She’s about halfway through when Arto has a moment to swallow hard and think that this is possibly more than just a habit, a leftover from when the adults were trying to stop him biting his nails. He’s enjoying this. He likes the way it looks, the way the light catches on the glitter, the smooth shine of the overcoat.
Arto doesn’t say anything and Steve gives him a gentle shake. “Hey, that’s you, Master Rogers. Tulio is talking to you.”
It fills Arto with joy, knowing his friends are there, ready to have his back and willing to be his friend even after all this drama.
Over the sounds of plastic rattling, he hears Steve asking about home. He doesn’t go over but he listens very carefully as he plays with Anna.
“But he’s not moping or texting or lurking,” Tony repeats. “I can’t do anything about his terrible sense of self-preservation or skewed risk analysis.”
“Yeah,” Arto says, even though he’s feeling kind of put out because if they go outside he won’t be able to listen in on what they’re talking about. He’s learned a lot in his lifetime by waiting outside doors and listening in on conversations that possibly don’t necessarily concern him, and now Steve seems to have gotten wise to the fact and is quite literally shutting him out.
“Of course I did,” Steve replies. “And I didn’t want to wreck this for you by not finding some help.”
Now that’s terrifying. The thought of actually doing it. But maybe terrifying in a good, exciting way. “Can we...look?”
She does her usual thing of not letting him in when she opens the door, standing in the gap of the doorway so he can’t just barge in like he does to Clint. Well, he’s probably strong enough to barge past Nat but he’s not a maniac so he doesn’t.
Bucky drops the cigarette to the floor, grinds it out with his heel. “You don’t have that kind of money, sugar,” he says, pulling open the cab door. “Come on, let’s go. I want a beer.”
, the kid can talk when he gets going. Words all jumbled and stuttering, a thousand rushed questions that are fascinated and eager, if not a little tricky to follow.  He’s getting nothing done at all – not that he can do much anyway. He’s not pulling up sensitive information in front of the kid, not if Steve’s photographic memory is in any way genetic.
Arto looks at Steve, a question in his eyes. As always, checking in with him to ascertain the value of what he’s learning, to see if it’s true or not. Steve nods and Arto nods in return, thoughtful.
They’re midway through breakfast when Clint chokes on his pancakes, eyes on his phone. He thumps himself on the chest, holding the phone out towards Steve. Steve takes it warily, and then as he looks at whatever it is, closes his eyes and makes a face that does not bode well for anyone. “
He takes a deep breath, presses his mouth back to Arto’s hair. “Let's do it a step at a time, huh? Thinking about school is big and scary, right? So let's just think about step one. I need you to do one tiny thing and go wash your face.”
Tony grins. “Now, do we go and stop them stair-surfing, or do we do that reprehensible parent thing where you ignore something for your own sanity?”
“She’s learned how to kiss,” Clint explains. “Which for her is just mashing her face against whatever she wants to kiss until it kisses back. Works with me and Buck, not so much with the couch or her Bucky Bear.”
Steve tosses it over without argument and Arto leans the phone up against the carton of juice, video calling Clint’s phone. It rings and rings and for once stomach-dipping awful moment he thinks that Clint isn’t going to answer and then it connects to reveal Bucky.
“I didn’t want them and now I do,” Arto says. Damn, why is Clint not understanding this? Words, he needs more words. Which words though?
Startled, he lets him go. “Sorry,” he says, having a moment of wild panic that he’s hurt him by holding too hard, but Arto just tips his head back and beams at him, reaching up to touch Steve’s face.
Arto nods, passes Anna over. He wants to keep her close but he knows he needs to talk to someone about the horrible feelings twisting in his gut, and he can't take Anna into the workshop. “Going to find Tony,” he mutters and walks away from Clint before Clint hugs him or something stupid because then he’ll start to cry in front of Bucky and Sam.
And then Steve promptly has what feels like an aneurysm because Arto turns around and points at his motorbike and says, "Please?"
Tony gets comfy first, draping himself over Steve with his head propped on his chest, one leg thrown lazily over Steve’s thigh. “We were building the bike and he asked to go and help Clint with paperwork.”
Arto stands with his forehead pressed to the cold glass of his bedroom’s floor to ceiling windows, phone in hand. Staring out at the bleak January sky beyond, he lifts the phone to his ear and hits the dial symbol again. It rings and rings and then goes to voicemail again, Peter’s chirpy tones telling him to leave a message. He feels his stomach twist up into a sick knot, his throat going tight. That’s five calls and Peter still isn’t picking up. He’s read Arto’s texts though, the double blue tick on whatsapp mocking Arto whenever he checks the conversation.
“Whoa, whoa, take it easy-” Clint is laughing, and Steve looks over to see him grappling with Arto, Arto’s wrists in his hands. Arto is laughing as well, but as he shifts he catches Clint in the ribs with a knee, knocking a pained grunt out of Clint’s chest.
Steve walks over, picks up the phone and stares at the blank screen. “You didn’t have to hang up on him.”
Arto thinks about it. “Can you tell him for me? I don’t mind him knowing but I don’t wanna...saying it out loud is making me tired.”
The Tesla makes quick work of getting out of Chicago, and soon enough they’re on the interstate, tearing through Indiana. They chat about how much they're looking forwards to being in New York again, about potential sports he could try with Bucky, about the holiday that he’d all but forgotten about.
“It’s happening, make peace with it,” Steve says, peering out of the window. “Either that or I drive you to her office and you do it face to face.”
On one hand, Arto would rather jump off the roof than talk about his stupid pink-obsessed brain. But on the other, if both his dads are willing to actually come and be with him and maybe listen to the whole Peter thing, then he’s willing to try and talk.
Arto sulks for days. It’s worse than the thing with the cat. Way worse. He even refuses to eat his regular Lucky charms, eyeing the box with hurt betrayal, eyes full of tears. While Tony is talked out of buying General Mills, he does order Arto a bag of cereal marshmallows. It doesn’t have the intended effect; Arto throws them on the floor and howls that they’re
“Okay, okay,” Tony laughs, sitting back and holding his hands up in a gesture of surrender. “I just-” he begins, drops a hand to rub at the back of his neck. “Seeing that thing,” he says, nodding to the family tree picture, “And seeing you with him-”
"Ste-e-e-e-ve," Arto whines, but he doesn't put much effort into protesting. He slumps over Steve’s shoulder, feet half-heartedly kicking against Steve’s stomach. Steve carts him all the way back up to the communal lounge, dropping him onto the couch and then standing there, rubbing his hands over his face and wondering what to do next.
“He does not,” Arto says, though he can tell that Tony’s not his usual pristine self. His suit is impeccable but Arto catches the bags under his eyes and the tired look on his face just before he slides on a pair of sunglasses. He looks back over his shoulder at Steve but Steve is just staring at the TV with a look of intent that he normally reserves for battle formations and super villains.
...but on the whole, he thinks he can deal with it. He’ll take a few healing emotional scars in exchange for his family back together.
deliberately calm and quiet, and Arto freezes, then guiltily tucks his leg back in. “Better,” Steve says. “Okay. This has been going on long enough. I’m going to fetch Tony and we’re going to talk about why you’ve been so on edge the past few days.”
“Yep,” Steve says, with a not-really-that-apologetic smile. “About once a year he asks me if he can teach you martial arts or boxing or something. Says it'd be good for you. Turns out he was right.”
Steve and Arto catch up with Bucky outside. He’s standing near the cab rank and smoking, looking pretty calm considering that he just walked away from Clint and Anna. “Come on,” he calls, words muffled around the cigarette that’s clamped between his lips. He’s got his hands jammed in his pockets, shoulders hunched up by his ears. “I’m freezing my nuts off over here.”
“Clint came to pick us up,” Peter explains, already nosing around Arto’s new room, looking in the ensuite and walk-in closet. “This place is the coolest. When’re you moving the rest of your stuff in?”
(the news being that general mills were running a social media competition to win one of ten boxes of marshmallow only lucky charms.)
“You know…” Steve finally hedges, tone very careful. He sounds like that time he did when Bucky refused to leave the tower because he said the air con might break and make it cold and then Anna might freeze. “You know that you’ve done this before, right? You spent a lot of time when you were younger dressed up as Cinderella.”
Luckily, all it gets them is their food served super quickly. Arto blinks at the milkshake that he didn’t order and is torn between crying and knocking it over when he realises Steve did it for him.
“If you insist,” Tony says. Arto feels a tension he didn’t know he was carrying dissipate at that, realising that he was automatically bracing himself for Tony to say no, that he was too busy. Maybe he
It’s the exact same shade of pink. Exactly. Like, he could camouflage his nails into the headband and never find them again. Exactly the same. He stares at it, and he can’t help but think that he wants one too. The same feeling from the nail bar hooks into his gut, pulling tight and making him feel all shivery and weird.
“Yeah,” Arto smiles back, then looks down at his hands. “But...I think I like clothes from everywhere. From boys and girls.”
Steve takes him home. He sets him on the couch and wraps him in a blanket, brings him his headphones. Arto takes them with a nod, syncing up his cell so he can put on music and block out the world around him. Exhausted, he slumps into the corner and naps fitfully.
“Thanks for trying,” Steve says, and kills the engine. Coulson hastily steps out of the way as Steve gets out the car, radiating an inhuman amount of pissed-off-ness. Arto hastily scrambles out too, waving quickly at Phil. Steve slams the car door, marching towards the front door. “TONY!” he bellows, scattering removal men, SHIELD agents and SI employees alike. Arto follows in his wake, jogging to keep up.
“That’s what Tony says,” Arto says, starting at the book. Then he realises what he’s said and winces. “Sorry?”
He cocks his head curiously as he reads what he can when he’s standing on the wrong side of the screen. The intrigue momentarily outweighs his annoyance. “What are nanites?”
“Anna has decided that sleeping is for suckers,” Bucky says, the last word punctuated with a vicious punch. “And her crying makes me want to cry, so here I am.”
“It was a crush, and it was stupid and I’m over it,” Arto says forcefully, thinking back to the days of liking-Kate, trying to sneak glances of the Young Avengers in training and feeling his belly swoop every time she swung her glossy hair over her shoulder. “I don’t even like her anymore.”
“What’s up?” Steve asks, still cheerful in that fake way that’s so obvious. “Sorry I missed you last night, I had paperwork to finish up and-”
Arto takes his hand without a word. “Bucky Bear,” he says, clinging tightly to Steve’s hand. Steve looks around; he’s not seen the bear in over an hour, not since Arto and Clint tipped most of the small cushions from the couch.
It’s not just the attitude though; he’s also edging back into clingy territory, angling after hugs and wanting to be in Steve’s pocket. It drives Tony mad because it's not consistent, either. When he’s not being surly and acting like the world is out to get him, he’s pretty chirpy and bright.
Arto thinks. God he’s so dumb. Going to Tony to try and make Steve happy when Tony was probably the reason that Steve was crying anyway? Fucking smooth.
Steve watches Bucky watch Arto, gently flexing his thumb. “No biting, you gottit. Hey, you gonna let me have a marshmallow?”
He holds both his hands out, not looking Bucky in the eye. He still catches the edge of Bucky’s grin in his peripheral vision though, and he feels it as Bucky takes hold of his hand in his metal one, rearranging his fingers so he can wrap them.
Tony only hears a few seconds of conversation in the time it takes for him to walk from the top of the stairs to the kitchen, but it’s definitely enough to pique his interest. He wanders into the kitchen and just as he predicted it would, the conversation stops dead. Clint and Arto both turn in impressive synchronicity to look right at him; Arto folds his arms over his chest and glares down at the tabletop. Clint hitches baby Anna up and grimaces as she shoves spit-covered fists into his face.
The car roars to life. Jarvis is protesting from the console but if Jarvis dares shut that door on him he’ll drive straight through it, and he screams as much at him as the shutters slowly start to descend. He slams his foot onto the accelerator, the car lurches forwards-
And Arto is too exhausted and over-emotional to call them on on the fact they’re kissing right near his face, which is ew, gross. He just stands there and lets himself be held like he’s six all over again.
“Same difference,” Arto huffs, and finally open his eyes. “If this is normal, why does it suck so much?”
one,” Arto says, with an overdramatic whine and slump into Steve, mashing his face into Steve’s belly.
“No,” Arto lies, even though he’s a little scared about just how real that nightmare was. It’s never been that bad before. “I’m okay.”
Arto’s torn. It’s like part of him doesn’t want it to go away, like if he forgives and forgets then all the hurt he’s feeling won’t matter, it’ll just be washed away.
Nick Fury walks slowly into his office, inwardly on high alert. He looks around, knowing that he looks like he’s just checking the time instead of doing a
“She’ll get it,” Clint yawns, offering her another piece of toast. “Bucky’s now dada, which is two syllables.”
“Oh please tell me you didn’t,” Steve despairs, as Tony is clapping his hands over Arto’s ears and hissing, “Not in front of the brat!”
Tumblr prompt from user Pariahsdream - "I did a pregnancy test."/Winterhawk (bonus pts if in Arto verse). ;)
Steve squeezes his shoulder and then gets up. Arto panics for a moment but Steve comes back within a minute, a glass of water and a pack of cookies in hand. “Here,” he says, and passes Arto both. “I can go find you hot chocolate if you want?”
He’s up in the morning before Steve again, who seems to have turned into some strange, star-spangled, hibernating creature. He didn't even sleep this much that time he got back from chasing that Hydra guy across Europe, and he didn't sleep for six days straight while that was going on. Arto doesn’t wake him, just slips out of bed and heads straight for where he can hear Bucky-Clint-Anna noises in the kitchen. Plus he can smell bacon, so that’s a damn good incentive to get up.
He feels oddly lighter after his conversation with Steve, like he’s given himself permission to let go of some of the anger that he was feeling towards Tony. The message from Tony has certainly helped as well, like Tony telling him that he expected them to have it out validates Arto’s anger, which weirdly makes it go away a little. It’s like knowing he’s allowed to be mad makes it easier to not be mad in such an overwhelming way.
Arto slumps back against his headboard, staring at the pale cream wall in front of him. His room isn’t as big as the one in the tower but it doesn’t really matter because he’s got four whole rooms all of his own. And he’s already starting to love this place, the plush carpets and the dark wood. He can imagine them being happy here. Every member of his slightly dysfunctional family.
“Omari!” Arto exclaims, dropping Peter and stretching a hand out for Omari to grab. Damn, sometimes he wishes he could just hug him tight like he does with Peter and the others, but he knows how much he hates having too much pressure on his scales.
“Hey, Smart Art,” Tony says wearily as he turns back, brushing his knuckles against Arto’s cheek. “Hey, can I borrow your ears for a moment?”
A few long minutes later and Steve comes back for round two. He sits on the edge of the couch, twisting his fingers together. “Do you feel you need...you need to be wearing clothes that are intended for women?”
is the headline and he wants to throw the phone just from reading that. At least he’s being called by his own name now, rather than ‘Cap’s kid,’ which he usually is.
Arto feels his chin trembling, his lip quivering. He tries to fight it but hot tears run scalding tracks down his cheeks anyway. Steve reaches out to slide his hand onto Arto’s neck, thumb on his jaw.
Bucky doesn’t reply, but does one of those patented Bucky moves that’s oddly sinuous and graceful, the sort of thing that he really looks too fucking stacked to pull off. He swings his legs out of the bed and slides out down onto the floor, crouching down next to Anna’s travel cot where it stands next to the bed. He gently reaches in, eyes intense as he checks her over.
“Clint says I’m a weirdo,” he blurts out, eyes fixed on his hand, held carefully between the woman’s.
“Normal doesn’t mean easy,” Tony tells him. “You know, I can help. I used to be renowned for my skills with women, before Steve turned me into a boring married soccer-dad.”
“Arto is with me,” he says immediately. “I will call you back later if you want to have it out with me, but he is here and he is listening.”
Arto stares at Anna, at her fluffy dark hair that’s been rucked up by the headband. She’s still curiously tugging at it and Bucky and Clint are fussing with her, smiling and laughing. Even Sam is coming over, leaning over Clint’s shoulder and saying how damn cute she is. Christ, any more talk about Anna being cute and Bucky will actually explode with pride.
Tony laughs. “Now you’re talking,” he says. “Just promise me you won’t try and interfere with Arto and his teenage angst again.”
He barely has to wait ten seconds before Omari sends back a thumbs up and a green love heart, followed by ‘
“Yeah, supervised training when he’s twenty-one, yeah, everyone knows the deal, you are very insistently clear on the deal,” Tony says. Steve frowns at him and Tony leans up to kiss him. “Stop with the frown, I fully support you on the deal,” he murmurs against Steve’s mouth.
Steve pushes himself up, dragging a hand down his face. He shakes his head slightly and then leans over to click the bedside lamp on. He’s suddenly very alert and awake, in that weird snap way he does if the Avengers alarm goes off.
“Okay, good,” Tony says, holding up his hands, a little alarmed at Arto’s vehement reaction. “Calm down.”
He texts Omari a string of multi-coloured hearts and barely has time to hit send before a hand is closing around his phone and tugging it away from him.
And sometimes, just sometimes, Arto wishes Tony weren’t so direct. It’s like having a conversation with someone determined to KO you. No wonder Steve does that thing where he screws his eyes shut and pinches his nose.
Steve gets up, walks away. He doesn’t go far though, just puttering around in the kitchen. He’s probably just doing it as a time-out from the conversation. Arto would happily take a time out from his entire life right about now.
call Arto out on being weird once or twice, but all he gets is eye rolls or the Teenage Stare, the one that roughly translates as
“I honestly don’t know, I’m not you, I don’t know how you’ll feel,” Steve says, which isn’t helpful. “I’ll support you whatever happens. But the end game of this is that we go home, and we forgive and move on.”
Behind him, Arto hears Steve make a strangled sound. Bucky runs into the room with Clint right on his heels; Bucky has just a towel wrapped around his waist and skids to a halt so suddenly that Clint crashes into his back, nearly dropping the baby monitor that he’s got clutched in his hand. “What did we miss?!”
Arto's composure slips a little, a flicker of uncertainty crossing his face. He looks around again, gaze flicking from the building to Bucky to Clint, then back to Steve. "Hmmm, no," he finally says. "I'm brave. And you have a phone. And if I want you to come back you drive really fast anyway so you'll be here fast."
Arto somehow manages to get across the room without anyone noticing, skulking behind Tony with his cheeks bright red. Actually, scratch adopting any more wayward powered-up children, this one is plenty enough.
He takes Steve to the conference floor, and steps out of the elevator and heads towards the landing between the two staircases. It appears deserted, and Steve frowns irritably at him, but Tony holds up a hand in a gesture to wait.
He’d fallen asleep still wearing his long dress-shirt and has a moment of wondering if he should change into something that looks less like a old-timey nightgown, but apparently whoever is outside his door isn’t fond of waiting.
“You should join in massage time one of these days,” she says to Bucky. “Would be good for your temperament.”
“If you can forgive him, then stay,” Clint says. “You need some space, then...well. I know what that feels like. And if you stay here then you're gonna have to guarantee that there's going to be no more of that battle royale. The Young Avengers will be back in the building and - and I'm not having you two brawling it out in front of them.”
Strong arms envelop him, and he slumps against Steve’s chest, face still covered. He wants to stop crying but he’s not sure it’s even physically possible at this moment. He’s not sure anything is physically possible at the moment which is why it’s probably a good thing that Steve decides to sit them down right there on the stairs, hauling Arto into his lap like he’s still ten and tiny.
They get home a few hours later, with Bucky carrying a new leather jacket for himself and Arto carrying a box that he’s clutching to his chest like someone might try and take it away from him. They’ve also got copious amounts of double-stack burgers to feed Steve and Clint, because they’re nice like that.
“Arto, just,” Steve says, and reaches out to put a hand over Arto’s. “Wait an hour. If you still feel that way in an hour, call him. Don’t do anything you’ll regret because you’re angry.”
“Well, it’s the Stark Foundation, so it’s really half and half,” Tony says. “Mind if I call in some exposure on the Stark part for a moment? Yeah okay. So my better half is not here tonight because I, as a genius who never likes to admit he’s wrong, have to say that I got things wrong and upset him enough so that he’s not here tonight.”
By the time he’s got that out of his system, it’s mid-morning and he’s starving. He’d go straight down for breakfast but Bucky always narrow-eyes him after he’s had what Steve determinedly calls ‘alone time’, like he can literally smell it on him or some shit. It’s beyond embarrassing - actually, it’s beyond mortifying because he knows Steve has the same enhanced senses as Bucky, so if Bucky is smelling him or picking up on his body language or reading his mind or whatever, then Steve is too.
Arto abruptly stops as they get around the corner and he finds himself standing in front of the thing Bucky wants to show him.
He’s sitting cross-legged with a pack of wax crayons and together they’re drawing all sorts all over the brilliant white walls of the lounge. Well, Steve is drawing stick men and sunshines and unicorns. Anna is drawing scribbles, but Steve praises her for each one and offers her more colors, and Arto loves his dad so much he feels like he needs to pinch him or push him over or something, just so he gets how much Arto actually loves him.
“She missed you too,” says a voice and Arto looks up to see Bucky standing nearby and Clint leaning over the back of the couch, grinning. “Surprise!”
he’s too late. The giant TV is on and Steve is standing there with the remote in hand, staring at the news anchor who is happily smiling away next to a picture of Tony and Steve at last years gala. Oh god, picture-Tony is holding up a hand in a wave and picture-Steve is looking at picture-Tony, beaming like he's the best thing in the whole universe.
“You shouldn’t even know what a rack is,” Tony points out to him, and then swats at Arto who is squinting, head turned to the side as he stares at Clint’s chest contemplatively. “Arto!”
Then a voice from somewhere within the shop shouts back, “Hear, hear!” and all Arto can do is laugh. He breaks down into hysterical giggles, clinging onto the rack in front of him as Bucky starts to laugh too.
“No, come on,” Arto says. He grabs hold of Steve’s jacket and pulls him over towards the stairs, almost bumping in to a group of people coming out the elevators. One of the people he nearly knocks over is a girl with beautiful curly blonde hair and freckles. She’s about his age and she’s
Arto presses his phone to his chin, tapping his nails against the case. “Why will they be mad? Tony’s the one that did something wrong, right?”
Arto thinks of how it felt to have Tony miss so much, the absences over Christmas, the locked workshop doors. He leans down and kisses the top of Anna’s head. “Can we go in? it’s freezing.”
“Looks like you’re winning,” he says to Arto, who just laughs and slaps his hand against the tablet, leaning forwards with his elbows on the edge of the counter. He seems to have brightened up, the incident with Clint all but forgotten, but Steve doesn't think it will take a lot for him to end up wobbling again.
Arto scowls. “Shut up,” he grouches, shoving his hands in his pockets. His torn nail snags on the lining of his pocket and he feels a strange warm wave of panic. What if she saw his nails? What if she assumes he’s gay because of his nails? What if no girl ever looks at him ever again because they assume he’s gay?
While he’s been yelling, Steve has hung up the phone and tossed it aside. He walks over to Arto with a hand extended and a concerned look on his face and for a split second Arto thinks about shoving him, hitting him, but he doesn’t. He just stands there, shaking and welling up with hot tears.
He sighs and holds up three fingers. Tony nods, face softening. “I vote for that one too. Me being an idiot is a conversation that can wait, let’s talk about you.”
“Your fault that I've got a super soldier appetite,” Arto shrugs, shuffling up to sit against the headboard and unwrapping his burrito. Steve just lounges back across the foot of Arto’s bed, propped up on one elbow and eyes gazing absently out of the window. He looks tired, Arto thinks abruptly. Still young, but tired.
“No,” Arto says, throat too tight. He points at the princess again, yanking on Steve’s sleeve. “I. I like.”
“Makes sense,” Steve says slowly. “Imagination has to come from experience, right? And we don't know how much experience he actually has.”
Bucky looks thoughtful, crossing his arms across his chest. “Alright,” he says. “What have you got in mind?”
“He’s been texting since the film started,” Steve whispers. There’s no need, really; between the explosions on the film, Natasha and Sam talking, and Anna babbling there’s plenty of cover.
Steve sighs. “I don’t want you anywhere near that damn project,” he says, and holds out a pacifying hand as Tony’s mouth opens in outrage. “But I recognise that that’s my fears reacting and it’s not rational. Or fair on you.”
And it’s probably because Steve doesn’t really say please in that way that Arto listens. He nods and drops his phone back into the footwell. He goes back to staring out of the window, biting on his thumbnail and wishing that everything could just go back to normal.
They drop off their bags at a motel and then head to a diner. It’s run down and tired looking but it serves burgers and Arto is starving so he doesn’t care about the peeling vinyl and cracked seats. Steve doesn’t seem to give a shit either, slumping back against the booth and ordering double portions of everything. That earns him a sideways glance, and Arto can pinpoint the exact moment that the server recognises them.
Everyone shows for team dinner. Even Natasha, who has been back from DC for all of an hour. She arrives just in time but still in uniform, walking over to kiss Arto’s forehead and tutting at the state of his nail varnish. “You said you wouldn’t chew them,” she says, but she doesn't sound too cross. She looks carefully at him and Arto decides to look at his phone instead of her face because he loves her, but he doesn’t like the way she can read everything about him just by looking. He knows Steve doesn’t like it either.
“No,” Arto says. “I went with Nat and got mine done too, why are you making it into a big deal? You’re being like TMZ, stop it.”
Arto scowls. He walks his fingers up over Tony’s arm, dancing around the edge of a soldering burn. “I’m going to school,” he insists.
Arto shifts in his arms, making a clicking sound with his tongue and pushing at Steve’s arm with a small hitching breath of sound in the back of his throat, and Steve realises that he’s pulled Arto almost impossibly close, his arm tightening around his middle.
“I’m telling him everything,” Arto said gleefully. “He’ll be secretly proud of you. Like,” he added, eyes sliding over to Steve, “you’re secretly proud of me.”
Steve heaves out a sigh, rubbing hard at his face. “Okay,” he says, like he’s gathering himself. “Okay. Whatever you decide, we can work with.”
Arto’s stomach goes cold. “Work?” he asks, coughing around the wet, closed up feeling in his nose and throat.
The picture gets an insane amount of likes and comments, as does every photo of Arto that Bucky puts up.  It doesn’t top the picture of him wearing the Iron Man helmet, the one of him and Natasha painting Clint’s nails, or the one of him and Steve asleep on the couch, but it gets enough attention that Arto is convinced he’s going to win.
Steve stares at Arto for a moment, and then he reaches out to pat Tony on the shoulder. “Tag, you’re it,” he says, hastily stepping backwards. “I’m going back to bed.”
Arto throws out a hand to hang onto the door handle, both alarmed and thrilled at the speed. “Do you think Tony’s really gone crazy?”
“I think Tony has made an impulse decision which normal people would take months of discussion and planning and
Arto almost chokes on air. Steve reaches out to dismiss the call, glancing at Arto. “Don’t you say that.”
Arto doesn’t know how to react so ends up working on pure instinct, which is why he ends up throwing his pillow at Peter. It hits him right in the face, dropping back down to the floor. Arto sees Peters shocked face for about who seconds before Peter drops off of the ceiling onto Arto, attempting to put him in a headlock.
“Yeah I know, when you’re older it’s not - okay. Right. When you’re younger, you still have a lot to learn. Even though you think you know everything, you don’t. You only have your years’ worth of experience and knowledge, right? So for someone even a few years older, they’ve got way more experience and knowledge. It’s a power differential, kiddo, and that’s not okay. When you hit your mid-twenties it’s not such a big deal because you’ve done your growing up. There’s no power differential because you’re both grown up.”
“We’ve been friends with Peter for like...nearly four years? And you’ve fallen out with him enough so that you’re never going to talk to him again?”
“He’s skateboarding down the stairs,” Steve says, blinking at the space where Arto and Peter just vanished.
Bucky comes back in short order, sans Steve. “Steve may have not been too tactful about how he started that conversation, Stark flipped his lid because he has in no way shape or form even mentioned divorce and he’s pissed off that Steve thought it was true. Which I don’t think he did, but yeah. He didn’t open with that.”
Arto takes the hint and sinks to his knees in front of Anna, leaning in to kiss her. She makes an indignant little noise of protest, pushing at his face with her chubby little hands. Arto laughs weakly and pretends to bite at her fingers, making her giggle. He stands up, finds himself pulled into a hug by Clint.
“Alright, next one Art,” he says softly, and Arto is already there, leaning up to gently rub at Clint’s temples and across his forehead. Steve joins in, and Natasha’s mouth curves into a soft smile as he works.
He hears Tony come close. “Come here, Smart-Art,” he murmurs, pulling him round and into a hug. Arto stays stiff and uncooperative, even though he wants to just curl up on Tony’s knee and be hugged for the next three hours.
The relief is so strong it’s almost enough to knock him down. He just nods into Steve’s shoulder, feeling suddenly both very young and somehow older than he ever has before.
“You adorable, tragic, little meatball, you’re just like your Dad,” Tony sighs, and ignores Arto’s glower. “Okay, second thing you need to know. When you’re younger, age gaps are a big deal.”
He shoves at Bucky’s shoulder. Bucky doesn’t even move an inch, simply raises a bored eyebrow. Flushing, Arto elbows him in the stomach and then darts into a bustling Gap store before Bucky can elbow him back.
Tony sighs again, strokes a hand over Arto’s head. “I want to,” he says. “It’s a project that could revolutionise modern medicine. But...I’m not going to be using myself as a test subject. I’m not going to put you guys in the position where you have to worry about me.”
“What’s happened?” Steve asks calmly, but Arto shakes his head, cheek pressing against Steve’s shoulder. “You need to tell me,” Steve presses gently. “It’s obviously something, Art.”
“The stingray it is then,” she smiles, and Arto is suddenly very grateful for her, even if she is a mind-reader. “You want to say goodbye to Tony before we go?”
They’ve just climbed back into the car after a restroom-coffee-snack break when Steve’s phone starts to ring, a picture popping up on the center console. It’s a scowling face obscured by a metal hand trying to push the camera away. Arto immediately thinks that Bucky’s been caught up in some mess at the airport. Steve obviously thinks the same, leaning over and tapping the screen to answer the call. “Do I need to come rescue you from the TSA?”
“No,” Arto says. “I’m interested in beating the record for the Manhattan Island Marathon Swim, and being able to free dive for forty minutes. I’ve got goals, Nat, not wasting my time with stupid dating.”
Arto does. He gets his coat, hat and gloves and then ignores what Bucky says and goes to say goodbye to Steve anyway. He’s sitting on the couch in his room, staring out the window at the snow. Arto tells Steve where he’s going and hugs him tight. He tells him that he knows Steve and Tony won’t ever split up and Steve’s eyes fill with tears. He doesn’t actually cry though. Just nods and then gently shoos Arto out, telling him to text him if he needs him.
“Yep,” Steve agrees easily. “Though I've been trying. I mean, I never said anything about you and Peter skateboarding down the stairs. And after our first fall out about it I didn't ask you about Kate anymore. And I decided not to say anything about Bucky teaching you to box.”
Arto’s insides do a strange little wallop at that. Bucky will shit a brick if he knows Omari is planning on handing in an essay about him, and Arto’s kind of ridiculously proud. On the other hand, Omari’s answer throws him a little off balance because Bucky is
The moment they’re in, Arto whips the map out of Steve’s hand. “Top floor,” he says. “Modern art first.”
challenge. Bucky sighs and concedes, though does reach out to brush his metal fingers over Clint's shoulder.
“Mhhhm,” Arto says, and sits at the long breakfast bar. It’s all wrong, and as he sits down he fiercely misses his seat at the island counter at home, the huge oblong that has enough space around it for everyone. “Is there any syrup?”
Clint grins, lets him go and picks up both of his mugs to raise them in a toast. “Everyone’s got to start somewhere,” he says. “And for you...well, somewhere just happened to be pink sparkly nail polish.”
“You’re gross,” Arto says. Clint gives him the finger. Arto sticks his tongue out and Clint reaches over, pretending to snap at his tongue with the tongs he’s using for the bacon. Arto’s about to retaliate by throwing a banana skin at him but he’s distracted by Bucky returning with Steve in tow. Steve looks tired and pissed off. Bucky is looking like he doesn't give a shit that Steve is tired and pissed off.
Unfortunately, the two people he’s looking for aren't present, which just compounds his bad mood into a terrible one. Sam is at the counter doing a jigsaw puzzle, Bucky is on the phone with a very pissed off expression in place, Clint is at the coffee maker and Anna is beelining for the Christmas tree, eyes fixed on the baubles. She’s not got the hang of walking properly yet - she tends to toddle along at an ever-increasing speed until she barrels into something or someone.
“Steve said I could,” Arto responds immediately. He doesn’t look bothered by Nick’s presence in the slightest which is interesting; Steve and Tony have both said about how twitchy he gets around strangers. They’ve never actually met properly; the only other times Arto has been in SHIELD, Nick hasn’t been there. Really, considering the whole kidnapping thing, he’s amazed that Steve lets Arto anywhere near the place.
Tony grins. “There it is,” he says. “You’re condoning harassing his friends, Steve? That’s unethical.”
“You knock me down you face Bucky,” Clint says with a shrug. “Not a risk I’d want to take, Short Round.”
They pull up at the school, Bucky slowing the car to a crawl as they head up the drive. Steve’s phone buzzes with a text from Clint that simply says
Steve replies with some very not-allowed swears that he’d totally bust Arto for even thinking. “We’re on the way,” he says tersely and hangs up. “Arto, buckle up.” He takes his coffee back, down it in like four gulps and drops the empty cup behind his chair, before starting the car and gunning it.
It feels like hours later before anything else happens; as far as Arto knows it could have been hours or could just as easily have been minutes. He hears footsteps walking across his lounge and then the door swishes over the carpet.
“Not helpful, Hawkeye,” Tony sighs, pressing his mouth to Arto’s hair. “I’m sorry Art, I didn’t realise they had to be Lucky Charms charms.”
“You’re young,” Steve says quietly. “You can work all this out in your own time. Hell, when I was seventeen I would go knocking down Bucky’s door if I’d not heard from him. Couldn’t separate us for more than a day.”
There’s another long silence. It’s never been like this before. They’ve always had endless things to talk about, could stay on the phone for hours if left to it. But now there’s a big gap between them and Arto doesn’t know what to do.
“Well, duh,” Arto says, letting go of him with one arm and twisting around so he can look at Bucky and Clint. He likes it here, being nestled under Steve’s arm. “You’re here and it’s in New York.”
Arto makes a sympathetic noise. He knows how Omari feels when his scales get too cold. It’s like Bucky’s metal arm but worse.
“Sure,” Fury says. He looks back towards the window, to see Steve still engrossed in his call. Arto makes a strange clicking sound, and when Nick looks back he’s staring through the window too, eyes on Steve. Looks like plan C involves staying here a while longer, because he can read that kid like a book and isn’t exactly going to up and leave him while he’s looking like that.
Nearly ten hours later, Arto finds himself sitting on his old bed in his new room, still a little stunned by it all. His room is in the East Wing of the mansion, and he’s got his own bathroom, guest room, kitchenette and lounge. It’s like having his own apartment at the end of a corridor and it’s fucking awesome. Steve and Tony have their rooms upstairs in the main part of the building, and Bucky, Clint and Anna have a self-contained wing at the back of the house. There are boxes everywhere and SHIELD employees are still banging around in the basement, setting up equipment under Tony’s careful supervision.
Arto’s shoulders slump. Steve’s going to get him a police escort or follow him twenty paces behind or something. “Yeah?”
Doesn’t stop him buying a new pink sweater though, or a super long white tank top with a hem that floats around his knees. If he wears it over leggings it’ll look a bit like a skirt. That freaks him out a little, but not enough to stop him loving how light and floaty it is. If he spins around, it twirls around with him like he’s a ballerina or some shit.
He tucks his phone away, feels tears surging hot and sudden. Swallows hard and tries to wipe them away.
Tony looks at Steve and Steve looks at Tony, and they both say 'no' at the same time. Arto gapes at them both, rearing back in affront. For a moment Steve internally cringes, thinking that Arto will start to object in a more forceful manner, but then he just huffs and buries his face in Steve's chest.
He distracts Arto with Jurassic Park which is somehow still entertaining on its four hundredth viewing, and dozes until the rest of the tower wakes up. He leaves Tony wrangling with lucky charms and a seven year old who does not want to sit still at all, instead going to wake up Bucky and Clint. He finds them already awake, playing Halo and surrounded by empty packets of chips and cans of red bull.
Now, Steve likes to play dumb when it comes to social media because it infuriates Tony no end, but Arto knows that Steve’s perfectly capable of navigating not only a twitter feed but Bucky’s actual Instagram. “What would go on this Instagram?” Steve asks, tone carefully neutral.
Arto shares a glance with Omari, who looks just as nonplussed at he feels. He goes and closes the door, sits next to Omari, pulling his blanket around his shoulders and clutching his pillow to his chest.
Natasha opens her eyes, smiles at him. “You’re starting to get it. It’s more complicated than that, but you’re doing great.”
“Turn it off,” Bucky insists, throwing a piece of popcorn at the TV. “Steve, stop torturing yourself, you freaking martyr.”
Tony shrugs. “Boredom? Habit? Because you’d started chewing them again?” He looks like he’s got something else to add but then stops and shakes his head like he’s waking himself up. His attention goes back to Arto’s nails. “So these are the real deal, huh? Ran out of your own polish?”
“Sir, Yes, sir,” Arto replies and Steve’s gone again, talking seriously to Anna about binkies as he goes down the corridor. It’s only when Arto hears the outer door to his wing close that he relaxes, flopping back onto his blankets.
He sits up against the headboard, pushing his fingers through his sweaty hairline. He wants a drink of water. He wants his friends. He wants to go home. Right about now, the idea of being sat on his couch with Peter and Omari next to him seems like heaven.
Back on the TV, a reporter has managed to get Tony and Natasha to stop. They’re excitedly talking about the good work of the Stark foundation. Natasha smiles serenely and politely and Tony nods and answers some questions about the charities that they’re supporting. A PA or something appears to chivvy them along so they say thank you, nodding and moving down the carpet-
“Your child was being weird today,” Tony says as he knee walks up the bed. Propped up against the headboard, Steve doesn’t even bother to look up from his paperwork.
“Well yeah, just don’t tell your dad’s that I told you to fight anyone,” Bucky says like it’s obvious. “Look, it’ll be hard. It’ll take a lot of energy. But you’ll get to be you and you might help a whole bunch of other kids who feel the same way as you. ”
Even as he asks, he reaches out for the carton of juice that Steve has set on the counter and makes an alarmed sound as he spots the big chunk of gel polish missing from his thumb nail. It’s like it’s literally peeled off, a slice of glittery pink somehow missing.
“-with Captain Rogers, who according to reports, is currently in Chicago,” the anchor says. “Whether the pair will attend the gala as expected remains to be seen.”
Arto’s face breaks out into a grin. He glances left and right, feeling his heart swelling in his rib cage. “Nah,” he says. “Not bad at all.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and his mouth flickers in a smile. “Hey, you know I wasn’t going to divorce him, right?”
He’s aware of Steve kneeling down next to him, a hand on his shoulder. All he can do is rest his forehead against his knees, breathe shallowly in and out through his mouth and try and not think about that seventeen percent.
“Stop it,” Arto insists, reaching out to pull Steve’s hand back. “I’ll talk to her if it means you two stop talking about it.”
Arto frowns at that. Says ‘Superhero,’ like it’s obvious. Steve sighs and repeats himself for the tenth time.
Arto isn’t thinking about how cute his baby sister is, he’s thinking about how her headband matches his nails.
, for having my back and talking sense into me. And for punching a pigeon in the face. I hate those things.
“You nearly missed Christmas! You told me to go away yesterday!” Arto’s knows he’s shouting but he can’t stop himself. It’s like a dam bursting, every stupid nasty thought has been amplified by ten and is pouring out of him. “And now Peter isn’t talking to me and you’re not listening to me and you’re making a big deal about-”
“Hi, hi,” Clint says, shoving Kamala in. “I’m sorry, they need feeding before we do anymore, they’re unbearable when they need food. Smol Avengers, you know Tony and Steve, and that over there is Arto.”
Arto has to hug him again for that. Steve kisses the side of his head. “Want to wear them round the apartment?” he murmurs.
“We can’t, not now. I’m going to get a normal sweatshirt. A normal boy sweatshirt that doesn’t make me seem queer or like- like I think I’m a different gender-”
They end up in a nail bar that's nothing like the one Natasha took him to. It's not as fancy and the staff barely glance twice at Arto, carrying on their own conversations in a language Arto doesn't recognise. They don’t even make a fuss about Steve, aside from a couple of people pointing him out to each other. Making a fuss over Captain America would probably get in the way of their frankly terrifyingly efficient work.
Nat closes her magazine, walks over to take Anna from Clint. “I’m borrowing this,” she says, smiling at Anna and brushing their noses together. “Come on baby, let’s go and sort him out.”
Natasha looks over the top of the magazine at him. “You are definitely a weirdo, but this does not make you a weirdo,” she says. “You hear me?”
“Because I love him,” Steve says. “And not being with him because I’m angry that he did something that might have meant I would have to be without him...there’s not much logic in that. Would kind of be cutting off my nose to spite my face.”
After an hour and a half, both Arto and Clint are whining they are hungry. Clint is quickly hushed by Bucky smacking him upside the head, but dealing with Arto in the same way is definitely not an option. Steve manages to placate him by getting Jarvis to put a documentary about sharks on the television, and Natasha procures a packet of Belgian cookies from somewhere that definitely isn't’ the communal kitchen, and shares them willingly with Arto and deliberately not with Clint.
Arto wakes up sweating and shaking, feeling like he’s going to throw up. Scraping a hand over his face, he gropes for his phone to check the time. Fuck, it’s only one AM which means he’s been asleep for all of an hour.
“All in due time, Short Round,” Clint says, and tips over backwards so he’s lying on Arto’s bed, holding the baby monitor to his chest. Bucky twists around to look at him and then seems to decide that Arto’s bed is good enough for him too; he shuffles around and lies on his side with his head pillowed on Clint’s stomach. Arto considers telling him to get his mostly naked butt off of his bed, but Bucky’s looking a bit weird and tired and sad so he doesn’t.
Steve orders them pizza. They lie on the couch with possibly every blanket that was in the penthouse, watching some Channing Tatum action flick on the flat screen TV that in no way matches the rest of the elegant and expensive decor. Steve gets his sketchpad about halfway through and starts drawing with a biro, elbow on the arm of the couch and head on his fist.
“I can’t let you do that,” he calls easily, hands in his pockets. He’s not even got his bow, the fucking idiot, like he thinks he can stop Arto without it.
“Your dad is a billionaire, you can afford to get them done every other day if you want,” Bucky calls, walking around to take Anna so Steve can get out of his layers. She makes an indignant little sound, kicking her feet and squirming until Bucky rolls his eyes and puts her down. She runs at Steve again, hitting him in the shins and squealing.
“Dare I ask what it’s supposed to do?” Clint asks as he wanders over towards the refrigerator, his towel-cape swishing around his shoulders. “And didn’t you say you were buying team dinner?”
“Thomas does need to get a life,” Omari agrees. “Hey, Peter said he tried to call you and you didn’t pick up.”
“That’s amazing!” Arto decides, standing up and walking over so he’s nearly directly under Peter. “This is so cool! Why didn’t you tell me sooner? I don’t care that you’re a freaky spider mutant!”
He heads to his dads’ room, planning on hiding behind one or both of them and sulking about stupid Bucky spoiling Anna and buying her things that Arto doesn't even want anyway-
Tony looks up from his phone as Steve nudges him; for a moment he thinks that Steve is going to try and draw his attention to some trivial plot point on the film that no-one is even watching anymore, but Steve instead nods over at Arto.
Arto watches the look and then belatedly realises that it’s weird that Steve is still asleep at eleven AM.
Steve grimaces. “Maybe,” he says. “But understand...I’m your dad. If I had to teach you self defence, like actually showing you what to do if someone tried to hurt you...I’m not sure I could handle that.”
“Wow, golly gosh, mister Captain America can tell time,” Bucky says, rolling his eyes as he climbs into the front of the cab, leaving Arto and Steve to get in the back. “Beer, second breakfast and retail therapy. We are not sitting around in the apartment all day.”
Steve blinks at the TV, watching as Tony offers Natasha his arm. “Nope,” he says and goes up to get a beer from the kitchen.
And then he slams his foot on the brake as Clint appears out of fucking nowhere, standing nonchalantly in front of the car like he didn’t nearly just get run over.
“I am King Hawkeye of the Southern Realm, and I will not be defeated! Not by anyone, and certainly not by small blond children!”
Which in turn means by the time he gets down to the kitchen, hunger levels are critical and he doesn’t hesitate to barge past Sam, Bruce and Clint to get to food.
“Don’t bring god into this, he’s not the one being weird,” Tony tells him, reaching over to take the wrench from him. “Why are you being weird?”
He steps forwards so Arto has no choice but to step back, away from the screens and benches. He’s confused at the amount of medical equipment that Tony’s got on his benches; in the place of the usual soldering irons and circuit boards are scalpels and syringes.
“You put that metal hand on me and you die,” Clint tells him, craning his head up for a kiss. “Hey babe.”
“He does too. I’m going to get Bucky,” Clint says, getting up and walking out of the room without looking away from the TV, tripping over a pair of boots on the way.
“I promise I’ll tell you if I want to go back, but I don’t, so stop it,” Arto says forcefully. He wishes he had his own sunglasses so he could hide behind them. He settles for turning the music up, loud enough so that Steve would have to shout if he wanted to be heard.
He lifts his hand again and this time Arto reaches out. Nick takes his hand in his and gently shakes it. “Okay, now your turn,” he prompts.
He’s practically vibrating with it by the time he and Natasha swap places. He knows a few of the women in the salon are looking at him so he just stares back in challenge until they look away. Natasha swats him gently on the shoulder as he does, taking up his vacated stool.
He’s got a cup in each hand and is squinting at Arto in the light. “What,” he says, sipping from the left cup. Arto reaches for the right one but Clint shakes his head with a clear nuh-uh sound, pulling it out of reach and taking a gulp.
He wakes up the next morning and finds that it’s snowing outside. He crawls out of bed, dragging his blanket with him and takes a few moments just to sit by the window, resting his forehead on the glass and watching the flakes drift down past the neighbouring skyscrapers.
“Seconded,” Steve says dryly from where he’s standing by the counter, cup of pumpkin spice latte in one hand and absently digging through a bowl of candy with the other. He doesn’t normally get all excessively caught up in the holidays, but he’s got a weak spot for this stuff and everyone knows it. Bucky waves across at him and Steve obliges, tossing a wrapped candy over to him.
Arto bursts into tears. He stops dead and lifts his hands up to cover his face. He feels awful, like everything in the world is wrong and he’s got no idea how to fix it.
Omari texts him back immediately with a string of exclamation points. To his surprise, Nat also texts back almost immediately, saying ‘
“I’m glad you changed your mind about him,” Steve says, and then he’s gone. Nick waits for his footsteps to fade and the door to swish shut before he allows himself to snort with laughter, getting up and walking around to slump back in his own chair.
“Yeah, while the Young Avengers are in training,” Tony points out. “He’s not moping or texting or lurking.”
“You gottit,” Steve says. “I rang school by the way. They know you’re with me. Authorised you some extended holiday or something.”
Arto makes an excited little chirping noise and promptly wiggles closer, sticking his head under Steve’s chin. Steve sighs, resigning himself to having an Arto shaped hot-water bottle for his last couple of hours.
“But it’s fun watching you get all red,” she teases. “But seriously, the whole team are back in on Wednesday.”
“They are making good Lucky Charms, just the good bits!” Arto says, twisting his hand out of Steve’s grip and instead grabbing hold of the pockets of his jeans, yanking hard.
No sooner has he thought it than he’s remembering all those times Omari has been spent time with them, Bucky carrying him so his scales didn’t get in the snow, sitting with him and playing X-box, picking him up when he fell and helping brush off the dirt.
“Okay,” Arto says, through a shuddering breath, his chin wobbling violently. More tears slip down his cheeks and Steve's heart breaks a little; he knows Arto is genuinely distressed when the tears outweigh the noise he's making. Arto sniffs hard and then wipes his nose on his wrist. Steve manages to hide his grimace by the barest of margins. Arto coughs, looking miserable. "You do it."
Tony doesn’t look up. “I know,” he says quietly. “I didn’t think and now I’m paying the price for it.”
He must sound sufficiently distressed because Bucky doesn’t roll his eyes or make a smartass comment, just gets up and starts directing. “Clint, go check comm channels and check there’s gas in the Beamer.”
“It’s pretty cool,” Clint says and whoa, his voice is still deep but it’s not male deep anymore, it’s different. “Thor says it’s not permanent. Though he’s pretty pissy with me for touching the magicky thingy he possibly told me not to touch. But on the plus side, I’ve got an awesome rack.”
He does throw the book across the room at one point, but he does go and pick it back up a few minutes later, so that barely counts as an actual explosion.
and walks over to pull Arto into a hug. Arto clings to him, arms slotted under Tony’s and his chin hooked over his shoulder. “I like the pink,” Tony whispers and Arto huffs out a laugh.
“So you were supposed to ask why I have the beautiful Ms Romanov as my companion instead of my husband,” Tony says. The reporter makes a noise a lot like Steve just did. On screen, Natasha’s mouth twitches.
Ten minutes later, and Steve stomps back into the communal area and pulls a beer out of the fridge, scowling.
Bucky grins at him and winks, but before anyone can say anything, the smile vanishes from his face like a light has been switched off. Arto feels a thrill of alarm down his spine, a very visceral fear reaction at Bucky’s face doing that, and then he hears
Avenger life calls, and Steve and Bucky are both called away to deal with some sort of AIM related mess on the West Coast. Tony is left in charge, and so makes the call to take Arto out for lunch on the second day of his grounding, though doesn’t technically undermine Steve because he says that Peter is definitely not allowed to come. Normally, Arto is in a phase of not wanting to go anywhere without Peter or Omari with him, but he seems to realize that this is either a compromise, or a get-out-of-jail free card, so he takes it. They go to Arto’s favorite place, and Tony lets him order three platters of pancakes.
“I guess I’ll let you off,” Steve says, taking the proffered string. “If my pants fall down, I’m blaming you.”
“You can’t win a gladiator fight with a shield,” Bucky says. On the TV, a gladiator with a sword does his damnest to best the hero of the story. “You need a weapon.”
“You’re not exactly normal either,” Bucky points out. “Christ, let him in before the whole city works out where we are.”
Steve sits next to him, elbows on the counter and head in his hands. “I miss him,” he suddenly says. “I am seriously angry at him, but that doesn’t stop me missing him or loving him.”
phone. It must be connected to the car’s systems because on the centre console appears a phone icon imposed over a picture of Pepper.
Bucky snorts with laughter. “Yeah, I guess,” he says, walking over and leaning into the ring to grab a bottle of water. He cracks the plastic cap off, frowning as he looks Arto over. “Well you look like shit.”
When that happens, he finds himself running to Steve’s room, clutching his book in one hand and his pen in the other. He climbs onto the bed, heart thudding sickly in his chest.
“Things will be okay,” Clint says, reaching up and down at the same time, awkwardly patting both Arto’s knee and Bucky’s shoulder. “It will.”
“Go,” Tony says, gently pressing a kiss to the top of Arto’s head. Arto nods dumbly then does as he’s told, leaving the workshop and heading for the stairs. He deliberately doesn’t look at the big crack in the door as he goes, nor does he look back to where Tony is back behind the screens.
They’re about halfway across New Jersey when he thinks to text Omari. He opens up Whatsapp, ignores the Peter conversation, types ‘
Steve is barely through the door before he’s being hit by a whirl of blond, paint spattered energy. He automatically holds the tray of drinks up above his head, reaching down with one hand to steady Arto.
“Oh man,” Bucky says, sitting down on the corner of Arto’s bed, rubbing his fingers through his damp hair. Clint sits down behind him, presses a quick kiss to the space between Bucky’s shoulders.  Bucky heaves out a sigh. “If he keeps hurting Steve like this-”
They end up sprawled on the couches, pizza boxes between them. They restart the film but don’t make much more effort to watch it the second time around. Arto licks pizza grease off his thumb, watching Steve as he stares absently at the screen, the lights from the TV playing over his profile. “Can I ask you something?”
The kid grins, looking very pleased with himself. Nick’s brows go up, and he’s never going to admit it to Stark, but he’s unwillingly amused by the parrot act. It’s like Stark’s voice coming from a small Steve Rogers, which admittedly happens with the taller Rogers more than he’s completely comfortable with.
“Lies and slander,” Steve says. He does stop bouncing Anna around though, keeping her held up with one arm. “When did you get in?”
“Watch it,” Tony warns. “That’s my husband you’re talking about. And a man who loves you very much, so stow the attitude.”
“Thank you,” he murmurs. Arto climbs back into the bed to sit next to him, his heart swelling with pride and love. God he's so stupid lucky to have the family he has.
Natasha is first on her feet, walking over to say hello. Pepper smiles warmly at her, and Tony slips his arm free as they catch up. He heads straight over to Steve, dropping onto the couch next to him and Arto, looking furtively over his shoulder to check that Pepper is still occupied.
Steve takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. His jaw is clenched, brow furrowed. “I...I’m going out for a few days,” he says.
Arto grits his teeth so hard he actually hears the noise of them grinding. When they’d been assigned the essay nearly every kid in the room had twisted around to look at him and he just knew most of them would end up writing about his dad. One shithead had actually come up to him and asked him if he could have an interview with Steve, and Arto had replied rudely enough for Logan to give him a lunchtime detention.
Arto follows him, not quite with it enough to argue. He’s now living in a mansion. Where is his room gonna be? Who else is going to be there? He asks Bucky that as they round the corner of the house.
And Steve seems to deflate, his shoulders sagging again. He rubs his eyes with his fingers, then just gives up and covers them with his palm. He swallows hard, his adam’s-apple bobbing in his throat.
“So then you get that this whole thing isn’t a complete shock,” Steve says. “Hell, when you were six you were adamant you were a shark for about a month. I love you no matter what you’re wearing or what you choose to put on the outside. And I mean, I dress up as the goddamn stars and stripes to go to work, who am I to judge?”
It makes sense, in a confused sort of way. Tony’s time in the workshop. Steve trying to get him out. Tony refusing to come out and now
“God, you’re just like Steve,” she huffs. “There is literally no reason for this to be a fight yet you’re finding one.”
“Quiet,” Bucky is saying. There’s the clinking of bottles against the counter, the click and rattle of Bucky pulling off the caps with his metal fingers.
“Thought not.” Steve looks up at the steel-white sky, breath misting in front of his face. “Let’s sleep on it. And if tomorrow morning we want to go back to New York, we will.”
Arto does. A few moments later he hears the swish-hiss of the workshop doors opening, and then there’s another body sitting close, draping itself over him and hugging tight.
Tony waves at them somewhat manically, biting down on the urge to laugh at Arto, who looks very much like a deer caught in the headlights as everyone pours in. Kate Bishop - the Better Hawkeye - is first, all long glossy hair and designer purple shades, bow in hand and smile on her face. Pietro and Wanda Maximoff come next, side-by-side as always, bickering about god knows what. Wanda is so precious that Tony feels the need to adopt her stat, and Pietro is both hilarious and obnoxious, usually leaning more towards the latter. Finally, Kamala Khan trips out, nineteen and barely old or sensible enough to be a Young Avenger, but with a heart of gold. Actually, scrap the Magic Maximoff, Tony would adopt Kamala in a heartbeat. You know, if she didn’t have a perfectly good family already.
“I was right,” Arto says, but it doesn't feel as great as it normally does. “I knew you’d done something, when we were driving up here I said I knew. ”
“Absolutely not,” Steve says sternly, reaching for him and cupping his face in his hands so Arto can’t turn away. “You are my son and I love you, even when it’s hard. You got that?”
"Incoming," Steve says, dipping the corner of a towel into the warm water then dragging it over Arto's pink blotchy face. "Sit still."
with the eleven bedrooms and two dining rooms and six bathrooms and library and gym and helipad and quinjet hangar - is pretty awesomely awesome, the pool is still the most awesome thing about it.
“So what do you want for dinner?” Steve asks, adding angry little eyebrows to his sketch of Bucky. Even if the little Bucky drawing is scowling and holding a knife in each hand, Steve’s somehow still managed to make him look cute.
“How much your friends care about you is not directly linked to how many times they try and call you,” Steve says firmly and far too reasonably. “You didn’t answer the phone. Ball is now in your court. Your move, pal.”
To his surprise, Steve smiles. “If you’re brave enough to show your whole-” he waves his hand, gesturing to Arto in some vague encompassing gesture, “-journey, then I think we should seriously consider it.”
He’s right, but Arto’ll be damned if he admits it out loud. He tugs his bag out of Steve’s grip and shoulders it, scowling. Steve seems to accept that as a response because he just starts walking, Arto following in his wake.
And despite what he said to Steve in the car yesterday, a part of him is very, very scared about finding out what Tony did.
“Actually no, the dame on the ticket desk clocked me and thanked me for my fucking service, upgraded me to first class.”
“All we’re doing is washing our face,” Steve says over him, firm but not too loud. “Step one. That’s all we’re doing, one little thing.”
“It’s not all about what a person looks like, Art,” Natasha says. Her eyes are closed, lazily enjoying the sensation of Steve kneading firm circles into the back of her skull. “It’s about what they feel and who they want to be. You can have what people know as girl parts, and still feel like a boy.”
Ten minutes later and he’s bundled up in his coat, waving goodbye to Steve at the door. His heart is going double time and he’s so nervous and scared but in a weirdly good way.
“Good,” Arto says. “Being doing an art project, and I’ve been accepted on a mechanics module, so I can do that as well as the normal stuff. Like normal maths. And like, history and stuff.”
Peter and Arto freeze, glance at each other, then scramble madly to get up. Peter lunges to get rid of the incriminating web-line; Arto dives back into bed, pulling the covers up over him; Omari grabs the pillow that had been used as a weapon, jumping to sit on the end of the bed.
he thinks, clambering out of bed and shivering slightly. It’s still bitterly cold out- not as deep in snow as Chicago but cold enough so that he’s not going to go outside unless he absolutely has to. That pool outside better be heated.
Clint looks at Arto, clearly baffled. “Jesus, Short-Round, Bucky bought it her because he thought she’d look cute, what’s the problem?"
“I know one looks like a kids’ book but it's got an adults’ guide in the back,” Steve says before he can react. “So you can read that bit? I’m not trying to be patronising or anything-”
“No!” Arto protests, but Steve is already moving. Shield still in hand, he goes over to the balcony door and opens it. Tony shoots Arto a thumbs up then arcs round gracefully to land on the balcony with the oh-so familiar thud of metal on concrete.
Meeting Tony’s eyes, Steve smiles faintly back before Arto grabs at his hand, pulling at his fingers. He looks down to take his turn and Arto makes a triumphant noise as Steve’s counter slides down a snake and ends up languishing behind, right near the start.
“I haven’t even thought about what I’m gonna do,” Clint says. “Pretty hard to top the Teenage Mutant Hero Turtle act of last year, right?”
Tony feels his heart break a lot, at that. “Because you have one father who is hyper-verbal, one who can’t deal with serious conversations to save his life, and you spent the first six years of your life with no-one but Hydra scientists to talk to. Oh, and your best friend is practically mute and your other best friend is equally as socially awkward as you?”
He goes back to the communal floor, flings himself onto the couches next to Sam. Clint is sitting on the floor with Anna lying on her changing mat in front of him; she’s still got her stupid headband on. Bucky is nowhere to be seen, which is probably a good thing considering the next thing Arto decides to say.
“Nick has one eye,” Arto tells Tony, and Tony chokes on nothing, trying to swallow his snort of laughter
Steve turned Arto so they were face to face. “In no way do I condone you punching civilians in the face,” he said, nodding obviously and vigorously the entire time. “And in no way am I proud of you for punching that man in the face.”
They get back to New York in record time, guided by the address that Bucky has sent to Steve’s phone, uploaded onto the Tesla’s console. They follow the roads not into Manhattan but further North, winding their way through small towns and open swathes of green, finally pulling up outside a huge pair of iron gates. Arto’s hanging out of the window trying to see what’s beyond but all he can see is the gravel of the drive and the curve of the hedge.
The man stood up, nearly tripping in his haste. “No, I mean we don’t need the police do we, kid, I forgive you, I should be going-”
“It doesn't matter if any character is a boy or a girl, but yes. I think he'll make an excellent pumpkin,” Natasha says, and leans back against Steve. He loops an arm around her shoulders, gives her a grateful squeeze. “Shall we ask your dads if we can go find your outfit this afternoon?”
Arto is sent to go and pack a bag. He asks Steve to help but Steve tells him no, that if he’s coming then he’s doing so under his own steam. Arto kind of gets it but wishes Steve weren’t being so very careful about the whole thing. They’re in this together by Arto’s choice; no-one's going to say that Steve is forcing him to go with him just because Steve helps him pack.
“Gender isn’t as simple as boy and girl,” she says. “He doesn’t know that. These two quite clearly haven’t grasped the finer nuances of gender, either. I’ll temporarily let him off seeing as he’s from the forties,” she says, tilting her head towards Bucky, “but I think Arto should know.”
And Steve is nodding slowly behind his hand. He swallows again and then drops his hand, trying to discreetly wipe away his tears as he does. It doesn't work; Arto knows he’s crying.
Arto is going to do no such thing. He pushes himself up and presses into Steve’s arms, wrapping his arms tight around his neck. Steve shushes him gently, one hand on the back of his head and the other arm around his middle. It’s exactly how he used to carry him when he was smaller, and it makes Arto cry even more.
“Nope. The suit in the seat opposite me wasn’t a fan but fuck that guy. I’m a veteran and it’s about time that got me some goddamn perks.”
Steve clears his throat, looks at Arto. “If you’re coming, you’re not just walking out. You're coming with me to explain to Tony that you’re coming.”
Well. Half of him enjoys it. The other half spends the journey wondering what the hell he’s got in his parenting-extortion bank to use in order to convince Arto to get out of the car and actually go into the school. Fuck, he’s going to have to bribe him with a goddamn pet fish, isn’t he? And if he says yes then Tony will undoubtedly think less ‘bowl with goldfish’ and more ‘tank the size of a couch with a multitude of tropical creatures of some sort’ and honestly, the staff at the tower have to deal with enough without sharks and octopuses added to the list.
Arto turns to gape at him, mouth literally hanging open. He turns the music down again on his phone and then grabs for Steve’s wrist as Steve goes to turn it back up again.
Steve jerks awake, bleary and scowling. He pushes Arto’s hand away, lifting his head up and blinking hard. “What?” he asks, voice rough with sleep.
Somehow, he does. Well, enough to head back up to the kitchen and paste a smile onto his face, bracing himself as Arto runs at him and leaps. He catches him just before he gets kneed in the balls, hefting him up onto his hip.
He claps Steve on the shoulder and grins and one day Steve is going to strangle Clint Barton, though not today because his son is having an increasingly loud meltdown and he kind of needs to deal with that. So he settles for rolling his eyes and heading over to the couch, standing close enough so that Arto can slump dramatically into his chest.
,” Arto tells him, shoving ineffectually at Steve’s stomach. “I want to go but I don’t so now I’m stuck.”
Arto’s eyes slide up over the store. He can see a mannequin wearing pink leggings and a light denim jacket and it has a flowy pink and white scarf draped around the shoulders. He wants to go over and run the scarf through his fingers. But between him and the mannequin there’s a group of girls about his age and they’re all giggling and one of them is super pretty and if he goes into the women’s section they’ll all think he’s gay or something and he’s
He goes to his room and throws himself onto his bed, curling up small and wishing that he knew how to make everything better.
Arto shifts around so he can see a little better, putting his back to the other wing of the couch. Anna comes and plonks herself down on his knee, brandishing a book. He leans back so she doesn’t smack him in the face with the corner, watching as Steve leans against the counter, eyes fixed on Clint. He’s got a beer bottle between his fingers, tilting it back and forth.
“Charms!” he gasps, and pours out the bowl. He looks around wildly, and then before anyone can say anything he lunges at Bucky, scrambling up onto his knee and nearly bashing him in the face with the box that he’s still holding into.
“I’ll go,” Bucky says, even though he’s sprawled out on his back on the couch with his head in Clint’s lap, Anna sitting on his chest, his hands holding her steady. “Shall we go, baby?”
“Yeah, that,” he says. His eyes flick from Steve’s eyes to his mouth, and he shifts to the edge of his chair and leans in-
– and Tony is also Prince Charming, because Arto says so. Natasha is obligingly the King and spends most of the evening bossing Tony and Steve about. She takes being in character very seriously. Bruce is cast as the Captain, and brushes up very well, but spends most of the evening tugging at his collar, fiddling with the buttons on his jacket and smiling apologetically when Arto tells him
“He is not he,” Bucky drawls, lying back on the couch and crossing his arms behind his head. “Not for another week or so anyways. Which means you’re probably going to be a lady for Halloween, right?”
He descends into tears. Steve folds him up into a gentle hug, one hand resting on the back of his head. “I know,” he whispers. “I said exactly the same things when I found out.”
“Arto, I need you to listen to me,” Steve says quietly. “When you can, I need you to sit back and listen to me.”
“Yeah, you’ve probably forgotten all the times you ran circles around us because you wouldn’t sleep,” Steve says. “Six year old you was a bit of an asshole when it came to bedtime.”
He pushes away from the window and glances down at his phone. Still no reply. He tries to take in a deep breath but can’t, instead turning and hurling his phone across the room. It hits the brick wall behind his bed, bouncing down onto his black sheets. It doesn’t break - of course it doesn’t, Tony made it - and just sits there, screen still lit up and showing the background of him, Tony and Steve at Coney Island.
Arto nods eagerly and then he's off again, sneakers crunching in the gravel as he sprints back towards Omari and Clint. Steve watches him go, stomach twisting with nerves and regret and relief all at once.
Natasha gives him a withering look. “You expect me to go on the subway when school’s still out?” she asks. “Of course we’re taking the car, unless you want to take the bike.”
“We are still very much married and in love,” Tony says with a one shoulder shrug. “But I made a tactical error and boy am I paying for it. But I would like to take this opportunity to say lesson learned. Cap, I have understood the consequences of my actions. You were so right and I was wrong and I will never, ever do anything like that again.”
He stares down at the text, wanting to ignore it but knowing how shitty it feels to be ignored. He doesn’t want to take it out on Omari. His life is rough enough anyway.
“Yeah, I know,” Steve says simply, then he sits up and leans over, picking up a plastic bag that Arto hadn't noticed was by his feet.
“You-” Steve starts, cuts himself off with an aggrieved noise. “You really want to know you call him yourself and ask, and you accept the consequences of knowing.”
“Sorry,” he says and he comes into the office. “The CIA have ballsed up, just making sure all the information is in the right place and not in the wrong country,” he grimaces. “Nick, Mi6 agreed to send the files back.”
“My nail,” Arto says, staring at it and then holding it out to Steve. “Look, it’s like torn, its peeled off.”
And Arto throws himself into the car, hands shaking with rage, barely able to see. He’s so angry he could tear something apart, how fucking dare Steve stand there and dictate to him how he’s going to live his life, what he should or shouldn’t do-
“He can’t just ignore me and then call me like-” he hurls the phone across the room. It hits the wall right next to the window and falls down behind the curtain. He turns, wanting to tip over the fucking couch, wanting to kick the bedframe until it splinters, but finds himself face to face with Steve, who simply wraps him in his arms. Arto resists for a moment but he knows from years of bitter experience that Steve’s arms are like iron bands, and so he gives up. He just slumps against Steve, tucking his arms in tightly with his hands covering his face. Steve shushes him but he needs to scream, needs to somehow let out all the misery and pain from the past weeks, so he does. He screams into his hands, pressed tightly against Steve and he’s glad Steve has got hold of him otherwise he’s sure he would break into a million pieces right there.
Arto nods. “Fine,” he says and his voice cracks around the world. He looks absolutely mortified. “Yeah,” he says louder. “Fine, thanks.”
An hour later and they’re sitting in a place that advertises itself as a ‘high-end beauty lounge.’ It’s manned completely by women and is full of women and Arto feels very out of place, sitting on a stool next to Natasha’s chair with his shoulders hunched over and his hands in his pockets so no-one can see the embarrassing state of his nail varnish. Natasha seems completely at ease, sitting back while a young girl with so-blond-it’s-almost-white hair starts on a hand massage and manicure.
Steve reaches forwards to shove at Bucky’s face, but Bucky leans back too quickly, knocking the hand aside.
Steve pauses, then lifts the sketchpad so Arto can see. It’s a caricature: a doodle of a small, unhappy looking guy with skinny limbs and knock knees, hiding behind a very familiar shield.
Tony rears back like Arto has tried to hit him, his mouth opens and then he just as quickly closes it. He meets Arto’s eyes and shrugs. “Okay.”
“Mmmhm,” Natasha says, tilting her head into Steve’s hands. “Some people feel like a boy one day and a girl another day. Some people feel like neither. Some people look like neither, or both. It’s up to the person, and you have to respect what they choose.”
“The rule is fucking stupid,” Arto snaps back before he can help himself. There’s a beat of silence around the table and then Arto pushes away from the counter and walks off, needing to just get
He does. He takes a swing at the punching bag and hears the thud with a dull satisfaction, notes the way he can feel it in his hands and all the way up his arms, even in his elbows and shoulders.
Arto nods. “Well, I’m technically not allowed to register for the actual event because I’m...well, I’m me and I’m also a minor,” he says. “Dad’s pulled some strings. I’m allowed to accompany the event, as long as I’ve got a one to one support unit and stuff. And, uh, something to do with sponsorship being donated to the City Parks Department or something, I’m not allowed to make money off it.”
Steve strides over, grabs a Tony’s upper arms and kisses him so hard that he literally dips him back like that famous World War Two picture of the sailor and the woman. They appear to be having some sort of serious romantic moment so Arto abruptly turns away, because he really doesn’t ever need to see his Dad’s tongue, thanks.
Ouch. Arto actually winces at the pettiness, knowing full well that Tony’s hatred of Steve’s car is like ninety percent a joke. He knows his dad can sometimes be stubborn and awkward but he normally does better at keeping it to a minimum around Arto.
The reporters face went from puce to a sickly grey so quickly it looked like he’d lost several pints of blood. “Maybe we can deal with this like adults?” he said quickly. “Maybe I don’t need to press charges?”
“Sir, Ms Potts is entering the tower,” Jarvis interrupts, and Tony groans, bypassing Steve’s mouth and slumping forwards to bury his face in his shoulder.
With only Steve and Arto left in the apartment, the evening feels calm and peaceful. There’s a movie talking to itself in the background and Steve and Arto are drawing on the wall, next to the scribbles that Anna made. Steve’s doing little caricatures of the team. Arto’s drawing himself riding a dragon, wearing a flowing blue dress and his pink sneakers.
Bucky barks out a laugh, expression smoothing over. “I’ll bet. Your spoiled ass will have to get used to doing things manually.”
And Arto feels his resolve crumble. He’d wanted to stay mad at Tony for forever, because being mad at him was easy when compared to all the other feelings he’d have to face, but he can't. He can't do it, Tony is his dad and he loves him and he misses him-
“Yeah, I can climb and my reflexes are super fast and I’m stronger. I learned how to make webs out of-”
Arto doesn’t reply. He just focuses his attention on his fists and the punching bag, slowly bleeding out every bit of frustration and anger with each hit, Bucky standing as a quiet supportive presence beside him.
“Good catch, Short-Round,” Clint says from right behind him. “Tree’s coming down tomorrow so she’ll stop trying to eat the baubles.”
“It means flashy, Art, I didn’t mean it as an insult,” Tony says. “Oh man, we need to get better at communicating, huh?”
He has his bath. He reads his books again. He looks through forums and chatrooms and advice sites and slowly things start to make sense. When he crawls back into bed at around two AM, damp and smelling like expensive bubble bath, he thinks he’s got it.
Steve grits his teeth. He exhales so heavily that his nostrils flare. “No. I’m not fighting. Tony. Please kindly explain what the hell is going on.”
“Whoa, time out,” Steve calls, and he’s up before he realises he’s made the decision to intervene. “Arto, stop.”
He turns away and Arto immediately feels a horrid clashing mixture of guilt at being mean to his dad and relief-slash-gladness that he’s getting his own way. He follows Tony into the workshop, peering around at the multitude of holoscreens as Tony starts shutting them down with careful flicks of his fingers.
He looks up, meets Tony’s concerned gaze. Reaches out on instinct, gently touching the crinkles next to Tony’s eyes. “I’m okay,” he says, dropping his hand. “I’m...healing.”
He may not be anything in that particular book, but he is something. He’s a boy who identifies as a boy but who likes things and maybe clothes from different parts of the typical gender spectrum. It’s so simple that it takes him a while to trust it, thinking that this whole thing has caused him and everyone around him so much drama that it really can’t be that simple.
“He likes Kate, Kate doesn’t even notice him, the world is unjust and his parents are ruining his life,” she says.
And Arto feels so childish when he reaches for Steve’s hand and asks “really?” in a tiny small voice. Fuck, he’s seventeen he shouldn’t need to be holding his dad’s hand.
“Okay,” Tony says, and takes off his sunglasses. “You are a great kid, Art. But we need to level honestly about this. How old is Kate?”
“Would you order me one of everything?” Steve asks, looking down as Arto twists around and nudges him, pointing towards the tablet. He obediently taps the dice and watches as his counter - a small green frog, by the looks of things - slides four spaces past Arto’s pink pig counter and straight up a ladder.
Oh shit, they’re getting loud. And Arto’s confused and annoyed and angry too but he cannot deal with anymore fighting, he’s had enough and he just wants everything to go back to normal. If Steve heads back towards the Tesla, Arto will be throwing himself over the hood because they are
Knowing that he’s going to be in the chair soon, he finds himself utterly entranced by what the woman is doing. He tries to keep out of her way but before long he’s asking probably way too many questions, learning more about gel-polishes and acrylic overlays than he thought was possible. Natasha endures it with a small smile on her face, even though this is probably her me-time for relaxing or whatever. Arto barely cares; he’s too excited.
“I’m happy to live wherever you and Tony are,” Steve says simply, the yawns and flaps his hand at Arto in a sort of wave. “Damn, I’m tired. I’m gonna go pass out for twelve hours, we can sort out new furniture and decorating for your rooms tomorrow, okay?”
“Alright, here we go,” Tony says. Arto hears him take a deep breath. “So. I was messing around with nanites, right? They're microscopic robots. Smaller than red blood cells, like an eighth of the size. And we cooked up a way to use them in a way that’s equivalent to the super-serum. In theory, these nanites could be injected into a person and they'd be able to fix cells, keep them healthy. Could possibly cure all sorts of diseases and...other stuff. Keep cells healthy for longer.”
Steve quickly sets hands on his shoulders, turns him around so they’re face to face. Only then does Arto realise he’s been practically yelling.
At least he thinks Steve is sleeping. He’s got his back to Arto and he’s very still, but Arto’s not sure.
Arto thinks of his unanswered texts, his panic about Anna and the fucking headband, his worry about Tony slipping away from them. He shakes his head, all of that dumb stuff vanishing when he’s faced with his dad being upset.
His head feels thick and woolly from crying and he thinks that if he sits up he’ll puke. The voice in his head is still there, rumbling in the background. It’s saying that it’s over. That he’ll be alone again. That Steve and Tony are never going to make up again.
“I,” Arto says. He looks around for a distraction. Anna’s piggy bank is on the counter so he flips open the side, fishes the coins out. It’s easier like this. Gives his hands something to do so the conversation isn't quite as intense. At least he’s talking to Clint, rather than Steve and Bucky with their super-soldier laser stares.
“I’ll fly back tonight,” Tony says. “I think I need to get it done as soon as possible. We need a fresh start after this mess, and I need to make that happen.”
Bucky frowns, sitting up. “How come you know all this?” he asks Natasha, and then looks to Clint, somewhat annoyed. “How come you’ve not told me this?”
“Alright,” Steve laughs, and gets up to give Bucky a hug. Arto’s second in line, elbowing Steve out the way so he can throw himself at Bucky.
“But I’m always difficult and I used to fight you guys all the time and I used to bite people, and I still get angry and I swear and I’m too strong and now all this, I made a scene in the gallery-”
Arto just cries harder, but Steve feels two arms wind around his middle, clinging on tightly. Steve feels a surge of helpless frustration, because he can’t just go fix the problem, or punch the problem until it goes away. He can’t even make the decision
Bucky shakes his head. “He’s not even been in the workshop since you left. He’s changed the codes, no-one can get in.”
“Well, he’s not wrong,” Tony says, pushing himself off of Steve so he can step in closer to Arto, catching his hand in one of his. “What has present Arto got to do now he’s washed his face?”
“Wait, what?” Arto demands, looking from Clint to Steve to Tony to Bucky who is still laughing, the asshole. “Steve, what does he mean? How is there a baby Bucky?”
“Yeah, you dodged a pretty gross bullet there,” Clint sighs. “Though it’s not all bad. Right, I gotta go sign the Avengerlings in. Dammit, whose idea was it to put me in charge, I hate being in charge.”
“That he is,” Tony says, sounding intrigued as they step into the medbay. Steve can’t actually find any words this early in the morning. He settles for staring. Clint’s hair is the same, short and blond, but the face is different; no stubble, features softened slightly, longer eyelashes. And Steve can’t see much through the hospital gown he’s wearing, but he can definitely see curves.
“Look, they’re sparkly,” Arto says and Tony huffs out another not-quite laugh and folds his fingers around Arto’s.
“We are. I just...I can’t tell you this one. I wish I could but I can’t. You’re still my best friend, but I just can’t…”
The whole room is shaking and smoke is pouring in. He can hear banging and clanging and he feels so very, very frightened. Where’s Eleanor? He needs to get out of here but she’s not come back for him, she said she’d come back-
“Just when I think we’ve got that kid worked out,” Bucky remarks, coming to stand next to Steve, folding his arms across his chest and leaning back against sun-warmed metal. He slips his sunglasses on, using their cover to do a casual visual sweep of the grounds.
Steve is momentarily at a loss. He can’t let Arto carry on if he’s going to hurt Clint, and he definitely can’t let Arto carry on if he’s getting tearful and irritable. However, he suspects that if he tells Arto that he has to stop playing, everything could go very wrong, very quickly.
“Couch,” Tony shouts back over his shoulder, but five minutes later, when Steve is sliding into bed behind him and kissing his shoulder, mouth still curved in a smile, Tony decides to be the bigger person and doesn’t kick him out.
“Oh, I don’t doubt that,” she says. “I doubt my ability to keep Tony calm while you swim twenty-eight miles.”
“Yeah!” Peter enthuses, all his worry about hiding his spider-powers abruptly gone now the subject’s been changed. “Fashion show! Come on, show us!”
“Alright. I’m gonna sit this side of my desk and work,” he says, pulling up a holoscreen and swiping through a few menus. “You can sit that side and work.”
Arto nods slowly, staring somewhat vacantly at the screen. Movement on the other side of the room makes him look up; Steve steps back in, looking tired. Arto and Tony both simultaneously hold out a hand, reaching for him. His mouths quirks in a weary smile but he walks over, taking their hands in his.
“Nope,” Steve says, and sits down on the edge of the coffee table. Arto glances up and his heart has a fit as he sees flashing lights and a red carpet and people in beautiful suits and dresses.
The man had gone a very funny shade of red, Steve was pleased to note. “Okay, thanks Art,” he said and turned back to the man. “I might just call Anna’s dad and tell him that you accidentally clipped her with your camera because you were invading her personal space.”
“I am your favourite,” Arto says, and taps the pen against the paper contemplatively. He hesitates then draws a doodle of himself in the bottom corner, curled up very small and sad. Steve immediately takes the pen back and draws himself draping a blanket covered in love hearts over the small sad Arto-drawing.
Arto giggles, and Tony snorts with laughter too. “I’ll thank you for it,” he says, and Steve elbows him as Arto cackles with laughter.
Clint chokes into his mug and twists to put it down before lunging towards Anna, but Arto gets there first. He darts in front of her so she crashes into his legs rather than the tree, clinging onto his jeans and treading all over his feet as she tries to keep going despite him being a pretty hefty roadblock.
“Give me like a minute baby girl,” Steve laughs. He tosses his coat aside and scoops her up again, tossing her in the air. Bucky makes a pained sound but Steve catches her as easily as he ever does, grinning at her and brushing his nose against her cheek.
“What are you talking about, your best friend is Bucky and Tony says you and Bucky are so codependent that you might as well be married.”
It's not a no, which Arto recognises and appreciates. But still, he’s not earned the label of argumentative for nothing.
He’s almost shouting again. Steve just holds out a hand, patiently waiting for him to settle back down. Actually, fuck Steve being all calm and rational, he clearly isn’t understanding just how stressful this whole fucking thing is. Arto glares at him, dragging his blanket up over his head like a hood before going back to chewing on his fingers.
Tony grins. It’s so fake, Arto can tell. “He’ll get it. Anyway, I better go. My companion for the evening is getting bored-”
“No,” Arto says, watching as Clint runs to the side of the pool, leaping up to grab the edge and hauling himself out. “There is nothing better than having an Olympic sized pool in the back yard.”
Bucky looks him right in the eye with that laser focus he has. It’s unnerving. “Look, I’m sorry you’ve been dealt another curveball, another thing that you’re gonna have to fight for,” he says seriously. “But honestly, you’re a Rogers, you’re built for fighting. Just pick your battles.”
Arto turns to a Steve, looking for some indicator on how he should act. Steve looks calm and simply shrugs, dipping his chin a nod that clearly says ‘
Peter sounds flustered, tripping over the ends of his sentences before running out of steam and tailing off. “Well, Yeah, I know,Tony said you had gone to Chicago, that was like a rhetorical question, I was just...Yeah.”
That fucking room again. It seems like every time he shuts his eyes he’s back there with white tiles and trembling floors. He would have thought he’d be having dumb nightmares about Tony and injections and nanites and things going terribly wrong, not about that stupid lab.
He swallows hard. Contemplates calling again. Feels the horrid twist in his gut turning into prickling anger, the sort which makes it hard to stand still, the sort which makes him want to scream.
Tony sighs but capitulates and within half hour he, Bucky and Steve are digging into a mountain of handmake Stark pancakes. Once he’s fed and able to focus on anything but his belly he starts thinking about the whole Steve-and-Tony making up and making out situation. He’s still distantly aches with hurt over Tony’s choice to put himself at risk, and if he remembers the arguing and shouting it makes him feel really unsteady…
“I mean it,” Tony says earnestly. “You  could start a revolution. You could single-handedly make ‘soccer-dad’ a hot look-”
The front doors open, spilling children out into the late afternoon sun. Some head for the wide open space of the lawn, some go around the side of the building towards the gardens. Steve watches the flood become a trickle, growing more and more anxious with every unfamiliar figure that passes by. Then finally, after what feels like an age, Arto appears. He's not alone; he's being carried by Clint, clinging to him like a very blond and very enthusiastic backpack. He's laughing and swinging his lunchbox around with a fervour which means Clint is dangerously close to getting a concussion. Bucky follows right behind them, sunglasses and black outfit making him look every inch the bodyguard.
seems completely inadequate, though it is kinda true. It would be the simplest way to get his point across obviously, but for as simple as it is it’s equally terrifying.
Anna reaches for him and he sighs and pulls her in. She babbles in delight, grabbing hold of his hair with chubby fists and pressing her mouth to his chin. “Yeah, okay,” Tony says, and hitches her up, a smile hitching the corner of his mouth. “Kisses, I gottit. Thanks.”
Tony goes, and finds Arto lying on his bed with his phone in hand, looking suspiciously teary-eyed. Heart breaking a little, Tony knocks on the door with his knuckles, edging in apologetically.
, he thinks idly, scraping a strawberry through the syrup on his plate. That kind of feels like where he’s at now. Not okay with everything, but getting there. Besides, he knows he’s potentially got a difficult path ahead of him, if he wants to forge ahead with wearing - well, not girl’s clothes because like Bucky said, once they’re on him they’re his clothes and he’s a boy. But his wanting to wear things that are typically feminine is going to ruffle feathers and it’ll be so much easier if he’s got both his dads in his corner.
Steve rolls his eyes, crouches down and simply picks Arto up under his free arm. Arto shrieks and kicks, but then stops flailing as Steve heads towards the elevator.
“Yes, and you hate Steve and Tony right now too. Probably me as well. But we love you, even if you’re being a stroppy, hormonal, little shit who’s attempting grand theft auto.”
Again, please remember that Arto is a teenager and is not a completely reliable narrator. What he thinks is happening may not be completely accurate as he's not got the full picture, though being a teenager he obviously thinks he does. And his reactions are very knee-jerk and emotionally driven as well.
“Tow, tow, tow,” she says happily, tiny hands smacking at his collarbones. She leans in for a cuddle, resting her head on his shoulder. The lump in his throat comes back. Maybe he should just invite Anna on the trip Tony’d got him for Christmas. That’d serve Peter right.
Then at three PM, Steve gets back in Bucky's car and tears his way up to the school, feeling oddly nervous, like he's five foot nothing and trying to blag his way into the US army all over again. He parks up and waits in the car, drumming his fingers on the wheel and resisting the urge to go in and bodily remove Arto from the building. Christ, what were they thinking, letting Arto go to school. He's not ready for school. What if it's not secure? What if someone has been mean to him, what if he's gotten upset and had a tantrum, what if he didn't eat his lunch, what if-
Bucky wears the fairy godmother outfit that they find for him without batting an eyelid, tiara and glitter and all. Clint – back to his normal self – makes an excellent pumpkin, although when he falls down he can’t get up again without help, which the others find hilarious. Steve is Prince Charming -
Steve holds his breath, very aware that, for most people, trying to leave a garage doesn’t feel like a life or death situation. Clint has one eye screwed shut like he’s bracing for impact and it’s oddly reassuring for Steve to see he’s not alone in his doubt. The car takes the ramp, slides out into the morning sun and thankfully, all Arto does is reach out towards Steve, holding his hand tightly.
Arto ignores that. Panic is rising in his throat, clawing up his spine. It’s joined by anger, too, a slow red haze that’s making it harder to breathe and talk and think. “What - what would have happened if you hadn’t got - hadn’t got the eighty-three percent?”
“He might be,” Steve offers. “I did eventually...Bucky went away to the army, right? I had to learn to be without him. But even if you and Peter don’t come out the other side exactly the same as you were, then it’s fine. Friendships change. He might be your Natasha friend. Or your Sam friend.”
Steve sits on a stool next to his chair, just like Natasha did all that time ago. He seems very at ease, like going with his son to have his nails done is something he does every other Tuesday. He’s not even wearing his baseball cap and sunglasses, which he normally does when he doesn’t want to be spotted. He’s just sitting there, watching Arto swap his pink glittery gel polish for a bright blue, tapping away on his phone.
And Arto is nodding, letting go of the rack so he can slump into Bucky instead, wordlessly asking for a hug. Bucky does, briefly wrapping his arms around him and squeezing before letting go and stepping back, making Arto stand up straight.
Steve passes him the phone. His lip is trembling and his eyes are all shiny and weird like he's gonna cry some more. Arto wants to reach out and grab his hand, but he doesn't. He's seventeen, he can deal with this without holding his dad's hand.
He does call Julia too. It’s awkward and stilted until he just snaps and starts blurting out everything he’s feeling about Tony and Peter and Steve and his own identity. Julia endures it pretty patiently, even when he’s crying and not making much sense. He does feel better once it’s all out there, and he even agrees to schedule an appointment to go see her when he’s home.
He turns down the music, looks straight out the front, staring at the brakelights of the Prius in front of them. “What did Tony do?”
Steve is up before Arto in the morning, and wakes him up by playing an excessively loud reveille through his phone, because he thinks he’s hilarious. Arto throws a pillow at him which of course misses, and Steve just laughs and walks out, leaving the bedroom door open because of course parents don't care about privacy.
“Da!” squeals Anna. Arto just stands there, dumbstruck. Bucky carefully lifts Anna out of Arto’s arms, allowing him to walk forwards onto the patio, standing at the edge of the pool.
Instead, he walks over and joins them, jumping up onto the bed and crowding up against the headboard in what is pretty much the only space left.
“I know you don’t, Baby Rogers,” Clint says easily, and he presses a kiss to the top of Arto’s head like he’s ten and tiny. “Now you coming to make it right, or does Bucky get to come down and shoot out the tyres? And you know Tony’ll make you pay for it somehow.”
“Sex is gross,” Arto mutters again, red in the face. “I don’t want - I just want to like, talk to her. And maybe. I don’t know.”
“If anything happens to my baby, I will kill everyone in this room and then myself,” Bucky says, and Clint pats his knee.
Tony rushes down the steps onto the gravel of the driveway, reaching out to put an arm around Arto’s shoulders. “Okay, okay,” he says immediately. “No fighting. I’m not fighting, are you fighting?”
Arto’s shriek of triumph is probably heard throughout the tower, utterly drowning out Steve’s attempts to keep him calm and rational about the whole thing.
Arto smiles bravely at him. “Worth a try,” he says and Steve huffs out a laugh. He holds out an arm and Arto slips out of his seat and into the space next to Steve, letting Steve pull him in for a one-armed squeeze. He buries his face in Steve’s collarbone, twisting back awkwardly to grab Steve’s arm, pulling at him until Steve capitulates and wraps him up in a proper hug.
From the depths of the bed, he hears a beep. His phone. He crawls back to retrieve it, tossing pillows aside before he manages to get it. It’s a text from La’Taya, but more importantly there’s another two messages that must have come in at some point in the night.
“It probably would have done nothing,” Tony finally says. “But there was a possibility that it could have put me in a coma or killed me.”
Arto pulls out of his hands and starts edging across the garage, looking from car to car. He hovers near Bucky’s car, though sensibly doesn’t reach out to touch.
“In the workshop,” Clint says with an apologetic grimace as Arto grits his teeth. Tony has been in the workshop non-stop for
Yeah his shoes look amazing but more importantly Tony is on the TV and Steve is staring at it and the gala is tonight and Steve and Tony have been together every year since they got married and this year they can’t because Tony is there and Steve is here.
Arto happily obliges, and Steve and Bucky turn around again. This time, Steve just nods and immediately walks towards the door, leaving Barnes to take over the video call.
“Not,” Arto replies tearfully, and reaches up to rub at his eye with a small fist. “I want to play.”
Tony is so obviously bored with the world of art within a grand total of ten minutes into the visit. He keeps walking around in circles; he moves on quicker than Steve and Arto then loops back when he’s figured out they’re not right behind him. They wander at a decidedly more leisurely pace rather than keeping up with Tony’s relentless march through the exhibits. Steve watches it all with a sort of fond exasperation. He makes no effort whatsoever to speed up, though he does keep his mouth shut when Tony pulls out his phone, dropping all pretence of looking at the art. They pass the portrait of Saint George and the dragon again, and Arto feels a strange sort of gratefulness towards the picture. He’s still in a constant state of mild panic about people questioning his sexuality, but he’s doing his best to ignore it. At any rate, the panic isn’t enough to override the joy he feels at wearing his new dress-top and trainers, so it’s okay really.
He drops the books and throws himself at Steve, almost knocking him off the edge of the bed as he hugs him. Steve returns the hug, squeezing him tight and burying his face in Arto’s hair.
He leaves the grossness and goes to find Bucky. Anna reaches for him so Arto gladly takes her, her weight a familiar comfort in his arms.
screams the headline. The rest of the page is speculation as to why they are there, an unnamed source saying that Stark has been contacting divorce lawyers, and also that Cap has taken his kid to the Art Institute of Chicago and to get his nails done again. There’s even a link for a whole story that’s apparently dedicated to Arto getting his nails done.
“You are a very brave, very amazing small super-soldier,” Clint says. “And I’m glad you told me. Thank you.”
Steve’s hand settles on his shoulder. “I know,” he says evenly, “But we have to go home at some point.”
Arto grins and Steve smiles into his coffee; he’d been skeptical when told about using massage as part of behavioral therapy, but Arto is learning how much of his strength a regular person can take, and Clint has reported a noticeable decline in bruises whilst playing so that’s something.
Arto swallows hard. If being smart means working out that bad shit is happening, maybe he shouldn't be so smart. And Tony's a genius and he's clearly done something dumb, so maybe intelligence is overrated.
“No,” Steve says. “If this is happening, I will freak out less if I know you know some more ways to protect yourself. If it ever came to that.”
“What you drawing?” Arto mumbles, inching a finger out of his blanket burrito to scratch his nose. The glitter reflects the light of the TV, a thousand pink and silver sparks in the darkness.
He doesn’t need to. He jerks his head up as he hears the sound of his bedroom door opening, and through his tears he sees Clint edging into the room. Clint doesn’t hesitate, just walks over to sit on the floor next to him, reaching out for the phone. Arto hands it over willingly. Clint lifts it to his ear with one hand, using his other to pull Arto around into him so Arto is slumped against him in an untidy sprawl of limbs, face in Clint’s chest as he sobs.
“It’s Clint. I’ve got him,” Clint is saying into the phone. “Yeah, you did great. Yeah, I’ll call you later.”
“That’s not imagination. He’s only parroting what Barton says,” Bucky points out unexpectedly, and Steve thinks back over what Arto has done and said in the past hour and realises he’s right.
“We know,” he says. “The whole of New York knows your first port of call is murder when it comes to protecting the baby.”
Okay, so in chapter one I had written that Clint is turned into a girl by Asgardian Magic. As you do. Then I had a lovely chat with a user about the terminology used, the perceptions that the characters had of this event, and basically whether Clint is really a girl just because he has the parts. I learned a lot, and someone suggested writing a sort of coda to share what I (and Arto and the boys!) have learned. I'm in no way an expert on transgender issues, but did want to share!
Arto nods. He’s desperate to get back now, wanting to see Tony and check he’s okay and packed up his extremis project as promised; to see Clint, Bucky and Anna; to check in with Nat and go get his nails done again, to get her to take him shopping; all his friends and his school and his swimming lessons. He’s got a lot to go back for, and as he thinks about it he feels both ridiculously lucky and a little embarrassed by how much he freaked out about Peter not talking to him. Though it wasn’t just that, he tells himself. He had a lot of shit going on.
Tony’s still talking, full steam ahead. “And I spoke to Pepper about it and she actually thought it would be a good idea. Because this way we get a fresh start. And this way I’m completely away from the Extremis project. The tower is work, this is home. I’m drawing a line. I mean, I still have a workshop here but that’s for personal projects.”
But despite all that, and the fact that he knows the fight between Steve and Tony is far from over...he knows he’s got both his dads in his corner and with that, things might all eventually be okay.
“Didn’t mean to,” Arto says, and he reaches out and pressed his hands to the side of Steve’s hip, pushing against him. “Accident.”
Steve’s eyes flick between them both. “Is Tony agreeing to this or are we going to have to sit on him and make him stay?”
An hour and a half later and he finally slinks out of the bathroom. Steve is up now, in the kitchen and unpacking groceries that he’s clearly had delivered. He gives Arto a flat look as Arto wanders in, and Arto maybe thinks he missed the mark on casual.
Steve walks up behind him, leans on Arto’s shoulder. “How did you know you were gay?” Arto blurts out, staring hard at the painting.
“Stop, not in front of the b-a-b-y,” Clint hisses, covering Anna’s ears with his hands. Tony chokes on his coffee and Natasha fixes Clint with a look, half despairing and half amused.
but he can’t bring himself to do it. Yeah, Tony is working a lot these days and he sometimes forgets about things, but he’s never really let Arto down. He stares at the floor and shakes his head jerkily.
“Oh, come on. He’s sixteen. He’s being secretive. He’s texting non-stop. What do you think is going on? And no, he’s not doing drugs or drinking or being a secret vigilante by night. It’s the
And Arto is laughing and Tony is grinning and looking to Steve with a small nod, a reassuring hand resting on the small of his back. For one shining moment, Steve thinks that they’ve got this, that everything will be okay.
“I’ll take my cell,” Arto says, trying to sound reasonable rather than whining. It’s a tough line to negotiate. “The GPS is on. And it’s like thee blocks.”
Arto and Omari both start yelling incoherently in shock. Peter twists around, throwing a hand out to try and calm them down. It doesn’t work because he’s hanging off of the wall eight feet off the ground.
“But you want the clothes,” Bucky says emphatically. “You can’t worry about what other people will think right now, we’re doing this for you.”
They get to the airport, and he suddenly realises that some shit is going down because Bucky is crouching down in front of Anna’s pushchair and kissing her, expression wavering. He then stands up and pulls Clint in by his shirt so he can kiss him, before promptly turning on his heel and walking away.
Arto kicks the door. Tony’s mouth drops open in affront so Arto kicks it again. It cracks, a single line splintering up from where his foot connected with the glass.
“My child is an evil genius,” Steve says, shaking his head. Seeing as Arto isn't there to frown at, he frowns at the wobbly S on the wall instead. “Great.”
“So I read some more stuff in the books and on the internet,” he says as Steve sips at his coffee. He looks better already, more alert and less miserable.
“Yeah,” Tony says, taking a deep breath and sniffing loudly, tipping his head back. “Yeah, tomorrow. We can - if you want, we can talk some more. I’ve got some things I need to-”
He texts La’Taya back and apologises for the fact he won’t be back at school. He also texts Omari a gif of a boy hugging a chicken, hashtags it ‘foryou’.
Unfortunately, backup is locked in the workshop and Jarvis is not letting him in. Arto resorts to banging on the glass in frustration again, though he holds back on the kicking front. The crack from last time hasn't been fixed yet.
He gets his tablet and opens up the old app which shows him where everyone is in the tower: Bruce and Tony are in the workshop (no fucking suprises there), Clint, Bucky and Anna are on their floor, Sam and Steve are out of the building at work, and Natasha is in her quarters. The faded logos for Thor, Jane, Pepper and Rhodey are still there, even though Arto knows they’re not living in the tower right now. Tony needs to update this thing, include a section for ‘on the West Coast’ and ‘Asgard.’
Arto slowly stands up on the couch, leaning over the back with his hands curled into the cushions. His eyes keep darting between Clint and Steve, then he opens his mouth and simply bursts into tears.
Alright,” he says, and sits down in the chair opposite his own. “So, we’ve never actually properly met. I’m Nicolas J Fury, head of SHIELD.” He holds out his hand across the desk and Arto cocks his head, puzzled. Nick drops his hand slightly. “Those parents of yours never taught you to shake hands?”
When he finds out, he goes perfectly still for around three seconds and then throws himself on the floor and starts to scream.
Peter drops to sit on the floor just as there’s a rap on the door and Steve pushes his way in, holding Anna on his hip. Luckily, she's trying her best to wriggle up his chest so his attention is on her and not focused on the three slightly shifty-looking, breathless teenagers who were rolling around on the floor fighting not eight seconds ago.
“Yes, but you can’t really expect him to focus all his energy on trying to get through to you if you’re refusing to pick up the phone.”
Steve pulls a face. “I know we were joking but can you give me time to get used to the idea of you going out without-”
“You let go,” Arto pants, trying to kick Peter's feet away. “I was having ten million crisises and you weren’t there!”
,’ look. Arto’s torn between being grateful that Bucky is kicking Steve’s ass into gear and wanting to kick Bucky because hello, Steve is sad and that’s Tony’s fault, not his.
Arto sighs and shakes his head, which is unusual considering his usual enthusiasm for dressing up at every available opportunity. Hell, Steve and Tony have taken Darth Vader, Aquaman and a shark grocery shopping in the past month alone.
“Of course you are,” Natasha says. “He’s sixteen, your job is to let him think that you’re ruining his life.”
Bucky is in the shower and Clint is putting Anna to bed when Steve wanders into the lounge and turns the channel over. Slouched down on the couch with his new sneakers on the coffee table, Arto makes an indignant noise, mouth full of cookies.
“Steve, I’m hungry,” Arto whines, pulling at the drawstring on Steve’s sweats with way too much force; Steve opens his mouth to protest but there’s a tight tugging sensation around his waist and then the string is pulled lose, clutched in Arto’s fist.
“He probably wanted to tell you that he cared but you didn’t pick up the phone,” Steve repeats. “When you get a bit older...your best friends aren’t always the ones who are there constantly. They can be the ones who you don’t speak to all the time. It doesn’t make them any less your friend.”
Tony nods. “Message received,” he says. “God, I’m so sorry, Art. I should be there with you to help.”
So he keeps his mouth shut as Bucky tugs a pair of boxing gloves onto his hands, listens carefully as Bucky tells him how to stand, how to hit. He can feel the anticipation swelling and cresting inside him, alongside all the nasty rotten feelings from the past few weeks.
“Dad, don’t!” Arto says, wriggling around to kneel on the cushions. “You’ll just get sad again and-”
Steve unhooks his sunglasses from his shirt, slipping them on and making a big deal of looking for other cars as he switches lanes. “Chicago.”
Moving seamlessly onto plan C, he turns back to his office and its curiously watchful occupant. It’s a little surreal really. He’s only ever dealt with Arto Rogers as a name in a file, as an inter-dimensional anomaly that needed to be contained. But now, six months in and the kid is officially a human being from planet Earth with a biological father and a social security number. He’s not even an interdimensional anomaly anymore –
Arto grins and then abruptly turns and slides off of Steve’s knee. “Toilet,” he says to Steve, and then passes Bucky bear to him before darting away.
“Dunno,” Clint shrugs. “Never came up. Come on, you know Nat. She knows my brain before I know my brain.”
“You’re a national treasure,” Bucky grins. He lifts his bowl of popcorn out of Anna’s way, trading her for a cut up grape. “A national icon.”
“Okay, I need to take this call,” Tony-on-screen says smoothly. He leans in and kisses Natasha’s cheek and then just walks away without another word. Natasha steps in and starts talking about the foundation but Arto isn’t listening to that, he’s listening to Steve who is still yelling.
“Not,” Arto says and reaches up to put a hand over Steve’s eyes as Tony-on-the-screen climbs out of the car. Steve bats his hand away and together they watch as Tony ignores the reporters, instead going around to the other side of the car to open the passenger door. For a brief moment, Arto panics that Tony has done something unprecedented - inconceivable, un
staring match over the kitchen counter as Arto sprawls on the couch, eating his way through a plate full of cream cheese bagels. Tony thinks Steve is just about to give in but then a spanner is thrown in the metaphorical works as Jarvis simply says, “Sir, the Young Avengers are on the way up.”
“Curse of being a teenager. You think you’re all grown up and ready to handle everything, the grown-ups in your life still see you as a kid.”
Clint doesn’t look away. Maybe being married to Bucky has developed him resilience to the death glares. “Tony has crossed a line,” Clint says. “And you know it.”
They fall quiet. Arto takes a moment to process. No wonder Peter didn't tell him, the idiot. He supposes the combined fear of disappointing Tony, Steve and Aunt May would be enough to make anyone keep their mouth shut. And...on the plus side....He's got another friend who's not just regular human now. Something else they've got in common.
Arto debates going back to sleep but remembers that they’re meant to be going home this morning, So drags himself up and stumbles blearily towards the shower. Of course that takes him almost an hour to get through, which isn’t his fault because he was dreaming about the Victoria Secrets models again, and if Steve mentions it he’s going to die of embarrassment. Regardless of fault or motive, by the time he’s washed up and done, Steve’s already packed all their stuff and is sitting sipping a cup of coffee, bags stacked neatly by up by the elevator.
Clint pulls a face. “Well, I was going to wear my sexy Captain America outfit,” he says. “Now I can’t, because it won’t be funny, it’ll just be sexy.”
And he gets his answer in the form of a warm body pressing close behind him, another set of arms wrapping around him. He starts to cry, mainly from relief.
Oh my god. Spiders and mansions and dismantling the gender construct. Life is going to be so different now.”
“Meet me in the garage then,” she says, no fussing about him acting weird, no trying to talk or give him hugs. She just tells him what to do and expects that he’ll do it, and today that seems like the easiest thing to do, and so he does.
Steve stays quiet while Arto demolishes his breakfast and for a moment Arto thinks that that's it, that they're not going to talk about yesterday.
“And on that note,” Tony says, thumping his hand against the roof of the car and earning a dirty glare from Bucky. “Have fun, boys. Learn things. Behave.”
He creeps into the master suite, spotting Steve who is lying on his back on the couch that’s at the foot of the bed. His bag is by his feet and he’s staring at the ceiling.
He swallows hard. Tries anyway. It’s only Steve hearing it out loud, which isn’t so bad. “If you forgive someone who does something bad,” he says. “They win.”
He tries to clear his throat and shrug his shoulders. Natasha just observes him quietly for a moment and then leans back into her rooms, grabbing her coat.
Pouting, Arto continues massaging down Clint’s other arm, being extra careful around his wrists. Natasha watches him for a moment and then pads over to sit opposite Clint, crossing her legs and rolling her shoulders back.
He wants to tell Peter everything. Wants to call him and admit every last little thing that’s been bothering him in the past few weeks but he doesn’t. He stares at the text from Peter, wondering if he’s out of order for being angry that Peter hasn’t even acknowledged that he’s been a shitty friend. He can’t just jump back into the picture after weeks of nothing and expect Arto to just act normal.
“You did!” Arto yelled at him. “He hit her on the fucking head and he left a mark! Nat got it all on film, even when I punched him but I don’t care, I’ll go to jail for it but so will he because he hit a baby!”
“If he wants, yes,” Natasha says. “If you’re ever watching the news or listening to people talk and you hear the word transgender, that’s what it’s about. People who aren’t just boy or girl. They might look like one in their bodies, but feel different inside.”
Out front, they can see a mini-welcoming committee: Storm is there, alongside Omari and another young student, both of them waving. Oh god, it's sweet, but really it just means they've got an audience for a meltdown.
He pulls open the door and is promptly almost knocked over by a whirlwind of arms and legs and frantic babbling.
“Surprise!” Clint yells, standing among the leaf litter that covers the tiles in the shallow end of an empty swimming pool. It’s huge, set deep into the yard, surrounded by a beautifully tiled patio.
“I didn't know anything,” Arto says, crossing his arms tight across his chest. “No-one was telling me anything.”
Arto leans back and seems to give Bucky a once over. He shrugs, but then twists around so he’s sitting on Bucky’s knee, reaching for his bowl of cereal.
He should probably draw a new family tree or something. Though with Tony so far away, he doesn’t think he can bring himself to do it.
Steve sighs, hangs his head. “Fine. I called Tony. I told him you knew he’d done something, that it wasn’t just about him being in the workshop.”
“Because he’s Tony,” Steve says with a smile that looks sad and strange. “Sometimes he’s like me, needs something big to make him see sense or change his mind.”
Well, that’s him on the next mission to the Arctic Circle. Not that there’s anything there. Maybe Nick could find something there for him to go and investigate. An angry polar bear for him to wrestle or something.
A soft chiming distracts him. For one bewildered moment he wonders which app on his phone is making that noise, then he realises that it’s
“He inherited more than just your face and super strength,” Clint agrees. “You know if you call him out on being scared he’s going to flip out.”
Change his damn mind. Please. He always knew that the best place for that kid was to be with Steve Rogers, and well. If there’s one way to make sure Steve Rogers does something, it’s to tell him he’s not allowed to do it.
Steve ignored him, though did lay a hand on Arto’s shoulder, mostly to stop Arto launching himself at the man for round two. “Arto, why did you punch him?”
“He’s sixteen, honey,” Tony says, reaching back and patting Steve’s cheek. “We’re lucky we avoided it for this long.”
Bucky and Arto both say yes. Steve hands one to Bucky and gives Arto a can of cola. Eh, was worth a shot. Steve slumps back down onto the couch and for a moment everything is quiet and calm and okay, until there’s a loud knocking sound that cuts through the apartment. Steve leaps up off the sofa like he’s been electrocuted, diving for his shield; Bucky lunges for his backpack which has been sitting innocuously by the end of the couch all weekend; Arto feels his heart slam up into the bae of his throat, whipping his head around to try and find the source of the banging-
“Clint is doing Young Avenger paperwork,” Tony says, critically eyeing the engine in front of him. “Torque wrench.”
“As long as you get Bucky his outfit too,” Steve says seriously. “I think he should be Cinderella’s fairy godmother.”
Arto holds up what looks like a one-of-a-kind Starkphone. “Went to annoy the tech department,” he says. “The phone stays here so it doesn’t get upset by your inferior tech.”
Wants him lying in bed until mid-afternoon so Arto can lounge out next to him with the sketchpad and crayons, grinning when Steve comes in to roll his eyes at them; wants him to invite Arto back into the workshop so they can tinker with his bike; wants him lying around on the couches, sharing popcorn and pulling holes in every sci-fi film they watch.
“I wanted to ask him-” Arto starts, but doesn’t finish. Thinking about the vacation and the tickets sitting on his shelf just makes him feel sick and twisted up. “I don't want to talk about it.”
Steve looks up as the elevator doors open; it’s Natasha, wearing her workout leggings and a wonderfully warm looking sweater over the top. “Good morning boys,” she says. “Massage time?”
The communal kitchen is empty when he gets down there, looking spotlessly clean in a way that suggests someone has been doing their stupid stress cleaning thing again. He hopes it isn’t Steve.
“Keep your phone on,” Steve is repeating for the tenth time. “Straight to the pizza place and back.”
Across the table, Bucky belches loudly and wipes his mouth on the back of his hand. “So, if you guys have worked this out and are gonna be chill I’m gonna go back home to my baby.”
“No they won’t, you’re a super soldier,” Peter says, starting to laugh. “The Winter Soldier drops you off in the morning, no-one will dare say anything.”
Arto drops the bag. Finally reacts. He picks up the first book with a trembling hand and rereads the title: ‘Who are you? A kid's guide to gender identity.’ The second is called ‘The Gender Quest Workbook: A Guide for Teens and Young Adults Exploring Gender Identity.’
“You’re allowed to be,” Steve says. “Just don’t drag him over the coals unnecessarily, okay? Do you what you need to do. If the friendship is important, you find a way to forgive him and you don’t keep taking it out on him.”
And before Steve can stop him, Clint’s scrambling to his feet, pulling his battered old I-phone out of his pocket and holding it up to his ear without even bothering to dial, wandering back into the lounge. Steve gets up automatically, distractedly wondering what happened to the days where he'd happily hide in the stairwell and let the others sort out Arto-related issues.
Steve catches Arto’s attention and they both move on, this time for a scalp massage that always leaves Clint’s hair sticking up every which way, no matter which gender he is or isn’t.
Arto sticks close, fingers snagging on the arm of Steve’s coat and holding on. Steve doesn’t seem to mind in the slightest, even though there’s several points where they literally bump into each other because Arto’s all up in his personal space.
Arto thinks back to yesterday, when Tony has been so annoyed at him for interrupting. He shakes his head quickly. “I’ll go get my coat,” he mumbles.
“No, I’m okay,” Arto says, settling down on the side of the bed that would normally be Tony’s. “I’m staying here.”
“What I’m trying to get at is...could it be something you do in private? Could you hide away a part of yourself like that?”
“So, you got papped,” Tony says by way of greeting. “TMZ say that hot pink is totally not your colour.”
Luckily, the universe has given him a Bucky Barnes to have his back. Bucky stomps in with bedhead and a scowl and looks between Steve and Tony before pointing between them. “Step away from the Keurig. Take any funny business away from breakfast.”
“Yeah, I’m old, laugh it up,” Steve says, tossing the remote aside. He reaches over, pulls Arto into a hug, rocking them side to side, swaying so far that his feet tip off the floor, one after the other. He does that for a while and then states the obvious by saying, “I’m not going.”
“So. First I didn’t think I had to tell you squat about what I was doing in the workshop,” Tony says without preamble. “Then when I realized just what a fucking idiot I’d been, I didn’t want to tell you.”
Holding onto that thought like a beacon, he stops himself crying and pulls himself together. And when he climbs out of bed, fetches his new books and starts to read, it feels like it's the bravest thing he's ever done.
“No way of knowing, I guess,” he says, and Steve thinks back to Coulson and his suggestion that they go and see Xavier. He stays silent for the moment; he’s unsure how he feels about the suggestion, and doesn’t want Tony deciding and then trying to push him to agree with what he wants. Going down that route is just inviting a fight, and Steve’s not sure he can handle fighting with Tony again so soon.
Arto reaches out automatically and claps a hand over Omari’s mouth. He’s shaking head to toe, quite clearly completely stunned. Honestly, Arto’s not much better but he’s grown up with the Avengers so weird is kinda the default setting.
So at just over 4k this is the shortest chapter I've written in years, but the story kinda naturally broke itself up here and also this was exhausting to write. Quite enough feels for one chapter I think.
“Okay you are not allowed to talk to Tony,” Arto says. He’s not above begging, mostly because for some reason the idea of Peter being all pally with his Dad right now makes him want to scream. “Please,
Arto shoves the phone back in his pocket before Steve actually takes it off him. He picks up his fork and goes back to poking at his dinner, not remotely interested in vegetables. He wants to eat pizza and donuts and the box of pop-tarts that he knows Clint has hidden in the back of the kitchen cupboard.
“More like twelve, with traffic,” Steve nods. He looks down at the console, pulling a face at it. He doesn't say anything though so Arto leaves his music on, slumping down to look out of the window. He can see the Hudson sparkling in the sunlight, beyond that the buildings and skyscrapers that make up the edge of New Jersey.
He’s hovering on the other side of the glass, repulsors flaring bright against the dark of the night sky. Arto can only stare, now feeling like his heart has upped and left his body entirely.
Omari laughs, going to sit on Arto’s bed. Peter pokes his head back out of the closet, looking sheepish. “Sorry,” he says. “For waking you up, and for the whole ignoring you thing.”
Arto opens his mouth, shuts it again. His eyes feel hot with humiliation and confusion. He’s scared.
Arto does and then goes to find his own phone. He gets as far as having Tony’s number up on the screen but then chickens out and types out a text instead, which is probably a shitty thing to do but whatever, he’s exhausted and if he calls Tony he’ll definitely cry.
“No,” Arto snaps back. “You can’t even be nice to me in the ten minutes you see me every day before you fuck off back to the workshop.”
“Yeah,” Arto says. Steve's phone buzzes and Arto scowls. His dad gets more texts than him, how stupid and lame is that? He's normally texting all the time but now it's barely anything.
“Okay, okay, calm down,” Steve says. “Let me look.” He flicks through the book, stopping at points where Arto has scribbled things out. “Alright, you’re trying to find a label? Yeah, okay, and you decided that none of these fit you. You know you don’t need a label right?”
“No, no,” Steve says, reaching out to run a hand over Arto’s hair. “Not at all. It’s not about winning. Especially not with someone you love. I guarantee, for as shit as we feel right now, Tony will be feeling worse. I wouldn’t consider that winning.”
He stays in the car, quietly watching. He's debating what to do when Arto looks over and spots him. The way his already-happy face lights up makes Steve forget all of his doubts and worries, Arto's clear delight making him feel like a million bucks.
His pathetic excuse for a social life taken care of, he leaves his phone on the floor and goes to find Steve. It’s gone ten AM so he expects Steve to have been up for hours already, so it’s a shock to find Steve still in bed and fast asleep.
“So the first thing you need to know that the age of consent in New York is seventeen,” Tony says. “That means that seeing as you are under that age, anyone sleeping with you could be prosecuted.”
Steve doesn’t question it so Arto takes that as his go ahead to talk to Peter and Omari about everything. Which he does almost immediately, getting a three way StarkTime - not as catchy as FaceTime but Tony will just not be told - conversation going. There’s the usual startup issues, with three of them all trying to talk at once but once they get the hang of it, Arto’s free to spill the beans, telling them all about Tony and Steve and his tentative plan to come home. Omari’s scales do that thing where they all fluff out in a happy little ruffle. Peter makes an inarticulate noise then starts talking at eight thousand miles per hour, gesticulating wildly and clearly delighted.
They settle down for lunch in the cafe, even though several members of the public have spotted them and a couple are either staring or trying to discreetly take pictures of them on their phones. His initial reaction is anger, wanting them to go away, though it’s followed by a less angry ‘
They both fall quiet and Arto lets himself just sit and stare as the city gives way to suburbs, and finally wooded green spaces, punctuated with tiny towns. The scenery whips by as the car eats up the miles; Steve is driving faster than Arto has ever personally experienced, though the others - mostly Bucky - have told him plenty of stories about Steve driving like a madman.
Arto nods. Thinks about all the feelings he’s currently keeping on lockdown: thoughts of Peter, thoughts of that damn pink headband. They’re currently filed as unimportant seeing as his attention has been monopolized by Steve and Tony’s fallout, but they haven't gone away completely.
Arto shakes his head, so Steve hedges his bets and simply bends down to pick him up. Arto goes without a protest, leaning tiredly against Steve’s shoulder for a moment before pushing back, blinking and looking around.
“Of course I do,” Steve says into blond hair that smells of organic pineapple shampoo - the only goddamn shampoo that Arto will tolerate at nearly thirty goddamn dollars a bottle, which Steve doesn’t need to remember right now because he’s stressed out enough as it is. “How do you think I feel every time I go on a mission? I want to go do my job but I don’t want to leave you. I know how being stuck feels.”
“Him ignoring you for weeks is a dick move,” Steve agrees, glancing up from his phone. “But I think you’re in the wrong if you’re sitting there expecting him to expend loads of time and energy into grovelling.”
He’s interrupted by Arto’s phone ringing, of all things. Arto pulls it out of his pocket and his heart promptly tries to backflip its way out his ribcage.
Steve looks up over at Tony who just shrugs. With that astoundingly helpful response, Steve opts for capitulating, letting Arto pull him around the car to the other side, climbing in and belting up. He waits, on tenterhooks, and then Arto appears back around the other side, clambering into his booster seat.
“I told you, parents don’t go to school, that’s just lame,” Tony calls, walking over to smack a kiss onto Arto’s cheek. “We stay here and tidy up the mess you made, ready for you to make a brand new mess when you get home.”
And it does seem to think that Steve is going to lose his marbles over it, which doesn’t make him feel great.
“Whoa,” Tony says, holding up a hand. “Whoa, are you still mad about- okay. Yeah. That’s on me. I was working.”
“Little bit,” Steve says, coming in and grinning at Anna, tugging his gloves off so he can buss her under her chin. “Hello baby girl.”
Stomach twisting up in a knot, Arto glances down at the book, helps Anna turn a couple of pages. She’s a comforting weight leaning back against his chest, and she still smells of baby even though she’s growing so quick. God he’s glad she’s here.
“So I’m not going to shut down the Extremis project but I am going to hand it over to Sue Storm. Richards. Whatever.”
“Just tell me,” Arto says. His heart is going quicker than it was, starting to race against his ribcage. He feels like a frightened mouse, some small creature that's being held in place by giant, unfriendly hands.
He says it without an ounce of shame, and Nick genuinely doesn’t know if he’s being trolled or not. “My pleasure,” he says. “I like the kid. Not so much when he’s talking Stark at me, but he’s a good kid.”
“Gone to get groceries,” Clint says, leaning in to gently kiss Anna’s head. She sits up at that, grinning at him and waving, shoving the fingers of her other hand into her mouth. “You okay?”
“Atta boy,” Tony says, smiling as he leans in the doorway, watching as Arto buckles himself in. “You’re great.”
“Pass,” Tony says. “Look, Bucky and Clint are taking you, just like we decided. You have to take Clint to school because he can’t read or do math. You’re his only hope, kiddo.”
“You called me, that was the right thing to do,” Omari says, slightly louder. It’s like he’s taking control. “Arto, where are you?”
Arto can barely get his brain working to comprehend what Bucky’s going on about. “He’s moving out?!”
Steve shakes his head and sits down heavily on one of the steps. His elbow is level with a felt pen scribble of S T E E V E E that really shouldn't be on the wall but no-one has the heart to get rid of. "I know he's nervous, but he wants to go. He woke me up at 4am to tell me he was ready to go."
Actually, Arto was texting Peter. Peter had replied to the shoes picture with a series of exclamation points and now Arto is stuck trying to make up a text for Peter that doesn’t come across too angry or needy, and one that requires Peter to text back because he doesn’t want the back and forth to end.
“Where is he?” he asks without preamble, pulling his helmet off and leaving his hair sticking up every which way. “I’ve been thinking about it since I went, and I can’t just let him go on feeling awful about it-”
He hangs into the revelation like its a lifeline, clinging to the idea that it's even okay to be a certain person now and change his mind later on. If next week, month or year rolls around and he decides he does feel more like a girl than he does now, then it's okay. If he never feels anything differently then that's okay too: he can stay as a boy who likes wearing all sorts of clothes, including the ones that other people might say are for girls.
“Yeah,” Peter says, coming over to sling an arm around his neck. From his other side, Omari reaches out to pat his hip consolingly. “It’s not like all bad though, right?”
“Sure,” he says, leaving his bagels temporarily unattended as he goes over to kiss her. She leans into him, nuzzling into his shoulder in a hug which leaves him covered in jam.
“Because he’s been running you round in circles since ass o’clock this morning?” Bucky offers. “Want me to take his lunch?"
“Sounds like a plan,” Tony says immediately, and if flying all the way to Chicago didn’t prove just how much he wants to make things right, volunteering to go to an art gallery certainly does.
Steve laughs and extricates himself from Arto's arms, handing over his lunchbox. "Okay, okay," he says. "Go on then, Omari's waiting for you."
Bucky’s mouth twitches, like he knows exactly what Arto is after. “Okay. I think they're bright, which suits you and the glitter is great. But a lot of people are going to start looking at you because you're blurring traditional gender boundaries and a lot of people are going to say it's gay as shit.”
“You’d have to ask him,” Steve says. “Though I wouldn’t bother asking Clint, he just says he’s Bucky-sexual which is probably not the most useful answer.”
“He wants to,” Clint says. “He’s fine, he’s been away from her on missions before. And besides, we leave you two unattended and you’ll end up slobbing around all day feeling sorry for yourselves.”
The snow is coming down pretty heavily by the time the cab pulls up at the block in which the penthouse sits. Arto nails Steve with a snowball right between his shoulders, but Steve doesn’t retaliate, just ushers him inside.
The reporter sank back into his chair. For a moment he looked relieved but then his gaze narrowed, suspicious. “I’m not afraid of your lawyers.”
Steve turns away from him, looking out of the window. His eyes seem to bright. “I-” he begins, falters. “I don’t want to imagine a world where you can’t,” he says. “I know you’re young and right now you have every right to feel angry and upset, but that will go away.”
“I know you’re trying to do the right thing here,” Tony finally says. “But you cannot jump in here without knowing the full story. You’re getting it all backwards. I promise you, I would not be spending this much time in here if it wasn’t super important-”
