“So you have found someone crazy enough to replace Janine? I wonder how long will he last,” the woman completed with a sneer, before letting him pass and saying in her radio “Freak's here. Bringing him in.”
Sherlock had given him a chance very few Omegas trapped in arranged bonds had ever had. The chance to find a person to love of his own choice. True, John would never be able to bond or marry with them, hence the necessity of limiting himself to betas, but with a bit of luck and a lot of honesty and understanding, he might find the right person, such as a married beta who couldn’t get a divorce, maybe.
He had never established an emotional connection with John. With the exception of the bonding heat, their couplings had always been quick, passionless affairs. Coleman had always taken John from behind, and left the bed as soon as he was finished, not caring if his Omega had reached or not his completion. In the beginning, when John had been young and full of hormones, he had found release and even a degree of satisfaction in those cold couplings, but as the years passed, sex with his bond-mate had ceased to have any appeal and had become a dreaded task. He had just lay there, took it and prayed it would end soon.
“A fourth?” Mrs. Hudson commented as John heard someone walk up the stairs. A moment later a man with iron- gray hair came into the room, his breath slightly hurried.
Phone call ended, Mycroft closed his eyes, remembering the first time he had been informed of the existence of the Royal Harem, one of Britain’s most guarded secrets.
.” He looked away, turning his head to face the wall. “I’m sorry, John,” he said with a flat, clipped tone. “You weren’t supposed to ever hear that. I apologize if I made you uncomfortable. I promise you I’ll never mention it again, nor I’ll try to act on my feelings.”
“This is just a mugging,” Anderson said with a superior tone, as Sherlock knelt near the body and examined it. “The aggressor attacked from behind, the victim resisted and the killer cut his throat. No need to involve to our favourite psychopath—oh, pardon, sociopath.”
“I live upstairs,” the other man explained as he started climbing the stairs with John following him.
He turned back to face the desk and said, “You know, you have distracted me too.” He saved the update to his blog and switched off the computer. Then faced Sherlock again and continued, “I think we should retire and distract each other senseless.”
The door bell rang, distracting John from his thoughts. He ran down the stairs to see who it was as Mrs. Hudson had gone to visit a friend in Wales for a week.
“Oh. So how do you know Sherlock is one and what you had to do? Did he told you he was turned or-“John didn’t complete the sentence as Mycroft laughed. “What?” he asked, a tad irritated.
Now it was different. John was no longer depressed, his limp had gone and he had a job besides following Sherlock on his cases. He was not sure if things would continue with Sarah, given how their first date had gone, but no matter how it went, John was grateful Sherlock had not trapped him in another loveless, cold bond.
John had been turned on by the feel of Sherlock’s soft fur and by the sight of his muscles moving beneath it and his hands had itched with the desire to turn Sherlock’s moans of relaxation in moans of desire.
The Alpha frowned. He had never cared about people’s feelings. The Work was the only thing that mattered to him, and he had no qualms with manipulating others by playing with their emotions to get what he wanted. Yet, somehow, her cared about John’s feelings. It was important for him that John was happy. But how to know? Should he ask John? What if he got a “no” as answer? What if John wanted more than he could give?
After sex, all traces of dominant, fiery Sherlock disappeared, leaving behind an affectionate, gentle man, starved for closeness and affection. John thought it was because Sherlock had not received them since his father’s death, and had silently sworn to do his best to provide his lover with everything he needed.
His Alpha gave a last final, strong push and his knot slipped inside John, pressing hard against his sweet spot.
Had John loved Coleman? Was he still mourning him? It didn’t seem so, as Sherlock hadn’t noticed any of the signs he usually observed in grieving people, but John was very private and he may mourn when he was alone, hidden from Sherlock’s eyes.
John was about to open the newspaper when Sherlock reappeared in the room, dressed in his coat and scarf.
He watched as Sherlock examined the body and went to knelt near him when he was asked for a professional opinion. Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to say much about how she had died, except that it was some kind of poison—which was something the police and Sherlock already knew.
Their lips met in a kiss that was curious and sweet and tender. A chaste first kiss that left Sherlock wishing for more—which was granted with their second kiss, when John parted his lips, inviting his questioning tongue into his mouth
During the first two months after that terrible day at Bart’s, John had been crushed with grief, the pain of losing the man he had come to love with all of himself almost too strong to bear. Then one morning while he was showering, the hot water making his natural scent more intense, he had realized his body fragrance had not changed.
“My brother has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he elects to be a detective. What might we deduce about his heart?” Mycroft asked him.
“I just told you. Majors was killed because he was mistaken for a homeless and my network’s report confirmed my early hypothesis. There have been four murders among the homeless community in the past 50 days, five if we include Majors’. There is someone preying on homeless people and according to my calculations he should strike again soon. Maybe as soon as tonight or tomorrow,” Sherlock explained with a bored tone, as if he thought John was taking too long to understand.
So he had stepped inside the bedroom, shed his bathrobe, lowered onto the bed and taken Sherlock’s shaft in his mouth.
John’s eyes widened and he remained still for a moment, before he caught up with Sherlock. “Vampire? Did you really say that?!” he exclaimed.
John poured a generous amount of liquor in two glasses, gave one to Mycroft and then moved to sit on his armchair, silently inviting the other man to use Sherlock’s.
His heart had almost jumped out of chest at the sight of Sherlock on the bed completely naked, legs spread, as his strong hands moved up and down his nicely-sized cock and fondled his balls.
After having spent his life having sex with men who had cared little or nothing for him as a person and treated him only as an object or a status-symbol, John wanted to know what making love really meant and felt like.
Tensing his ears John heard indistinct talking, then the door closed and Sherlock climbed back at a more sedate pace.
Heart hammering in his chest, John had left the bathroom and walked toward the bedroom. He had been about to knock, when he had heard a moan come from behind the door. An unmistakable moan of pleasure.
However, Anthony Majors’ murder didn’t belong to the unsolved cases list—it was just the solution couldn’t be made public. John loathed the idea of labelling it a failure to please Donovan and Anderson, especially after what Sherlock had done and risked to catch Majors’ killer.
Thus speaking, John stretched across the bed to pick the tube of muscle relaxant he had given Sherlock for his shoulders. Then he slid down Sherlock’s body, kissing the hollow of his neck, nibbling his collarbone, licking and sucking his nipples, leaving a damp path with his lips and tongue until he reached his leaking cock.
When their parents had married, they were both known to be the children of two couples who had met while working at Baskerville Research Base during WWII. What they hadn’t known was that their parents had unknowingly been object of strange experiments during the years spent in the facility, experiments led by an unscrupulous doctor named Frankland, a pioneer in DNA studies and genetic manipulations. As result both Mycroft and Sherlock had got a double dose of modified genes. Mycroft had turned out perfectly normal, physically speaking, but Sherlock…Mycroft had been never able to understand what Frankland had tried to obtain when he had mixed human DNA with Alpine Ibex genes, but the results of such experiments were visible in Sherlock.
“Four,” Sherlock corrected her from his place near the window. “There's been a fourth. And there's something different this time.”
John looked at her with disgust as they followed her toward the entry of the building. He murmured to Sherlock, “You should have her reported. She is a disgrace to her office.”
His brother was determined, ruthless and skilled, and the capture of the Mayfair Ripper, the serial killer who had bloodied London for years at periodic intervals had just been the latest of his successes.
“You are gorgeous, you know?” John said breathily, as he knelt near his bondmate’s hips. “Very sexy.”
First of all Sherlock had noticed that all of John’s Beta dates were women. Was it possible that John was a monosexual liking only females, but obliged by the system to against his nature to bond with Alpha males?
John walked to the bathroom, disrobed and went into the shower, turning on the cold water. The chilly jet killed his arousal and he switched to the hot water to wash himself.
It was just another morning at Baker Street, with John reading the newspaper and Sherlock stretched on the couch, deep in his Mind Palace, when Mrs. Hudson entered the flat carrying the mail. She put the envelopes on the mantel, all except one that she handed to John.
“I'm not implying anything. I'm sure Sally came round for a nice little chat and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees.”
“John…” Sherlock panted back, looking deeply into John’s eyes as he gave an almost violent push with his hips and stilled.
The realization stunned him. He had seldom hardened so quickly while kissing and certainly never after having already come.
John mentally added a deep baritone voice to the characteristics he admired in the other man. Then he turned on the seat to face him better and asked, “How could you say those things about me if you hadn’t read my file?”
“Very good,” John replied with a bit of professional pride. He stood up and straightened, wondering where his Alpha was going with that line of inquiries.
“Of his vampire nature. Of what he would become without someone to teach him how to control his instincts. Vampires are faster and stronger than humans, and Sherlock’s temper tantrums were quite bad; Mummy was afraid of what would happen if he had them as a mature vampire. So she sent Sherlock to a very strict boarding school, where she hoped he would learn to control himself. It only served to make Sherlock more rebellious and more unconcerned about was deemed “appropriate” and “socially acceptable”. Mycroft sighed again and continued. “During the summer of his 15
“But it’s not true! It’s my task to keep him happy and satisfied, not the other way around!” John exclaimed. “I could never betray him! Aside from the fact I love him, I’m his Personal Companion—betraying him would be a crime, punishable with jail.”
They remained like that for a long moment, gasping for air, covered with sweat, exhausted and exhilarated. Then, John reached out to caress Sherlock’s sweaty back and the younger man raised his head to look at him.
In that moment two officers arrived carrying a stretcher and a body bag. John and the others watched in silence as they worked to remove Majors’ remains, until Sherlock suddenly exclaimed “Wait!”
John looked at the folder. They could tell the truth to Sherlock and kill any lingering hope he might have to meet Irene Adler again, or they could tell him the lie about the witness protection and leave his hopes alive. The first option appealed to John’s jealous side, the other to him more caring and concerned side.
“I’m going home now,” he said softly, not looking at Sherlock’s face. “Try not to get yourself killed.”
Sherlock ground his teeth, wishing he could be more like Mycroft, and live following his brother’s creed; caring was not an advantage. He knew that most people thought him unfeeling and inconsiderate, but it was just a facade, a wall he had built to protect himself from insults, disgust and pity. However, it wasn’t a perfect wall, because kind words could easily crack it. Sherlock wished it wasn’t so. He had learned the hard way people lied and shouldn’t be trusted.
It also felt too personal to write about other things concerning his bonded life, which had turned to be far better than he had dared to hope based on his previous experience. He could go out and make new friends, and get back in touch with old ones as Mike Stanford, something the possessive Coleman had never allowed him to do, not even while on leave. He could go to the pub for a drink or to watch a match, and well...he could also date.
He nodded. “Yes, just worn out. I’ve…never come twice in one encounter,” he blushed deeply. “And you?”
Now, as he waited for the other man to recover, anxiety crashed over John as he started second guessing his decision. Had he done the right thing? Had he been too bold? Would Sherlock be upset that John had helped him because he had not been able to bring himself off?
The gesture had touched a chord deep inside him. He had known from the start John wasn’t an ordinary Omega; he wasn’t whiny, clingy and boring as Sherlock had always thought his kind would be—and it had nothing to do with his neutered status. It was just because John...was John. John, who had been so moved by Andrew West’s murder and the fate of his Omega, left without her bondmate because of her own brother’s actions.
“No. The union between a vampire and a human has only a 1 chance out of 50 to give birth to a vampire. Sherlock was the first vampire child Father had sired in his 300-year-long life.”
John hesitated for a moment then asked, “May I be so bold to ask about your...condition?” he tried to be as delicate as possible.
Sherlock who had told him he was a predator but drank from blood bags as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
“I’m a consulting detective,” a deep voice said, making him jump. John realized he must had talked aloud. “Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
Sherlock smiled under the spray of water as he thought of John’s delighted expression at his praise, but then frowned slightly as he remembered the man’s next words.
He should have least checked that in the folder the manager had offered him. He wasn’t an expert in these matters, but he was aware it was a proper thing to at least know the name of the person one was about to mate with.
As soon as John’s surprise vanished, he realized Sherlock had disguised himself as a homeless man, and a drunk one too by the way he walked.
The mattress was narrow, barely able to house two grown men, so they had to press close to each other. It was absolutely perfect.
“Because I am.” John smiled briefly before sobering again. “I did a lot of thinking in these days and in the end I came to the conclusion it doesn’t really matter what you are. You are still Sherlock, my crazy flat mate and best friend.”
, John thought, irritated with himself. He wasn’t gay! He wasn’t even bisexual. He spent years in the army, surrounded by men of every kind and he had never felt attraction toward any of them. Yet, he had stopped denying he felt something for Sherlock, something friends didn’t feel for their mates. He was attracted to his aloof, tall, pale, beautiful flatmate. He had accepted it. Problem was he had no idea of what to do.
The only chink in Sherlock’s armour was his desire for companionship. He wasn’t like Mycroft, happy to live alone, away from the goldfish he had to deal with on daily basis. Sherlock, despite his disdain for idiots and social conventions, wanted someone to share his life with, someone to return home to.
Sherlock felt like preening at the compliment, then frowned. The Omega knew who he was... and he had no idea of the other man’s name.
As a doctor, John felt reasonably sure to declare Sherlock was neither the psychopath Donovan and Anderson thought him to be, nor the sociopath his Alpha claimed to be. John believed Sherlock was in the autistic spectrum, probably an Asperger, possibly never treated as such. His lack of social skills, lack of friends, strange postures, eccentric and repetitive behaviours, were among that syndrome characteristics. John felt that a few people – like Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade – instinctively knew some of Sherlock’s most unpleasant behaviours weren’t done on purpose, but most people didn’t.
He wanted to clasp the man by his shoulders, tell him he was sorry for having been afraid of him. That he knew Sherlock wouldn’t hurt him nor go around hurting other people.
On his back, Sherlock was covered by a short-haired brownish fur, perfectly mimicking an Ibex coat. This fur stretched from his neck down his back, to the back of his knees; on his arms, it stretched to his elbows. He also sported a short tail, always hidden by his custom-made trousers and blazers.
His Alpha was an untidy, lazy git who couldn’t be bothered to fetch his own computer from his bedroom, let alone to go out to buy groceries or cleaning up after his messes. John had soon ended up doing most of the chores around the flat, inwardly wondering how Sherlock had ever managed to live alone all that time without learning a thing or two about housekeeping. Maybe it was because Mrs. Hudson, despite her frequent reminders she was not their housekeeper, was often found in the flat, dusting, cleaning and tidying up.
John suddenly wondering if he had met some of them in his life, maybe at the uni or in the army...The army where he had trusted his life in the hands of his companions, counting on them to keep him safe. Would have he trusted them had he known there might have been a vampire among them?
After his visitors left, John limped back to his bed and reclined with his hands behind his head. What had just happened wasn’t surprising. He had known when he had received the letter summoning him to the London Breeding House that it was just a matter of time before he was paired off again. Neutered Omegas were uncommon and highly sought after by those Alphas who were not interested in breeding.
The people on his way quickly moved aside to let him pass without even thinking of stopping him, even if the man’s behaviour was not appropriate for the club. They all knew how scathing his tongue could be, and nobody wanted to be at the receiving end of his deductions. Nor to be in the path of his long, pointed and dangerous looking horns.
He felt irritated at himself, because he had not yet been able to let go of the memories of what had happened that very day, four years ago. The image of Janine in bed with two prostitutes was still so fresh, still able to cause him pain even today, when logically he should have felt only pride in himself and his accomplishments.
“Just an observation,” Sherlock said. “If the killer wanted to mask the murder as a mugging, why did they dropped the booty in that bush where it could be easily found?”
And now here they were, under the threat of sniper rifles and with the prospect of an explosion as only possible way out.
Sherlock bristled as his hands gripped the edge of the desk so tightly his knuckles turned white. “Do you think this will make me feel better? To have someone near, not by choice but because he isn’t free to choose? To see the horror on his face every day? Or maybe his pity…’look at the poor man, unable to find someone willing to share his bed so they had to give me to him’…Yes, what a great prospect.” Sherlock’s ears were flattened against his skull and he had lowered his head, as a ram ready to charge, against his brother as he instinctively did when he was angry.
Sherlock looked straight into his eyes and spoke quickly, “I know you're an Army doctor and you've been invalided home from a war zone. I know you had a previous bond which lasted about fifteen years, and that you had your O-Gland removed as a teenager. I also know you've got a brother who is an alcoholic and recently walked out on his wife.”
He removed his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders and used them to frame the other man’s face, obliging him to look at him.
“John,” Sherlock repeated and then lowered his face and kissed him. There was nothing gentle in it: it was deep, rough, desperate—and John responded in kind, too dazed to realize it was the first kiss they had ever shared. He poured all his love, longing and loneliness, wanting to make his Alpha understand how much he meant to him.
Sherlock wrapped his hand around his erection and pumped slowly, making sure to apply pressure on the places where he liked it most. He then slid his hand lower and squeezed his balls, pulling them a little. Then he returned to concentrate on his cock again, from base to tip, sometimes pausing to rub the sweet places on the head between his fingers.
When they separated, Sherlock made a needy sound and embraced John, pulling him close as he rolled them on their sides. John hugged him back, his face pressed against Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock rested with his back against the door, trying to calm his thundering heart. The room was similar to his own, so there was nothing to distract him from looking at the form writhing on the bed.
Sherlock nodded and John moved away, to give him room to divest himself from his t-shirt and pyjama bottoms. John got quickly rid of his own clothes and soon they were both nude.
“Me? Yeah, fine. I'm fine. Fine,” he answered still pacing. “That, er... thing that you... that you did, that, um... you offered to do... that was, um... good.” It was far more than good, but he expressing sentiments had never been his forte. He counted on John to understand what it had meant to him that John had been ready to sacrifice himself for Sherlock. Without pressure, without second thoughts...
“John...do you...do you agree with this?” Sherlock managed to ask between gritted teeth, struggling to control himself for a while longer. “Do you want...this bond?” He really didn’t know what he would do if John said ‘no’, but he knew he needed to ask.
John watched, his eyes moving from Sherlock’s still face to Mycroft worried one and back to Sherlock's, as the blood kept dripping in the slack, unresponsive mouth.
way. How kind you can be when people comes here asking for your help. How dedicated you are to your job. How much you like to play violin during rainy days. How you like to sleep curled on your left side and how…irritated… you were the day the Mrs. Hudson replaced your ultra-flat pillow without telling you, even if, of course, you never raised your voice with her. How devoted you are to your friends and yes, to your brother too. How the cold, emotionless and caustic front you show to the world is just a facade to protect yourself from being hurt. Tell me, did Irene Adler and Janine Hawkings know all of this? Did they really know
He reached out to the bedside lamp, but Sherlock stopped him. “Listen, what I said before, John, I meant it.” He said, looking straight at John’s eyes. “I don't have friends. I've just got one. You.”
He had always believed the tales about blood-sucking creatures on which Bram Stoker had based his novel ‘Dracula’ had originated from people suffering from a rare condition called Porphyria. People with this illness could suffer of severe photosensitivity with erythema, psychiatric disorders causing strange behaviours, and blisters and necrosis of the gums, which made their teeth look longer. It was easy to guess what a fear such symptoms could have caused in ancient times.
"Good." John felt his eyelids grow heavier and more difficult to keep open. "Do you mind if I crash on you?" he murmured. "I want to talk more, but I'm too exhausted...”
For a few seconds Sherlock considered what a fantastic cover being a Personal Companion would have been for a criminal mastermind as no one would ever think about such a possibility. But then he looked in John’s distressed eyes and realized Moriarty had played him. This wasn’t a meeting between equals. This was an ambush; whose reach became clear when John opened his jacket to show it was strapped with sentex.
John didn’t need to check the calendar to know what day today was. It was the second anniversary of the last time he saw Sherlock. He knew both Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade would come to visit him and would try and keep his my busy in what it was supposed to be the second anniversary of his Alpha’s suicide.
There was no pressure when he was alone with himself, no need to satisfy his partner, no need to speed up things or slow them down according to someone else’s desire. It was just himself, what he was and what he liked.
“Yes...he has been wounded to his neck. I don’t know with what, but he is losing a lot of blood and he is barely conscious. I wanted to take him to the hospital, but he said they can’t help him and to call you,” John explained running a hand in his hair as he looked at still form of his friend.
When John woke up the next morning, it was already 10am, but since it was Saturday and he didn’t have to go to the clinic, oversleeping wasn’t a problem.
“Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine,” the other man replied, but Sherlock could see he was shaking. Without wasting time, he knelt to remove the sentex-packed jacket. The position allowed him a better view of the explosive and the zip, and also reduced the risk of accidentally hurting John with his horns.
What Sherlock had said was so incredible—almost inconceivable. How could he ever think of putting his personal wishes before those of his master? It went against everything that he had been taught and everything he had ever lived by.
Once inside, John closed the door shutting the world outside, and gave all of himself to the extraordinary man who was Sherlock Holmes, detective, vampire and the love of his life.
“Yes. You said ‘I’m your brother not your confessor’ during the conversation, so brother it is. Then there is the engraving on the back of the phone. Who is Clara? Three kisses says it's a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. Must have given it to him recently, the model's only six months old. Marriage in trouble, then – six months on he's given it away. If she'd left him, he would have kept it. Sentiment. No, he wanted rid of it. He left her.”
They walked away in an amicable silence, side by side and in sync as if they had been doing this for years.
John smiled gently at Mrs. Hudson, and followed his Alpha up the stairs, moving slowly due to his limp and cane.
John nodded slowly, “Yes, I can see how my behaviour led you to draw the wrong conclusion, but back then I didn’t know you as well as I know you now.” He smiled before continuing, “Now I know how grumpy you’re in the mornings before you get your cup of tea. How you karate the fridge if you don’t find your breakfast ready. How you like for things to be done just
“No,” Sherlock pressed, his tone urgent. “Listen to me a bit longer. It was more than fear, John. It was doubt. I felt doubt.” Sherlock paused and looked at John, trying to see if the other man understood how shocking the experience had been for him. “I've always been able to trust my senses, the evidence of my own eyes, until tonight.”
Despite the late hour, Sherlock wasn’t sleepy. He thought about getting up and going to find something to read, but as he shifted in the bed, the silk sleep pants Molly had given him for his last birthday rubbed sensuously over his member, causing it to stir and lengthen.
Moriarty smoothed his clothes. “Westwood. Do you know what happens if you don't leave me alone, Sherlock? Do you?”
year, Sherlock matured as a vampire. Mummy home schooled him until he learned to cope with the change, which happened quite fast. In fact, aside from the blood bags now stored in his bedroom, nothing would indicate he wasn’t a normal teenager. There was even an improvement in his temper. He was calmer, less resentful against me, more relaxed. Both he and Mummy were happier, now that the dreaded moment had come and gone without any tragic result, and I too felt as I could stop worrying.”
John hugged Sherlock with both his arms and legs and rocked his hips in time with his bondmate’s thrusts.
Colonel Coleman had been a forty-six year old widower when he had bonded with John, then twenty-two. Coleman had needed to get bonded in order to retain his command and John had been happy to be paired with him, especially after the Alpha had said he could join military life and become an army doctor. With the exuberance and optimism of his young age, John had been certain his bonded life with Nicholas would be happy.
“Both.” Sherlock replied, taking off the gun and aiming at Moriarty. He studied him, but it was clear someone else was holding the sniper rifle aimed at John, ready to make the sentex explode.
Nightmare, Sherlock thought. He stepped closer to the bed, but then hesitated, unsure about what to do. There were two distinct schools of thought about nightmares, one saying the sleeping person had to be awoken, the other stating the opposite. Both were supported by valid arguments, so which one was the correct one?
“John?” he said roughly, as another wave of want to invest him. He was straddling the other man on his hands and knees and the only thing he needed to do was to lower himself and push inside his more than ready companion. His arms shook with the effort to resist the pull of his instinct as he waited for a reply.
“You can’t?!” Sherlock almost snarled, leaning forward on the desk. “This has your fat fingerprints all over it.”
"No!!" John shouted, searching frantically for a pulse. It was still there but far too weak. “You can’t do this to me Sherlock,” he babbled in a broken voice as his tears started to fall. “You can’t tell me that and then die…You can’t…”
John had been close up and personal with many of Britain’s leaders and other influential personalities. He had always been liked by his assignments, because what he didn’t have in looks he made up in charm. Along the years he had served several temporary masters, but two stood out. One was a Doctor Stanford, an authority in cancer research, a kind elderly man John had been assigned to for five years. Stanford had treated John more as a son than as lover. Best of all when he had discovered the younger man had a keen interest and aptitude for medicine, he had enrolled John in university and paid for his medical studies. John had been devastated when he died, killed by the same disease Stanford had tried so hard to defeat.
Yet, despite all the odds stacked against him, despite the drugs he had used to dull the pain and silence the rest of world during his twenties, Sherlock had grown up to be an exceptional gifted man, and to build a good life for himself. He had graduated with laude in Chemistry at Cambridge and then used his interest in criminal investigation and his skills at deduction to became a consultant for Met police.
John’s eyes danced from a man to the other, curious to see what will happen next. It seemed to him that Sherlock was trying to make Inspector Lestrade pay for having banished him from crime scenes.
Mrs. Hudson, the landlady who believed John was an old friend of Sherlock in economic hardship, had seen him pale and had patted his back and comforted him, “You’ll get used to it, dear.”
“The killer attacked Majors because he thought he was a homeless sleeping in the park. He hunts homeless people knowing the police won’t investigate much if one of them turns up dead.”
“They were dropped there during the night, as they are dry and not wet as they would be if they had been dropped before the evening watering of the flowerbeds.”
Once in the living room, Sherlock closed the door and after pacing back and forth a couple of times, he stopped in front of John and said, “Vampires do exist, John—although they are far different from the creatures described by Bram Stoker and his successors.”
“We’ll start with discovering what job Majors did and if he had enemies. I’ll call you when we start the interrogations. Anything else?”
All in all John was feeling happy about how his life was shaping up. He had the freedom to come and go at his leisure, to explore London and discover how much it had changed since he latest visit, and Sherlock treated him as a flatmate bordering on friend, with no orders and no commands.
“Because Moriarty had snipers ready to kill you, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade if I didn’t jump. There was no other way to stop them from pulling the trigger.” Sherlock answered softly.
Besides, Mycroft Holmes was the most generous patron of the club, and his financial support was more than worth his younger brother’s lack of manners.
He also went to Sherlock’s bedroom to put away the fresh pyjamas he had laid out for him and to remake the bed, smoothing the covers he had thrown back.
Sherlock smiled back, quite a spectacle since his fangs were still exposed, and lowered his head to lick the wound on John’s neck.
Sherlock rose to his feet, painfully but without too much effort. John did the same then put an arm around Sherlock’s waist. Together they walked toward the exit, just as far away sirens heralded the police arrival.
“You let me love you, and that’s what really matters to me. For the first time in my life I had sex because I wanted it... I made love and this is a memory I’ll always cherish,” John said, bringing Sherlock’s hand to his lips and kissing the palm.
After her departure from his life, his hyperawareness of his body, his desire – was it desire? – for closeness had transferred on John, the man he trusted with everything he had. His devote companion and partner.
John suppressed a smirk when Anderson deflated and looked on as Sherlock walked away from them, moving slowly as his eyes scanned the ground.
He then cleared his throat and said, “Thank you, John.” Then he grinned in a wicked way and added, “Watch now.”
“Hello, John. I just came to see if you would like some company and cheering up since Sherlock’s return has been postponed.”  Molly smiled as they started climbing the stairs, “Don’t look so surprised. I know how you feel for Sherlock... anyone that knows you is aware you love him—everyone but Sherlock, that is. Which it is quite funny considering how observant he is about everything else.”
The discovery had made John giddy with joy and he had almost run down the stairs to tell about it to Mrs. Hudson. But then something had stopped him.
When John woke up the following morning, the flat was still empty and, as the day progressed, be began to worry.
John thought. He would have liked to go to the crime scene, to see if real life investigations were similar to those on TV.
They surrounded the metal slab where the body was as Molly reported her findings. “Majors died from bleeding out,” she said looking at her notes. “There was only half a litre of blood left in him. The cause of the blood loss was a deep wound to the neck, but there is something puzzling in it.”
Sherlock licked his lips at the sight of those too bright blue eyes locked with his own. He became suddenly aware of the massive erection he now sported. It had been years since his flesh had been aroused to such a degree and he didn’t know what to do. Or better, he knew what he had to do but...Sherlock shook his head again as he took a tentative step forward.
John nodded, feeling his heart flutter at the sheer amount of trust he could hear in Sherlock’s voice. His hope that one day his master might decide to trust him in a more intimate way stirred again.
Mycroft shook his head. “No. Otherwise I would have used my blood to heal Sherlock. It would have acted faster.”
John smiled at the mental image of child Sherlock with an eye patch and a wooden sword and tapped a finger on the plastic bag. “He'll be OK with this ...witness protection, never seeing her again ...he'll be fine.”
It had been then that John had realized that somehow, in the year he had been bonded with Sherlock, his feelings for his Alpha had changed. The night Mycroft had called him to let him know Sherlock had accepted a cigarette after identifying Adler’s body and thus was at risk as far drugs were concerned, was the night John felt jealousy for the first time. He felt angry at the idea Sherlock might resort to drugs to cope with a stranger’s death.
“John,” the House’s manager, a Beta woman in her fifties, began with a beaming smile, “I’ve good news. We’ve found a new mate for you!”
It felt fantastic and John didn’t want it to ever end—but of course it was impossible. They were too excited to make it last.
When it was his turn, Sherlock went to the bathroom and discarded his clothes, letting them fall on the floor. He used the mirror above the sink to take a look at his back, noticing that his fur was full of black spots. He idly wondered if that scorched hair would fall out, but it was just a passing thought. He stepped inside the shower stall, set the water to be as hot as he could stand and leant his forehead against the tiled wall.
“All right, Brother. I’ll bond with one of them. Will you be able to find one quickly? I suppose they are quite uncommon.”
He was lost in musing as he travelled toward the new chapter of his life, his final, permanent assignment as Personal Companion.
Sherlock climbed the stairs to the first floor and opened the door of his and John’s room. He came to a halt as soon as he stepped inside, taking in how the moonlight filtering from the half-closed curtains bathed the twin beds and the figure sleeping on one of them. John was on his side, curled in a foetal position, looking smaller than he was.
“Mine," he snarled with a voice he barely recognized as his own, "You're mine!" Sherlock thrust a final time, forcing his knot inside his Omega and bit down on John’s neck, breaking the skin and holding tight with his teeth as his body convulsed and he ejaculated. He was overwhelmed by a primal, feral feeling of success, of possession and he let go of John’s skin to roar out his pleasure.
Sherlock ignored the folder. “I don’t care about personal. I want this to be over as fast as possible and return to my life. God only knows how many interesting cases I’ve already missed because these idiotic laws.”
So far he only knew his name was Sherlock Holmes, and that he was tall, lithe but strong, generously endowed and with pale, soft skin. He had dark, curly hair, a face that while not being classically beautiful was extremely attractive, and lovely, almond shaped, changeable eyes. He was undeniably handsome and John knew many an Omega would kill to be bonded to such an Alpha.
What Mycroft had told him about Sherlock’s childhood after his father’s death had touched him deeply. Poor child, left alone without a guide, with a mother than instead of comforting him pushed him away, and a brother that, while trying to help, couldn’t really understand him. As John saw it, it was almost a miracle Sherlock hadn’t turned into the monster his family was afraid he would become. It was a testament to his inner strength and John felt a surge of love for the younger man. He silently vowed that if Sherlock would allow it, he would show him all the love and care he hadn’t received until then.
Sherlock stared down at his hands, as he consciously relaxed the grip of his fingers, “And you’re also sure I can’t refuse?”
Sleep crept over him, and John didn’t think about it until later in the morning when, seeing Sherlock was currently awake, he asked, “Did you go out at sunrise? Around 5am? I heard the front door open.”
“The bathroom is in that corridor and your bedroom is upstairs. Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, changed the sheets and cleaned it yesterday,” his Master said gesturing with his elegant hands. Then he walked straight to the middle of the room and said, “Come John, sit down. We need to talk.”
Five months had passed since that night, and John’s longing had kept increasing, because he wanted to be more than friends with Sherlock.
Sherlock sat down on the bed, reaching out with a shaking hand – oh, he was trembling, why was he trembling? – to touch the Omega’s calf. The skin was hairy, but also soft and warm and he couldn’t resist the impulse to caress it.
“Perhaps the killer was afraid the victim would be able to give an identikit,” John suggested. “Or maybe it was a sadist.”
John must had sensed his distress, for he pulled away from their kiss. He took Sherlock’s face in his hands and murmured, “There is no need to be embarrassed. I might be ready to live in chastity with you for the rest of our lives, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to be upset if you feel like doing it.”
John was frustrated and lonely. Sherlock had just phoned to let him know his return from Berlin had been delayed due to new developments in the case he was following.
“He cares about you. He kidnapped me, tested me and then deigned me worthy to be your bodyguard. I was chuffed to death.”
Sherlock had started to wonder what it would be like to have sex with John without the frenzy of the heat. Would he like it? He had just vague memories of their bonding heat, as his mind had been completely overpowered by his instincts and body needs. He was not keen to repeat a similar experience as he didn’t like to lose control in such a way, but he would like to try again in normal circumstance, if only for experiment’s sake. To see, to know first hand what all the fuss about sex was about.
John didn’t tell him he knew about it. Instead he smiled and replied, “You know I like danger—and I trust you.” He leant forward until only a few inches separated their faces and whispered, “Please Sherlock, I want to share this with you.”
Sherlock thoroughly explored the hot cavern, memorizing the taste of his love. John responded to him with the same intensity and soon they were devouring each other mouths and moans.
“No,” came Sherlock’s muffled voice. John turned his head and saw he was kneeling near a thick bush, his face almost swallowed by the branches. “This wasn’t a mugging with murder, but a murder masked as a mugging.” He stood up holding something in his hands. Lestrade and John walked closer and saw he was holding a wallet and a phone.
John had watched mesmerized with the way Sherlock’s muscles had bulged and relaxed beneath his pale skin as he worked to bring himself to climax.
He had thus discovered Sherlock was terribly intelligent, but prone to rapid changes of mood. There had been days spent in absolute silence and others in which Sherlock had talked non-stop, telling John about the experiments he was running and how he had once identified and classified 243 different types of tobacco ashes. It had been in that occasion that John had learned what his master did for a living: he was a private detective—or better, a consulting detective.
He straddled Sherlock’s hips and stretched atop of him, both of them groaning as their erections pressed together. Sherlock and bucked against John, seeking more stimulation, as his arms surrounded the smaller man.
Sherlock watched as John left the room, head bowed and shoulders slumped. A part of him felt the irrational need to go after the other man and tell him everything would be fine. But his more rational self knew it would be only wasted breath or, worse, it might raise John’s hopes again, making him long for something more, something that would never happen, for Sherlock had no desire to disappoint yet another person he cared for, nor did he want to get hurt another time.
In the taxi on the way home, Sherlock was silent, lost in deep thought, so John didn’t ask him any questions. He contented himself with throwing looks at his friend, until he realized he was behaving just like Molly had done shortly before.
He ignored the bills and opened the letter from the ministry with a bit of concern. What if they wanted to bond him with someone else? He knew it would be impossible, of course, as his bondmate was still alive, but such revelation would ruin Sherlock’s cover.
Sherlock sighed deeply and crossed his arms over his chest. “I don’t approve of exploitation—and I don’t like the idea of forcing my will on someone who has no choice but to obey me.”
The steam left the shower stall as the door was opened, interrupting his musings. Sherlock made to turn around but two hands posed on his shoulders, stopping him.
“I was thorough this time,” Mycroft confirmed. “It would take Sherlock Holmes to fool me, and I don't think he was on hand, do you? So...What shall we tell Sherlock?”
When Coleman had died, John’s scent had changed to his un-bonded one within three or four weeks. But his current scent still marked him as being bonded with Sherlock—which meant Sherlock had to be still alive. Heat beating faster, and looking for a confirmation to his theory, John had used the mirror to check the back of his neck. The scar of Sherlock’s bonding bite had been still silvery, not a pale, faded white as the one left with Coleman. It had been another proof Sherlock was still alive.
Silence fell in the cab, as John digested what he had just head. Then he exclaimed awed, “That... was amazing.”
“Nothing you won’t like, I promise,” John teased, because they both knew he would never do anything to upset Sherlock.
There was nothing John could do to avoid it, short from killing himself—which he had discovered in the past months he wasn’t able to do. So he nodded and rolled up his shirt sleeve, stretching his arm toward the orderly, so he could administer the injection that would trigger his simulated heat.
Curious about the nature of Mycroft’s summon, John left the flat, leaving Sherlock working on some experiment.
“Of course you would never think of it. It’s just useless “sentiment”...” John let go of his shoulders, suddenly feeling exhausted and defeated. Whatever vague hopes he may have entertained to have a deeper relationship with Sherlock were shattered by the awareness the other man couldn’t grasp even the most basic meaning of caring for other people.
“Oh.” John commented, surprised. Excluding Harry’s gender, everything was spot on. “How did you do that?”
The look on John’s face was Sherlock’s breaking point. Before John could react, Sherlock surged up, embraced him and then they both fell back on the mattress. Sherlock rolled on top of John, and began to rock his hips, sliding his hard erection along his lover’s.
Now and then John would raise his eyes from the newspaper to throw a look at his flatmate, just to make sure he wasn’t doing something dangerous or somehow damaging for himself and the kitchen. Just the previous week some unidentified body part had been forgotten in the microwave and burnt to a crisp, filling the flat with a nauseous smell of burnt flesh that had lingered for days.
John thought that this potentially very embarrassing and humiliating situation could be a good occasion to show Sherlock he was loved—no matter what.
Lestrade nodded as John felt a familiar surge of admiration for Sherlock deductions. He should be used to them by now, but his friend’s unique ability to see what the others failed to never stopped to awe him.
“When Sherlock was ten, an old vampire enemy of Father broke into our house. He had discovered Sherlock’s existence and wanted to kill him as revenge against Father. Father arrived in time to stop him, and there was a terrible fight. Father managed to kill the attacker, but was mortally wounded. Before dying, he asked me to look after Sherlock—which I’ve been trying to do since then, although not always with good results.” Mycroft smiled weakly.
“A bite?” Lestrade exclaimed. “What kind of bite?” “I don’t know,” Molly answered, shrugging. “It’s quite confusing and well…I’ve an idea, but-”
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock growled, raising his hands and starting to pace. “I didn’t ‘attack’ that man because he was a bonded Alpha and I wanted to steal his mate.” His expression turned into a grimace of distaste. “I blocked him because I deduced he was about to rob an old lady of her purse! Obviously!”
Sherlock would rather be celibate for the rest of his life than oblige John to submit to something he didn’t want.
As he soaped his front, Sherlock thought about the previous evening. After completing his experiment, Sherlock had hesitated before leaving kitchen, concerned John would try again to convince him to make use of his
Sherlock groaned aloud when he felt engulfed by that hot, wet cavern and John started a sucking motion. He threw his head back on the pillow and closed his eyes, getting more and more animated as he felt the familiar tightening in his belly and balls.
John wasn’t overtly irritated with Sherlock’s behaviour and his habit to order him around, because he had noticed he did that with everyone, Lestrade and Molly Hooper included. He was not an Alpha waiting to be attended by his Omega, just a selfish but still likeable slob…although the people actually liking Sherlock, as far as John could see, could be counted on the fingers of one hand. That made him a bit sad, if not angry.
Lost in his musing, John hadn’t noticed his partner leave the kitchen and approach him, so he almost jumped at hearing those words so close to him. He recovered quickly and turned to look at Sherlock’s scowling face.
Sherlock lowered his eyes. “I didn't imagine you would feel like this. I just saw a strong man, full of life and passion. I presumed you would be like all the people I met in my life, especially after you tried to seduce me in the shower….”
Sherlock and John were both checked by paramedics, which found only minor bruises and scratches, and then sent home to rest. They didn’t need to be told twice and soon they were on a cab directed to Baker Street, both wrapped in glaring orange shock blankets.
Groaning, he wriggled down the bed on his stomach as John admired his furry buttocks and twitching tail. Sherlock retrieved the phone from his dressing gown pocket and squinted at the screen.
“Now that this is clear, and since you’re as stuck with me as I’m with you, I believe we can make it work. We can be flat mates and who knows, maybe one day we could also be friends. But first, you need to learn some ground rules.”
The front door slammed open and John raised his eyes, his hopes surging “Quick, Mycroft, we are losing him!” he shouted.
They sipped the drinks in silence and, now that the danger was over, John had to fight a smirk when he saw that always-impeccably-dressed Mycroft was wearing only a set of grey sweats, the kind of clothes John had never thought to ever see on him.
The confrontation that had followed had been nasty and Sherlock had erased most of it, but for the crux of the matter: Janine had hired two prostitutes because she was tired of a passionless lover. She had been tired of Sherlock’s gentle and methodical loving. She had wanted to be ravished, to be conquered, to be dominated and since it was clear Sherlock was not going to do it, she had taken action to get what she wanted.
Sherlock’s relaxed mood had thus disappeared, and dinner had started as a rather tense affair. However, by the time they had cleared the table and throw away the boxes, his mood had improved and the rest of the evening had been spent in amicable silence. John had watched a movie while Sherlock had answered to his emails, solving four cases, deleting fan mail, and resolutely turning down a request from a Japanese doctor to examine him for the book he was writing.
Sherlock’s arms surrounded his back as John relaxed against his chest, basking in his scent as he listened to his heartbeat. John felt himself grow sleepy and was about to succumb to slumber when Sherlock spoke.
Sherlock fell silent, as he contemplated the situation, although he knew he really had no choice. He had suffered too much in the past at the hands and tongues of heartless people to consign a poor, innocent man to a life of abuse.
Sherlock who had offered to wipe his memory and make him forget everything had happened that night...
The unseeing eyes blinked once, twice and Sherlock seemed to snap out his trance-like state. Surprise bloomed on his face as he looked down at his captive.
He had gone into that room only intending to do what he was required to do as quickly as possible, and return to his life as nothing had happened. But now, looking into those expressive eyes and hearing that name made him realize something he had pushed into the back of his mind since Mycroft had first proposed this solution.
“Look at him, dashing about,” Mrs. Hudson commented, with a mixture of fondness and reproach. “My husband was just the same.” She patted John’s shoulder, gave him the newspaper and added, “But you're more the sitting-down type, I can tell.”
“Do you want to go on?” he whispered against Sherlock’s lips, as he gently ground his body against his lover.
Sherlock let out an agonized moan. “John…” he breathed, looking slightly desperate, “come here…I need to come…”
“Not yet, Sherlock.” John looked down at the unbelieving eyes, “Making love is much more than just achieving release as it was during our heat. It’s losing yourself in the pleasure your body and your partner’s can give you. It’s not just a headlong rush to orgasm…do you understand it?”
Passion mounted quickly and they grabbed at each other’s back and arms, pulling the other closer as they kissed. Soon their hands moved beneath their clothes and the first touch on Sherlock’s skin – as soft as he had imagined – made John moan as his desire rocketed. God! How could he have ever feared his body would not react well at being with a man? He had yet to see Sherlock naked and he was so hard he was aching.
“John, the truth is I’m not interested in sex. I don’t like it, I don’t understand it, I don’t care for it– never have and never will. So please, don’t berate yourself. It’s not your fault, it’s exclusively mine and I’m really sorry for the pain I’m causing you. And now, if you will excuse me, I’ve to go to Bart’s.”
He took several deep breaths to calm his excitement, and then he resumed his activities. He slid his palms along Sherlock’s sides, following the curve of his ribs, down to his abdomen and to his lower belly, where his lover’s hair was thicker. John’s fingers combed the soft dark curls, then he tugged at them, that little bit of pain he knew Sherlock would find pleasurable. His lover’s hips arched up as his still neglected cock became even harder, a clear drop of fluid appearing on its tip, and rolling down the shaft. John caught it with his index finger and brought it between his lips, wantonly tasting it, as if he was savouring expensive champagne.
As the number of Omegas – both Full and Neutered – was currently inferior to the number of Alphas, the law dictated that any Omega losing their mate before reaching their fortieth birthday had to bond again. John had become a widower one month after turning thirty-eight, so the government had given him one year to find a new mate on his own. He had failed to – in truth he had not even looked to find someone, as he was too busy with trying to learn to adapt to civilian life – and thus the government had stepped in and found him a mate.
For a moment Sherlock wondered what kind of Alpha John’s late bond-mate had been. Had John been emotionally tied to him? Had they been intimate on regular basis? Sherlock mentally snorted and pushed the thought away as irrelevant. That was the past, and this was the present. He was sure John would adapt to him and his new life with the same quickness he had lost his psychosomatic limp.
Sherlock looked at John and saw that he too understood they only had a chance. There was only one possible decision they could make.
“Uhm…yes. I was just thinking…Why would he care about her fate? He despised her at the end. Won't even mention her by name, just 'The Woman'.”
“I know and I’m still not interested,” John said with sincerity and determination. “I like living with Sherlock, I think he is a wonderful human being and I’ll never betray his trust.”
He hadn’t done it. Because Sherlock had told him long ago he didn’t want sex and John’s actions would have betrayed the trust the other man had in him if he took advantage of his discomfort to seduce him.
“It looks like a human bite. Someone with very sharp teeth ripped this poor man’s throat apart and, apparently…drank his blood.” Molly sounded almost apologetic, as if she couldn’t quite believe what she had said and was expecting a bad reaction to her theory.
By now John was used to Sherlock’s moods and behaviours, but he was surprised his friend had not wanted to witness the suspect’s interrogation.
Sherlock stopped and turned to stare at him, serious. “I most certainly did. Because I’ve come to know you. Unlike my brother, I didn’t need to test you to know you would come to help me, although I was expecting you to tackle or punch the guy. The shot was a delightful surprise.”
What if something had happened to Sherlock? What if the other vampire had attacked him? He guessed it was exactly what Sherlock had hoped when he had disguised himself as a homeless, but what if things hadn’t gone as planned?
“Well, Sherlock needs to learn that for some people, for most people, sex isn’t everything and that he can have a lasting loving relationship even if he isn’t a good lover. You can be the one to show him this, John—but keep in mind this: make your move only if you’re certain of your feelings and your ability to commit to Sherlock in spite of everything. Because,” and Molly’s brown eyes hardened, “Hippocratic oath or not, I swear I’ll kill you if you cause Sherlock’s heart to break another time.”
John’s military side rebelled at the mess, while his Omega side liked the warmth and cosiness of the place. It looked like a real home, completely different from his bedsit or Coleman’s cold flat.
John did as he was told and sitting on an old but comfortable armchair. He watched concerned as the other man paced in the room, clenching and unclenching his fists.
He quickly dispelled his upset. It was the middle of the night and John had not known he was going to return; there was no reason the other man should have waited up for him.
Lead by his instinct, Sherlock stretched along John’s back and nuzzled his neck, until he found the place where his Omega’s scent was stronger and ripe with need and willingness. There was another scar there, one his dazzled brain recognized as a previous bond-mark and Sherlock growled with fury at the thought someone else had been there before him.
Sherlock bantered with Moriarty as he searched for a solution. He had been an idiot to come here alone, now he could see it. Now the only thing he could do was to try to save John and himself...especially John, because he was an innocent victim in the game he had been playing with Moriarty.
“Don’t call me Master, John. You know I don’t like it. I don’t like to be reminded that I own you…that you are considered a possession,” Sherlock said with a frown.
The flat Sherlock showed him was a chaotic blend of old and new pieces of furniture, of books and papers scattered on every available surface and chemist equipment on the kitchen table—which made him wonder again about his Alpha’s profession. There was also a real human skull on the mantelpiece, a bunch of envelopes stabbed with a pocketknife and a violin case on an armchair.
From the moment he had heard Jefferson Hope say that name, Sherlock had longed to know who Moriarty was, because the idea there was a person who sponsored serial killers had been so intriguing.
“I’m glad I chose well, Mas-Sherlock. From now on, if you allow me, I’ll take care of all your meals. I’m a good cook, you know? It should be something you’ll be able to appreciate and that will make me useful to you.”
He watched from behind the yellow tape as the man was put on an ambulance and taken away as paramedics and DI Lestrade fussed over Sherlock. He listened with some concern as Sherlock listed what he knew about the shooter and witnessed the very moment his master realized it had been John. He saw his expression change from professional interest to awe.
“Good!” Moriarty said with enthusiasm, “Very good. Isn't he sweet? I can see why you like having him around. But then, people do get so sentimental about their pets. They're so touchingly loyal. But oops! You've rather shown your hand there, Johnny boy.”
“Sherlock, run!” he urged him. But Sherlock couldn’t listen to him; John was his friend and he was part of his herd too.
The voice that answered him sounded very alert considering it was 2am and people were usually sleeping at that time.
Incredulous, he had confronted Victor and the truth had come out: the other boy had never been interested in him, he had just wanted to win a substantial bet against his best mate Sebastian Wilkes, who had dared him to “bed the freak” and prove it.
Making his mind and having a plan calmed John, but he remained so embarrassed and off kilter for the whole day that he didn’t confront Sherlock about the previous night escapade. But he didn’t forget the episode and by evening he had formulated a plan of action.
John was expecting a positive answer, as the case sounded rather intriguing, and thus was surprised when Sherlock shook his head.
John climbed on the mattress and knelt by his side and soon Sherlock felt his hands on his back. A part of him was ecstatic to be touched by the man he longed for, but the other was just too sore to appreciate it.
Their first kiss was brief, gentle, tentative. They shared a smile when they separated, then dived again in each other’s mouth, the following kisses deeper and intense. If John had expected Sherlock to be inexperienced, he soon changed his mind, as the other man knew exactly how to move his lips and use his tongue.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he's up to.”
When the man failed to appear, John walked to the top of the stairs and looked down: Sherlock was huddled against the wall near the door and his harsh breathing was filling the hall.
John was in his pyjamas and bathrobe and raised both his hands, showing two tubes to Sherlock. “I would like to check your back, Sherlock. This cream should help with the sting of the burns, while this one is a muscle relaxant. If you want, I could give you a massage; it should help you to relax and allow you to sleep more comfortably.”
“As long as I need to,” Sherlock answered, finishing his meal and walking to his bedroom, leaving John to wash the dirty dish and cutlery.
A light bite on Sherlock’s right nipple made him groan aloud, so John repeated the action. This time the resulting groan sounded more like a growl and when he tried it on the other nipple, John got a definitive, animal like growl as response.
Sherlock opened the door and silently entered the room. When his eyes adjusted to the little light filtering inside from the stairs, he saw John was in bed, asleep but thrashing and moaning.
“Well, you are. Very much so.” John smiled and reached out to take Sherlock in his hand. He stroked slowly, watching avidly as Sherlock closed his eyes and rocked his hips.
“There is nothing to say. Just stay near my brother.” Mycroft smiled and stood up. “Time for me to go home as I have an early meeting in the morning. Sherlock should wake up soon and I’m sure he would appreciate if he could talk with you in private. Don’t hesitate to call me should you need anything.”
The idea of having been gifted to the strange but unique man of the photos filled him with both concern and expectation. On one hand, there was the concern about what kind of person his master was. On the other hand, having a master would mean from now on he would have to serve and please only one person, because a Personal Companion was just what the name implied—personal. Companions were personal gifts and laws prevented the receivers from renting them out for cash or things like that.
When he came down from his high, John realized Sherlock was still hard and moving against him. He opened his eyes and the expression on his lover’s face took his breath away: he had never seen such a need before. But there was also something else in the lines around Sherlock’s eyes and mouth, in the tension of his body. It was like he was trying to control himself, to hold back even now his hips were practically slamming against his own.
“He's not like that,” John replied, more defensive than he liked to sound, “He doesn't feel things that way, I don't think.”
Mycroft was silent for a while, then took a step closer. “Sherlock, if you are really sure this is what you want, if you are really certain you will never want children...” He paused to look at his brother, who just nodded impatiently, “then there could be a solution.”
They ate in silence, since they had already talked about Mycroft’s habit to kidnap people during the cab drive from Roland-Kerr College. So Sherlock used the time to think about the day just ended.
“Yes John, thank you.” Mycroft answered as he dumped Sherlock’s bloody clothes in the laundry basket by the corner.
Sherlock must had deduced Moriarty was planning something serious against him. He had become tenser, closed off, often time distant, his brilliant mind lost in thought. Then Moriarty had finally struck, and there had been no time to talk as the events rushed toward their tragic conclusion.
Sherlock nodded and, with the help of John’s arms around his waist, stood up and slowly climbed up the stairs.
He then opened the last letter, which contained small white card with a few words written with a fountain pen.
John left the alley, slowly walking back toward the flat. His eyes were moist with the tears he refused to let fall.
John finally turned to met Sherlock’s face. He had felt the emotion in that usually cold voice, had felt his raw concern for his safety and his heart had rejoiced. Sherlock
Sherlock, however, had not the same problem. “There won’t be any child, Mrs. Hudson. John cannot have them.”
“You could call him so, yes. When he realized Major’s wasn’t a homeless, the killer understood he had made a mistake. So it made it look as a mugging...but still it wasn’t right. A City consultant killed in Regent’s Park would cause a lot of stir. People would demand more surveillance in the park and nearby streets. There would be more patrols around and our killer doesn’t want that. So what does he do? He drops the things he took from Majors’ in a place where they will be easily found. The police will be led to think the mugging was just cover for murder and focus the investigation in another direction, leaving the killer free to hunt in his favourite area.”
Most importantly Sherlock liked the way John Watson was looking back at him, with curiosity and respect, but without fear, disgust or pity. He bore his silent examination as stoic as a soldier on parade ground.
Sherlock’s eyebrow arched in surprise. He couldn’t have imagined his body would show that kind of interest that very night given what his musings had lingered on, but now that it had happened, he thought, why not? He had not pleasured himself in a few months and despite all his dislike for sex, it was an activity he enjoyed.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and muttered, “Manners, Sherlock.” Then he pressed a button beneath his desk. A minute later Anthea – or whatever was her name – introduced a man inside the office.
“No, you won't!” the criminal reached the door he had used to enter and snapped his fingers. The red dots disappeared and Sherlock felt like he could breathe again.
John knew Sherlock could have easily avoided telling him the truth. When John had walked away from the confrontation in the alley, Sherlock could have returned to his hunt as nothing had happened. Instead had run after John and told – and shown – him the truth.
John cleared his throat in a manner that suggest both nervousness and embarrassment and finally spoke in a rushed tone. “Would you...Could you...stay here with me? You don’t need to sleep here, just stay until I fall asleep?”
“Besides,” John added with a smile, “it wouldn’t have been nice to lose my bond-mate before our honeymoon even started.”
“Hello, freak!” She said to Sherlock and John froze on his feet as he looked at her outraged. She was a police officer. She shouldn’t talk to people in that way.
“Exactly.” Sherlock raised his head to look at John with a frown. “Majors had his throat slashed here, so there should be a lot of blood. Instead there isn’t and it wasn’t absorbed by his clothes or the soil. So the question is, where is it?”
“Well, when he was twenty-three, Sherlock fell in love with a girl named Irene Adler, who lived in the flat near ours. They were together for six months, and even if I never liked her, it seemed like she made Sherlock happy. And then, one day Sherlock returned home from a visit to his parents’ house in the countryside and found Irene in bed with another student. The explanation he was given was that she needed ‘variety’ in her sexual life and that Sherlock was as boring as his chemical formulas.
“The throat wasn’t slashed from behind; the cut was inflicted from the front, when the victim was already down. It’s obvious from the angle of the cut.”
Sherlock, starved for companionship and acceptance, had fallen for him and had agreed to sleep with Victor. It had been just an inexperienced fumble of hands, but he had loved every single minute of it. Until the morning after, when he had woken up alone in Victor’s room. Disappointed but not worried, Sherlock had showered and returned to his room to dress for the day and gather his books, his mind replaying the events of the previous night.
He usually preferred to run his experiments at home, away from curious eyes, but after what had happened in the shower he didn’t want to face John any time soon.
A naked man lying on his front. Sandy blond hair, shorter than him but blockier. Quite muscled to be an Omega. Interesting.
John turned his head to be able to look at him, a surprised look crossing his face. His eyes studied Sherlock and then he smiled, broadly and unrestrained. “Yes, I do,” was his firm answer.
However, as soon as the other man left the room, the Alpha’s stance completely changed. He smiled broadly and jumped in happiness. “Brilliant! Yes!” he exclaimed as he whirled around the room to retrieve the coat and scarf he had dropped earlier. “Four serial suicides and now a note. Oh, it's Christmas. Mrs. Hudson, I'll be late. Might need some food.”
In the end Sherlock had been more than happy to let himself to be convinced to try again, after Janine entered in his life and everything in the world seemed to be right.
“There has been a murder in Regent’s Park.” Sherlock put on his coat and scarf as John reached for his jacket.
The next morning Sherlock stepped inside the shower stall and switched on the hot water, moaning in appreciation as it fell on his shoulders and neck.
When he entered the sitting room he was holding several pieces of paper of different sizes and colours. Some looked like pieces of cardboard ripped from a box, other looked like newspaper pages or dirty flyers.
It chafed at him, of course. He was a soldier, a man of action. It didn’t sit well with him to stay idle while is bondmate was away, possibly – no, probably knowing Sherlock – in danger. He wanted to help, but the only two people who could have given him some answers, Mycroft and Molly, where not at hand. Mycroft could no longer be found at the Diogenes Club and John had no means to find him, as his attempts to contact the older man using the CCTV had failed. Molly instead had moved to Australia for two years, to teach in an important university. John had wanted to talk with Molly because she had signed Sherlock’s death certificate and performed the autopsy. She had to know Sherlock was still alive and might also know why he had faked his death and where he was.
”...that sentence alone would have scared away more than one person. And more: why would he have refused the money a man he had believed to be a criminal – a man who had kidnapped him in an isolated power plant, for God’s sake! -- had offered him to spy on Sherlock, when he was almost broke? Why would he have ignored Sally Donovan’s – a police sergeant, mind you – warnings about Sherlock? More importantly, why he would have killed a man to save Sherlock’s life less than 36 hours after meeting him?
Thus Sherlock walked determined to his bedroom and started to get ready for his day, his earlier good mood completely forgotten.
The manager didn’t seem to notice his lack of reaction; if she did, she chose to ignore it. “You’ll be very pleased with your new mate: he comes from an influent and rich family, he is younger than you and quite handsome.”
There was a long moment of silence, during which John thought he had dared too much, but then Molly began to talk, very quietly. “Sherlock never told me ‘why’ he doesn’t like sex. He just told me – he was twenty-two when he did – that he didn’t like it. That he found it distasteful, a chore more than a pleasure. I didn’t prod—he was already so embarrassed – and he didn’t elaborate more. I suppose there is no need for a reason to explain his distaste. I guess he just doesn’t have it in him.”
John gave Sherlock some advantage while keeping him in sight, then crossed the street and started following him, using all the tricks Sherlock himself had taught him to avoid being spotted.
The other ‘but’ concerned John’s previous bondmate, Nicholas Coleman. Discreet inquiries to John’s army friends had revealed he hadn’t been happy with Coleman, that he had resented to have relations with a man he didn’t love, but who he had the right to shag John every time he wanted.
However, as soon as he had walked in the main hall, he had become aware of people snickering, laughing and making lewd comments at him. It hadn’t take long to discover the reason: Victor had taken pictures of him as he was sleeping naked and pinned them on the College main bulletin board, where everyone could see them.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You’re lying. You want something, but don’t want to ask for it. What is it?”
“Obviously. So I’ll write about your deductions about Majors having been killed because mistaken for a homeless and your discovery there was a serial killer murdering homeless people.”
John was used to Sherlock’s peculiar habits, to the days of silence, the lack of eating and the violin music in the middle of the night—but this was new. It was like Sherlock had fallen in hibernation.
Sherlock’s pupils dilated. “More than everything,” he replied, his voice deeper than usual. He set the cane near the bedside table and settled on the mattress, reclining on his back as his eyes never left John’s.
“And be tied to for the rest of my life to a boring creature and its cursed biology? Be turned into a mindless animal once a month as the Omega goes in heat? Sire a string of children who will make my life impossible?” Sherlock stopped his pacing in front of Mycroft and, for the first time since he was a child, he looked at his older brother with pleading eyes. “I don’t want that, Mycroft. I won’t be able to bear it. My mind, my rationality, my work...they are everything for me. I don’t want to be prey of biology like the other Alphas...I’ve never been like them. Why should I be forced to become the thing I despise most? Please help me.”
Sherlock’s revenge had come years later, when he had exposed both of them for embezzlement in the bank where they worked, sending them to prison and ruining their names and reputations for good.
As for himself, being with Sherlock had given him everything he had dreamed and hoped for as a younger man, and he would never stop to thank his good luck for making them meet.
His gaze raked the younger man’s body from his shoulders to his chest, down to his belly and his strong long legs, before trailing up again to his crotch. His Alpha cock was big and already showing the beginning of his knot.
Just then John cried out “No!” with an anguish-filled voice and Sherlock let his instinct choose for him. He sat down on the mattress, switched on the bedside lamp, and shook John’s shoulder.
Molly nodded, “That’s true. You know it. I know it—but the point is Sherlock doesn’t. His two experiences at love showed him without any doubt that sex, at least for certain persons, is much more important than other things. He learned it the hard way, especially with Janine, so it isn’t surprising he doesn’t wish to get hurt again.”
John sat up as he considered the situation. A part of him wanted to continue his exploration of his bondmate. He was not sure Sherlock would allow him so much control in the future. He was an Alpha, after all, and it would be his nature to be in charge in bed as he was in the other aspects of their life.
Sherlock was feeding from him and it felt fantastic. He buried one of his hands in Sherlock’s sweaty curls, and tilted his head on the side, giving him more room.
“I don’t want to hear their names ever again,” John growled, before he bent his head forward as Sherlock raised his own to meet him midway.
John’s eyes widened in surprise. “How do you know it’s psychosomatic? Did the House Manager tell you?”
Now, two years after that fateful day, all of Sherlock’s past cases had been reviewed by a team of NSY experts, which had proven them genuine and his deduction corrects. It had also been proved without any doubt that Richard Brook had been a creation of Jim Moriarty and thus Sherlock’s reputation had been restored. The press, which had been so quick to turn against Sherlock, was now clamouring the responsible on the detective’s suicide should be punished, completely ignoring the role it had played in it. Had John not been aware of Sherlock being alive, he would feel furious against the journalists. As it was he ignored them and their requests for interviews, as he had ignored Donovan and Anderson’s attempts to apologize. It was their fault if Sherlock had been accused and arrested, and he wasn’t feeling very forgiving at the moment. Maybe after Sherlock returned...maybe. He only person he had accepted an apology from was Lestrade, because he had seen the guilt and desperation on the older man’s face, and the knowledge his Alpha was alive had made John forgive the inspector.
Sherlock’s calm tone made John even angrier and he almost shouted as he grabbed the younger man by the shoulders, “Of course it is! Do you think it is a good reason to keep me in the dark? Do you remember what it almost happened with that cabbie and his damn pill? Why the hell do you insist in risking your life just to prove you are cleverer than the others?” He paused to take a breath and continued in a cold yet impassioned tone, “Do you ever stop a minute to consider what your death would do to Mrs. Hudson? To Lestrade? To me?”
“Oh well, all good things end, sooner or later.” Sherlock shrugged. “And how is your wife? Is she away for long?”
The temptation to see with his eyes the images his mind was conjuring had been too strong to resist.
John ordered a tea for himself and sat down in front of Mycroft, tilting his head to read the folder title.
John realized with a shiver. So much blood, slipping between his friend’s fingers and dripping on the carpet.
They settled on their sides facing each other, resuming their kissing and exploring. John didn’t know what to touch and caress first, so he let his hands roam at will over Sherlock’s chest, back and buttocks.
“Those women were idiots, both of them! They had a treasure in their hands and threw it away!” John all but snarled, eyes blazing with anger.
He had almost reached 221B door when he heard running steps behind him. A moment later a deep voice murmured, “I know what my death would do to you, John. But I also know what your death would do to me—and I find that perspective far worse.”
John stared at his flatmate for a while. Sherlock had sounded sincere when he claimed he had not gone out, but he wasn’t convinced. He was sure he had heard the door opening and closing and he could imagine Mrs. Hudson would go out at such hour.
“Brother dear,” Mycroft replied calmly, “I’m well aware of your incredible...control over your biology. Unfortunately, the judge is not, and there was nothing I could do to change her mind. As you stopped that man before he could rob the old lady, there is no actual evidence he was about to commit such a crime but your words—and the judge doesn’t believe them.”
John had never regretted nor resented his condition as Neutered Omega. In his opinion, his inability to get in heat and bear children was a blessing, not a tragedy. He had given him the freedom to attend medical school and, later on, after he had been bonded to Army Colonel Nicholas Coleman, to join the RAMC, something forbidden to Full Omegas.
During cab ride toward his new home, John observed his Master, studying his features at his leisure as the other man’s long, nimble fingers danced over his mobile, sending out a string of texts.
“Hell, Sherlock. You almost gave me a heart attack!” John exclaimed in relief. Then coughed as a strong stench of alcohol enveloped him. “What the f- Did you bathe in alcohol?!”
One evening, while John was doing crosswords and Sherlock was pacing like a caged tiger, something which usually happened when he was bored, Mrs. Hudson stepped in the room with an open newspaper.
Maybe, John reasoned, he didn’t want to be tied to a needy Full Omega. That he could understand...When he had been at Uni, he had watched with pitying eyes how the Full Omegas in his classes hung from every words the Alphas said; how desperate they had been to catch the attention of people who had nothing going for them – nor intelligence or beauty or wealth – but their gender. Then he had seen the Omegas return to school – when allowed to – completely changed, unable to make a decision more complex than decide what eat at lunch without their Alphas’ input.
Sherlock was just beginning to calm down when suddenly the red dots reappeared and there were more than before.
Of course the man got it very wrong, because he conveniently forgot that one) Geishas were free women who choose to undertake that training; two) Geishas didn’t offer sexual favours to their clients, while the Personal Companion were chosen from among the existing slave populace and sex was definitely among the things required from them. In the beginning they were only black females, but soon males and individuals of other races began to be recruited, even if it was kept very hush-hush in order not to scandalize the public opinion.
Sherlock shifted in his sleep, turning slightly on his left side, and John retracted his hand as if he had been burnt.
The ring of Sherlock’s phone shook John out of his musings and he turned his head to watch as Sherlock answered the call. His flatmate listened for a moment then nodded, “We are coming.”
He needed to do something about the situation, which meant talking to Sherlock about his feelings or finding a way to will them away. Maybe he could go out, spend an evening at the pub and charm a willing woman to have a shag with him. He usually didn’t go for one night stands, but needs must and he had not got laid in months. It was really difficult to find and keep a girlfriend when Sherlock’s work and demands ruined plans and dates four times out of five. He would need to make do with a casual encounter and maybe, when he would not be as sexually frustrated, he would stop lusting after his very male best friend.
He tightened his embrace around the pale skinned shoulders and posed a light kiss on Sherlock’s damp hair, waiting for his Alpha to recover.
Thus John reached the conclusion Sherlock had faked his death for other reasons, maybe to go off the grid and be able to find a way to clear his name, and all John could do was to keep his grieving widower façade and hope his Alpha would come home soon.
Sherlock paused to take a breath, but before John could comment, he resumed talking. “Then there's your brother, Harry. Your phone, the one you used to call him in the taxi. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but full of scratches. Not one, many over time it's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. You wouldn't treat your one luxury item like this, so it's had a previous owner. Next bit's easy. You know it already.”
The cab ride from the Breeding House to central London was long, and after short call to his sister Harry to tell her about his changed status, John spent the time observing his new bond-mate. During the previous two days he been too preoccupied with other matters to properly think about the man he was now bound to for the rest of his life.
“I was in my Mind Palace, recalling the events of Majors’ murder and…” Sherlock didn’t complete the line.
John soaped Sherlock’s back and hair, massaging his muscles and scalp, the touch efficient, professional, and quite enjoyable.
So taken she had been by her two partners, Janine had not realized at once Sherlock was in the bedroom, and he had had to watch and listen as the two men had pulled from her lips moans and groans and other sounds he had never heard before.
There were also things he would have liked to do, but couldn’t. He hadn’t forgotten the feel of Sherlock’s soft fur under his fingers and he would have loved to get closer to that fascinating man. Because there was no doubt that despite his horns, animal ears and the fur, Sherlock was a man. His Ibex side didn’t influence him, apart from the tendency to lower his head like a ram ready to charge when he was irritated. But Sherlock didn’t want it and John respected his wishes.
His ears were interesting too: although partially hidden by his Master’s curly hair, they were covered in soft looking fur and rotated as they followed noises.
Sherlock of course noticed and growled irritated, “I’m not high! I’m perfectly sober and telling the truth.
Sherlock nodded and John let go of his face. He wrapped his arms around his lover’s back, caressing the taut muscles as the movements resumed. The pace escalated quickly, each thrust punctuated by a growl, and then Sherlock dipped his head and bit down.
Suddenly the clarity of mind Sherlock always had had even when confronted with his biology, the clarity of thought he seemed to have lost since he stepped into that room, returned to him.
This time John couldn’t contain himself. He rolled his eyes. “I can’t understand how a man as intelligent as yourself can be so dense! I gave you pleasure because I wanted to, because I like to make you happy, but I don’t expect you to do the same to me. I don’t need it.”
John told him everything that had happened since the discovery of Anthony Majors’ body, including Sherlock’s revelation about vampires and his own nature.
Sherlock mentally calculated the distance between them and the pool and thought they could make it. He looked a last time at Moriarty, saw realization dawn on his face –
“There won’t be any carnal relations between us. As I said, I never wanted a bond-mate, but I would be happy if in due time we could become friends.” Sherlock saw John’s face darken and he thought he knew why. He was aware most people gave an excessive importance to sex, and even if John was better than them in some regards, it was logical to presume he wouldn’t be happy without regular couplings. So he quickly added, “However my low or inexistent sex drive doesn’t mean you will have to be celibate. As I hope you have realized, I’m not a common Alpha. Certainly, I’m not as idiotically jealous as most Alphas are of their bond-mates.” Sherlock grimaced in distaste. “I won’t expect you to refrain from having sex on my account.”
“Good,” Sherlock clapped his hands. “I think we can continue without a chaperone, brother dear. John, come with me, we need to go home. I forgot a mould culture on the kitchen table and I must dash to prevent Mrs. Hudson from throwing it away!”
Vampires existed for real and Sherlock was one of them. It was a mind-blowing revelation, almost impossible to believe.
Sherlock nodded curtly, resolutely squashing the pain in his heart. “Yes. I miss her company—but that doesn’t mean I should replace her with a... sex slave!”
John carefully tore the envelope open and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. He spread it and read:
John struggled to put his thoughts in words. He felt that if he didn’t convince Sherlock now, he would lose his only chance. “I’ve been used for sex for my whole adult life. I’ve been put ‘in service’ since I was eighteen and I have had an almost endless list of men and women using me, using my body to get their pleasure. But none of them, not even those few who bothered to make me come as well, ever embraced me as you’re doing now. To me this embrace is more meaningful, more important than all the orgasms I had or will ever have. I feel your love in your embrace, Sherlock —as I felt it when you protected me, in that pool. To me there is nothing more precious than the memories of the evenings we spend together, watching the telly, playing Cluedo or just reading, each of us engrossed in his own book and yet so aware of the other.” John fell silent, swallowing past the lump in his throat, as he waited for Sherlock’s response.
John looked at him, puzzled, and Sherlock realized he would have to tell the entire, embarrassing truth.
“Brought you a little getting-to-know-you present,” he said aloud. “That's what it's all been for, isn't it? All your little puzzles, making me dance. All to distract me from this.”
No change, the long pointed canines were still there, giving Sherlock a feral, dangerous look. Without intending to do so, John took a step back and watched as some of the light died in Sherlock’s eyes. They looked at each other for a while longer, then Sherlock moved past John and walked to the door. He already had a hand on the knob when he turned around and said flatly, “This is what I am, John. I never planned to show you, but tonight’s events forced my hand. I’ll understand if it too much for you. You are free to leave, of course. Also, if you want, I can erase your memory, and make you forget everything you heard and saw tonight. I swear I’ll never approach you again as a vampire. You don’t have to fear me.”
That left him without something to do during the day. Maybe he’ll go to visit Molly to see if she got some nice corpse he could experiment with. Then he needed to introduce John to Mrs. Hudson and hope they wouldn’t band together against him. There was only so much fussing a man could tolerate.
The officers looked at Lestrade, who nodded, and stepped back to leave room to Sherlock, who knelt and examined the body again. John walked closer, seeing he was especially interested in the back of Majors’ shirt and black jacket. Sherlock ran his fingers over the fabric and sniffed them. Then he gestured the officers to resume their task and as soon as the body was removed, he closely observed the grass Majors had been laying on.
When he had gone home that morning, he had been all but resigned to spend the day inside, navigating awkward moments with John. He had fully expected to discover his new bond-mate was as boring as almost everyone was—but for once he had been proved wrong...and glad to be so.
His ears perked up, all signs of slumber disappearing from his now taut body. He jumped up off the bed as he fired off a text.
Like before, John continued to complain about Sherlock being a lazy git, and Sherlock kept on teasing him about his blog. In public they were still Sherlock – genius and sociopath with no regards for politeness and other people’s feelings – and John—assistant, back up and handler. People kept thinking they were a couple and John stopped correcting them although, for privacy’s sake, he never confirmed it either.
“Oh, God, yes,” John replied, making his point by arching his hips against Sherlock’s and then raising his head to bite again his lover’s nipple.
He had praised John’s initiative, thinking it would encourage more independency in his Personal Companion.
After three months of investigation, of chasing leads no one else thought to follow, of examining hours of footages, he had been able to close Interpol number one case and find the long missing Black Pearl of the Borgias. Mycroft had been ecstatic, telling him this time he would get his knighthood.
“Wrong as usual,” Sherlock commented without looking up. He checked the gash at the throat then stood up and looked around, his eyes finally resting on a nearby iron bench. He walked to it and ran his latex-covered fingers along the metal, before sniffing them.
“No. He had barely the strength to tell me to call you,” John answered. Sherlock had said much more, of course, that that had been meant for his ears only.
Finally, the eyes John had so admired in the photo had turned to be even more beautiful, because they changed colour according to the light or, perhaps, their owner’s moods.
However, concern wasn’t the only reason pushing John to look at Sherlock. To put it simply, he enjoyed watching his flatmate work on his experiments. He liked to observe the precise, skilled movements of Sherlock’s hands, the fierce concentration on his face when he was trying to understand some result, and the satisfied smirk on his lips when one of his theories was proved right.
John closed his eyes and collapsed against the back of the armchair, as he thought about how confusing his life had just turned out to be.
“Not much. The killer was very careful not to leave any trace on the victim. I can only add Majors was very drunk. His blood alcohol concentration was 1.4, strong enough to cause confusion, disorientation and loss of balance.”
John put his own hand over Sherlock’s and said, “This morning Donovan and Anderson complained because I didn’t list Anthony Majors’ murder among your unsolved cases. I know it is unsolved for the NSY and the press, and that you couldn’t ever say the truth, but it would be unfair for you to list it among your failures.”
“No hospital...they can’t help me. Call Mycroft...” Sherlock’s voice died in a whisper as the grip on his ankle loosened.
He had stayed up till 4am, waiting for Sherlock to come back so he could give him a piece of his mind, but when keeping his eyes open had become a losing battle, he had decided to go to bed. Sleeping on the armchair or couch was bad for his shoulder and he didn’t want to be sore for the whole day because of Sherlock bloody Holmes.
Sherlock turned on his heels and left the room in a whirl of dark coat and blue scarf and John could only make a helpless gesture to the perplexed Lestrade before rushing out to catch up with his friend’s long legs and quick strides.
That morning, while he was at Yard to collect some cold case folders Lestrade had promised Sherlock, Donovan and Anderson had asked him why Anthony Majors’ murder wasn’t listed among “the Freak’s failures”.
Molly shook her head, sadly. “No, John, he has. He had sex with someone he loved—and it made it even worse.”
“Uh. Yes. I’m fine John,” Sherlock answered after taking a deep breath. “But there is something you need to know about me.”
Moving slowly, almost not daring to breath, John walked toward the couch. The more he stepped closer, the more the figure took shape and became recognizable: tall lithe build, slim hips, narrow yet strong shoulders and a mop of curly hair.
Emotions chocking his throat, John fell on his knees near the couch, scanning his Alpha’s beloved face. Sherlock looked paler and older than he remembered. He was gaunt, with dark circles under his eyes—he looked exhausted and it was probably the reason he had not woken up when the door had opened.
Janine Hawkins, a journalist he had met during one of his early cases, had been able to look past Sherlock’s looks and caustic tongue to see the man he really was and they had bonded almost at once. Janine had helped Sherlock to establish himself as a consulting detective by blogging about his cases. They had been very close, being seen out together a lot, and then they had become lovers. Mycroft had never seen his brother as happy and settled...but it hadn’t lasted.
“-that your latest temporary master was a military commander stationed in Afghanistan who demanded the same discipline from you, and what somehow you also studied medicine and are a doctor.”
Mycroft smirked. “They are indeed. However, there is one in this House right now, and I took the liberty to reserve him for you. The staff just needs the order to proceed.”
“No way,” John muttered as he crumpled the letter. He wouldn’t do it even if Sherlock was really dead.
“Help is coming,” he said softly and Sherlock nodded slightly. His brown was covered with cold sweat and his breathing was getting more laboured by the moment as his eyes started to close.
“Something cold will do. John, have a cup of tea, unpack your clothes, make yourself at home. Don't wait up!” He disappeared from the room as John still try to understand what had happened.
John would make himself useful, learn what Sherlock liked and disliked, discover what the other man looked for in a friend and in a lover…and he would give it to him.
“I-I…think that…there could be more memories like this one in the future…” Sherlock murmured, hesitant. “Probably not very often…but there will be.”
And John? Would be he be able to go on just being friends after such a confession? Maybe, knowing for sure there was no hope for something more would help him to get over his...feelings...for Sherlock and start looking for someone else.
“They are Omegas that don’t go in heat nor can have children,” Mycroft explained all the same, “because they had they O-gland removed due to injuries or illness. Would you be agreeable to bond with one of them? You would have to go through a drugs-simulated bonding heat, but after that you wouldn’t need to...satisfy any other biological imperative.”
“Sherlock,” he said quietly. “I was in the army. I fought Taliban and terrorists; I know how to defend myself and this isn’t the first serial killer we faced.”
Sherlock groaned aloud but obeyed, spreading his arms wide on the mattress, his fists now clenching the sheet. John rewarded him by tracing large, lazy circles with his fingertips over the silky skin of his pectorals, which became narrower and narrower as they approached his nipples that were then lightly pinched. Sherlock moaned aloud and his back arched as he offered himself to John.
He found himself thinking of how good his life had turned to be since the day he had been obliged to bond with Sherlock. True, back then he had prayed the new bond would be happier than his first one, but it had gone beyond his wildest hopes. And the best was yet to come, as their life as truly bonded mates had just began.
Watson turned to look at his brother and replied, “I’m not offended, sir. Everything Master said is right.”
So John could only keep his feelings for himself and hope something would happen to put an end to his doubts, in one way or the other.
John watched, in the dim light of the bedside lamp as Sherlock slumped against the mattress, body totally limp where, till a few instants before it had been as tense as a bowstring.
John leant forward and put his hands over Sherlock’s chest to get more leverage as his movements speeded up and his breath grew laboured.
“Touch me,” John begged and Sherlock rushed to wrap his hand around his little Omega erection, sliding it up and down, first hesitantly, then more confidently as John’s cries became sharper.
Sherlock cried out when he felt himself being engulfed by John’s body. It felt like being inside a woman, but it seemed tighter and warmer.
It was pouring outside and John was glad Mycroft had chosen a meeting place so close to home. He ran inside the shop and quickly located the table where Mycroft was sitting with a cup of tea and a folder wrapped in a plastic bag.
John’s smile widened into a grin. As he had fantasized in the past, Sherlock had indeed proved to be as meticulous and observant in bed as he was with his experiments and investigations. He enjoyed studying John’s reactions to his touches and caresses and when he discovered something John’s especially liked, he never forgot to do it again and again.
With a growl of desire, Sherlock moved down John’s body, pulled his thighs apart and plunged his aching member into the welcoming body. He groaned aloud at the incredible heat and tightness around him. He had never imagined it would feel so good. Gripping John’s hips so hard that his fingers left bruises, Sherlock let instinct guide him and started thrusting. First slowly, then faster and harder as John arched his body upwards to meet his movements. The knot at the base of Sherlock’s member, the one that had fully formed only on the day he had presented as an Alpha, inflated and the need to press it into John was overwhelming. But first...
Right now, their best option was to make sure Moriarty stayed close to them. The sniper wouldn’t shoot to John for fear of triggering an explosion that would blast their boss too.
John shifted his weight, uncomfortable. As almost every bonding heat resulted into a pregnancy, the old lady had of course thought it would be so for him too—and she looked so excited at the prospect of a child he didn’t know how to tell her there wouldn’t be one.
“All right,” John nodded before continuing in a concerned tone, “Sherlock…I appreciate all the freedom you’re willing to give me and all the effort you’re making to make my life good but…what about you? Is there really
John shook his head with fondness. “I don’t feel obliged to do anything. What I’m going to do is because I want to do it—with you.” He rose to his knees, and Sherlock noticed he was erect too.
Sherlock sat on the couch and spread them on the coffee table, looking like he was trying to put some order in them.
They stayed under water as long as possible, swimming toward the other side of the pool. When they finally resurfaced to breathe, they were out of danger. The building was half destroyed, but the water had protected them.
“Exactly. I can provide you with the names of the other victims. Then you can write the killer disappeared before I could identify him. It is the truth, after all.”
“What are you thinking?” John’s intruded into his thoughts. “You are frowning and I don’t think it is because of how the food tastes.”
The day after was even stranger, as Sherlock spent most of it sleeping on the couch or in his bedroom. And the same happened the next day.
It had turned out all Coleman wanted was to retain his position and have a warmth body to shag when he was in the mood. Nothing else.
He wasn’t entirely at ease as he talked of a human being as if he was a parcel, but he ruthlessly squashed his discomfort. He was doing this for Sherlock, for his happiness and comfort, which were paramount for him. Besides, Mycroft knew his brother and was sure John Watson would be treated well.
“Try not to let the whole street hear you,” Sherlock hissed as he stepped aside to let John enter the hall before him.
Sherlock was very irritated and bored out of his mind. His precious brain would certainly rot if he didn’t get out of there quickly, as he had exhausted all the ways to keep it at work. He had read all the – boring – books in the room and deduced the lives of all the doctors, nurses and orderlies he had come in contact with. As they had taken away his phone, he couldn’t even text to Lestrade and consult from his prison.
Sherlock wanted to protest, to tell John to leave, but refrained. As he had just had pondered, it would take time to make John realize he didn’t have to serve him. Sherlock was willing to compromise, and let the other man help him, as long he limited himself to washing his back.
Sherlock was all growls and snarls during sex, a dominant, fiery predator—and John was his willing prey. They never engaged in penetrative sex as neither of them found it appealing, but they had found several ways to please each other, and their sexual life was extremely satisfying. Then, of course, there was the most intimate aspect of their life: the feeding. The moment in which Sherlock’s mask fell and he allowed himself to be what he really was; a vampire.
John felt his anger stir again as he remembered how, the first time they had met, Sally Donovan had implied Sherlock must had have raped and forced the bond over John. Or how the light had dimmed in his Alpha’s eyes when Sebastian Wilkes had said everybody hated Sherlock at university.
John let out a relieved breath and smiled a Mycroft, who replied in kind. “We should take him to bed and get him out of these dirty clothes,” he suggested. Mycroft nodded and stood up.
He knew in his heart that what John had said weren’t just platitudes to make him feel better and give in, and that his convictions wouldn’t waver at the first difficulty.
“Again…” Sherlock breathed and he was more than happy to repeat his actions, aroused by how his lover was allowing himself to be at his complete mercy. Sherlock’s lean, hot body was covered by a thin sheen of sweat, his muscles languidly flexing and relaxing in response to his touches. His head was thrown back against the pillow; his mouth was open in pleasure. He was gorgeous beyond description and John had to struggle with himself.
It was different now. New, exciting things happened to him almost on daily bases, and he was feeling the desire to write them on his blog. In fact, there were so many things he could write he was finding it hard to decide where he should begin.
– and pulled the trigger. Then he pushed John with all his strength. He fell down too, covering his friend with his larger body as he pulled and pushed the other man into the pool.
“Yes, it would be just my kind of case, if only Lestrade would stop being so stubborn,” Sherlock said with irritation.
However, as soon as Lestrade left the flat, his Master’s stance completely changed. He grinned broadly and jumped in happiness.
The experience had given Sherlock hope that he and John could live together in an amicable way. He was a reserved man and liked to be left in peace, but it seemed like John knew when to keep his mouth shut. Sherlock felt confident that he and the other man would be able not only to live together, but to also become friends. Of course it would take time, for he had no illusion he could change John’s mindset with a few well-intended words. The older man had been trained since infancy to behave in a certain way and it would take time for him to understand what freedom of choice really meant.
He straightened and reached for his phone, but Sherlock’s left hand wrapped around his ankle, stopping him.
It was a nice, easy option. John would return to believe vampires were on fantasy creatures and the upsetting feeling of having the ground collapse under his feet would disappear.
John put down the book and threw back the covers. This time he was sure he had not imagined it, but still he wanted to check. Putting on his robe, he trotted down the stairs and entered the sitting room. Empty. He went to Sherlock’s bedroom and opened it. Empty.
Sherlock frowned and looked puzzled. “Why should I go out at such uncivilized hour? And to do what?”
The night he had given Sherlock his massage, John had been seriously tempted to seduce him. He knew that there were points in the male body that if carefully stimulated would arouse the recipient of the touch.
That last night at Bart’s they had slept on a futon Molly had spread for them beneath a work table, and Sherlock had wrapped his long limbs around, seeking for and giving both warmth and reassurance. John had then promised to himself that as soon as the situation with Moriarty would be solved, he would tell Sherlock he loved him and kiss his Alpha senseless—but he never had the chance to do so, as Sherlock jumped from Bart’s roof only a few hours later.
“Feel free to engage in intimate relations with anyone you find suitable. Just don’t bring them in the flat; I don’t like to have strangers in my territory.”
“Don’t touch my experiments. Don’t throw away anything before asking to me if you can—unless of course it is your stuff, then you can do what you want with it. Don’t eat anything in the fridge that isn’t clearly labelled as edible. Don’t disturb me when I’m thinking. Don’t move the things in this room; this isn’t chaos. This is an organized order only I understand. Also, I mostly eat take-away. If you like to cook or want to eat something specific, here is one of my cards. There is a Tesco around the corner. And, for God’s sake, don’t call me master.”
Ten minutes later, they were running down the stairs, grinning excitedly at the prospect of a new case.
There was a sound of approaching steps but the man who stepped out from a locker was the last one Sherlock had expected to see there. John.
John gently pushed Sherlock away and put a finger on his lips as his Alpha tried to speak. Shh...let me teach you how it is done.”
The very moment John Watson, former RAMC captain saw two orderlies step inside his room along with the Breeding House’s manager, he knew his freedom was about to come to an end.
John unfolded the newspaper and his eyes widened as they fell on a picture on first page. It was a photo of the grey-haired man who had just left and the caption said he was DI Lestrade, in charge of the investigations regarding the serial suicides. He frowned. Why this man had come to ask for Sherlock’s help?
Molly nodded. “The cut was inflicted post-mortem--but only to mask the wound, located straight over the jugular that caused the death. A wound that, after an accurate study, I can only describe as a bite.”
The inn was silent and dark but for a small lamp in a corner. He didn’t need to check his watch to know it was very late. It was also quite cold now that the fire had died, so he decided to go to bed. He wouldn’t probably sleep, but at least he would be warm under the covers.
John pushed back and moaned, enjoying the feeling of his lover’s cock nudging against his balls. Then a long-fingered, slick hand wrapped around his erection and started stroking him in time with Sherlock’s thrusts. John threw back his head, baring his neck to his lover’s lips. Balancing himself with an arm wrapped around the other man’s lower back he began to move in counterpoint to Sherlock’s thrusting.
“Of course. Yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much,” John answered…thinking it was the truth. Wasn’t what his therapist had said? That his life as soldier was in the past and he needed to move over and start anew. But the moment his Alpha asked, “Want to see some more?” John knew there was only a possible answer and he didn’t hesitate in voicing it.
“Especially for someone who was very cautious not to leave a single footprint on the wet flowerbed.”
, depending if they are religious or not,” his Master’s lips bent in a grin and John found himself grinning back, even if his heart constricted upon hearing how the other man was treated.
Sherlock growled, frustrated, and ran his hands in his hair. That was exactly why he avoided feelings. They confused him, filling his mind with unnecessary questions when he needed to focus only on Moriarty and the person that, with their timely phone call, had changed the consulting criminal’s mind. Those were really important questions that needed an answer.
For the first time since starting to live with the man, John was able to glimpse some bare skin other than Sherlock’s face, long neck, hands and feet. Sherlock was always dressed when he came out of his bedroom or the bathroom, even if sometimes “dressed” just meant wearing a bed sheet tightly wrapped around his tall frame.
Mycroft looked up from the documents he was checking, showing no surprise at the sight of his flustered sibling and his unorthodox entry.
Cursing again, John was about to retrace his steps and go home when an arm suddenly sized him by the collar and pulled him in a narrow, dark alley.
He motioned to John to stand up and come closer to him just as he aimed at the discarded explosive jacket, lying midway between them and Moriarty.
“There is no need to feel sorry,” Sherlock interjected, starting to climb the nearby stairs. “This is perfect. Now come, John, let’s take a look at your new home.”
“So I guess we can keep on being sappy as much as we want,” Sherlock concluded, covering a yawn with his hand. Slumber was rapidly creeping over him and for the first time in his life he felt like going to sleep without the desire to stand up and clean himself after sex nor the urge to shake off the sweaty body of his partner and curl away on his side.
“We must act fast,” Mycroft said, pulling out a pair of scissors and a blood bag. “Keep his mouth open as I pour this into it.”
Sherlock smiled at the thought, kissed John’s temple and then closed his eyes, drifting off to sleep.
“Yes Sherlock, yours, always yours, forever yours…” John answered, as he caressed his lover’s furred back and tail, “You know that right?”
The end of the case had been brilliant too. True, Sherlock was irked because he would never know if he had chosen the right pill, but the discovery there was a man out there who sponsored serial killers more than made up for it. Moriarty...was it a surname? Or an alias? He would have to investigate it. Pity the cabbie was dead and unable to answer more questions...No, Sherlock wasn’t upset with John for killing the man. If he had to be sincere, he was...touched by it. Such a loyalty for a man he had just meet. True, they were bonded, but they barely knew each other and there was no emotional connection between them. Uhm...
“I can’t, as I didn’t leave the flat. You must have imagined it.” That said, Sherlock closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Otherwise, why would he have accepted to go flat-looking with him after their weird first meeting? “
Sherlock had always known, since that first experience with Victor Trevor that sex was not his forte. Oh, he liked to pleasure himself all right, but he seemed not to feel the same lust, passion and need to mate his age mates had.
Immediately after, Sherlock turned toward Lestrade, who had been listening with intent and said, “Actually, do you know what? Ignore me.”
The other one was his latest assignment, Major Sholto. Like Stanford, he had been interested in more than having John just as bed mate. They had been together for one year, until Sholto had been forced to leave the army in disgrace and John had been recalled to the Royal Harem.
John resolutely returned his gaze to the newspaper, hoping Sherlock had been too engrossed in his work to notice he was staring at him. Again.
This wasn’t how he had predicted the encounter would go. He had mistakenly believed Moriarty to be like him, that the criminal enjoyed having a worthy adversary as much as Sherlock did. But he had been wrong. Moriarty only played to win.
Then there were all the questions he wanted to ask...Could humans be turned in vampires? Did Sherlock ever analyze his own blood? Of course he must have done it, he was Sherlock Holmes! What did he find? How had he planned to erase John’s memory? Were there other vamp-
to do something, because for you, there is only one possible choice. There has never been another—at least until now. With time, you will learn to choose what is good for you, not for your master.”
Sherlock took his lips in a long, passionate, soul searching kiss. “You taste so good…” he said freeing John’s mouth and burying his nose into his neck, “You smell so good… So warm… so mine…”
Sherlock’s life had never been easy. From the moment he was born the world had been his enemy, because people do not easily accept those who are different-- and Sherlock was very different.
He switched on the bedside lamp, threw back the covers, removed his sleep pants and laid nude on the bed. His cock hardened even more as Sherlock slid his hands up and down his chest, pulling at his chest hair and brushing over his nipples.
John nodded, shivering as he remember Sherlock collapsing and the blood spurting for his neck. “How did you manage to come home?”
Sherlock nodded. “I guessed so. That’s why I’m going out. I’ve a killer to hunt and you need some time alone.” His fangs had retracted and he looked again as the man John had known for the past year. But he wasn’t – he was a vampire for God’s sake!--and John caught himself breathe in relief when Sherlock walked out of the room and left him alone.
John quickly scanned the letter and breathed in relief. The Ministry could no longer force him to bond as they had done after Coleman’s death, but they strongly encouraged him to consider the idea and let them help him in his choice of mate.
His fangs. Sherlock was perched over him, like a predator over its prey and John felt a thrill run along his spine. A thrill of excitement, not fear, and it made his hardness throb.
Mycroft sighed, “Calm down, Sherlock. Your Personal Companion knows what you look like and was given the choice to refuse the assignation. He accepted and I can assure you because I was there: there was no coercion.”
Sherlock had never appreciated to see his—very rare – unsuccessful cases made public, but John had insisted they made the detective look nicer, as the readers liked to know he wasn’t infallible.
The bitter-salty taste of his seed was still sharp in his mouth, similar to that of the many men John had serviced in life, and yet completely different. As unique as Sherlock himself.
John shrugged. “It was the right thing to do. He was a serial killer threatening another potential victim. He had to be stopped.”
“In that case, would you like to come with me?” Sherlock asked, but the smug look on his face hinted he already knew the answer.
Also…also John was so very attractive, and that was quite a surprise for Sherlock. He had never been interested in sex and everything that went with Alpha/Omega biology. Body was just transport and after witnessing to all the idiocies people did in name of love and lust, he had sworn them off as dangerous for his mind’s wellbeing.
Sherlock was on the couch, asleep. But contrary to usual, he wasn’t curled facing the back of the couch, but laying on his back. He was wearing a pair of pyjama bottoms and his blue dressing gown. His
John frowned and looked closely at Sherlock’s face and eyes, wondering if he had taken something before leaving the flat.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Don’t be melodramatic, Sherlock. Personal Companions are more than ‘sex slaves’, as you called them. They can be everything their masters want them to be.”
John stared incredulous. The man he knew was anything but boring! Sherlock was unpredictability made human. “That was such a cruel thing to say!” he sputtered, indignant.
Sherlock was at Bart’s making use of a deserted lab to examine the brain Molly had given him. It belonged to a man who had been killed by his wife with a knitting needle.
It meant that if he was really lucky, his master would turn out to be someone he could like, respect, and come to care for. It also meant he could end up in the hands of a bastard, and should that happen, suicide would be his only way out.
Sherlock didn’t return home the next day, but John wasn’t worried. He thought his friend was giving him time to think, so he went on with his life as usual. He slept late, dealt with his sore shoulder and went to the clinic for an afternoon shift. Later he went to the pub with Mike Stanford and another one of their course mates, who was in London for a conference. It was an enjoyable night and he fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
Sherlock had smiled as he spotted his favourite foods on the table. So John not only had gone to the Marylebone restaurant he favoured, but had also managed to discover what he usually ordered. He had been pleased for it meant the man was little bit less than an idiot, and was able to care for himself.
John looked torn at his friend. His doctor’s instinct told him to call the ambulance, but what he really knew about vampire physiology? Trusting Sherlock to know what was best for him at least in this circumstance, he dialled Mycroft’s number.
“Ignore all of that. It's just the, er... the shock talking.” Sherlock stood up from the ambulance floor where he had been sitting and dropped the blanket the paramedic had put on his shoulders.
“You must understand I’ve always considered myself married to my work. I’ve never been interested in Alpha/Omega interactions, and I never intended to bond. An unfortunate incident and the law forced me to bond with you…but I never meant for us to live as bond-mates.”
“No! You’re a man, kind and funny, and certainly very good at what you do. Personal Companions aren’t easily gifted, so you must have done something pretty amazing to have been rewarded so.” John’s words were passionate and Sherlock looked at him with surprise.
Sherlock released him, “It was just a bottle, and don’t worry, it wasn’t the whisky Lestrade gave you at Christmas, but the cheapest gin I could find. Now, why are you tailing me?”
Heat had spread inside John at the mere idea the other man could be there, just behind the wooden door, pleasuring himself.
He took the hand Sherlock offered him and followed his Alpha to an adjacent room, a plush chamber with a big double bed in the middle of it.
They separated and Sherlock rolled onto his side, pulling John along, so they could rest more comfortably as they waited for the Alpha’s knot to deflate and slid out from John’s body.
How had it hurt to see them laugh and to hear Victor say with disgust, “Do you really believe someone would be willing to sleep with
Mycroft gave him a sort of compassionate gaze that that made him grit his teeth. The older Holmes was fully aware of the nature of their bond, and now he was also fully aware of John’s feelings for his brother. John just hoped he would not comment on them.
“Molly,” he greeted with a smile when he saw the Bart’s pathologist. “Please come in. What can I do for you?”
The next day was quiet and spent entirely inside the flat. Lestrade called early in the morning telling they had a possible suspect for Majors’ murder and inviting them to the Yard, but Sherlock declined, once again claiming he had experiments to attend to.
They stared at each other for a long time, searching for answers in the other’s eyes, then John nodded. “Right. You’re forgiven.” A small smile. “Now go to sleep.”
His successes with NSY had attracted him more and more private clients, and nowadays Sherlock was more than able to support himself without any need to draw money from the trust fund their grandparents set up for him after his birth, when no one had even know if Sherlock possessed the brain of a human or that of an animal.
Sherlock nodded. “Sure,” he answered without hesitation. He had never slept beside another person except for the brief naps between coituses when he and John had mated, and he was curious to see what it felt like to do it when he wasn’t prey of his hormones and could analyse the sensations. He toed off his shoes and slipped beneath the covers as John scooted on the mattress to make room for him.
Later that same night John found himself using that same gun to save Sherlock’s life. Silently thanking Major Sholto and Sergeant Murray for their lessons, he was able to wound the man who was threatening his master, and rend him powerless.
“Indeed. Anyway, Sherlock’s childhood was the same of any human child. His vampire nature wouldn’t awake till puberty and while Father told him he was different and explained to him some things, Sherlock was too young to truly understand them. Father also taught me about his kind, so I could be able to teach them to Sherlock should something happen to him—as it tragically happened.” Mycroft sighed.
John smiled back, then he rolled on his back and closed his eyes. He felt Sherlock sit up and pull up the blankets to cover both of them. He then reclined again, this time with his head pillowed on John’s chest and one arm around his chest. John tilted his head so he could bury his nose in Sherlock’s soft curls and fell asleep.
First of all there had been the discovery of John’s past as army doctor; then there had been Lestrade’s visit and John’s agreement to go with him on the crime scene.
John almost growled with frustration. Then he took Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him soundly. “This is no sympathy or pity. This is love. I’m trying to make you understand I love you and that sex isn’t important for me.”
Sherlock hadn’t been totally honest with John. Sex did interest him, just not as often and not as much as other people. His sex drive had never been strong, not even as a teenager. It was somehow ironic, because Alpine Ibex males went into rut and the doctors had been afraid he would do the same. Sometimes Sherlock wondered what it could have been like—maybe he would have had the passion his partners said he lacked.  Most times, however, he was just glad he had been spared the indignity of not just looking like a beast, but behaving as one as well.
John nodded again, this time forcing a smile. Young and handsome would be a change compared to his late mate, but that didn’t mean it would make his...marital duties less oppressive than they had been in the past.
“Yes, she is away. And now surprise me: how did you know?” Anderson asked, with a mixture of feigned boredom and sarcasm.
“Really? You know what you could use that money to buy fake documents and leave Britain to live as a free man in another country?”
He flushed crimson in embarrassment as his cock poked against John’s hip. All those talks about not having to have sex and here he was…
The Omega was aroused, leaking lubrication and pre-come on the mattress and Sherlock felt his body flush with an unknown powerful feeling. He felt hot, his clothes constricting...without thinking, he got rid them, sighing in relief as his erection sprang free. He looked at the Omega again and his member throbbed, as the unknown feeling returned. But now he knew what he was. Lust. Want. He wanted the Omega. His always restrained Alpha side was now free and it wanted the smaller man. He wanted to claim. He wanted to possess. He wanted to bite the Omega and make him his. Sherlock growled and moved forward until his knees touched the mattress.
Anderson reluctantly moved away to let him pass, but having recovered from his embarrassment he tried to get the upper hand again. “Whatever you're trying to imply...”
The pool was silent and apparently desert. Sherlock took out the memory stick with Bruce Partinson’s missile plans.
In the end they reached their destination, which proved to be a Victorian house in Baker Street. It was a prime spot and John wondered what was his Master’s job. It had to be an important one, because Personal Companions were gifted only to people who had done something significant for Britain.
As the water washed over him, Sherlock thought about his day. He doubted Lestrade had relented in his determination of not calling him to consult on some case, and all because of how he had treated a witness during a previous case. But what should had he done? Waited until that woman stopped crying before asking his questions? Lie to her and say it wasn’t her fault if his husband had taken his boss hostage, when it was her continual requests for money that had pushed the man to commit his crime? A life had been at stake and Sherlock had done what was needed. Sooner or later Lestrade would see it...or maybe it would be some puzzling mystery to make him change his mind.
"Oh." John was a bit disappointed he won't be able to wear the mark Sherlock had given him, the mark that symbolized their reciprocal trust, but as a doctor he understood the need to heal the wound quickly.
He was about to move when the bed dipped beneath the weight of another person and two warm hands posed on his hips, effectively stilling him.
As Sherlock moved to disentangle from their embrace, John was reminded they were lying on the floor. Grinning he stood up, then frowned with concern when he saw Sherlock limp to the couch and a grab a cane posed against it.
In the end he decided to go for the second option, because he loved Sherlock and wished to do what was best for him.
Sherlock smiled, the fangs giving him a strange expression, and reached out with his hand. John took it and stood up. They kissed, Sherlock being careful not to hurt him with his fangs and John daringly running his tongue over the sharp points.
Sherlock thought about the matter for a while. He found the idea of the bonding mating distasteful, but he could do it if it was the price of his freedom. As for the Omega he would be tied with...well, he had been able to endure Sebastian Wilkes and his idiotic mates at university. He would be able to endure this Omega too.
John sensed his orgasm approach. His toes curled, his belly muscles tensed and he cried out. “Now Sherlock!”
Never, even in his wildest dreams John had imagined that getting fed on by a vampire could be the source of such an intense pleasure, both physical and emotional. Sherlock never took more than a mouthful of blood, and the slight sting of the bite was always forgotten in the wake of the pleasure that followed.
This time it was gentler and, with a clear mind, John noticed Sherlock’s inexperience. Too much teeth and too little tongue. It made John smile against his bondmate’s lips. Of course Sherlock was inexperienced. He had come virgin to their bonding heat and the mating frenzy didn’t really count as experience. Back then, neither of them had cared for the other, but had just wanted to satisfy an overwhelming biological need.
Sherlock hadn’t even protested when John had taken Sarah to the flat after the fight in the Chinese Circus...John’s eyes widened as an idea crossed his mind. Then he smiled. He now knew what he would write on his blog: the recount of Sherlock’s cases—of their cases. He would have to delete the names to protect the innocent and avoid legal suits, but for the rest he would be able to say everything. The world deserved to know how brilliant Sherlock really was, something that couldn’t be gauged by his – frankly boring – “Science of Deduction” site.
John closed his eyes briefly, as if he was savouring something. Then he opened them again and whispered, “I feel wonderful. Never better. Now I know what ‘making love’ means. Thank you so much for making me feel like this.”
John stared at the closed door for a couple of minutes, then walked slowly to his armchair and sat down heavily. He closed his eyes and used the breathing technique Ella had thought him to calm down and clear his thoughts after one of his nightmares. He breathed in and out at a slow rhythm, trying to put some order in his jumbled thoughts and emotions.
“Yes?” John answered, studying his friend’s face. He looked much batter, and the look in his eyes was becoming less confused and more intent with each passing second.
John stood up and started pacing, needing to dispel some of the frustration bubbling inside him. “But sex isn’t everything in a relationship! There are more important things!”
He stepped inside, feeling the comforting weight of John’s gun in his pocket. He had briefly considered taking his friend with him to watch his back, but had rejected the idea. John wouldn’t have approved of such a meeting. He would have insisted on calling the police, but Sherlock didn’t want that. He wanted a meeting between equals. Besides, he didn’t want to put John in danger. He was really fond of the man, who had proved to be a fantastic flatmate, friend, and comrade-in-arms.
. I believe sex is just a messy waste of time, which can be used for something more productive. I accepted you only because I know what usually happens to refused Personal Companions.”
"Wow," John whispered when their eyes locked, a lazy, satisfied smile spreading on his face. "This was really something …"
do, Sherlock, but you can move, if you want. If not, then don’t do anything. I’ll take care of both of us.”
However, unlike before, now there were secret smiles, brief touches and occasional quick kisses when Lestrade and the others were not looking. Sherlock’s boredom fits were now more manageable when they stuck, as instead of shooting at walls and clamouring for a case, he opted to drag John in the bedroom—or let John drag him there.
John was finally able to look at his Alpha’s naked body, as he had not been able or interested to do during their bonding heat.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, and his voice sounded slurred to his ears. He raised his hand to caress his lover’s cheek, the movement very slow, for he felt boneless.
With a sigh, John pushed away all those thoughts and walked down the stair to see if the postman had already passed. He had, and there were a few envelopes on the floor. John picked them up and sorted them. Two were addressed to Mrs. Hudson, so he put them on the narrow table near her door. The others were all for him: two bills, a letter from the Ministry of Health And Reproduction and one without no return address and simply addressed to John Watson.
Mycroft looked at him patiently and with a compassionate expression that didn’t bode anything good. “I’m sorry, but you know the law: all alphas must be bonded by their thirtieth year, otherwise they become too dangerous. I’ve managed to bend the rules in your behalf for the past four years, but this incident has tied my hands. You must bond to an Omega.”
Sherlock also liked sex...when it went right, which unfortunately hadn’t happened often for him. He liked to be close to his partners, to give them pleasure and then bask in the afterglow. He even liked the inane pillow talk...
However, John realized with surprise he was strangely reluctant to ask for it—and it wasn’t because he was afraid of what the procedure would entail. It was because he had the gut feeling he was the first person Sherlock had revealed his secret to and it had been an important move for him.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” his brother answered as he approached him. A moment of silence, during which the sound of the door being locked echoed in the room, then he continued. “I can’t.”
Then John continued his assault on his lover’s body. First his neck, which was thoroughly kissed and licked, as he savored the delicious saltiness of his skin. Then his chest, which was caressed, kissed and nipped, his chest hair smoothed and combed. John pushed away Sherlock’s hand while  he dedicated himself to the other man’s hard, small nipples because Sherlock had tried to return the sensation he loved so much.
Sherlock sighed again – an action John was coming to hate – and said, his voice patient as if he was explaining something to a slow-learning student. “This is your training talking, John. You’ve been brainwashed since childhood to think you want to serve your master. You’re not
“Damn my leg!” John exclaimed irritated. He hated when people felt pity for him because of his limp. Then, upon seeing the older woman’s upset expression, he hurried to say, “Sorry, I'm so sorry. It's just sometimes this bloody thing...” he didn’t complete the line, but he didn’t need to, as Mrs. Hudson had already forgiven his outburst.
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said, the tension in his voice evident, “has something happened to my brother?”
The car was moving slowly along London congested traffic as John Watson stared unseeingly out of the window.
“It was rather inevitable given the circumstance, don’t you think?” John commented, sitting on the edge of the mattress.
“Because I’ve an idea. It crossed my mind that drunk and slumped on a bench in a park, Majors could have been easily mistaken for a homeless passing the night there. I thought it was a possible lead, worth a check.”
Mycroft Holmes smiled again and murmured, “I appreciate it, but I hope it will never be necessary. Now follow me, it’s time to go home. Your phone chirped twice while we were talking and I’m willing to bet it was Sherlock.”
Sherlock smirked and explained, “Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. But the rolled magazine in the pocket of your jacket is a bulletin available only to doctors and it bears your name and address- so Army doctor, obvious. I’ve seen the scar on your shoulder; it’s a bullet wound dating back to no more than eighteen months ago. Your limp's bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then, possibly at the same time you lost your previous bond-mate, judging by the faded scar of the bond-bite.”
John remembered only fragments of his life before he had been recruited by the Royal Harem. He rationally knew he had to have a father and a mother, but he didn’t remember their faces. His first clear memory as a child was of the Residence crèche, where he had grown up playing with other children.
John was surprised; he had never received a letter before. He looked the thick envelope with curiosity and noticed the Royal Harem emblem on it. He turned it around in his hands, wondering what it could be, until Sherlock commented, “It won’t open by itself.”
The Royal Harem became such a fixture that it remained in existence even after slavery was banished in 1833, although the number of Personal Companions trained each year had considerably decreased. Nowadays Personal Companions were no longer slaves, but people under the Crown’s or their master’s tutelage, unable to make decisions on their own, perennial children in the eyes of the law.
Sherlock climbed up the stairs and John followed him, his mind in turmoil. His friend sounded so serious, but really vampires didn’t exist and it was impossible as a scientific mind as Sherlock’s could believe otherwise.
. They aren’t the work of someone’s overactive imagination. They have existed since mankind began, a branch of the
John put on his robe and marched down the stairs, ready to pretend an explanation from his flatmate, but he came to a sudden halt when he stepped in the sitting room.
Finally reaching his destination, Sherlock stormed inside his brother’s office without bothering to knock.
By the time darkness fell again, John made a decision: if Sherlock wasn’t home by the morning, he would alert both Lestrade and Mycroft about his disappearance. Sherlock would probably resent it, but an angry flat mate was better than a dead one.
Steeling his heart and regretting the hurt he was going to inflict, Sherlock walked past John and opened the shower stall. He grabbed his bathrobe and handed a large towel to John. “Cover yourself,” he commanded.
“Too soon to tell. Some of these writings look like the track left from a spider fallen in a pot of ink. It may take time to understand what they say.”
When he raised his eyes, Sherlock noticed John was looking at him with expectation, as if he believed Sherlock’s perusal meant he would now want to have sex with him.
“Yes,” he answered with a small smile. “How are-” Sherlock never completed the line as John threw his arms around him and pulled him down in a strong, almost desperate embrace. Sherlock froze for an instant, taken aback by the sudden unexpected move, then gingerly tried to hug John’s back as he could given their positions.
They reclined, Sherlock on his back, John on his side facing him. Sherlock switched off the lamp and murmured, “Goodnight, John”.
“The Met inspector I usually work with. We...uhm...had a disagreement and he is punishing me by not calling me to investigate on this case.” Sherlock’s voice died as he looked out of the window. “Oh, speaking of the devil...There must have been a fourth one. Suicide, I mean. And there's something different this time.”
The man walked leisurely along the pull edge, “Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?” he commented.
“No. Not exactly. I just want you to know that I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis-”
Then everything blacked out and Sherlock collapsed over John’s body, his arms wrapped around his new bond-mate.
A case was just what he needed to distract his mind from his thoughts about Sherlock, and hopefully it would a complex one too.
“Indeed; as matter of fact I believe she seduced Sherlock only because she was curious about how he would be between the sheets given his physical characteristics. She was always fascinated by his looks...but I don’t think she ever loved or even truly liked Sherlock. Anyway, it took a long time for Sherlock to recover from the heartbreak and from the drugs he used to dull his pain. But in the end he did so and forgot Irene. By that time, we had both moved to London and Sherlock worked for a while for a big chemical firm, but he quit because he found the job boring and began to consult for the police.” Molly paused for a moment before continuing, “Then, when he was thirty, Sherlock met the Bitch…Oh, forgive me John, I meant Janine Hawkings.”
He began to type, his fingers flying on the keyboard, eager to let his readers know about another of Sherlock’s successes.
“In there, Doctor Watson,” she said, speaking for the first time. She gave him a small smile and walked away.
Now he observed as his mate’s long, nimble fingers danced over his mobile, sending out a string of texts with a rapidity John could only dream of. He wondered what kind of job his Alpha had; maybe he worked in the City, which would explain the tailored clothes and the urgent texting.
“Here, let me show you.” The two men moved closer and John imitated them. Molly took a magnifier and moved it over on the victim’s throat. “Here…can you see the difference between the centre of the wound and its sides?”
“Nope. They are like my dear brother Mycroft: normal. I was the only one affected by this.” His Master looked again out of the window and John felt the desire to reassure him, to say him he was beautiful, but he had the feeling the man wouldn’t appreciate it.
As for Sherlock himself, he was completely blind to the people staring and whispering behind his back. He was too busy trying to regain control over the fury that had assaulted him the moment he had read the now crumpled letter he held in his right hand.
“Good.” Sherlock sat on the leather armchair in front of him and looked at him. “You look shocked,” he commented. “Also worried...oh, I see. You’re concerned about not having anything to do and having to be celibate.” Sherlock scrunched his nose. “Well, you don’t need to worry. You can come and go from this flat and look for a job. I think Mycroft could help you to find a place as a GP. You’ll need to have to pass some exams to qualify for the profession, of course, but it could be done. You’re also free to make friends and spend time with whomever you wish, and have a romantic relationship with a partner of your choice, as long as you keep it discreet—the Royal Harem Committee must not know about it. Just don’t bring your partners here, I don’t like new people in my flat.” Sherlock paused for a moment, then asked. “Is that all right for you John? Do you have any questions?”
That had happened five days ago and now John was being driven to meet his new, permanent master, the man he would spend the rest of his life with.
Sherlock almost forgot to breathe in reaction to the blinding smile the House Manager gave him. He knew what it meant: the Omega was ready and the dreaded time had come. He would be forced to bond.
They hadn’t engaged in penetrative sex since that first time-- as Sherlock didn’t truly liked it and John didn’t miss an act that for so many years had been the symbol of his submission to other’s people wants—but they had found many ways to please each other, with their hands, mouths and bodies.
As if he was aware of Sherlock’s scrutiny, John then wake up and asked, his voice rough with sleep, “Sherlock? What are you doing standing there?”
Sherlock turned around, slicking his wet hair back as he looked at the anxious man in front of him. Almost without volition, his eyes roamed the other’s body. He had to admit John was handsome, completely devoid of body hair and very proportioned for his height. Had their situation been different and had Sherlock been looking for a partner – which he didn’t as facts had proved sex wasn’t his area – he would just be the kind of man he would go after.
“Not yet, not yet…” he teased and Sherlock let out a groan of playful frustration, which turned into a moan when John lowered his head and bit him in the spot where his neck joined his shoulder.
John braced his hands on his Alpha’s chest and started moving. Up, down, grinding, rolling his hips, all the moves that made him feel good, that made Sherlock’s cock rub against his most sensitive spot.
That was why he heard the noise of someone going down the stairs, followed by the front door opening and closing.
John couldn’t help but stare. His soon to be lover was all creamy, pale skin and long, lean lines, without an ounce of spare fat on him. His rosy length was erect and perfectly proportioned to his body. John’s mouth went dry at the sight. He had never imagined he would ever consider a male body as beautiful, but Sherlock’s certainly was.
It wasn’t the tidiest place John had ever seen, and he was ready to bet Major Sholto would have had a fit upon seeing the state of the kitchen, but it was warm and cosy. John liked it at once.
Sherlock looked briefly away and frowned; it seemed like he was considering something. Then, his decision made, he turned to face John and replied, “You’re right, but this is the first vampire we meet and neither your gun nor your training will protect you from him.”
Suddenly the sound of approaching steps and of a well-known voice galvanized him. Sherlock jumped up from the couch and by the time the door opened to admit his brother, he was already in the middle of the room.
After a stop at John’s bedsit, where he quickly packed his meagre belonging in a suitcase and a duffel bag, the taxi resumed its journey, until it finally came to a stop in Baker Street. John stepped down the car and leaning on his cane looked at the building in front of him. It was a prime spot and once again he wondered about who Sherlock Holmes was.
He felt a pang of disappointment that John was not awake to meet him, for he knew his friend’s infectious smile and pleasant personality would have done wonders for his mood. John seemed to always know how to cheer Sherlock up.
Sherlock closed his eyes, relaxing under that confident touch, only to snap them open when John’s arms surrounded his waist from behind and his hands paused on his front, one on his belly, the other on his genitals.
A strong wind had started to blow as he had been waiting and John raised the collar of his jacket to stave off the cold as he continued to tail Sherlock. A loud crash coming from his right made him turn his head and he saw the wind had just thrown down a parked scooter. When John returned to look forward he noticed Sherlock was no longer in sight.
As John had fantasized, Sherlock’s long, slightly cool fingers felt like heaven over his heated skin. He discovered some of John’s hot spots and made him moan and arch in pleasure, as John did his best to return the favour.
“Well, the judge is an idiot! How can she even think I would want to steal that man’s boring, needy, stupid Omega!?” Sherlock exclaimed as he continued pacing.
Testing the waters here: I've a complete Sherlock/Mary story in need of a betareader. I know it isn't a popular pairing, but I loved Mary and this just story wanted to be written. Besides, it is all by Sherlock's POV and he is the main character. So well, I would really appreciate if someone could help me with the betareading. I mostly need someone willing to check the story for grammar mistakes, typos and "Italianisms" (weird sentences).
“Good...” John took a deep breath and plunged in. “Then… then maybe you know why he doesn’t like sex.”
Later that night, John was dozing on the couch – he had been too worried to go to bed- when he heard the front door open. He quickly stood up, wincing as his shoulder rebelled at the sudden move and waited for Sherlock to make his entry in the flat.
“Why kill him if he was already down?” Lestrade asked aloud. “The mugger could have just knocked him out.”
“Uh. Good night.” John turned on his other sire, ready to fall asleep again, but Sherlock felt he couldn’t allow it, not before he explained what had happened to him earlier and why he had been so brusque. He quickly crossed the room and sat on John’s mattress.
“But it wasn’t necessary. You never treated me as a Personal Companion. You never obliged me to do anything. You always treated me as an equal, as friend and as a lover.”
Sherlock put down his fork and laced his hands in front of his face, his elbows resting on the table. “I was thinking about what you just did. You killed a man to save one you barely knew.”
Sherlock tied the belt of his bathrobe and shook his head. “Of course you’re not repugnant, and no, they weren’t wrong, I like both males and females. You’re attractive enough and caring, but I don’t want you—or anybody else for the matter.
The smile finally fell from the manager’s face. Sherlock had observed the woman fancied herself to be a matchmaker and not the law enforcer she really was—and she didn’t like to be reminded of that.
Sherlock who had revealed him a secret that could shake the foundations of mankind with the knowledge there were immortal beings looking completely human walking among them.
Molly all but snorted, “John, you know as well as me that Sherlock doesn’t consider you his Personal Companion. And we both know that if you two end up making love, you wouldn’t consider making him happy a ‘task’. You would do that because you love him, and he would try to do his best to do the same in return. But his fear is that his best won’t be enough.”
“Not in a police car, I'll be right behind,” Sherlock agreed, as if he was granting a big favour to the other man.
He kissed Sherlock while rubbing his upper arms, trying to make him relax. Then he moved down his body, leaving a damp trail along his skin. Sherlock let him do it, caressing his back gently, until John reached his nipples. When he licked one of the pert nubs, the Alpha’s fingers dug deeply into his muscles.
Once done, John lingered in the room, where he could feel Sherlock’s presence. Unbidden his memory returned to the night he had given a massage to the other man.
John’s eyes roved over the expanse of pale skin of Sherlock’s chest. He has some chest hair and had a surprising muscle definition, sleek and lean like a feline’s. His nipples were flat and just begging to be touched and licked. John’s hand itched with the desire to touch that skin, to feel if it was as soft as it looked. His fingers reached out almost of their volition...just a touch, he thought almost in trance...a brief one and-
Sherlock stopped cold when he saw John standing near his bed, which he kept almost in the middle of the room in order to have room for his horns.
He hadn’t teased Sherlock, for it was not the moment to show the other man how good his Personal Companion could make him feel. He had just worked to bring him to a quick orgasm, because it was what Sherlock needed.
He also knew Sherlock had a remarkable control over his Alpha instincts. Nicholas Coleman had jumped him and fucked him on the floor as soon as he had seen John was in heat. Sherlock instead had been gentler, and even taken the time to first ask if John agreed to the bond. John hadn’t expected it, and he had been strangely touched by the gesture because – in the last glimpse of lucidity he had before need engulfed him – he had understood the Alpha would have backed away had John been against the bond. Now, that wouldn’t have changed John’s destiny, as he would have been paired with another Alpha, but still it had been nice to have his opinion asked. It had boded well for their future life together.
Sometimes Sherlock wondered what it would be like to have John as lover and partner too, but thoughts never went too far. He didn’t wish to press John in any way, for he was always aware that while they behaved as equals, ultimately Sherlock had all the power in their relationship. Moreover, the scars left behind by Victor, Irene and Janine were deep and he wasn’t keen on adding more.
Mycroft leant back on his chair and folded his hands in his lap as he calmly stared at his enraged brother. “It was this or a Knighthood, Sherlock. But as you know, we can’t let the public know the Mayfair Ripper was a distant member of the Royal Family, nor we couldn’t let the press wonder why you were awarded with such honour. So the Crown thought this would be a more appropriate reward.”
John’s eyes snapped open. For several seconds he stared at Sherlock with a fixed, unseeing gaze. Then he blinked and murmured, “Sherlock?”
Later that afternoon John, Sherlock, Lestrade and Donovan went to St. Bart’s pathology department to listen to the results of Anthony Majors’ autopsy performed by Dr. Hooper.
After that traumatic experience, Sherlock had vowed to follow Mycroft’s advice, to stop caring about other people and live as he was surrounded by goldfish, but he was different from his brother. Maybe it was the Ibex in him, but he craved companionship. He longed to have...a herd—and along the years he had managed to create one. Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade: they were all members of his small herd. Sherlock looked after them and enjoyed their company.
“Brilliant! Yes!” he exclaimed as he whirled around the room in glee. “Four serial suicides and now a note. Oh, it's Christmas. John, I'll be late. Might need some food.”
“I’m going to the pub,” he said to Sherlock, who was awake and eating a sandwich. “There is match on telly. I’ll probably be home late, so goodnight if you to bed before I get back.”
“I find it difficult to believe given how you approached me in the shower that first morning or what has just happened here.”
Poor Molly, with her long, unrequited crush and her devotion to Sherlock. John wondered if he too was destined to such a life. It wasn’t an attractive prospect. Maybe it would be best for him if he found another place to live, but his heart clenched at the idea of leaving Sherlock. He was sure his friend wouldn’t take it well, and it could ruin their friendship as much as making a pass at him.
“It had happened that when Sherlock arrived to Janine’s place with the ring, he found Janine in bed with two whores. In the confrontation that followed, she told him that she wanted passion in bed, and since Sherlock wasn’t able to give it to her, she had decided to find it elsewhere. This happened three, almost four years ago, and since then Sherlock hasn’t shown interest in anyone…until you.”
Their parents and Mycroft himself had tried hard not to make Sherlock feel like an outcast, but it was impossible to shield him from other people’s malice.
And then one morning, something had happened. He had been summoned to Supervisor Ashton’s office, and he had gone, fully expecting to receive the details of his next assignment.
John smiled broadly down at him, and Sherlock smiled back, as they stared, happy, into each other’s eyes.
John smiled broadly. “Then it means I will have to treasure them—but never as much as I treasure you, Master.”
John took a deep breath and looked at Sherlock’s blown black pupils. “You OK?” he asked, unable to be more articulate.
John retracted his hand and watched dazed as the other man stood up and walked to the kitchen, where he disappeared after he closed the glass-like sliding doors.
John propped himself up with his elbow and switched on the bedside lamp. “You can't actually believe that you saw some kind of monster?” He asked, his tone less annoyed and a bit more concerned.
Cursing under his breath, he switched off the water, dried himself and walked to his bedroom clad just in a towel, hoping that lying down would help.
A wave of Omega pheromones invested him, almost paralyzing in their intensity. Sherlock shook his head, trying to clear his mind from the dizziness. Then he took a step backward, trying to get away from that disturbing, intoxicating scent, but the orderlies stepped in. He was pushed into the room and locked inside before he could even realize what was happening.
They there now face to face and John didn’t hesitate in hugging Sherlock, pulling him as close as possible.
“Good evening, Ma-Sherlock. I hope I’ve not done anything wrong. I saw it was getting late and I thought it was best if I went to buy something,” John had said with a smile.
A few minutes later, John found himself lying on sweat soaked sheets, with Sherlock’s body slumped over him.
John grinned too as he stood up. He was deeply grateful for what Sherlock had done, but understood the other man did want to downplay the magnitude of his gift. So he went along with playful tone and added, “I see, you would be lost without your trusted sidekick.”
Twenty minutes later John looked at the crime scene in Regent’s Park with disappointment. He had been expecting some weird circumstances or puzzling detail, but so far he couldn't see anything that warranted Sherlock’s involvement. The victim, a white male in his thirties, was lying on his back on the grass, arms stretched, and looked asleep but for the deep gash at his throat. From what Lestrade and his team were saying, it looked like a mugging ended badly; the victim’s wallet, phone and watch were all missing.
Sherlock’s moans were no longer full of pleasure. They sounded pained, full of frustration as he increased the pace of his ministrations on himself, without result. A few strokes later, Sherlock had let go of his angry-red cock and slammed his fist on the mattress.
The Omega smiled at him as he spread his legs in invitation. “You’re beautiful, Sherlock,” he whispered with a slurred but still nice voice. “Such a good looking, strong Alpha...”
Sherlock climbed on the bed and scooted up the mattress on his hand and knees. He used one hand to stroke the other man’s back, intrigued by two scars that marred his skin. One was a surgical cut near his kidneys and it looked quite old. It probably had been made to remove the O-Gland. The other scar, instead, was much more recent, and looked like a bullet wound. Uhm...the Omega was getting more and more interesting.
He had an experiment to complete and then he would take Molly out. There was a nearby cafe that served delightful pastries, and his friend deserved a treat for giving him such an interesting specimen to study.
Their passion mounted, and Sherlock slid off John. “On your side,” he commanded with a breathy voice as he reached out to take the lube from the bedside table.  John didn’t lose a moment obeying. He rolled on his left side, and a moment later Sherlock spooned against him, sliding his now slick hard shaft between John tightly pressed legs.
Sherlock watched beneath half closed eyes as John’s face contorted with pleasure. He felt a bit guilty for not doing anything to increase his partner’s enjoyment, but it felt so good to just stay there and be loved, without being pressured to transform the encounter into an erotic performance. Just enjoying the ride, watching John take pleasure in his body, stroking his own cock in time with his up and down movements, until he felt warmth spread in his belly and his balls coil in their sac…Two stroke more and Sherlock came with a load groan as John’s inner muscles contracted around him in a way that was almost painful. He barely felt John’s come splash on his stomach, so lost he was in his pleasure.
In the beginning John had expected things to be a bit awkward or hesitant as they settled in the new dynamic of their relationship. He had expected they would need to adapt; instead they had fallen into it with such an ease it was like they had been together for years. They were still best friends, and their relationship adapted from there.
John raised his head and took Sherlock’s lip in a kiss, which started sweet and chaste, but turned passionate as John opened his mouth to the seeking tongue probing against his lips.
John felt a sharp but brief sting in the spot where his neck joined his shoulder. He barely had time to register it that it was gone, replaced by a sensation of warmth, pleasure and wonder.
For the fourth time during the visit, John nodded. He just wanted to be left alone and be able to spend in peace the time before the start of his heat, without having to listen to the platitudes of a woman who hadn’t the slightest idea about the life most Omegas led after being bonded.
It was already sunrise when this monumental realization stuck and John felt almost giddy with joy. He couldn’t wait for Sherlock get home, so he could tell him.
Sherlock snarled and dropped down to lie atop of John, their hard sexes trapped between their pressed bellies. Grabbing at each other’s shoulders, they started moving, tentatively thrusting and rocking. Soon, also aided by the pre-come smearing their bellies, their movements became surer and easier, each of them the perfect counterpoint of the other. The friction on John’s length was exquisite and so was for Sherlock, if the rapt look on his face was an indication.
“In the same way I see you think your ordinary looks is the reason you haven’t been chosen until now, and try to compensate to your lacking as best as you can-”
For a moment he eyed the open door, mentally calculating the odds to escape from the room and that cursed building. He had friends in his homeless network who could hide him and money stashed away under a fake identity. He could leave England and relocate in some country that didn’t enforce bonding...but he didn’t want to. As much as he considered himself above silly sentiment, Sherlock loved England. He loved London and the life he had built for himself there. And – even if he wouldn’t admit it aloud even under torture – he loved Mycroft too and would miss him if he left the country.
Mycroft Holmes watched as his brother stalked away, then placed a phone call to the Royal Harem to arrange for the delivery of Sherlock’s Personal Companion.
John nodded against Sherlock’s chest, and said nothing. There would be time later to ask for a more detailed explanation.
“It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me,” Sherlock explained as he walked closer. He stopped near the armchair and added, “You're a doctor. An Army doctor.”
John tensed. This kind of information wasn’t easy to obtain. This person, a man he guessed, but it couldn’t be sure because the voice was so altered, had to have a mole in the Royal Harem Committee.
After a few minutes John became aware Sherlock hadn’t moved from his position behind him. He turned his head to take a look and his breath caught in his throat: Sherlock’s fangs were down, stark white against his lips. It was the first time since they got together Sherlock showed them outside of the bedroom during sex, and John was captivated by the sight.
Why had John to do that? Why had he ignored his instructions? Wasn’t his Personal Companion supposed to obey him? And why had he to be so attractive?
“One day Sherlock came to visit me at Bart’s. He was so excited and nervous he was almost giddy. He showed me a ring he had just purchased; he had decided to ask Janine to marry him. I complimented him for his choice and told him it was about time he proposed. Then I sent him on his way and prepared to make plans for his wedding. I watched him walk away with a spring in his step I had never seen before…only to see him return two hours later, head bowed and shoulders slumped, the jeweller’s box still in his hand. I knew at once his devastation didn’t come from his proposal being refused. I led him to my office to give him privacy and I saw him collapse on the couch, head in his hands as he broke in front of me. It’s something I hope I’ll never see again...” She shivered, as she relived the moment.
He disappeared to the bathroom as John shook his head in fond amusement. Then he stood up and joined his lover under the water for a quick shower.
As John’s bonded Alpha he had all the rights to have his Omega attend to his needs, but…there were two big ‘buts’.
“I…love…you…” he tried to smile, but never completed the gesture as his body went completely limp and his eyes closed.
Thus it wasn’t really surprising John had felt any kind of grief when he had been told his Alpha had died in the same attack where John had been wounded. As a matter of fact, he had been far more shocked by learning that his injuries had made him unable to continue to be a soldier and was going to be honourably discharged.
Sherlock then turned to look at John, who was still lazing on the mattress and exclaimed, “What are you doing still there?! Come on, there is a dead man in St. James Park, hanged by his feet!”
“No. She offered to give me your file, but I didn’t even look at it. Remember, I had to ask for your name. No, I just observed you.”
They had reached the building entry gate and a man wearing a forensic suit was coming out, a frown on his face.
Warmth liquid bathed John’s belly and he watched enraptured as Sherlock threw back his head and groaned, his face contorted in an ecstasy that seemed almost painful as powerful as it was.
Surprised and filled with a warmth that had nothing to do with the prospect of sleeping beneath a quilt, Sherlock lost no time. He toed off his shoes, shed his jacket, and slipped in bed.
“Yes, you said. Fear, Sherlock Holmes got scared, you said,” John commented, still annoyed. “Can I return to sleep now?”
He knelt near Sherlock in the dim light and saw how unnaturally pale his face was. Then he noticed the hand Sherlock was pressing against his neck; it was covered by a dark, thick, viscous liquid.
John lowered his head to kiss his Alpha’s nose, cheeks, eyelids, as under him Sherlock kept on arching and wriggling to increase the friction on his aroused sex.
Sherlock nodded, relieved, and threw his head back against the pillow as John started moving up and down on him, his body causing a delicious friction on his aroused flesh.
“Oh...don’t sell yourself short, Mr. Watson. I know you’re his Personal Companion.” There was a rustling noise, as if the talker was checking papers. “You were gifted to him exactly one month and two days ago.”
When lack of oxygen finally forced them to part, both men were flushed and panting. Sherlock the looked up at John with expectant eyes, making him chuckle.
John loved kissing with Sherlock, it always managed to touch an emotional cord inside him. Most of the times they kissed just for the pleasure of doing it, without any need for more, but today John felt Sherlock harden against his thigh and he welcomed it. He couldn’t think of a better way to celebrate his freedom than to make love as a free man.
A spike of pleasure ran along his body and Sherlock closed his eyes, to better enjoy the sensation his hands were causing to his body.
John was still smiling as they climbed the stairs toward the upper floor, but his merriment disappeared when he saw the body of a dead woman lying on the dusty floor.
A door at the back of the room opened and a well dressed man appeared and it was a familiar face; Jim of IT, Molly’s boyfriend.
