“But that’s not all, is it? You’ve already been pretty angry before that. What did you mean? You didn’t live but you survived? That’s… a severe thing to say.”
he would stop him, bring him to a halt, make him look at him. John realised he would have to kneel in front of Sherlock to do so, he would be towered by the whole beautiful expanse of consulting detective. And he wouldn’t mind. It wouldn’t mean what it would look like. It wouldn't be an offer nor a demand. It wouldn't mean that he would take a subordinate role or lie at Sherlock’s feet to be kicked around. No. He'd never want that for either of them! They were equals, neither of them deserved that nor had the right to do that to the other. That's what all this would be about. It would mean to meet each other on eye level, partners, together. It would mean
Therefore, he was all the more moved when he saw Sherlock make the decision; when John realised he was willing to take the leap. Above all, with him
"Sherlock, stop it. Right there." John reached for Sherlock's face and held it in both hands. "I enjoy seeing you all dressed up in this lace and velvet and purple and eyeliner," a shiver ran down his spine. "But not, because I want you to look like a woman. Or because I somehow mind you being a man. I just… like it." He shrugged. "And part of it is that I enjoy knowing it's
Eyes closed, starting with a terrible headache, Sherlock mentally scanned his body for further damage. Doing so it was as if he could feel every single one of the 700 muscles and 206 bones in his body. He checked them one by one while naming them, making sure his brain wasn't affected by whatever has caused his current state. But he couldn't detect any signs of major injuries or fractures. Nevertheless he felt like he had been struck by a truck, as if he had hit the pavement.
The only thing he wished for was to be allowed to watch his Miss Pirate, without being constantly afraid of anyone coming too close, maybe even wanting more of her than John would accept without killing them immediately. Like touching, for example. Or dirty talking to her. Or even devouring her with their gazes. Or actually
the subtlety of a lumberjack. He placed his hand lightly over John’s, ran his fingers over his palm to settle for linking their pinkies in the end, not sure how comfortable John was with obvious hand-holding in public. John immediately reacted to it by clenching his own pinky around Sherlock’s as if to link them permanently by touch alone. John only shifted a bit in his seat, a small smile lifting the corner of his mouth, but didn’t acknowledge Sherlock any further.Trying not to sigh too obviously Sherlock turned his head and watched the outside world float by; it all seemed so small and irrelevant at this moment when his whole world expanded infinitely in this car right now. Where was John taking him?
“That referred to…,” Sherlock said under his breath and only waved his finger in front of his upper lip.
, Sherlock thought.
"In that case I'd rather go with ‘vampire’," he growled.
Worse. John didn't want to imagine 'worse' compared to the current situation. He stayed quiet, waited, didn't know what to say.
They tried to fill the awkward silence with drinking each a couple of pints, but eventually Greg thumped his glass on the table and looked over at John across their cleared plates.
"Dinner?" John squeaked. "You know 'dinner' is code, right?" John laughed. Greg frowned.
That at least hadn't been a dream. Or maybe it had but the result was all the same.
"You're halting in your movements for absolutely no reason."
“Very good.” John purred and was surprised by a quiet, apparently held back whimper on the other end of the line. Hmmmm, now
Sherlock held his breath. This… was not… the plan. He tried to ignore the horror creeping up his intestines. What had he done? Why, for hell's sake, had he said this? Send this? Where had it come from? Sherlock's knee was nervously bouncing up and down.
“To be honest… I can’t…” He raised his hand a bit from where it hung at his side. John’s heart skipped a beat when for a brief moment he thought Sherlock would take his hand. Sherlock’s hand lingered in the air for the fracture of a moment, but in the end he pushed it violently into his coat pocket and started walking again.
Not knowing how to react, John started unlacing the boot in his lap and slid it off the foot still clad in a thin stocking, now torn in places of intense contact with the rough material of the shoes; the holes causing ladders vanishing underneath the trouser leg. Oh God, shit! Sherlock hadn’t just kept on the panties but the stockings as well. Which meant… fuck fuck fuck. John’s breathing sped up, uncontrolled, irregular. Sherlock only watched him, switched feet, when the first shoe was dumped to the side. When the second foot was bared he left it in place, kneeded John’s rock hard penis through the fabric with his toes. John almost felt dizzy from arousal.
All this was worrisome enough, but it was only the peak of an iceberg. The iceberg in this case was Sherlock being literally presented center stage, fully lit in blinding spot light. This left the audience area in an impenetrable darkness, which made the hair in John’s nape rise in alarm. To add to the not quite comforting display, Sherlock was flanked by the two gorillas that had followed around the man who called himself Spider and also, which made John’s blood boil, Miss Pirate’s self-proclaimed “fan”. The cherry on top of the iceberg-cake was the gun pointed at Sherlock by said fan. Well,
An envelope. Brown-ish big-ish envelope. No address, no sender. Stabbed to the mantle… his mantle. How did it get here? Who brought it here? Why was it stabbed to the mantle? Sherlock was painfully aware that there weren’t that many possibilities. Not many people knew about this habit of his. If it wasn’t a coincidence… which it wasn’t…
“Seriously?” John couldn’t hold back his laughter. A low grunt was the only response. “You’re not pouting, are you?” God, this man was truly adorable.
(See the end of the chapter for
And I think I can help you with the question about how people find your blog while not being in the community. I have the suspicion that @lookingforcluesbecauseeveryoneisobviousexceptjohn might have hacked my laptop again and found my blog where OBVIOUSLY reblogs of your posts can be found LOL (seriously @lookingforclues???).  You should know that… I came into this community because I have my own Idiot Genius at home and I happen to be his (whatever he likes to call me) friend/colleague/assistant/lifesaver/flatmate/idiot. Only, you know, it’s as if our life is the perfect fic-trope… he really IS that Idiot Genius and I really am that coward badass that doesn’t dare to tell him that I’m insanely in love with him for years now. So… here we are, talking through your blog!! Send him a big hug from me!! I’ll be home in a few hours! He better have updated his blog by then!! I want to see his “preferences” LOL
Sherlock wasn't sure anymore if his hollow laughter had been voiced out loud.
Squeezing his eyes shut and forcing himself to keep his breathing even, he tried to magically make the intruder disappear by pure wil alone. He frowned when he realised that the footsteps had stopped approaching. Actually, there was no more noise whatsoever. Maybe, whoever it was had gone away without noticing John. Maybe he had been lucky… for once in his life?
From deep inside his belly rose a bubbling laughter; one of the kind John had almost forgotten existed. A deep warm chuckle from the other end of the line met his own glee somewhere in the middle of his place and wherever this ridiculous, mad, but fascinating man might be right now. As far as John knew it could be anywhere in Britain, even though the line was supposed to be located in London. And God knew what this "handsome hot guy from next door" actually looked like. Could just as well be an overweight retiree with greasy hair, pepping up his pension while lounging on his sofa in his sweatpants, sipping beer. A sexy voice didn't mean anything and goddammit, why did he even care? John frowned after the laughter slowly died down, surprised by himself.
“This song though,” John said, still a bit out of breath, “well, it means something to me. At least, here. Now. Because...
"..."
John slammed the door shut behind him—at least he tried, but that damned thing just slowly and silently slid shut and snapped into its lock. He scowled at it as if the stupid door would care. For good measure he also punched it with his fist, which he regretted immediately.
”. Honestly, those names! Although, there was one person who would be allowed that name—John Hotson would be pretty accurate—but what in God’s name could be the excuse for a random ordinary blog to claim this honour. Either way, there was work to be done…
~~~~~~~~
He was once again dressed impeccably. His hair, still a bit sweaty, had started drying and gotten sticky by now, but he knew it wouldn't affect his looks in any negative way. To the contrary, it looked styled, sleek, fancy. It suited him. Nobody would surmise the dust covered skin and muscles sore from exhaustion underneath this flawless outer shell.
“Wha’ happened to you there, mate? Seen a ghost?” the cabby asked grinning, still munching irritatingly squishy on his gum.
"It was a game, John. Games are for playing…"
Sherlock only growled menacingly and tried to corner John, who opened the door behind his back, grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt and pulled him to follow into the bathroom.
Abruptly Sherlock's focus shifted and narrowed down when he felt John's thumb slowly stroking over the side of his hand palm. Fascinated he watched the miracle of the tiny movement which held such an immense impact. The sturdy doctor’s hand brushing slightly against his own. He wasn't entirely sure if it was intentional but he certainly wouldn't complain. When John spoke again, Sherlock's eyes snapped up to John's, which knowingly glittered with mirth. Intentional then. Even better.
Day in day out, his life was like being stuck on Groundhog Day — wake up from nightmares, get up, get something to eat, most likely not eat, take a walk, try to read, can’t read, try to write his blog, can’t write it, watch some telly, be bored, maybe eat something, most likely not, clean his gun, wonder if this life was worth living anyway, not having the guts to end it yet, have a drink, go to bed, maybe have a wank, most likely not, have a nightmare, wake up...over and over again.
“Can’t you deduce it?” John huffed a laugh that ended up more sad than amused.
“I’m not suicidal!” John exclaimed.
The song he had heard at Battersea still lingered in his head; he knew that he knew it, but had been too dumbstruck to really recognise it. '
He kept staring at the low ceiling in the dark and Greg's words were ringing his ears.
Dear readers,
is, ever since I put the costume of the Purple Pirate back on, the way you looked at me changed. More so, the way you treated me was different, too. Only ever when I became Miss Pirate, as you like to call me then.”
John closed his eyes and tried to breath.
"It's… it's good. I'm fine. It's fine… I… I don't mind…"
John sucked in a sharp breath and stared at Greg in horror. He felt lightheaded and there was a faint thrumming in his ears. He wished the ground would open and swallow him up. But when he surfaced again, he realised that Greg was looking empathically at him, friendly, supporting, worried.
"You forced me to order a dish."
“You didn’t stay in a hotel room either.” Sherlock offered. John laughed, aware of Sherlock’s evasion. He obviously seemed to enjoy this.
"Will you know?" Sherlock asked hesitantly.
John remembered the moment after the bonfire incident. He'd wondered. Was it someone trying to get to Sherlock through him?
God, yes. Please.
The inspiration for Greg's boat comes from Rupert's hilarious movie "Swimming With Men", in which his character lives on a houseboat, too.
“Not nosy at all, yeah?” John laughed.
In the end, together they managed to shimmy him out of his denims; with some awkward hopping, a lot of affectionate giggles and stolen kisses whenever possible. It was as if now they had given in they weren’t able to stop; not that John wanted to. Not at all. If it were up to him, he would spend the rest of his life kissing these lips.
John felt Sherlock tensing up for the fraction of a second and his caresses lost their rhythm for a short moment, before he had himself back under control, trying to stifle the clearing of his throat. John closed his eyes. He was well aware of what Sherlock had heard between the lines. That was the whole point, wasn't it? He pressed a small kiss on Sherlock's neck.
“Well, if it is of such importance to you, I’ll see what can be done. I assure you that Dr. Watson won’t have to miss any of the comforts he had grown accustomed to. I assure his every need will be met. There will be no hindrances for him to live a satisfactory life. Even if I still doubt that this is the best solution there is.” Mycroft finally agreed.
"Still, can I make it up to you? A coffee on me maybe?" And the guy had the nerve to wink. At him! At John Watson! Who even did still wink these days? Were they all out of their minds today? Winking, doing yoga right in front of him, saying things…
He forced himself to keep walking, not to look back. Nothing good would come from that. He was certain about it. He had thought about it thoroughly. All the time. He had made a decision. It was better this way.
"Huh?" John, eloquent as always when he was out of his depth. A rueful smile quirked Sherlock's lips. He had loved that puzzled look on John's face. He still loved it, even just the thought of it. His heart writhed in pain, twisted in agony. He wanted to see that look on John's face again, among a million other things John's face had to offer. Yet, he was afraid of his own reaction if he would have to face John again. Would he be strong enough? He knew he wouldn't. He had to keep John at arm's length. But wasn't arm's length still close enough to reach out, to touch, to pull close, to hold…?
“As my P.A. you have to assist me under any circumstances.” Sherlock said, seriously.
"Make that one more on your list to be punished for!" John licked one hot wet stripe up Sherlock's exorbitantly long and enticing neck. Just underneath his earlobe, one of Sherlock's most sensible spots, he latched on and sucked hard.
Sherlock's face looked even paler than the rest of the revealed skin, cheeks hollow, dark shadows surrounding his eyes, bloodshot eyes, his gaze glassy and empty.
'Above all the others we'll fly… This brings tears to my eyes'...
No answer.
"He's not a threat," Sherlock's eyes were fixed on John with an unfamiliar trilled glimmer and undeniable heat in them. "He's… escort." Sherlock’s eyes flipped back to the man in the cab who nodded slowly, pursing his lips.
If John had led Sherlock to this, it would be his fault - again. This time John would never be able to forgive himself.
Mycroft's phone rang. Mycroft cut the call without looking, without reacting, without moving.
“John…” Sherlock said sternly.
On the bedside table he discovered an open pack of paracetamol and a glass of water.
John swallowed. Sherlock squeezed his hand slightly. The screen had long gone dark again.
His heart rate sped up, only this time not because of the dizzying hotness of that memory, but because he felt honoured, he felt proud of being the one Sherlock had chosen to actively show himself to, to open his eyes.
John tried really hard to not let himself be pulled into this game of Miss Pirate, but he failed tremendously.
first of all: thank you for being here! For reading, commenting, kudos, bookmarks, whatever. Thank you!!
He'd come back after their argument, because he couldn’t just leave it this time. He had been desperate to convince John to drop that issue, to accept it the way it was as the best possible solution. No need to get angry about things one couldn’t change after all. He just wanted to forget, some rest, some peace, some… oblivion. That would be bliss…he’d never opt to remember.
Now though, they needed to get moving. Facing the goal isn’t the same as reaching the goal. John thought about his flowchart again and realised that they’d just taken a big leap. He was already half way down to the bottom of the sheet and heading in the right direction. Joy bubbled up in his belly and the tingling of barely contained anticipation spread through his body.
In the opening, door handle still in hand, there stood Sherlock.
When John finally caught up and understood the meaning behind it, he rubbed his hand over his forehead and grinned in disbelief. This man’s trains of thoughts were as intricate as the shady back alleys of Soho.
"It is." John confirmed. Because it was true, no need to deny that. Although it wasn't that simple. "That doesn't make it any less special though. And it was exactly what I needed at that point. But that wasn't all…" Sherlock was fiddling with John's fingers, pinching the skin on the back of John's hand. He was nervous John realised. As much as he craved it, Sherlock had difficulties to accept praise which wasn't simple adoration of his skills but heartfelt appreciation of his person, of who he was. John stored that insight away for later. He'd have to work on that.
John looked at Mycroft with an inquiringly raised eyebrow, but Mycroft picked up where they had left as if nothing had happened. Yet, the atmosphere in the room had shifted and wasn’t in the slightest as laden as before, for which John was actually grateful. Mycroft stroked his hand palms over his thighs as if to flatten out non-existing crinkles in his trousers. A clear sign he intended to end the conversation and leave. Suddenly John felt a strange kind of nervousness bubble up, like the fine fizz of ginger beer that made throat and nose tingle. When Mycroft left he would be alone with the letter. He still didn’t know and didn’t dare to speculate what it contained. Somehow this letter felt crucial and opening it like a milestone. When Mycroft left, John couldn't stretch the moment any longer, his own responsibility to open the letter at some point. He had to admit, he was afraid of what it might contain. Opening it felt like a step of no return. He didn't want to waste any precious time but he also didn't want to end what hadn't even started yet any earlier than necessary.
“Buttons or zip?” Scott asked.
You can’t imagine my delight when I stumbled over this by accident during my (insanely excessive) research for abandoned buildings in the London area for Sherlock to dance in. One of the ridiculously-happy-research-moments for this fic. I really think I deserve them as compensation for the horribly-frustrated-screaming-moods the idiot boys put me through while writing this fic. They really don’t listen to me. I swear!! Not. My. Fault. All complaints can be sent to the Consulting Husbands, 221B Baker Street, London.
“I take it that you are well aware of my... and John’s that is… somewhat … tense living situation lately.”
“We’re here now, Sherlock! Together! We’ve been given this chance to try again, yeah?” Sherlock turned his head and hid his face against John’s neck. John could feel irregular puffs of warm breath ghost down under his collar. Fists were tightly clenching the shirt on his back.
“Uhm… That’s mine. Not yours.” John frowned.
Wavering between anger and guilt and disappointment and melancholy John punched the mattress with his fist, the one holding the phone even though the phone wasn’t the one he’d like to punch. But who was it he wanted to punch? Sherlock? Himself? Fate? Life in general? He heard the unspoken ‘punch me in the face’ quite often, but sometimes he would really like it not to be subtext.
He smirked and knew he had won. He had melted the ice. And oh, wasn't that the most uplifting feeling he had ever experienced?
much longer than anyone ever dared to expect. Don't even know how you got through it without strangling him on a regular basis…”
“It happened to be the last remaining bit I used.”
He felt a prickle in his neck and when he turned her piercing eyes followed him through the room. He glared at her. This was beyond all boundaries of what was okay. He was about to look away when she finally rose again, not without teasing her chosen one as well as John by whispering something in the panting man’s ear. That piece of shit had the guts to laugh and smile at her, shove a considerable stack of cash under the seam of the willingly presented stocking with a wink. One last trail of a finger on the guy’s throat, one last look into John’s eyes and Miss Pirate turned and slinked her way over to the stage. Without knowing how much time had passed, without being aware of anything around him, John had only eyes for the enigmatic and enraging creature wrapping an entire room full of people around her finger. Damn her for thinking she could do that to him. He could barely wait,Just she wait, he was definitely giving her a piece of his mind on this matter.
Slightly turning in his office chair, Mycroft greeted him with a blasé: “Sherlock”, which was accompanied by the tight smile peculiar to Mycroft. Sherlock was never entirely certain what it was meant to express. Surely not joy to see him nor affection towards him, as these were sentiments Mycroft wasn’t capable of. So was it just social nicety? What a wasted effort then, especially between the both of them. Their relationship had been sorted a long time ago and did not include niceties in any form ever! Sometimes Mycroft was just irritating, or rather he always was, and that was probably exactly what he was aiming for.
Immediately a compilation of images flooded Sherlock’s mind of all the occasions John had been there at his side, gun ready to fire, the Captain Watson demeanour transferring without any doubt better not to mess with him.
Nonetheless, he checked his phone once or twice. Couldn't decide if he was relieved or disappointed that it stayed quiet.
"You're home then?" A fact with a question mark. A question asking for more than a simple answer.
"John, stop winking at me. It's distracting."
With that Sherlock reached for the lace panties and pulled them up until they clung to his arse and his groin like a second skin. He adjusted his flaccid penis to point up.
together? Jump
"Why?"
This wasn’t good! Panic rising. This wasn’t good at all! But why? What happened? John heard Sherlock’s voice in his head: ‘
There was a small whimper coming from Sherlock, who turned and headed in high-speed towards the living room. Somehow, that didn’t help one bit to ease John’s mind.
Maybe that was it… John needed to save someone to save himself? Would he call Sherlock for advice for that? Or was he looking for a case where he could satisfy this need? Who would be a reasonable person for John to save though? He was really at a loss as to how he would get to know that without asking John. Maybe he could ask… Mike? Or… would Mrs Hudson know? Although, that had to wait till morning. He could hardly storm into Mrs Hudson’s bedroom. That much even Sherlock did know…
"Do you want me to stay?" Greg asked quietly.
“No gay love interest either.” Sherlock almost yelled. “Although, that might not even have mattered…”
"Breathe, love." John said softly. And Sherlock did. His lungs sucked the air in greedily. He gulped it in; it almost burned him from the inside.
“Yes, I hear you.” Sherlock said. He didn’t know if John realised that he had answered his question.
“Dance for me, Sherlock!”
A strangled sob escaped John’s throat, he raised a hand to cover his mouth to drown any sound that would reveal his presence. He had to get out of here. And that as fast as possible. He had to get out of Sherlock’s life.
"Fuck. Shit." He turned on his heels. Rude, he knew it, but he had no time for decency. "Buggering fucking
Well then, the hole in the ground had opened up after all. But John Watson wouldn’t be a soldier, if he couldn’t handle a major crisis. And even more, this was one he had actually foreseen. Although the world around him started to whirl, John tried to focus.
Sherlock hummed happily before their mouths were silenced by a deep passionate kiss.
When the music started, Sherlock’s posture shifted immediately. Radiating determination, vigour. His eyes snapped open and his fierce gaze bored directly into John’s soul. There was no doubt about Sherlock’s seriousness in this. John could feel Sherlock’s volition and power seep down his own spinal cord and spread through its axons until every single corner of his body was brimming with tension.
It is not my intention to downplay the severity of this condition by using characteristics for it in this chapter. I rather took some creative license with the song, as Sherlock identifies his current feelings with the syndrome. He's just not sure yet, who is the captor and who's the hostage. That in itself should make him wonder, but he's beyond logical reasoning at this point...
He couldn't remember why, but his whole body felt sore. He was lying in bed and didn't dare to move. Not before he was sure what had happened to him.
The tea alone wouldn't be so frightening. They were Brits after all. It was always tea-time. And tea was the solution to everything. But… Mycroft? Three-piece-suit-Mycroft? Someone-hand-me-the-paper-to-wipe-my-arse-Mycroft? Standing in his own kitchen, no staff to be seen, suit jacket shed, preparing
Reaching out his arms he jumped forwards, his knees hitting the floor, hard. He didn't care.
“No. No, it doesn’t.” John laughed, the humour reaching neither his eyes nor his heart. “But what has recently, Sherlock?”
“The shopping!” Sherlock yelled up the stairway.
“Well, it wasn’t me doing the shopping,” John laughed.
Looking back up he was immediately met by Miss Pirate’s razor blade sharp gaze. What the fuck did she want from him? Never breaking eye contact with John she was writhing on the other man’s lap, rolling her hips in time with the music, licking her slightly parted lips. Tugging on her prey’s hair, Miss Pirate made the man look up at her and John for the first time got a glimpse at the face of the man with the dead-wish. He scowled. That face was a bit too familiar. That fucking bastard. Her biggest fan? Yes, John could see that now… God, he should have treated Miss Pirate’s lovely admirer to a cosy little get-together with his fist when he still had a chance. What a wasted opportunity! He instantly hated everything about that man—his short blond hair, his casual but still stylish clothes, his compact and muscular build, his smug smile, the silvery chain around his neck, the… wait, were those… dog tags? A military man? Honestly?
"If I was making fun of you," he said much more calmly, without any hint of teasing, "I'd never ask you to come home and do exactly that."
What was John thinking? Was he even thinking at all? Which Sherlock doubted anyway from time to time! What could
John huffed and turned, looking forward to easing his mind with some more delicious Pirate… and was presented with an empty stage. Damn, shit fucking camel's balls. He had missed Miss Pirate leaving the stage. Where was she? That dickhead had totally distracted him. He wondered if that had been the reason for Mister Creepy-Crawly's turn up behind the stage. Had he been here deliberately? Maybe even especially for Miss Pirate?
"Cruel name calling isn't your style, John."
to say it, otherwise I’d never forgive myself and well, here I am. Can I come in?" She looked expectantly at him. A bit wary, a bit determined.
“Oi, you git!” John nudged him. “No need to ruin my trousers.”
John stopped mid-motion at his sight. What the… What had gotten into his friend? Something like this had never happened before during the weeks of their living arrangement. Greg had always been more than careful and respectful of John's boundaries concerning privacy. And they were mates. Whereas Mycroft…
Then, of course, John was alarmed by his reaction but when John wanted to pull his hand back, being the considerate person he was, Sherlock’s distress had only increased, because… had he already ruined it? They hadn’t even had a chance to clear up
This day had been packed to the point of bursting. And now, he was still stuck on the bloody platform of the bloody underground which for whatever reason wasn’t on bloody schedule and he would be Even Later!! Damnit.
*stop*
pretty quickly
John swallowed. Talking, yes. That’s what they were supposed to do.
"*sigh*"
Sherlock huffed.
essential factor that had brought them together when they first met. Back then, he hadn't thought twice about it, just assumed that it belonged to her standard repertoire. If it hadn't been for Miss Pirate all cat-like stalking up to him and quite literally pinning him down, they wouldn't be here today. Without that, he would have gone home to his horribly boring bedsit that night and, if he would even still be alive at this point, he'd probably still wank over the memories of Miss Pirate grinding and licking the dancing pole. Nobody could expect him to have any reservations about the dancing pole. Not even himself. Jeez, just thinking about it now. Speaking of… Where for fucks sake had all those dancing poles gone to? He needed only one. Just one!! Couldn't be
I lash out, I hurt who’s closest to me without restraint.” His legs felt jumpy; about to run. He held firmer on to the kitchen counter, felt his arms shake with the effort.
There was a link at the bottom of the mail which said exactly the same - 21 guns - and until now John had avoided to open it.
He stood in front of the glass door leading from the kitchen to the garden terrace and watched the same green grass as the day before, when the first text arrived. He felt his stomach drop at the all too well known text alert. John had never been aware that he had a personalised one. He had always been so furious about the ridiculous text alert of the woman woman, without knowing he had one himself. But then, how should he have known. It's not as if they were texting when they were together in the same room. Why would they. So John wouldn't have been able to notice. And Sherlock would certainly not tell him.
know that problems could be solved. That, how awkward or painful it might be, there was a way to address them. Knowing Sherlock he suspected that Sherlock had indeed never learned how to actually
John wondered if the fume building within him was actually visible on the outside—escaping his ears? Setting his face on fire? It most certainly was, as Miss Pirate had the guts to still hold his eyes while she was literally making out with another guy. How dare she? John wanted to look away, but wasn’t able to. So, he had to bear the image of another man’s hands grabbing Miss Pirate’s thighs while she made bedroom eyes at John. He had to witness another man lean forward and press his face between her breasts, while she grabbed his hair and bit her lips, hooded gaze fixed on John. He had to endure the guy’s greedy hands gliding up the most delicious neck in the universe, Miss Pirate tilting her head, looking from under her fluttering lashes into John’s narrowed eyes. When those hands that were not his’ reached the glorious curls and fingers tangled into the shiny chocolate hair to pull it, his churning guts turned into a thunderstorm; because he knew what it fucking did to Miss Pirate—it was the one thing that always, without failure, did his partner in. He fucking knew, that the way Miss Pirate closed her eyes in pleasure was too fucking real.
when he met his old med-school friend Mike at Regents Park, on that one day of all the days that he finally decided to leave his flat and join the world outside; still depressed, still seeing no purpose in life but also determined not to lose
“Stop that farce, Mycroft!” Sherlock snapped. “This is absurd!! What would that even mean in this case?”
"Why would you annoy me on purpose?!"
"Actually, we have to hurry, Mrs Hudson. I'm sorry. But we're just on our way to the club." Sherlock said apologetic but also kind of evasively, John thought.
He raised his hand and slid it along John’s neck to his nape and held it there gently, looking at John expectantly.
“You’re aware you’re not my commanding officer, right?” John grinned.
John felt himself blush deeply. Not that it was anything noteworthy among blokes - how often had he been witness to other men's secret or not so secret self-pleasuring in the army as well as among the rugby mates. Only, this time he couldn't, by any means, recall what had happened. On the outside, so to speak. What had there been to witness? John prayed to whoever wanted to listen that he hadn't called out names… well, one name. Or that… shit shit shit… they were on a boat, right? Did such a bloody thing move? Like a camper van or something? Freaking hell. John growled.
Wait.
!" he actually yelled, storming down the street, trying to catch a cab while running. He faintly heard Mrs Hudson call after him, but there was only one direction he could think of—back to the club.
and almost eagerly staring at him.
Sherlock just so prevented to roll his eyes, because…
(See the end of the chapter for
"Isn't that convenient?" Sherlock purred. "Two weeks of quarantine with no-one allowed to come near us. Not even Mrs Hudson. Especially not Mrs Hudson. Two full weeks to ourselves, undisturbed, with a refilled stock of mascara and eyeliner. And if I might say so… with quite a few new inspirations…
"..."
“You are calling me now — ” Apparently Scott didn’t get what John had wanted to say.
"Good."
“What’s left?” he asked, to keep it going.
“Beer?” Greg suddenly asked cheerfully and stood.
When he entered the living room, Sherlock stood in front of the windows, facing away from him. Even though the man didn't turn or acknowledge him otherwise, John was absolutely certain that Sherlock had noticed him. It was the minuscule shift in the tense line of his shoulders and a note played a fraction of a second too late that gave him away.
"What are these?"
"So, do you want to eat or not?"
Finding himself still holding his phone pressed between his hand palms, Sherlock hurried to punch in a new message.
His arms still spread to his sides, behind his back, Sherlock felt the power unfurling in his muscles, the energy with which they were forcing his entire movements. The strength of his bend arms seemed to spread beyond his limbs, beyond his body, beyond his mind ... wing-like.
out. Apparently you have found a suitable living space for the time being.” He sounded sour. Why did he sound sour? Was it because his ‘arrangements’ hadn’t been necessary after all? Wasn’t this exactly what he wanted? In that case, why was he that annoyed with John?
"Of course I do. The Cadogan Pier. Of course I know. One time there was this smuggler that I located on…"
“Ah… I see…”
“John… do you—by any chance—know the reason?” He snapped his eyes open, looking as if John had to know. His annoying ‘we know’ face… his face. His lovely face.
Sherlock punched the armrest of his chair in frustration but by accident he hit the metal frame. He swore and held and rubbed his hand.
“Honestly?” Scott somehow sounded pensive nonetheless. “No one has made it this far...until now.”
The night was endless agony, ink-black and dreadful. Full of unbidden thoughts. Filled with futile memories. He didn't even succeed in hiding in his mind palace. All he wanted was to be somewhere else. Someone else. Anyone.
My beta insisted on the warning to be sufficiently equipped with tissues before starting to read this chapter. So. There. You're welcome.
When Mycroft arrived back home, he found Sherlock darting from kitchen to living room to dining room and back. A junkie in need of a fix. If Mycroft wouldn't know better, he'd pack Sherlock in the boot of his car and take him to the next rehab. But on the whole planet earth, there didn't exist a rehab to cure him from this addiction.
,” John pushed himself to more confidence. He had nothing to hide after all. This was what he wanted and this was what he wanted Sherlock to know.
me xxx
*** link to song within the chapter (underlined) and in the end notes ***
Sherlock’s heart didn’t know what to do
He knew. He finally knew. Finally.
He inhaled shakily, held his breath to calm down and blew it out again through pursed lips. He repeated it again and again until he could feel his racing heart slow down. A technique he had often applied against anxiety attacks. In pre-John times. Also during in-between-John times. John Watson was a perfect remedy against anxiety attacks. Now apparently, he had to revive the old methods, reintegrate them in his repertoire to survive life.
John huffed. They drank their tea in silence until John’s teacup suddenly stopped mid air.
"Yes. And?" John looked expectant at him.
“Silly,” Sherlock huffed but carried on talking anyway. “Well then, after my hair had dried and still no significant effect was visible I tried out the treatment with benzalkonium chloride. Despite better knowledge I held some hope for the effect of the chloride components. It was worth a try,” he shrugged.
“No. Nooo. No, Mycroft. No no no no no!” He got agitated, kicked out of concept. “NO!” He whirled, slammed against the doorframe, struggled. “No. Absolutely no! No, Mycroft. No.” He angrily slammed his fist against the wall, drawing blood. Leaning heavily in the door opening, arms spread, hands braced against the frame, he let his head hang between his sagged shoulders and swallowed several times before he was able to speak again. But the only thing coming forth was a whispered “Mycroft…”
"Oh, you silly!" John laughed heartily and pulled his beloved nutter in for a kiss long overdue.
"Wait… all that still doesn't explain why
In a flash he was wide awake again.
He heard the familiar beeps and got nearly lulled into sleep while waiting. His eyelids grew heavy and his eyes sacked close, when he heard the click of the line connecting.
He would have laughed about this craziness his evening had turned into wouldn't he have been blown away by that gorgeous creature he had just met.
“So, take a good last look at your…
“Body hair I said, body hair I mean.” Sherlock murmured, almost not audible through his skull-dotted mask. He was leaning over and intensely studying the next display of beauty products.
“Yeah, maybe,” John said, forcefully. “But that’s not going to happen, okay?” He made it sound as if one could just decide it, just chose to make it easy. “That’s what we both need to learn. What we have to stop doing: running away. We’ll talk it out. We can do that yeah?”
While wishing his mind to pretend, to lead him to the place of no sentiment, he glimpsed a dark spot out of the corner of the eye. That hadn't been here before. Definitely his imagination going wild then.
, John tried to actively push it down. He had to concentrate. Best not to pay any attention to whoever was so rudely disturbing his safe haven which was the bubble of silence and detachment he had created for himself in this otherworldly place. If he stayed as far away as possible, maybe they wouldn’t realise he was there, they would leave again and give him back his desperately needed space. Why couldn’t he just be left alone? By anyone really. He wanted nothing more than to have somewhere to himself, a place to retreat and lick his wounds. Wasn’t that what hurt animals did? Seek shelter, take care of themselves, wait until they were able to return to their lives as if nothing had happened? Well, he felt as bruised as a miserable little house cat after being attacked by a panther. A place to recover really wasn’t that much to ask for, was it?
, the sound of a voice he thought was long forgotten echoed in John's mind. Now he thought about it, there was even quite the resemblance between both men. John shook his head, a rueful smile on his lips. He shouldn't be surprised, but he was after all.
He had found his way home that day in a daze and luckily – or not so luckily – he was distracted by these morons threatening Mrs Hudson. All the words spoken at Battersea power station gone and forgotten… but were they? Hadn’t he thought about them? Each time he’d come here?
The next days went by in a haze. There were nights and days coming and going. Like a merry-go-round Sherlock wandered from bedroom to kitchen to library to dining room to library to dining room to library to bedroom. There were meals with Mycroft, meals without Mycroft. There was the bed, chairs, sofa, bed. He wasn't much aware of anything. He spent most of the time making use of Mycroft's outstanding book collection. He wasn't picky, because there was no trivia to find in Mycroft's collection anyway. Except for the section labeled politics, he completely avoided those. Otherwise, he randomly picked a book from the shelves and settled in the armchair by the window. He read about how to make your house bomb-proof, about the composition of the balm preserving the egyptian mummies, about different species of butterflies, Shakespeare’s Henry V and an atlas of the northern hemisphere’s star constellations. Usually, he read until it was time for the next meal. Often, he didn't know which meal it was until the moment he entered the dining room.
saying?”
As if snapped out of a dream, Sherlock inhaled sharply, eyes flipping up to John’s. As fluent and quick as an escape artist Sherlock removed his pants and took hold of John’s hand to join him.
Although there was this one life he had tried to save over and over again. One life he cared for beyond all others. And he had failed. Put it at risk over and over again. Had made this life miserable, had made this life unbearable, had made this life a hunt. Maybe John was right, he didn't know how to save a life. He already felt himself getting weak again, he was close to failing… again. John wouldn't be aware of that, of course. That was not what John was referring to. Why would he.
“But you never go a day without shaving.”
But then he had started listening to the lyrics and John had started to sing along. This wasn’t just any music, this was highly emotional and probably important to John. When John had raised his head and Sherlock had seen tears streaming down his face, his first instinct had been to fly to his side, take away the pain, dry his tears. Only then he had realised that this probably wasn’t welcome. John had been furious during their argument, he wouldn’t just let it go. That’s not the way John Watson was wired.
thought, you of all people would notice. Moriarty probably just thought that I was pleased to see him."
Bracing himself, he pushed open the doors to his John-room and stopped dead. He couldn’t believe his eyes.
He had been foolishly happy during his time with Sherlock. It had been the best of times!
When Sherlock had finally spoken it had been not much more than a whisper: “If only you knew…”
“Yeah… no… sorry,” Sherlock said, quietly.
John led the way, Mycroft in his wake. John was fidgety, didn't know what to do with himself. So he did the first thing that came to mind. Tea.
What was that supposed to mean? Honestly…
“But I thought… you said…,” Greg looked at him in confusion.
"I'm trying."
Mycroft huffed, but kept looking straight ahead and said nothing. Sherlock glared irritated at him.
"I didn't tell anyone. But Harry and I… she knew. We both knew. I would have denied it if she'd ever asked though. But we knew.” He paused for a moment, actively taking in the moment. Reminding himself that he wasn’t just recalling his past, but telling about it. Telling Sherlock. For a reason. “There was this guy…"
John paused. Huffed. Set down his cup of tea.
The sudden silence was deafening. Sherlock stopped abruptly and spun around. In the blink of an eye the expression on his face changed from fury to shock to joy to dread to puzzlement to wariness… to embarrassment. His face turned an alarming but also quite endearing shade of deep red.
"Shit, Sherlock… Fuck…" John panted. "Stop. Wait… Sherlock…" He reached down for Sherlock, helplessly fumbling to get hold of the over-enthusiastic vampire. "Come here. Come here!" he puffed out, voice hoarse, breath ragged, and pulled the man up when he finally got a grip of the back of a neck, of a bony shoulder.
Being in a sentimental and disillusioned mood he stood from the crouch and stalked over to their little stereo equipment, which has rarely been used in all the time he had lived here. They hadn’t needed it, either because Sherlock had been playing his violin or Sherlock had been sulking and banning any noise from the flat or Sherlock had been working and not wanting to be distracted. John huffed, only now aware that he hadn’t had any word in those decisions either. What had been his influence in this life of theirs at all?
Well, that wasn’t exactly what John had expected, let alone hoped for. It was neither of the two options he had considered. He was left on the no-mans-land anywhere in between. That was also the reason why his tension hadn’t faded in the slightest yet. Everything was still open, nothing certain, John still left in the dark. He felt a shimmer of annoyance, even anger, rising at the horizon of his emotions. Why would Sherlock leave them in the same place they had been in before? Why leave them in the same vagueness of everything and nothing? What had all of this been for then?
“Thought about going out?” Greg sounded insecure. “Only if you’re okay with it of course! Didn’t want to assume… Actually, I think you really could do with a change of scenery to be honest. Clear the head, ease the mind, have some fun and so on…,” he tried to lure John in. "Sound good?"
On the way, John started typing a message, taking his time, trying to steady his shaking hands.
John made a step towards her, staring into those familiar eyes watching him in such a foreign way that a shiver ran down his spine.
have afterwards." John wanted to interrupt him. He heard the inhale that preceded the words. But he wouldn't let him. He had to get this out. Had to be done with it. He couldn't let John live on with illusions Sherlock wasn't sure were still possible. Normally John wasn't
the hair. Bum means crease means perineum… holy shit! Well, better get done with it then. Taking hold of Sherlock’s slim hips he stopped him in his turn.
“Huh?” John’s head jerked up at the sudden change of mood.
Shit, this wasn’t helping. And sure as hell it wasn’t helping that she still held his gaze, fluttering her lashes from time to time, seductively lowered her head, lips a little pouted and wearing a wicked little smirk.
John was relieved and grateful that Sherlock had thought about it. The thought warmed him inside, around his heart, in his chest, tingling in his belly. The self proclaimed sociopath taking precautions to keep others safe; arranging a mass tracking to get people tested he didn't even know. Some kind of sociopath he was… Well, maybe a bit after all considering the devilish grin forming on his lips...
All he knew was that, until this moment, he hadn’t realised how much he had needed and missed what was now right in front of him. He had been a drowning man for the last year, desperate to drink in the sight of his Pirate back on stage—tall, proud, confident, stunningly beautiful and sexy as hell.
Without a second thought he grabbed her wrist—when he got the chance that is; when it wasn’t held too high above her head for him to reach it; wouldn't do if he had to ineptly jump like a toddler aiming for the door handle to reach it. He grabbed it hard—too hard, he knew—and yanked her away from Mr Handsome.
“What? I thoroughly thought ahead and ordered everything we’ll need for the upcoming period. All our needs will be satisfied.”
, John thought. He had survived Afghanistan to meet Sherlock after all. And then, there was the miracle of Sherlock coming back from the dead. So, he had been lucky at least twice…
“Ssshherlock? Why do you have Greg’s phone?”
Didn't matter. He didn't need a steady hand for what he had to say. He had thought it through. Thoroughly. There was only one thing he needed to say.
"John…?"
“No, nothing.” Scott cleared his throat again, continuing much more composed. “And where were you heading to when you met your friend?”
Sherlock's eyes grew wide and John heard his breath hitch, but the rest of him was frozen in place. The bobbing of his Adam's apple, the only movement John could detect when he slowly circled him, the tracing finger moving from chin down the neck over a collarbone to the shoulder before brushing over the upper back, the neck. He could see the small hairs rising at the touch and a shiver rolling down the spine before he moved on, the same way backwards circling Sherlock's other side.
John was all too aware that the teasing was back full force.
He was very aware of the warm, lean and very male body he was holding; all bone and muscle, no padding to soften the edges. Taller than him, he had to look up. And he didn’t mind one bit. He was always looking up to Sherlock anyway, so…
"Because I do! Just because… it's you. I did from the first moment we met, even though you gave me enough reason not to. But I knew it, Sherlock. I
The low silky baritone voice came as a surprise but oddly suited the exotic creature. It ran down John's spine like warm honey.
“Perfect. Now hold it in a tight grip and move your hand up and down, the amount of strokes depending on the state your...cock...is in at the moment.”
been worried.” She admitted, a bit insecure, letting it sound like a question.
Sherlock had been busy with his recovery, being annoyed about how slow it all went, getting fidgety in the flat not able to do much except staying at home solving minor cases via the internet. John had tried his best to be patient and help Sherlock in any possible way.
“Right. Okay. Just… uhm… tell me, if you… uhm… need my help. Yeah?” He nodded violently, more to convince himself than to convince Sherlock. “With… anything, really. Just say the word, yeah? I’ll be…” He gestured vaguely with his thumb over his shoulder. “I’ll be on my way then yeah? Glad, we’ve spoken. I’ll… uhm… stay out of your way then. Shall I?” He turned on his heels, took a step and turned back. “Just… take care, yeah? And we’ll…” He fished his phone out of his coat pocket. “We’ll talk?” He asked unsure. He still didn’t know how far this ‘I-need-my-space-thing’ would go.
Why… where did that come from?
? Honestly? Shut the fuck up, Scott!! — his stomach seemed to interpret that particular thought in a slightly different way than the somewhat lower regions of his body. In the end, it wasn't the “Take Me” sign but the “Take Away” one that made him stop in his tracks. Hmmm, what did they say? A good meal could be just as satisfying as a good shag? Well then… John happily made his choice, even more motivated by the daily two-for-one offer. 'Two-for-one' did sound rather nice considering the food-sex-comparison, he mused…
“Yeah. Same.” John answered without even thinking, worrying his lower lip.
Unfortunately, this chain of thoughts brought back the memory of recent events after all. And as much as he wished to, he had to admit that it all felt much too real to have been a dream.
"I don't know, I don't have a plan in this case. Do you?" Mycroft asked, almost desperate. John only shook his head, because if he had he wouldn't be here, would he?
“A Purple Pirate, John!”
"Ey, what do you think you're doing?" Greg called, leaning on the kitchen counter with one hand. Molly had busied herself with slicing some courgettes.
"I hope, whatever is in that letter, my brother has thought it through well." he said, while shaking John's hand. "If you're ever in need of help, you know where to find me." He nodded, took his briefcase and went to the door.
promise though is that this fic will be finished. I just didn't take a pandemic holding the world hostage into account when I started posting this fic...
“Right train?” was the first thing Scott wanted to know. Typical.
Shaking his head a little, with that small strained grin that never reached his eyes, which predicted someone was in real trouble, he had added: “The problems of your past are your business. But believe me, the problems of your future... are my privilege. I’ll make sure of that if you come anywhere near me or Sherlock ever again!"
, his mind helpfully provided. John swallowed, letting himself slide down against the kitchen cupboard's front until he was crouching the way he had done not that long ago.
Sherlock threw himself into his dance and John, released from the intensity of Sherlock’s eyes, took a shuddering breath. He watched Sherlock variating between turns and leaps and miraculously sliding over the dust covered floor. It was a quick shift between fast and slow, bold and small, confident and contained. It looked torn, it looked indecisive. Sherlock’s face expressed it all at once and John wondered how that was even possible.
"Sorry." Sherlock sighed. "I'm sorry, John. It's just… All this," he gestured around himself, "reminded me of how much you enjoyed it — me being the pirate. And it made me wonder if you'd secretly want me to be more feminine or dress up for you or…"
“I intended to set up an experiment to compare the different brands and types on their texture, the durability, the comfort of application and removal—even for untalented people…” Sherlock smirked and John nudged him with his shoulder which turned out to be a full-body bump against Sherlock, who didn’t draw back but rather welcomed John’s form flush against his own and quickly trapped him in his arms.
“We’ll find a way, Sherlock. We’ll figure it out.” John tried to reassure him.
, Sherlock thought sourly.
“You don’t think there’s more than just friendship, right? That he’s an… dunno… alternative, or something? Or even a replacement for you?” It wasn’t easy to unravel the expression on John’s face. Amusement, irritation, worries, fondness, empathy. Why empathy? Sherlock just shrugged again. There was nothing he could say in his defense.
Sherlock was paralysed, he was outplayed, he wasn't able to calculate his next move. In the end, this truly was a draw. It just didn't feel as peaceful as he had hoped. He was nervous, his heart hammering frantically in his chest. The only way left was to wait… for the next move of his counterpart, to see what turn the game might take. Admittedly, it was no longer a game. It never had been. It had always been much more. It had always been… everything. And still was.
"Okay… right…" John let it sink in for a moment. Nodded. Frowned. "Elle…" he tested the feel of it in his mouth, watched Sherlock while saying it again, "Elle." After a while he drew his eyebrows together. "Why Elle though? To emphasise the female appearance? Elle… that means 'she' in French, isn't it?" John mused, watching Sherlock curiously.
With that thought a memory of Sherlock in that ridiculous disguise of a waiter flashed  before John’s inner eye. It hadn’t felt good to reunite in that first moment. Initially, John had not been able to feel anything but betrayal and anger. Although, after letting it all settle a bit, that had changed quite quickly! John at least had tried to find peace with it. His only purpose had been to be back with Sherlock. But what about Sherlock? It didn’t seem as if Sherlock had found any peace at all as distanced as he had been lately, brusque, retreated.
"No? Are there more…"
"Alright, love, relax." John said soothingly, shedding his captain's character. "You got this. We'll get this done now, yeah? And afterwards, we'll make you pretty and spend a nice evening at a shady night club solving a saucy murder, yeah? Sound good?"
Right, John reminded himself, Sherlock might not be new to sex in general but John couldn’t just base his expectations and the way he approached Sherlock on his own experiences. This was new—they were new together—they had to learn together, get to know each other. Make a new start. So John took a deep breath, he hoped as discreetly as possible not to give Sherlock a wrong impression, and tried to radiate all the positivity and anticipation he felt about their situation. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s waist the tiniest bit, moved barely noticeable closer, just enough to catch Sherlock’s attention again, making him look up again.
"We could…," John started, the corner of his mouth twitching mischievously.
He could physically feel the absence of the scratch and could barely stand the soft caressing of the high thread count fabric of the duvet cover. He nearly craved to be back there. Didn’t it mean oblivion and bliss despite all the hassle? But who’d care about the surroundings when everything faded out and left the mind so delightfully blank.
“This, what I’m feeling now is so much  more intense, so much more overwhelming. It makes me…” He felt himself get out of breath, his breath becoming shallow. He was apprehensively looking at John looking reassuringly back.
“So”, Mycroft began his brotherly speech by stretching the “o” to an unknown length. “To which extraordinary occasion do I owe the pleasure of your company at this, for you at least, uncommonly early hour of the day, brother mine?”
“John, you have to know, no matter how this will go, because,” he looked up, met John’s gaze which held the warmth and comfort of an afternoon wrapped in blankets on the sofa, “I can’t promise anything, John. And not because I don’t want to, it’s just… I have absolutely no expertise or resources on how to do this. I’m not good at it. I don’t know what I’m doing and I don’t know if I’m doing it right and…” John held his hand a bit firmer, still gentle, still careful, but grounding. Sherlock took a deep breath and with the air leaving his lungs the words left his mouth, “It’s so very important to me. Will you keep that in mind? Please? Because the importance of something never determined the damage I might inflict…”
The reply was a deep sigh.
But Sherlock still didn’t understand.
there had been a big chance that John would see it! Although, interesting that John checked on his kinky gay blog at work.
After going through his morning routine, he was finally under the spray of the shower, not moving at all he reveled in the warm water running over his tired body. Big drops trickling from his hair down his face onto his pecs, washing away the aches of the night.
His head spinning, his chest freezing in place, his knees buckling, his body rising.
Sherlock was stunned into silence, he could do nothing but exist
Sniffing once, shaking off the insecurity creeping in
"Sorry," John chuckled. "I couldn't resist."
“But if you didn’t want to lose me, as you say, then why… I thought… You were tired of me. I’ve become a burden for you.” Sherlock said, urgently, as if he wanted it to be confirmed. Was that what Sherlock had thought? John’s heart was pounding frantically.
'Oh I remember'...
"What's he brought for you then?" Greg asked tentatively.
Despite everything Sherlock had hoped for which he knew had been nothing more than wishful thinking, he had never expected that it would be quite this dreadful. John had been so uninterested in all of Sherlock’s efforts - he had never asked, had never wanted to know - really know - about the why’s and how’s. He only ever wanted to go back in time. As if that were even possible.
“I have no control over it. It just happens.” He turned around, needed to see John’s reaction, look him into the eyes. John was standing next to the table, close, only two steps away from him, still at a safe distance. “You know what can happen when I lose control, John. Remember Baskerville?” A short nod, although not as repulsed as Sherlock would have expected. The expression on John’s face was rather one of concern, of affection. He even took a step closer. Sherlock flinched back.
He squeezed his eyes shut, a fresh wave of heat rolled through his body. He took a deep breath, opened his eyes and looked at the mess he'd made. There was nothing left to save, he just gave up. He crumpled the fabric where it was soiled and used the rest to wipe and clean hands and belly and groin area. After a short check he deemed his clothes tolerable and redressed himself. There was nothing to it, he had to do some laundry tomorrow. There also still was the evidence of yesterday night's incident hidden behind his backpack next to the sofa. Maybe it wouldn't look too suspicious if he'd just wash all his bed linens.
Sherlock grinned like the cat that got the cream.
Both fell silent, knowing that neither of them could provide an easy answer of a few words. Too much water under the bridge, too many bridges burned, too many words unsaid.
and more...
“John, please.” Sherlock looked pleadingly at him and John fell silent. “You’re entitled.” Sherlock said calmly and lowered his gaze. Watched his hands, which were now folded around the paper cup. Engulfing it nearly entirely. When John vehemently shook his head no and sucked in air to contradict him, a deep frown appeared on the bridge of Sherlock’s nose and he spoke hastily without giving John the chance to voice his thoughts.
"Much to my regret I have to decline." Mycroft said. "This time." He added nonchalantly, looking at Greg.
Suddenly the stage was brightly lit by a spotlight and the curtain was drawn, revealing some weird decoration. A fisherman's net, a barrel, even a stuffed parrot on a branch and a Jolly Roger in the back.
Honestly — this couldn’t be happening. He couldn’t
He waited. Shifting. Fidgeting. Growing impatient. Jittery. Feeling the time running through his fingers like the fine ivory sand from the memories of his youth... of the beach during campfires, lying on towels in the shadows, enjoying the view of the ocean in the distance and dark hair and blue eyes close by. Of tempting lips curled around a cigarette.
"Maybe we should just give up the fight. Fighting for something that isn't there. Fighting with each other. Just… truce. No winner, no loser. Tie game. John. Maybe this game has to be over. 21 guns… remember?"
No agenda meant no rules, so John took her hand and just followed his instinct on how to comfort both of them. He walked them over to the bathroom, opened the tap and let the water run warm. He never let go of his lover's hand and she just stood quietly behind him. When he put in the stop to fill the bathtub, she frowned.
“No!” Breathless.
he thought.
"Yes."
John continued vigorously before Jenny could interrupt.
"Don't be ridiculous, John. But you could pay attention to basic metrical knowledge to not insult my ears."
“Yes. What…” Scott said eagerly.
It took him quite a few days before he became aware of Miss Pirate's performances becoming even more daring and provocative than they were to begin with. At first, it was just a leg lifted a tad more, the skirt pushed a bit higher, hips swaying broader, piercing eyes gazing even more seductively.
"John!" Sherlock called, pulling John back into the moment, already reaching for the door handle. "Do you have your gun?”
After a while during which Sherlock barely dared to breath, John's voice came tired and muffled through the phone. He could hear scratching close to the speaker. John was running his hand over his face? Through his hair? Sherlock could see it before his eyes as if John was standing right next to him.
“As it is for me.” John said just as seriously, not letting him from the hook.
usual placement of the lyrics in the text = chosen by the boys
Better grab the chance and leave unnoticed as long as he could, thought John. He peeked around the corner of the pillar he was sitting behind to check if the coast was clear.
"Obviously." Sherlock's mood threatened to shift.
It hadn’t been there when he had left. He was absolutely sure about it. There, on the mantle. Stabbed as all the things he couldn’t find an answer for. Mrs Hudson kept telling him that he wouldn’t need a new mantle if he was any good as a detective. Maybe he wasn’t after all. Because there it was and he didn’t know how or why or what to do about it.
"Oh, believe me, that'll be absolutely not a big stretch for me, babe." John growled, his recent encounter in mind.
"Why are you here?" demanded Sherlock to know, throwing nervous glances John’s way.
John dropped his head into his hands. He sighed deeply. Running his fingers through his hair, he inhaled.
John tried to come to terms with the undeniability of Sherlock's absence. He had to admit to himself that it was probably pointless to keep trying. It was absurd to still keep up hope. But he had a hard time giving up. He couldn't. He wouldn't.
Slowly he came to a halt. Arms raised, relaxed. He bent his knees as if to underline the stability and strength of his stand and he'd like to think of his emotions, too. Tentatively, Sherlock started swaying his pelvis. Trying out his equilibrium. Provoking his body. Challenging it to show any weakness. Any struggle. With growing confidence he became more and more daring until his hips snapped almost obscenely wider and wider, from side to side.
“Probably not, no.” John huffed, too wound up and breathless to manage a laugh, at the same time freeing his desperate cock, sighing with relief when the pressure finally eased a bit.
John shook his head and smiled fondly at the image of his boyfriend rummaging through their living room, digging into heaps of newspapers, making cushions and blankets fly until he emerged with a triumphant grin.
Even though he knew it was not part of the plan and unlikely to happen, he caught himself foolishly gagging for a single glace in his direction or the tiniest bit of attention like the worst kind of groupie; while at the same time he had difficulties to retain the urge to snatch her out of reach of any male being which wasn’t himself and lock her up in an impregnable tower like the worst kind of overprotective dad. Dad? Did he honestly just think
It had felt pretty urgent when he had been alone with his hand last night though.
Jesus Christ, Watson, get a grip!
Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
!" John agreed.
So it seems that he had to rely on his own techniques. He just had to assume that he knew John well enough by now. He did, didn't he? He knew that man better than he had known any other person in his life before! Never in his life had he spent more time thinking about someone than he had about John! He could do this!
He squeezed his eyes shut for a fraction of a moment, just to gain back a little self-restraint, to get back his breath under control and to prevent himself from coming in his pants this very instant.
"No, they don't. Josy is a cis woman, no drag queen. It's still her artist's name, that's what people go by; next to no-one knows or uses real names. She calls herself Josy Bakers, after Josephine Baker—amazing woman! That's one of the reasons why I took a liking to her—she's not as much of an idiot as others."
"Ohhh… if I didn't love you so much, you foolish boy, I'd pull your ears and tie them under your chin!" she had snarled. “Drink your tea, young man. You look horrible!” She had nudged Sherlock’s cup a bit closer. “And that’s not negotiable! It’s an order!”
“What did you answer him?” John chuckled, enjoying the brotherly bickering.
“Yeah, whatever, you loony,” John laughed. “I didn’t understand a single word, but I fully agree. It’s about time. Almost at the flat though… bus is already coming.”
*** link to song within the chapter (underlined) and in the end notes ***
“Shut it, Greg.” John looked embarrassed.
Sherlock immediately realised that he had painfully missed the touch. He hadn't known this touch before, hadn't had it for years and only now, after ten mere minutes without it, he was aware how desperately he needed it. He took a deep breath. Calmed.
"And in absolutely no way, John Watson, I'd take you to bed now and show you all the thingssssss I like."
He would have given everything for this life with Sherlock. He had. Every part of him was at Sherlock's disposal. He had nothing more to give. Right this moment he was sure that there would never again in his life be the need for it anyway. He felt drained and empty and as hollow as a shell, nothing left within. This had been the last blow to make the construct that was his life crumble . He has had some hard and depressing and gruesome and downright unworthy times in his life, but this somehow felt worse than all of them combined. Somehow this felt like the end of everything, of all paths his life had taken coming to a dead end.
“John!” Sherlock yelled. John didn’t stop.
"Yeah, me too." John hummed. "But will I ever be able to keep my hands off of you?"
*****
“Not to the same club. Apparently, it wasn’t the right one to be for this occasion. We’ll have to try others.” Sherlock explained.
From time to time Sherlock also asked him to change his attitude and demeanor as his so to speak pimp. Sometimes, he wanted John to be more jovial and cheerful, in his conversations just hinting that he wouldn't mind sharing his companion for the right amount of payment. Other nights, he spurred John on to be even more harsh and intimidating than usual and to immediately cut off every single conversation about Miss Pirate whatsoever. Then again on a few occasions, John apparently needed to appear clueless and naive in regards to any offer and any suggestion that he was anything other than Miss Pirate’s devoted and loving boyfriend.
John watched the man and his minions suspiciously. Something was very very wrong.
Hesitantly he picked up the phone, the handset traveled to his ear in slow-motion, he didn't dare to rest it against his skin, to touch, to connect. The lump forming in his throat made it impossible to voice any form of greeting, so he concentrated on breathing and moving to go sit down in his chair. For a last shred of safety.
“Uhm… missed my stop? Remember?”
A thought popped up. John must have been there to collect the mp3 player - afterwards. John had been there. He had seen Sherlock dance.
*play*
“No, I guess not...” John admitted, stunned. It was true. He had to confess, he’d rather stay than run. But regrettably that wasn’t the deal, right?
“Sherlock,” John whispered, voice thick with held back tears.
"No! I…"
He knew what he saw, but he barely recognised the man. This wasn't aloof and controlled Sherlock from not even two days ago. Neither was it annoyed or brooding Sherlock. Not even ruffled and exhausted Sherlock. This wasn't Sherlock at all.
For the first time Sherlock had the chance to interrupt John's rambling. His heart was doing funny things in his chest, as did his voice when he spoke, but John apparently didn’t mind.
“We can use that illegally distilled corn schnapps the one client gave us. Alcohol works much better anyway…”
Against his will a sigh escaped his throat facing the dreadful stairs he was about to climb.
He looked back down.
No answer.
“Well, that's just where I ended up at the end of the day.” He shrugged. What did it matter?
With that he turned around, coat swirling after him, the suspect seemingly forgotten. He left John behind, speechless, chin dropped, face red as a tomato.
Sherlock took it as a sign to carry on.
-----
aware that you are supposed to take your Belstaff off first, right?"
“Where to exactly?”
He huffed and frowned at himself. Who'd ever want to be with him. Definitely not such an outstandingly beautiful and interesting human being. Probably they had lovers queuing up for them, able to choose and taking advantage of some willing fool every now and then. Yeah… that's what John was, he thought. Just a fool, not being worth anyone's company, just having unrealistic hopes.
“Easy.” The stranger said dismissively while they adjusted their clothing. “Dog tags.”
Somehow Sherlock gained the impression that John didn't mind this particular set of "flaws" in the slightest. He remembered all the occasions John had thrown him an amused glance after he had once again rushed through a crime scene, insulted Anderson, delighted about the next mystery to be solved.
“I’m afraid you have to be a bit more specific than that for me to be able to answer that question.” Mycroft said stiffly, unbothered by John’s outburst of emotions.
Sitting up a little straighter Sherlock continued: “I came to the conclusion that it would be in both our interests, John’s and mine, to part ways and live separate lives from now on. I’m sure this could be arranged without your help, but I need a guarantee that John will be safe and looked after. I’d prefer him to lead a comfortable life in which he wouldn’t need to miss anything. First of all, there would be a flat to be arranged. I assume that should be within your power. He will need a different job too, as he wouldn’t have any income without being my partner in The Work any more.”
Sherlock's breath came shorter, didn't fully reach his lungs. He felt the dizziness from earlier this day. Although this time it felt different somehow. It felt like it had never felt before. It was unsettling. It was frightening.
how this is going to go!" Sherlock snarled, irritated. "What is taking you so long?"
Jenny prodded again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm always thinking about everything!" Scott exclaimed. "Have you met me?"
"Honestly, John, you have no idea…" Sherlock growled and pulled John tighter against him.
...not what I meant…
"You're right. Your death should be avoided at all costs."
“Too hairy.” Sherlock complained.
'Explain', John had said. Even though Sherlock already did. The situation was even more serious than Sherlock had expected. He swallowed.
This had no right to feel this good. This. Right here.
"They wanted me to wear a mask, John. And a gown! A
Still beaming at each other when they parted, John tried to pick up the conversation they'd had.
Despite not-as-short-as-expected chapters the chapter count was raised once again. The boys have a lot to talk about (of which even the author sometimes didn't know) and demanded a bit more time to be happy together... who am I to deny them? *innocent blinky eyes*
"Even you?" John chuckled despite all gravity.
By now Sherlock bent forwards, presenting his quite nice behind in full view to John, which didn't help his case in the slightest. Sherlock was untying his shoes, toeing them off and getting rid of his socks by hooking his toes under the cuffs and pull. How, John wondered, how did he even manage to make taking off socks look elegant? How? But even these insane yet life-changing thoughts got wiped away when Sherlock started to shimmy out of his trousers. John shook his head. And shook it again. He squeezed his eyes shut but popped them open again immediately, because he couldn't miss a single second. Even though… he had to leave!! Now!! But couldn't… he just… couldn't.
“What I hadn’t been aware of was,” Sherlock swallowed, “that he never wanted me for business or because of the thrill of the challenge to be the one to break my will. As Lestrade now came to know, he wanted to take me with him to Serbia, where apparently his cosy little home is located…” There was a hesitation and John didn’t like the tension radiating from his partner. He paled a bit when he spoke again. “Including a basement where he kept his harem. That’s most likely where the other dancers disappeared to. Including some kind of dungeon to convince them to please him and his company. But as he apparently confessed now, he wanted to have
Somehow, he had the feeling of being close to Sherlock here. He imagined still feeling his presence in the shivers of light dancing through the dust. This place was important to Sherlock. So now, it was also important to John. Thinking back filled him with gratitude and sorrow. Also with admiration, awe. Love. He still marveled at the pictures in his head, Sherlock’s lean figure filling the room with his presence, owning it, reigning it. John allowed himself to feel the ache of loss of something he never had. Now, he could address his desire to be close to Sherlock, to take care of him. Now, he could acknowledge the moments of hesitation when Sherlock had fallen asleep on the sofa and John had spread a blanket over him, hand lingering on his shoulder, an irrational urge to stroke his fingers through the curls covering Sherlock’s forehead. Not irrational at all, it seemed. Well, surely irrational in Sherlock’s interpretation of the word. But wholly understandable for John now. What would he give to get such an opportunity again? Would he do it? Just give in? Cross this line? What about Sherlock’s bedroom door, occasionally left ajar? Although Sherlock had never said a word about it during their time living together, John now wondered if it had possibly been an invitation. Or was it only John's imagination going wild to wish it to have been an invitation? With the exception of danger nights, John had never actively or intentionally infringed Sherlock's privacy or personal space. But what if he would have? Should he have done it? Give in to his desire? Just walk up to that door, push it open and… Yeah, what then?
A completely disheveled Sherlock emerged from under the covers and John immediately pulled him in for a frantic kiss. Sherlock's mouth tasted of his own precome in place of the expected morning cottonness. John groaned.
“You’re a ridiculous man,” Scott huffed, not succeeding in hiding how flattered he was. John was very proud of himself.
, he thought as he drifted into sleep. Well, at least as a spoon he could pretend.
“Yes,” Scott hissed, but continued, interlacing his words with deep baritone groans. “My silken dressing gowns.”
“Hmmmhmm,” Sherlock confirmed happily.
"Come on then," he said, winking at his partner. "I have an extraordinarily stunning Pirate to show off and I want the world to know that she's
“Uhhh… sorry?” He sighed, the tension draining from his body.
And he didn’t freeze when he wanted to un-stab the mantle to take the knife with him.
song for the chapter can be found
"And I told you I will fight for it. For us."
John hadn't even realised that he had made a sound, but he must have. The moment Sherlock's gaze turned on him he became aware that he had also taken several steps into the room. He had moved without even noticing?
Welcome among my lovely bunch of followers and a big hug for your
"..."
“No, you won’t.” John crossed his arms in front of his chest.
plain as day
After the call had been ended he had listened to Jenny's last words and the song he had chosen. He had imagined Sherlock somewhere, wherever he might be by now, and hopefully, but in all honesty very unlikely, listening to it, too. John just hoped that Sherlock wasn't out of the country already, sped up by their encounter at Battersea, and not even in the range of receiving the BBC anymore. Had Mycroft succeeded to trick Sherlock into listening as he had promised? Well… not really promised. But he had said, "I'll see what I can do." and that was as good as a promise in Mycroft-ish. If only Sherlock would still be available to be tricked in the first place.
"Then it's all your fault that I'll never see Baker Street again because I'll explode on our way there. Why aren't you?"
“No, John. No. You don’t understand…” Sherlock lowered his head, broke the gaze. His grip on John’s shoulder not faltering. When he raised his head again, he closed his eyes and spoke slowly and very intently.
“No, really, John.” Greg said, serious now. “It would be a damn shame if this went to hell. You have to talk to him!” He insisted.
John had felt boiling with anger. He had tried to keep it at bay, not let his fear for Sherlock overwhelm him. What good would it have done? He had to manage that as quickly as possible. Get to Sherlock before it had been too late.
close they were. They were leaning against each other, holding each other, steadying each other. If one of them would loosen their grip unexpectedly the other were likely to fall. At the thought of it John pulled him just a bit firmer against himself.
"About what?" Sherlock asked. It sounded much ruder than he had intended. But what was this call about? He was out of his depth. He had never liked a drunk John. Surely not now. Not over the phone, not with his heart aching and his stomach turning by the slightest possibility to have even a tiny bit of this man. Even if it were just his drunken voice. God, he was so pathetic. He was annoyed with himself. He had to work on that.
Eventually they got out of the tub, chilly and all pruned. They toweled quickly and climbed into bed. Not long before they dozed off, cuddled against each other, murmured terms of love and endearment bouncing back and forth between them. John hugged Sherlock tight, held him in his arms, being the big spoon.
“What… like… under the tap?” Scott’s voice was tilting slightly in his confusion. John had to laugh despite himself.
“I know.” He whispered back, “Me, too.” Fixing each other with their eyes they exchanged their silent apologies, which allowed them to forgive, where no amount of spoken sorries would make up for everything they’d done to each other.
“I am. For you. You see? That’s what I mean. Before I was never happier than when I had to help out on a different ward, got extra shifts, had difficult cases on my operating table. Everyone knew me, everyone liked me; I was as nice as I could be, but for me they were all interchangeable and I was glad when I didn't have to spend too much time with the same people. Nurses, doctors, patients; they were useful, some were nice enough to have around; no-one stuck.”
He didn't know what to think. What to make of it. John didn't make sense. Was it the alcohol talking? Perhaps the whole call was only encouraged by the drinks...
“And would you like to offer this information to him yourself?” Mycroft asked with raised eyebrows.
Something bitter settled next to the warm feeling of finally being completed. Something wormed its way into the cracks not yet completely fixed on his heart.
“Your old clubs?” John asked, perplexed. But Sherlock just ignored it and continued as if he hadn’t heard.
“But I do!” John exclaimed without hesitation.
“Yes, of course. Thanks, Greg. Talk to you on the phone…” John called over his shoulder, already on his way hurrying outside, worried if he’d find Sherlock there, furious about the situation he had brought them in.
Was it?
“With the right motivation one can achieve almost everything.” Scott answered and there was a softness to his voice John couldn’t place.
The sight of Sherlock slightly blushing was marvellous. He shifted a bit on said arse and avoided John’s gaze for the fraction of a second, clearing his throat. John kept looking at him, smiling fondly, deliberately letting the words linger in the air without covering them up, for Sherlock to understand that he wasn’t just teasing.
"Then I think," John said slowly, as if waiting to be contradicted, "we need some help to get moving, yeah?" John gently peeled Sherlock's hand from the phone. "And now… we're both here. We can ask. We can explain. We can stop…" winking he gestured to Sherlock, indicating that he had already made use of that option. "There shouldn't be any more misunderstandings, if we don't want it."
Without his doing he got pulled along and felt himself move together with John. The way a happy gleam evolved on John's features was worth all the awkwardness he might still feel. Apparently completely relaxed now John silently accompanied the slightly rough voice of the singer with his own untrained but all the more passionate one.
“Christ, Sherlock…" John swallowed. Hands still covered in foam, the dishes were abandoned and he turned in Sherlock's arms to be face to face with his partner. "No, I wouldn’t want to mix up our bedroom shenanigans with my work. Would never again be able to work without a boner that way.” He laughed, slinging his arms around Sherlock's shoulders—soap and all; who cared anyway.
Sherlock's shoulders sagged visibly. “I don't think that would be the best of plans at the moment.” Sherlock said. “I don't want to stand in his way.”
Hyper-aware of the man on the other end of the line and reminded of the actual nature and intention of the call, John self-consciously rubbed his free hand over the short hairs on his nape.
"I always assumed you'd think love's a mystery to me, but…
“Therefore, I thought it might be better if we tried to sort our lives again and I’m fairly sure that…" Sherlock hesitated again, but only briefly. When he continued, he spoke as if he was in a hurry. As if his words would vanish if he'd not speak them fast enough. "I made some arrangements and you should be able to build a life that isn’t as heavily influenced by me as it is now. You need to be more independent, John. Otherwise it becomes suffocating.”
When John had agreed to go out for dinner it was mostly an attempt to get out of the prison that was his own head. He hadn't taken into consideration that there wouldn't be anything to do but talk while they were sitting together over their food.
What was John thinking, spying on Sherlock in such a compromising situation? Just the thought of John watching him in that state of undress made him blush furiously. Let alone imagining John witnessing the uninhibited way he had danced. It made Sherlock cringe in discomfort. Even though he
tight?” He knew he was dragging it out, hoping Scott wouldn’t snap at any point. And even though this was just a random hotline call — no strings attached, right? — the danger of overstepping an invisible line was thrilling. He wasn’t sure he was willing to admit to which extent exactly it added to his arousal.
!" Sherlock looked at John, totally nonplussed. "John, just imagine, they're completely mad… they're offering to sell the soul of their unborn children. Do they really believe in Lucifer and his likenesses? Are they trying to lure us in some sort of cult? But why?"
"This," Sherlock continued, "is the alternative. There's room to hide the cock in a pocket and you pull it over to cover, so you're at least imitating a female anatomy between your legs."
, Sherlock thought sourly, cringing his brows even further.
He kicked at his blankets, it was getting much too warm underneath. He got fidgety and shifted restlessly under his sheets. A fine layer of sweat started to cover his chest and lower back and John felt more and more uneasy. Only when he wanted to get rid of the t-shirt he normally slept in he got aware that his left hand had sneaked into his pants and was tightly gripping his cock, already hard and dotting his underwear with wet spots of precome. Suddenly, all sensations narrowed down, concentrated and zoomed in on the cause of his current turmoil. They all fused into one tight knot of lust and longing which burst and seared through his veins and almost overwhelmed him. He gasped. He had no capacity or will stop. His body was screaming for release - God, how long had it been - and his mind opened all floodgates and drowned him in flashes of memories, fantasies, dreams and hopes he had denied himself for far too long.
Sherlock yelled.
What case could possibly include punctuation faces? Mysteriously murdered by wicked winky-face? Yep, that sounded exactly like one of John's ridiculous blog titles. Of course John would think it would be about a case. And actually it was about a case. John's case.
“… I have to kill you.” Scott deadpanned.
John hissed. He wasn’t confident enough to reveal what was hidden under his shirt yet. But what could he do? Stand up, run away, lie down in a corner and cry? Ridiculous!
While they saw to their own respective beverages in silence, they were reminded of Greg’s presence by the background sound of splashing water and the man's cheerful whistle and singing. Now and then Mycroft threw uneasy glances the way of the little bathroom and when John after a while turned slightly to check for the reason, he realised that the narrow folding door was left ajar. Not as much to be indiscreet but enough to let the noise and bit of steam carry unhindered into the sitting room area. John was slightly annoyed and a bit taken aback by his friend's thoughtlessness and felt a bit embarrassed on his behalf. When the moment stretched on like this, he felt the time tick by and their chance to talk in private slink. John cleared his throat, no longer able to reign in his nervous impatience.
Enjoy!
“Yeah… that sounds like Sherlock.” Greg huffed. “And? What sort of clue?”
"..."
Sherlock spread his arms wide - one last breath - and he let himself fall, forwards, creating a painfully familiar feeling of loss, of finality, of surrender.
A strange mix of unease and relief washed through Sherlock. So it must have been John who had brought him back home.
When had he ever been with men. Apart from the regular encounters in the army? But they had been necessary, they had been common. Yes, he had enjoyed them but had never given them a second thought. But this… this was something else altogether.
Sitting in the cold, in the dark, breath coming in puffs, John slowly, slowly calmed down. After a while he started to shiver. He let himself fall back on the deck chair, wanted to tug his vest down and his pants up, but his hands were sticky and he realised that he came unprepared. He closed his eyes and huffed a laugh at the unintended pun. He lay there for a moment, the buzz still lingering, his body still humming from the intensity of the sensations.
difficult? Could it?
"I just wondered, where…," Greg was about to say, when John quickly interrupted him, holding up one hand but dropping his chin on his chest.
“Look Sherlock,” he started, “I don’t know what you’re up to…. But I really need this now. I didn’t eat properly the whole day and I won’t abandon the only edible thing around here just because you decided to make fun of it. So, please, if you would, just let me take this. And don’t…. well…. Just let me, okay?!” he ended still embarrassed, but a bit more confident. This was just food after all, right?!
*****
“I’m not.”
John, noticing his discomfort, backed away a bit from Sherlock’s belongings to give him some space. In an instant Sherlock rushed over. He grabbed his trousers and pulled them on hastily, very ungracefully hopping and fumbling and dragging.
“If only I could.” John’s voice was thin with regret.
John realised, closing his mouth which had dropped open anywhere along the way.
the excuses! All the apologies.” He shook his head. Curls falling into his eyes. “It’s not… it’s no-ones fault, John. Neither yours nor mine. We tried and we failed. That’s the facts. We should just accept it, don’t you think?”
Cursing out loud and bonking the back of his head against the window earned him some disapproving looks of the other passangers, but fuck them all — they didn’t know the tragedy that was about to happen.
He watched her pick her belongings, which were strewn across a desk in front of a giant mirror; everything got stuffed carelessly into her bag. John realised all the other girls were in different stages of changing and removing make-up, but Miss Pirate didn't seem to bother. She grabbed Sherlock's coat from a chair it was draped over and hurried to the exit again.
"..."
His never yielding erection was evidence enough though, that his interest hadn’t faltered in the slightest. Neither had John’s; a simmering heat was still throbbing in his cock. In a wordless understanding though, as was common between them, they had settled in companionable endurance of their mutual want to get the job done.
“What is a pandemic even good for, John?” he had complained one day.
"You should have known I wouldn't."
He paused, thought for a moment and decided he needed accompaniment, something to guide him, to support him, a thread to hold on to. He looked up his favourite artists, made a choice of songs and started to play along when the first sounds filled the air.
"Give me your phone." Mycroft said matter-of-fact, holding out his hand.
Forget everything I sent. -SH
“John, but it’s been you who…” Sherlock pulled slightly back, scrunching the bridge of his nose, which made John only grin broader, his heart flowing over from the affection he felt for his man.
Calmly now, sincerely, dropping his act for a tiny moment, he held this mesmerizing gaze and whispered the last line unmistakably straight to Sherlock's face.
Okay, this was how Sherlock felt fifty percent of the time then? Like a fucking rolled roast? John did like them though, they were definitely tasty. However, he'd prefer his lover more like… sushi? Or even better… oyster? No, he did
of you!"
In the darkness he could still make out his gorgeous Pirate, a gown thrown over the costume, still wearing makeup, no heels any more. But nonetheless they were hovering high above John in this standing position.
"That's true. It does. Not bad, John." Sherlock smiled down at him. "But no."
Sherlock looked at him intently, observed him, eyes dark, lips slightly parted.
In silent agreement they refrained from taking a cab even though it meant a walk of an hour to get back. It would give them time to adjust to the new situation. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to have John back at 221B, at the same time he was nervous. What would it mean to come home as more than just friends? How much more than friends were they now? Were there expectations? Or rules on how to behave? Did John have expectations? They hadn't particularly defined their status, they hadn't even clearly vocalised it yet. Was it what Sherlock thought it was and wanted it to be? What if John didn't mean it the way Sherlock thought he did? What if…
. Have you heard yourself lately? Damn… vocabulary of a fucking Victorian dictionary! You know perfectly well how to use your words when you want to dissect someone at a crime scene! Rattling off deductions at lightning speed… Damn, Sherlock, you
Focus. Facts?
Now it was John’s turn to frown. He cocked his head, scanning Sherlock’s face.
******
“This, Sherlock. Don’t think you’re alone in this. We’ve all been there. I’ve been there, God knows.
In the end both his arms shot up and he bent backwards, throwing his head back carelessly, his arms were forced to be slowly lowered at his sides, pressed backwards by a force unknown. Like a tree trying to withstand the storm. He felt an uncomfortable yet reassuring stretch of his throat and breastbone in contradiction to his shoulder blades pressed forcefully together. He could feel his skin being squeezed, almost painfully though.
What did Sherlock think John would do? Did Sherlock really think so low of him. Run on the first best moment to execute his assassin ex-wife? As if that had ever been his goal. It had never been about revenge. It had been about safety, for Sherlock, for them. He would have moved mountains to get to that wife, but only ever to make sure she'd never lay a finger on Sherlock again.
he wanted it just as much, before he closed the last centimetres keeping them apart.
“Acquaintance?” John squeaked, before his thoughts caught up and he angrily added, “and who the fuck said anything about suicidal tendencies?”
“Right, so, who’s the one getting the money here? You or him?” She teasingly raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, who looked a bit confused first before a blush coloured his usually pale skin.
“I’m aware.” Scott said.
John yelped in surprise, but then groaned and stretched his neck to give Sherlock better access. His laughter had died quickly and the amusement made room for another very pleasant feeling. As if vampire Sherlock had truly sunk his teeth into John's skin a fire spread through John's body emanating from that spot—like a spark igniting a stream of fuel running through his veins.
"Stop teasing me then," John rumbled.
Sherlock was breathing hard, his chest quickly rising and falling. He stood so close that John’s eyes were immediately drawn to the hollow at the base of his throat. A thin sheen of sweat covered the skin and made it shine in the sunlight. The smell of it mingled with the cologne made John a bit lightheaded. The intensity of Sherlock’s dance had caused more buttons of his shirt to pop free and allowed John a free view on Sherlock's collar bones and the top of his well defined pecs. His eyes followed the stretch of Sherlock’s throat up, over his clean shaven chin and the parted lips, puffing out harsh breaths which mingled with John’s. When he met Sherlock’s eyes his whole body was flooded by hot liquid fire. Sherlock’s gaze was heated, full of barely contained desire. John felt devoured by his eyes alone. He’d never survive to touch this man, he thought.
"It's true, Sherlock, listen…" he cleared his throat. John tried to explain, to make him understand. "When it all fell apart when I got shot, I realised I had nothing left. I wasn't in any state to use any of the tools I relied on to be happy. None of them were even remotely accessible at that point! My life was a fucking hell."
“It was implied. It was obvious.” There was this annoying self-confidence again.
and read about a man called Eric Grandon, who was showing signs of Gulf War syndrome and post-traumatic stress disorder after six tours to the Middle East. He battled anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts by keeping bees and claimed that they had saved his life. Apiculture against suicide? There was a thought, Sherlock mused, eyeing his bookshelves where more than one guide about beekeeping was stored. Maybe, all this time, he had had an inkling about the merits of it. Apart from the honey that is…
“Hmmm…” it rumbled through the line and it did sound disturbingly familiar this time, “... I see… you’re of the quiet kind… Don’t be shy, darling! Tell me… what can I do for you?”
Shit. Shitshitshitshitshit. He was late. No, wrong. He was
meant." He waited a moment, let it sink in. John didn't respond. Didn't argue. Good. He was finally seeing sense. "I keep hurting you, John. Mary…"
“Who said anything about in-home?” Sherlock literally brimmed with life.
“Depends.” was Sherlock’s only comment.
,” Sherlock cocked one questioning mirthful eyebrow; John smirked and winked at him, demonstratively letting his appreciative and... well... hungry gaze roam Sherlock’s bare upper body. Not long before his hands joined in, exploring what he had indeed only been allowed to fantasise about, until now.
There was a moment of silence. Sherlock felt bile rise; who was he to fight the life long indoctrination of an overpowering father? He felt the ground pulled from under his feet when John spoke again. “He’d probably be proud of me now, considering I'm indeed not actually gay.” He even chuckled. Sherlock was close to vomiting. He had never considered John to be cruel. But… Then he caught John’s gaze. He smirked. The bastard smirked. “He never said anything about the fucking bis, did he now?” Sherlock tried to huff but it came out strangled. Was there such a thing as a laugh and sob in one? If not, Sherlock had just invented it.
His mind had failed, his imagination was cruel.
Apparently Sherlock was a bit lost, didn't know what to make of it all. He frowned now deeply, looking at John quizzically.
Sending you lots of love,
He was on his way to open the door, when Anthea spoke again: “You are kindly asked to wait in the car for Mr Holmes.” Immediately afterwards she let herself out and John was left alone. Through the windscreen he saw the cab containing Sherlock pull from the kerb. This whole thing was more and more confusing by the minute.
“Oh bollocks!” John huffed, letting go of the remaining bit of his clothes, only hoping Mrs Hudson wouldn't make her way upstairs.
Oh no, not again… John wondered if they would get anywhere at this rate of misunderstandings. Surprisingly, he was rather amused than annoyed by it. He quickly tried to think of a way to avoid another earthling-to-Scott-translation-class, but was saved by the bell — almost literally — when Swiss Cottage was announced as the next stop.
“Well…” Mycroft also cleared his throat, took a sip of tea before continuing. “I assumed you might appreciate knowing that my brother returned to Baker Street.” He fixed John with his eyes, examining him. He seemed to monitor John’s reaction, every expression. John tried not to let the storm of emotions show on his face, but suspected that he failed miserably.
“Scott it will have to be for now,” he dodged the question.
"I love you!" John whispered and stole another kiss, painting his own lips purple, catching her wrist when Miss Pirate once again wanted to remove the lipstick.
Sherlock slowly sank forwards until his forehead rested on the floor. John’s letter was still crumpled in his fist.
"No, I wouldn't. And yes, you interrupted,
Oh no. He hadn’t, had he? Holy Hell! This couldn't be true. He could never go back to Baker Street, he’d have to live under a bridge! Preferably somewhere in Africa so Sherlock wouldn’t find him! Although, if he hadn’t told Sherlock… things… during that call, it would be most unfortunate to make all the efforts to move to Africa for nothing. Problem was—there really was only one way to find out.
"Because you're not."
“I look ridiculous.” Was what came out of his mouth, because he couldn’t quite find words to react to the ethereal being in front of him.
“Another time?” Scott asked, surprised.
"Or if you need more inspiration for appropriate presents."
,” he fixed Sherlock with his eyes, trying to convey everything he meant to say, and carefully pushed Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders and let it slither to the ground.
“I gathered as much.” Sherlock said neutrally.
He was slowly taking steps backwards now, the waves through his body never faltered, but nevertheless more sturdy now, reassured, bolder.
“Hm? Yeah?” John waited for the question that was to come but there was only silence.
(See the end of the chapter for
to but because I
"You're regretting it. You regretted it every single day. You're ashamed and you feel guilty." Sherlock said, convinced. "I'm quite certain he never did."
I’m asking for. The last favour I will ever ask of you.”, Sherlock finished with a sigh.
“Not?” Miss Pirate pouted and disturbingly resembled a certain sulking detective.
"I know, love."
“So, spit it out.” His tone left John no choice than to surrender. The light buzz of several beers helped to overcome his earlier hesitation.
"Yes. I fear that might be true." Sherlock nodded and lowered his eyes, his chin dropping to his chest. He seemed to slightly slump down and retreat; even if not physically, but emotionally. John could feel it just as strongly.
“Hey,” John said again, a bit louder, still gentle. No reaction. “Sherlock?” John leaned over the table to search Sherlock’s eyes. The only answer was a short grunt. “Come on, tell me what's on your mind, yeah? That’s why we are doing this, right?”
. Although it wasn’t any better without the man's physical presence, when the John Sherlock was playing about and playing for existed only in his imagination. Too easily the lines got blurred where imagination ended and music began, where Sherlock's body melted into sentiment, where the instrument became John.
"Sherlock…" John rolled his eyes in a perfect Sherlock imitation.
“Tense.” was the only word that came from Greg's lips.
kind of desire was much harder. Jesus Fucking Christ, not even in power-saving mode did his brain spare him from terrible puns. He
From his crouching position he made out a glimpse of black leather. Hidden behind the sofa, tightly stuffed into a corner was a doctor's bag. John's, obviously. But Sherlock had never seen it before. But of course John would have one, he had ‘cared’ for Sherlock after all. Maybe his old scruffy one which he had used so often to stitch Sherlock up after cases had been worn out. Probably. Doesn't matter. This was just Sherlock's muddy brain trying to deduce… he should stop trying today. Frustrating.
Reaching the end of his path, he braced himself for what he’d find. He had mentally prepared himself, he thought he’d know now. But when Sherlock finally came into sight, he felt his breath catch. He had thought about a lot of possibilities, he had thought he knew what to expect after the last experience that had left him shaken. But sure as hell he hadn’t expected this. He had to lean against the wall closest to him for support.
“You mean… I should… move out?” John tried to have a confirmation, his voice much smaller than intended.
He knew they’d done it. They’d taken the first hurdle. The biggest one, because from here on it was merely looking for the right path. But at least they were facing the same direction. They’d go that path together. That’s all that counted. They’d get there.
"Don't be so dramatic. It's hardly the first time we find ourselves in a situation similar to this one."
“Please?” he whispered.
won’t go to the shops!” Sherlock exclaimed horrified.
Bad enough that he was back home - whatever that meant - and cut off from all the things that really mattered to him; no longer on service in the army, no career as surgeon to go for, no family he could rely on, let alone any friends.
"Yes. All of that."
World shifting, spinning.
“If I’m okay with that?” Scott echoed, perplexed.
“As you stated correctly, we’re in quarantine. Which means, we don’t have any social contact except to the inhabitants of this house, whose germs are spread through the whole space anyway. Using sanitiser would be a waste of important substances.”
It was difficult to form a coherent thought like this, let alone speak. His breath was going fast, matching the quick rise and fall of Sherlock's belly and chest against his back.
When he couldn’t stand it any longer, he took a step forwards into the lit space. It was liberating. Relieving. Sherlock still didn’t notice him. So he took one more hesitant step. And one more. And when it only felt better, easier, with each step taken, he moved into the room. Sherlock kept drifting through the room, curling in on himself, limps lashing out, melting back, surging into the next movement. John faltered, unsure how to approach Sherlock, how to reach out to him without getting hurt himself.
But this wasn’t the problem now. He couldn't care less about John's preferences as his only concern and focus had to be how to stop this and to figure out what 'this' was and why 'this' happened at all! Probably it had to do with the song itself in some way! It must have if John was listening to the same song over and over again!
"Did I embarrass you? I didn't want to embarrass you, Sherlock! I wanted to show off my pretty boyfriend and let them know I love you and…"
Greg had also said.
But… that's… even more ridiculous. Why just one? Whose life? He had to save someone! Anyone?
"... and my mind wasn't as clear and sharp as I'm used to…"
When the door of the boat clicked open and Greg returned home after a long day's work, John whirled around. The man didn't even have the chance to hang his jacket, before he was confronted with John's frustration.
"Yes, it was… good. Maybe a bit too good."
John locked at Sherlock in disbelief, eyes wide as saucers. Sherlock pretended not to notice.
One... inhale... step...step... five... exhale... step... step... nine... inhale... step... step... thirteen... exhale… step... step... seventeen…
How wrong he had been.
Text alert. Sherlock's number!
“Sherlock, I don’t mind.” he now said, insistently. “It’s fine. It’s all fine. This was just an idea. We can leave if you want. I won’t force you. I just thought…” a shimmer of insecurity flickered in his eyes, he shuffled his feet. “I thought this might work. That it maybe is a way to… nevermind.” He sighed and looked down at his feet, never let go of Sherlock’s hand. Only a heartbeat later he looked up again, boring his gaze into Sherlock’s eyes. “It’s okay you know. We can go in there or not
And the line went dead.
"Yes, that would be me." Sherlock couldn't contain himself which immediately raised a disapproving look from the man on the other side of the table.
“Ah, I see…” He still seemed suspicious but settled back in his seat, lifted one hand in a quick salute to indicate his retreat. “Still, take care, miss!” He spared John one last glance and drove off.
John groaned. He didn't know if anyone heard him, but at this point he couldn't contain himself anymore and he couldn't care less.
"The usual."
“Oi...”
Miss Pirate threw him a sidewards glance though and when he saw the mischief in her dark rimmed eyes, he realised she knew exactly what she was doing. Well, two can play that game…
“Time to get to work, John!” Sherlock beamed and rushed to the bathroom without waiting for response.
Where to start though?
Sherlock’s eyes rolled on their own accord. If it wasn’t clear by now, this dithery stammering was confirmation enough that the caller was no other than one John Watson.
"What's in it for me then?" John asked, amused.
21 guns was truce.
"I do. God help me, I do!" John sighed.
Suddenly sharply aware of what they were doing—holding hands, something they’d never done before, something so small and yet so powerful, not just one but a thousand steps forward—a shiver ran along John’s arms. Spreading from their joined hands, tingling over his skin, settling in his chest.
"Then people would definitely talk," John swallowed, feeling Sherlock's whisper on his lips.
"Better still?" Sherlock asked, now languidly chuckling himself, and John could feel the vibrations of his low rumbling voice against his chest. "I thought it was pretty fantastic."
John didn’t know what had shown on his face, but Miss Pirate winked at him before she tightly held on to the backrest of the chair and bent backwards, back curving in an impossible angle, corset straining over her torso. John had difficulties to process that stiffly laced corset even allowed movements like this. But leave it to the Sherlock-part in Miss Pirate to make the impossible happen.
"Obviously." was the unperturbed response. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
“I’ll help you. Together we’ll find it back, alright?”
*** link to song within the chapter (underlined) and in the end notes ***
“John, stop this.” Sherlock said softly and pulled him a bit closer. His one arm encircled his back, the other still cradling the back of his head, fingers brushing over the strands of his hair.
“I know, mate! I’m happy for you! I really am! But… you know… he won't care about your clothes, I think…”
At first, Sherlock didn’t react and John thought he hadn’t heard as he was rummaging in whatever assortment he was looking for. However, when he reemerged with a handful of shiney tubes in bright colours he turned to look at John, all serious.
Feeling sillily triumphant John continued. “And medicine, that was for my mum; she was a nurse, always admired the doctors. Medicine was good though, because I liked helping people. So, everyone happy, right? Oh yeah, and blending in was a big goal, too, after things went downwards with Harry. My role was the nice bloke from next door, never drawing attention.” He huffed; the memories beige and faint, stuffed into the farest corners of his mind. Sherlock watched him attentively, listening silently. “But that never really felt like me. You know… Boring!” He rolled his eyes and gave his best Sherlock-imitation. They exchanged private little grins, before John sobered and went on with what he needed to say.
He couldn’t stand this any longer! This was… it was too much. Miss Pirate had taken it too far this time. What he hated most was the way he was equally disgusted and turned on by the picture Miss Pirate presented. He could literally feel her in his own lap, his growing erection evidence of the intensity of those memories; however, they were only the ghosts of what the other guy had literally and metaphorically at hand right this moment.
"By your request, I will reassure Dr Watson of your wellbeing. Although I doubt that he will settle for the sparse information he will get. I'm afraid that he will unleash his misdirected fury upon me." Mycroft confirmed.
John's eyes followed the direction of his pointing finger and the moment he realised what he was seeing he inhaled sharply.
“Sherlock, I…” slow footsteps again, cautious as if approaching an injured animal. Or a suicidal person on the edge, about to jump.
Dear readers,
Without moving, Greg just looked at John expectantly to encourage him to continue speaking.
His feet in socks, toes sticking through holes, no shoes in sight.
"John…?"
“Tell me, Captain,” he said daringly, steadying himself with one hand on the backrest next to John’s head while using the other hand to slip the trouser all the way off of the leg now held up and bent to reach the foot. "Is all this…” he continued slowly, pointedly, in time with his motions. To John’s shock and delight Sherlock lowered his knee and planted it in the narrow space between armrest and John’s hip, which brought him close. Very close. All propped up on his knee, stretching backwards to slip the denims off the other foot as well, Sherlock towered high above John, looking down at him, bringing John on eye level with Sherlock’s belly. His navel, the seam of the garter belt, the lace of the panties strained and damp from the rock hard and leaking cock trapped inside it.
That's why he had tried to escape the situation as quickly as possible. But even those attempts to save the last shreds of his dignity had been thwarted by an over-eager soldier doctor. It had needed some clear words from Sherlock's side and the apparent confirmation that John would
"No, Mike Stamford was heaven-sent." John laughed and Sherlock huffed. "Honestly though, I hadn't seen or spoken to Mike for years. He was one of those who were nice enough to have around. And apparently I've been nice enough around him to be remembered. I just met him by pure chance and at first I didn't even recognise him. If it wasn't for him calling after me, we'd never have met."
Sherlock knew John had enjoyed the carelessness of their life in the early days! The rush of adrenaline had been exactly what John had craved and what had appealed to him about an acquaintance with Sherlock in the first place. It wasn’t far fetched that John had experienced it as freedom compared to his dull little bed sit and his pedestrian little life after Afghanistan!
"Me first, okay? I feel safe to give it to you now."
"You… had a heart attack?" his voice had betrayed him, getting unsteady. "Why are you… how… I mean…”
“But… we’re still… friends. Are we?” John didn’t know if he wanted to hear the answer. But he had to know. Sherlock seemed so angry. Was he that desperate to get rid of John?
(See the end of the chapter for
John tried to stop his own thoughts but was caught off guard as Sherlock started to sway his hips. He didn’t even realise how Sherlock’s face fell into an indifferent mask, didn’t realise where this all was leading to.
Finally, he stood in front of the door. He knocked, not wanting to interrupt the playing by the door bell. Somehow he was certain, that he would be heard anyway. He didn't have to wait long before, true to his expectation, the front door opened. Mrs Hudson let him in, atypically quiet. She didn't say anything, so neither did he, but the way she beamed at him said more than a million words. The joy, the hope, the motherly love, the warm welcome in her eyes
“Yep. Serving with the RAMC as Captain of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers to be precise.” John said proudly.
He felt himself being washed away by the music, thrown on the shore and pulled back into the deepest waters. His body and his soul were torn back and forth, turned, tumbled.
When he opened the door leading into the living room, an undue amount of dust tickled the back of his throat and he had to fight a cough fit. Obviously, Mrs Hudson hadn’t set a foot in the abandoned flat since he had left. Although, it had only been a little more than a week. Had it always been like this? Had he just not noticed while living here? The krass contrast to the sterile cleanliness of his current living space was blatantly obvious. Apparently, his body had adjusted just fine to the new dust-free surroundings and had un-justed cold turkey from his former lifestyle. He wished for his mind to accomplish the same but it seemed like mind and heart didn’t care so much about dust. Or maybe rather too much, because... dust was eloquent. It told too much about time that had passed and people who had left.
“Yeees… you already said that…” John crinkled his nose, not knowing where this was going.
, he thought with a little smile. ‘
It was as if this man simply felt no desire and had no needs at all. John had always thought of him as asexual. Probably that was one reason why he had suppressed the slightest hope he once might have had of their friendship becoming something more. Now it all came back with full force, and it frightened him.
"We'll ask next time we meet one." he chuckled, grinning broadly out of sheer happiness.
!” He raised his voice. Getting angrier by the second. “You
"Would I?" John's block already came into sight and he looked forward to just dumping himself on whatever surface looked inviting and directing his undivided attention to the mystery of a man most definitely not actually working as a sex hotline operator. But who cared? John didn't.
... He cringed. He wasn’t so sure that was something he could say out loud. Of course, Sherlock’s happiness was all that mattered to him. He himself would cope.That was what the song on the usb device was about, wasn’t it? I’ll protect you, if you want me to or not. I’ll help you find the way of life that makes you happy, if it includes me or not. But… would he really survive seeing Sherlock with someone else? Would he be able to contain himself, to let Sherlock have with another person what John so desperately wanted to give to him himself?
“Well, I have to disappoint you, but it is truly and legally certified my given name. Can’t be helped. Blame my parents.” he huffed.
John wanted to lean in, to taste, to devour that mysterious creature in front of him, but they kept their distance, always just out of reach but close enough to feel - breaths, the body warmth, the scent, the tension.
"What a torture, Sherlock!" he murmured.
"Not much you can mess up there." Miss Pirate murmured. "You don't have to though. I'm perfectly capable…"
“Not enough adrenaline…” Scott murmured.
"Tell me again… why aren't we out of the country yet?" He hissed without further ado.
"old" song for this chapter and the former one can be found
"Curly Wurly?" John innocently raised his eyebrows and reached for the door handle.
"To fit the duration of voicing the given lyrics into the metric system the emphasis has to be put on the second syllable of the first line of the chorus rather than on the first and last syllable causing an unintended prolongation of the corresponding time value."
Satisfied with himself and not expecting any reaction for the next couple of hours, Sherlock dropped his phone on the little table next to his chair. He was just about to settle in to sort all this new information when his phone pinged to announce a text message.
“Not always, no.”
,” Sherlock moaned, the leg carrying his weight trembling dangerously.
"Sherlock…" John moaned, "you know what I mean." But Sherlock just kept doing what he was doing which was driving John crazy. "The texts, come on… can't read them like this…"
“Of course you’d wear silken dressing gowns.” The fond glow flooding his system pulled John out of the game for a fraction of a moment.
“Doesn’t mean it’s good.” John grimaced, but didn’t pull away from Sherlock’s lips.
They reached the centre of the hall and John stopped walking, though he did not stop tugging on Sherlock’s hands. He pulled him closer until they stood only centimetres apart and guided Sherlock’s arms around his waist until his hands rested on the small of his back. Sherlock snapped back into his body in time to feel John run his fingers through his curls. They found their destination when they loosely circled his neck, arms resting on Sherlock’s shoulders. Their weight somehow grounded him, kept him in place without holding him back.
He just hoped everyone else was as captured by this performance as he himself and didn’t notice his state.
Slowly, Sherlock made his way up the stairs. John could literally sense Sherlock's nerves strained to the limit, each of his steps telling a whole story of fear and bravery, of hurt and hope, of loss and love. His heart swelled with pride of Sherlock to have cut through his doubts and fears and opt to face their future.
Because he didn't care.
It was not? What was it about then? Lives were mainly saved by doctors, right? Who else would save lives?
"Shall we then, sugarplum?" John grinned broadly and placed his hand firmly on the small of Miss Pirate's back to guide her to the main room of the club. He saw a hint of a blush colour the parts of her skin which were not hidden under the layer of make-up and chuckled.
Better. Now he would reveal all blank spots.
“Yes. Yes he's fine… now. ‘His old snarky self’ or something like that. That's at least what Mrs Hudson told me.”
at least for London standards
"Saline solution, John." Sherlock smirked, but it fell immediately upon seeing John's rage.
"Hmmm, I can think of a few, yeah… watching you the whole time was very… uhm… stimulating," John grinned back.“Pity about the Purple Pirate dress though. You sure it's lost? Can't we go back to the club and get it? Or send Mycroft? I will miss it.”
"We'll go in a precautious quarantine for two weeks, just to be sure." Sherlock interrupted. "Everything is arranged so that nobody will be at risk to catch the virus from us."
The facts Sherlock mentions about Battersea Power Station are actually true. Although I took a little bit of artistic freedom, most of it is historically correct.
Sherlock looked sceptically at him. As if this was an alien concept to him. Probably it was. John wondered if Sherlock, at any point in his life, had had the chance to pick up proper problem solving skills that had nothing to do with murder. Not that he himself was exactly an expert on that front, but he
He had never craved to watch someone wake. But the image of John slowly blinking his eyes open, messed up hair, pillow creases on his cheek, filled him with a kind of warmth he had only ever experienced in his imagination. His heart spilled over with tiny bubbles of joy and happiness, dancing and spinning through his body, getting caught between his ribs making them tingle; in his stomach making it twist; in his feet making them fidgety. He knew he wouldn’t be able to hold back to lean over and kiss him. John would probably complain about morning breath, but Sherlock wouldn’t mind.
Now though, they needed to get moving. Facing the goal isn’t the same as reaching the goal.
He cleared his throat again.
3.) Due to the current Corona-madness I'll probably have to stretch the posting schedule. I'm aiming for the next chapter to be posted within two weeks. Although I can't make promises right now! I'll make an update post on tumblr as usual and hope that Ao3 will have its emails sorted any time soon! What I
"You really didn't know." For some reason John's face lit up coming to that conclusion.
"So what? Why does that make you grin. At least it's correct."
"When you bought this… you didn't know… we weren't yet…"
Again John wondered, did Sherlock mean him? Fell apart? Where? When? In John’s memory raised only one moment when Sherlock had really fallen apart. It had been right here, John had been here, John had caught him… but… had that been Sherlock’s heart bare, not being able to hide anymore?
Occasionally, he kept the little lonely bee in the backyard company. He pretended it was the same bee each time, just for the feeling of familiarity. He fed her sugared water. He couldn't let her die, even though she had been foolish enough to leave the hive too early… a bee out of her time. Who was he to judge her intentions. He willed the flowers to grow faster, bloom better. For the bee's sake… and for his own. More blossoms meant more time gone by meant almost… almost…
“I have to look up a new connection?” John tried.
Sherlock looked at the screen and blinked. And blinked. And kept blinking.
"You're ridiculous, John." Sherlock said, his voice dark from held back laughter.
was. John closed his eyes, took some steadying breath, only marginally noticing the occasional guy leaving for the toilets. Probably excusing themselves with the last beer making demands when actually a completely different reason was much more likely. John wouldn’t have minded some… uhm… relief himself, but he couldn’t risk leaving Miss Pirate out of his sight; which reminded him that it would probably be wise to open his eyes for that.
"Yeah… whatever," he chuckled. "As far as I'm concerned it could belong to the Queen herself…"
“No. I mean yes, thank you. But I don't think I'll need another. Not now at least,” John winced slightly.
"WE are down to five now."
Sherlock frowned. She was not supposed to talk to John. He would have to have a word with her later. Also, much too cheery! And why so surprised, she
“Well, however, our acquaintance comes in very handy now…”
Sherlock regretted it the moment he hit send. He tried desperately to delete his message but it was too late. Nervously he checked the inbox of his otherwise empty blog every five minutes, but no reply was coming in. He glanced at the clock. John had several more work hours to go. If Sherlock was lucky, he might get an answer by then after all. He raised up the volume of the incoming message notice and distracted his mind with one of his current experiments.
More, more! Turning in circles through the room, claiming the whole space. More, more! He needed more! Shifting once again; leaps, small at first, straight forward, bigger, grand jetés. Not enough!
When another silence fell between them John used the opportunity to pin the phone between shoulder and ear and fish his keys out of his pocket. When the stubborn shabby front door finally gave way he almost dropped the phone.
Keeping Sherlock in sight by the corner of his eye, John saw him picking something from the pocket of his coat, which he had draped over one of the iron railings. He fiddled with it when he, totally undisturbed, shuffled his way out of the shadows, step after each sluggish step, soles scraping the floor, leaving puffs of dust in his wake.
remember?” John quirked an eyebrow.
“Your hand,” Scott suddenly said sharply, “Lick it.”
"Yes, I did." John nodded but sounded a bit surprised at the reminder, he had almost forgotten. Not exactly the first words he had expected in this moment.
One moment you wonder what purpose life still held for you - the next moment there’s a John Watson standing in the middle of your lab. One moment you're telling the man sitting across from you (and most of all yourself) that you're married to your work - the next moment you regret the words tremendously when you see the disappointment they cause in that man's beautiful eyes. One moment you finally dare to ask said man out to spend some time together and have fun - the next moment he brings one of these annoying women to your date. One moment he’s jealous of The Woman - the next moment you hear him say “I’m not gay”. One moment you are on the height of your game - the next moment you’re falling harder than you would have ever expected. One moment the thought of a certain man keeps you alive through the darkest hells - the next moment the sight of the very same man is throwing you into the darkest hells of them all. One moment you think you have lost him forever - the next moment he’s back in your home and your life…
"Pipette. Four E's Scientific, one to ten millilitres. Presumably best to be purchased online."
*** link to song within the chapter (underlined) and in the end notes ***
"JOHN!" Sherlock exclaimed in horror.
Mycroft understood.
He was inevitably, desperately, absolutely illogical and utterly hopeless in love with John Watson.
“All of it?” he asked with a thick voice.
“Well, I hope enough...” Sherlock beamed like the cat that got the cream. “At least enough to give them time to refill their stock. I refrained from buying wax though as that wasn't quite the success. However, for some reason I took a particular liking to the soothing lotion so I ordered that nonetheless. Wouldn't do any harm, I thought...” Sherlock got up and sauntered in John’s direction, who was very vividly reminded of the way Sherlock’s Pirate had roamed the audience the night before. Only now, there was no-one else but him and the smokey vampire-owl eyed beauty in nothing but his burgundy dressing gown. Fuck all the other guys—this man had chosen him, John Idiot Watson; how could he have ever doubted that…
When John only smirked and raised one eyebrow, Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes.
, but not really and so… yeah, wanted to talk to you.
." Scott snarled as if he'd have any right to.
Sherlock poked him in his side which made John only giggle some more.
song for the chapter can be found
When Greg returned from work that evening apparently it all showed on John's face, because Greg took one look at him and said, calm but stern: “John, I don't know what's going on. If you don't want to share that's okay, it's none of my business. I would offer to help, but I have the strong suspicion that's not a thing I could solve for you. But whatever… you have to do something about it!” And with one more concerned look he added: “You really really should, mate.”
"With Greg?" John teased. Sherlock's eyes grew wider and wider until John nudged him in his thigh and Sherlock huffed and averted his eyes. Apparently he was embarrassed to have given that serious consideration.
"Because it's true. And you know it!" Molly said fiercely, throwing a hard stare in Greg's direction. "We'll have veggie lasagna and that berk over there..." She nodded in Greg's direction. "... doesn't even know how to make a proper lasagna!" She said to John as if that was a sin in itself. "Told me that lasagna grows in the freezer of Tesco!" Despite her still berating tone there was mischief in her eyes. She winked at John and continued the preparation of the meal. “Greg Lestrade, move your lazy butt over here and help me, yeah? I’m not your housemaid, am I?” She ordered Greg around.
His mind had failed, his imagination was cruel.
He realised in that very moment that he would follow this man everywhere. Sherlock Holmes had entered his life...
Now I won't make you wait any longer. I hope you enjoy what I have in store for them! Have fun!
He had laid his heart bare with the song he had sent to Sherlock. He still stood by what he had said… well, written actually. He meant every single word of it. Now though, it was Sherlock’s move. And John was afraid of what it would be. He couldn’t pin Sherlock down. Sherlock was the master of mixed messages recently. There was nothing John wanted more than to be with Sherlock, but only if Sherlock wanted it just as badly. All in or not at all. But even that part was all true…
Sherlock instructed the cabby to drop them in a shady back alley somewhere in Soho John had never been before. There was only one door to be seen and Sherlock nodded faintly in its direction.
"There's no such thing, John."
Thank you all for reading along! You're all marvels!!
"What good would it do to know?"
“You go back in, observe people, talk to people… or rather let them talk to you. I’ll see you later.” And without another word she turned and left him behind, confused, exhausted, annoyed.
What shook him awake though, was Miss Pirate leaving the stage during her performances to join the more than pleased audience. It started out innocently with long spider-web-covered legs dangling over the edge of the stage, Miss Pirate in a perfect school-girl manner pouting her perfect lower lip and, by doing so, drawing all the greedy eyes to it. At this point, John was pretty amused by the way Miss Pirate played her spectators. They were fully at her mercy and oh, didn't he know what that felt like… He was a bit less amused when her beautiful bum lifted off the stage and she started sauntering through the rows of chairs and tables, leaving a trace of drooling men in her wake. What wiped out his humour completely though were the touches. A traced jawline, an arm slung around a shoulder, a high-heeled foot sliding up a calf. In the end, it was pretty much the opposite of humour John felt, when the touches were rewarded—in more ways than John would have liked. Who was he kidding though, there was not a single way he'd find bearable Miss Pirate’s touches to be reciprocated. They shouldn't happen in the first place! But the banknotes, suggestively tucked under straining suspenders, into the seam of delicate stockings… into the waistband of fucking far too sexy lace panties, which were supposed to be fucking hidden under a skirt? God damnit! There was a limit to what he could be expected to stomach before losing his manners. Bloody hell!
Sherlock ran his fingers nervously through his curls, manic, frantic.
As Sherlock had predicted, the scene was pretty small and they encountered the same faces from now and then, even though there seemed to be an endless supply of people Sherlock knew but John didn’t. Once, they even left London to meet up with one of Sherlock's former acquaintances; John was horrified at the thought of contributing to the spreading of the nasty germs around the country and objected to going, almost picking a fight about it… surely they could get the required information in any other way? Sherlock convinced him though that it was absolutely necessary and crucial to solve the case.
“What have you done to your
"Deduced as much." Sherlock said calmly and turned to look straight ahead again. Easier to walk. He would never acknowledge the relief he felt.
But John only reached up to pick just another posh something which Sherlock used to wash his hair with. He showed a bit at Sherlock and carefully guided him down to wet his hair. His partner's eyes closed, fully trusting him to hold him. John scooped the water up in his hands and let it carefully run over Sherlock's hair. When it was all soaked through, he pulled Sherlock back up to cuddle against him so he could spread the shampoo in the wet strands.
A shiver ran down John's spine hearing that form of address. Oh shit, he might enjoy this case-persona a tad too much.
John pushed his tongue forwards, invading Sherlock's mouth as Sherlock did in return, exploring each other in a way they never had before.
“Yep. That’s still me.” John said into the weird silence following, laughing a bit insecure.
John stopped him with the next verse. He needed Sherlock to listen, not to overthink.
that most of the Queens aren't trans women and the men performing drag aren't necessarily gay, they nonetheless indulge in a kink they'd never confess openly, most likely not even to themselves. Most of them see but do not observe. The eye sees what the mind wants to see. And erases every detail interfering with that image."
Ignoring the voices, the raised hands trying to keep him, Sherlock made his way down the stairs which badly needed renovation to prevent them from caving in. Once out in the open he took a deep breath of fresh air already feeling a bit better, his mind clearing up a bit. He looked down at himself, estimating his appearance - ragged shirt, torn trousers, mud covering his shoes. Where had he been? And how long? One hand rubbing the stubble on his cheek the other one tapping and checking his pockets for his belongings. He stopped his hand in the middle of its trail, sliding it into his pocket. He closed his fingers around the very familiar shape of a cool glass vial, a syringe, a cord.
Somehow, he had the feeling of being close to Sherlock here. He imagined still feeling his presence in the shivers of light dancing through the dust. This place was important to Sherlock. So now, it was also important to John. Thinking back filled him with gratitude and sorrow. Also with admiration, awe. Love. He still marveled at the pictures in his head, Sherlock’s lean figure filling the room with his presence, owning it, reigning it. John allowed himself to feel the ache of loss of something he never had.
"Ha! I can live with
John laughed out, holding his man in his arms, squeezing him even tighter against himself.
leads to the logical conclusion that your… encounter might have been of a more carnal nature."
your loyalty and love for this fic means the world to me and is keeping me floating in a world weighing on all our shoulders! I hope you're all still safe and well and bear up as good as possible through these challenging times!! <3<3<3
Never having been able to deny John's efforts of coaxing him into eating, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen counter. He pushed down the handle of the toaster and set the kettle.
Bent forwards he buried his hands into his curls, he clenched his fists, pulled hard. He wanted to tear his hair out, his scalp, his brains.
He had to let it go. He had to take the leap again, but this time thoroughly. It wouldn’t suffice to make John forget
“Only because you were distracting me with your inept handling of the trimmer.” Sherlock retorted snootily while nuzzling against John’s neck at the same time.
“I think…” he said slowly. "Well… this isn't my decision to make. You'll have to ask John himself. I can't estimate his reaction to these news. Now we have background information… I don't know...”
However, if this mail was meant to be ‘talking’ what exactly was it Sherlock wanted to say?
Indifferent faces attached to lacerated bodies flooding his memories, mingled with corpses in London's morgues, on London's streets.
As soon as they stepped under the spray of hot water together all bashfulness was washed away and a sort of eagerness, of hunger, took over. The mix of sensations was heady, the warmth, the patter of the drops on hyper-sensitive skin, the static of the rushing water and above all… hands. Hands everywhere, sliding on slick skin, exploring, caressing, claiming, demanding. Urgent. Needy. And kisses. The taste of their mouths, their tongues, mixed with the sweetness of the water running over their faces. Not bothered by hair plastered on foreheads, eyes stinging from washed out hair products—nothing was important right now but their bodies together, skin on skin, heart to heart.
"John!"
"What drugs?"
This felt exactly the opposite to the downcast hunched figure he had been feeling like just mere moments ago when he had left Mycroft’s office.
He ought to be packing right now. He ought to be preparing. At least, he ought to attend some boring meeting for a briefing he didn't care about. Because tomorrow was
"This is some serious shit, mate." When John only kept breathing shakily and didn't even do as much as look at him, he added: "This… Christ, John, even you must realise that… this… coming from Sherlock… is a fucking love declaration."
back in your life! I’ve always been just second choice… I wouldn’t ever had a chance! Never! Did it really take
“No… not really a thing… more like… a clue.” John told him.
Mycroft whirled around without losing an inch of his grandeur and raised his chin. "No, Sherlock, you stop it."
“Didn't I?” Sherlock looked sincerely surprised.
"I will, I will, yes, John, just stop it…" Sherlock rambled.
They immediately flew open again when he was taken by surprise by the almost spheric sounds of some sort of electronic music and a choir starting to sing.
and read about a technique that will be used on patients who present in cardiac arrest from a penetrating injury, for example a gunshot or stab wound.
mean… Listen, how long will you be available? I mean… Can I call you later?”
"Almost." Mycroft said, his voice carrying a tinge of sadness. Sherlock looked up at that, studying his brother's face, who didn't look away, held his gaze, let Sherlock see. Sherlock swallowed.
He was still standing in his vest and pants in front of the sofa, where he had laid out the garments of choice, when a ruffled and sleepy Greg emerged from the bedroom. He scratched his cheeks and yawned heartily.
"Stop it, John. Stop!!!" he shouted.
“Me.” he said quietly.
“Here? Where ‘here’?” Scott asked, puzzled.
“It’s
John wanted to say
“One or two?” John grinned to himself.
Nobody seemed to look suspicious, nobody watched him or laughed at him. So it must have been standard procedure then?
“Didn’t know there was a recording of our first crime scene.” The corners of his mouth pulled up, his shoulders slightly shaking with suppressed laughter.
He squeezed his eyes shut, inhaling, exhaling, shallowly.
"Of course not, John, considering I've not been out of bed yet. You're behaving even more absurd than usual this morning." Sherlock started to roll away from John, but John only pulled him closer, hugging him tight.
But John silenced him with a kiss and only hummed a melody he thought might be familiar even to Sherlock against his pliant lips.
“He just never wanted you to get hurt.” In desperation he gave a little tug with the hand still settled on Sherlock’s nape. He needed Sherlock to understand. He pulled him closer until their foreheads were pressed together. Their breath mingled in the narrow space between their faces. Sherlock was grasping John’s shirt collar, the other hand had never eased the firm hold of his face. It felt as if Sherlock was clinging to him, as if he was afraid John were about to leave, would be gone the next moment.
Sighing, Sherlock dropped his gaze from the letter and his eyes fell on the thing, which had been wrapped in John’s letter, currently lying in his lap.
The thing was, the longer the night lasted the more the line got blurred between what was still act and what wasn’t. His confusion was only spurred by Miss Pirate's apparent attempt to win the contest of Miss Mixed-Signals. The one moment she leaned into his touch, almost clinging to his side—the next moment she glared at him when he gave her an affectionate peck or ran his hand up and down her back. She alternated between being sweet and snappy and shy and frosty in a way that his brain ended up in knots in the attempt to keep up.
“I'm well aware of what I did to you. I can't change the past. It's all there, it has all happened. You can't undo that, John. Please, don't try to deny it. Don't just brush it off.”
John huffed. Well,
“Why?” The whining hadn’t receded one bit.
. Plural. They're more than one, which automatically requires addressing in plural. Which the 'they' already implies by the way. So your initial proverb wasn't correct. This would be…"
The moment John inhaled deeply to gather all the bravery he could muster, Sherlock stopped fiddling, raised his head and, while still moving, tossed the object in his hands carelessly aside into the dust. Almost immediately the room was
“Dull… dull… dull…” Sherlock mumbled, scrolling through forms that were attached to Lestrade’s emails. When John cleared his throat and threw him a warning glance, he backed down. “Dull for
Drawing one more breath he started to gather his few things, rummage the shelves and cupboards. Searching through the books and magazines. Everything he found he threw carelessly on the living room floor.
"Right, of course, you wouldn't know." he said. "I stayed at Greg's after I… left Baker Street." Apparently, John felt uncomfortable. Sherlock wondered why?
He was standing at the window again. Observed the long shadows, only the rooftops still bathed in sunlight, people now wearing cardigans or light jumpers. Mrs Hudson watching one of her pre prime time series. The smell of something oven baked hanging in the air. How long had they been on the phone? It hadn't felt that long. But then, time never felt long when spent with John Watson. Actually, it never felt long enough.
His breath was slowing down, he was able to swallow, the pressure on his heart eased. He nodded, telling John without words that he had heard, that he had understood. That he knew.
(PS. Thank you all for your patience, your support, your enthusiasm, your encouragement. For reading, for kudos, for life-giving comments. Thank you. On my behalf and the behalf of "my" boys. I hope their happiness is worth all the angst I put you through! Stay safe everyone!!! 💗)
"And I never thought I'd say this and I can't believe I'm saying it now, but… you also helped me by cock-blocking all my dates." He drew his eyebrows together and mockingly glared at Sherlock, who barked out a laugh which was beautifully echoed by the expanse of the hall around them.
He had just entered the flat, getting back from his grocery shopping marathon. He had had to visit five (5!!) stores to get the most basic shopping done and he still hadn’t found any toilet paper. Same with the flour and eggs. So no pancakes or scrambled eggs for breakfast. He had been lucky to get hold of the last cans of baked beans in the second store he had been in and some toast, even if only the thin sliced one, in the fourth.
John wasn't one to notice the obvious… but the very idea of John being right there, being that close, watching him while he was… oh god, he would never be able to face him again. He would never again be able to look him straight… ha… in the eye without going up in flames right that instant by sheer embarrassment alone.
Opening his eyes again he saw the beauty striding away from him, their heavenly lips pressed in a firm kiss on his dog tags. They winked at him, throwing a cheeky smile over their shoulder.
He hadn't expected anything of this evening and now he had been seduced by the most beautiful dancer and his first encounter with another person since what felt like forever had been with a Pirate in a dark hallway. A special Pirate. An amazing and quite extraordinary Pirate.
John watched the bulging muscles of Sherlock's thighs working, contradicting the delusive impression of effortlessness of his movements. The undefined, elapsing, ungraspable creature being kept together by tendons straining, from heels to calves, from calves to thighs, from inner thighs all the way up, stretching soft marble skin, until vanishing underneath deep black cotton at Sherlock’s groin.
“He has built up a widely spread international web of a multitude of crimes, of which he barely commits any himself. He’s like Mycroft but then on the other side of the same coin—he has his minions to do the dirty work for him and earns all the glory. If Mycroft is the Queen, then Moriarty is the King of the Underworld. There is really only one branch of his business so to speak he’s personally interested in and that is to indulge in his little kink for dancers. Preferably male dancers. Even more so, gay male dancers.” He shifted a bit nervously on his chair, lowering his eyes, watching the keyboard of the laptop intensively. John, who had settled across from him, watched him, concerned.
about her! Christ, he had to calm down. There was nothing to it, in the least he had to endure them watching her; he also had no influence on them thinking of her, those wankers. How dare they! But well, mass murder wasn’t an option either...
*** link to song(s) within the chapter (underlined) and in the end notes ***
"Of course!" Scott said, sounding almost affronted.
“Oh.” Another quiet brush of breath.
John didn’t know what to do with himself anymore. “We’re having a fucking pandemic out there. We’re supposed to follow the strictest hygiene precautions. Which means… we have to
“They do have a special section for vampires as well, by the way...” Sherlock growled low in his throat. Leaning over, Sherlock licked his lips. John couldn't help but giggle.
Hands shaking.
"It's not exactly 'dashing' what we're doing right now. Rather 'dawdling', don't you… *gasp*"
“A friend…” Scott said sceptically. Even downright disbelieving. Jeez, what was up with that guy today. “You don’t have friends.” He almost spat that word out.
“Yes, of course.” The guy sounded irritated. “Wouldn’t it be vastly impractical otherwise?”
Briefly he wondered what had happened to the dizziness from earlier, where the sudden clearness had come from.
"You damn well know what this is about." he said, his voice hoarse and strained.
"Uhm, I met him twice. Three times actually if you count in the delivery of your letter. The first time was right the next day though. When you left again in the morning."
He lowered his eyes to his hands clasped in his lap and realised that he had been clenching them into the fabric of his not inexpensive trousers.
Sherlock on the roof, trying to convince him that it had all been a trick, all their life, everything that was important to John a lie… Mary in the sitting room of 221b, mocking him: “Did it really take
, he thought.
When Molly finally tore her eyes away, she looked a bit uncertain at John, her gaze jittering back to Greg now and then. John wasn’t sure if this was due to her not very well hidden attraction, which John wasn’t sure she was even aware of herself,  or rather to the subject she addressed. She licked her lips self-consciously before opening her mouth and immediately shut it again. Finally she brought herself to speak up, which was merely a babble actually, her voice small of hesitation.
Yes, he thought, that was what had helped him through that time, Sherlock living inside his memories, guiding him, being everywhere. That was what had kept John alive back then, the fear of missing out on anything that would have been connected to Sherlock in the slightest, he couldn’t possibly abandon any of that by just leaving… It wasn’t allowed to be forgotten. So he had to live on…
He couldn't wait any longer, he couldn't. It wasn't humanly possible to resist this man. So he met Sherlock's searching mouth once again and kissed him passionately.
He was pulled back into the here and now by the clink of a saucer, belonging to a pompous tea set designed by Fortnum & Mason, on the kitchen table in front of him. Scowling, he looked down at it.
everyone, regardless which flavour or taste, is welcome here!! We’re one big bunch of queers of all kinds, sweetheart! Welcome to our humble community!! <3<3<3
“And why…,” He cleared his throat, “... the shaving?”
(If you like the thought of Sherlock dancing, I really really recommend watching this vid!! The fun thing is: I swear to whomever that I didn't know this vid before starting this fic, thinking of the location and all that stuff. I didn't even know it the moment I chose this song. I only recently discovered this version and couldn't believe my eyes!!! Really, watch it!!)
He could feel his favourite pyjama bottoms clinging to his legs under the duvet and gliding over his bare butt when he shifted a little. So no pants. And no tee covering his upper body either. His bare chest was rubbing against the cotton of the sheets, painfully reminding him of the plain difference to other sheets he was shielding under not a very long time ago.
“It's a nice place you found yourself, Greg. I really like it here.” He had witnessed Greg's face relaxing. “I would be happy to take the couch… a hell of a lot better than any room I could afford otherwise.”
I get paid. Absolutely paid! For this… the… uhm… talking!” he said, a bit too loud for John’s liking. And a bit too — well, what was it...? Artificial? Not sincere? Was he lying to John? John’s brow furrowed and he couldn’t exactly find a reason for the stab of pain he felt in his chest. He only grunted as a response.
There was nothing left of the grace and beauty John had witnessed, nothing of the accuracy of each movement, nothing of the power and determination he had seen.
He silently looked at the camera for a moment. As if waiting for a response. And Sherlock would have loved to give it to him. To confirm it. Yes… that… the two of them. But he couldn't. It was impossible. It was tearing him apart. How? How did people do this? John-on-screen then cleared his throat, stemmed his hands on his knees as if to get up.
"Mike Stamford stuck…" Sherlock tried.
He waited impatiently. He had to admit that, although of course he was concerned about John, a part of him was also curious. It was a case after all.
Sherlock was puzzled. What? What was John on about? Where did this leap suddenly come from?
"I'm sorry, Sherlock." he said, low but intently. "You're absolutely right and I'm really really sorry." He searched Sherlock's eyes in the hope to convey the depth of his regret. He fucking loved this man! He couldn't have him being hurt.
Out of breath, short pause, chest heaving, heart racing. No not ready, still able to feel, still able to think, still able to stand on his feet.
PS.: Check out
“John, you have to understand that I realised…” Sherlock said at exactly the same moment.
Not every memory was clear. Some were blurred, some were distorted, some were out of reach.
"Well, Mrs Hudson… to be honest… actually I'm here… uhm… for Sherlock. Is he in?" He asked, half apologetic half restless. Mrs Hudson's face clouded immediately and John's stomach dropped, his throat constricting.
With clouded eyes he threw a glance around him from time to time without really taking anything in. He wasn't really aware where he was or how he'd come here or how long it had taken him. All he knew was that he'd never once anticipated how a life without any chance of John Watson's company ever again would feel like. He had always,
John must think he had gone insane. Or… or… that he was… using. Or any other kind of mind meddling anything. John needed to know!
"Something like that."
'It feels so good to reunite' … Sherlock could only huff thinking of this. Yes, that’s what he had hoped for when he came back to London and tried to find a way to face John for the first time after two years of misery! And what did he get instead? A John Watson who had ‘moved on’! Could it have been any worse? Could John have made it any more obvious how 'good' it felt for him to 'reunite'? He had made it pretty clear what he had thought of Sherlock’s return! Sherlock could still vividly remember the ache of his sore back the moment John Watson had pushed him on the ground in the middle of the Landmark’s.
The lyrics kept whirling in his mind, but now he was able to observe them from afar. The words appeared on paper snippets hovering in front of his eyes, as if they only waited to be picked out of the air to be analyzed.
"It's known to be my forte." Scott mumbled with a grin in his voice
"No, Sherlock. Not what I meant. Not… doesn't matter." John sounded more sober by now but no less tired. Wrung out was what his voice sounded like, thought Sherlock.
"Yes, you are." Sherlock confirmed flatly, amusement unmistakable in his voice.
That taken care of, he shuffled out of his denims, at the same time scooting up the bed, hastily grabbing the phone on his way. He was relieved to hear a stream of familiar sounding panting, now and then interrupted by a flummoxed huff.
