Sherlock is then accosted by Mycroft, and is kept busy with him for about half an hour before he had to go again. He was on his way to visit their parents, and Sherlock declined visiting once again. His brother had been near begging him to go, as he hadn't seen them in over a year, but Sherlock doesn't want to worry them, as they know nothing of the recent goings-on. Sherlock was grateful that Mycroft kept his privacy to such a degree, if nothing else.
"Alright then," John says, stretching a bit before getting up from the bed. "We best be at it, I'll ring Lestrade and tell him you're still on the case. Ready in about 15 minutes?"
"Wow, he really has lost it," he hears Donovan saying as he stalks down the hallway. Anger fills up the detective's chest, but he doesn't turn around for fear of people seeing the tears welling in his eyes.
"Then maybe you should stop acting like one."
He begins to start wiping his hands and mouth and flushes the toilet, and like a well-oiled machine, becomes presentable in a matter of seconds.
"No." Sherlock answers definitivley. "I'll let you tonight. That wasn't the deal."
"It's nice to see you looking so well. We really missed you last year," she says, still smiling.
Sherlock slumped back down, his eyes shuttering closed again. Embarrassed or not, he still felt a sick sense of glee at the thought of still being light enough to be carried so easily by someone shorter than him.
Sherlock feels like his heart stops, and he opens his mouth to speak.
"Okay."
"Hey...John?" He asks hesitantly.
"I, um, well, I don't, well--" Sherlock squeaks out, adorably discombobulated.
They sit on the couch for a long while, much after the sun had set and the streetlights filled the flat with an orangey light, painting the furniture in rich golds and yellows, stretching the shadows until they were unrecognizable from the object that cast it.
doing cases, there's nothing he would rather be doing. So why was he on the floor of a random (thankfully empty) room of Scotland Yard losing control over something that used to bring him joy??
"God, it's freezing out, how long have you been out here?"
The razors eventually snaps free, and two perfect little blades fall onto the bathroom floor. They're going to be harder to hold than a full blade, but he's past caring. He tests the razor on the inside of his wrists, just barely scratching the skin. He knows he should wake John up. He knows he's capable of putting the blades down before he could do more damage. He knows he's going to break John's heart, and maybe even drive John to leave him.
John responds with a brilliant smile. "That sounds like the Sherlock I know. Come along, we'll meet Lestrade so he can hand over jurisdiction."
!" He angrily mutters, smacking the side of his head and tugging on his hair a bit in frustration. Why the ever-loving
Because he can take care of his own damn self. He doesn't need a third parent. He's in control and a master of his mind and body.
Sherlock shrinks back, wishing he had just left John to sleep so he can finally cut. "It's just me...are you awake?"
Suddenly, Sherlock wakes with a start as he feels hands on his shoulders shaking him. He opens his eyes blearily and squinted at the two forms in front of him.
Sherlock's face burns with shame, but is determined to keep up his cocky, arrogant façade. "Oh, do get over it John, I'm not dead so I think you should be grateful."
God, it's cold.
"I don't know all the words, just the first few lines of the chorus, but I did like it. Reminded me of you."
"Christ, Sherlock..." he whispers, staring at the ground in defeat.
Sherlock's face twists into disgust. "Oh, come on, not Lestrade! I hate Scotland Yard," he mutters under his breath. Suddenly, something hits him. "Do they know?"
"Sherlock, we don't have to do this," John says gently. "If you're not ready for this, we can--"
John has to admit, showering with someone is much better than showering alone, even if there was no sex or anything suggestive happening.
"No." Sherlock answers, a little too quickly.
"I don't know what you want me to say, John. It hurt me too, okay? How do you think it felt to watch you fall apart? How do you think it felt that there was
"Now, I think we actually need to do something today, but afterwards we can do whatever you want." John says, changing the subject and smiling.
"Yeah?" John looks up from where he was putting away the scale, concern emerging from his gorgeous eyes.
"Thank you. I think it'll be alright, worse case scenario is that it'll take a bit and everyone can just have the hors d'oeuvres in the meantime." John says, standing and placing the thermometer on the counter, then closing the oven again.
Sherlock feels his eyes well with tears suddenly and intensely, his throat tightening almost to the point of suffocation.
"It's called heterochromia," Sherlock interrupts again. "I've had it all my life, it's one of the only things I do like about myself."
Sherlock enjoyed Christmas, even though he knew it was just consumerism thinly veiled by religious fanaticism, and he enjoyed how much John enjoyed it as well.
Sherlock casually snakes his arm back to his side, clutching his sleeve cuffs. "Yeah, you'd better...wouldn't want to get you fired..."
Sherlock opens his mouth to argue, ready to unleash his indignant protests. He doesn't eat during cases, John knows that. Yes, that was partially an excuse for his eating disorder, but it also was due to the fact that eating made him slow, sluggish, and unable to perform at his highest.
“Friends’ camp!” –repeated John, pretending to be delighted. “What a thrill!” he threw Sherlock an incendiary look.
“And why were they bled to death?“ asked Greg.
"What the hell?" cried Lestrade, taking a step forward.
"Goodbye, Doctor Watson."
"What do you want, Mycroft? I'm busy".
"John" sobbed the detective, his voice a husky whisper "take it out, for heaven's sake, take it out, take it...oh fuuuuuuck!
"It's everything okay, love?" asked John softly.
"I don't know what you are talking about."
"Vincent Spaulding" Mycroft mused as if in a dream.
Sherlock looked at Lestrade with narrowed eyes.
“Sherlock, some things in life simply can’t be explained.”
An infinite sadness came over him as he realized Everett was trying to explain to him he already had a soul mate. If he had wanted to, he would have seen the future, known in advance what the former CIA agent tried to tell him. But he chose not to. Listening to him with an already broken heart would be much harder.
"Mycroft shot him? Why?"
“Bumblebee, I need you to help me to play a game.”
The doctor came closer to him so that his face was inches away from the mercenary's.
"And why don't they give him some half-kilo ones?" Lestrade asked.
"Oh, yes. Thank God he didn't find any potassium nitrate. So, instead of gunpowder, he devised a mechanism for firing the ammunition. And before you ask, the ammunition was mud balls. It swept away my army" Mycroft ran his tongue down the inside of his cheek and smoothed out his suit vest "although, in his discharge, I have to say that perhaps reading him Sun Tzu's "The Art of War" the day before the final battle was not a good idea."
He truly gaped.
John closed his eyes, grunting and moaning, straining the ropes trying to free himself. The vision was so hot he started hardening again, swelling in Sherlock's wet and warm mouth, as the detective gently nibbled the head, moaning while he took out his finger two introduce two, his eyes closed, purring like a cat on his cock, his tongue vibrating around it. John growled.
"Where is Mycroft?" whispered Lestrade.
And so, he did the only he could do: try as much as possible to make John happy. Even if it meant dying a little every time he saw them together, every time John kissed Mary as Sherlock dreamed of being kissed by him, every time he was left alone in Baker Street knowing that his love was with Mary.
“You are not so threatening after coming three times,” then he got serious and checked Sherlock’s pulse.
Both dozed, Sherlock cuddling up to John, the doctor enjoying his soft, relaxed breath until Lestrade went to get them to join the group.
"When we are back to Baker Street, I will drag you to Regents Park by night and fuck you there, in full view of everyone," he growled, his own cock throbbing hard at the thought.
“Anthea! “ bellowed, ”AN-THE- A!”
He was also madly worried about Rosie. The idea of his daughter in danger made him nauseating. He only could hope that witch of Irene would take care of her and calm her until he arrived.
With the help of Sholto and Bill, he lifted the bulky rock that covered it.
John took advantage of this moment to sink his tongue into Sherlock's hole and fuck him with it while he rubbed Sherlock's perineum with his hand, massaging his prostate from the outside.
She fell silent, covered her mouth with her hand.
John smiled.
"Why did you keep fighting?" asked Natasha astonished.
"Fuck!" snarled Anthea when Charmant was mentioned. Her companions looked at her in surprise.
The man looked at Rosie and then at Sherlock’s dark curled hair and raised an eyebrow.
"And their parents?
"Don't worry, Mr. Holmes. This is included on the bill".
"Could I take it?" repeated Rosie, breaking the spell.
Sherlock looked at him, shaking his head in pain. His angry gesture disappeared, giving way to infinite sadness, absolute desolation, slowly sinking back into the dark void that was his only companion until he met John.
"Major Sholto's number!" Lestrade ordered.
He fucked Sherlock slowly with his fingers. The string of "yes, yes, yes" coming from the detective's mouth increased in loudness, interspersed with muffled panting, encouraged the doctor to play a bit more with his entrance, until he shoved three fingers inside, twisting them and brushing across the detective's prostate, making Sherlock arch his back and cried out.
"You know you're a brilliant girl, Rosie?"
The detective smiled murderously. He only needed to blind the man a bit more with fury. Then, he would give back blow for blow all that he gave John.
Both nodded.
“Sorry if I scared you,” the detective almost jumped when Rowan whispered at his side, “But I couldn't let them miss this.”
Stephen burst out laughing, and with a determined air, he crossed the entrance of the Avengers' facility, crossed it, and walked into the hall where Stark, Steve, Clint, and Natasha were looking at a location hologram.
"Chaos," answered Tony.
The elder Holmes shook his head.
"Who followed my daughter?" the doctor asked again.
"It's Mycroft's fault; his driver didn't stop when I asked him to."
"Sherlock knew something wasn't right. He still hasn't figured out what it is. That's why he wants us to follow in his footsteps at the right distance for him. He wants a controlled cavalry."
Later, when the kids started complaining about being thirsty, Sherlock, left Rosie and Sarah in charge of them (they both were the Colonels now, which seemed to please Sarah to unimaginable levels) and went out from the dolmen, looking for a nearby stream that appeared in the map.
"Your armchair and the Union Jack Doodle's cushion! And Mr. Holmes' armchair. And the skull!" he went over to take it. "Is it true it is from a friend of Mr. Holmes?"
“Anderson, thanks for your input.” Interrupted Lestrade, causing even more loud laughter from John, who recognized the sentence from one of his books.
“Sherlock, they are children, they have to eat healthy, furthermore being me a doctor.”
"See you" John disappeared downstairs, running to the last shop he wanted to visit.
"You see, sir? He is still playing the violin," muttered one of the terrified officers, sounded a bit alleviated, swallowing hard.
Sherlock smirked.
"How is he?"
"Do you want me to fuck you?" he asked nervously.
“I was astonished. I had always tried to be a good boss, facilitate their work and avoid them to feel the pressure from the superiors. Within what they offered me, I looked for the best men and women.”
When finally the owners arrived, as it was beginning at dusk, they invited John and Tommy to overnight at the house. John doubted, but he decided it was better to wait to the next day to call Tommy’s parents and arrange the van to pick up Sherlock and the rest of the kids.
John raised an eyebrow, and the detective lowered his head. He knew what that gesture meant. John asked him countless times to wait for Lestrade's arrival or to leave him behind. And he'd never listened to him.
And if someone with Sherlock's verbal incontinence learned to keep his mouth shut waiting for information from his confidant, it was clear that Mycroft could do it.
"And the other Sherlock couldn't turn around?" asked Steve.
“Anthea ...,” Mycroft seemed about to faint, ”she...”
"We have to sleep here," murmured the detective, dozing. "I couldn't climb the stairs even if I wanted to."
"Uncle Myc! Uncle Lestrade!" shouted Rosie in excitement "we're making chocolate cookies" she looked at the serious faces of the grownups and frowned, "Is something wrong, Aunt Molly?"
The detective blinked. For a moment, he forgot everything, lost in the relief of finally finding him. He nodded, pulled a small cutter from his backpack, and moved to cut off Bill's handcuffs. He gave him another bottle of water, and they both went over to John. Sherlock released him and, while the detective feed the others and handed them water, Bill examined John's shoulder.
Mycroft stopped as if the DI had slapped him.
“Excuse me?”
"So, what do we do now?"
"Time to dust off the suits," clapped Tony.
"No, we all know you are turned on by John," retorted Anderson, unable to contain himself.
"I was scared to death when he showed up at my house the night of the pub. I thought he was going to break me in two".
John's hands ran up and down the detective's body under his coat, across his chest, his abdomen, his thighs... causing his nipples to harden under his shirt and his cock twitch under his trousers.
John closed his fist around the shaft, poured a bit of whine on the tip into it, and licked it, tasting the mixture of precum and alcohol, flicking his tongue on the slit, making Sherlock cry with pleasure.
He threw his head back, looking at the sky, wails shaking his body. He shook his head, refusing to accept John was there, and then he threw himself forward until he let his head touched the dirt, sobbing loudly.
John came over and kissed him gently on the lips. Sherlock was still tense, his eyes following all his movements. The doctor stroked his hair to reassure him and kissed him gently again. Sherlock, more relaxed, responded to the kiss.
He turned to the door, racking his brains, trying to remember a spell that would heal a broken heart.
Sherlock emitted a noise like a chocked laugh, a hiccup, and a moan, altogether.
"So you've missed him," she mumbled, amused.
"I have to get you to safety. Mycroft and his men..."
Donovan, Anderson, and the rest joined them.
"I…" he looked nervously at Donovan, Anderson, and the rest of the Yards, all of them horrified by the idea of him dating the British Government. "Look, Mycroft…"
Molly and Mrs. Hudson appeared at the end of the aisle and looked at each other, smiling. Mrs. Hudson then looked at John and winkled at him.
Mycroft looked away, frowning.
"I don't want to be shot like a dog," he gestured to the Yards "or being captured and locked in some secret laboratory. Promise me you'll kill me".
“What do you mean?”
Sherlock nodded, though he wasn't quite sure he wouldn't come at the very moment his mouth came in contact with John's dick.
“Come on, Tommy, you’ll be right with Sherlock.”
“When we go back to London, I’ll remove your armour, piece by piece,” purred the detective in the doctor’s ear and kissed him deeply, making the doctor’s anger dissolve almost instantly.
“I still don’t understand how you could fall  in love with him.“ She teased John.
"So you don't have to apologize," he checked his watch. "Time to go home, or Mummy Sherlock will scold me."
"Of course. I will be waiting for you. Every day at eleven."
Sherlock rocked his hips a bit, trying to make contact with the doctor's body. John smiled and ran his hands up Sherlock's sides, poking them softly, making Sherlock jerk at the tickling sensation.
“I let him down.“ John whispered, hopeless, shaking his head. “I have let him down.”
"It wasn't him," Stephen repeated.
At the moment, he closed his eyes, Anderson and the rest of the men surrounded Sherlock, as Donovan remained where she was, enjoying the vision of the freak submitted by his colleagues.
“Good evening,” she greeted, sitting down in front of both of them. “Apologies for the delay.”
******
“Nothing?” the old woman looked at the shattered crockery that covered the floor.
The man's face turned white as paper.
Sherlock got up and entered the truck through one of the windows, being careful not to be seen by the others. When he returned, he looked again into Mycroft's case and pulled out a stitch and a needle.
The next morning, Sherlock snorted over his coffee when John walked a bit funny into the kitchen.
He shrugged.
"Please…god…I can't…fu mmmmm…oh" and Sherlock moaned frenzy when John started hitting his prostate with every push, as Lestrade fucked his mouth hard and deep, making Sherlock impaling himself in John's cock with every thrust, and John making Sherlock almost swallow Greg's balls with the force of his push, until the DI came hard in the detective's mouth, shivering, shouting and grunting, pulling hard from Sherlock's hair. The detective moaned even louder, jerking his hips madly, a new orgasm building inside him, his mouth free again to scream in pleasure, encouraging John to fuck him.
“Simply don’t get naked into the sleeping bag.”
Rosie was reading or at least pretending to do it, sitting between Irene's crossed legs, her legs folded against her body, resting her back against the woman's chest. She seemed calm, but she furtively looked Irene, so the dominatrix tried to keep her face as impenetrable as she could, something truly complicated next to Sherlock's daughter.
He didn't give a damn what the Avengers thought, but the doubt and bewilderment in John's eyes hurt him. He couldn't bear the doctor looking at him like that, as if all the faith he had in Sherlock was shattered into a thousand pieces.
. "This line is armored and encrypted. It's impossible…"
“They stopped, nobody knows why.”
"Along with our lives, we have seven chances to transform ourselves without the moon. Nevertheless, it's not the same as with the full moon. I won't be able to recognize anyone. I won't be able to recognize you. I could hurt you."
"He went down to the cove" Bart's voice behind him startled him. The man, who was picking up the plates and glasses from dinner, pointed to a stone staircase in the dark at the terrace's edge, "just go down there. The stairs will light up as you go down".
"I'm waiiiiiting," crooned John, grabbing his cock and stroking himself slowly. "I'll explain to you what's going to happen from now on. If I come before you find your way down here, I'll happily go to bed to sleep while you'll have to spend the night hanging there, hard and unable to come ".
The doctor looked at her in a way that made Donovan feel uncomfortable. His gaze used to be clean, affectionate or firm, without that mixture of mockery and hardness with which he was looking at her.
"I don't want any details, thank you. "
“John, whatever you or Sherlock need, don’t hesitate to contact me. I know Sherlock won’t do it”.
John smiled and went up the last flight of stairs. Rosie's room was attic, with windows in the ceiling that allowed her to see the sky, heat-insulated windows through which light but not heat entered. The room was almost as big as their living room in Baker Street, occupied by a bed, a small table, a large closet, and a vast library that covered three of the walls, the two and a half meters from the floor to the ceiling, full of books that Rosie was looking with interest. She inherited her parents' love of reading.
They chatted on for a while, Mrs. Hudson blurting out blunders here and there over tea until they heard a hard thump on the roof, followed by two fast and two slow ones.
The landlady came over and gently patted his arm.
"The perfect place to commit a crime," Sherlock continued. John snorted, "secluded, solitary places to hide a body..."
"Please, please, please, it will only be for a little while, really," begged Peter, clasping his hands in pleading.
"From what I have seen, it has a temperature sensor. I put it in the microwave. For now, they will think it's broken with the blows, but still in your body."
“I am sick of this kind of stupidities. Pick me up at St. Barts. And control your people!”
Mycroft's assistant chuckled.
Holmes frowned deeply.
“I’ll treat you,” said John, softly kissing Sherlock’s lips "like a porcelain doll, sweetheart”.
"Clay was always a great master of the smoke curtains" replied Mycroft "in the middle of the commotion, concentrating many troops against the door, it was not difficult for him to carry out the deception".
"And this is only the first day. Wait for me to finish with you. You will build here a Baker Street replica."
"What's going on?"
"Oh yes, it's true," Tony stood up too "FRIDAY is recruiting us, for..., the duty that calls us".
Sherlock looked alarmed this time. Lestrade giggled.
Holmes let him rest for a few hours handcuffed to the bed. After that, holding a gun, dragged him to the living room and handcuffed him to one of the heating pipes. Apart from the fact that he was indeed ravenous, he hoped that would force Holmes to get food somehow, which would allow him to stay in the apartment alone and try to escape.
Their cocks throbbed in his hand as he stroked them, drops of precum dripping down both tips, lubricating his grip and making the strokes smoother. He slid his hand down and up their shafts, making them part their lips to suck in some air. Sherlock kept pumping, squeezing, caressing, both overwhelmed from how long it had been since they touched each other.
Sherlock waited a bit, trying to clear his mind.
The rookie looked at her without understanding, but he was new and didn't want to screw up.
John was at his side, looking at him with a worried expression, his fingers around his wrist to check his pulse.
“Maybe you need…”
“Ouch, John, don’t do that!”
"No, I am a freaking special husband."
"Do you think he will fire her?"
“No, but I can’t tell you what it is about”.
"Are you going to kiss now or not?" I'm hungry”.
Because in 221B, there was nothing unusual about a fridge anymore. No thumbs, no eyeballs, no other animal organs scattered around the house. Since Rosie's arrival, everything disappeared. The detective rented 221C and moved his lab there out of desperation for John. It was much bigger than their kitchen, and he had installed, in addition to all the lab equipment, a refrigerator, and a freezer. As he told Lestrade, he felt chills just thinking about what could be in there.
Her mind went back to when she mistakenly thought the detective was trying to seduce her while deciphering the cell phone message she showed him. She was wrong, just like Iceman, though he was right about one thing: Sherlock was trying to impress someone, but not her. He unleashed and showed his brain's full potential, like a peacock its tail, while performing a seduction dance with her, hoping that jealousy would crack the wall behind which John hid his bisexuality.
He returned to John's grave, lay down beside him, hid his face in his hands, and began to sob again.
The Major was surprised at how quickly he obeyed. One night at the pub with John, both of them quite drunk, the doctor told him that just mentioning John's welfare was enough to make the detective - almost - obedient.
John smiled shyly.
"All right," Sherlock sighed.
"Looks like someone's sleepy. But now you have to fasten your seatbelt, sweetheart," said John, helping her to do it "as soon as we take off, the stewardess will bring you a pillow."
“Sherlock, lower the gun,” ordered Mycroft.
“But if you sweeten it…”
They both giggled and remained silent for a bit, Sherlock resting his head on John's chest, wrapped in the doctor's strong arms, while John softly stroked the detective's hair, giving the detective time to assume everything he went through during the last days.
The story grew a bit more than expected, so we added two more chapters
John knew all the wedding and guest excitement was totally against Sherlock's character, and the effort the detective was making for him made him fall even more in love. The effort and that damn purple tuxedo he was now trying not to focus his thoughts on, but which John knew well, would be torn to shreds before the end of the day.
Sherlock went to the wooden planks that formed the wall and ran his finger through the dirt in between them.
"So, take your umbrella, get out of here, and don't reappear until I tell you, got it?"
“Me?” asked John innocently, his hands rubbing Sherlock’s sides up and down until they rested on Sherlock’s pants waistband. The doctor pressed his body against Sherlock, so the detective could feel his already hard cock.
"Besides, he was with Doctor Watson. With the bad blood he has, they are fucked" he gestured to the spirits.
"You should sit down and work out your stupid sibling rivalry" sighed Lestrade.
“You couldn't know what was going to happen.”
"Rosie! Come here! "she shouted in a voice drowning in emotion.
"What's going on, Mycroft?" he asked, running to Kabul gate.
He would have run, but at every step, the dildo collided with his prostate, bringing it dangerously close to orgasm, so he was forced to amble in small steps, trying not to move the dildo inside himself. From time to time, on some larger stride, the dildo would bump into his prostate again, and Sherlock had to stop, clench his teeth and contract his muscles to avoid coming, precum gushing from the tip of his cock.
The older Holmes nodded briefly, looking at them one by one, deducing them a less analytical and more intimidating way than the detective.
“What could you say to calm people? We are talking about a murderer who sneaks into houses with windows and doors closed.”
“Keep on with it. I won’t bother you,” replied the doctor, licking another drop, following its path across Sherlock’s neck. The detective snorted but didn’t move an inch.
Sherlock nodded mortified. He hadn't accompanied Lestrade because the case was not beyond one. Lestrade spent a fortnight in hospital, and Mycroft didn't leave his bed for a second, after which they made up.
Sherlock walked back towards the dolmen. He smiled. Rosie and her friends were sitting in a perfect line, quiet and still, waiting for the fallow deer to appear.
"Well, what are we waiting for? If he's the singularity, let's go get him." urged Steve.
"You are a crossbreed between Rudolph and a hibernating grumpy bear."
Sherlock chuckled at the memory.
John burst out laughing despite himself. He leaned in and kissed him gently on the lips. God, how he missed him...
John and Greg run next to her. Hundreds of zombies were climbing by the façade, trying to reach their window.
?" asked Donovan.
(See the end of the chapter for
A deathly silence descended in the office. All eyes turned to her.
"Give me five minutes to finish this case," he said, taking a folder.
"None of your business, Major."
Stephen nodded.
“You are not going to untie me, aren’t you?”
"It's all right, dear, compared to Sherlock, you are a balm for the soul," chuckled Mrs. Hudson.
" My husband."
John chuckled. They hugged hard.
“Problems in the Met?”
They were running out of time. And his daughter's life with him.
"Does your offer still stand?"
"When you come to take me home?.
While Sherlock Holmes was moaning.
Natasha frowned.
"Oh, of course. He was in on it, wasn't he?" John squinted. "And your parents. That's why they didn't come to the funeral!"
Lestrade ran his hand through his greyish hair. Since his team listened John and Sherlock having sex at Baker Street, he tried to delay as much as possible inviting the detective to another crime scene, ashamed of looking both of them at the face, afraid of they could guess what happened and threatened about the detective's revenge and the doctor's anger.
He glanced sidelong at Everett, his lips red from the kiss, his pupils slightly dilated, just as he should have been. When their glances met, both of them burst into a silly chuckle.
“Holidays are wonderful, but it’s great to be at home again,” sighed John, taking their bags. He turned to the landlady, who was staring at Sherlock.
"With Tony?" gaped Stephen. "I'm not with Tony."
"I think we could stop here," announced Jake.
He was heartbroken by the memory of Rosie's bewildered look on the first day John didn't call after flying to Afghanistan. Sherlock reassured her that he was busy and would call back later, trying to believe it himself. The little girl seemed to remain calm. When John still didn't show up the next day, he told her John ran out of the phone, and as soon as he could get another one, he would call. Every time Sherlock's phone vibrated with Mycroft answering his increasingly angry and worried messages, the girl opened her eyes in hope, asking, "Daddy?" Sherlock tried his best to comfort her, assuring it would take John a little longer to get in touch due to work,
“According to the map, there is a house at around one kilometer from here. We could ask the owner for a ride to the nearest hospital”.
"Always so chivalrous," mocked Jim. He tilted his head, looking at the sleuth. "Ok, come here."
Anyway, he tried to change the doctor’s mind, made him believe everything was fine. Sherlock didn’t want to hurt him. And he knew this will do.
John chuckled and pushed two fingers inside Sherlock, thrusting them in and out, opening the detective again.
Rosie snorted at Irene's clumsy attempt.
“Like a date? Don’t even dream about it. See you at the restaurant.” Her former boss climbed the stairs until he disappeared from her view. She never thought Lestrade could hold such a grudge against someone. Maybe because he hadn't had reasons to do it. He hated her. And that made her feeling guilty and awful.
The image of Clay opened the door to all the pain caused by Anthony's death, a pain he struggled to keep in a dark corner. He couldn't face it. He couldn't talk about it. His parents advised him to see a therapist, but he couldn't. The pain, the loss, the grief, the guilt for haven't been able to save him… they were so intense, so unbearable that he was sure, if he tried to face them, they would split him into pieces.
"You know I knew your dad when he was like you?"
"Oh, my God, oh my God…….." moaned the detective, panting hard as John brushed across the bunch of nerves until Sherlock was a quivering wrecked mess of whines, moans, pleas, his tights shivering at every brush, the orgasm tingling inside his abdomen.
Tiredly, he pulled it out and threw it somewhere in the room. The detective sighed and grunted in weariness as Greg and John collapsed on the bed.
The girl shrugged her head between her shoulders, hiding a smile.
"Stop that!" protested the detective.
“One day, I was commanded to go on patrol for a couple of weeks. I didn't want to be away from William, so I asked him to come with me, pretending that he had to something to investigate or so. I wish I hadn't.”
"It's the fastest private plane in the world. It can reach 717 miles per hour. Some of them, like this one, are covered with a special paint layer that makes them invisible to radar," he shook his head. "When I find Sherlock, I'm going to rip his skin off, I don't care if Mummy gets upset, I will rip HIS SKIN OFF!!!" he shouted, clenching his fists in a frustrated, furious and worried gesture.
"How long did it take her to decipher them?" he asked.
The dominatrix chuckled.
"We don't have time for games," Mycroft gurgled. "We need to find my brother. He's in danger."
John kept reading Buttercup’s words.
Molly arched his eyebrows, defiant.
The doctor kissed the detective and slapped him in the arse.
“And blind. How couldn’t I realize you were gay?”
"Put down your weapons," ordered Mike to his men. They looked at him suspiciously. "Put the guns down! The Captain will shoot us, even having a fucking arm in a sling".
"We didn't shoot her, Sir, I swear to you."
"You look so fucking gorgeous under the moonlight," whispered John, looking at the silvery glow that bathed Sherlock's disheveled hair and trembling body, making him look like some kind of God.
She smiled. The moment she had been waiting for so long finally arisen.
She was speechless. The man in front of her was, undoubtedly, John Watson, but he didn’t look like him. No trace of his usual jumpers or jeans. Instead, he was like a Watsonian version of Sherlock Holmes, since he was wearing a tailored black suit and a silk blue shirt, two first buttons unbuttoned. Thank goodness his hair reminded short and blond, and the doctor hadn’t dyed or curled it. Instinctively, she looked around the room, somehow expecting to find the Belstaff coat and the everlasting blue scarf somewhere.
Some were almost taller than she, others only puppies, all wagging their tails, sharing the girl's enthusiasm, their pink, long, wet tongues hanging out as they panted, jumping and barking around her.
It was darkening when they reached the camp. The van wasn’t there, so they were supposed to be picked up tomorrow. Soon, with the help of the S team and after reading them a story, the kids were sleeping and Sherlock dropped himself in his sleeping bag.
John nodded, still dumb with emotion. Rosie was radiant, beautiful, and, the most important, for John, delighted with her parents' wedding.
"John knows this?"
“You were a captain, weren’t you?” retorted Sherlock, opening his arms to contain more children’s escapes.
"I'm going to have another," said Donovan, pointing at her empty glass, quickly understanding him. "Come with me," she commanded to the rest of them.
He blinked as he noticed the tears. After everything they'd been through together, both were finally where Sherlock wanted to be. Since the day John burst into his life, erasing years of loneliness in a second and giving birth inside him a disconcerting and unknown feeling: love.
"I shouldn't have let him go."
"Idiot" Mycroft muttered to himself. "Yes, of course. Anthea, you put Aristotle in. John, your code is Leonardo's name backwards, O D R A N O E L".
"So why did you come back?"
Sherlock pointed to a tree about fifty meters away
John chuckled, feeling a bit more relieved.
Greg rolled his eyes.
"Me? Why?"
“Is he writing his memoirs now?”
As they got back to Scotland Yard, the DI started barking orders. Soon, the woman was arrested and waiting for the Yards in the interview room.
The writer raised an eyebrow for an answer. Donovan cleared her throat again, embarrassed.
"Whoever enters here never returns," answered Thor. "They don't understand how you can be here again."
"Son, something happened."
“Hopefully it is in the database.”
"Look who's talking," Steve whispered in Bruce's ear, and they both laughed, amused. They stopped when Tony looked at them, raising his eyebrow.
"Is it blue? It won't be one of your experiments, like Baskerville's coffee".
The officers, who had witnessed ferocious fights between them, looked at each other and the landlady with compassionated air. That poor woman lived outside of reality.
But he skipped this in his story, which wasn't noticed by the listeners, due to the quantity of alcohol running through their veins. He finalized it and collapsed into his chair, between whistles, claps, and suggestions for the wedding night that would have made blush the rudest sailor.
John pushed him gently, so Sherlock sat on his heels. He spilled some more on his neck, which dripped down both sides, then kissing, nibbling, and licking the skin moistened by the wine. The detective moaned softly, turning his head, so John had better access to it, shivers running through his body, feeling John's soft, wet lips. The doctor nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, kissed his collarbone, alternating between gently nipping the skin with his lips barely brushing against the skin, making Sherlock shiver and gasp.
"He is worried about me. He realizes something's wrong with me, no matter how much he denies it. It's my fault".
"Don't worry," smiled Natasha, observing the detective's distressed gesture. "It's fun, you'll see."
Sherlock took a step back.
'You leave me no alternative.'
John nodded. That's what Mycroft said at Baker Street, the day he first told them about Eurus. Still surprised, he followed Bart back into the room. The man ran his finger down the bookshelves to find the book and hold it out to John.
"Mummy's going to be mad with joy. She can finally organize the wedding of her dreams."
“Careful, fucktoy” warned Sebastian. Then he softened his tone “I’m impressed. I always thought you would die in that alley. But look at you, the only consulting detective in the world. And as appetizing as always” he said, caressing one of Sherlock’s cheeks. The detective jerked violently.
"We all have infinite possibilities to choose from. Once we make a choice, we give up all the rest. At least in our dimension. In others, different versions of us make different choices, covering all the possibilities we have."
Had he blushed a bit?
"When I went to Afghanistan, my life was a real mess. So, when the sniper shot me, I was in pain, I was shocked, but I wasn't afraid of dying because I didn't have anything to lose".
He entered his Mind Palace, retrieving Lestrade's inebriated call the night John went to keep the DI company while he stayed at home with Rosie.
"Yes, Lestrade and the homeless have caught him, but he won't say where the bombs are, and we're running out of time".
Sherlock shuddered. Those words could be really threatening in John's mouth, a promise of the most tortured pleasure.
A beeping sound started in someplace in the office. They both cocked their heads, trying to identify the origin of the sound. Lestrade got up and, following it, stood near the coat rack where his coat was hung.
"Goodbye, my madman. You've saved my life literally and metaphorically more times than I can count. I owe you so much… It's my turn to return you the favor."
He patted the ground next to him, looking for the stick. When he found it, he lifted it into the air, to hit John. When the bullet passed through his brain, he dropped it.
"Wait a minute, wait a minute," Bill intervened. "let me get this straight. Before we came, you suspected it was a trap," Sherlock nodded, "when you came here, you didn't even know the target was your brother. Yet you arranged all this? That's impossible!"
But both Mycroft and Lestrade were gawking at his screen were Sherlock and Stephen appeared together. For a moment, both Lestrade and Mycroft thought it was some Sherlock's kind of joke. But the elder Holmes soon deduced that, while identical from a physical point of view, it wasn't like that in their way of being. Strange was egotistic and full of himself but didn't have Sherlock's complete lack of social skills. His eyes could look like Sherlock's but weren't as pierced as them, and he couldn't deduce people, though he possessed some kind of ancient knowledge, deep and vast, that Mycroft couldn't help but respect,
Both remained silent, listening to the rumor of the waves. The tide rose, and the waves that reached the shore washed over Sherlock's legs and John's feet.
"Maybe I don't want to date you now," teased the older Holmes, kissing Lestrade back.
He entered the room, and before the agents could stop him, he grabbed the man by his shirt, raised him, and, in a quick movement, pushed the man on the table and twisted his arm. He screamed in pain.
Sherlock turned around to watch his Mind Palace’s John, who was reclined on one shoulder over the dolmen’s wall, his ankles crossed, his bright blue eyes looking fondly at him, smiling confidently. He was wearing the same plaid shirt and jacket that the first time they meet at the lab.
The smack turned Sherlock’s head violently.
John nodded without adding anything else. The man's hurt tone made it clear that the situation was not easy for him.
"You are not in a position to make demands. Come. Here. Now."
He lied down on the couch, closed his eyes and put his fingers under his chin, entering in his Mind Palace.
"Because you asked me to. Because I can't let you suffer, John, because... Because…. I know that telling you this is... a bit not good, but... these days without you have been hell. In fact, I should be miles away by now, but... the idea of more time far from you was unbearable because...," Sherlock wrinkled his nose and breathed in, "I love you'.
They remained silent for a bit, closed eyes, frazzled bodies floating in sexual joy.
"No. Sorry. If anything happens to it, Sherlock will kill you and then me."
He looked sideways at Everett, who was staring at him. His cloak stood in front of him, crossing the ends, like an angry father.
******
"Mycroft, don't play with me. Even you, with that vast intelligence you boast about, can't imagine how angry I am. I need this to break your head."
Ross smirked.
"Sally, is there anything new in the case of the murdered longshoremen?"
"Oh, it must be wonderful to fuck in the sand, rolling around like a kibble."
"Fuck, Sherlock! You scared the shit out of me!"
John giggled.
Half an hour later, perfectly shaven and dressed, he looked at himself in the mirror and chuckled. He looked like an older and more robust version of Sherlock. He went out into the hallway where Mycroft, perfectly dressed in his usual three-piece suit, watched him with approval.
Rosie blinked, pensive.
"In good hands? Did you listen to her? They are homeless! They could be mad, or…, or…"
John stopped thrusting inside him. The contractions of Sherlock's clenching muscles around his cock were about to make him lose control. When he noticed Sherlock's orgasm started to dissolve, he renewed his thrusts with even more energy, fucking the detective as fast as hard as he could. Sherlock howled, overwhelmed, by the feeling of his body flying free in the air, the slap of their sweaty bodies meeting over and over, John panting breath and deep moans and growls. The doctor head tossed back as he felt his orgasm build inside him…, his sensitive body pulled onto John's over and over, his prostate sending shivers of pleasure up his spine…
Sherlock looked at him, gaped.
John said goodbye to Bill and Sholto, who were waiting for him a bit former, letting them privacy. The doctor watched the three of them walk through the garden towards the entrance gate. Then smiled broadly and entered the house and sat next to Sherlock and Rosie.
(See the end of the chapter for
A second later, Strange, followed by Sherlock, Ironman, Natasha, Thor, and Captain America entered the room.
“What do you mean?” He muttered between his teeth, anger started to boiling inside him.
We thought Doctor Strande would like it
He advanced again towards Sherlock, his face contorted with fury and pain, sporting a cruel smile while throwing a sharp left hook that grazed Sherlock's face.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes, focusing his gaze on him. The officers looked at Lestrade with dumbfounding admiration. The fact the DI was not trembling at the elder Holmes's fierce gaze seemed to them, at the very least, miraculous.
"Men, no one understands them," sighed the sergeant.
Sherlock groaned. But he didn't want to disappoint John, so he blew the candles, made a wish while doing it, and blushed when the others sang to him.
"Because you... you would do what you did. Realize something wasn't right. And you wouldn't have let me show it to John..."
Finally, the detective decided to stay with the kids. They were his responsibility and John trusted
"I don't know any Sherlock."
Sherlock's brother tilted his head, smirking.
"I'm sorry, Martha... but this is now the safest place in the whole world," Anthea apologized. Like Mycroft, she had a special respect for the landlady that increased on those days, during which they had been in closer contact. "Sherlock made every effort. He didn't leave even the tiniest device alive. We checked it."
"Amazing what you can do for coming, Sherlock Holmes," he chuckled, reading a clear go to hell in the detective's eyes.
“Donovan called mi Holmes, you look like the cat that ate the cream and John hasn’t withdraw from me since we woke up this morning. Not something I’m complaining of, but…”
Rosie and John finished their dinner, while Sherlock barely ate half a plate. It was still much more than he ate at Baker Street, so the doctor let it go.
John looked inquisitively at Sherlock, who whispered something in the doctor's ear, who opened his eyes, surprised, and then smiled.
An hour later, John woke up. He looked at Sherlock's cock, the red tip, leaking profusely and smiled. It would be enough to blow on the tip to make him orgasm.
"That's why the other Sherlock is willing to do anything to get John back," observed Natasha.
The detective smirked. John prepared to cut him off, worried about what might come out of his mouth.
"Tsk, tsk, well, I thought you could keep it on your back for hours," John scoffed, moving his hips along with his words, transforming the detective's grunt into a guttural moan in response.
She walked away quickly, her head held high, her gestures graceful. Halfway through, she turned to them.
Donovan walked down the street, cursing the detective in a low voice, thinking about how different things would be in case she was the DI. Oh. Really different. She wouldn’t allow the freak to poke his nose in her cases. Of course not. Moreover, she would lock him in the deepest jail at New Scotland Yard. No. Even better. She would build a dungeon, an
Then, they listened to some words they never expected coming out from Sherlock Holmes’ mouth.
When they broke the hug, some kids started whispering in an imperative tone to Mike, who shook his head. Finally, his face brilliant with blush, he approached John and gave him something.
Greg looked at John, curious, and smirked when he saw what the doctor pulled out of the drawer, and then at Sherlock, wondering how the detective was capable of knowing it, blindfolded.
“Sherlock Holmes? The detective? Yes, and I’m Harry Potter. Let’s start again, mate. Who are you and what are you doing in my property?” he repeated, pressing the barrel with more force this time.
"Are you playing or not?"
"Two things: Yes, I hate legwork, but I put John and my brother in there, and I can't stay in the office now waiting for news. As much as I hate it, I know how to do it. And two. No, I haven't forgotten the letter, and that's why I'm going to look for them."
"You killed innocent people" he sneered in contempt.
"No, no… John, I can't lose you again!. You don't have to…"
Mycroft looked at him, pretending to be incredulous and baffled. He had to keep Sherlock from talking any further.
"This is what we had until now. This is our universe," pointed to a greenish vertical strip, "This is where the singularity occurred. We've calculated this by taking into account where Everett disappeared. If we use only matter to connect them..."
On the run, he dug out the rest one by one, as empty as John's, but without any indication.
“If I am sincere, there is no generosity on my part. I’m helping her only because it gave me the chance to meet you.”
"What? Enjoying all of this?"
“Why are you saying that?”
“Clever, fucktoy. Very clever. Yes, I pay them a visit. And I’m afraid we had a heated argument” he laughed about his own occurrence.
"Please, call me if you need me," he said and got back in the car, which drove away quietly.
The detective gave his to John.
"You have wanted this for ages," John mumbled sensually, his lips in Sherlock's ear, slowly taking the coat off the detective's body and giving it to Lestrade. "Always insulting them, humiliating them, so they got feed up and give you what you deserve…., all those cocks only for you, fucking you mercilessly until you beg them to stop, but they won't, because you are going to be fucked completely out of your mind, and you are going to love it because you are such a cockslut…"
They went up in the elevator with him. Mrs. Hudson protested at how quickly it was going up, assuring the stairs were better, babbling on and on. As she spoke, she tapped Bob's arm incessantly to get his attention, who rapidly was running out of patience.
'It seems I had the automatic sending activated," explained John with a strangled voice. "Messages are sent after five minutes of writing them unless I cancel them. It is practical for when a criminal is chasing after us," he explained, gulping, a bit scared about Sherlock's revenge.
Ross melted at his look. He was going to answer that he had nothing to worry about, that the next one would be by his side and all the dawns he had left to live, that he didn't want to spend a second without him. But he understood that none of the words he could say would express the magnitude of what he felt for him.
Peter licked his lips nervously, not knowing what to do. He was afraid that the other would shoot by throwing his web or jumping on one of them.
"An abandoned facility," grunted Billy, reading his mind. "They just missed one little detail. The fucking military base buried underneath! What do they want with thermal cameras, infrared, radar for? It was a piece of cake, damn it!" Murray's yell echoed throughout the facility.
Greg saw himself back in the hospital, while John was life-or-death operated on. He and Mycroft had been in the waiting room for hours, sitting on either side of Sherlock, waiting for the surgeon to appear.
"Well, well, the kitten has teeth..." Irene scoffed. "You have nothing to worry about. She'll be safe here," she insisted.
"We could call Rosie," he suggested.
“Hate? They'll kill you,” Rowan chuckled. “Let me help."
John's Afghanistan backstory
Mycroft shook his head, uncertain, all his usual cold composure lost. He seemed about running away from the place. He looked at Sherlock, who nodded encouragingly and then to Molly and Irene. He looked at the crowd, all the eyes moving from one to another, trying to guess what was going on.
Lestrade refused to think about the next day. As Sholto said, he needed to rest.
"And he had the guns?" Donovan asked, quickly stepping out of the chimney. She shook the soot off her trousers as she tried to regain control of herself, blushing and bewildered.
"No, they would then have to remove the sand from the vents they wouldn't risk blocking them," said Mark.
"Never" kissed him gently. Mycroft kissed him back.
“Stupid idiot,” said Lestrade and both chuckled as the DI helped the detective to get on the car. Sherlock rested his head on the head restraint, closed his eyes and sighed, visibly relieved.
"But what on earth is going on here?" asked Mycroft, doubting whether he was going mad in that room with two Sherlocks, two Johns, and five Avengers.
“Ohhhhh, shit, shit shit” moaned Sherlock, sounding more desperate than John never heard him, and that only encourages John to keep on fucking Sherlock with his mouth, wriggling his tongue inside him, sealing his lips around his hole, as Sherlock moans got louder and louder, his lips parted, making such lewd noises that John felt his cock about to explode, feeling as he could come only listening to Sherlock’s sounds, so he managed to groan and growl as he kept his face buried in Sherlock arse.
The soldiers looked at them in surprise. Sherlock bit his lower lip. Sholto raised his eyebrows.
So they spent the next three days preparing the field trip.
Instead, his mind flew twelve years before and saw again a sunken Mycroft, unable to overcome Anthony's death, the first and only person he loved before Lestrade. Anthony was, as John for him, the first to pierce Mycroft's heart armour, thicker even than Sherlock's, the first to be able to see the real man behind the character, the heart behind mask.
Lestrade stopped, panting, at a street intersection, not knowing which way to go. They went to Clay's old house, but they hadn't found anything, and in New Scotland Yard no one had any information that could be used as a clue. How on earth was he going to find Mycroft? In cases like this, he used to go to Sherlock. And though it was true that he was not the stupid one the detective sometimes painted, he was totally lost.
"Comfortable?" asked John nonchalantly, tenderly rubbing his hands over Sherlock sides.
"We..." repeated Donovan. How could the DI now side with the freak? Or that John was so affected by his death?
"Or a campfire."
” and she wanted to find if they had keeping some clue for themselves.
“The Vampire case. Please help me. You still were DI during the first four murders.”
“At eight in the ...“ She swallowed. “Holmes Hotel.” God, her dream of a world without Sherlock had become an X file where the detective invaded everything. “Shall we meet at the door?”
“I shouldn’t have left you with all the shopping, I’m sorry” he muttered in John’s ear.
"Besides?" asked one of them.
"You don't stand a chance. I will prove that it was you who organised all this, that you were the author of the deaths, that...".
"Yes, she has us in her hands again, but she will protect Rosie. She knows Sherlock will kill her if something happened to her. And, of course, she will collect his debt", he sighed. "Donovan and Anthea are there too in case she needs more protection, so she will be well protected."
“In the Archive,” Dimmock whispered in her ear. What the hell was wrong with the boss today? ”Where else?”
The man stopped.
The car went into a narrow, bumpy road, which made Rosie laugh, amused with the bouncing and swaying, especially in a particularly strong one, which made Sherlock crash into the vehicle's roof. Miraculously, it managed to reach the end of the road, where a man of about sixty years old, with completely grey hair, brown eyes and jovia air, was waiting for them.
Sherlock felt something in his right hand. John's army gun. He looked at him questioningly and saw in his eyes the little orange dots that announced he was going to metamorphose in a werewolf. Sherlock frowned.
“Punishment, Sherlock,” purred John. “Or maybe you thought I didn’t notice how you were flirting with that rookie?”
"Not we!" laughed Bill, one of his army mates, hoarsely.
********
"Ooops," John took his cock out of him, and Sherlock unwrapped his legs and put his feet on the floor.
"But... it could be anyone in my office," said Mycroft. We have no way of finding out who it is."
"Because he fell in love with another master from the first time he saw him. Since then, he only dreams of that master telling him to go with him, even before he knows it himself. Because although the puppy is brilliant for many things, he is very idiot for others. The other master hasn't even noticed the devotion that the doggy you like has for him, but the dog doesn't care. He is happy just to be by his side. Until one day, after many adventures, the other master realises that he loves the puppy too, and takes the happy doggy with him. But you are left without him".
"Yes, but you are always telling me not to deduce you to let you say things".
Mycroft shook his head.
God, how he hated cock cage, mainly because Greg was especially perverse when he put it on, displaying unprecedented creativity to bring him to orgasm without being able to come.
The landlady motioned for him to follow her upstairs. They crossed the hall and the kitchen, and the landlady motioned to Sherlock, who, with his hair still wet from the shower and dressed only in black pants, stood motionless by his closet door, where was hanging the tuxedo he was going to wear at the wedding
Night’s Dream – Act 1, Scene 2)
"It's John."
Sherlock ran inside the church again. Strange was right. John's worried anger was palpable.
"My brother is under arrest warrants from New Scotland Yard, the FBI, and Interpol. As you will understand, what you want to be called is not at all relevant to me at this time".
Rosie looked down and didn't answer, biting her lower lip. John smiled and sat down next to her.
They reached the bondage table. The detective knelt in front of John and slowly pulled down his pants, releasing his half-hard cock. Sherlock rested his head on John's groin and inhaled the doctor's scent, losing himself on it.
He put his hand on the knob and Sherlock almost chocked in horror, rotating his wrists. If Sebastian opened that door…
John moved the ice bucket next to them and took one ice, as Sherlock pulled from his restraints, trying to move back. The doctor rubbed the ice in circles around his nipples and moved it down to his chest, circling his navel. He took another ice and bent to reach his inner tights with the ice, enjoying the detective's squirming body, creating goosebumps in its path as the ice moved back to Sherlock's abdomen and chest. John blew again over Sherlock's nipples, then gently rubbing them with the ice cube.
Sholto shuddered. Sherlock Holmes was the closest to a Jedi Knight he ever knew. He couldn't have heard the conversations, because the strong wind's wail that dragged sand from one side to the other and the distance the car was in. But, like a Jedi Knight who senses a disturbance in the Force, as soon as Sholto hung up, the detective opened his eyes.
Sherlock groaned.
"Mycroft, you have to convince yourself that you're not God".
"I think so; I don't know either."
John chuckled, shook his head, and wrapped his arms around him, drawing Sherlock to himself, getting lost in the detective's eyes.
Sherlock chuckled between moans.
"I'll explain later," smiled Stephen.
"You never came to get me," she accused him between sobs.
No, it could not be true. It was just a ridiculous fairground attraction ... But it was happening.
"John put me down," protested Sherlock.
"Why?"
"On the other hand, whoever did it, knows your methods well. That's why they didn't trick pictures. They created a different reality than it was."
He frowned. It was a drawing made by a small child, with three figures: one tall, with a black squiggle on his head pretending to be dark curly hair, dressed in a sort of dark toga almost down to his feet. Another a little shorter, with a yellow squiggle resembling blond hair, dressed in something resembling a hideous jumper. The smaller one had the same yellow scrawl, with the difference that the hair was longer, trying to reproduce a shoulder-length mane.
"No, Arthur, thank you very much. I'm counting on your discretion".
The sound of broken glass, gunfire, and screams made both men got out of the office. Lestrade choked, watching Donovan, Anderson, and a group of other officers shooting at whatever was trying to enter through the window. Instinctively, Greg took his gun and shot the zombies, as John did the same. Soon, all the attacker's corps landed on the floor, lifeless.
"Do you think he is back to his old ways?" asked Lestrade. "We haven't had any reports of missing children, but I guess the parents aren't in a position to report it."
“Are you going to tell me how to do my job?”
“I don’t know…”
Mycroft looked at him doubtfully. He knew Sherlock wouldn't make a beginner's mistake like that. But Gregory was right about one thing: he was desperate.
"We will talk about my wildest dreams when we get home."
Sherlock rolled to his side, and both lay on the sand for a while, looking at the starry sky, the waves caressing their bodies, lulled by the sea's murmur.
As Sherlock expected, the other jumped on their feet and pulled out their weapons. Only one of them had a gun; the other was gripping prison self-made knives. They ambled, trying to catch any movement around them. The detective moved a couple of meters and stood again, threw the stone, and beat the man of the gun before he could shoot, whose body slumped heavily.
Without thinking twice, he signalled to the others, and all eight entered the warehouse, weapons in hand, shooting at the mercenaries, who fell to the ground. Lestrade approached Clay from behind and wrapped his arm around his neck, exerting pressure with his elbow. The man, who was smaller than him and much less strong, kicked and tried to grab Lestrade, but he pressed him even harder.
The others nodded.
"After Anthony's death, Mycroft turned into a black hole of despair, control and sadness. He refused to talk about him. He forbade us to talk about him. He didn't let anything light him or make him happier. Until he met you, especially after the day he came to talk to me, the day John shot the cabbie".
"But when I was bleeding, lying on the floor, alone, I knew I was about to die," he made a gesture towards the door. "I didn't feel the pain or was in shock. I only..."
Memories and goodbyes
"You."
Bart laughed.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively.
"No, I'm serious, Sherlock. It must not have been easy for you to get over Anthony's death either or what Clay did to you. And I know it had something to do with you making Mycroft go into my office as often as you could to bring useless files".
"What cipher papers?" Sholto asked.
Anderson glued his body to hers and grabbed Sally's hips. He started rocking his hips, so the sergeant had to do same, and they both fucked Sherlock, the sergeant and the detective moaning louder and louder as Donovan threw her head back, the detective's body arched up from the table, his cock twitching as he came again, spurting only some drops of cum, as his face contorted in a mix of pleasure and pain, sobbing and moaning, cursing and sobbing
Lying on the side of the dune near the top, they waited for Mark and Rob to return from surveying the place.
“While Moran was at the university” he gulped, trying to swallow his anger “there were six reports of disappeared students, as you see, all with a similar complexion as Sherlock “ John nodded, disgusted
He closed his eyes, trying to fight the fear of having lost John forever.
"Doctor Watson, you are a genius."
"Same time tomorrow?"
"You just got married and left your husband alone in front of the altar. He must be fuming or scared now."
Everyone closed their eyes and flinched, waiting for the bombs to go off. Both emitted two long beeps, and the countdown stopped.
John shook his head.
When all the treatments were over, the woman who had carried them to the rooms reappeared with forms on her arm.
He groaned when a lube coated finger teased at his entrance. John pushed it slowly, sliding in inch by inch, as the detective whined both in relief and in need, trying to steady his breathing. The doctor could envision his pupils dilating until his eyes went black, trying to sink in his finger.
"It will be an act of love."
John looked at his watch, worried.
"Mycroft, stop drilling them with your eyes. They're John's friends, not potential terrorists," his mother scolded him, reaching out to them. When the introductions were over, everyone headed for the ceremony room.
Mike shook his head, baffled.
She raised an eyebrow in a very Sherlockian way. She didn’t buy the lie, but she nodded and came back with her friends.
He thought of Sherlock and Rosie. The detective would be climbing the walls because he couldn't reach him, but he knew Sherlock would keep Rosie from worrying. Fortunately, Mycroft had him under surveillance. Bloody Mycroft. That was all his fault. He cursed the day he accepted the mission.
"How did you find yourselves playing hide-and-seek?"
Sherlock whined, unable to form words. John chuckled, cupped Sherlock's swollen sack in one hand, gently fondling it, rolling them between his fingers. Sherlock's toes curled in the sand when John relaxed his throat and deepthroated the detective,  burying his nose in Sherlock's skin the smell of sex, musk, and Sherlock getting him mad, wishing he would be able to eat the detective alive.
He gulped until he was able to speak again.
Soon the three of them, altogether with three more officers were at the warehouse when the last victim have been found. Though the forensics of the Yard have already done their job, Lestrade requested his team not touch anything. He knew the detective would want to analyse the crime scene by himself.
"I thought she would like it."
"You're doing great," whispered the doctor in the detective's ear, stroking his hair softly to help him to calm down. Sherlock shuddered as John ran a finger over the tip of his dick. "Do you want to come?"
"Can we see who booked the flight?" Donovan asked.
More New Scotland Yard officers arrived and spread out through each of the gates, looking for Sherlock.
"I don't need to; your face speaks like an open book," she gestured to the trapdoor, "Be careful."
“Donovan!” shouted between his teeth the Chief Superintendent, urging her to sit with a look.
"Let him go, Steve," ordered Stephen.
"I know this looks dead. But we don't know what's under there. If you die, you won't be able to help John. And I'd hate to be the one to have to explain to Three Containers Watson his husband was shot in the head for letting him run around Afghanistan like in a wedding hall."
"Won't Mycroft and the others get there first?" Bill asked, worried.
Mrs Hudson extended a hand.
"You love him since the first moment you met him."
“We’ll buy our own sleep bags.”
And they entered the wedding hall to listen to Mycroft and Greg's best man's speech.
Stephen understood Sherlock's dread. He found it easy to put himself in his shoes. Many times, in the mirror dimension, Stephen told Everett he loved him since that day he saw him at the Avengers' facility. It was just a minute, and Stephen pretended not to pay much attention to the CIA agent. He knew Tony and didn't want to be made fun of. At any other time, he wouldn't mind, but when he saw Everett, something twisted inside him. Love at first sight. And from that moment on, he could only think of him.
Holmes wrote you a love letter?!!!!"
John went out on the balcony to watch the sea while Rosie sat on the floor to choose her next reading. Bart joined him.
One image burned into his memory and his heart. When, shortly before the suicide, he arrested Sherlock in Baker Street and handcuffed him, ignoring John's protestations that it was not necessary because the detective was not resisting. He even threatened to arrest John as well. And so, handcuffed, the Yards shoved him out into the street, in front of countless reporters and onlookers' eyes, one more humiliation, unnecessary, like the handcuffs, that brought a triumphant smile to Donovan and Anderson's face. Finally, the freak was where he should be: handcuffed, arrested, humiliated, alone. Finally, the world knew that he was nothing but a fake, that his alleged abilities were a lie and that, as the sergeant had predicted so many times, he had been the perpetrator.
"But... but you are not gay," gasped Donovan. She heard enough talk about John's cock and great performing in bed in the women's locker room to be sure of that.
"Nothing yet!" It was the first thing he thought to say, cursing in his heart.
“I’m already using my tongue…:”
"Come on, Everett," he turned to Sherlock, "do you want to end up like him? "
"You saved my life a lot of times. Now it's my turn to get back you the favor".
Bill's scream made him turn around in time to see a massive guy pouncing on him. The man knocked him with a mighty right, his fist smashing into Sherlock's face, throwing the detective against one of the hut walls, which he bumped into with a loud bang.
“Punishment?” panted Sherlock clearly lost.
"At the…?
"No, not yet. Let's eat."
The worst part had been the conversation between John and Greg she just heard. After both of them left the crime scene altogether, Donovan requested the office in charge of the computer-related crime department to activate the micro of Lestrade’s phone. She did it because she thought both men could haven’t tell her all their… their (she was looking for a different word, but finally her mind had to pronounce it with a shiver) ”
The DI took another sip.
Natasha blinked and smirked. She nodded. She shrunk with the woman's screams, but she raised her head and squared her shoulders.
"Fucking happy birthday would be a more accurate expression," gulped Sherlock, and John chuckled.
"When you become a children murderer?" he asked, horrified, realising he put everyone in danger, Sherlock, Rosie, for a son of a bitch capable of playing with a child's life.
“Let’s go, then”.
“Babe?” moaned Sherlock, clearly offended with the pet name.
"Who is the Drama Queen now?"
Bart shook his head.
His brother nodded and stood up. One of the pilots opened the aircraft door, and he, along with Lestrade, Jake, Pete, Mark, Rob, Patrick, Andrew, and Daniel, left the plane.
Sherlock breathed heavily through his mouth, teeth clenched.
"Where is the freak?" asked Donovan. "He ran away and left you behind, didn't he?"
"It's a pity you are punished," Mycroft couldn't help but moan, which was immediately corrected by another whipping. "But since you're behaving well, let's do one thing. If you can get me to come in the next five minutes, I'll let you come."
They lined up, standing at attention, letting Mycroft take a look at them with a critical eye one by one, smoothing out a wrinkle here, removing a thread there, or fixing a collar.
"What is the exotic matter?" asked Peter, curious.
"I miss you both," she said, her lower lip quivering a bit
"You are pointing me with a gun all the time, handcuffed me, starved me… and you say you love me…?" Everett lowered his head and managed to produce a strangled sob. "I…, I thought all you said was true but, but your acts…".
“Donovan we have…” Dimmock started.
"Say cheese!"
"He will understand. You did it to protect Rosie. That makes up for everything":
The next morning in the cottage, when I woke up, he was at my side with some ropes and a blindfold in his hands. We had practiced bondage before and, though I didn’t enjoy it very much, I knew he did. He kissed me softly and said that he wanted to try something new he was sure I would like.
"See this?" he hissed in Serbian through his clenched teeth, gesturing to his face "this is what they did to me when they found out you slipped away. Now I will return the favour".
"Me? What makes you think he will listen to me? Besides, it was you who asked me not to argue with him, so..."
They had dinner while watching a documentary about the universe. (John handn't lost hope Sherlock put the Solar System inside his Mental Palace again). But he was afraid Sherlock noticed how excited he was about tomorrow. So while the detective was absorbed by the chemical composition of Jupiter's atmosphere, he disappeared in their bedroom.
John stiffened, and, for a second, Sherlock was afraid he was to slam him against the wall. Instead, John kissed him back, softly, merely rubbing his lips, both caressing each other's lips, exploring them. John, grabbing Sherlock by his nape, kissed him fiercely, poking his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth, an electric current running through the detective's body, so potent that he felt himself near to faint, he closed his eyes, and they kissed, and kissed and kissed…
Sherlock nodded firmly. He needed feeling John, his John, to definitely erase Moran from his memory.
"Try incorporating antimatter," Tony suggested.
“Rosie, the water is farther than I thought” the little girl frowned “If it takes me a long time to come back, tomorrow you should ask someone to get all of you back home, do you understand?”
Molly nodded.
His entrance vibrated around John’s cock, making the doctors thrusting erratic and, crying Sherlock’s name, rode out his orgasm. Then his arms melted and he collapsed onto Sherlock’s chest. He tried to move next to him, but Sherlock embraced him firmly, avoiding him to move, not wanting to lose contact, struggling to catch his breath, as John panted heavily.
The Major walked up to the window; Lestrade stood next to him. Outside, lying on the ground by John's grave, Sherlock was shivering with cold.
"Yes, prepare to be baited. Stomach bursting is a concept Geena never understood."
He heard Sherlock laughing maniacally, and his stomach shrank. A shrill, sharp laugh that the detective never let go before. That was what had woken him up. A burst of new laughter made his heart shrink.
“Well, no more talk”.
John smiled to himself. He had seen that same look all his life: when he fought on the street as a child, when he played rugby in High school or College, in Afghanistan or when he chased criminals with Sherlock. People often mistook height with strength and didn't expect a brutal attack from the short blond man. He was so used to it that he had managed to turn it into an advantage, even more so with his medical knowledge, which allowed him to know where the most painful or fragile points of nerves and joints were.
They found the fugitives lying in the same spot Sherlock left them, exhausted after have been trying to free themselves from the boundaries during hours. As the officers proceed to arrest them, Lestrade went back to the group, shaking his head, astonished.
"Oh, they can keep an eye out. It's a long shot anyway".
“No.”
“Oh, god, I can’t. Oh, fuuuuuuuk” sobbed Sherlock, his vision whitened, and he jerked wildly as he came just from John’s skilled tongue. Sherlock rode out his orgasm as he came onto the table, while John kept on fucking him with his tongue, his breath coming out in short pants as he tries collecting himself, his head resting on his arms.
Greg moved down and traced one finger lightly from the tip to the base of Sherlock's cock as John kept pinching and licking the detective's nipples, delighted of the deep groan that came out from Sherlock's lips.
Greg looked at him, raising an eyebrow.
"And we" assured the homeless in chorus with Lestrade and Mycroft.
“Greg Lestrade.”
"I follow you without hesitation."
Mycroft raised his head, trying to appear a calm he didn't feel. Sherlock's eyes sparkled with anger and concern. He twisted the gesture. But his younger brother was right. When he informed John Mike was alive, he knew the doctor would want to go after him, and he was sure Sherlock would accompany him. They would complete the mission in the blink of an eye, and everything would have ended up. But he never imagined John would refuse outright to let Sherlock go with him and that his brother would be so devastated at his husband's departure.
"I didn't play rugby, either!" replied Sherlock.
*****
They entered the dining room, where Mycroft already had tea and fruit for breakfast. The older Holmes smiled at Greg, and his face tensed a bit as he looked at John, whom he greeted with a nod.
"Why didn't you let me come sooner? Why did you force me to put on this circus?"
"Yes, but you like it."
Mycroft struggled as the other man raised the camera, ready to film him.
Mycroft shook his head. He could barely hear Greg's words, his body getting increasingly sensitive to the constant vibration of the toys, the impossibility of orgasm, and Greg's offended to mocking tone...
Sherlock was clearly about to roll his eyes, but he stopped in time.
“Yeeeeees!” Sherlock was sure the scream must have been heard in London.
The detective bit his lower lip.
Sherlock nodded, resigned, swallowing his pride.
Mycroft chuckled.
The child lowered his head.
John hesitated for a while. He turned around, left Rosie in the arms of a totally dazed Irene and approached the patrol car.
Sherlock smiled, frowning a bit.
Sherlock sighed.
The voices and bangs from behind the door were more audible now, but none of the contenders paid attention to them, immersed in their fight.
“Better don’t get to know it.”
“I wasn’t…”
"It was only once," snarled the detective. "Where was I going to put it? On the couch?"
Sarah and Michael entered the dining room; they just came from NSY to give a statement. Rosie let out a shriek, delighted to see both of them.
“I’m sure she’ll hear many more debates between us, John, at which I assume I will prevail.”
“But that is sex! If you’re using romantic overtures to lure someone to your bed, then the romance is just a means to an end. Hardly the intimacy and commitment you described just moments ago,” Sherlock protested.
Sherlock looked up from the vibrant set of plastic keys he was jangling in front of Rosie. “She’s merely responding to auditory and visual stimuli appropriate to her current level of neural development.”
“Of course not, John. I was merely… speaking in generalities,” said Sherlock. “I’m sure you use only the most honorable and socially acceptable methods of initiating sexual intercourse.”
John sighed. “No, Sherlock, look. Maybe a really long-term romance and a great friendship have some things in common, but you can have a bit of romance without being friends with the person.”
He paused and then said, “And I don’t lure people to my bed, Sherlock! That makes me sound like some sort of pervy criminal.”
“You don’t need to choose a label. I’m just trying to…God, I don’t know. I can’t believe we’ve never actually talked about this.” He quirked a grin, “Yes, I know- because it’s boring.”
John sputters. “What? Yes! Yes, Sherlock! The two are completely different. They’re not even-“
“Well,” replied Sherlock, “I think perhaps she’s not the first Watson that can be said of.”
“Your preferences, I suppose.  I mean, are you saying that you’re, well, to be frank about it, asexual?”
“As long as you acknowledge that there is no clear differentiation between friendship and romance, when sex is not a factor,” Sherlock said a bit insistently.
Sherlock groaned. “Boring! I see no point in wasting time applying a label to myself that has no direct benefit.” He paused, opened his mouth, shut it again, and then said more slowly, “But I suppose it’s not inaccurate.  If you must choose a label, then that one will do.”
Unwilling to upset the baby, John takes a deep breath and keeps his tone even as he replies. “It’s just hard for me to understand how it can have no appeal at all, and we’ve never really talked about your…” His voice trails off as he tries to think of a baby-appropriate euphemism.
John rolls his eyes. “Come on, mate. You know that’s not what I mean. Partners in solving crimes is a fair bit different than romantic partners.”
“Is it?”
John stared at him for a few moments before sighing deeply and raising his hands in surrender. “Fine. Sure. Of course. That’s not the best example of romance, I suppose. I should know by now that I can’t win a debate against you.”
John grinned. “Oh, yeah, I’m sure.” He paused briefly. “But seriously, Sherlock. It is fine, you know? It’s fine that you are what you are, and it’s fine that we are…what we are.”
