John squared his shoulders. He refused to have a repeat of yesterday and that meant finding an Alpha. He entered the restaurant. The host smiled at him and led him towards one of the private rooms. He slid open the door and gestured John inside.
“Mycroft, what are they doing?” Greg Lestrade-Holmes pointed in John and Sherlock’s direction as they started walking.
And none of it mattered over the most important things thought by both:
“What do you think you’re doing, omega?” John could not help the growl in his voice.
Blinded by hate and further angered by the botched kidnapping attempt that denied him the vengeance he sought, and now thwarted by rules he didn’t quite understand, he was further incensed to learn he would be up against Watson not Holmes.
Sherlock and John have been a couple for less than a year on paper. And while they were bonded, absolutely no one in the room knew they had yet to mate. They did not have the intimacy one would naturally presume of a bonded couple. Alperin sees his comely omega, Stella, nightly. This was literally the third time John has seen Sherlock naked
A half hour after Mycroft’s people, the alpha, the omega, and their daughter had departed, the van was ‘found’ by a Metro officer who claimed the men were already beaten when she found them.
“SHERLOCK!”
John needed answers and he was determined to get them from his omega, once this latest heat was over and they were both clear headed.
On the other hand, Hallman was an alpha who knew the rules. He knew an omega, weak things that they are, would
"Papa?" Evelyn blinked when she heard the sound.
John slowly let Sherlock down to the floor once past the curtains that separated the lobby from the main floor. In a rare genuine showing of his omega, Sherlock took John’s hand and gave him an almost shy smile. “What you said to Carlson before, John… About my being a capable man… I… I want to say
John crossed the space at Alpha speed and climbed into the van. If John heard Sherlock he gave no sign of it as he looked his omega husband in the eyes and dropped to core. One of Mycroft’s people who saw John’s face, visibly shuddered as deep blue irises instantly turned into black eye sockets as he let his monster loose and closed the doors behind him.
In the other direction, smoke came from the chimney of the Big House where the evening meal was being prepared.
It was as near silent, as the taking apart the plies of a facial tissue but felt as a sharp incise, then a slow rip, a tear across his body. A wrenching asunder from his very core that tore itself from of his body and took every capillary, every synapse with it that seared and caused him to gasp aloud and left him with an odd sense of something that was there a moment ago but no longer and then an echo of loss that lingered.
. It is appreciated.”
“Alphas love to claim they know every centimeter of their omegas. Here we put it to the test.” Rivera teased.
All there understood John just returned the insult in the form of implying Carlson did not have control of his own omega if he needed to handle her so roughly as well as a challenge of an alpha fight outside of El Enlace. A fight that would be over quickly for Carlson who would be no match against John.
He remembered Sherlock did like walking barefoot when he was in his pyjamas and dressing gown at home. John realized then he has seen more of Sherlock’s feet and hands than any other part of his body, besides his head. He closed his eyes and tried to recall Sherlock’s feet. The length, how the foot arched when he reached for something. How he kneads the arm of the sofa with his toes when he lays across it.
Sherlock raised a brow and John realized too late that he was giving off
“Extra £1000 I’ll assemble mine before you.” Oskar challenged.
{Go, Papa…Daddy. Papa, please shut down. We will contact the rest…}
John snickered at his recalcitrant second mate, knowing Sherlock would do no such thing.
“You’re on.” John nodded to Oskar.
Donna Clementine suffered nightmares and was extra clingy with the family for quite some time, but was able to work through it with therapy, her music, and the love of her Pack.
And just like that the spell was broken.
He froze.
John slowly turned in his seat with both fear and anticipation to prepare himself for whatever shenanigans his omega was up to.
Mycroft entered with Natalia Olivia in his wake.
El Enlace was hosting a charity night to raise funding for a new adoption facility that specialized in Alpha/Omega care. Someone had the brilliant idea to include a Newlywed Game type of competition, but open to all the couples of El Enlace’s Primero level. The £2000 entry fee per couple just to play the game barely raised an eye among them. The new facility had a guaranteed £34000 off the bat before the first question was asked. Each couple added another £100 to the pot per round. If a couple didn’t take themselves out of the game, couple were eliminated after three incorrect answers. Non-participants were free to watch the game or go over to other parts of the floor where the usual games were played.
And so, it continued...
It was to Hugo Perry’s surprise and liking when the rear doors of the van opened, and he saw Sherlock waited. “I thought your rules said I had to fight your husband-alpha or whatever.”
Sherlock slowly turned. Whether with excitement that he might be right or with dread that he was once again wrong he could not have said.
It was over too quickly when the alpha stepped out minutes later.
Hallman had easily escaped the minor charge of alpha fighting in AO court when he confessed as accomplice to the kidnapping in Crown Court. All Hallman had known was that she was a child from a wealthy family; he was only in it for the potential money.  He had not known of the personal history between Hugo Perry and Sherlock Holmes and was appalled when he learned of Perry’s other plans for the girl.
Mycroft Holmes-Lestrade (Alpha), was at his Diogenes office when Alpha John Watson reached out to him internally. He had barely comprehended what the already semi-feral alpha was telling him about his niece when Anthea rushed into his office with the news an Emergency 1 notification.
“What did he do?” John was immediately on the defensive.
the panic of his daughter; a panic that suddenly went silent when she went unconscious.
Sherlock looked at the tablet with John and understood the Alpha rage he felt John trying to control. Perry’s flat had been found and Lauren had a live camera feed showed what was discovered.  John and Sherlock silently watched as she pointed out the evidence that documented Perry’s plan to take Donna Clementine because she was the same age and had the general look and build of Annette, Perry’s own daughter, when she died. Sherlock quickly snatched the tablet from John when he heard it begin to crack as the plans also revealed that Perry intended to recreate the circumstances of his daughter’s death with Donna.
warning and internally cursed. He knew it was likely to be handled via AlphaOmega laws first, which meant he had to stay out of it. He was aware the ancient laws and customs of their kind sometimes ran counter to those of Crown Law. He could not be a part of whatever was about to happen with Pack Holmes-Watson in case it crossed into his jurisdiction as an officer of Crown Law.  Greg went back to work and impatiently waited until he heard again from Mycroft, Sherlock, or John.
And Alpha Ianto Spéir Holmes-Watson was the
Sherlock Holmes-Watson (Omega), was following a lead on a client’s case when he felt the panic of his child. Whereas John in his unique way could internally communicate with him and their children, Sherlock did not hear her scream, but like all omega parents, had an overall emphatic feel for them. He
+ GPS coordinates.
The figure looked up at Sherlock’s bellow. He slowly rose and gawked for a moment.
“Clem!”  Sherlock pulled the girl into his arms and calmed her through their pack connection. “It’s okay. It’s okay…”
>>TEXT: 11:53| PDA Standby – MH
It was almost trope among them of how Alphas paid little attention to their omegas beyond what their instincts dictate. As the game played out, the proof was proven among them. Couples who had been bonded for decades had been quickly eliminated. John and Sherlock who were not yet bonded a year fared much better.
John had clearly gone through some serious hardships in the time he has been gone. It radiated from him. He was in pain. He was bloody. He was dirty. And after days of being in the hot August sun, John and Rosie were in a word ripe.
"It is time then..." Sherlock sighed.
After five years he had all but given up the physical search for the only person that mattered to him outside of his brother. Still, each day before sunset, before he turned in for the evenings, he spent some time alone in the memory of John Watson.
They were a Pack family. Sherlock knew Donna sensed the monster that was her alpha father and his own his barely controlled rage.  She was the physical age where most children start to learn of the darker aspects of being Pack. Donna Clementine was young, but she was a Holmes-Watson. Sherlock knew, she was aware of exactly what was happening. Knowing it and being witness to the violence were two different things.  Sherlock was grateful John had placed headphones over Donna’s ears so she would not hear the screams.
Sherlock climbed into the car and pulled her onto his lap. Sherlock felt it as John forced his rage down before he turned to their daughter. He was grateful that John could because he knew his eyes had gone full black in the rage he could not quelle.
Sherlock gazed at the curly, pale blond bundle with blue eyes so very familiar. There was no question, but John answered it anyway.
It was near 4 in the morning. Alpha Dr. John H. Watson (retired), was awake looking over the final proof of his latest novel before it goes to print when he felt it the first tear.
“Do you not like the suit?” Sherlock asked.
God help him.
John cleared his throat.
“Right. Have you been before?”
“How forward-thinking of the two of you. I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised. We best keep that from Mummy.”
“That’d be the taxi, have a good time John.”
“You don’t. Your medications severely limit your nasal capacities. It’s almost embarrassing.”
“What?”
“This place is hateful,” Sherlock declared, marching right up to the booth.
Mrs. Talbot growled, low and infuriated. John’s entire body flinched into alertness, his heart quickening. Sherlock pressed into his back, steadying him, and bleeding out Alpha pheromones that pushed against Mrs. Talbot’s infuriated ones.
John turned around.  A young male Omega stood behind John, his fingers flicking and brown eyes blown wide.
He sat fully seated and almost stunned. His bum rested on the cold wood of the chair and the rubber-coated base of the toy. It really had been years since he allowed himself this. Beta women who enjoyed strapons used smaller Beta sized models. Nothing this big.
And the Omegas liked to touch. More than any Alpha John had ever met. Nothing was off-limits. He’d had his scent glands prodded, his crotch grabbed and his arms squeezed when they realized he had muscles. He learned to breathe through his mouth after he near raged by catching too many scents clinging to his suit.  The questions were even worse. They ranged from curious to completely insulting.
The machinery of the dildo clicked on. The knot pressed out, opening him up. John keened. This was what he was made for, some desperately Omega part of him whispered.
“Oy.”
“Had all the posh kids at public school trying to get off with you?”
“Alright. That was.” John sat back a bit. It had been a long while. Maybe even not since he started. “Was it ’89 when suppressants became legal beyond medical emergency?” Dr. Jones gave him a nod and a slight look of disbelief. “Alright. Before ’89 then.”
The Omega wet his lips. “Yeah. She’s bored too. Interested?”
“No.”
He stripped and checked himself out. His arse had trace amounts of slick still. His fingers stroked along his inner walls and his body accommodated him as he pressed a third finger in. He removed them. The dildo would be fine. He secured it to the chair using the optional wall attachment. Just to be a bit cheeky. He might as well enjoy something today.
“Don’t be nervous.”
John’s face grew hotter and his breathing stuttered.
“Ta. Not all of us have trust funds to dip into,” John said dryly. “And some of us want to look, I don’t know.”
“More?” John asked.
“A murdered Omega deserves the patience with incompetence.”
“It's really not.”
Dr. Jones furrowed her brows. “Really? Was it?”
“Interesting,” Sherlock said and swept into the room.
“Possibly.”
“You should have discussed this with me sooner,” Sarah said.
“Like Katie’s family.”
He read the question again and his eyebrows attempted to climb off his face. This form was ridiculous. He typed in ‘not specified’ and continued. The previous questions had been rather benign, something he’d find at his own clinic.
Sarah frowned at him and picked up the report. John waited as she read it. Sarah had known John was an Omega from the day he applied for the job, it was required on any official paperwork and his ID had the inlaid Omega symbol by second gender. It had made asking her out a bit easier, to be honest. He didn’t have to prep for any awkward sex talks. She got halfway down the page before stopping. She looked up at John.
“Sorry, do you have his parent’s number?” John asked.
John flicked his gaze away from Sherlock to Ayla who was sitting next to him, her chaperone right behind her. John didn’t remember his name.
John licked his lips. They hadn’t done anything last night. Good. That was good.
John’s knees almost gave out.
As previously noted, there is no beta and all mistakes are my own.
Sherlock laughed, warm and bright and delighted. His pheromones spilled out into the room, teasing at John and lighting him up. Happy Alpha meant happy Omega and John relished in it. He joined in with his own giggles.
Pleasure bubbled up.
The Omega laughed again, shifting through his moods. “If you’re into that. I got someone for you.”
“Why do you think?” Sherlock asked back, impatiently. “Think, John.”
Theo cleared his throat. “No ma’am.”
John flicked a smile and nodded at the desk. “Best read that.”
Otherwise, he noticed.
“Father used to do this for Mummy,” Sherlock said with a punched out quality to his voice. “He’d drop everything the moment she asked. I thought it would be excessively tedious to prioritize this, but the pheromones you release is—it’s obvious why Omega pheromones are over 10,000 euros per gram.”
What if this happened when they were chasing a criminal or a nearby Alpha pumped out an excessive amount of pheromones? Would he just stop and bare his scent gland hoping to get an Alpha’s approval? Would he just stand here like this, frozen and arrested until some Alpha took control?
A second attempt from John to straighten his neck failed.
“There you go then.”
“You think my trousers are tight,” Sherlock said with a raised eyebrow.
John locked the door behind him and sunk into Sherlock’s scent, letting it soothe his raw Omega instincts. It worked surprisingly fast, tempering down the simmering panic that prickled his skin and had haunted him since he woke up. The incessant need to continually glance over his shoulder for ghosts eased. He moved to the couch and sat down.
“You sure you’re an Omega, mate?”
“Um.” John glanced down at the clothes. “Nice socks,” John said with a quick grin. “Could use a green pair next time you go out.”
“Does he know he’s been footing the bill for all of this?”
“Well, I’m not blind! I can see just fine and your trousers are already nicely tailored. If I’d been any younger I think I would have had a go.”
“You don’t have to answer that,” Tabby said.
“I have to express my concerns,” Mycroft said. “Your loss, I fear, would break my brother’s heart.”
“What for?”
“He noticed eventually. He told me to return it at once this morning.”
“And tea, thanks,” Sherlock said as Lestrade dropped the bag next to them.
“Feel like if I trip, I’ll be indentured for the rest of my life.”
“Yes. You are in custody for twenty-four hours,” Lestrade answered.
“Into battle, John,” Sherlock said into his ear.
“Right. No.” John cleared his throat. “I don’t need an Alpha for my heats. I’ve been handling them on my own for years.”
And moved on.
Sherlock caught the door as John tried to close it and slid in behind him.
“Fine. Right.”
“Could you give us a name?”
John scanned over the patient information they had on file. “We have it on record that both you and your husband are Betas.”
“His bag, I left it in the foyer. Out, John, really.”
“Only you would say getting your brains shagged out by an Omega would be a negative.” Lestrade turned to John. “Can you believe it?”
The gray suit rested across Sherlock’s bed. A brand-new pair of leather oxfords, displayed in their box, were collected on the side with a pair of red silk socks and a matching set of pants along with a clean white button-up. On the pillows rested an open wooden box cradling an O-Lariat with yellow gems in starburst patterns.
“My family is considered to be among the gentry,” Sherlock responded, almost stiffly. “And I am an Alpha.”
“Does he scent you and your husband often?”
Mrs. Talbot's nostrils flared and she rocked forward before pulling herself back.
Did Sherlock get off while John was trying to wheedle the phone number? He wouldn’t have missed it. Had he, though? It’s not like Sherlock had been loud the few times they had gotten off together. He peaked at Sherlock’s crotch. The Belstaff hid it.
“You know?” Sherlock blinked, surprised.
“Does everyone know?” John asked of no one in particular.
“Dark purple really is your color, omega.” John teased about the shoes.
“If there is still a tie; Alpha Watson if you are right that none of the left ankles in your pile are correct you win the point for calling it breaking the tie, otherwise the win goes to Alpha Alperin.” Alpha Nourry, a female alpha, suggested.
John and Oskar each sat in front of a folding table covered in photos of body parts sans heads. All female parts for Oskar, all male parts for him. Each Alpha had to recreate their respective omega’s body from the composite images: six images each of seventeen different body parts.  They had seven minutes to correctly assemble their omega’s body by the photos alone. Because of the nature of the game the omegas sat behind their respective mates out of sight unable to see the table or be seen by their Alpha.
They stood very close to each other in their pretend roles of a loving couple as they had their first time here. At least Sherlock pretended. John tried very hard not to think about the length of naked muscled thigh pressed against his. Or the comfortable weight as Sherlock leaned slightly against him to speak. Or how Sherlock’s arm around him felt oh so right. Or how good it felt to have his arm around Sherlock, his hand splayed on the omega’s back. Or several other things that were against the rules of the Ancient Forms for the behavior of Alpha and Second Mate.
Dr. John Holmes-Watson (Alpha), was wrapping up a lecture on Omega versus Alpha severance. His mobile was on silent and as their norm when either was doing something that required not being disturbed, John had partially shut Sherlock out of his thoughts to concentrate. Thus, he was completely unprepared for the internal screams of his daughter for him via their unique Pack connection.
This was his life now. He could not say he was happy. He does not know if he will ever be happy again, but out here in the vast acreage and demanding work of running the ranch he was surprisingly content. He looked out at the horizon. The long shadows of the surrounding trees in the distance indicated he had maybe an hour and a half before the sun fully set and rendered the land so dark the only reason that he knew there were mountains in the distance on moonless nights were from the peaked breaks in the horizon that blocked the multitude of stars in that direction.
Sherlock was about to turn when movement in the distance caught his eye. He looked again at the steaming horizon and saw nothing. He knew it was time to head for the ranch when his tired eyes started to see visions in the horizon like those dying of thirst imagining nonexistent oasis in the desert.
John made a single, but decisive, chopping motion with his hand and shook his head in the negative. He had seen Carlson looking at Sherlock earlier. He was not surprised by the request. Nor by the level of possessiveness the thought of his omega with anyone else stirred within him.
John looked to Alpha Rivera. “Rivera…? Someone messed up. None of these are of Sherlock’s left ankle.”
discussion.”
The infamous Holmes control is shattered. Sherlock was not even trying to contain his emotions. The feel of Omega Hurt pours over John in unyielding waves that tore at him. He instinctively tried to send love and comfort, but he knew neither were going to be of much use to the omega, when his own Alpha Hurt poured off him in equal waves.
This tearing was different. John and Sherlock as the Alpha and Omega sires felt the tear directly. Because of whom they are as Aadeshyakar, they had accidentally shared that horrible moment from their core with four of their offspring before John shut them down. They were about to share it with more on purpose. Only the betas in the family who cannot sense and feel as they do, with the sole exception of Greg Lestrade-Holmes, would be spared.
As it was their daughter, John was brought in for questioning in the assault of both men in Crown Court. Though Hallman wore a single marque of shame across his cheek that blatantly stated otherwise -for no alpha will lay their marque on another without explicitly stating why to the offending alpha's face- like Perry, Hallman had also claimed to not know his assailant. AO Court knew no beta could do what was done to Hallman barehanded and the evidence was clear it was a fist fight. Being an omega worked in Sherlock's favor for none had even considered that he was one of the combatants involved. Thanks to John’s hidden abilities neither he nor his omega had shown any physical evidence of having been in a fight that surely would have left bruised fists on the alpha had he been a combatant. As neither injured man would press charges, and with some influence from Mycroft of course, the alpha was released.
“With pleasure!” All the years of suppressed hate exploded forth in a primal yell as Perry rushed toward Sherlock.
“Sirs? I was told to give you this.” One of Mycroft’s minions handed John a tablet.
There were so many questions, but they would have to wait for those answers as the man nearly buckled when he took a step forward. Sherlock could see the pain that crossed his face as John braced his weight not willing to fall while he held his daughter. “Damn, my leg!”
There was no way for Hallman to know that this alpha was Doctor John Hamish Watson. An alpha with a natural strength and agility above the average alpha male. An ability that was then enhanced from being in a special program in the military. Of the three only the former army captain had no doubt of his survival against the two men even if both had been alphas. And that was before John had learned he was Aadeshyakar given the cross bonding with his omega Sherlock. None of which mattered as the husbands mindspoke.
“Fine by me.” John also accepted.
“Good night John.”
The relaxed swing of his arms, the bounce of his curls, the flexing of his leg muscles that tapered to feet clad in the same deep-purple, ankle-wrapped stilettos of the photos. Wearing them for the photos was one thing.  Wearing them for real was something else. John had no idea Sherlock could stand in such shoes let alone walk as gracefully as he did. His slim hips emulated a womanly sway, even as his long sure strides denoted the man he was as if the half firmness with promise of more were not enough. John could all but scent the slick Sherlock fought to control. No, this was pure omega preening for Alpha. Rules be damned.
“You gave all your winnings to the charity including the side bet. Do you want nothing for yourself?” Oskar asked sometime later after the club had returned to its usual business of Alpha pleasure. His wife sat on a cushion between his legs as she chatted with another omega in the conversation pit.
"Yes, Papa. Yes, Da" Donna Clementine gave them a teary nod.
Perry and Hallman now had a hint of the power behind John and Sherlock to have been so easily found and diverted from the streets. They also knew they were not getting out of this easy. Mycroft’s team, who knew AlphaOmega societal laws as well as Crown Law, approached the men inside the van and gave them a choice: Go strictly by Crown Law and serve the maximum jail sentence for kidnapping a child with intent to murder, with no chance of parole. It had been made quite clear that should they choose Crown Law and go straight to prison, their jail time can and would be as pain filled as possible. Or they could go by AlphaOmega Law choose to fight the father of the girl they kidnapped. And
they survived the fight, they would half the sentence.
John harshly reminded himself that Alpha cannot love Second Mate. He was all too grateful for the distraction when Alpha Rivera spoke again.
“No, you’re safe for tonight. It’s not anywhere near enough to evoke a mating rut. I presume it will have hit fully by the afternoon, so you’ll head for Baker Street tomorrow.”
“I’m about to take up rock climbing.” He reached up pulled Sherlock into a kiss.
{Shut them off Alpha, please!} Sherlock begged. {I can’t… I can’t…}
Despite it all he had fallen in love with Sherlock and he was almost certain those feelings were returned.
There was no mistaking that. Someone yelled his name. Yelled it from the same direction where he thought he had seen movement a moment before.
********
It was at minimum very rude to imply an Alpha did not know how to take care of their omega. In most cases, it was seen as a serious insult. And in the case of a Second Mate, it could be construed as a challenge. It was an open secret among them that if the Second Mate has not become impregnated within their first year, a less than scrupulous Alpha may attempt to poach marking the other Alpha as weak. It becomes a larger insult if the poached omega is impregnated within a few weeks depending on their heat cycle.
was not one of them.
and quickly quelled his flash of anger. “Relax John. You know even if I were looking for such, I would have no interest in such a brute who abuses his omega. But good to know I was right to put him down when I told him I had no interest in an Alpha swap and you would never accept an offer to indulge in an omega swap. I knew he would ask you after all, I’m just an omega – a male one at that. By his reasoning my lack of desire for it would not matter if you wanted it.”
A not quite faint call from a distance.
. For letting me be
Sherlock towered over him in the heels, but by no means was John Watson bowed.
Serendipity, or the universe not being lazy, responded as the target of their case passed by. John barely suppressed his annoyance as Alpha Rick Carlson flashed John interlocking O-s with his fingers. A single flash of an O, like the OK gesture but faced down and straightened fingers together, was a silent compliment to an alpha for their choice of omega. Interlocking O-s with both hands was a question:
“No. An adoption facility that will specialize in alpha and especially omega care is nee...” John had started to answer but stopped at Oskar’s sudden change of expression. “Oskar?”
Mycroft’s people had identified the van less than fifteen kilometers from the academy. The driver of the van did not notice as he was surrounded by different large SUVs until he tried to make a turn and was not allowed. He quickly understood the situation and the van was routed to a place where there were no cameras. The team safely retrieved the still unconscious Donna out of the van then alerted the fathers still en route to Baker Street with the location.
.” John continued it.
“Alpha Watson. I phrased poorly. No insult intended.”
“He who has danced under the Alpha sun and howled at the Omega moon is here no more,” was given by all in response.
{ALPHA!}
John had no answers. Though he has become much better at reading his omega’s little tells, the ever-stoic Sherlock remained a hard man to read regardless. All John knew for certainty was that Alpha cannot love Second Mate according to the rules of the Ancient Forms.
{I am sorry for his loss, but he took
tear...
John bit his lip as Sherlock threw the alpha a look that all but said
Whatever John was about to say was cut off as Alpha Irfan Rivera, the senior alpha at El Enlace and host for the night began to speak as the set up for the last game of the night completed. “Alphas Alperin and Watson? You and your respective omegas take seats as indicated, please. Let’s get a winner.”
More precisely, what he thought he had seen was the lack of movement. Something that stood just a little straighter than everything else around it the horizon.
John had not realized he started an Alpha Keen. Sherlock had began the low harmonic hum of an Omega Keen in counterpoint as both fathers suddenly dropped.
+ GPS coordinates.
Lost in his thoughts as he drove, John had not noticed the entire ride home was silent until Sherlock broke it.
John felt Sherlock’s ire at how little people thought of his second gender. It was true. If an alpha wanted to indulge and their omega did not, the Alpha could command the omega in complete disregard of their feelings. The room with red tagged omegas on the first level of El Enlace, where several omegas suffered the whims of their Alphas in being forced into sexual acts with unwanted alphas was proof enough.
} is heard from all four and then silence as he shut them off only staying connected to Sherlock.
daughter, John. And the plans he had for her…? No, I will not let that stand.}
{Are you sure you want to handle it this way, love?}
“When I’m ready to showcase, no one will have to ask me, Oskar. Goodnight, Alphas.” John shook his head as he carried Sherlock out of Primero to several cheers.
John’s mind went to the kiss shared at El Enlace. The way it felt to hold Sherlock, to be held by him. The desire that fell off the omega.
Neither John nor Sherlock were aware as a space opened. They were not aware of anything except the core need to shut down.
, as Actum when Anthea aka Frost and her personal assistant Lauren McParland retired ten years ago. As the junior alpha in the room, she automatically sat by her omega father.
Years before Alpha John Watson and Omega Sherlock Holmes met, Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade worked case involving a string of home burglaries spread out over a few months. After the sixth robbery Lestrade realized there was a pattern, but after two misses realized he could not reliably predict when or who the thieves would hit next. He brought in Sherlock, not quite The World’s Only Consulting Detective yet, but had proven his usefulness on tricky cases. The culprits were caught amid their next home invasion. While the other accomplices could only be tied to no more than three of the robberies, Hugo Perry, the ringleader of the group was convicted for seven of the nine counts.
It is in effect an obituary for the Pack. Natalia segued into her brother’s accolades and accomplishments as brother, a man, a fighter pilot with the Royal Air Force and as an alpha.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” John shoved Sherlock towards Mycroft and the two brothers embrace. The near bald Mycroft gave the still dark curls of his baby brother a toss. It was a subtle nod that he understood exactly the unique pain the two of them were going through. Because he had opened his mind to Mycroft, John felt Mycroft’s surprise and affection when through John Sherlock sent him the memory of being a toddler and the first time that he remembered being called
It had been a hard road back indeed.
Sherlock automatically looked to Mycroft, but they are still the Holmes brothers even now, even in this.
John was satisfied with all his final picks but one: the left ankle. None of the choices available seemed quite correct, he placed the joint by the foot, but just outside of the rest of the body.
It was a single tear and then another and then a series of bursts.
John looked into Sherlock’s eyes surprised to see the widening dilation. There was no way it meant what he thought that meant…
“Will that do, Alphas?” Rivera asked.
John chastised himself yet again and refocused, using his knowledge as a doctor and memory to make his final selections.
Detective Inspector Gregory Holmes-Lestrade as a Beta, even a bonded one, did not have the pack connection. He was at a crime scene when he received the alarm. He had stepped away from the scene about to call Mycroft for details when he was contacted by his husband.
Something has happened to Donna. She’s in the City, but unconscious.
. That caused a few amused titters among those who heard it and understood its significance. Carlson was not happy but held up his hands in capitulation.
The figure fell to a knee, the last of his endurance fading.
Sherlock’s mind quickly took in the dirty clothes, the smeared blood, a thousand other tells that screamed highway men. With a shock, Sherlock realized the package John carried on his back was small child.
Several in the room had cried out, one or two fell to a knee, all felt the tear all before he shut them out again.
John squeezed his omega’s hand gently. "I'm afraid so, my omega."
{I want him to suffer, Alpha.}
A petrified Sherlock watched as the figure stopped, took a deep inhale of breath – and bellowed.
As john and Sherlock were updated and spoke with their daughter the two men in the van were also being spoken to.
question right.” Sherlock mused against John’s ear as the final game was set up. “The natural presumption being that an omega would eventually be in a hospital for childbirth after bonding, but not before then.”
Air Commander Ianto Spéir Holmes Watson-Alpha, beloved sixth Alpha, eighth child and fourth son of Alpha John and Omega Sherlock of Pack Holmes-Watson was killed when a surface to air missile brought down the Chinook helicopter he piloted during a reconnaissance and rescue mission in hostile territory. He is survived by his wife of three years, Ulani Holmes-Watson (née Lanuola).
Less than a year after Perry’s release, their ninth child - the fifth daughter of John and Sherlock of Pack Holmes-Watson, ten-year-old musical prodigy, Donna Clementine was kidnapped when the sedan scheduled to pick her up was late as she waited outside the music academy she attended. Donna had just enough wherewithal to activate the hidden emergency tracker that all in elite families like theirs wore. The silent alarm activated before she was rendered unconscious.
“John!” Sherlock held the man, unable to say anything else, his joy beyond words.
“Done!” Oskar happily announced, taking his hands from the table. “Easiest, £1000 ever.”
John felt as Evelyn Thérèse, their third daughter, and the other offspring living in the home, reigned in her anguish.
He startled at the thought, felt the truth of it for what it was. Oskar’s hearty laughter broke into his thoughts before he could dwell on what they meant.
He started to follow the omega in but stopped as he walked into the remnants of Sherlock’s scent that wafted in the omega’s wake.  Being in the very early stages of Sherlock’s heat, it was slightly stronger than usual. John knew the biology of what was happening. The omega’s body was preparing itself for being mated. Putting itself in the ideal condition to have pups sired upon.
{Omega?}
Perry was not a beta in the know.
The man never had a chance.
.” And each who is touched finished it.
Surprisingly, where John had the most trouble was with the feet. The multiple pairs of male feet all wore deep purple, strappy, sky-high heels. Photos of the wrapped ankles were separate from the tarsus and toes made it hard to choose. Of the three times he has seen his omega’s beautiful body naked, suffice it to say the alpha had not been concentrated on the man’s feet…
, my darling. You’re safe now, your fathers are here.}
“JOHN!”
The only reason Alpha Watson and his second mate were at El Enlace again was for a case where Sherlock suspected an omega of drug dealing under her Alpha’s command. Sherlock who rarely gave in to his omega nature, had let his omega pride at how well he and John knew each other get him challenged by another omega into participating in the event.
John opened his mind to Natalia Olivia and pulled his daughter into his arms. By protocol she would have been the fifth child he addressed, were they altogether. But as at work, though Siån an omega living in the States as the eldest of the siblings overall and her twin brother Sionyn as the eldest alpha of the siblings here in London, they often ceded to Natalia's advice. John and Sherlock's fifth in line, was in duty, if not in rank, third in charge of the Pack Holmes-Watson behind John and Sherlock, and all accepted that. Even Mycroft, who now in his mid-80s had finally started showing clear signs of slowing down mentally, also ceded to her intellect. The woman, who was a physical twin to her omega father had winced at first as she felt their pain of loss, but then gave a bittersweet smile as the fathers sent her a memory of when they first held her in their in their arms at birth.
“Watson, you are one lucky bastard…” the alpha whistled.
“Yes, Sherlock. Meet Rose…my daughter. It is… a very long story and an even longer road to find my way back to you, my love.”
“Are you implying I do not know how to treat my omega?” John asked calmly.
“Oh, John now you’re reaching.” Oskar gloated, “Just give in gracefully, man.”
In the two hours since John shut them off, Francois, Francesca, Evelyn, and the grandsons who lived at Baker Street and were closest had prepared The Mews for mourning. The gray and off-white bunting of Lycan, with the royal blue and deep purple trim of Pack Holmes-Watson colors was hung across the reception hall and drawing room of The Mews. A wreath of the same colors hung on the front door and the covers of the outdoor sconces that will not turn on for seven days marked it as a pack house in morning.
John could not help but feel the Omega Care that poured from Sherlock. This was not the acting they had done inside.
El Enlace Pack House rules remained enforced. Alphas, who usually dressed as they desired, were all in fancy suits and cocktail dresses for the occasion. Omegas, as usual were required to be naked except for their collars, tags, and ownership bracelets. When the occasional vocals evoked by amorous acts elsewhere on the floor were heard, some smiled, but most paid it little mind. They were at El Enlace after all. It was the norm.
The Alpha-Patriarch does a quick scan of Pack Holmes-Watson. As always, he searches for his omega first. Sherlock was asleep upstairs; the latest case had worn him out. The alpha misses the days when the children were young, they were all under one roof and he could physically check on his family. Of their offspring, only two lived with them at The Mews. Two of their adult grandchildren lived at Baker Street. He can directly sense the children he and Sherlock sired, and while he can communicate with and compel any alpha or omega he has at least visual contact with, the lives and well being of the grandchildren and so on can only be sensed by their respective parents for that is their pack line.
“If you wanted something specific you should have said!”
“Of course it is. As you said, it's all fine,” Sherlock rumbled, his eyes opening. He let go of John. “Now, which do you want on first, the bonding pin or the O-Lariat?”
Sherlock made a possessive gesture, curling his hand near around John’s neck, almost as if he meant to drag John forward, then let go. His hand moved back to resting at the edge of John’s shirt.
“You’re lucky you have an Omega already, Mr. Holmes, your tact is deplorable,” the chaperone grumbled.
“Right. I’m fine.”
“There’s no other names. Who identified the body, who was first on the scene? It’s a complete joke.”
John's vision whited. He tipped over into the bed, his arse clenching around his fingers and his cum dribbling out into the sheets as he gasped his orgasm out into his pillows.
“Who died?” Liz asked before John could continue.
Good.
“It would help us catch who killed him,” Sherlock said.
Most of the Omegas were clumped together in batches of three talking in hushed voices. The rest fluttered by the Alphas; sitting on their laps and smiling at them as they skimmed their fingers over muscle. The more involved activities were showcased by the excessive flare of neutralizer that continuously gushed out to cull the pheromones. In every instance there was a chaperone at their back, pointedly ignoring the proceedings.
“Specialize? Yeah. Surgery.”
“What did you do about heats before you had access?” Dr. Jones asked. “There’s nothing noted about it on your records.”
The toy clicked as it grew. Lengthening to its last few inches, finally pushing into John’s O-gland and making his world stutter.
“Bravo.”
John had hoped to scrape by a few more years. Just old enough for Alphas to not take notice. Who wanted an almost infertile Omega?
The bite was a problem.
“It’s a very old institution and only recommended on a case by case basis.”
“I thought it best—” Theo started from his watchful perch behind her.
“Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock shifted and John watched as Sherlock stripped himself down and covered himself with someone new. John blew the steam off the coffee.
John might chin Sherlock too. He pushed Sherlock’s grip off.
“Suits.”
George leaned back in his chair. “It’s surprising how little other Alphas understand. They already think I’m a bastard for cheating on mine. But they don’t get it, do they? They think you have an Omega and suddenly you have everything you could ever fucking dream of. But that’s not how it goes, is it?”
The car was idling a street down, tucked off the main road with Mycroft waiting inside. Blessedly, the interior of the vehicle smelled like cleaning chemicals and only a whisp of an Alpha’s scent.  Sherlock threw a fit every time John came home smelling like Mycroft. The heating blasted on and the car moved. John shivered.
John wiped his hands on the sheets and stared at the slick he had just wiped off.
“Is that why you two competed over Alphas?” John asked.
His entire worth for the case up until now had solely revolved around the simple fact that he was an Omega. Not John. It didn’t matter that he was a doctor, and that he’d served in the RAMC and that he could keep up with Sherlock Holmes. Twenty-five years and he was thirteen again, his entire worth being rewritten by his arse. Like it was the only thing John was good for.
“I don’t understand.”
“You do realize most Omegas have a wardrobe that cycles out monthly?”
John eased the further they went into the list and as food was served. Finn wasn’t a bad choice. John would be able to take him in a fight and he was smart, didn’t talk down to John. It helped that if he stood next to Sherlock they’d look related.
John started breathing through his mouth.
The scent invaded him like sand, itching and begging for immediate attention. He breathed sharply.
“Yeah. They say that, don’t they? Mine cost a company merger.”
“It's common sense,” Sherlock said. “Can’t have one A/O couple running into another. It’d be rather exciting. We’d probably see more murders. A bit of a shame.”
Sherlock sat in one of his awkward perches, limbs askew and proving the worth of his expensive suits when the fabric stretched to accommodate. If John tried sitting like that in any of the clothes he owned he was completely sure they would just rip in half.
John licked his lips and shifted.
Fine.
“I gave you simple instructions.”
Sherlock shuffled John upright and climbed ungracefully over him to sit down closest to Mycroft. He quickly dumped the Belstaff over John’s shoulders and held his hand across the table.
That was to be expected, John had learned while lying face down on an examination table. He had tried not to cry while the doctor chatted away above him. His legs had been spread and strapped down as a cold speculum pushed into his arse searching for his vaginal cavity.
Tom shushed him again and bent down to brush their cheeks together. Finally, he let go of John’s wrist as he made a move for John’s hips instead. John tried to bolt and Hamish grabbed his neck.
“Just a bit handsome,” John said.
John licked his lips. He eased his cock out and leaned against the door jam. He was already achingly hard. He brushed his slit and shuddered, catching his own precum and dragging it around the head, slicking it up. It was minuscule compared to what Sherlock was dripping.
Sherlock moved. Mistake. Another whiff of the Omega slapped John in the face. Sherlock wasn’t allowed to smell like that.
“Oh, no. I hear you. I’m just ignoring you.” John turned another page of the paper.
“Might need a bit of help,” John replied honestly.
“Wait. Please don’t make a complaint,” Jenny rushed out. “You’re just the first Omega I’ve ever had come in with a job. It’s just a bit of a shock, really.”
Fucking rubbish.
“You never know. It’s still all a la mode to go bare in some circles. I believe it is called 'free balling it.'”
Theo cleared his throat, a hot blush climbing up his neck. “One, with allowance for the number to go up at your discretion.”
“Why would they need any?” Lestrade asked back. “Isn’t everything supposed to fit?”
John stepped away despite Sherlock’s continued protests. It was all a big cock-up. He headed to the loo, not once glancing back.
When he was able to get control of himself, he popped the lid off. Bringing it up to his nose, he sniffed. Nothing happened. He frowned and sniffed again.
Sherlock’s fingers tapped over John’s ribs. “We’d been hoping to take a short holiday to the Maldives but I’m afraid business is keeping us for a few more weeks.”
John exhaled and Sherlock continued to instruct John on breathing until Lestrade came back; as if talking John through a panic attack was an everyday occurrence.
John cleared his throat. “Sorry?”
“Asther is bonded?”
John shifted nervously. He forced himself to hold still and stubbornly held his breath as Sherlock’s curls brushed against his cheeks. Sherlock finally pulled away with an irritated huff after a few passes over the fabric.
“You don’t need me to touch it. You’re going to come from me fucking you on my cock. Be a good Omega for me, yeah?”
“New money, isn’t it?”
“Right.” Lestrade pulled out a notebook. “What else?”
“I thought so,” Sherlock said smugly. “You do have a rather large penis for an Omega male. Most textbooks put them several inches smaller. I suppose your Betas find it adequate.”
His tongue darted out and licked.
“I’ve had sexual relations for far less.”
“Honestly, it’s all fine,” John assured.
The interior of the restaurant was forged from dark wood and low hanging lamps that left barely enough room to see anything properly. Half-moon booths covered in a rich red velvet were the only seating options available. They were spaced far apart and turned so that unless John really looked at them, he couldn’t make out the occupants. Mycroft led them to the very back of the venue and sat down after John.
One of Sherlock’s hands situated itself on John’s lower back, tugging him across the centimeter of a chasm between them. The other slid up John’s clavicle until Sherlock’s fingers pressed straight into John’s scent gland.
“What you did the other day, that was nice,” John hurried out. “Just the firm grip.”
“How did you manage to ruin a suit in one evening?” Sherlock demanded. “We were hardly there for more than three hours.”
“I’m sorry.” Tom knelt, putting him at John’s height. “I came on a bit strong. I know presenting as an Omega must have been scary for you. I was just overwhelmed.” Tom picked up one of John’s discarded shirts on the floor and rubbed it against his face. He shuddered. “You’re the best thing I’ve ever scented.”
“John?” Sherlock asked again. “While I appreciate your capabilities in—”
Fear stuck itself in his throat.
“Hm. Pretty sure dropping my trousers would get us arrested, and that won’t do.”
“For such needy things they don’t like to be touched much,” George said, addressing Sherlock.
The second orgasm shuddered over him.
Oliver put his hand on Sherlock’s knee and stroked down. His white nails flashed in the club and made it easy to follow as he teased down to Sherlock’s inner thigh and back up, ignoring the obvious outline further down.
Sherlock made a noise, a hint of a moan, muffled by his coat. He had tightened his grip on his knot and he squeezed it several times in quick succession and it bulged out between his fingers from the pressure. Christ, it looked thick. John’s arse would swallow that up and he’d love every second of it. The toys he used worked fine but there was nothing compared to the real thing. To have a hot, heavy cock shoved in, splitting him apart as the knot pushed and stretched and made John beg for more.
He moved down. His wrists dug into Sherlock’s white skin, leaving behind streaks of red from pressure and coated him in John's own scent. He touched Sherlock’s ribs when his breath stuttered, creasing along the bones.
He sunk further into the tub, the porcelain tugging at his skin and his neck sagged against the corner. There was a rust spot by his knee. Another halfway up by his thigh. He didn’t know how long they had been there.
“Right.”
“Ta,” John said again.
“Wrist! Don’t be shy.”
John narrowed his eyes. Now it was Dr. Watson. Mycroft knew bloody well what John was asking. He drank the rest of the water.
“Mr. Holmes, Mr. Holmes,” Athena greeted.
“Shame that,” John said. He flexed his hand over his thigh. “Spotted nothing new for suppressants, have you?”
“Of course. That’ll be all for today.”
“Right. Okay.”
Easy.
Relief flooded him. He sagged into Sherlock, letting Sherlock carry his weight, and bit his tongue to keep whatever embarrassing noise he was about to make silent.
“Needs must. Are you comfortable?” Sherlock asked John.
“They have money to burn. They can call for help to cover the entire thing up— but then it gets complicated, what happens when the family comes looking? It would still ruin him. The easier option would be that Henry’s parents have just as much to lose as the Alpha from the death becoming public knowledge.”
John opened the fourth one. He breathed in and his entire world narrowed. A choked sound escaped and he shoved his nose straight in.
Mrs. Hudson pushed some of the mess off the table in the main room and set her tray down. “That’s not the proper Alpha way to behave.”
“I’ll just go get dressed,” John said.
He relished it.
Right.
Gabe attempted to wiggle to the floor. Mrs. Taylor’s firm grip kept him on her lap and she started bouncing him on her knees to distract him. “So, it won’t, I don’t know, get better?”
“Piss off, Mycroft.”
The two of them lapsed into silence.
John had to keep himself from laughing. Sherlock bristled.
A fake grin broke across Sherlock’s face and John held back a groan. It was going to be one of those sham interviews.
John was going to strangle him. He’d feel Mycroft’s airway give way under pressure as he squeezed down with his weight—he’d hear the stuttering breath and watch the eyes flicker in desperation. John’s hand started shaking and the fork dropped out of his grip.
“Are you sure you don’t want to wait a few days,” Theo inserted. “I could have them come back.”
John cleared his throat and folded the paper. “I think I need to pop off now.” John stood up and brushed his cheek against Mrs. Hudson’s. Harry was the only other person he dared greet like that. “Thank you for the breakfast. It was thoughtful.”
Mine, not he or John. This was just for pretend.
John abandoned Sherlock’s thighs and moved straight to his cock. If John put himself here, the other cunt would know to fuck right off.  John began with his cheeks. He ran them from the base of the knot, already half-filled, to the crown pushing out of the foreskin and back down, completely oblivious to Sherlock’s gasps and fluttering hands as they struggled to find what to touch. His hot prick bobbed against John’s face, scribbling pre-cum on his skin, as he went over it in its entirety.
“Yeah,” John said. “We promise.”
John let out an incredulous laugh. “Did he?”
“Must be cozy, having the staff off on holiday.” Sherlock ran his free hand over the top of a decorative vase and showed off the dust that covered his fingers. He flicked it off. “What company are you using? Perhaps I can recommend a more attentive one, especially if you are going to continue with little lie-ins.  Or I’ve always been partial to a live-in housekeeper.”
John slipped on his jacket and toed on his shoes.
John let out a shaky breath. “I would have knocked you unconscious if you tried to stop me,” John confessed. His hands trembled and he gripped his knees. “I don’t know where I would have stopped. “
Mrs. Talbot cleared her throat and fussed with her teacup. “I’m afraid, Mr. Holmes, that Henry had an unfortunate heat and won’t be returning to us.”
“When we examined the body—” John forged on.
“No,” John said. “Ta.”
“Dick.” John flipped another bird. “Who’re you texting?”
“Why not? Some culinary blogs even recommend it.”
“You set Mrs. Hudson on us for a few days,” John replied. “The smell was complete rubbish.”
I had a comedy of errors in real life involving government paperwork and a car that's hardly been driven in the past year due to lockdown. Both of these issues, no joke, took up about a week's worth of time and an excessive amount of time being put on hold. I am so sorry. When I had originally started posting I wanted to hit a 4/5 day updating schedule. Looks like I'm at 4/6 for hitting that mark. Fingers crossed that this last week was all the bad things that will happen for the next few months and I can continue as planned. Again, I'm so sorry. As a reader, I know how frustrating it can be when an author fails to update.
It wasn’t a full heat. Thank God. At least some part of his suppressants were still working.
“The recommended response to heat rage is intercourse,” Sherlock said, dragging the conversation back to the track he wanted. “Given your lack of relationships with Alphas I had assumed that once in your right mind, you would be strongly against any penetration. I thought frotting was a good compromise seeing as you obviously enjoy penile stimulation with your Beta girlfriends.”
Jenny offered up a card with a rather resigned expression. “Down the hallway, third on the left.”
“You going to eat any of this?”
“He’s spent most of the interview saying nothing.” Sally slid her ID through the door lock. “Good luck.”
“Is that normal?” John asked.
“Sorry about him,” John said as he moved to follow.
George Evans, the Alpha who’d last seen their dead Omega alive, snapped his gaze to them as they entered. His lawyer, Tabby Williams, shuffled some papers on the table they sat at. Sherlock pulled a chair out for John and transferred his hand to under John’s collar. His fingers made small soothing circles.
John grimaced. “No, I’m not. I used the tub.”
“And how often will I be expected to do this?”
In a split-second decision, John reached for it before holding it up to his face and taking a needy inhale. Bloody hell. He shoved his face into it and let out an embarrassing whine. Sherlock had to have put this on before having a shower. He always smelled the strongest in the morning, walking around the flat and presenting his scent as casual as he pleased.
“Bobby was killed too precisely for a first-time murderer,” Sherlock said, leaning forward. “Most killers butcher the first body they try to kill. They never account for the actual physical body and what happens when someone dies. Fluids and all those bits get messy. Bobby’s death had to be planned out and executed without a hitch in the time span of a shower with minimal noise—thus likely not the first. Or our murderer got a lot of practice somewhere else.”
This Omega, this dead Omega, had made reservations in an Omega hotel designed specifically for Omega safety. There were body guards stationed throughout the first floor, the required check-in, the multi-lock system John had seen on the front door, and emergency buzzers attached under most of the furniture; all things that were supposed to ensure an uneventful heat. Yet, because he had been in heat and completely and utterly reliant on an Alpha to tend to him, to keep him safe, he had died.
“Shh,” Tom said when John tested his hold. Tom ran his hand down John’s back. “There’s a good Omega. I know you’re still too young for a real heat. I wanted to get to know you before then.”
“Alright.”
John nudged the bow off and slid a knife under the tape to unwrap the box. The present was an I-pad and a set of concert tickets.
“Excellent! We were just worried." Sherlock tugged John forward and John let himself be pulled flush against Sherlock’s coat. “We didn’t want to be somewhere with. Well. You know, don’t you?”
“Omega,” Sherlock cooed. Bloody bastard. “Let me take care of you.”
When he had sobered enough to connect the dots, he had grabbed everything and shoved it in the tub along with the strongest medical-grade neutralizer he owned and left it to soak. He had passed out the second he touched his sheets and only remembered about it when he had gone to take a piss in the morning. It was still rather damp.
“Oh." She frowned slightly. “We’re a bit full up. Bookings are generally done weeks out in advance. I can recommend another Omega hotel.”
John glanced down at his feet, rocking back on his heels. “Does that happen to you? With other Alphas?”
“Go on.”
“Outside of the family? With us it’s just alright, isn’t it? But if he starts up when he goes to primary or playdates or I don’t know, out to the shops, will he?”
Athena held the bags out for John. “Loo’s on the left. Do you need help?”
His fingers tapped against his knees. The street lights were still on. It was raining and it was early enough that he could still hear it chattering with the pavement. He shifted and through the dim he spotted Sherlock’s blue dressing gown abandoned on the coffee table.
Pheromones were also a giant bloody mess; creating problems like this morning. Worse, really, if he thought about it.
“You have wonderful taste, Mr. Holmes,” Noah said.
“Okay.”
That’s why stud houses and clubs existed. Omegas were unable to get off with just anyone unless they pumped their system full of Beta hormones and suppressed their instincts as John had. And they couldn’t just go fuck an Alpha off the street. They needed someone safe.
“Fuck. Yeah. I might.” Oliver fumbled his phone out of his pocket and started tapping. “Right,” he said after a few minutes. “His heat doctor was David Wood. Shite. Will that actually help?”
“You need to read up on Omega fashion.”
“If you’d follow me,” Noah said, beckoning them to the back of the shop.
Mrs. Taylor sighed as Gabe tried to gnaw on her fingers. She reached into her pockets and pulled out a teething ring. She eased it into Gabe’s mouth with another sigh.
He promised himself he’d never go back there.
No. It was.
“He spent all night pacing, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said. “It's why I thought. He was being all Alpha strutting up and down and wafting his aggressive pheromones about and his bits looked quite impressive!”
Slowly, John sunk down. He went bit by bit, his breathing picking up the more he took. The ridges dragged upwards, making him gasp and grasp the back of the chair to steady himself. The top of the dildo finally pressed as far as the setting allowed, just at the beginning of his inner folds. Tempting him with the thought.
The cold water hit him in the face.
“The question we always start with, John—why? Why would an Omega have a fake autopsy report? Or the better question is why did they think they could get away with such an abysmal attempt.”
“No. Sorry, sorry. I mean. Thanks. Really. Thanks.”
“There you are,” Alpha said.
Liz lost focus. Her face scrunched and she counted out several breaths. She knocked Theo's hand away when he tried to comfort her.
“You’re a doctor?”
John hummed noncommittally and smiled flatly. It had changed very little. He still took suppressants and suppressed heats were an itch he could choose to scratch or outright ignore.
John remembered bits. Helplessly rutting against the bed. Trying to get any fiction. Craving any sort of touch. He had fumbled around with a Beta girl in his class a few weeks earlier. Her dainty hands and blue pained nails had teased him, running over the veins, just lightly touching. He’d never felt anything so fantastic.
John managed to beeline it. He ripped off his mask and gulped down the air in the hallway. Everything smelled stale and empty and not real. He tore open the suit and shoved it off before grasping at Sherlock’s scarf. He shoved it into his nose.
“I have notes saying your family refused any investigation?” John tried to get the conversation back on track.
A large, warm hand grasped the back of his neck, fingers just brushing against his scent gland and another gently pried the scarf away. John kept his eyes closed. Seeing the judgment would be too much. This was already a cock-up. The hand urged John forward until his nose was firmly nestled in a warm neck and fully curled into a larger body.
“You’re having volatile reactions?”
“All my needs?” John asked dubiously. He took the basket with trepidation.
John offered a placating smile. “I promise you it is helping him. He wouldn’t be so happy if you weren’t.” John opened the bottom drawer of his desk and pulled out several brochures and passed them over. “You’ll probably want to go to a hospital. They offer free services to A/O children with Beta parents. They’ll coach him through scenting so he isn’t so overwhelming. I’d recommend checking in at the front desk, they’ll have more information available.”
“Yes. Very funny. Can we drop it?” John asked.
“Mycroft.”
Hamish had died when John was on his first tour. Harry had sent a postcard saying he was up for cremation and that had been that.
“So, you’ve been spying on us again. Got it. Have either of you tried having a normal sibling relationship?”
No matter how John tried to ignore it, being able to smell his and Sherlock’s scents intertwined was a big ‘time to get shagged’ signal to his instincts. The longer they lived the more the urge declined. Now, John hardly registered the combination outside of it meaning home.
John held himself very still. Liz, the only family member of suspected victim Katie Borren to agree to an interview, was in pre-heat. Liz sniffed the two fingers he’d offered up for inspection. It might have been better to send in Sherlock or Lestrade. Alphas had a higher survival rate with pre-heat Omegas. Theo, the Alpha to Liz’s Omega, had refused to let them into the room.
“I think I’d rather—,” John started.
The failed bondbite was all John’s fault.
“Oh, for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock hissed and yanked out his phone. “I’m busy,” Sherlock snapped into the call. “Stop bothering me.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Do do better Mrs. Hudson. John would not be here if he wanted me to ‘take care of the unpleasant things.’”
Several rows of light blue sapphires draped across his chest, shoulder to shoulder. The strands connected in the back at the top of John’s spine where it tapered into a long elaborate silver chain that dripped smaller sapphires until it ended at a detailed crest, resting just above his arse. John had never expected to wear an O-Lariat in his lifetime. They were for bonded Omegas.
Liz laughed. “He wants to get his knot wet. Killing an Omega is very counterproductive to that.”
Sherlock’s hips jerked off the chair, thrusting his cock into his fist. His other hand sharply flexed on his knot, mimicking what John’s arse would do if they fucked. His moans were muffled by the Belstaff as his knees pulled even further apart and he strained forward, the head of his cock shoving out and back between his wet fingers.
“Right. Stand up,” John instructed. Sherlock eyed him. “I’m not doing it over the chair. Get over here.”
“The heat you shared,” John said, “it was a widow, yeah? Probably someone double your age?”
“Alright. That was a shite idea.”
Of course, he did. Of course.
“Clearly.”
John’s face was hot.
John dropped his dead weight on Sherlock’s legs and kept one arm firmly pressed down on Sherlock’s stomach. Slowly, John went over every inch of skin with his cheeks, humming as it began to finally smell just like them and no one else. He ripped off the pants next.
“May I come in, John?” Sherlock asked.
“Er. But this is.” John made a gesture.
“Stay here, Sherlock,” Lestrade emphasized. “Please make sure he stays, John.”
“Right. Thanks.”
“Right. No worries, mate,” John ground out. “I’ll just be off.”
“Oh. It was.” She squeezed his forearm. “I’m just so happy for you boys. Though, my bedroom is right below Sherlock’s. Perhaps I should invest in one of those noise machines.”
And very much like an Omega.
“Apologies, John,” Sherlock said. John almost thought he sounded chagrined. “I’ll go get the tea. Sit with him,” Sherlock instructed Lestrade as he stood up.
“Do you like taking it up the arse? Is that why you let him dress like that?”
“And you have nothing else.”
“Agreed. You’d pick out cheap cardstock.”
Finn blinked at him. “Are you sure? I have a gift.” He pushed toward two wrapped boxes that had been waiting on the seat.
“No?”
“He’s not,” John hurriedly corrected. Sally raised her eyebrows at him. “Not mine,” he clarified. “Just flatmates. I’ve said.”
“But maybe,” John started. “Do you think you could try to help us?”
“That’s shite. It’s what we all say,” George said.
“Go on, mine,” Sherlock murmured encouragingly to John.
“Oh, you never know. Omegas have frightfully good senses and Sherlock always manages, doesn’t he?”
This entire week had been too fucking much.
“There’s a funded program to help employers adjust to Omega employees. They offer a full free service if you apply.”
Right.
“It’s an heirloom,” Mr. Talbot said defensively.
“Pushing your luck.”
“I look forward to it.”
Bollocks.
Sherlock flipped them.
“Why are we wearing these now?”
John shrugged. No. Not in an Omega half his age and probably just as high. But he was here to mingle. “Maybe.”
“If you’re interested.”
“Who would that help?” Sherlock demanded.
“Okay. So, does it?”
“As you please,” Mycroft said. “We have a booth in the back. I’ve already put in orders for us.”
Mr. Talbot jerked his attention back to the conversation. He looked at Mrs. Talbot with wide eyes. “Viv,” he rushed out.
“Which lift do we use?” Sherlock asked as he held his hand out. “An activation key.”
“I’ve never been concerned with proper,” Sherlock said.
John ripped the styrofoam top off one of the chippy boxes and loaded it with chips and half a sandwich.
“Does it matter?”
John crossed his arms. “I’m not an Alpha.”
The omega fell into the act as he returned the kiss.
Hands still held, they stood.
There were protocols, traditions for these things, but John took one look at his silent omega and knew he it was right in getting the two of them away from everyone else for a moment. John can shut out people’s thoughts and most emotions but the painful stab of fresh grief in the moment when a pack member
Sherlock looked to Natalia. “I know protocol dictates you tell us alone first, but how many times has Pack Holmes-Watson broken dictates? Let us take this downstairs so you only have to do this once, child.”
The omega behind the counter gently cleared her throat. “I know it’s only a matter of a couple of meters away, but all potential intimate activities must be limited to inside the main room, please. Forgive the interruption, Alpha.”
Naturally, everyone there assumed John has exerted his Alpha rights on his omega by now. While not completely unheard of for some Alphas to wait a year before they sired, at literally a day from their first anniversary it did not look good for Alpha Watson.
John and Sherlock looked once more to each other and began to touch.
Stella rose and waited for Oskar to turn the chair around and sat.
John knew Evelyn and Sherlock were right. He and Sherlock simply could not handle that much emotional traffic in their minds right now. Let alone that much added Alpha and Omega Hurt as the remaining siblings learned. John could only focus on one thing right now, Sherlock. He wrapped an arm around his omega, and they went into their room. The two said nothing, thought nothing. They simply let their cores take a moment as their arms surrounded each other knowingly.
Natalia Olivia had stoically started to give the facts, but the Holmes control in her blood had slowly shattered as much as her omega father’s had and tears streamed down her face as she finished.
His cool seafoam eyes lazily drifted over the land once more as he prepared to head towards the house. A bath to soak the day’s dirt away. A light meal he’ll know Mrs. Hudson will insist upon his eating before she headed on to her neighboring Speedwell Ranch a few miles down the road.
Sherlock could not help the eye roll as he turned the photo over and saw the stylized W of Pack Watson; there was no way for John to get that wrong. Rivera called out the left torso next, both alphas chose correctly. Right forearm: John knew by Sherlock’s face it was wrong before the image was turned over. Right thigh: Oskar was wrong.
John knew the difference. This felt real, so very real.
Sherlock had arrived first. Though he recognized the man on sight, Hugo Perry and his accomplice Kurt Hallman had been identified by the team. He went straight to his daughter.
Alpha Carlson raised a brow when Sherlock stood and lifted his own chair. “You’re not going to help your omega?”
The 11th member of Pack Holmes-Watson, daughter Donna Clementine (Omega), had activated her emergency tracker at ten minutes to four in the afternoon just outside of her music academy according to the GPS. Her mobile was unreachable, but the tracker remained active. She had been abducted.
“I’m right here darling.” John kissed his daughter’s cheek even as he ran a hand through his omega’s curl’s.
The single mole on the right, the moles the resembled the Orion’s belt constellation on the left made identifying Sherlock’s neck easy. Sherlock’s arms and legs were only slightly harder. His omega’s pale complexion, slim frame, yet strong musculature, scars he remembered helped in the mix of other photos. John ran a finger down what he knew was Sherlock’s left and right torso. The light smattering of hair on the chest, the dark nipples, the fine dark hairs that lead down to other places, , were things he would not dare admit have haunted his dreams since he had last seen Sherlock naked at El Enlace.
Sherlock was out of the building and using his uncanny ability to instantly flag a taxi when the alarm official went off.
With Perry still on the ground between them as reminder of what the omega can do, for the first Hallman began to realize the trouble he was in. Watson tenderly kissed his omega over their daughter’s head, then looked at Hallman and smiled. All could see the slow panic build on Hallman’s face when the John made a gesture at him that could only be described as
{One moment my omega. I will.}
As the winning omega Sherlock automatically won an amethyst lavalier. It hung from his long neck on a delicate gold chain. The pendant landed just below the navel; its jewels sparkled among the fine dark hairs that naturally drew one’s eyes to areas below.
Sherlock could not help but feel a sense of pride at her surprisingly stoic face even as he felt her trying to find her own calm.
Hallman watched as the omega, his mercurial eyes now returned to their normal verdigris color, calmly walked back to his alpha. John handed Sherlock a towel to wipe his bloody hands before he redressed. Sherlock placed clean towels across his lap before he sat and took their daughter into his arms.
John vaguely noted the sun had risen when there was a knock on their bedroom door. “You may come.”
Most betas in the know of their kind did not accept the offer to fight. The chances of surviving were next to nil and if they survived, they rarely did so with their body intact. It was a guaranteed loss of at least one limb if the alpha was merciful.
“Omega…”
John as Alpha could have easily said no and that would have been the end of it, but…
Unlike Sherlock’s emphatic connection, John heard his daughter’s screams as mindspeak as well as felt her panic. Only pure raw emotion of pack can break through a partial shutout, solidifying that something was indeed wrong.
“Now Alpha, I want to know whose breast you have been looking at if you thought that left one is mine?” Omega Alperin teased.
“No. I felt exactly what you felt… and just
Still the crafty omega had picked out a gift and the gift chosen was clearly for John’s enjoyment.
John had given up lying to himself the day Sherlock and Mycroft revealed the truths of their sire. Though he suspected Mycroft has deduced how he felt, John himself has not said a word to anyone.
{I heard you,omega.}
"And if the father is killed?" Hugo Perry asked.
“Yes, I will. Better safe…” Sherlock let the thought trail off before he gave a short nod and went into the house.
John was already reaching out to his omega when he felt Sherlock's panic him through their bond and called out to him via mindspeak. John didn’t think twice, he took off at alpha speed as he reached out to Mycroft.
“Alpha Ianto Spéir Holmes Watson has travelled there…” She began with the call.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock barked out a laugh. “Come now. We both know if all I wanted was to be buggered, I could have gotten a Beta to play dress-up with. A much cheaper hobby and accepted among our fellows.”
Slick gushed out onto the carpet and his cum mixed with Sherlock’s on his stomach. Perfect. Sherlock reeked of him.
“No.”
Mrs. Taylor stayed in her chair.
“Mycroft—”
John let out a breath.
“Change of plans, John. We get to have a test run,” Sherlock said. He looked at Noah. “The plaid suit, I need it looking finished in an hour.”
Alright for who, exactly?
Instead, Sherlock breathed into his ear. “Good job, we got him exactly where we want him. If you want to take care of your problem the loo on the third floor is often empty.”
“They used to compete. Sometimes it came down to who could sit on a cock faster. They’d both wear Omega style trousers. Could just slip everything right in.”
“Ten am,” Sherlock said. “Rough night?”
For Queen and country and Sherlock Holmes.
No Alpha had ever said that.
John smiled mildly and crossed his fingers. “Alright. I’m all ears.”
John was a forty-year-old man.
“No need to worry, Mrs. Hudson, I’m sure the Beta John is seeing will be nothing but dull. He’ll be back in a few hours.”
“I didn’t bring anything,” John said, sitting himself down across from Finn.
“Quite so.”
“There’s nothing we can do to curb it?”
“What a treat,” Sherlock gushed. “Normally people just have the help fetching it. I can never get my Omega to lift a finger while at home.”
“May we speak to Henry?” Sherlock pushed.
“Any what?”
“Case. Get changed.”
Compliments John knew how to do.
“I think I’ve rethought this whole marriage thing. Too much risk marrying into the Holmes.”
Sherlock shook his hands through his hair. “I should have ordered more. I wasn’t anticipating this case being more than a few days. I wonder if they can fill something short notice.”
“That’s a shame, but no matter.” Sherlock clapped his hands together, letting go of John’s. “We’ve been called in to consult with the police.”
Another thing John would need to buy. He hadn’t even thought about a guard. Not that it would do anything. An Alpha could just rip it right off. An Alpha could just kill him.
John clearly saw what the tabloids would splash. ‘Confirmed Bachelor Watson Dies during Heat!’ or ‘Renowned Web Detective’s Omega Drowns in Own Slick! Read Now!’ Probably followed by the one picture of Sherlock in the bloody deerstalker that seemed to be in every article about them. He’d rather blow his brains straight out. He could make it all nice, lay out a plastic sheet in the tub, and leave the rest of his body for Sherlock to cut up into bits and put in the fridge. Easy clean up too.
“Git. You know,” John said, leaning in so only Sherlock heard. “You could’ve told me to dress up a bit.”
Sherlock never wore a belt. All his posh trousers fit against his hips perfectly. John slid his fingers under the waistband and wrenched it down. Sherlock made a noise of protest.
“Sorry. You know how it is,” George said.
“Are you sure? I know after my heats I could barely manage to stand. Mr. Hudson might have been an unpleasant Alpha, but he had very good equipment.”
“Your coat is rather distinctive Mr. Holmes,” Oliver said.
John wasn’t sure which was worse. Walking home in the rain or sitting in a car with Mycroft. Jupiter waited patiently for him. The poor bugger.
“No good?” Sherlock asked from his shoulder after John failed to say anything.
“Seemed imperative with you going on your suppressants that I update my knowledge on Omegas.”
“Like British tea?”
“Um,” Jenny said. She blinked at the ID and her face grew paler. “Sorry, sirs. Suite 502.”
Sherlock blinked at him. “How is that relevant?”
The umbrella broke, half of the ribs crumpling in some cosmic joke. The London drizzle seeped through John’s jacket as people shoved past him, their shoulders bumping against his in the dinner rush. He stood still, listening to the cars running over water and the electric hum of streetlights popping on.
Sherlock cricked his neck and stretched, pulling his shirt taut over his chest. The top few buttons were still undone and his sleeves had been rolled up to his elbows. John regarded the autopsy again.
It was like talking to Sherlock.
The cab stank.
“What else would you call him? I’m so happy you boys made it official. When are you planning the bonding ceremony?”
“He said he hadn’t found the right Alpha yet. That he was waiting for a good contract.”
An utterly pathetic sound.
“Yeah. That’s what having an Omega is, isn’t it? A fucking transaction. One that has an excessive amount of upkeep. I just wanted a bit more. Mine doesn’t let me near her unless it’s for a heat. That’s why I was with Bobby at the hotel. I just wanted to spend time with an Omega that was interested.”
John breathed and yanked himself away, one step at a time, Sherlock at his back.
“I’m surprised,” Sarah admitted. “I thought he’d jump at the chance.”
John turned around in surprise, Sherlock mirroring him.
“Less.”
John picked one up and examined it. The containers were basic lidded petri dishes, like the ones Sherlock expected John to do with the washing up; even if they carried toxic waste. John was still working with him on that. There was no reason they couldn’t be binned or the genius could give them a washing up himself.
“You asked.”
“Well, that sounds rather rubbish, doesn’t it? Watson-Holmes is better.”
“I don’t need you to pay for my rides,” John griped.
“I’ve been waiting an hour,” Sherlock informed him crisply.
“Do you?”
Sherlock pulled one of the chairs out from the table and sat in it with an unnecessary flourish. Oliver reached out and smoothed a hand down the Belstaff, a smile quirking.
“I’d rather Hawaii,” John chipped in.
John flexed his fingers under Sherlock’s grip. They had spent the entire ride over holding hands, their wrists bumping together and teasing the space between them with potential. John had been rather thankful to be out until he realized where they were.
“The implication that I might be sharing an Omega with my dear brother is perhaps the least scandalous thing in the room,” Mycroft continued as if John had said nothing.
“There was one. I think it was nominated for a few rewards. The government used to assign Alpha slaves to Beta households. Very depressing. But those are the films that get all the attention, aren’t they?”
“Do you need someone to wait with you, sir?”
The middle shelf was currently hosting a string of airdrying tongues. It had been there for almost a month. Oliver had pulled the Belstaff off the table and was examining it, turning it over in his hands and Sherlock watched, completely unphased.
“That’s what I thought but then there was nowhere to put him. My flat is no place to receive an Omega.”
John cracked his back. “You already know the answer.”
“Of course, that’s why we insist on the policy.” She made sure to look at John and smile. John gave a bemused smile back. “We want our Omegas to have a safe and comfortable experience.”
John had ripped the collar half-off. Christ. He stared at the fabric. He licked his lips.
Noah waited by the side patiently, a knowing expression on his face.
John cleared his throat. “No.” He made another aborted cough.
The taxi ride took another twenty minutes before pulling up to a modern building with a glass and polished stone front. Sherlock loomed by the front doors, texting. He looked up from his phone and pocketed it as John walked up to him.
“Alright. Yeah,” John said. He tapped his neck, just above his scent gland. “Give it a bit of a press.”
“You wanted to know after Henry.” Mrs. Talbot said.
“Well, hurry up.”
“Alright. Normal. I want to look like a normal bloke. Nothing wrong with that.”
“Uh. Your callouses. My flatmate is a bit of a violin hobbyist, his fingers are like yours.”
John breathed heavily and stroked himself, once, twice, and hunched over, gasping out silently and abruptly as he came. His free hand covered his cockhead, catching the cum that leaked out. His head thudded against the wall as he pitched to the side and he focused back on Sherlock.
“Please refrain from making jokes at crime scenes,” Sherlock deadpanned. “It’s bad for my image as a consulting dog.”
And it had been years.
Property of John Watson should be carved on Sherlock’s very bones.
“Good afternoon. My name is Noah,” Noah said, holding his hand out. He wore a three-piece suit, like all the other shop employees, and two tape measures hung around his neck. “I’m one of the in-house cutters. I’ll be the one going over the measurements with you today.”
“Pins or clips,” Sherlock asked, striding out of his room, and carrying three boxes.
Surprised flicked over Sherlock’s face before disappearing. He grinned. “Knew you’d agree.”
“Any idea?”
“Yeah. It's just. Well. Neither of us were prepared for it.”
“I’m surprised you’d take me somewhere public. I was getting used to the warehouse meeting spots,” John said.
Someone tried to catch his elbow as John turned. He avoided it. An Alpha holding him still was the last thing he needed. He just needed to make it to the hallway and get out of the room.
“Full of laughs you are,” John responded.
Sherlock lapsed into silence and John had nothing to say that wouldn’t confirm it.
“And this isn’t caught up?” Lestrade asked.
“A natural response. You’re unbonded and older. Younger Omegas would be seen as a threat against your instinctual urge to find a bondmate.”
“Was it the Omega from yesterday that set your heat off?”  Sherlock asked. He picked up his shirt and frowned at it.
“Other activities?”
“At an A/O club?” Sherlock asked.
An Alpha around John’s age greeted them in a prim red dress.  “How can I help you?” She asked.
“It’s Mr. Talbot's new hobby,” Mrs. Talbot said unapologetically.
“Okay. Fine. Right.” If John suddenly keeled over and died only two people would be able to request his medical records. Harry if she managed to show up sober and Dr. Jones, as his attending physician. Mycroft would probably pull them for Sherlock, regardless. “Family and the attending physician. You think one of them did it?”
“You’ve been handling suppressed heats,” Dr. Jones reminded. “An unsuppressed heat at your age without being bonded is already extremely dangerous. Without any Alpha to service you, you run the risk of heat poisoning. It is the most common cause of death for unbonded Omegas.”
John nudged Sherlock with his shoulder. “Try to look a bit less happy about it. We can’t be happy showing up to look at a dead Omega.”
“Of course, they were. How else would an Alpha scent them through all the neutralizers?”
“I don’t smell anything,” Sherlock said.
“Good evening, brother,” Mycroft said. “Are you joining us for dinner?”
John flexed his hands.
“Right.” John sighed. “What am I changing into, then?”
“Sorry, he's a bit of an arsehole,” John interrupted. “It's not. We believe Henry was murdered. Anything you could do to help us.”
“I have more questions.”
“The more time I spend with you I realize both you and Sherlock have the same bloody annoying habits.”
He needed to get a fucking grip.
“My Omega wanted to ask after Henry, he hadn’t heard anything in a bit and said he wanted to pop on by,” Sherlock smoothed over. “You don’t mind of course? You know how Omegas get. They can be so fixated on something they want. I’ve always found it best to indulge him.”
“I’m so sorry,” Sherlock said again, sounding utterly horrified. “I can’t imagine. That’s always my worst fear as mine gets up in age.”
“You sure?” Ayla asked. She blew smoke in his direction.
Sherlock slung John’s arm over his shoulders and helped him out of the booth. Blessedly, Sherlock matched his gait to John’s. John giggled as he struggled to place one foot in front of the other. They looked ridiculous with the height difference. The rain was still coming down outside and Sherlock pulled them to a halt under the awning, eyes searching for a taxi.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson tutted. “What did you do?”
The dead male Omega was curled up on his side. Dried, opaque slick freckled his thighs and stomach and cock and spotted down his legs. The sheets under him were dark and still damp. His head faced towards the window in a completely unnatural position, his neck had to be broken. Probably the cause of death. Often it was the obvious as much as Sherlock postured.
“Yes, but I often get quite bored. Most humans get unequivocally dull after a few minutes.”
“My client is under a lot of stress,” Tabby attempted to smooth over.
“An apology,” Sherlock said. “To both of us.”
“Sorry?”
“Are you sure I shouldn’t give the hospital a call?”
Oliver sat back. “You joking?”
Sherlock pulled up the edge of the scarf and leaned down to smell it. He took several perusing sniffs before turning to the main body of the scarf, putting his nose and face embarrassingly close to John’s neck.
Yarders walked by. Every single one of them stared. Sherlock draped his arm on the back of the seats and scrolled through his phone. John pursed his lips and leaned back. He flipped off the next Alpha that decided John’s lap was a point of interest.
“You still have chips to eat,” John tried to say lightly. He quirked a grin. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten.”
“No. I’ll just head in, shall I?”
John barked a laugh, surprising himself.  “Yeah. Bit of a cunt for swearing in front of an Omega, mate. Better call in the national guard.”
“I’m sure he’ll be properly scandalized that we’ve gotten engaged and married in the last five minutes in a fitting room on Savile Row.”
“Enough going wrong for you to take your anger out on another Omega?” Lestrade asked, speaking for the first time since John came back.
“Staffroom is on the right, past the loo,” John said.
“Seems a waste. That data could have been useful to future cases.”
“Yeah. Might’ve said something.”
“Just your taste. Not to worry. I’m quite aware you don’t know any better.”
“Of course,” Mrs. Talbot said.
Lestrade led the two of them into the bedroom. The scene had been fully set up, floodlights chasing the dim of the overcast skies out. Anderson and Donovan confided over notes with a few more Yarders John failed to recognize by the windows.
“I have my service dress.”
“Touching me, no.”
“Please. Mycroft would have noticed far sooner if I pulled that much out of my accounts on a frequent basis. The withdrawal process for an Alpha is excessively brutal if they do become dependent. I have always sought to expand my mind, not hinder it,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah. Yeah, it is.” George shifted. “Am I going to be stuck here the full twenty-four hours?” George asked Lestrade, addressing him for the first time since John and Sherlock entered.
His prick pressed tightly against his zip. He used to love this, that he was able to get going so quickly. Made for a day or two of great wanking or a few fantastic rounds with whatever woman he had charmed into bed. After this cocked-up morning, John was scared to enjoy it. He had bloody well lost his mind. Even if Sherlock dismissed it John had still. Well. He had never wanted to be like those Alphas.
Arousal rolled through John. He flexed his hands against his sides, stuck his feet to the floor, and waited. Every suck and shift of Sherlock’s mouth was a beat of heat that picked up its own rhythm, tempting John to dance with it the more that played.
A blush stole up John’s cheeks. Christ. All the touching was getting to him.
Hesitantly, John sat at the edge of one of the couches and placed the basket by his feet. The samples were labeled by number. One through fourteen. He was glad they weren’t named. He ran his hands over his knees.
John rolled down the cab’s window and tucked his head against the doorjamb. The relief the strip offered was mild. He still smelled the Alpha sweat over the damp air from London but it was muted, a ripple instead of the impact.
John stared at the wrist and tried to back up. Hamish kept him in place before firmly digging his fingers in. “Be polite, Johnny, this man’s come from London just to see you.”
At fifteen, two years after John had presented, it was clear as day that staying with Hamish was a non-option. John had looked around and realized his choices were limited. Omega approved housing was expensive, and that meant money. Lots of it.
John smiled tightly. He brought each to his nose for hardly more than a second before dropping them. He returned the favor and made them both bend down to scent him. He wasn’t standing.
John laid down on the couch and draped it over his head, completely disappearing into the warm, familiar scent. Something in him settled, some wayward Omega instinct that John was too tired to puzzle out. It felt like coming home. He took the scent in again and finally, was able to close his eyes and sleep.
“We’re preferring to keep it quiet,” Mrs. Talbot said. “We do not want our son’s death in the news.”
“If I could see the IDs now?”
“What’s in there. Just say it.”
“I don’t see the problem.”
“—Nate,” the chaperone filled in.
“It’s alright,” Sherlock tried again.
“Who would notice?” Sherlock asked back. “Mycroft is never going to make use of them and Mummy prefers not to go to social events in her dotage.”
“Of course, I noticed, John,” Sherlock said. “You scent nothing in the flat. At first, I thought it was jitters or being uncomfortable with our different genders, but you continued to and actively sought to eradicate your personal scent. I can hardly smell it most days. You wash your sheets every time you masturbate when you should be doing the opposite. You spray your dirty laundry every night before going to bed and you borrow Mrs. Hudson’s perfume to spritz your chair because it has strong floral notes that override your softer ones.”
“Manners,” Sherlock said.
Complete rubbish.
John hit his leg. That was no way to think. This was his bedroom; not a nest. Hamish was dead. Sherlock wouldn’t let anyone up here anyway. But. John flexed his hands. He wouldn’t be able to fall back asleep. This was why he never spent his suppressed heats in the flat. Too many bad memories followed him.
“Yes. Mind-numbly simple to solve. They only called me in because an Omega brought in the case. A missing Alpha who had developed an addiction to Omega pheromones. His bondmate had had cancer and had opted to have their scent glands surgically removed for a higher chance of survival. The Alpha was being held ransom by his dealer—apparently over 700k in debt and in withdrawal when I uncovered him. He was in a bad way.”
“Yes. John’s sister pursues A/A relationships. Of course, she can’t maintain them.”
“You lucky bastard,” Lestrade said.
“Alright.” John let out a low whistle. “£100,000. Christ.”
John ran his hand through his hair and stripped. The pants gave him a bit of a pause as he picked them up. Sherlock had bought John pants. The process behind that was a bit hard to contemplate. John quickly flipped them around, checking to see if they were in Omega style, and breathed a huff of relief. They were a normal Beta pair. Most male Omega pants included a slit in the back for easy Alpha access.
“Such as,” Sherlock confirmed as John forced himself to sit back down.
“Oh, good. It looks presentable,” Sherlock said, coming into the room, a long and thin wooden box tucked under his arm.
“That’s good.”
The lift pinged and opened to a very small hallway with a sleek black door and a fingerprint scanner for a lock. Sherlock pressed John’s fingers into the scanner before John managed a protest and held them there until it lit up green and popped the lock. Sherlock let go of John’s hand and stepped into a hotel suite that ate up the entire floor.
“I couldn’t just leave him on the landing. You boys really should set some chairs out if you’re expecting Omega visitors. It's such an awful feeling to come home to another Omega’s scent in your flat and one so young too with you at your age.”
Sherlock pulled his gloves on. “Hardly. No reason to hang around if you found us a lead.”
“You didn’t buy it for yourself. A gift?”
“Well, I’m here. Start asking me questions,” Liz demanded.
But the memory was there.
“Have you?”
John was a bit ashamed that for a brief moment he had considered Ayla’s offer. She was pretty with lovely tan skin and large black eyes and wore bright red lipstick. That always got him. He loved it when women went down on him wearing lipstick, seeing it being smudged off as they bobbed.
Sharply, John regarded Sherlock.
Baker Street always burst with Sherlock’s spiced earthy scent and under that, nestled beneath the darker notes, was John’s. That was why he was awake. Another scent had crept in, overriding his. The hair on the back of his neck stood up. Unacceptable.
“The suit looks like new money.”
“Have you seen any you like?” Sherlock asked.
The first one looked too much like Sherlock; thin and tall and dark brown hair and eyes stuck in the in-between of colors. The second was handsome in the typical Alpha way, sturdy shoulders, a strong jaw, and he was still on the thin side but John spotted the outline of defied muscles. That wouldn’t do. John never made it far without needing to stop anymore. He had to have as much control as possible. He should’ve selected females only on the intake form.
“How about Mrs. Hudson?”
“Right.”
John should have. Years ago. In a flat in Chelmsford. Harry too, for that matter.
“Just drink it.”
“Really,” John said.
Sherlock held himself above John, rapidly blinking and searching John’s face. Carefully, he let John’s legs down to rest on the floor. He tucked John’s robe back around him and he scented the air several times.
He had suffered through every Alpha doing a double-take as they passed his office door at the clinic. A few of them poked their head into the room with a confused expression as they spotted John instead of an obvious Omega. In an indoor space his scent had been like a beacon despite the diffusers that spritzed the hallway on timed intervals. That had continued for a good hour until a break in-between patients gave John enough time to completely neutralize it.
“Doctor?” Jenny asked weakly.
John couldn’t look at the mirror. He’d see the two of them standing side by side looking like something he’d never entertained having. And there was also. He slid his fingers under the sapphires, watching them glitter. If other people saw him like this. He swallowed and dropped the necklace.
John put the sandwich down and folded it back in its wrapping. He cleared his throat.
The dildo moved, in a tortuous rubbing motion, pulling the knot against his prostrate. He felt every rib of rubber go back and forth, pressing his passage open and kneading into his O-gland, breaking him open on his bed with Alpha gently tracing his fingers over John’s prick.
“Don’t worry,” John added. “Neither of us are inclined to share your, uh, preferences.”
“John,” Sherlock warned. “Stay seated.”
Mrs. Taylor shook her head. “There’s no one. First A/O carrier in several generations. We almost didn’t get the test, to be honest. Thought there was no point. But the doctors insisted.”
“Oh. Wasn’t there a film about that last year?”
Sherlock made no movement to pull off the shirt. How did Sherlock not understand? Why was he still in the bloody piece of clothing? John smothered him, dropping all his weight right on Sherlock’s sternum. Sherlock let out a choked cough and he gasped. Good. It bought John a bit of time while Sherlock caught his breath.
“No. Straps to tie him down.”
“A rather temperamental experiment. I can have it cleaned out by tomorrow.”
Alpha pheromones were undeniable. There was no replacement for them. Or the large hot prick that stretched him to the point of breaking, to where all he could do was lay there and let his muscles contract and contract as he blacked out, pleasure rippling over his entire body.
He had watched Harry collapse under it until her only solace was being pissed off her arse. John, in turn, had chosen the army. He wasn’t sure which was worse, honestly. He leaned forward, balancing his elbows on his knees, and looked Oliver straight in the eyes, even as Oliver’s jumped around, too nervous to face either him or Sherlock.
The room was simple with pale patterned wallpaper and a window for the furthest wall that looked out to a manicured garden. A dark wood table rested at its heart with two silk padded benches with low backs on either side. Finn sat on the left, in a trim blue suit and a white shirt, undone at his collar. Finn stood up, a delighted smile spreading over his face.
Sherlock’s cum was making John’s robe stick to his stomach.
“Do you plan to bond? Is Sherlock?”
John shook his head, several times. “No. You’ve got to be joking. Your son is dead, hm? He died while he was in heat, completely vulnerable and dependent on other people to keep him safe. That is not business. Your son is not business.”
“Really?”
Sherlock fucking John on his fingers, thrusting them in and out, in the same precise brutal pace he was now using on his prick. He’d spread John’s arsehole wide as he added more, blunting into John’s inner muscles as his arse sucked and clenched and begged for more, slick dripping down Sherlock’s pale skin the faster he went.
The chaperone did and only handed it over after some persuading. John thanked the both of them, ordered another round of whiskey, drank it, and then said his goodbyes. Spending his night hunkered at a bar while Sherlock did whatever with the Omega was not his idea of a good time.
“You?”
“Right this way, sir. Would you like to use the umbrella, sir?”
“So. Right. You don’t think Asther was responsible?”
“When he gets older and his scent matures, the frequency should go down.” Sherlock only actively scented a handful of objects in the flat; his violin, his chair, the skull, and John when he could get away with it. “He’ll produce enough pheromones to naturally fill his space. That will happen when he hits puberty.”
“It’s all for you.”
“Navy, I should think,” Sherlock said. He took his coat off and draped it over the back of one of the two chairs in the room. He sat down and leaned forward, utterly focused on the two of them.
“What I did, was it not good?” Sherlock asked.
“Johnny. Get up. Come greet our guest,” Hamish ordered. He snapped his fingers.
“Where’d you get one?”
“Yeah.”
Be good, Johnny.
“You’ll find nothing. Oh. And.” Sherlock grabbed John’s work bag from John's shoulder and slung it over his own. He captured John’s hand and tugged John forward as he leaned down and whispered into John’s ear. “You need to act like an Omega for at least ten minutes.”
“We’ll just have to avoid that in the future. I can synthesize a scent for us. Probably. I’ll need some of your ejaculate and I’ll need to run tests. Hold still, John. I’ll be right back.”
Hamish who had still shown up to rugby matches and bought icelollys in the summer even if he was pissed off his arse and taking Alpha’s bids for John’s heats. Harry who had stayed constant for a few years until drinking became more important than ‘Johnny’s cunt’ problem. Alpha’s who he thought enjoyed John turning into Alphas who just wanted to fuck an Omega and get their sodding knot off.
John tore at the shirt, letting his nails dig all the way through to skin. The shirt needed to be off. The scent needed to be scoured. If Sherlock bled, that was fine. He was always injuring himself on cases, had to have eight stitches last month and Alphas healed fast. A bloke in the army had his broken arm heal in one week instead of the normal six Betas required.
John started choking on his steak.
“Yeah,” John admitted. “When I said that in primary, I got taken out back and beaten behind a skip for defending my sister going on a date with another Alpha and I know she’s lucky. She can go on dates without people staring. But it is better. I know it doesn’t seem like it.  But it's fucking loads better. And it's going to keep getting better. Do you understand?”
Bloody decades, since he had lived in a space that smelled like him. He didn’t know what that would do to him now if the flat smelled like Sherlock and him together. Like bondmates. He was already struggling to parse out his elevated reactions to Sherlock that had revved up exponentially in the last week.
“You insult me and mine,” Mrs. Talbot rumbled.
“We need milk,” Sherlock said.
John coughed to hide a laugh. He sat down on the other armchair. A servant hurried over with a portable diffuser and set it at John’s feet, turning it on max setting and allowing puffs of steam to curl over his legs.
John had.
Sherlock’s scent shifted and John’s own scent was changing to answer it. He shifted, feeling the drag of his own cock against his robe and the slick gathering in his arse. The arousal bloomed between them, heady, but not enough. John looked up. Sherlock’s eyes were almost black and his cheeks flushed. John preened. He’d done that. Not this other Omega.
John brushed Sherlock’s hand aside and started toward the door. A stray scent caught John’s attention. He stopped walking and sniffed.
Sherlock flickered a smile. “Please spare me of any details when you come home.”
John blinked through the gray of the evening, unable to pick out whatever clever dick thought it would be a lark to call John ‘Mr. Holmes.’
Sherlock was a breath of fresh air. John wanted to bury himself in it. Sherlock glowered down at the two of them, eyes bouncing back and forth before they narrowed and he lightly sniffed. His lips curled in a snarl.
“There you go. Knowing my history should erase whatever sentiment you’re stuck on regarding my virtue.”
“Cheers,” Sherlock said and gave John a nudge.
“You put down that you liked reading crap mystery and true crime novels. I figured, since you said you were a doctor, a tablet would be easier to carry around than some of those thick novels. It’s a full sixty-four gig. Microsoft had a more expensive one but it was more like a small computer and I’m not sure if that’d be something you’d use. Or want. The tickets are well. I’d hoped you want to come see a performance. Alright?”
“Maybe an example is in order if you’re not willing to listen.”
No beta, all mistakes are my own.
Sherlock opened his mouth and John talked over him. Last thing they needed was this prolonged because they were rude. “We were about to take lunch. Perhaps we could reschedule if you feel uncomfortable broaching the subject?” John said with another stretched smile.
“I’ll never let him,” Sherlock declared after a few moments of silence.
Sherlock ignored the question and frowned. “You have a tablet.”
“Not to worry. You are not to my—inclinations.”
Mrs. Hudson touched John’s elbow. “John, dear, will you help me carry up a round of tea?”
“Mr. and Mr. Holmes?” A male voice interrupted.
“Ah.” John looked around, making sure Mrs. Talbot hadn’t snuck back in. “You think they’re hard up for money?”
Sherlock kept a firm grip on John’s neck, forcing John to continually breathe in Sherlock’s scent as Lestrade left again. Sherlock ran his free hand up and down John’s back and to the scent glands on his wrists, giving each a firm rub. It was startling how comforting it was. The last person John remembered doing that was his mum.
“What?” Her eyes flicked to John. “But, sir, you have an Omega here with you.”
“Point,” John conceded. “But this place is a bit much, isn’t it? We could have gone to. I don’t know. Harold’s. They have nice suits.”
John barely survived the next few hours. Being old and not bonded was apparently the biggest source of gossip that had come around the club in months. John found himself paraded around like a prize horse for all the other Omegas to ogle at while Emir basked in the attention of having found something new and shiny.
And John was not a Alpha who was merciful.
. Thank you for understanding who I am, John, and who I am
Sherlock sat in a chair by the balcony. John pulled his chair closer and sat opposite him, foreheads together as they held hands.
Severance.
Sherlock stood in the field and squinted. The late afternoon sun beaming down was only slightly better than the broiling noonday sun. He could see the steam rising from the ground in the horizon. It reminded him of the last time he was in London. He grimaced not wanting to remember how hot it was. Not wanting to remember all the people that walked the crowded thoroughfares. Not wanting to remember how he search each face. Each sandy blond turning silver head. Each stormy deep blue sea eyes. Not wanting to remember the several moments of hopeful wait could it be? When he thought it might be, only to be followed by the hurtful no, no it’s not. It’s not him.
Alpha pride was an even easier thing to goad than an omega’s pride at times.
Tradition decrees that before the official announcement of the death of a loved one, the head of the Pack, usually the Alpha-Patriarch must greet each direct family member with a touch and remind them of the first time they met or a dear memory as far back as possible. It was a reminder that their travel on this plane of existence has not ended yet.  The words are usually spoken out loud, but John and Sherlock, being who and what they are, made use of their unique talents instead.
It will be two days before they are seen again.
The next tear reminded John of the blink when a bulb suddenly goes out and there's an unexpected absence of light. In fact, he flicked his eyes to the desk lamp expecting to see a darkened bulb, but the lamp is fully on, its light bright in the otherwise dark room. The echo of loss amplified, but knew it was not his loss he felt now.
Perry, now a tetraplegic, confessed to the attempted kidnapping but claimed to have had no recollection of how he became so badly beaten.
“Time for you to climb Mount Watson.”  John winked playfully and grabbed his omega.
“Yes, I sense your heat coming on.” John confirmed.
He did not have a chance.
Rules that at first seemed like a good idea in the beginning. Ancient Forms are what saved Sherlock’s life and brought them together. But those same rules had now begun to chafe at John. Rules, that if held to the spirit of the law, denied so much basic rights to the Second Mate, especially an independent, unique omega like Sherlock.
“Omega Alperin is a woman. And while her alpha knows she is more than capable of doing so herself, his assistance is chivalry and appreciated by her. In case you had not noticed, my omega is a man. You would not have offered to assist any other man, presuming him to be capable of so simple a thing, unless he requested it. Yes, he is an omega male, but he is by no means too weak to move his own chair. Trust me, my omega is quite the capable man. Maybe more omega would be as capable if their alphas did not treat them as weak things in need of tight control.” John purposely let his eyes linger on the grip Carlson had on his omega’s neck before he looked to the alpha again. “Now Alpha Alperin and I were in the middle of something before the interruption. If you have any other omeganystic questions they can be discussed after hours if you like. I promise you it will be a
Alpha Carlson sat with his omega wife Irina. Carlson held a hand on the back of the omega’s neck. His fingers dug in slightly in a display of ownership completely unwarranted among Primero. John knew it was a hold used often by the various faded bruising. Every instinct in him knew the holds were not for the omega’s pleasure and felt his ire rise.
John and Oskar were once again tied, each getting thirteen correct of the sixteen parts turned currently over.
Like many things in Pack society, no matter how 'off the grid' things are meant to be kept, the attempted kidnapping and rumors of the dual patriarchal responses got out. Naturally, everyone in the pack denied everything. The official story: The worried parents found their daughter wandering the streets via her tracker and brought her home. They officially called Lestrade who, as a cop and a member of the family, had turned it over to Metro police. Donna surprised even her parents with her steadfastness as she looked her interviewers in the face and tearfully said she could not recall how she got out of the van or anything else before her parents found her.
The sandy blond turning silver head was attached to the compact form of someone who limped. Sherlock could just make out that the person carried something on their back. Whoever they were, they had been walking for a very long time. Even from the distance Sherlock could see the figure was near the end of their endurance.
“We shall.” Oskar gave an approving nod to John.
John could not have hidden the Alpha Rut coming off him if he tried. He did not try as he let his fingers graze along the chain and over the amethyst pendant itself now nestled in Sherlock’s dark pubic hair.
The incident was among the first in what would eventually become part of the of Legends of Pack Holmes-Watson. Legends that begin with stories which may or may not be true, but nonetheless ended with the same variously worded warning:
August approached in a golden sweltering haze.
“You took our daughter in vengeance against me, not my alpha.” Sherlock, his upper body stripped down to his undershirt, growled. “You will fight me, not my alpha.”
Knowing this day would come to them does nothing to ease the pain of facing the reality of it for the very first time.
“Alphas.” Sherlock gave the proper nod in acknowledgement of Alphas entering a room, even if one was his own daughter. John knew Sherlock did not mean to, he simply could not help it. Even now, the lessons of the conduct of a proper omega beat into him from childhood, in his case literally and were a trained response nearly as knee-jerk as the habit to bless a person who sneezed. Mycroft raised a slightly surprised brow, Natalia grimaced, but said nothing. They both knew Sherlock would be annoyed to know that happened, but the fact that it happened also showed the state of his mind.
“I want to schedule an appointment next week to see how the transition is going,” she continued. “If it gets to be too much you can come in any time and we can administer some temporary blockers to help. We don’t want you to get overwhelmed.”
It wasn’t that John didn’t find men attractive. He did. He had just learned not to look, even when he noticed them. Because he did. Notice. Sherlock especially as of late.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked.
“Alfred Williams, Alfie for short. He’s served overseas for six years.”
Sherlock had only managed to break John’s skin with the top half of his teeth. It wouldn’t keep. His fingers ghosted along his scent gland. The bandage slumped down his chest. The actual punctures were hard to make out of the fist-sized bruise. He had dumped antiseptic over the entire thing without care before stumbling into the shower. It still needed to be properly cleaned. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to manage it.
It was not perfect. It was fucking awful. John scraped his nails down Sherlock’s thin trail of hair on his stomach in a warning. Sherlock took no heed to the raised marks.
“How did you get assigned to a murdered Omega case when you are clearly lacking basic knowledge on heats? Astounding.”
“Yes, but.”
“You can’t extend the prescription?”
“It’s chemistry, John.”
“In all likely hood, yes, as he forms attachments outside of you and your husband.”
“Like you need any more suits,” John said.
No. That was.
“And at the same time asked you to show up to an active crime scene.”
“Great.” Oliver fussed. “You promise?” Oliver asked them. “On both?”
John wanted to say piss off. He swallowed.
O/B couples were a rather new phenomenon, only truly developing in the modern era along with synthesized Alpha pheromones and suppressants. Betas’ inability to properly scent and produce pheromones during sex ended up with the Omega partner feeling neglected and unfulfilled and unable to reach sexual satisfaction. It led to the dissolution of the partnership in every case unless a third-party Alpha was brought in.
“There is a buzzer in the basket you can press if you need anything from the front desk.”
“You are, regrettably, a liability. If you endanger my brother—well—if you ever do turn the Watson into a Holmes, that protection will also be afforded to you. Until then, please remember what I’ve asked of you.”
He scrolled down to the next.
“The food is getting cold. Get dressed.”
“And you are?”
“If the two of you would like to come in? It's something that is best discussed inside.”
John smiled thinly. “Then I have nothing to worry about. And I don’t plan on it. Spending my heats here.”
“You’re rather quick to move on, hardly more than seven hours since you’re heat broke.”
“Just to clarify, you want me to wear this?”
Heavily, John sat back down on the examination table. Omega specialists had been telling him his suppressants would fail since he had started taking them. They were only supposed to be an interim between presenting and finding a bondmate to naturally regulate his hormones. At twenty-five he had been told he was very lucky they still worked at all. Then, at thirty, that it was a straight-up miracle they had lasted.
John shook his head. “Too many medical concerns. I still have a few days left. And then probably a bit more as my body adjusts.”
“Sherlock.”
John forced his shoulders back.
Scenting had been the first Omega instinct John had actively forced himself to unlearn after he fully presented. He had learned the hard way that it didn’t matter if he scoured his skin with neutralizer and drenched himself in Beta cologne if he shoved his scent around like an advert. Hamish had inadvertently spurred it on by gifting Alphas John’s favorite toys. He still vividly remembered eating breakfast only to look up and have an Alpha looming over him, with his Rubix cube clutched against their chest.
“Yes, but the gray will do just fine.”
An impressed smile curved John’s lips. The deductions always got him, even the easy ones.  He set the tablet aside. “How long did that take you, ten seconds?”
“I don’t care. Not really.”
“What did you do?” Sherlock demanded of Mycroft.
“I’ve worked hard on mine. You can read it.”
The rest of the collar pulled off as John yanked hard. It would all just have to go. Every single stitch. John tossed it in the fireplace and he needed to just bring out the matches and Sherlock would never be able to wear it ever again.
He covered the bite with his hand. The other problem was Sherlock. Parsing that out was too much. He slumped down the tub until he was able to toe-off the water. He stared at the showerhead, watching as the last vestiges of water collected and dropped.
John let out a gust of air and ran his hand over his face. Of course, she was right.
“I’m not old,” John snapped.
“I want to enjoy a dinner with the happy newly-weds. Such a cheery occasion.”
“What? They found an Omega because I’m too delicate to have strange Alphas talking to me in our drawing-room the day before my heat. Do you have any other time-wasting requests you wish to submit?”
“Yeah. Two.”
John scraped at the mask straps.
“Already had my go at it.”
“Shut it. You do this or you piss off. Really.”
“No. It's fine.”
John looked to the ceiling. “Sherlock. Why are we discussing my—” John made a gesture down to his crotch.
It was harder to deal with the dead Omega in this room if John was honest with himself. In Afghanistan, everything was always just a bit fucked. It was expected.
Sherlock had noticed. Christ. He had noticed. He probably had this morning too. He needed to learn better control. He refused to jeopardize his relationship with Sherlock over his growing jumble of hormones.
“No. I want to help. Keep going,” Liz instructed.
Sherlock sat in his chair with the Belstaff draped half over his head. His bottom lip peaked out and he sucked on the heavy fabric. His adam’s apple bobbed with every swallow and his head fell further back, chasing the remaining pheromones on the coat. His legs were spread wide and his cock jutted straight up, casting its own impressive shadow over his taught stomach. It jerked in his hands, completely flushed, and straining. Precum dripped out.
“Stay with the dead body for one,” Lestrade said. “You’re making yourself look bad.”
Carefully, John picked out and donned his bathrobe from his wardrobe and headed downstairs. He paused on the landing before hesitantly stepping into the sitting room and nearly stepping right back out. Sherlock’s scent drenched the main parts of the flat. Anyone with a hint of a nose would know this was Alpha territory and that was perfect and terrifying and overwhelming and exactly what he needed.
“Well, all good then. It’s nothing to worry about,” John assured. It was basic, in fact. “A/O children born to Beta couples often show early signs of scenting and territory marking.”
“Do give me some credit,” Mycroft said with a thin smile. “The Alpha sitting behind us is currently enjoying a quick handie, as they say, from his business partner’s son. The Beta two rows over is here with one of her affair partners.”
“That’s a bit personal.”
Or get a grip.
Part of John had wanted to be good. He had. He wanted his pack Alphas to be proud of him. For the Alphas who showed up trying to scent him to care about him. It would have been nice to be a good Omega.
“The question is,” Sherlock murmured, his eyes scanning the room. “Why isn’t the Alpha paying them off? An average contract in the UK starts at £100,000,000, that’s the least the Talbots could expect from the death of their son.”
“Unless you feel like dealing with my dead body, which I’m sure you’d have a laugh of a time with, having a real heat here is just not on.”
Fast then slow than not at all.
“Hm. You know,” John said when Noah had left. “Now that I’ve had about twenty minutes to think about it, I think I like Watson over Holmes. Mr. and Mr. Watson sounds much better than Mr. and Mr. Holmes.”
John stared dumbly down at it. Why would Sherlock’s scarf smell like an Omega? He tried to reign himself in. The explanation was probably obvious. He picked it up and walked into the kitchen. He dropped it into the sink, amongst the washing up from yesterday, and turned on the faucet.
John fled to his room.
Just best to avoid it altogether.
“The doctor’s signature is a squiggle.”
“Here we are,” Sherlock said, drawing them up to the reception desk. “Hello!”
“No,” John said.
He got on with it.
Mrs. Hudson slapped Sherlock’s hand away from the food. “Sherlock!” She scolded. “John eats first. Really, do you not have any care for your Omega?”
Sam opened the door and John slid into the room.
“Will he do it to other people?”
“Pity.”
“Mr. Talbot prefers his privacy.” Mrs. Talbot sat them down in the sitting room.  “Tea?”
The deeply Omega part of John wrenched itself in-between two polarizing reactions, giving him whiplash. He hated it. Control was illuding him. He desperately wanted to preen, to frame the bite on his shoulder and hang the picture in the flat. He’d make a blog post about it for people to read and finally buy those rubbish shirts designed to show off his scent gland. People should be jealous. After years and years of nothing an Alpha had finally taken notice enough to try and bond him.
What a stupid question. He already knew the answer.
“No, you didn’t. You thought I was going to say no.”
“Nothing else?”
“I would refrain from speaking. You are downgrading your intelligence. I don’t know why I expect better from you.”
“How long does it normally take?” John asked. He turned towards the mirrors.
“We’re already missing the dinner service.”
Ayla shrugged. “If he bonded, it's alright. If not. Well, it happens, doesn’t it? All his parents have to do is say no. It’s hard to know, isn’t it?
“Is Mr. Holmes alright?” Noah asked. He threaded several pins in the back of the jacket.
Sherlock grabbed Mycroft’s water and dumped it right over the paper.
“Liz—” Theo tried again.
“Alright.”
Sherlock looked momentarily unsure. “I thought you’d prefer this over another scenting.
“My childhood may have been vastly different in most aspects, but I expect in some, it was startlingly similar. I believe we both received unwanted attention when we allowed ourselves to scent after we hit puberty.”
Of course, Mycroft knew how often John talked to Harry. Why wouldn’t he?
John couldn’t be losing control over such simple things, especially when they had a case on. There wasn’t anything worse than imagining Sherlock telling him he didn’t suit the work anymore.  And if it took finding an Alpha to shove a cock up his arse to help him mellow out, he could manage it.
“If I was younger, I’d be out for the full week every month. The first few months will be the worst. After that, they’ll settle. I’m older so, my heats, in theory, will be shorter not the week-long slog. Probably more around a few days. And seeing how little I already work; I’d thought it would be easy to adjust around.”
“Is that how much you pay for yours?” John asked.
“No, don’t think so,” John called back.
“I’m going to get sacked,” Lestrade muttered as he walked away to get them masks and suit covers.
“We’re having a bit of a lie-in the last few days.”
