“You’re gonna have to make more than one,” he says. “‘Cause I’m gonna need at least half as payment.”
“God, honey, is food all you think about?”
"All fifty seven of them, you sap. I don't know how I put up with you."
Warnings: NONE.
Hours later, Steve closes his burning, tear-stained eyes, and lets sleep take him too.
Steve looks at Tony, and then back at her. “No, ma’am,” he says, and Tony wonders if she notices how Steve moves just a little bit closer to him. “Your son did.”
“Well, they’re about you, so yeah,” Tony dares to say.
Which is probably why the ‘
“Make me,” he says, and Steve does, turning him around until their mouths meet in a slow, languid kiss. Tony loses himself in every swipe of Steve’s lips against his own with an ease that he knows will never fade, and presses his chest as far into Steve’s as it will go, their hands still together between them.
“Tony, I told you,” Steve points at him, “since you told me about this. You know..” his voice breaks, “you know I’ve been--”
. I’d tell him that I would sleep another hundred years, a thousand, as long as you were on the other side of ‘em.”
The chuckles turn to full-blown laughter, and Angel just looks over his shoulder.
“And I still know it’s bullshit.”
“You damn well better.”
Tony can’t summon up a response, doesn’t want to do anything except sit there and count the rise and fall of his Captain’s chest. There’s a flash of red hair in his periphery, and he only just registers Natasha’s hand resting on his shoulder.
“I’ll, uh, see what I can do,” the Captain says, and his grin is pure sin.
“How-- how is that equal?” Steve stutters.
my home. I wanna marry you because I want you to never doubt that I’ve got you. For as long as I’m breathing, I’ve got you, baby.” He’s almost breathless by the time he’s done, but when he opens the little black box and holds it up to the love of his life, his hands are no longer shaking.
. He takes Steve’s face in his hand and kisses back, slowly and more gently than he’d ever expected any of their first kisses to be– and he’s imagined so many, he’s lost count.
Warnings: NONE.
“I’m not…” Tony shakes his head, eyes closing as he nuzzles into Steve’s pillow. “
Steve frowns. “Whoa, hey, Tony, no–”
Steve.
“It wasn’t supposed to be that long,” Steve points out, sparing their young charges a glance. “Blame the SHIELD lackeys–”
Tony frowns. "Why would I tell you I'm going to lunch with Cap?"
“And what’d that be?”
“How can I do that when I love you?”
“You’re eating macaroni again,
“I damn well hope so, for the price I paid—”
“Mama said cookies spoil y’dinner,” Steve tells him, eyes big and blue, and so trusting, they make Tony’s chest warm. “We hafta eat
he is–”
“About how you almost died? Yeah, sure, why the fuck would we talk about
Which is why he almost misses Blondie as he’s making his way back to the outskirts of campus. But really, in hindsight, those shoulders would be impossible to miss.
“Well,” Steve bites his lip, and meets Tony’s gaze head on. “I do feel a little lightheaded, but… that might be because you’re so gorgeous.”
“Nat’s called both of us worse things.”
“Yeah, I know,” Tony says, and falls asleep to the feel of Steve’s fingers around his own.
Ever.
Steve catches Tony’s eye and nods, and with a sigh that’s almost a groan, Tony holds out his arms to take Rhodey. “I think you are,” he tries cooing, taking a cue from his Captain. “You had fun today, didn’t you?”
“It’s almost six, sweetheart,” Steve laughs, and Tony feels him press a kiss to the top of his head. “Half the team’s probably up already.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Neither am I, you know that, right?”
“I didn’t call you down here so you could speak,” Fury grumbles. “I called you here because--”
Steve does as he’s told, but when he catches the faint smile on Rhodey’s face–and on Bucky’s, and everyone else, frankly– he doesn’t feel a single shred of regret.
“Obviously. I think. But this isn’t it. This is.. this is good weird. I mean, seriously, Steve, my arms are actually touching each other behind your shoulders!”
“It’s wonderful. And you wanna know what the best part is?”
“Scout’s honor,” he nods, shaking her hand. “Nice to meet you, Ms…”
by leaning in to press a kiss to his cheek. It’s warm and short, and Tony will deny the way his knees go weak until his dying day.
“You did,” Steve nods. “But for your own good, don’t touch anything. Please?” He widens his eyes innocently, even as Tony catches the knowing quirk of his lips.
‘Tis the season, after all.
, but–
-- you j-jerk, I’m-- I’m gonna kill you,” he gasps, but can barely get the words out through his laughter, and Natasha knows Steve is pretending he didn’t hear the genius’ warning.
“Some things never change.”
Steve shuffles where he stands, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony giggles at the faint jingling of the bells attached to his bright green shoes.
“An’ he’s not our real mommy, but we don’t have mommies an’ he’s like our mommy.”
“Yeah?” Tony asks breathlessly.
“Gahh!” She says loudly, and Tony barely hears Pepper laughing as he pulls away slightly to look at his daughter. The weight is chest still aches– perhaps even more so, because of how much she reminds him of Steve– but he can’t but marvel at every single thing he sees; the wispy curls framing her cherubic little face, the gummy grin she’s giving him, even the baby blue socks covering her wiggling feet– it’s like he’s suddenly seeing her for the first time, and he feels faint, whisper-soft tendrils of warmth begin to bloom in his chest.
Steve’s fingers tighten against his own. “Like I’d ever let you go.”
“Tony–-”
March Prompt #16: “You’re not getting rid of me that easy.”
... Christmas is for family.”
“Ankle’s definitely broken. Sorry.”
“Thanks,” Steve smiles, but Tony can see the forced quirk of his lips for what it is.
“I always make sense. I’m Captain America.”
“Yeah, okay,” Tony sighs. “What’d you put in there, though? Milk?”
“Pan-cakes! Pan-cakes!”
“It’s not so much Coney Island as it is the fact that I’m here with you.”
"You like sap, Tony."
“Is that why they think we’re dating?”
“And if he were here now,” Steve continues, “ I’d tell him that you’re my best friend, and the best part of my day. I’d tell him that not a day goes by where I don’t thank God for having you in my life, and that there are times– more than I could ever count– when I think
“There you go,” Tony says, setting her down on the ground with another kiss to her head. “Go get him, pumpkin.”
Steve bites his lip around a smile. “You always this bold, Tony Stark?”
The team is thankfully, blessedly quiet, and when Tony sneaks a peek through the rear view mirror, he almost groans in relief when he confirms they’re all asleep. “You really have to ask?”
Steve’s grin is bright and hopeful, and the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. “I’m too impatient--”
“Both of us,” he answers, and lifts his head until his forehead meets the blond’s.
Tony tries and fails to ignore the lump in his throat. “Steve...”
Steve nods, and knows Tony’s smile will stay with him for days.
“Yeah, well, when I can decorate my apartment–”
“If you keep looking at me like that, we won’t make it to a bed.”
“What the f--”
“She still hasn’t let me forget it, y’know. Boy scout, my ass– you’re a menace, Rogers.”
Rhodey curses as some of it falls into his lap, but Tony barely hears him. Barely hears anything around him because he just heard his thinking voice, inside the coffee shop.
But he doesn’t, because then Nat goes up and places hers right at the top of the little pile on Tony’s hands.
“Says the genius who queued up texts so that I would know how far away we were from each other every hour of your flight.”
- - - - -
“Can’t top what I’ve got right here anyhow,” Steve jostles him, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony rolls his eyes before tucking his face back into Steve’s shoulder.
It’s not that Tony forgets about the guy-- he doesn’t think that’s even remotely possible. But as the day goes on, he lets his school work take over him once more, and by the time his last class is over, the only thing on his mind is getting back to his messy clutter of an apartment.
“Devious...”
“Puppy eyes.”
“Everything,” Steve replies, and even though it hadn’t seemed possible a second earlier, he manages to pull Tony in closer than they already were. “I just...”
"Hey lovebirds!" This time, it's Rhodey calling them. "Food's going fast, so get your asses up and over here!"
“Please,” Tony rolls his eyes, biting back the groan at the pain that shoots through his skull. “I dun’ even know you, ‘n I know y’ve got no poker face. Those eyes...”
“Steve.
Pepper nods. “After you finish that pile.”
Barnes groans. “I hate you...”
“Only Cap gets to do that now,” Tony winks, and laughs at the echo of groans that ripples around the room.
“How’s the gang?”
Tony’s laugh is weak and wet. “I’m here, so definitely not.”
“‘e d-dared me t’take a picture,” Barnes mutters, miming the action a second later, “with Santaaaaa--”
“Wait, just… let me finish, sweetheart?”
Except it is.
“Steve?”
"It was supposed to be your present!”
Decorations don’t take long to complete after that— most of them are only shoulder height, but she’s pleased to see them stay up that way— and by the time the custom-made Captain America tier cake arrives, only minutes before Tony announces Steve’s arrival, Pepper thinks she might even feel as excited as the rest.
Tony narrows his eyes even he feels his heart melt a little at the adorable furrow in the blond’s brow as he devotes Captain America levels of concentration to winning the race. “Didn’t think you’d get so serious about MarioKart, Cap.”
Steve cups his face, and kisses him again. “I love you so much. So damn much.”
“It’s our turn to host Tony,” Steve says, throwing a damp towel his way. “I don’t hear you complaining when we go over to Nat’s for Stroganoff-- and by the way, I’m not standing on a chair to clean the ceiling.”
“Tea’s
They keep whispering after that, but Bucky doesn’t bother trying to make out what they say anymore, but he falls asleep feeling lighter than he has in a long time.
Steve scoffs. “Why would I do th–” he starts to ask, but then he turns, and meets Tony’s eyes.
“Did you find–hey, no, Cap, a little to the left… Perfect.” he tells Steve, who sets the tree back down with a bright, boyish grin, and Tony’s chest blooms with a familiar, all-encompassing warmth.
“You’re a fucking asshole,” Tony grumbles, stuffing his hands in his coat pockets as he follows the other boy into a crowded row of bleachers. “I shoulda just come here by myself.”
The two notes have been stuck to the window the entire time, and most of their students have stopped to read them at one point or another, so there’s more attention this time around.
“I thought you were a genius.”
“Still hung up on High School Musical, huh? But I’m not playing anything from this century yet. Call back in…” Steve looks up at the clock, “about half an hour.”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #25: “It’s not what it looks like.”
There’s a moment of absolute silence as he sees Tony’s eyes widen in realization, and then Steve
Tony does the same even as he rolls his eyes. “I’m holding you to that.”
Tony can’t remember the last time he smiled so hard. He wants to take every single note up there and keep them in his drawer, but no.
“Awww, brownie cake,” Tony grins. “I always knew you wanted to get all up on this,” he gestures to himself, chuckling when Natasha tug his collar a little too hard. “But you snooze, you lose! Only Cap gets to tap this ass now–”
Tony breathes in, and breathes out. “His name is Steve Rogers, he's an art teacher and his class is right next to mine. And don't bother running a background check, I did it as soon as we met. But... god, I’m gonna need you to hear me out, ‘kay Pep? Just— just don’t say anything until I’m done.”
Tony sighs. "This... It's not-- not new...”
“Same here.”
“You hungry?” Steve asks, and Tony’s stomach rumbles before he can reply. “I’ve got your burger in the grill, you came just in time. Medium, right?”
Steve nods.
the other voice cackles of delight.
“It’s not like it’s a secret,” Steve says.
Steve nods. “I can take care of myself, y’know. Even like this,” he points to his scrawny self.
Tony shakes his head, every nerve of his body positively bursting with love. “Feels like I am,” he admits. “Pinch me?”
“Takin’ the Lord’s name in vain, Cap? You must really be pissed–”
“Correction,” Tony points at Steve. “It’s technically
“Doesn’t have to,” Steve says softly, and then points to the cupcakes. “I didn’t know which kind you like, but I figured you can’t go wrong with chocolate.”
“Football’s the best.”
Looking up from the veritable mountain of paperwork on her desk, Pepper’s lips curl up fondly at Tony’s words, and at the tinge of desperation that’s evident even through the speaker she’s hearing him from. “You always do,” she jokes, her smile growing at the laughter it prompts.
- - - - -
Steve rolls his eyes even as he chuckles, cheeks turning a delicious shade of pink. “Alright, I walked right into that one, didn’t I?”
“Santa’s s’pposed-- ‘s supposed t’smell like...” Barnes taps the iron bars thoughtfully.
he smell like?”
His voice is soft and lazy, and Steve knows he’s already lost. “You pick, I name,” he sighs.
You two were ranked number one on the ‘Best Superhero Team Ups’–
“I’m pretty sure a piece of toast isn’t enough for that body of yours–” he calls out, but then the couch comes into view and he stops short.
Things only get better from there.
But then one night, Steve wakes to the sound of Tony’s sleepy mutterings, and at first, he thinks it’s the same old thing. Until he hears Tony say
,” he coos, bopping her nose until she’s a bundle of giggles once more. “We still have New Years!”
Tony shakes his head. “No, that’s just you being cocky.”
“--just because you thought it’d be a good idea to go out in the middle of a snowstorm without telling a single one of your fucking team members so that they wouldn’t panic and lose ten years of their fucking life looking for you--”
“I’m not–”
“Hey, I dunno about that, man. Remember the aquarium trip in third grade?”
“I had lunch with Sam and Bucky, but I knew you’d forget to,” Steve says, sitting down in Pepper’s chair. “You always do.”
” Steve squeaks, and when the red haired lady sitting on Steve’s other side starts laughing, Tony realizes what he just did.
“Good.”
“You’ll treat me anyway,” Steve chuckles, only to take in a sharp breath when Tony lets go and skates beyond reach. “Tony--”
God knows the rest of him doesn’t feel that way.
“Ready to go?” he asks.
“You better listen to me good, Anthony Edward Stark,” Steve squares his shoulders, and his eyes are blurry and bright, but he’s as serious as Tony’s ever seen him. “I’m not lettin’ you do this.”
“Really?”
She holds his hand between her own. “What else would I care about, hm? Now tell me-- and no lying, please. I can always tell when you’re lying.”
“You should keep it,” she suggests, all smiles and high pitched coos as she holds up the kitten right in his face.
“We don’t even have those,” Tony mutters, after a look in the refrigerator yields nothing good for either of them. “Here, just, stay here,” he sits Steve down on one of the stools, and pats his head. “Be a good little Cap and stay here, yeah?”
“--they’re like this!”
Steve nods. “I know.”
“Fun!” Thor screams from the back row, and when Rhodey echoes it with a happy cry of his own, Bruce giggles happily beside them. “Fun, fun,
“So now,” Steve continues, cheeks flushing the prettiest shade of pink Tony’s ever seen, “I’m going to sleep in. And you,” he tightens his hold, “are going to do the same.”
“Yep. Want one?”
March Prompt #14: “I don’t know what to say.”
and feels the air leave his lungs.
“I know,” Tony replies with an eye roll. “But it fucking serves you right after the shit you just pulled.”
Tony feels his cheeks flush from the sudden praise. “You mean Happy’s doing so well with Peter.”
Stony Christmas prompt #14: "Have you lost your mind?"
"Cad tá mé ag dul a dhéanamh leat?" : “what am I going to do with you?”
“Cap–”
“Seems like a small price to pay for what I’m getting.”
“And I know I’ve said some things--”
“I’m fine.”
“Nobody’s dyin’ today.”
“Wouldn’t expect any less from Captain America,” Tony moans.
The man stares expectantly for a couple of seconds, and then lets out a soft, happy laugh. “Well, what is it?”
“Has he eaten?”
“Gonna give us both grey hairs if you keep sneaking around, y’know,” he warns her. Natasha shifts her gaze to the top of his head, and Tony rolls his eyes at the knowing look she sends him. “Fine–
,” he manages to choke out between chuckles. “Y’know, I’m not kidding about the California king.”
“Peachy,” he manages to breathe out. “It’s not every day I get married, y’know.”
“I’m surprised you’re up so early,” she grumbles, because even though she has yet to check her watch, the sunlight is far too soft for a late morning.
This feeling business is not fun in the least, but Tony'll be damned if he's going to let it get in the way of the best thing he's got going for him right now. “Coulson knows I still do my work,” he says. “It’s just child’s play at this point.”
“Uh huh,” Steve nods, eyes going wide when they meet the baby’s. “Merry Christmas, baby girl.”
It’s the breeze that wakes him.
“Nothin’ wrong with ‘em, y’know,” Steve replies.
Steve nods. “Toast?” he asks tentatively, voice as soft as the morning light coming in from the large windows. It feels a little like ceasefire, and for the first time since their little Hellicarier fight, Tony accepts it.
“It’s okay,” Steve nods, but the words sound ragged and broken. “The serum… the serum’ll take care of– of th' wound. Sorry, I’m s-sorry, Tony–”
“The ice,” Tony replies, suddenly more quiet and serious than he’d been since they got here. “I know you-- you said it was fine, but, y’know. You would say that just to make ‘em happy.”
“Nope,” he replies, and holds out the envelope to the blond. “Wanna do it for me?”
“No,” Steve giggles, jumping up and down. He’s so close to the edge of the couch, Tony’s heart starts thundering in his chest– harder than it has all morning, with all the activity he’s been put through– and he takes advantage of Steve’s distraction to run up and sweep him into his arms. “
“Well... this is awkward.”
“Yeah, okay,” Tony finally whispers, and reaches out with trembling hands to pull Steve in and kiss him. “Yes, I’ll marry you, baby,” he gasps, after they pull away. “I’ll marry the fuck out of ya.”
“Hi,” he replies, and if the word comes out a little breathless, he doesn’t think anyone could blame him.
“Shhh,” Tony says again, but holds the phone over his shoulder to show Steve the screen.
“She’s not even a year old, Tony.”
“Marry me?”
“Buck--”
“I can’t believe this--”
“You know it.”
Steve just gives him an impish grin. “Merry Christmas to you too.”
“Not on your life, mister. You’re gonna help me clean up first, and then you’ll be explaining to Clint why he’s gonna have to wait longer for pancakes.”
“They’re not kids, and they’re doing a damn good job. Go take care of the Captain.”
worried,” Steve guesses.
“You’re both sickening,” Clint groans. “Shoulda known nothing’d change. Start the movie so I don’t have to listen to this shit, yeah?”
If he’s lucky, Mr. Rogers will even wave and smile in the middle of Tony’s lecture, blushing when Tony winks in return.
Steve can’t help but pull him into his lap after that. “And you know what that means?” he asks.
“You know I don’t care about any of that, right?”
“You’re my favorite thing to dray, anyhow; I don’t think I’ll ever need anything else.”
“You deserve all of it,” Tony whispers, blinking away the telltale sting at the back of his eyes. “And more.”
” Steve chokes, almost dropping the bowl of frosting in his hand as he whips around to look at Bucky.
“I know, but… You’re used to– well, nicer things, don’t deny it–”
- - - - -
“What?” Tony whispers absently, brushing his fingers along Steve’s still ones.
Steve tilts his head, just like Pepper’d done earlier. “Like what?”
“Steve--” Tony starts, but Steve shakes his head until they reach the kitchen.
“You’re up early.”
Steve sighs. “You.”
“Please.”
“Told you I was a good actor too,” is all he says, and Tony throws the plastic spoon at him when everything clicks.
When Tony wanders into the kitchen on a quiet, Sunday morning, half awake and running a hand through his tousled, greasy hair, the first thing he sees is Clint’s bright, slightly manic grin. Normally, he would think nothing of it, ignoring him in favor of going through his daily routine; but this time, the sight stops him short before he even reaches the coffee counter. There’s a gleam in the archers’s eye that’s just on the wrong side of normal.
“No,” Tony shakes his head, absolutely certain that he’s telling the truth. “No one can get their hands on any of it.”
“A kiss,” Tony replies, soft as a sigh. Bucky lets out a laugh, but Tony barely hears it through the rush of blood going straight to his cock as the Captain huffs, grabbing him roughly by the hips, and then--
“Charmer.”
Warnings: NONE.
“‘Cuz dey’re babies.”
“No you don’t,” Tony grumbles. “You wouldn’t have woken me up at ass o’clock in the morning.”
“No, Tony. Listen to me, because we’ve already had this conversation once, but you’re drunk and you always forget things when you’re drunk, so we’re havin’ it again. You’re so much more than what he thinks-- what they
be anything,” Steve replies, eyes locked onto Tony’s for an impressive amount of time before he seems to realize Tony had mentioned her too. “Either of you, of course.”
Steve doesn’t hide his grin, or his sigh. “Got something new for me this time, Mr. Stark?"
Y’know, I remember reading somewhere that you can tell a lot about a person by what kind of ice cream flavor they like best.
“Okay,” Steve replies, and his brow takes a determined edge so familiar and adorable, that Tony can’t help but kiss his cheek before walking away to call the one person he knows will pull through for him.
“Tony.”
“I’m home alone with five rowdy monsters, that’s what’s wrong. I can’t believe this was your idea, you’re usually a lot less stupid--”
Steve smiles. “No worries. And thank you for the welcome.”
Tony doesn’t mention his new friend or invite Steve over to introduce him in the weeks that follow; he’s the same gorgeous, brilliant, funny guy Steve’s pretty sure he might be half in love with. And even though he makes sure to keep up the smiles and jokes they’ve got going, his heart’s just not as into it.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony sighs. “Back atcha, handsome.”
“Whatever happens-- good, bad-- I don’t ever want you to forget that.”
“I know,” is all Tony can say, and lets out a breath when Steve’s hand reaches out towards his own screen.
“The things I do for you...” Steve mutters, and the dark gleam of anticipation in his eyes is almost enough to crumble Tony’s resolve.
Steve smirks. “
.” Tony says nothing, and there’s no way Bucky’s not taking advantage now. “Everyone and their Ma can see you two are goners. Except Steve, ‘cause he's always been so fucking blind to it.
They finally break free a couple of steps later, but neither of them has pulled away by the time they finally reach the food truck, and the curve of Steve’s smile is breathtakingly tender. “You still want two chocolates?” he asks casually, like he hasn’t sent Tony’s heartbeat skyrocketing over the course of a minute.
Tony’s laughing so hard now, he’s leaning back into Steve to keep from falling. “Fucking Christ,” he wheezes, wiping tears from his eyes, “How did I not notice you were wearing this when we went out?”
"Please?" Steve begs, tightening his hold, and just like that, something in Stark just seems to deflate.
“I’m a genius, babe,” Tony says. “I always make sense.”
“Alright, up and at ‘em. Come on,” he grunts as he picks her up, leading them out the room to the elevator down the hall. “How long’ve you been up, huh?”
“You’re being too damn smug right now, y’know?”
,” he almost yells, and feels Tony bristle. “I can’t... God, I can’t do this without you. Any of it.” His voice breaks, but he holds Tony’s gaze firmly. “I need you.”
“Uh huh!” Peter nods, wriggling excitedly as he takes turns looking at the two of them. “An’ he liked my Cap backpack, an’-- an’ Daddy! He had Cap’n ‘Merica cookies ‘an he gave us some!”
Steve hums, and keeps swaying. “I’ve been itchin’ for a dance with you, though.”
Tony shrugs, and hides his smile behind his coffee mug. “It’s how I cope. You’re not the one being left behind, so you can’t complain.”
"I can’t think of anything better than seeing you in everything she does,” Steve continues, voice soft with the same wonder Tony sees in his eyes as he looks at her.
“...That’s enough apples.”
Tony doesn’t know how he gets to Steve’s house.
lights up Tony’s blood, and he brings up a hand to cup the back of Steve’s neck as he kisses back. The swipe of their lips against each other is soft and tender, better than anything Tony’s ever imagined.
“Pleasure to meet you, Steve,” Tony says, as he sets about cleaning the wound. “I’m Dr. Stark.“
“Just because I love you, then,” Tony grins, and then chuckles when Pepper kisses his cheek.
them.”
“It’s ‘cause I’m such a good man--”
“No, you’re not--”
“Huh?”
baby videos, to be exact.”
"Fuck," Tony's voice shakes, big brown eyes running over every part of Steve's face like he suddenly can't get enough of him. "You are just..."
“Okay, somewhere in my mind there’s a little voice saying ‘Steve’s right’,” Tony grumbles, “but right now, I’m really not seeing how.”
Steve takes a step forward. “Tony…”
“Yeah, Buck,” Steve’s smile is warm and fond, and there in their little piece of Christmas tree heaven, Tony doesn’t think either of them’s ever been happier.
“It was fun while it lasted.”
“What’s up, buttercup?”
“Y’know how far under we are?”
,” he whispers, shoulders heaving with every breath he takes, but apart from the slight softening of her green eyes, she doesn’t budge.
No problem, kiddo. It’d be a tragedy if we didn’t get a close up of Steve’s beard.
Steve’s smile is all he can see. “I love you too.”
“Oh yeah. A couple of hours ago, actually.”
“Ride one every weekend–”
“Jarvis?” he calls out, puling himself off the couch with a weary groan. “C’mere, Jay.”
- - - - -
“I see it,
“No, ’m Steeb!” He pouts, and James’ loud cackles echo from the kitchen. From his perch beside Steve, little Tony stares at her in confusion, cuddling the Captain America plush in his arms closer to his chest.
“It might’ve been that time Steve was telling me all the dirt Romanoff has about Coulson’s frankly disturbing Captain America shrine—”
“Not working alone, then,” he guesses. “Not that I don’t think you could. I’m sure you’re more than competent, underneath all that—”
“You think you’re better than me all of a sudden?” Ty’s face hardens to a sneer. “So quick to be a goody-two-shoes now that the folks are gone?”
“Steve…” Tony whispers, and he doesn’t know what else to say, but in that moment, he thinks he’d give everything he has to make Steve smile again.
“Not much better,” Tony grimaces. “But I still love you, princess.”
“This morning. I do it every day, babe, even when I’m all by my lonesome.” Tony hears Steve’s sigh, low and tinny, and closes his eyes at the familiar pang of longing. “I miss you.”
,” he hears, clear above the chaos and the pulsing in his brain. “
“You can thank
Bucky looks at the bowl, then at the rest of the ingredients scattered around it. “Y’know how to bake?”
Tony’s smile is small, and more than a little weak, but as Steve returns it with one of his own, he feels warmer than he has in days.
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead.”
“You’re... you’re unreal,” he breathes out, the world outside Steve’s arms fading further by the second.
It happens again, after that.
Trust me, he already knew.
“That was fun.”
“To be fair,” Tony points out, “I only had three drinks over at The Venetian.”
“Language,” Steve tells him, but then he pats Tony’s chest one more time before leaning back against the cushions, and Natasha can’t hide her smile as the genius practically spreads himself out on top of Steve, head resting on the blond’s chest.
“Wouldn’t mean a thing without you, though,” Steve says.
“I like the sound of that,” Tony breathes out. Steve’s hands have wandered underneath his shirt, and the whisper soft touch of his fingers along Tony’s spine is maddening.
Tony’s pretty sure that’s a result of them being newly married– and god, he’s so fucking hard right now, he’s seconds away from coming in his pants, but he thinks he might cry (again) at how that word makes him feel…
“It’s nice, though, isn’t it? I’ve always loved this time of day.”
Because having Steve as his neighbor is the best.
“That’s--”
“So I’m thinking hot rod red. With a touch of gold.”
“Steve Rogers, nice to meet ya,” he grins, and
“‘m not droolin’,” Tony mumbles. Steve’s face is bright red and he keeps looking away every couple of seconds, though, so maybe he is, but he just got hit with a football, for god’s sake, so
“Yeah,” is all Tony can say.
“Shut up,” Tony says, slapping a hand over Steve’s mouth. “God, hon, this is... this is
- - - - -
“Don’t you wanna go see it?”
“Fuck yeah,” Tony can’t help smiling, because the machine finally gives him his honey bun and Steve sounds really happy about the trip, and now Tony’s thinking about it, too. It’s always there, in the back of his mind-- sometimes, it feels like the light at the end of the tunnel, as cheesy as that is, because he’s still looking forward to it
“Tony–”
Really.
Still, ‘used to it’ sure as hell doesn’t mean ‘likes it’, and it definitely doesn’t mean he’s ever going to get used to that small, sudden jolt of fear he feels every fucking time he realizes he’s been kidnapped.
“You don’t gotta sound so enthusiastic,” Steve laughs, but when they walk out their door, his hand is warm and perfect around Tony’s.
"Well, I've got one more," Steve reaches into a belt pocket and takes out a rumpled, slightly faded blue sticky note.
Steve’s jaw hardens. “That doesn’t–” he makes a noise somewhere between a grunt and a sigh. “That just makes it worse, Jesus…”
“Am I in heaven?” Steve mumbles, one corner of his lips raised in a faint smirk.
“He’s gonna be okay, right?”
“Wh– Pep?”
God, he
“I’m makin’ Carbonara.”
And those arms.
say whenever,” Tony shrugs.
The questions hits Tony like a slap in the face, and even the relief he feels is quickly drowned out by anger. “I’m so fucking pissed at you,” he hisses.
“We’re gonna teach ‘em what it’s like to mess with one of ours, that’s what,” Bucky growls.
“Milk,” is all Tony says, hand stretched out expectantly.
——–-—
“So, a little bird told me you wanted to buy me a drink?”
100K WORDS!!! KASJDHFKSDHGKSJDHGKAHDAGKJK I can't believe I've reached this point. I wanna thank you guys so much for all the support. Y'all ROCK! <3<3
, and really, it’s shouldn’t be so damn hard, but I-- I can’t screw this up, I can’t.”
“It’s
"Fine, I'll share--for a price."
“We didn’t…” Is all he can say, and feels his eyes burn yet again as he shakes his head.
Tony catches Steve’s gaze when their team huddles up, holding hands as they weave in and out the tree lines. “Go after ‘em, big guy,” he says. “they’re all yours today.”
“Jealous ‘cause you didn’t win?” Steve chuckles, and Tony pulls away to glare at him.
“It’s pastrami.”
“I’m not going out to buy all the shit he needs,” he sighs, because fighting Pepper almost never ends well.
“We can leave, if you want.”
Tony doesn’t miss the faint uncertainty in the man’s voice, as if he were afraid of what he’ll be told. He thinks about playing it off, and flirting his way into the Captain’s arms– and maybe even his bed– but instead, he opens his mouth and–
“Tell me!”
“Thanks for the help,” Tony grumbles, even as he makes grabby hands at both. “What the f–” Wilson clears his throat, “
Tony lifts a hand from Steve’s back and flips him off, and it’s not long before everyone’s attention is on the screen.
He’s managed to put the incident in the back of his mind by noon, but damn it, he should’ve known better.
It feels like
“Why can’t they see how much you do?” Steve’s voice breaks with so much rage and heartbreak, it almost brings Tony to tears. “Why is your worth even a question?”
Alright, well, I always start out with a little game I like to call ‘A Few of My Favorite Things’.
” Tony says, soft and warm, and Steve feels them all the way to the station.
Tony doesn’t bother apologizing. “I mean yeah, I knew, but I didn’t...
Tony just keeps rocking. “Well, don’t you wanna have fun again tomorrow?”
“Bring them in, then,” he sighs, waving his hand at the door, and the two men that enter are shorter than him, but in no way small. Tony wonders if there’ll ever be anyone not taller than him.
“Uh huh!”
Tony’s so screwed.
He doesn’t know how they stand there-- doesn’t know anything other than the slow, lazy drag of Steve’s lips against his-- but eventually, he has to pull back to find his breath. “Oh fuck,” he gasps, and then moans when Steve’s mouth follows after him. “Oh f--
A chuckle climbs its way up Tony’s throat, leaving him before he can stop it, and he looks down at Natasha. “I don’t know whether to thank Loki, next time we see him, or kick his ass.”
“Sure you do, Tweety bird,” he says, “now why don’t you get over here and help me string all this popcorn, huh?”
“Well, obviously,” Tony huffs, cocking his hip into the messy counter beside him. There’s a glob of it on his shoulder, too, but he holds off on wiping it away, even though it’s itchy. “Turns out whisks are messy.”
“I’m sorry, Tony, I can’t.”
“JARBIS,” Natasha whispers, snuggling further into the bedcovers. Her hair is a riot of curls around her, a flash of vibrant red against the muted tones of his bedroom.
“Zip it. Buck, get the plates?”
, she wants to tell him– tell both of them.
“Because I lost count of how many you had yesterday, so that’s obviously too much.”
“Fine,” Steve sighs, and leans forward until his breath caresses Tony’s face.
“Steve--”
“Then you come talk to me. Or Barton, or Romanoff– anyone you want. You come find us and we’ll talk until you feel like Steve again. It might be crazy sometimes, because we’re fucking insane, but it’ll never be lonely. We’ve all got shitty pasts, y'know. But ‘we’re all in this together’, and all that jazz.”
“Reading what?”
“Hey, no, no,” Tony gives him a friendly pat on the shoulder. “No moping, beautiful–”
“Personally, I think I’m the best tasting one,” comes Clint’s voice from just outside the kitchen, and seconds later, the man himself strolls into the room. Tony, still determined to get Steve to finish his food, only just notices the rest of the team coming in behind him.
“Hiya back. So, your friend…” Tony jerks a thumb in the direction of his table, and when Steve looks over, Bucky’s grin matches the ones from the two other people there, a dark skinned man in a US Marines jacket, and a tall red-haired woman in a suit not unlike Tony’s. “I think I owe him something for introducing us.”
“Tasha!” Steve calls out, waving a hand frantically in front of her face like she could ever miss him.
Steve just holds him.
tomorrow.”
“Treat a fella to dinner, first.”
“I-- I don’t--”
idea,” she reminds him, “and those kids are anything but a job—”
By the time those blue eyes rise to meet Tony’s, they’re bright and playful, and Tony does nothing as Mr. Rogers moves to grab the bright blue stack atop his desk. With that sweet smile still on his face, he quickly writes a message of his own and puts the note—in all its curly, elegant writing— right next to Tony’s:
“Hi there,” he says softly, looking up to meet soft baby blue eyes.
“You sure, princess?” Tony asks, even as Steve sees him holding back a smile.
“I’m not sorry, y’know.”
“Oh, look, there go your genes,” Steve says, and Tony doesn’t think anyone could miss the awe in his voice.
] I almost threw him off the roof once, after he saw it the first time– wouldn’t stop humming the ‘Do-Re-Mi’ song. If he starts again, I’m suing.
“How goes it, mister President?”
“I cannot believe you just did that.”
“I just… I wanna give you everything. I want..” he looks up at the ceiling, chest heaving as he takes one deep breath, then another. “God, sometimes I look at you and I feel like I’m dreamin’, Tony. And I want everything for you.”
“Pepper won’t be happy.”
“Don’t bullshit me, Stevie.”
“Sweetheart…”
Tony does as he’s told. “You gonna make me sleep in the cold?” he jokes.
“Cap’s got the injection,” Clint says quietly. “Remember: make it quick, and make it look real. See you in two weeks, Rogers.”
“Sorry, just-- give me... give me a second, god...
“Yes, honey bear?” Tony says, reluctantly turning away from the sight of Steve Rogers smiling at SHIELD High’s new foreign exchange student.
Pepper hears Tony whistle. “Shit. How much’d he drink?”
“It’s fine, Captain,” Pepper says. “I need to check over some things with my secretary, and I promised to talk to the Head of Marketing, so I’ll just eat on my way.”
“Just get ‘em all onesies,” Tony suggests.
“So. Do. I,” Tony replies, pressing a kiss to Steve’s jaw after every word. “Now let me sleep, wouldja? I have class in four hours.”
,” he growls.
“That’s-- are you sure?”
“Tony...”
“You totally look like a Steve,” Tony says, but wastes no time in settling himself between those already familiar arms. “So, Steve...”
“Lay down with me.”
“I wan’ pancakes.”
"Cuz he's duh daddy!" Sam explains, and Steve barks out a laugh before he can stop it because
“A cute one? I dunno,” Tony shrugs. “Help me find the tiniest, fluffiest little fucker.”
“Where’s Cap, Jay?” he looks up, the odd feeling in his chest growing heavier as he asks. This isn’t like Steve.
He licks his lips before he knows he’s doing it, and hears the chuckles from around the room grow into full fledged laughter.
“Ugh, can y’maybe n’t t-talk ‘bout this now?” Barnes groans, pressing a shaky hand to his eyes. “Don’ wanna hear about y’guys...”
It takes Tony longer than he’d have liked to gather the courage and look over his shoulder when hears Steve’s voice. “I was hoping for it, not gonna lie,” he says softly, swallowing the lump in his throat-- it’s not the first time he’s done it today, and he knows it won’t be the last-- at the pain he finds in those baby blues.
Steve suddenly looks
"Thank you.”
The sheer belief in her voice almost brings Tony to tears again, but instead he leans against the wall with more aplomb than he feels, and crosses his arms against his chest. “So, last time…”
“I think we’ve already established that you don’t have a choice,” he replies, giving himself a second to lean against Steve’s shoulder before pulling away. “Go get ‘em, tiger.”
Their daughter just nods and lets out a pitiful little moan that pretty much breaks Steve’s heart. The last thing he wants to do now is leave, but he knows that the sooner he takes care of business, the sooner he can return.
“That’s– that’s Irish,” Steve steps up to the window. “How many languages does she know?”
“Yeah,” Steve smiles, “something like that. Except it’s just me and Tony.”
Tony doesn’t move away from Steve, but he opens one eye in her direction, and as always, it’s enough for her. But then he groans pitifully, and Steve picks up a second mug that Pepper hadn’t noticed before, and holds it up to Tony’s nose.
“Gosh... Well, Steve Rogers,” he takes Tony’s hand, “born and raised in Brooklyn--”
“Kinky,” Tony smirks, like a reflex and a shield all at once.
“A couple of years back, yeah,” Tony replies, not bothering to look up from the cut on his arm that he’s bandaging. “Thought you knew that by now.”
“For…”
Steve’s eyes widen, bright and soft as the morning sky beyond the walls of the Tower, and he looks down at the mess in his hands. “Sorry, I just–”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were the head honcho, the way he completely ignored everything else.”
“You’re right. They’re definitely worth more than that.”
,” he snarls.
“No, in a month.”
“It’s Tony, beautiful, but you can call me that too,” Tony winks, and finally gets what he was hoping for as Steve doubles over, tiny shoulders shaking with the force of his laughter.
Pepper swats Tony’s arm as she giggles, climbing on the end of the bed to waggle her eyebrows. “Tell me about it?”
“How’d you get so good at Monopoly?” Tony mumbles, lips brushing Steve’s shoulder with every word. The sound of their team’s laughter is a warm bubble around them as they lie across the main couch in each other’s arms.
“Where we goin’?” Tony giggles, waving the plush around as he makes airplane noises.
But his daughter just smiles, and he wonders if it’s possible to love someone you’ve just met. “Oh, Daddy– I may look like Pops, but this?” she taps her temple. “This is all you.”
“Listen, please,” Steve cuts him off, and continues when Tony stays silent. “When I woke up, I... I had nothing. I was lost and— and afraid, and so angry, I’m surprised SHIELD let me go out there at all. And then the battle came and I just... jumped back in because what else did I have?”
“Just in time, huh?”
Tony’s not the least bit surprised he’s been caught, so he just presses a kiss to Steve’s pec before resting his chin there. “I can’t help it,” he admits.
Steve just keeps looking at him. “I happen to think you do,” he finally says. “And I’d... I’d be honored to call you my teammate. My friend.”
“But–”
” from inside the balloon blob has him sighing forlornly. “I have to do everything myself, don’t I?”
, Steve.”
“Hi there,” he hears, the words faint from the sudden rush of blood pounding in his ears as the most beautiful man he’s ever seen crouches down and gently shakes hands with Peter, lips quirked up into a bright smile to match his bright blue eyes. “Who might you be?”
- - - - -
“Do what?”
“Never takes you long, huh?”
“I’ll take that,” he says instead, relishing the utter happiness blooming in his chest, and leans back in.
“I know...”
“Almost makes me wanna get a second one already.”
“Hey,” Tony says, because Steve’s pulling away and fuck no, that’s the last thing he wants. “Hey, talk to me.”
“Hey, guys.”
"Where's Barnes and Wilson?"
“That...” Tony breathes, “that was--”
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
“To be fair, a lot of people put me here--”
,” Natasha whispers solemnly, even as a tiny corner of her lips curls up in amusement.
,” Steve whispers, and pulls away with a wicked grin.
“I was kinda busy scrubbing somethin’ else,” Steve mutters, grinning down at his now open drawer.
Tony sighs into his pillow, then smiles. “You heard the man, J. Start the show...”
“I didn’t think I’d end up having anything close to this, but just for a little while, I could be free. And y’know… Every time I see your eyes, it’s exactly the same. You make me feel like I can do anything, sweetheart.”
“Oh my god,” he breathes. “You
“But we’ve got all night,” Steve reminds him with a smile of his own, leaning up to press his lips to Tony’s. “Hours and hours of you and me–”
“Steve–”
Steve sighs. “Bucky–”
“Bucky,” the Captain hisses, eyes blazing, and Tony would happily give millions to see how far down that blush goes.
“Daddy’n Papa,” Bella agrees, and dives under the covers with a giggle.
“You wouldn’t.”
The flirting doesn’t stop–- and Tony has absolutely no shame; some of the things he says leave Steve hot and hard, with a want so deep it leaves him breathless–- but it’s tempered by the soft smiles, the quiet laughs they share when they find each other in the laundry room at the same time, when they leave trails of bright sticky notes full of jokes and jabs on each other’s door.
“You strike me as more like Leia.”
“Sorry I was late–”
, I swear.”
“Care to dance?”
“Were you, um... working, down in your shop?”
“But, um,” Steve says tentatively, curling his shoulders in almost imperceptibly. It’s almost like he’s... nervous. “If you ever want to... well, sit in again, I’d-- we, we’d be more than happy to have ya.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts him. “She’s
“Hey, none of that,
Tony rolls his eyes. “More like a little hawk, I bet. And no, I don’t regret it.”
“Stark–”
“Ass.”
“But this is goddamn awful, hon.”
“No.”
It might as well not be there at all.
“No,” Tony shakes his head. “It’s my turn. The house in Malibu, the mansion in Manhattan. They were huge, and they were flashy, but that… that was all Howard. You know that. And I used to feel so fucking alone. I loved my Mom, but they were
The pug just quirks its tiny head, and then goes back to sniffing at Steve’s arms.
Did you guys know there’s a dagger by the elevator?
“Believe it or not, it’s just the flu.”
Sam breathed out heavily. “That’s just not true. You have
“Come on, Steve, you have to eat something—”
“I did everything I could,” Tony said, pleading, trying to convince himself as much as her. “I swear to God, I—”
Tony looked up abruptly as Steve looked directly at him. “No, I mean, I uh…we all experimented a bit in college, right?”
"No such luck," Steve spat and threw his shield hard.
Wanda smiled slightly. “Neither did I. But I had to do it, so…I did it.” She looked down at her hands.
“Mmmf, yep, present is better.”
They saved the world countless times, and each time Steve was by his side. Sometimes he thought just being around Steve was enough, teasing him, making him laugh, even flirting a little when he could get away with it, and that he could still keep his secret. But that was all before Miles.
But sometimes Tony wanted to hold Steve just to feel how good it felt, not because he was a mess. Tony cursed inwardly and turned over, his back brushing against Steve’s shoulder. He was suddenly extremely grateful that he had never told Rhodey or Pepper any of this because he was sure they would think this was a huge mistake.
That was everything.
Pepper laughed on the other end of the line. “Oh, Tony.”
But they were interrupted as Steve entered the room carrying Miles. “You fucking punk,” Bucky said with a huge smile. “Congratulations.”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #26: “You look really sexy when you do that.”
“He never stopped looking, y’know,” Tony says. “I don’t think he ever cared about anything half as much as he cared about finding you.”
Until now, of course.
“That’s good,” Steve says, “‘Cause it’d be kind of a shitty marriage if we didn’t.” Tony rolls his eyes even as he lets out a quiet laugh, and Steve feels his heart give a lurch at the possibility of a future filled with that sound.
“Oh my god, okay, yeah, let’s go,” Tony snaps his fingers, softly pushing Steve towards the door.
“Not as much as you must’ve when you fell fr’m heaven.”
Tony hears, and then... there’s Steve’s again, big and blond and stupidly perfect.
“You’re damn fucking right,” Tony says, even as he feels his cheek flush.
He’s surprised that had been his only reaction, because seeing his name tattooed in binary code on his best friend’s chest was something he’d never even dreamed he’d ever see. But even now, years later, it still sends a wave of warmth rushing through Tony’s body.
"Fucking-- I don't know...
“And if you think I won’t make you wait--”
Steve runs over to him after, Mrs. Rogers and everyone else trailing behind him like little baby ducks. "You did good,” he says, grinning, and Tony feels genuinely happy for the first time all day.
“That’s good to know,” Tony says around a sigh.
“I’ll make it up to you later tonight,” Tony promises, cuddling further into Steve’s chest. “But for now, you’re stuck with me here.”
“Yeah,” Bucky whispers in awe. “We’re
“I love you.”
,” Steve grits. “You can’t use me as a human shield.”
"Mind, uh, tellin’ me why.... why Cap doesn't get one, though?”
“Go ’way,” he mumbles, and feels his lips quirking up at the sound of Steve’s hushed laughter.
“Why would I?”
“Hey, what’re you–” Tony calls out weakly, but sits up a second later. “Aw shit.”
“If I didn’t know you better, mister, I’d believe you,” Steve chuckles for a few seconds more, before his eyes soften with earnestness. “But we know there’s more important things still keepin’ us here.”
“Where’s the suit?” He asks, finding it surprisingly difficult to look away from the woman sitting in the interrogation room on the other side of the glass window.
“I will end you.”
“I’m two seconds away from strangling the next one that comes running up to m–”
He shakes his head. “What if he’s…what if–”
“Y’know, if you want more cuddles, Mister--”
Not that he even gets to thinking it, because his entire world is reduced to the slow, lazy kisses he’s getting and giving, and the reassuring weight of that familiar body above his.
“Pretty sure I should be telling you that,” he says, but Steve shakes his head and shifts his grip on the steering wheel.
need to be alone. “So, uhh...” he says softly, the moment the door closes gently behind Pepper. Steve just stares at him. “You know I don’t actually blame you, right?”
“Are you?”
“Wow, who’s the meatball now?”
Just like Steve did that first night.
“W-what?” he stutters, and god, he should probably stop staring at Blondie, because now everyone’s staring at him.
And Tony’s the most amazing person Steve’s ever met, brilliant and gorgeous and one of the kindest souls he knows– Tony could have anyone, and Steve wants to cry at the realization that maybe Tony’s figuring that out, too.
A burst of laughter leaves Steve’s lips before he can stop it, loud and utterly unprofessional, and really, Dr. Erksine would be rolling over in his grave if he could see Steve now. “Mr. Stark,” he says slowly, as firm as he can manage. “I need you to tell me how you feel.”
Steve lets out a low, rumbled laugh. “Somehow, I don’t doubt that one bit,” he says fondly.
“You were worth it.”
“I had fun,” Steve mumbles into Tony’s shoulder, wrapping his arms around his waist until he has both of Tony’s hands between his own.
Steve smiles into Tony’s shoulder, a warm rush of affection running through him. He’s just about to press a kiss to Tony’s skin, though. when the genius opens his mouth and–
“I don’t think so, Barnes.”
“Somebody owes me bacon,” Wilson mutters, and from the corner of his eye, Tony sees Barnes roll his eyes as he walks to the refrigerator.
Whatever floats your boat, sweet cheeks.
Tony just shrugs. “When I get a gorgeous blond out of it, it sure is.”
“Figured out where all the self-destruct triggers were, I see,” she says casually, even as her eyes turn that familiar, determined shade of steely blue.
,” Steve sighs, but there’s a hint of amusement in his voice. “
“Fabergé eggs, Tony--”
She laughs again, joyous and free and everything Tony will ever want her to be. “God, I love you, Pops!”
“When are you
“Thank you,” Steve gives him a shy, pleased smile, and Tony barely holds back the lovesick sigh.
“We need your help,” Cap begins, and Tony rolls his eyes.
Tony just nods.
“We will,” Tony replies. “But sit down for a minute.”
you joke about me dying,” Tony humphs, but he’s got a smile on his face that Clint just knows is one only Steve gets to see, and part of him feels like looking away.
“Steve--”
"No one should be that sweet, you get fucking cavities from watching him. But then, he's also such a little shit. Like, no room for screwing around, he will fuck you up. And it was worse when he was little, because he never stopped-- half the time, I was terrified they'd split him in half, Jesus... And I know I'm not easy to deal with--"
“Pass her over, then. Come on,” Steve makes grabby hands, but smiles when Tony just tightens his arms around their sleeping daughter.
“Then
“I, uh… might’ve been a little distracted.”
Tony's heart feels close to bursting against his ribs. "Steve..."
“Wait for me after the game?” Steve asks, hope lacing every word.
“Yeah, bella. Daddy’s here.”
-------------------
“Hey, don’t call ‘em that,” Rhodey hisses, looking around furtively, even though the only animals currently around them are in fish tanks. They have yet to bump into an employee, but Tony can hear them faintly in the distance. “They’ll hear you and then they’ll… I don’t know, they’ll hate you.”
“Lucky for you, I’m a genius,” Tony smiles shyly, and for the first time, he wonders if
“No, stop. Like I said-- least I could do,” Tony nods. “And now that you’re here, I’m a lot happier I stayed.”
“We’re right here, Tony– Tony, I’m right here. Talk to us, let me help.”
Tony can’t keep his face from growing warm, or his lips from quirking up into a disgustingly happy little smile when he sees Steve look down shyly.
The contrast between them-- his dark eyes, hair and coat, to the pale, firm curve of Steve’s jaw, and the way his hair shines like gold from the sun-- is striking. Absolutely beautiful.
” he says, and this time, Pepper doesn’t hide her laughter at how relieved he sounds. “
“Tony--”
“Hamster?”
“I like glitter.”
“Are you guys free?” Tony asks,
“But I think,” Steve says, and there’s a smile in his voice Tony doesn’t even have to look at him to see. “I think they like you even more.”
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
“He’s cute, y’know,” Natasha says softly, and Steve flushes at how indiscreet she’s being as she stares. “Don’t you think he’s cute, Rogers?”
From across the rink, Buck and Sam holler in support, and Steve tries to focus on his footing instead of the way Tony’s fingers seems to brand his skin. “You don’t have to stay here with me, y’know. I know I’m... you can’t be havin’ fun when I’m just slowing you down.”
small.”
Steve’s reply is immediate, and so earnest, it almost hurts. “I love you too. More than anything.”
“Fuck– get off me, you fucking
“Just a little while longer–”
“Med-bay four.”
Steve just grins, pulling him closer, and he smells like apple pie, goddamnit. “Sharon’s been teaching me to swing, so we thought we’d put some of it to good use. And then Ms. Potts wanted to talk about an art exhibit comin’ to town– thought I’d enjoy it.”
"Steve," Stark's voice breaks.
Steve narrows his eyes. “
“A little less hairy, yeah,” Tony shrugs, grinning when Steve laughs, “but not that different, right?”
“That’s because you don’t know him, hot stuff,” Tony grins up at him over his shoulder. “Thing’s as dumb as… well, a box full’a bolts.”
“Shhh, shhhh,” Steve whispers. “Go back to sleep, angel. Shhhhh...”
“I’ll try, for you,” Tony concedes, and strolls away with a final wink.
“Does it bother you?”
“You’re cute when you’re cranky.”
“Steve...”
“Sleeping bag, please.”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #11: “Are you gonna just sit there or are you gonna help me?”
“To what?” Tony says around a sob. “You h-haven’t asked me a fucking thing!”
“I guess,” Steve sighs. “God, I’d forgotten what it felt like.”
“Why would I? This'll be a nice story to tell people,” Steve says.
“And I’m being serious... for once.”
“Why are you in my apartment?”
Okay, favorite getaway?
“Sounds perfect,” Steve says, and when Tony gives him a soft, shy smile, Steve knows he believes him.
“There’s nothin’ fun about our friends being arrested,” Steve says, even as the corner of his lips quirks up into that tiny crooked smile Tony loves so much.
Steve lets out a huff of a laugh even as he feels his face grow warm. “Fifty cookies is a bit much, dontcha think?” he asks, taking a bite a second later, and Tony’s eyes darken deliciously as he licks his own lips.
“Jesus, I didn’t say it to make you feel bad,” Tony groans. “I’m not angry at you, Steve.”
“We can fix this.”
“Even more impressive, babydoll. Now... here we go, watch--” he pulls the phone up to their eye level, and starts tapping at the keyboard. “‘Sweet dreams, NYC. See you in the morning.’ Hashtag ‘goodnight moon’.”
There’s nothing but silence on the other end, and then--
“Sure do, princess,” he replies, but stops short of joining Tony on a chair. “I don’t think Papa can fit on one of these, though.”
It’s not often that Tony talks in his sleep, and when he does, he usually just mumbles percentages and equations, and things that Steve doesn’t even bother trying to figure out.
“He’s awake,” she says, fingers suddenly pressed to her ear.
The smile on Tony’s face when he looks up at Steve is one Pepper doesn’t think she’s ever seen. “Oooh, I love when you go all rebel, baby.”
“Budge over,” he orders, stretching out his body until it’s inches from Steve’s. “Rockin’ the burrito look, by the way.”
“Oh my god, yes,” Tony sits up. “Get a large order, and a couple of pizzas. And a plate of those meatballs you’re, like, fucking in love with, for some reason. And some eggplant parm for Pep. And like, five orders of breadsticks, because god knows Thor and you and Barnes will each take one for yourselves.”
“Yes, sir,” Tony winks, and Steve leans his head back, closes his eyes, and
Tony relents with a sigh, even as his heart pitter patters pitifully at the thought of spending an entire day with Steve, of getting those eyes and that smile all to himself. “Don’t see how that’s better than a plane,” he mutters.
Tony smiles innocently. “What eyes?”
“No,” Tony says again, “it's fine. Just... I don't want him ruining your things,” he waves a hand around.
“Bucky, stop,” Steve shakes his head, and then he stands up and wow, this man’s just a masterpiece all over, isn’t he?
Steve squares his shoulders. “I’d like to see it sometime? Your shop-- only if you want to. I’m... I’m curious.”
“Love you too.”
“They’re am-mazing.”
, Steve,” Tony sighs. “Just... look, just let me deal with all the shit, and you can use all that money you earned to buy whatever you want.”
“You kiddin’?” Steve grins. “I can’t think of anything better than spendin’ time with my best guy.”
“This is perfect, sweetheart,” Steve says, an awed, happy sigh leaving his lips as Tony slides the ring onto his finger. “Oh my god...”
“Alright,” the blond sits up, wriggling out of his sleeping bag, and holds out his hand. “Gimme.”
"What the hell do we do? I miss it already," he says softly, turning to nuzzle as much of his face as he can into Steve's neck, food-- and cake-- forgotten for the moment.
“I will turn around and walk back home, Rogers.”
There’s a man sitting at the corner, huddled by a handful of other people, and he has his head thrown back in laughter-- the same fucking laughter Tony hears in his head sometimes, how is that possible?-- sun shining through the window and making his hair shine gold. The pale, long line of this throat is just
“Okay!” Steve all but jumps up, keeping his hold on Tony steady as he starts walking toward the kitchen. “Let’s just– I’m just gonna take him… somewhere.”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #31: “I promise it won't be that bad."
“No.”
“Empty threats, Cap,” Tony replies, and then holds his breath as Steve deftly swings his shield onto his back and walks to the rest of the team as they shuffle into the main elevator. “Go kick ass,” he tells Romanoff. “Take names,” he says to Barnes, “and you...” he grins at Barton, “just go.”
He’s gonna need his incentive, after all.
“Just get down here and kiss me,” Tony orders with a wicked grin.
I was going to say... nice.
“God, you’re absolutely shameless,” Steve shakes his head disbelievingly.
He wants to see where this can go. He wants to know if it can go anywhere.
“No part of this went as planned, by the way,” Tony says, pulling away to finally get the ring.
“Yours, but that’s not--”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #17: “Stay with me?”
“Yeah, well it’s your fault I’m here,” Tony accuses. “The least you could do is bring me something.”
Now, this is set BEFORE a lot of the action happens in the movie, so it’s not terribly spoiler-y, although it was inspired by the one, big Stark related storyline happening when the movie takes place (if you haven’t seen the movie, and don’t mind knowing ONE spoiler, read on. Also, I’ve put the spoiler at the end in case y’all wanna peek before you read).
“You want Class President, we’re gonna damn well get it for you.”
“Traitors,” Tony crows, “the fucking lot of you! Jerks and traitors.”
Summer of Stony prompt #19: “Are you doing what I think you’re doing?”
“Eh, now we just distract him with cat videos and memes,” Tony says, and there’s a smile on his face so fond, Bucky decides to just go for it.
It’s one of the most adorable thing’s Tony’s ever seen, and even as desire hits him like lightning in his gut, it’s the soft, warm tendrils of affection that surprise him.
“I hate you.”
“Don’t be dramatic,” Steve says. “All you did was almost brain yourself on a glass table and bleed all over your carpet.”
"Sweetheart, it's already up," Steve smirks, rolling his hips into Tony's, and the genius chokes on a laugh.
- - - - -
“Steve–”
“Just until we can get Thor back Earth-side with some answers.” Fury replies.
“I know,” he sighs, “I told you it was going to sound insane.”
“Who’s the smartest?”
Warnings: NONE.
“Well she can’t have actual tea, babe. Tea’s disgusting.”
Which is why he’s more than surprised when Tony asks him out.
Tony sighs. “But they… they didn’t.”
"Alright... that's the last of 'em."
“I’m in this for life, hon. Every bit of torture you can dish out.”
“Yep.”
“Th’bar.”
“I don’t... I don’t know why I just... ” Tony shakes his head, and when the alcohol tries to climb back up his throat, he pushes it down with everything he has. “I just can’t keep my fucking mouth shut, but he just--”
“Don’t deserve what– Tony, you’re scaring us.”
Steve’s face falls. “Tony–”
“Why?”
“Christ,” Barnes’s voice breaks through the chaos, and then he grabs Tony’s shoulder and pushes him all the way to the ratty couch against the wall.
“Steve?”
“I promise I won’t keep you waiting too long--”
“Tony–”
“Barely. Hard to forget ice cream in Central Park, though.”
“I do that with everyone,” he hisses, glancing at the librarian’s look of warning.
“No,” Tony finds himself admitting. It’s surprising how easy it is. “Must be you.”
“You ass,” Tony grumbles, even as his mouth is turned up at the corners. “If you wanted me to move, all you had to do was say so.”
“I know it won’t be fun,” he says gently. “But it’s for your own good. It won’t take long, and I’ll be right there with you– well, not in there, obviously, I can’t–” he stammers, “because I have to stay in the, uh, observation room next door. But you’ll be fine. I promise.”
“This,” Steve says, jostling Tony. “Our team-- our
” he says now, his lips barely moving as he runs a hand over the crib’s edge. “Don’t see why your Papa’s so convinced it’ll all turn out dandy. I’m…”
“No you’re not,” Tony rasps. His hands are shaking so hard, he’s surprised he hasn’t dropped the ring box. “Jesus, fuck.”
“And I can, what, call you up for cuddles?”
“Steve-- what does that say about
Rhodey groans. “
Tony says nothing, and except for the small, minuscule brush of his fingers on Steve’s chest, he doesn’t move a muscle. Steve just holds him, trying to soothe the rapid beating of his heart.
Pepper only just manages to hide the giggle building up inside, and she’s sure the smile on her face must look positively ridiculous. “Oh, that’s—”
“You speak Russian, Barton?”
“-- I’m going to say things and
There's a second of silence, then another, and then just as Tony’s about to pull back, one of Steve's hands comes up to encircle Tony's wrist, his soft skin burning like a brand around Tony's.
“Hey, hey, where do you think you’re going, gorgeous?”
Steve nods through a yawn. “Just fine. Had a bit of a late start, but I’m on track now.”
Natasha can count, on one hand, the times Steve and Tony have been the last to arrive to a debrief. She doubts the others make anything of it, considering the tiny crowd gathered around Clint and James as they arm wrestle across the table.
Thor raises a fist. “Assemble!”
“Why did you do it?” he croaks, one hand moving to cover the darkest stain of blood on his shirt, where he’d pressed his chest against Steve’s. “Why the fuck did you do it, you idiot? I have enough blood on my hands without… without having yours.”
“Sorry,” the blond wrinkles his nose a little, pulling at the fabric like it could possibly dry itself and grow large enough to cover him. “I thought I’d, uh, get the chance to make it back home in time, but I-- I guess didn’t.”
“Aw, does it rankle your delicate, nonagenarian sensibilities?” Tony teases, but when Steve looks back at him, his lips are quirked up into Tony’s favorite smile.
“I’m not,” Tony replies. “That was amazing. Make sure you bring the barrel back, though.”
“Gotta say, I don’t know why–”
“What?” He smirks, sauntering up to where Steve’s sitting on a stool, skinny legs swinging high above the ground. “Now I know you’ve always been a looker.”
“Yes, Sir,” JARVIS replies, and Tony leaves the kitchen minutes later with two platefuls of pizza and determined set to his jaw.
“Get Pep here,” he says, reciting her phone number with perfect accuracy--he’s a genius, after all-- before the doors close behind him and he’s wheeled further into the hospital.
, Tony wants to tell him. But he smothers the urge to wrap his arms around the blond, to kiss him until they’re both breathless, and reaches out to brush his fingers against Steve’s instead. “Back atcha, Cap.”
“Right. So,” he takes a breath, “you, me, date?”
, Steeb,” Bucky urges, pushing more than a couple of parents out of the way in his haste to get to his best friend. Steve’ll have to remind him that’s not a nice thing to do, but his brother’s definitely not the only one doing it, so he can let it pass just this once.
“Didn’t hear any complainin’ just now,” Steve chuckles, but then pulls away to hold Tony at arms length. “You look beautiful, sweetheart.”
“Yeah, baby?”
“You drawin’ me like one of your French girls, hmm?” He drawls. “You didn’t even ask me to pose--”
“She doesn’t speak English?” Tony hears Steve ask, but most of his attention is still on the golden haired woman and her flawlessly spoken Italian.
Next– favorite ice cream flavor?
Steve mumbles something under his breath, just low enough that Tony can’t make out, before giving him a soft smile. “Where–where’d you, um…”
“Pay attention, Rogers,” he says eventually, turning around again until his back is pressed up against Steve’s chest, and breathes in the cold December night until it fills his lungs with peace.
It’s so clear that none of them like it– Natasha’s mouth is a thin line that only gets grimmer the more Steve says, and Barnes clenches his fists so hard, Tony almost swears he can hear the metal grinding– but they all know it’s the only way to do it.
“S-sorry,” Steve breathes, body sluggish as he turns it in Tony’s direction. “‘M s-s-sorry–”
“I love you, man, but you’re an idiot. So what, you’re just gonna leave ‘em empty?”
Coulson suddenly looks wary, and motions for them to walk faster. “That’s all they know, but–”
“Cheese!” Barnes says, nodding decidedly.
“They’re what?” Tony asks.
“Oh, Tony...” The words are out before Pepper even really knows what she means to say, but her thoughts— her knowledge, and the realization of what she’d only considered in passing up until now— are quick to rearrange themselves to fit this new truth.
“I didn’t--that’s not-- I was just,” Steve stutters. “You tricked me.”
“Oh, do you?”
He’s just evaded a crowd of them when Barnes’ voice comes in, high and clear and filled with a pain Tony knows he doesn’t have to fake.
Tony shakes his head. “Why bother? We’re sure as fuck not going to stop going out, and as long as we do, they’re going to keep printing shit like this. It doesn’t help when you step out the Tower wearing an Iron Man shirt.”
“Stop interruptin’ me. You're ruining the mood.”
“What about your boyfriend?” Steve blurts, before he knows what he’s doing.
Steve rolls his eyes, and passes the second plate in the bag to Pepper. “Tony told me you liked Eggplant parm.”
The text comes in right in the middle of a meeting.
“I can’t marry you.”
“Yes, dear.”
“Thank you,” Steve says, and gives her the leash. “Now hold on it, okay, sweetie?”
“How was I supposed to know you’d go rummaging around?”
“You’re hot when you’re sassy.”
“You’re not supposed to.”
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - -
Rhodey buries his face in another cushion. “Fair enough,” he mumbles, then starts when there’s a knock at the door.
“Language,” Tony hiccups, and damn it, if he isn’t crying again.
] Loud and clear, Shellhead.
, okay,” Tony groans. pulling himself up until they’re face to face, sharing one of the many pillows scattered around the bed. “What’s up, buttercup?”
Steve’s mouth snaps shut with a click of his teeth as he stills his limbs--the ones not being treated for second degree burns, of course.
“--And they notice
Tony does. “What.”
Tony rolls his eyes even as his lips quirk up into a helpless smile at the sound of his son’s bright, happy giggles. “So you don’t wanna go to school?”
Bucky rolls his eyes, but grins over his shoulder as he leaves the store. “I’ll do you one better, punk.”
“Want me to sit with you?”
“Wussat?” Steve mumbles.
“Cat likes bein’ up early, doesn’t he, sweetheart?” Steve asks.
-- can’t
“Have I entered an alternate universe or did you really just crack a smile?”
Steve rolls his eyes. “You’re so dramatic sometimes, I swear.”
“She likes you.”
“I’m so fucking glad you’re here with me.”
-- I mean-- shit, you know what I mean. Jesus, this is your fault.”
“Tony.”
“Sorry to throw a wrench in those plans.”
“Years?” Why does his own voice sound so far away? “I-- but I-- I just... What the fuck are you talking about?"
“Gotta support the team,” Tony grins. “Go Avengers! We’re number one!”
“Much better.”
“Shut up, I swear to God, Rogers, don’t–”
She definitely gets that from Tony.
Tony doesn’t even thank him as he leaves. He has to stop himself twice to breathe before he reaches the room they have Steve in, but then he sees him.
“Um, no?”
Tony doesn’t bother denying it, and just leans up to peck at his boyfriend’s jaw. “Don’t pretend you’re not, snookums.”
“– so now you’re stuck with me.”
Steve sighs. “I have no idea what I’m gonna do with you.”
Tony Stark. Next?
"Come on," Tony whispers. "I wanna be in you--"
“You poor bastards.”
“Pinkie promise, sweetie. I’ll even bring you back a cookie.”
“I’m so fucking pissed at you. Don’t do that again.”
“You’d better,” is all Tony says, and then he’s out the door as well.
“Merry Christmas,” he says, and with a fond roll of his eyes, Steve leads the out into the cold, winter night.
“-- but I hope you have a good time. I do want you to... to feel at home. Like I feel when I’m with you.”
“Tony.” God, he loves how Steve says his name, he loves Steve
He has to force his eyes to leave Steve’s body, and brings them up slowly, higher and higher until he meets bright green ones.
“Like you and your moonin’ and droolin’?” Steve smirks, crossing his arms over his chest, and Tony doesn’t even hide the way he stares at all muscles bulging out in front of him.
Steve pulls him into the space between his legs, wrapping his arms around Stark's waist, and Bucky sees him struggling immediately.
“Sure there isn’t, babe.”
“Kiss me, please.”
“That makes two of us,” Tony can’t help but sigh. “With my luck, Pepper will pop up with a fuck ton of work as soon as you leave, the slave-driver.”
Tony manages to keep his giddy laughter in, and settles for a soft smile of his own as he nods. “I think I'll take you up on that.”
“Hey look, it’s Steve!”
“Sounded like you might not... I thought I might have to talk some sense into ya, is all,” he finishes with a easy grin.
“But you won’t have to.”
“Shit,” someone in the room mumbles, but Tony can barely register anything beyond the sudden chill in his bones.
“Nope! No but’s, old man! I love every second of it, almost as much as I love you!”
“For you?” Tony narrows his eyes thoughtfully. “You betcha.”
“Fuck,” Tony huffs, pinching the bridge of his nose as he leans back into his chair. “Can I just do this at home?”
“How d’ya think I’feel?” Tony groans.
“Cap--”
“I’ve been doing that since I was a kid.”
“Papa!”
“And I... God, baby, I appreciate this so fucking much.”
“You’ll be sorry enough tomorrow morning,” he says gleefully, and shares a grin with Steve over their friends’ heads.
“Wh-- it’s a
But then he hears another voice, smooth and British and new. And then Tony says
And when, one day, Steve takes him down to the garage to show him his motorcycle, Tony spends the rest of the day in a state of perpetual arousal, from both the bike-- it’s black and classic and one of the most well-kept machines he’s ever seen-- and from the thought of what Steve must look like riding it, those strong, thick thighs straddling the beast between his legs...
Steve cuts him off with a kiss on his cheek. “No, this isn’t your fault, I could’ve just asked, instead of assuming.”
“Let’s go,” Steve says, walking determinedly towards the entrance, and Tony lets out a chortle at the sight of their teammates following obediently behind him like baby ducklings. It’s almost ridiculous, how warm it makes him feel.
“Tony–”
“Whatever you say, Stark. Now come on, up and at ‘em,” Barnes grins, rising from his crouch and jerking his head toward the door. “And I’ll tell you what: if I’m wrong– which I’m not– I’ll even let you hit me right in the kisser.”
“I’m a little offended that you don’t seem to trust me.”
- - - - -
“I hate you.”
“But I’m cold.”
Tony grins. “Good. I thought you’d like something nice to come home to.”
“Fine. I’ll settle for a sleek gray?”
Pepper’s knocked out next to him on the sofa, but
Warnings: NONE.
“How else am I supposed to keep up with ya?” Steve asks, voice as warm as his embrace.
“Morning,” he calls out, returning the smiles they both give him in reply. They’re quick to say their goodbyes to the children, and then, by some silent agreement, they both make their way over to Tony’s car.
“What about Romanoff?”
“Still true,” Bucky points out. “He’s been eyein’ you all night, man. At least send a drink over.”
“God knows why…” Steve mumbles, but when they step through the main doors, both of them are smiling.
“For what?” Both of them turn to the workshop entrance at the new voice, and moments later, Steve is standing beside them with a friendly smile.
to his old man. For all of his droning about Tony following in his footsteps to lead the helm at SI, not even Howard Stark could force his son into the position. So when he'd finally croaked, it hadn’t even taken Tony an hour to figure out what to do. Three days later he’d practically shoved Pepper into her new CEO office chair, and hightailed out of the building like the world’s greatest prison bust.
Hours later, the doubt is still there-- it’ll always be there when it comes to Steve-- but Tony’s surprised at how little he can feel it.
“I’m holding you to that, Captain,” Tony winks, before rising back to his feet. “But right now, all I want to do is spend the rest of my day with Little Miss Sunshine and Mr. Cat, so come on, chop chop.”
The laughing one. He’s holding up a bound stack of papers in greeting, and--
“Whaddaya mean?” His boyfriend’s smile is as soft as the early morning light, but that rough, Brooklyn voice sends shivers down Tony’s spine.
Warnings: NONE.
Which is probably why it takes so long to realize that Steve’s fingers are moving against his own– slowly, carefully, but with purpose– and before he can pull away to look down, he feels a cool, unmistakably metal band slide into his finger.
“Good. Now help me finish the rest of these bad boys.”
Clint’s voice breaks through the comfortable silence around them as he takes his seat on the quad table, and Steve feels his shoulders tense immediately. “It took me a while, but my little birds–”
, even though his eyes are barely open-- to stop by the kitchen on his way out for his morning run.
“As long as it’s us, I’ll be happy.”
“Tony--”
“Wh– oh, yeah, sure,” he nods, and looks over Steve’s shoulder again to the other two men. Despite the shit-eating grins on their friends, their concern is more than evident. “Head wounds are no joke, though, so you’re gonna take it easy for the next day or two, and at the first sign of trouble, you come right back here.
“I guess that’s what I get for standing next to you, though-- you should not look this good in a seventy year old uniform, Jesus Christ,” Tony groans, tugging at Steve’s sleeve as he hustles them through the crowded ballroom. “Faster, Rogers!”
“Why are you blushing?”
“You’d probably break the chair,” Tony mutters, “and put a hole through the floor with all your freak muscles.”
“Daddy?”
“Wh–” Tony frowns. “Dinner…”
And there were civilians, Tony realized through a haze. Where had they come from? He heard yelling and then a swarm of men converged around Steve and grabbed him by the arms. Steve tried to throw them off, but these were just regular men, and Tony realized Steve was trying not to hurt them. They had no armor, no weapons. Steve stared down at Tony, his jaw set, his chest heaving, and then abruptly his shoulders dropped and he stood straighter as if a sudden calm had come over him. He turned and Tony saw that the men had tied his hands behind his back.
“Show off,” Tony grumbled.
After her fever had passed, she had become even sicker with nausea and vomiting and pain until the poison left her body. Tony knew that it would be even worse for Steve. Wanda had merely inhaled the poison. But she had recovered completely, and that meant they’d all be okay. Everything would be okay. Steve could recover from this.
“You better,” Steve said tiredly, resting his head back on the pillows.
“Please believe me,” Steve whispered, and it sounded like he was crying.
Steve wilted. “Look, I panicked and—”
Tony hummed to herself as she polished the mask of her suit. It had been a week since the Battle of New York. She still felt a bit banged up, bruised here and there, with some cuts that were still healing, but she was mostly back to her normal self.  Except there was one thing that was still bothering her.
Tony groaned. “No,” he lied. “Come on.” He got to his feet and squared up with Steve while Miles ran over to sit next to Sam.
"Old? Not up to date on slang? Stuck in your ways? Did I mention old?”
“You guys okay?”
Tony spread his arms defensively. “No, I have no idea. All I see are his gorgeous blue eyes and handsome face and his broad shoulders and I’m just—”
Jan appeared over his shoulder. “Anything?”
"You know that's not all we are,” Steve said, still smiling. “We're teammates, we're friends, we're...well, sometimes you infuriate me so much I want to kiss you just to see the shocked look on your face, sure."
That earned a tired smile from Steve. “Yeah.”
"Shit, we've been made," Bucky whispered from behind Tony.
Tony heard the footsteps of more men coming as they entered the room. He held back, covering the exit. They were about to be surrounded, because sure enough they had found the man they were looking for.
Tony bit his lip and looked down.
“Right, sorry.” He stole a glance at Steve’s pale face and stepped out into the hallway. Natasha appeared around the corner and rushed up to him. “Bad timing, doctor’s in,” Tony explained, and Natasha sat down on the bench and looked hard at the door.
“I know one place they wouldn’t look for you,” Wanda murmured.
Steve let out a laugh. "Not that kind of chance. I mean, after I put the plane in the water, after I lost my chance with Peggy." He looked away. "I thought I'd never have it again...a normal life, maybe even a family." Tony pulled Steve closer, unsure of what to say, but Steve continued, resting his hands over Tony's.  "When I woke up in this era, I had no one, I had nothing. You gave me a home." He looked up into Tony's eyes again. "I'm not very good at this, but that's what I wanted to say."
. Tony held the side of his face and all of a sudden Steve was melting into him, wrapping his arms around him, breathing out a deep sigh like all he'd ever really wanted was to do this, and that was really not something Tony could process, not while his lips were glued to Steve's, and Steve was holding him like he really loved him and had loved him all this time. Tony felt like he needed to pinch himself or slap himself across the face. Hard. Because it was still too much to believe. He sighed into the kiss because he was going to damn well enjoy it even if he didn't understand it.
Natasha looked up, studying them for a moment. “You know, there’s nothing that says you can’t
The first contact they had with Hydra went swiftly. Wanda grabbed a handful of men with a lasso of red magic and smashed them into the wall, reaching around the entire area to trap even the sound of the impact from escaping. Pietro was a blur around the corner. Natasha quickly advanced into the next corridor, motioning them to follow.
Steve blocked the repulsor blast with his shield and then slammed it into Tony, knocking him backwards. This time when Tony fell and tried to get up, he couldn’t, and Steve was on top of him raising his fist.
Tony sat up and pulled him into a hug, resting his chin on the top of Miles’ head. He knew it was the same drive that had pushed him, after his parents died, to try to make sure no one else lost their loved ones and went through what he had gone through. To do what needed to be done to make the world a safer place, to become a hero because the world needed heroes. “I love you, Miles. Your mom would be so proud of you, buddy. We’re all so proud of you.”
Tony felt those words like a punch, though not an altogether unpleasant one. It felt good to be needed. It felt so good he almost didn't want that drink. No, it felt so good he almost felt like he'd already
Miles frowned. “But I want to be a real superhero. I want to fight villains and make the world a safer place.”
Tony mimed zipping his lips. They sat together in silence, looking over the city, and Tony wondered how bad it would be if he allowed himself to feel a little hope just this once.
“Next time we adopt a child together let’s just give them your paperwork first. Worked like a charm,” Tony muttered, elbowing Steve in the ribs as they walked to Miles’ room. “We need to ask him first if it’s okay though. I…” He stopped, looking down at his hands.
“I said I can’t do this—”
"Why'd you even text me, man?"
Steve grabbed him and shielded from rubble falling as Red Skull demolished the rest of the wall behind them. The building shuddered on its foundations.
Rhodey smiled. “Come on, man. Don’t you think Steve flirts with you? A little bit?”
"You can't stay here to protect him," Tony insisted, "you're our big guns.
Tony was taken aback. “Do you want the long answer or the short answer?” Steve’s jaw was set. “Because the short answer is yes, we’re fine,” Tony said. “You’re alive and we’re not trying to kill each other. The long answer is no, not a chance in hell. How, after everything that has happened to you because of
There was a silence.
Steve motioned for Tony to follow him. They sat back down at the table in front of Miles.
“It didn’t mean anything?” Tony asked in disbelief, taken aback, feeling like he had been punched in the face.
“A hostile?” Tony landed next to him, raising his repulsors. “Are you okay? It’s not like Galactus to have sidekicks.”
“You don’t have to keep icing if you don’t want to, Capsicle,” Tony pointed out. He put the icepack down but Steve took his hand and placed it back on the side of his waist.
“So did I,” Steve finally said, turning to face them. He was silent for a long moment. “I need to go.”
“It’s over, Nat,” he whispered.
Bucky leaned against the counter next to him. “You were always a stubborn motherfucker.”
“He’s going to grow up so fast,” Tony mused. “Our kid’s gonna be an Avenger someday.”
Clint looked hesitantly at Natasha.
Steve rubbed his chest. He looked awful. And angry as hell. "Yeah. Listen...."
She gasped in horror but the breath died as she opened her mouth. Reaching as far as she could into the box, she could sense the memories and thoughts of the men who had worked in this lab, on this single project, floating like spiderwebs in the air, individual threads all leading to one secret goal. And she saw how they wanted it all to end.
“No, Tony--”
Steve turns to look at him, all thoughts of drying dishes forgotten. “It’s not like they don’t mean it.”
“Yeah,” Tony nods. “Like, y’know, that voice in your head that does all the thinking?”
“When are you
“Then you gotta be a little more careful. Don’t swing the basket so hard, and keep him comfy.”
Tony scoffs. “Hon--”
- - - - -
“Why do you have a ring, Steve?”
“Or you could just use my name,” Steve smirks, rolling his eyes.
,” little Tony giggles. “
“You don’t know that.”
“Was so
Steve yells, and Tony whimpers at the sound. “Oh god, shit, I’m sorry. Does it hurt? I’m so sorry.”
“...No!”
“I don’t doubt it.”
” Steve’d whispered against his lips, softly and full of nothing but love. “
Warnings: NONE.
“And everyone else?” Tony asks quietly.
“Nah,” Steve sighs, and his voice fades further and further the more he talks. “I’m going to stay here, anyway. I don’t think I can make it all the way up to my bed.”
“I wan’ Peppewoni!” Sam slams his hands on the conference table, bouncing in his seat beside Steve.
“Is that the same thing to you?”
It felt like Tony's heart was falling into the pit of his stomach. “I saw you give yourself up, Steve. I saw you
"Not unless you do." Steve glanced down at Tony's mouth and bit his lips.
He’d missed Steve for so long. The thought that this was just the beginning of missing him went straight through him, taking the life out of him.
“That’s good." Steve rested his face against Tony's hair, and Tony held onto the feeling of closeness like a lifeline as he was overcome with exhaustion.
Cap’s forces were getting the better of Tony’s. It was taking both Clint and Bucky to beat Natasha. There was a gash on Sam’s forehead, but he had trapped Vision and was holding him back. Rhodey was nowhere to be seen. Neither was the kid, but he never was easy to spot. Carol was still facing off against T’Challa and he couldn’t find Jan in the crowd. And everywhere, utter destruction--overturned cars, sparking electricity and rubble.
Steve charged at him and Tony raised his repulsors. Steve moved quickly out of the way, pushing him to the ground. Tony rolled out of the way and Steve’s fist struck the floor where he had lain.
“Hey Pep.”
Steve sighed. “But it does matter this time. I can’t let this slide, not when they’re bringing Peggy into it. They—they think that if I’m married to you, that it means I’m gay and that I never loved her, and how could Captain America be gay, right?” He started punching the heavy bag again. “Wouldn’t that be terrible? Wouldn’t that just be the end of American values?” Steve’s last punch sent the heavy bag flying across the room. “Captain America can’t be gay,” Steve went on, shoulders stiff with anger as he caught his breath. “Don’t they know I fought a war against people who believed the same homophobic bullshit they do?”
“Breakfast.” Tony pulled on his shirt, still flustered.
“I didn’t know about him.”
Tony let out a laugh and threw a pillow belligerently at Steve, who threw it back at him. “You’re the worst, Rogers.”
“Mmmf.”
“We were outgunned,” Natasha added and Tony almost jumped. “It’s weird,” she continued, in a pensive voice, “Clint usually pairs up with Wanda, but I guess they’re switching their teams.”
“Next time you’re going to kick my ass again. And the time after that. And a time after that.”
Tony felt hot and cold, pins and needles like he was going to faint. He lay down quickly with head against the arm of the couch and closed his eyes. “No, no, that’s not—what do you mean, missing?”
"Yeah,
"Not so fast, Captain," Red Skull mocked, lifting his hand where the Stone glowed on his finger. "I'm stronger than when last we fought."
“But you’re here, and I can’t talk to you, and it’s almost worse than if we didn’t talk at all, if you didn’t even look at me—”
“You are a little superhero,” Steve replied, smiling a little. “You’re our little Spiderman.”
Steve pulled away, breathing a little harder, and glanced down at Tony's mouth. "You'd tell me if I was terrible at this, wouldn't you? It's...been a while."
for Steve's ass but this was not the time to think about that.
Tony watched Steve run off, keeping himself in between Red Skull and Bucky. Tony blinked and refocused on the battle, because really the suit did
“I don’t think those things are allowed at school anyway,” Miles pointed out, shouldering his backpack, which was full of supplies, presents and snacks from the Avengers.
Sam nodded. “If you’ll still have him.” He paused. “This isn’t over, is it. The SRA is going to pass or it isn’t, but this isn’t over yet. I’m here to talk when you’re ready.”
“No, it’s okay, I’ll get it,” Steve replied, letting go of Tony slowly. Tony dropped his arms immediately, but Steve seemed reluctant to get up.
"Tony, he
Pepper crossed her arms. “It’s more than fair.”
He must have looked starstruck when he pulled away because Steve smiled warmly, and Tony had never seen that particular smile on his face before, that sweet and open and filled with adoration and with peace.
“Maybe not,” Steve replied, standing. “But if going forward is our only option, I’d rather have you by my side.”
“You were harboring a brainwashed lethal assassin who had been bent on killing you,” Tony pointed out without a hint of humor, although he thought maybe in some other situation this would be funny.
Steve smiled, narrowing his eyes. "Go another round?"
The supersoldier closed the distance between them and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, looking closely at the scrape on her cheek. Tony squirmed under Eve’s hands but it was no use.
Steve smiled and let him go again. “Not quite. Maybe next time.”
“You need medical attention,” she whispered, her hand light on his shoulder, and he just crumpled beneath it.
I'd love to know what you thought ;)
"What's wrong, Cap?" Tony asked softly, trying not to panic. Sleeping in the same bed had become habit for them, but now that things had changed--now that Steve had kissed him and they'd casually talked about spending the rest of their lives together--what if it was moving too fast? It wasn't for Tony--he was willing to put all his chips down on this one and not look back.
“Yeah, I died. I know. But we fought for so long, and I never thought that you would—”
"I want this fight over as fast as possible," Wanda said, and rose in the air, flying towards Red Skull. "Steve, Tony, protect Bucky and my brother. Sam, Natasha, with me."
“You’ve got a lot of uncles now, kiddo. I’m Rhodey,” Rhodey explained. He got down on one knee and held out his hand. Over his initial shyness, the boy bypassed the handshake and went in for a hug instead, then frowned up at him. “Where’s the cool armor?”
“You know, I can’t wait until you meet the future Mr. Potts.”
The cashier gave them a smile of recognition but pretended they were any other family getting ice cream on a summer afternoon. Once they got their ice cream, they went outside and sat on a bench looking over the water. Tony lifted Miles up onto his lap.
Miles sighed. “I miss dad too.”
Tony groaned. “Okay, okay, I’ll be more careful.”
“I know, buddy,” Tony sighed.
"You know damn well who." Of course, he'd never talked to Rhodey about this in his life. He knew he was being unfair.
“It was after we found Bucky,” Steve said, with the hint of a smile. “I think your exact words were, ‘you’re one of the best and stupidest men I’ve ever known.’”
“Steve,” Bucky said, and Steve turned.
“Dad, Pops, who is the big warrior? Is he friendly? Is he an enemy?” Miles pulled on his mask and got into a fighting stance.
They had stopped in front of Tony's door. Steve looked down. "Look, Tony..." He looked suddenly nervous and tense in just the same way he had on the day of their last mission—and first kiss.
“If you don’t want me to run the story, I don’t have to,” Karen added. “If you wanted to keep out of the press a little longer—”
“Is it that obvious?”
to hear those words and he closed his eyes, letting himself relax against Steve, like a coiled spring gradually releasing. “I missed you too."
“Come on.” Steve put Tony’s arm around his shoulders and held him up by the waist. Tony’s room was close to Miles’ so it wasn’t long before Tony finally slumped down onto his bed.
“How’s Steve’s whole recovering-from-being-a-walking-disaster thing going?” Tony asked.
Tony felt a hollow feeling in his chest. He knew Natasha had been close to him. Here they were again, feeling the same thing.
Steve smiled tiredly. “Okay.”
Peter looked up again, the eyes on his mask widening. “Really? Does this mean I’m the official Avengers babysitter?”
Miles became visible again and started laughing. Peter ran into the room, out of breath.
The reason they had gotten into this argument in the first place. “There’s no going back to how things were,” Tony stated flatly.
“I spent seventy years in an iceberg. I don’t get bored easily,” Eve replied humorlessly, slinging a towel over her shoulder as she turned away to get her water bottle.
“We’re fighting a war, Stark,” Steve said, and he sounded genuinely confused. “People have been trying to kill me since I made it clear that I value freedom over
“He’s fine,” Bucky reassured Steve. “Everybody’s fine. Stark found Wanda and she’s okay, too.” He looked up at Tony and this time he wasn’t glaring daggers. That was a start.
“My friend told me once that his mom and dad sleep in different rooms because they’re getting a divorce. Are you getting a divorce?” Miles eyes were bright with worry.
“It’s not about strength or size, Tony,” Steve pointed out. He stretched his shoulders, breathing out a deep sigh. “Jiu jitsu is actually perfect for someone like you or Nat.”
Tony shook his head, and shrugged bitterly. "I guess we'll see if that's enough."
Miles moved back slightly. “Are…are those your friends?”
Bucky raised his eyebrows. “She’s going to make him a tiny killing machine.”
“Doesn’t matter. And just so you know, I’m going to tease you to death, you little punk,” Bucky muttered. “So is he a good kisser?” he asked, wiggling his eyebrows.
Before they split ways again, Tony grabbed Steve's shoulder. "Wait--if the Stone can mess with time like this, what's to say if Red Skull hit you with the it he couldn't reverse your healing, or--"
Tony’s life changed the moment he found Steve in the ice. He would remember that day for the rest of his life. Over the years Steve had become his teammate, partner and best friend, and something else that there was no word for, but for the longest time he didn’t want to admit it even to himself. Ultimately he couldn’t lie to himself about it any longer, when he looked at Steve and felt that ache in his chest. It was the one thing he couldn’t tell anyone, not even his best friend.
“Is that guy even real,” Rhodey muttered. Tony could tell by the way Wanda and Pietro were standing close together that the name inspired real fear and hatred in them.
“Nobody’s going to be prepared for that,” Steve repeated.
“The suit can’t always protect you,” Natasha replied with a quirk of her eyebrow, and from over on the side of the gym Tony heard Clint call, “Again, again!”
“He means it,” Steve added. “If there’s one thing that gets Tony out of the lab it’s ice cream.”
“I don’t know what you’re going to do with that, but be careful. If exposed to air for enough time, it evaporates. If you inhale the fumes, it could make you very sick, even knock you out.”
“It’s not that I don’t want you to touch me,” Steve almost snapped, then clenched his jaw and looked down.
"Hey, let's at least take some time to make a plan there first, pal," Bucky added. "He has an Infinity Stone after all. Which is terrible news by the way. And it explains how the fuck he’s still alive."
“I did,” Steve interrupted. “I still do. I told you, I’m…better when I’m standing next to you too,” he added, but somehow it made him look even more broken.
“Who are you?” came the muffled response.
“My vision. I didn’t send it to you. I just…sent it.”
Steve nodded at her and then looked up at Tony.
The day was quickly becoming night, and they spent the rest of it discussing a hundred parts to their plan--what was the best way to fight someone wielding an Infinity Stone? Did they have any way of knowing how Red Skull had gained possession of the Stone? How many men could they expect to confront? It was almost impossible to estimate their number given their limited intel, so they focused their energies instead on Carol's debriefing on Infinity Stones and the problems they'd be likely to face from someone wielding one.
“Look, I throw up almost everything I eat."
"I can’t believe this whole time you were flirting with me," Steve interrupted, glancing down at Tony's lips and biting his own.
Steve jabbed the heavy bag once and then turned around. “Yeah?”
Tony watched a fragile bittersweet smile form on Natasha’s lips and then fade away as she held Clint's hand.
He put his coffee down suddenly as an invisible shape jumped on his shoulders and clamored around. Natasha ran into the room and put her hands on her hips, eyeing Sam, who was still clearly balancing an invisible stowaway.
"Damn right," Steve replied with a smile, cupping the side of Tony's face in his hand. Tony was mesmerized, watching Steve look down and brush his thumb over the side of Tony's beard. Steve looked so relaxed and happy it made Tony forget how bruised and tired he felt. Instead, he felt butterflies, and like his heart was about ready to leap right out of his chest.
"But, Jesus...
“Of course,” Bucky said with a smile.
They started off slow, Sam jogging next to Steve as he warmed up.
"Go!" Tony repeated. "I'm watching him."
“Congratulations, Captain,” Thor continued. “I truly am happy for you both.” He slapped Tony’s shoulder again.
Carol let out a laugh. “One thing at a time. I’ll have to ask your dads.”
Steve raised an eyebrow, and he looked as sure of himself as ever. "You will."
“I should have told you,” Tony repeated lamely, his voice catching in his throat, and then kissed Steve on the mouth.
“Hey buddy, let’s get you out of that suit. You need to sleep.”
Tony smiled disarmingly. “Always so formal with you military types. For the last time, call me Tony.”
"Alright, I'm not arguing," Bucky grumbled.
“I’m going to go get you an ice pack.”
Sam sipped his coffee. “What are we debating here?”
Miles was sitting on the side of his bed, his pajama’d legs sticking off the side. “Does this mean I get a big superhero family?”
"I do," Tony said immediately. He couldn't come up with anything to say after that so grabbed Steve's face and kissed him again, and really that was the most genius decision he could make.
Tony saw Steve move backwards slightly as the invisible boy ran into his arms. Wasp flew after him, hovering by Steve’s shoulder. Steve wrapped his arms around Miles and closed his eyes. “It’s going to be okay,” he whispered. “It’s going to be okay.”
“So how’s everything with Tony?” Sam asked and Steve stopped abruptly, clutching his stomach.
“I’m sure you will,” Tony said, coming into the room with Carol and Rhodey.
Steve turned and paced back, glancing at Carol. "When's the soonest we can move?"
Tony covered his mouth his hand to keep from giggling. “He thinks we’re married,” he whispered.
do it, okay?”
“Oh, that’s how it is?”
You really think we make that good of a team after—”
Steve turned quickly and walked away, heading to his room. He had nothing left to say.
“I’m going to put you down now, but you need to promise Aunty Nat that you won’t turn invisible, okay?” Natasha asked.
“Oh Tony!!!” she exclaimed, coming over to hug him, and pulling Rhodey in as well.
--and a woman on the back of a winged horse in the background. He shook his head in amazement, putting his phone away as he sat down next to Steve.
Sam flipped the paper over and handed it to him. “Nah, I think you’ll be pretty happy with this one.” He grinned.
Miles shook his head uncertainly.
“Look, if nothing else, you could never hurt your friendship by telling him. He cares about you enough to raise a child with you.”
“Bucky’s making pancakes,” Sam said, eyes wide. He looked down. “Okay, I’m just gonna…” He closed the door.
“I just wanted to say…Steve needs you. Maybe he doesn’t make it very clear.” Sam looked down. “You know, there’s something he used to say. ‘If we’re going to do this, we’re going to do this together.’ That can still be true.” He looked back at Tony.
Sam shuffled awkwardly into the kitchen.
Eve smirked. “I wouldn’t count on it.”
Tony got giddily to his feet and came to stand by Steve's side. "I could never say no to you, Cap. You know that. I've been just waiting to see you back in action."
“Not if they don’t have the list,” Tony said suddenly. “I deleted it.”
“All those things...all the things I said and did--I'm--I'm so, so sorry. I know that's not enough, but I hope you will allow me the chance to earn your friendship back. I don't deserve it...I just hope you'll let me, if that’s what you really want. I’m not half as good at anything as I am when I’m doing it next to you. And that's the truth.”
“We’re going to need that in a pajama version,” Tony mused to himself.
“Don’t worry about it. We’re getting along fine.”
Tony let out a half-sob, half-laugh as he stroked Steve’s skin. There was no scar where the bullet had hit him, and if it wasn’t for the fact that the exact location was seared into his mind, he wouldn’t have known where to look. He let out a deep breath and wrapped his arm around the back of Steve’s waist. As if on request, Steve rolled over slightly on top of him, resting his chin on the top of Tony’s head. Tony nestled himself under Steve, his hands resting lightly against his broad back.
Tony activated his armor from his wristwatch, his faceplate snapping down in seconds.
"Seems like a good place to lay low," Steve mused. "Haven't been able to locate him until now, and we've been looking. Reduced Avengers presence in the area too after what happened to SHIELD, I'd guess."
Steve looked up, his face hard. “No, I don’t,” he said coldly.
When Tony got back to his room, Steve was lying in bed wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants, fresh from the shower. Tony fell into bed with a groan.
Natasha shrugged. “Yeah, probably nothing to it.” She looked closely at Tony, then stood. “I’m going to bed. Goodnight, guys. Wake me up if anything happens.”
Tony blushed. “Thanks Bruce.”
By the time Miles’ bedtime came around, Tony figured he’d go to bed too. He promised Miles that they’d find the spider-bot and fix its programming tomorrow, and couldn’t help but grin at the excited look in Miles’ eyes.
“Damn right I am,” Eve countered, smiling slightly.
fault” face.
Steve looked sideways at Tony. Slyly. "Something tells me that's not happening tonight."
“I wouldn’t hurt you,” Steve said, voice quiet, and Tony finally sat down, burying his face in his hands.
“I’m not hungry,” Steve replied. “It’s like before the serum. I’m tired. And I can’t breathe.” He pressed a hand over his chest. And then darkly, "I
“Nice one, Steve!” Sam called.
Steve stopped abruptly. “Tony, we’ve talked about this. You did everything you could."
“Don’t be a bad influence on my son, alright kiddo?” Tony asked, yanking the mask of Peter’s head and tousling his hair. Peter glared at him.
“Tony,” he sighed.
“And Tony was like, there’s no way he’s bi, he’s got to be 150% straight minimum,” Rhodey was saying, and Natasha was pursing her lips, a smile on her face. Her hair was still in braids.
Bucky let out a laugh. “I’ve known the fucker for decades and he’s still figuring out new ways to piss me off so I wouldn’t be surprised.”
“Mmm?”
"It was that or look into the bottom of a glass, so, you know. I mean Bucky took all my booze but I would go looking."
Steve’s lips were parted, and he was looking down at Tony’s mouth.
“I’ve noticed Steve is doing better,” Wanda said cautiously. “He seems to less trouble doing things by himself. The poison is causing him less pain. I even heard him talking with Sam about going on a run soon.”
“Steve is…he’s not really like a brother to me,” Tony replied and Wanda’s brows furrowed.
“Don’t worry about it. Sorry I teased you.”
“Yeah and you couldn't stop talking about his eyes then either.”
Steve looked down, his cheeks beginning to turn pink. "Unless you're too tired. I know you were pretty wiped out last night."
Steve grinned and waved to them before giving Miles a little kiss on the forehead and going downstairs. Tony slumped down and stared into his coffee cup.
“I don’t know if he’ll make it, but he’s alive,” she said. “It’s lucky you got there when you did to shield him. The bullet only grazed his side.”
Red Skull suddenly feinted to the side and flew around Wanda, channeling magic towards Bucky in a blinding stream. Steve only barely managed to deflect it with his shield--he was sent flying with the force of the impact. Wanda threw Red Skull violently aside with her magic at the last minute.
“Cute pajamas,” the Hulk agreed.
It was a large room with concrete walls, boxes of what seemed to be weapons stacked along the sides. In the center of the room was a chair, the man in it unmistakable. Red Skull rose to his feet. A flash of anger and surprise darted across his face.
“What?”
He walked out of the living room.
Steve grinned. “Poor Miles, he felt really bad about it. I told him about the time that Nat broke one of my fingers and he felt better after that.”
“Good,” he replied, closing his eyes against Steve’s chest.
Steve raised his eyebrows, smiling, but then he continued. "It's...not just that. You tease me all the time about being 90 and being--"
The inside of the building was dark, and he could see the signs of a firefight on the walls. He was getting closer. He ran down a corridor into a larger storage room, and saw her, slumped on the floor by the far wall.
“Well, I’m sorry,” Wanda murmured, “I really didn’t mean to.”
“Steve?”
“Thanks, Pep,” Tony murmured.
“Easy there, Steve,” Bucky warned, holding Steve up as he swayed on his feet. As he had slowly improved, he had grown more and more impatient to get out of the hospital.
"No you don't, Tony," Wanda replied. He followed her gaze to Pietro, who was just getting into the quinjet as they approached.
He shook his head, pulled away and walked past her. "I'll be fine, kiddo."
“I hear congratulations are in order,” Fury said, his eye twinkling. “Give Cap my regards as well. It’s an unconventional arrangement you two have to be sure, adopting a kid together.”
Steve pulled his shirt over his head and Tony quickly disposed of his as well. He pulled Steve back into his arms, and ran his hands up Steve’s back and through his hair as they kissed. He kissed the side of Steve’s neck, and Steve sighed, his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Kisses down Steve’s chest earned more favorable noises.
Rhodey opened the door. “Glad to see you’re awake.” He shook his head, silent for a moment. "You had me really worried."
Tony rolled his eyes.
“What,” Tony breathed in disbelief. “How—”
“I wish I’d come out sooner,” Steve admitted.
“Tony,” he heard a soft voice at the door.
Steve shrugged, and smiled brighter, and there was something hard and fearless in his eyes. Tony thought he looked more like his old self than he had in a long while. "Like we finally have a lead. I'm ready to put an end to this."
“For saving his life.”
Tony really couldn’t imagine life without Miles. After a long, brutal training session, the Avengers were never too tired to play with him, run around with him and chase him, or in Tony’s case, fight a valiant but losing battle against his tiny opponent while Steve or Rhodey called out advice on how to beat “Iron Man.” It was as if Miles had been there all along, and Tony sometimes wished that he had been so that the he never would have seen the violence that Galactus unleashed on New York.
Tony didn't say anything, just looked at her, and gently bumped his shoulder into hers.
“I am?”
"Wh--huh, yeah," Tony managed. He was still picturing Steve naked and flushed and smiling at him, only hours before, in Steve's bed.
“Tony?”
Tony leapt up.
Tony smiled ruefully.
“Of course, Tony,” Jan said with a sigh, pursing her lips. “But you know I don’t think it’s me you have to worry about—”
Pepper put her hand on the side of his face. “You should go get some rest. Not just because there’s a hot supersoldier waiting in bed for you. Although that’s a good reason.”
. Steve’s jaw was set in a stubborn line. “You know you didn’t pull the trigger.”
“We just call it marriage,” Thor replied. “Can you imagine how much hell my sister would raise if she wasn’t allowed to marry her girlfriend one day?”
“Headed down to the lab?” Steve asked when Tony was done eating.
Tony looked around at the destruction. Most of the building was still intact after the battle for all the damage.
He felt light enough to fly before he even blasted off.
“Where are your parents?” Jan asked quietly.
“I have,” Steve whispered, holding onto Tony’s hand. “God, I never even listened, not even at the beginning. You wanted to talk about accountability, and I didn’t realize that I was—” He let out a breath as he collapsed on the couch again. “I was—”
“What about me?” Sam asked in consternation. “We all know I’m the handsome one.”
There had been so many battles, Tony had lost count at this point. It was familiar now, seeing Steve like this. What wasn’t familiar was how badly he was losing this time around.
“There’s plenty of room. Move over,” Steve whispered.
One long deep kiss and Tony was in a place where all he could think about was Steve's lips inches from his own. Steve breathed deeply and rested his forehead against Tony’s. Tony could stay in this moment forever, thumb brushing across Steve’s cheek.
Steve groaned. “You don’t mind? Will you sleep okay with me sharing the bed?”
Natasha grinned from ear to ear. Sam raised his eyebrows at Steve.
“I can’t, not when…” he gestured at the door in front of them.
Sam and Bucky stared at him in shock, and Steve, too, his confusion showing through his exhaustion. But Natasha didn’t even blink. Tony realized distantly that she had probably been hoping, even expecting he would do this—she wasn’t willing to keep going down this path that had brought so much devastation any more than he was. At least she wasn’t disappointed in him too.
Steve sighed and nodded, seeming to accept what Tony was saying. “So, if you feel that way, why would you try to shut me out?”
Steve nodded. “Okay. If it gets too late though, I’m going to come and get you, and I’m more than capable of carrying you out of there by force if I need to.”
“I’m not old-fashioned,” Steve teased and Miles looked at Tony.
Steve was smirking at him now. “No you didn’t. You had a crush on me since you were a kid.”
“I’m sorry, but I need the room,” Helen murmured, and Tony snapped awake.
The factory was deserted except for the guards she had already eliminated. These weren’t Tony’s people, Wanda realized, looking down at one man she had knocked unconscious with a dart of red magic. If they were they would have been paid better, she thought, breathing out a humorless laugh. Of all the things Tony Stark was, he wasn’t stingy with his money. She could tell by the simple uniform and cheap shoes that these guys were working for someone else. That and the fact that something about the darkened factory made the hair at the back of her neck stand on end. What was going on here?
Tony lifted Steve’s hand from the side of his waist where it was pressed. Steve winced as Tony lifted up the hem of his shirt.
“You don’t get to do that to me,” Steve hissed. “Look at me.”
“Hey,” Tony whispered, putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder. “We’ve dealt with guys just like this before. Nothing Iron Man and Captain America can’t handle.”
“Thanks,” Tony shot back, but Bucky just looked at him challengingly.
Bucky picked up the glass in his prosthetic hand, lifted his head back and drained it slowly, savoring it.
“Dad!”
Bucky shrugged. “Better, I guess. You’ve been spending a lot of time with him too. What do you think?”
Tony thought and rubbed his face in his hands, trying to shake the thought away, but it was so horrible he didn’t think he could focus on anything else.
“You pick, Rogers.”
Steve was silent, his brow furrowed angrily.
“Ooohhhhhh, beat you again,” Carol crowed, putting down the controller. Rhodey groaned.
“After Nat was done dragging me across the mat." They both knew what he’d been doing in the lab, but they didn’t talk about it. With a poison that powerful, Hydra was even more of a dangerous enemy than before. Even a small dose had nearly killed Steve, and when it didn’t, put him out of commission for a long time. They’d all sleep easier once they had a lead.
