He shrugs off his jacket and his jeans, gets into bed, and pulls on his massive noise-cancelling headphones. He pretends not to notice the soft knocking at the door twenty minutes later, which he can’t hear but he can feel reverberating through the wall, through his headboard, right through his heart. He pretends not to swipe at the tears gathering at the corners of his eyes, and he reaches under the bed for his secret bottle of the good scotch his uncle Bobby got him for his twenty-first birthday. A few swigs and the pain in his chest starts to loosen, if not ease.
“Totally fine, Dean-o! Happens to the best of us. I was having a rough day myself and sometimes you just need a gentle head massage from Cassie here to fix you right up. You know how it is.” Gabriel turns around to see if he can scope out an opening to order, and, spotting one, he hops down from his stool and grabs what is the first of several rounds.
It couldn’t be true, could it? Dean doesn’t want to dare to hope, doesn’t want to even give himself anything to wish for. After all, if it were true—if Cas did like him, especially in the way that Dean is head over heels, he could also take the initiative.
Of course, the church didn’t recognize marriage equality, even St. Henry’s, although there were many queer couples that regularly attended, somehow reconciling their faith with their personal romantic or sexual lives. Even though Castiel knew Naomi and Hannah and the others with whom he kept in regular contact would be totally fine with his sexuality, he’d never brought it up or discussed it.
When Cas finally pulled back, both of them breathing hard and staring shyly at one another, he asked, “That answer your question?”
Dean didn’t follow Castiel back inside, but he smirked knowingly, and Castiel wanted to throw his hands up and scream.
“And they – they want you to drive all the way out here every day just to, ah, help me?” Castiel said, his brain finally rerouting around the short-circuit Dean’s appearance had created.
Toward their first weekend together he drummed up a tub of salve for Dean’s sore muscles, and though he wished he’d been bold enough to offer to rub it into Dean’s back and neck, he let the other man take it into his room for later.
“Of course that’s okay, Dean. This is your home too, for as long as you’re here. You have complete and total free reign.”
Whoever he saw, whatever city they happened to be in, Dean liked going alone and resting his mind and body for a few hours with deliciously greasy food and nowhere to be.
Very occasionally, when Dean Winchester wasn’t on a case, when his younger brother fucked off to the library for some light reading that had nothing to do with monsters, or when Sammy hit the local track field knowing Dean would never come with him, when nobody was actively trying to kill them – when he had time to himself – Dean liked to go to greasy spoon diners and sit for a while.
Castiel looked at Dean, who, for the first time, was avoiding his gaze. “You’re not a ‘basket case,’ Dean,” he said, air quotes and all, which made Dean chuckle. “You’re a good man doing a good service. Helping a crotchety old invalid get around his house.”
“Of course,” Castiel said, and he turned to head back inside, but not before glancing over his shoulder one last time at Dean, who had already started digging through his supplies, extracting a pair of gloves and sliding them on. They fit like they were made for him.
Dean drinks as much as he can without barfing and swallows the pills, already feeling a little better, and if he smiles despite the hangover, nobody needs to know.
They texted, sure, on and off for weeks at a time, ‘til Dean had to ditch his phone and then wait to pick up a new one, then reassure Cas that it was really him contacting from yet another strange number. But texting wasn’t the same as sitting in their favorite booth, Dean’s hands enveloped in Cas’ big warm ones, the chill of winter or the chill of fear or both seeping out of his bones when the other man smiled at him.
Dean read in silence mostly, his lips moving occasionally. It was very distracting for Castiel, who was trying and failing to focus on next month’s schedule. He rarely re-ran material and tried to make sure his work was original and unique and pertinent. A pile of fan letters lay open and scattered around him as he picked through them for new ideas.
And wasn’t it a thought that twisted something behind his ribs and took the breath right out of him.
But Castiel had never been ashamed of who he was, and he had never had cause to believe that his attraction to men made him inherently sinful.
Returning to his verses from the book of James, he thought about what he wanted to write. The chapter went on to discuss the motivations for asking for what you wanted, and Castiel scratched away, reminding his readers that they should not simply ask for gifts or tangible rewards simply because they were angry and jealous of their neighbor for having those same prizes. He knew not to ask for company in his life because he was grateful for the friends he did have, but Dean seemed different from the others.
“You okay, man?” Dean asks, steadying Cas with one hand while the other grips his towel tightly, because that’s the last thing he needs right now. It’s bad enough that Cas has to rustle up post-hangover care for his dumbass a few nights ago, but Dean definitely does not need anyone seeing him naked at the moment.
“Oh hey, morning, sunshine. You got any other mugs? Don’t wanna take yours,” Dean said, like they’d been sharing a house for ages instead of less than twenty-four hours.
But Dean didn’t seem to pause at the religious paraphernalia scattered around the house. Instead he grinned and told Castiel that he would probably be doing the grocery shopping around here for a while. “With your arm and everything,” he said, as though Castiel had forgotten.
Castiel nodded, finally tearing his eyes away from the rain. “That sounds wonderful, Dean. Thank you.”
but he restrained himself. But he sensed that Dean was feeling something out, though he didn’t know exactly what, and he wasn’t about to ask. “I had a handful of short-term relationships, but Mick and I ended up being much better off as friends.”
Castiel put down his pen and took off his reading glasses, contemplating as he cleaned them slowly. When he’d readjusted them on his face, he replied, “I do like being alone, but I just haven’t found anyone I’m comfortable sharing my life with, you know, full time. I have my routine and my habits and others might find them… odd. If I were going to start a relationship, it would have to be with someone who accepts my lifestyle as it is.”
Castiel nearly flipped around in his seat, ignoring that his face was suddenly much too close to Dean’s, who didn’t move back.
. He liked that. No one had ever given him a nickname before, and here was Dean, barely an hour into meeting him, and already talking to him like he was a friend. Like he mattered.
He’d had the cast on for about a week, the smell of plaster faded, when he heard the obnoxious rumble of an engine outside. The sound startled him and Castiel jumped about a foot in the air. He never heard anyone around the cabin, not visitors, not solicitors, not even unfortunately lost souls wandering around looking for another address. The sound of the car approaching had cut straight through his thoughts and now he couldn’t even remember what he had been ruminating on.
Not that he would have minded that at all. But Dean definitely would, so he stayed put, content with Dean’s fingers squeezing his own.
“Of course. Please let know how much you need. I can give you my card, or I can pay you back, however you’d prefer.”
“You gonna stay out all night?” he asks, a little more harshly than he means to, while knotting the Windsor tightly around Cas’s neck.
Who turned out to be extraordinarily handsome, in a quiet, understated and totally unexpected sort of way. Sure, Cas had a bad case of bedhead, which definitely did not make Dean think of rolling over in the morning to find him looking down at Cas’ impossibly straight nose, chapped lips like pink rose petals, and the stormiest of ocean blue eyes.
“I just wanted to let you know that my cousin Gabriel would have liked to meet you. He was the one here the other day when you, uh, wanted to be alone.”
Dean didn’t call Castiel out on his lies; all he said was, “Okay. Next time, check your phone or call me back. Please.”
Nothing in the house was out of place, so he wasn’t sure if Dean had even eaten dinner. When he checked the fridge, he saw that Dean had made himself the last of the leftovers, so grocery shopping was definitely a must first thing tomorrow morning.
Dean swallows hard. It wasn’t a date. It wasn’t some dude Cas has been fucking on the side. It was his goddamn
He busied himself clearing their empty plates, rinsing them and leaving them in the sink for later. “Sure, Dean. If you want, you can proofread them before I send them out. I usually work on a couple at a time so I don’t procrastinate and forget until the last minute.”
“Sam’d love you, the way your brain works to come up with the shit you tell your readers,” Dean had said earlier in the evening as he marveled at Castiel’s words. “Bet he’d love to pick your brain about the righteousness of lawyers.”
Dean didn’t even have space to be annoyed that his little brother already knew, his heart full to bursting as he gently set his phone down again and rolled over to cuddle up behind a sleeping Cas, thinking about getting breakfast at their diner in the morning.
Until now. He couldn’t get the image of Dean chopping wood out of his head, and he shivered all over every time he pictured it. At the same time that he felt hotblooded and tingly, he also felt deeply ashamed that he was lusting so badly over his guest.
Cas blinks. “Charlie’s a lesbian. She’s dating Dorothy Baum. I think she’s in your calculus class, actually.”
Castiel loved the way Dean’s fingers fit neatly between his, but it made his heart thump hard in his chest and he needed to calm down. Castiel struggled a bit to pour the whiskey without letting it spill; between his bad hand and his pounding heart, it was a miracle he got any liquid into the glasses at all.
Right after midterms Dean comes home from work to find Cas sitting on the couch with someone Dean’s never seen before. The guy has his head in Cas’ lap and Cas is carding his fingers through the dude’s hair and muttering things in a low, soothing voice. Dean stands in the doorway for a minute, watching as Cas whispers sweet nothings with a look on his face that doesn’t quite match, and Dean feels like he’s been thrown out of orbit.
Things like, “I like spending time with you, Cas,” after they’d wrapped up another evening with a nightcap and a hot fire spreading warmth throughout the den.
Not that the thought totally escaped him. Maybe throwing himself down a mountainside would be preferable than facing Dean and having to dance around the fact that he had clearly been checking the other man out.
“You can help yourself to anything you’d like. Normally I’d make lunch in about an hour, and I can have a plate ready for you or you can eat when you want. I don’t want to hold you to any schedule, Mr. Winchester,” Castiel said, trying not to stare at the man.
Dean had managed to reconstruct the planter’s boxes that Castiel had haphazardly put together; it wasn’t that his original boxes were shoddy, just that Dean clearly had so much more skill with a hammer and nails, or even Castiel’s old drill. They looked perfectly neat, straight lines and sharp corners sanded down. Dean had even stained them dark so they blended better into the whole garden setup.
They waste plenty of time fogging up the windows in the Impala, and then Dean drags Cas out of the car, stopping to press him against the brick wall of the alley and up every other step on the way to their apartment. Cas’s hands are hot all over him, clutching at his shoulders, digging into his waist, grabbing his ass, and Dean walks backward, mouth still attached to Cas’s collarbone, to his bedroom.
No, that wasn’t true. He was just a stupidly good-looking man and Castiel had been without company for far too long.
Instead he explained most of it, glossing over his father’s death and the fact that he’d had a change of heart, and instead going on and on about how good the St. Henry’s congregation and staff had been to him when he’d first arrived in the middle of the woods, buying a house he could barely afford and having no idea what he was going to do with the rest of his life.
didn’t get it, having no idea that his joke put thoughts in Castiel’s head. Not of nuns or priests, but of the two of them, uncovered and laid bare for one another, skin sliding together. If Dean wanted to be spanked with a ruler, that was something Castiel could find himself amenable too, and God,
“Cas, man, your glass still had lipstick on the other side of the rim, and you’re drinking from it, ain’t ya? Gimme the damn ketchup bottle.”)
They do end up meeting Gabriel at a bar just off campus on Saturday night, and Dean immediately apologizes upon sitting down at a high-top table in the far corner.
He didn’t know how to feel about having someone else run errands for him. Occasionally one of the ladies at church, Naomi’s little pet circle of widows and women who never married, would swing by and drop off a Tupperware container full of cookies or brownies, or handmade Christmas gifts from the congregation to show their appreciation for Castiel’s weekly columns. Once a month Naomi sent Hannah, her assistant, a pretty woman in her mid-thirties who liked Castiel far more than Castiel liked her, but he was too polite to bring up her obvious crush and she was too polite to impose on him for longer than necessary. She brought his fan mail, as she called it, but Castiel didn’t think of it like that. It pleased him that his words brought others joy and comfort, that they could write to him with problems and situations that he could then address in later weeks, once he had done his research and found the proper scripture to attach to each sermon.
Castiel tilted his head, sure a bug had flown into his ear and blocked his auditory ability. “You what?”
Taken aback and a little teary, Castiel told Dean how impressed he was with his work. “You’ve really made this look so much more beautiful than I ever imagined.”
” It focused on not only the jealousy of wanting what others have, but fighting to take it away from them. Why break a man down because he has something you want? Castiel asked in his writing. Why have hate in your heart for another’s possessions or good fortune, when you have done nothing to ask God to help you help yourself, to help you get it?
“Will your car be alright?” Castiel had noticed most of his front yard turning to mud, but other than the tires, the Impala seemed okay out there. The rivers of rain shined on her hood, making the car look sleeker than usual.
At half-past eight, breakfast cooling on the kitchen table and no Dean in sight, Castiel made a decision and before he could second-guess it, he found himself outside of the guest bedroom door, hand raised to knock. It swung open, revealing a freshly-showered Dean, water still clinging to the ends of his hair.
Castiel avoided Dean for the rest of the day. Well, as much as he could in the tiny house. He left Dean a plate of sandwiches and pasta salad with a note on it and slipped around through the side door when he heard the other man coming into the house to clean up and eat. Wincing at the engine turning over when he started his truck, he hoped Dean wouldn’t know he was running away.
And he wanted to, anyway, even without the burst of a schoolboy crush mingling in his bloodstream, making his brain die a thousand tiny deaths every time Dean did something sweet. Castiel wanted to see the work Dean was so obviously proud of, to watch him as he crafted things with his hands, especially when one of Castiel’s own was useless.
But Dean had been staring. For how long, Castiel didn’t know. Long enough that he had stopped and worked up the sneeze that nearly ripped Castiel’s soul from his body.
“You’re outta your mind, man! Plus all the ones underneath would hardly get any. No, see, you’ve gotta pour plenty on the side so you can get what you need per fry.”
“That’s still extremely brave of you. You signed up for a war machine not knowing if you would make it back, and you did it because you loved your father and admired his service, right?”
Wednesday morning, they took Castiel’s truck for the long drive into town. He offered to let Dean take his own car but Dean, surprisingly, declined.
He gave a cursory stop to his little vegetable plants, the only area of the yard that was clean and upkept. There wasn’t much left, since he’d eaten a good chunk of it as it grew, and he’d never had a particularly large haul, but Dean seemed to think it was neat that he was able to grow his own food.
And, “You’re such a good cook, even with your one arm. I thought I was good,” Dean admitted, almost shyly, “but you’re really something, the way you whip up these meals. You make it look easy.”
But the moment passed and Dean found himself driving away, back to their hotel in Indiana, set on pushing the speed limit by at least twenty miles, lest he throw his hands up and turn back around to  head back to Cas’ place.
He ended up driving around for hours, going nowhere at all. The area surrounding his cabin was full of rough terrain and mountain trails that, blessedly, his truck handled like a champion. Might get a little dirty, but Castiel didn’t mind bumping along. It gave him something to concentrate on, keeping the wheel steady and his tires on the tracks so he didn’t veer off a cliff.
“To clean, I mean,” Castiel said, and then cursed himself in his head. Why couldn’t he be normal, he wanted to shout to the treetops. But Dean laughed and the spell over the moment broke, and after Dean had taken a shower and come out smelling like the lotion Castiel had given him, they settled down for a Friday night of correcting Castiel’s latest column for the church.
But they went back to the bunker so Dean could sleep in his own bed and make sure of his decision to go. He needed to psych himself up a little, and the next morning he showered and had breakfast with Sam before taking off like a shot.
Castiel definitely did not mean to put it that way and he hid his shame in another huge bite of bacon. He did, however, momentarily forget how idiotic he sounded as he watched Dean eat. It was as though Dean had never had a good homecooked meal, and this wasn’t even the best Castiel could do. When he really wanted to—needed to, rather, when he craved comfort food in the form of scratch-made chicken and dumplings or a sizzling pan of steak fajitas or the occasional crisp edges of salted caramel brownies, Castiel could throw down in the kitchen.
Dean finally drops one hand to put his fingers under Cas’s chin, tilting his head up until Cas is looking him in the eye. “Then it’s the greatest thing I’ve ever heard.”
“Whatcha doing, man?” he asks, the incident with that girl flying out of his head. Cas looks nice. Not that he doesn’t usually look nice; whereas Dean will grab whatever smells clean off his pigsty of a floor and throw it on, uncaring of wrinkles or small stains, Cas likes to look at least a little more put together. So a button-up isn’t unusual, but the way Cas’s hands are fumbling over the buttons are. The frown on his face is definitely out of place too.
Castiel didn’t want to ruin Dean’s mood, but he wanted to know about his parents, and said so. Dean retained a hint of a rueful smile when talking about his mother, who’d died in a house fire when Dean was four and his brother was just a six-month-old baby.
Though struggling to retain focus on the sound of his breathing and his heartbeat pounding in his ears, coming down from the high of his exercises, Castiel kept his eyes shut and focused on the way the sunshine warmed his skin. There were forecasts of heavy rain for later that weekend and they had been lucky enough to avoid it the day before, but the air was beginning to tingle ever so slightly with warning. He thought about how they might spend their afternoon inside, maybe baking cookies or pies, then warming themselves in heavy sweaters and fuzzy socks by the fire, so well-stocked with Dean’s fresh supply of firewood. Castiel’s mind drifted and he allowed each pleasing thought to buzz through him and then pass on, as though he were floating down a river in his mind.
But Cas took two strides over and grabbed Dean by his coat, and before Dean realized what was happening, Cas pressed his mouth to a very surprised hunter.
, just fucking perfect, now Dean’s horny and sad and a little drunk, the absolute worst combination of all time. It makes him want to sleep forever to avoid his feelings and at the same time leap off his bed, burst into the living room and kick out the other man lying in Cas’s lap.
Cas tries to tug his hands back but Dean refuses to let go. Dean is a little shocked that Cas sighs in defeat and keeps his eyes down; he’s never seen his roommate anything other than calm and collected, confident in his own quiet way.
Castiel immediately wanted to know what he would turn planks and boards into. If his hands had created something as beautiful as a garden, even better than Castiel had envisioned it, he needed to know what else Dean was capable of. But he tried to reel in some of his overenthusiasm; he didn’t want to scare Dean off or seem desperate.
Because that’s what he was, in essence, doing. Giving into cowardice, unable to calm himself enough to face Dean, Cas was fleeing.
Only undress, and oh God, that sends another stabbing pain through Dean, this time somewhere in his belly, low and pulsing, an ugly thing.
Because, God forgive him, he wanted so badly to finish with Dean. In all ways, every way, from now until forever.
The thought tugged at his mind as he scratched underneath his cast with his pen. Silently he gave thanks once again for Dean, as he had frequently done over the past few days. The man helped him more than he knew.
“I’m sure you have, Mr. Novak,” Dean said, “but I’m afraid I have to insist. Wouldn’t want you to further injure yourself, and besides, I could use the, ah, civilian work experience.” And he winked. Who did that anymore! What man on earth honestly winked at another man?
But at diners, Dean liked to watch all kinds of people. Families out for Sunday breakfast, or night owl students highlighting notes for their finals over shared plates of chicken fingers.
“’M here, ain’t I?” Dean asked, not unkindly, and again Castiel nodded. “And you could never be a burden.”
Straightening up, Cas said, “Yes, if anything goes bump in the night, feel free to come to my room.”
Castiel could only imagine that he would have to bury himself underground like a time capsule and refuse to come out until everyone he knew had died if he accidentally kissed Dean, especially upon waking from a nap like some sort of Sleeping Beauty.
Turning around, Dean says louder, more clearly, “Had to get to class, man. You know how much Rodrigo hates when we’re late.”
Cas looks up at the noise and when Dean comes back in the room, Cas has carefully rearranged his features in a far more neutral expression rather than the wrinkled forehead, mouth pulled tight one he’d had a few seconds ago.
“What do you think, Dean?” Castiel asked, in an effort to have a more normal conversation with the man. He didn’t constantly want to be talking about task lists or bring up his own obvious avoidance again, and Dean rarely offered much about himself, always asking what Cas was up to anyway, so he figured he’d get Dean’s opinion. “Should we bring the church into the modern age?”
He dragged Dean over to the small pile of lumber, including the broken boards that had snapped in half when he’d fallen down the stairs, and pointed out his small toolbox as well. Dean bent low, crouching over it as he opened the rusting box, the sound of metal scraping metal as he moved things around.
He asked God to eliminate the lust in his heart, to forgive him for his impure thoughts about his guest, to grant him serenity and guide him in being a good host and a friendly person, not a total creep breathing heavily every time a sliver of skin peeked out from under Dean’s shirt.
But mostly he liked the food. There was something about the cheap homecooked-style meals that he could never get enough of. Sam preferred his rabbit food, as Dean called it; kale salads and quinoa burgers and bean burritos. It tasted fine, and Dean could admit to sneaking a bite of his tofu wrap on occasion, but he couldn’t fathom how Sam subsisted on vegetables alone, and he much preferred the well-proportioned plates of two eggs over-easy with home fries, sausage links, and toast. A side of silver dollar pancakes if he was extra hungry, or he might go with eggs Benedict if he was feeling fancy that day.
He liked that diners served up any type of meal, anytime. He could go at two in the morning or two in the afternoon and get the same plate if he wanted. He could go after a night out of drinking when the bars closed at three, dragging Benny or Charlie out with him to soak up the whiskey in his stomach. He could go with any friend he wanted when he was on the road, passing through while he and Sammy worked, grabbing a BLT with Bobby or sharing a plate of disco fries with Donna and Jody if he felt like it.
But he couldn’t. Dean wasn’t there for a relationship, he wasn’t there for love. He was there to help Castiel until he healed and that was it. After Castiel’s arm had mended and after the doctor removed the cast—maybe not immediately but within a week or so afterward—Dean would be on his way, possibly helping out someone else.
He inhales sharply, nearly letting go of his breath and lashing out at Cas, nearly getting in his face, nearly pushing him against the wall to tell his roommate that he is
No warning, no heads-up from Naomi or anyone else at the church. Just plopping a drifting vet on his doorstep without so much as a
He inhaled deeply, filling his lungs with fresh air, pushing them as far as they would expand, and he exhaled. Ready to try again, Castiel repositioned himself on his folded blanket on the porch, folding his legs one over the other, resting his wrists on his knees.
“If you want to come outside, I can show you what I’ve got planned for your yard. When you’re done,” he said, raising his hands as though trying not to spook Castiel.
Goodness, he would have to control himself a little better going forward. Five weeks was going to feel like an eternity if Castiel kept trying and failing to flirt with a man who was only here to help him while he healed.
“Thanks for getting that,” Dean said, reaching around Castiel to grab his glass off the counter. His hand brushed Castiel’s hip and he took an infinitesimal step forward.
After he’d gotten used to the idea, Castiel was a lot more likely to accept Dean’s offer of a drink or dinner or just a quick stop-in to say hey before or after cases. Sometimes during, if Dean could swing it. He managed to make his way up to that part of the Midwest about every three or four months, sometimes making an excuse to go out of their way to see the professor.
Castiel put down the letter he was reading, or pretending to read, and looked Dean in the eye. “You know you don’t have to atone for any sins here. This isn’t confessional. I’m not going to tell you to say ten Hail Marys or punish yourself for anything you think you’ve done wrong. I’m not a priest,” he reminded them both.
Castiel sighed and he felt the tension shrug out of his body, a pinched pain in his shoulders from keeping them so tight around his ears the whole morning. He stared down at the dishes, frustration on his face as though it was their fault he wanted to charge up the stairs after Dean and help him wash his hair.
He left Dean to his own devices, instead of sticking around as the other man carefully unpacked his things, neatly folding flannel shirts and tees into one of the drawers in the small dresser Castiel had put in the room on a whim. He hadn’t imagined ever needing to use it, or that anyone else ever would, but there Dean was. Cas heard the quiet snick of the drawers closing as Dean put his possessions away Castiel’s spare room.
He didn’t immediately spot Dean when he got outside, but then he caught sight of movement to his left and turned to see Dean, shirtless and chopping wood with an axe that Castiel was sure he pulled from nowhere, because Castiel couldn’t remember ever buying one. Then again, he couldn’t remember his own name at that moment.
“Well, I haven’t seen you since you took off like a bat outta hell, and then you didn’t come home all day. I was worried. You didn’t even answer your phone. Where did you go?”
Dean hoped the flush on his face wasn’t as visible under the overhead lighting, but fluorescents gave everything away. It was hopeless. Dean was hopeless, his crush on Cas twisting his gut as he tried to deflect with sarcasm. “Ah, Cas, that’s sweet. I didn’t know you cared.” He flashed Cas a grin, but something tingled through his veins at the look on the other man’s face.
wished that were the case. He would have liked Dean to take care of him upstairs, under the covers, skin sliding on skin and—
Castiel tried not to think of all the ways in which he would love to spoil Dean—with premium flannel shirts and a new pair of boots and a memory foam mattress if he could afford it, all the softest things he could wrap Dean in so he would always feel like he was being hugged. So he could always feel loved.
Early mornings aside, Castiel found Dean’s company throughout the day to be pleasant and not the least bit overbearing. Dean didn’t stay attached to his side like a new puppy; instead, he cleared up around the house while Castiel worked, sweeping the porch and mopping the floors in the kitchen after lunch and even wrestling with the old vacuum once during the week. He found a drill that miraculously still worked shoved away and just this side of rusty out in a shed behind the house and managed to hook up a scrub brush to it so that he could get the grout between the bathroom tiles really, really clean.
Castiel had never dreamed of getting married—although a good Catholic should take a spouse and procreate, that didn’t seem to be in the cards for him. But even before his quiet life now, even before seminary, he had never imagined that anyone could want him.
Their first week of living together wasn’t the most awkward, but it certainly took some getting used to. Castiel learned that Dean was usually up and in the kitchen making coffee a full hour before he’d even rolled out of bed. He heard the clanging in the kitchen and, forgetting entirely that there was another person in the house, as though Dean’s arrival had been some sort of lovely dream, rushed downstairs, only to find Dean digging through his cabinets.
He sounded definitive, decided, and the thought gave the hope that bubbled in Castiel’s chest the tiniest of flutters.
“Yeah, she’ll be fine. Nothin’ doing in her today. Tomorrow I’ll have to wait until the ground dries again to pull her around, so she doesn’t get stuck. Hey, what d’ya say we get a fire going later, make some comfort food for dinner tonight?”
Except that was all he could think of, the calm of his meditations completely vanishing from his mind.
Inhaling deeply, Castiel said, “Would you like me to leave you to work? I can let you know when lunch is ready.”
“Yeah, that sounds good. You should definitely bring it up. I got the feeling that Miss Naomi trusts you, so she’d probably take whatever you want to change into consideration. I mean, I would. You know this stuff better than anybody.”
And maybe Castiel could help Dean with whatever it was that clearly plagued him. Despite his sunny smile and demeanor that reminded Castiel of a golden retriever puppy, he was a vet. He didn’t know how many tours Dean had completed, but he could imagine that even basic training would leave some mental and physical scars.
“You gotta tell me, Cas. Is it—is this—do you… like me? Like I like you? I mean… I’m kinda in love with you here?” He said it like it was a question, like if Cas said that he didn’t feel the same way, Dean could play it off as though he was only asking if what he was feeling was love and he could deny it plausibly later.
“I should—I should go to bed,” Castiel whispered a hair’s breadth away from Dean’s mouth, the entirety of the short sentence taking all his strength.
At the cash register, they loaded everything up and Castiel tried not to flinch at the total. It was, after all, his project that they were spending so much money on, and it wasn’t as though he blew cash on anything else. This was his baby, Cas supposed.
He should have gone to the grocery store, but he’d left his list at home and he cursed himself for it. At least if he’d picked up their weekly supply, he could have brought it home and made excuses, like he would have waited for Dean but he figured maybe the other man would’ve liked to rest and relax rather than completing more chores, especially after working so hard all morning.
“So, where are you guys going?” he asks, ignoring Cas as he holds up two different ties to his reflection, as though trying to decide which one works best with his dark jeans and slicked-over hair. Dean secretly thinks no tie is best, but he doesn’t say anything about Cas’s fashion choices. Especially because he’s not the one Cas is supposed to be trying to impress.
“Who’s this?” Dean turned the photograph around so Cas could see it more clearly, though he didn’t need to.
“Cas, Cas, wait. Wait!” he says a little louder than he means to, and Cas pulls back, fear and shame in his eyes.
They’d already eaten, so they remained holding hands as they talked, Dean brushing his thumb back and forth over Cas’s knuckles. It was one of the best nights Dean had had in a long while.
“I’ve got a date,” Cas replies without looking at Dean, and Dean turns his choked-on saliva into a hacking cough.
“All of them are real, Cas,” Dean reminded him over a shared plate of crispy buffalo wings, complete with bleu cheese and celery sticks.
“That’s absolutely terrible. How can you keep doing this job at risk to your limbs like that?” he asked, but Dean laughed it off.
Castiel remembered Naomi mentioning it once or twice, when he dropped by the rectory to collect his paychecks. She didn’t believe in direct deposit, which suited Castiel just fine because he looked forward to the excuse to get out of his house. He had never paid much attention, and now he wished to Heaven he had.
And Castiel looked up, probably imagining that he was hearing a hint of hesitation in Dean’s voice. “We chat every once in a while on the phone, but he went back to London after we graduated. When he’s in town, he’ll visit, but unfortunately that isn’t very often.”
As it turned out, despite his internal panic at mentioning it, Castiel wasn’t the one to bring it up. That night, after a lot of heavy lifting and hot bowls of fresh corn chowder, complete with crusty bread and bacon bits and swirls of sour cream mixed in, while Cas was taking notes from the last of that week’s letters, Dean picked up a framed picture off the shelf.
Dean nodded sympathetically. “I hear you. My dad would’ve beat my ass if I left a sink full after dinner. Everything had to be done as soon as possible. ‘Why do tomorrow what you can do right this fuckin’ minute,’ right?”
“Hey,” Dean said. He tugged on Cas’ hand, gripping it even more tightly. “I promise, okay? I’d never let anything bad happen to Sammy.”
Like a child, Castiel ensconced himself in the morning newspaper, head bent low over the sports page, which he never normally read. He grunted in response to Dean’s cheery “Morning, sunshine!” and reached around the widespread pages for his coffee cup.
Dean pops into the bedroom down the hall, thankful that the door is open because man, does he have to tell Cas about what happened in Calc II today. He leans around the doorframe and sees Cas standing in front of his floor-length mirror, fussing with a button-up shirt and muttering to himself.
“Of course,” he said again, turning back to start the dishes so that Dean couldn’t see his face. “Don’t worry about taking your time in there.”
“I’m not done yet, Cas, don’t you worry,” Dean said, shaking a finger at him. “I’ve got plans for you. For your house, I mean. If that’s okay.”
Dean beamed at him like he had won the lottery. “I’ll get my stuff,” he said, and he hopped off the porch with both feet, landing as gracefully as a cat. Castiel watched as he rummaged through the trunk of his car, pulling out a single duffel bag, army green like his jacket. Dean hauled it back up to the porch and Castiel, suppressing another sigh, held the door open for him as he let him enter his sanctuary of a cabin.
It was a trick of the light that Dean seemed to look almost disappointed, his eyes shifting from the floor back up to Cas and down again. Yes, Castiel definitely imagined the soft pout of his lips, and he knew he had to be strong in his resolve.
And the blush on Dean’s cheeks, heating up his face under his freckles, returned. Castiel wondered what it would look like spread over his neck and chest and all down his body. He couldn’t stop staring and he knew Dean knew that he was looking at him a little too long.
That surprised a chuckle out of Castiel, who glanced at Dean’s outstretched legs around the side of the table and saw that the man had removed his heavy boots, trading them for socks patterned with hamburgers. He laughed again and waved away Dean’s apology.
He’s not Soraya, or any of the other pretty girls that always seem to flock to Cas before, during, and after his classes. He’s just Dean, Cas’s roommate for the last three years.
And Castiel couldn’t stand the thought of Dean bumping shoulders with anyone else, of weeding anyone else’s garden, of spending nights curled on the couch with anyone else, having a drink and talking about whatever thoughts popped into their heads. He pictured Dean with a faceless man, someone else who could give Dean what he wanted, who wasn’t awkward and repressed and uncomfortable with expressing desire, someone who didn’t disappear inside his own head when the guilt and shame of never finishing school, never becoming what his family wanted, never becoming a functioning, productive member of society and instead retreating into the woods like a creepy hermit—
Castiel tried to ignore the way Dean’s jeans stretched over his thighs, the denim straining against his muscular legs. He looked up, squinting against the sky, and waited until Dean was done pawing through his toolbox.
Castiel simply stared after Dean as the other man placed his glass in the kitchen sink, then ambled up the stairs.
Their knees bumped under the table and Dean couldn’t stop grinning. He didn’t even blush at taking Cas’s hand in his, holding it there as they sipped their drinks and caught up, finally, words bubbling out of them, too many to have texted over the last several months.
He tried to put it out of his mind, then. He hadn’t gotten laid in a while and maybe he read entirely too much into the way Cas looked at him. Instead he soaked in every half-smile that quirked the side of Castiel’s mouth and tried not to pump his fist in the air when they exchanged numbers.
Dean wants so badly to let Cas do whatever he pleases, but they’re so tired. It’s much later than they realized, well past four in the morning, and no matter how much they want to take all their clothes off, and Dean doesn’t protest when they fall asleep, slipping easily into unconsciousness, mouths still attached in soft flutters of lips until their breath deepens and they’re both out like lights.
It wasn’t too much of a long way from Christmas, but the holiday was further out than the end of Dean’s tenure helping Castiel. Even so, he replied, “You could invite him here, you know. There’s plenty of room for two more. Or if you get bored, you can drive down to see them.”
“Not at all. I told you already, I wanted to be like my father. A preacher. But I couldn’t do it. I admire your bravery for following through with a dream and for serving in the military, Dean. Not many people have the courage to do something like that.”
But mostly he liked to sit and people-watch in peace. Diners were places where he could be left well enough alone with his phone or a book or his own computer, if he really felt like working while he ate, catching up on cases to be solved or checking the news or piecing together his own hobbies. Sometimes he ordered parts for his car while he steadily finished a club sandwich or browsed dating apps while chomping at a double-bacon cheeseburger singlehandedly. But he liked seeing the patrons of all kinds coming in and out.
And sometimes, when Dean had been brought to his knees by a case, when he lost someone or several someones they couldn’t save, when there was too much blood and too much pain and half-assed stitches sewn into his arm or his chest, he told Cas that his voicemail recording was the best thing he’d heard all week and would Cas please text him the next day? Whenever he got a chance would be great.
He didn’t have many vices, at least none he could afford to indulge in even if he wanted to. He rarely drank, maybe a glass of wine or whiskey with a fancier dinner if he felt like spoiling himself, but he didn’t smoke, didn’t indulge in narcotics even if they were legal in Washington state, and didn’t immerse himself in much company, savory or otherwise.
Nearly forgetting how to swallow, Castiel looked away, instead focusing on a spot just above Dean’s shoulder. “I, uh—I was worried. I thought you liked getting up early.”
--but could always find it in themselves to muster up a few more dollars for another cup of coffee, even if they’d had three or four and were starting to buzz in their seats, talking too fast and gesturing wildly, jittery from the caffeine.
Dean stretched and Castiel sucked in a breath, thanking God or whoever was up there listening that Dean stood before him fully clothed and covered in multiple layers.
“Like ‘em chunky, huh, Cas?” Dean winked again, and how was it possible that the man could get away with doing that so often?
And if he falls asleep to Castiel’s soft breathing a slight tickle in his ear, the feeling of Cas’s heart beating right against Dean’s chest, and an enormous smile on his face, nobody needs to know.
He wants to be good for Cas, wants to make him dinner every night and get boring adult jobs and see Cas off to work every morning, looking incredible in a suit and tie and that stupid trench coat he likes to wear in the winter. He wants to kiss him every night when Cas comes home and kiss him again anytime he likes—in the morning when they first wake up, for no reason at all in the middle of a Saturday when they’re running errands together, late at night when they talk about their most secret feelings.
Dean held up their joined hands. “Into dudes. Into both. Whatever. Mom would’ve been okay with it, I think. Dad, on the other hand…”
“I had a really nice time, Cas. Gabe’s cool as hell,” Dean finally says, breaking the silence as they’re pulling into their apartment lot.
Finally, he couldn’t stand it any longer and he pushed back from the table, grabbing a half-iced bottle of water from the freezer and shuffling into his slippers again.
“Exactly. With so many of us in the house, all my siblings and I,” Castiel explained, “there wasn’t time to waste. You did your chores and you did them without complaint and you were seen and not heard.”
He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t let himself have a moment of pleasure and then break his own heart when he later had to watch Dean walk away.
Castiel shook his head. “No, I thought something might’ve happened to you. Breakfast is downstairs.”
And, “Thanks for having me, man,” even though Dean had been the one to scrub the kitchen cabinets down, removing dust and crumbs and debris from God knows how long ago. Castiel couldn’t remember, and he thanked Dean profusely for taking on such a boring, time-consuming task.
And it didn’t stop Castiel from thinking about tearing the clothes off Dean’s body whenever Dean winked at him, throwing him completely off-guard and erasing whatever was on his mind, whatever he was about to say. He’d stand there while his body rebooted, though Dean would have already moved on to the next task, unaware of how deeply he affected Castiel.
Dean cleared his throat. “But maybe she’s up there keeping watch over me and Sammy, you know? I don’t know.”
Dean grunted noncommittally in his throat. Castiel watched as he looked at the papers in his lap again, eyelashes nearly flush against his cheeks. They were so long. How did a man even get his eyelashes to look like that?
“Sounds unfortunate,” Dean said, glaring down at the picture, and Castiel had a ridiculous urge to burst out laughing. He controlled the impulse, and when Dean said nothing else, he returned to his notes.
Good Lord, if this was what his thoughts mushed into without company for so long, maybe he was better off alone rather than inflicting his terribly unsuitable brain on someone else.
Upstairs, Castiel led Dean to the second bedroom, a smaller guest room down the hall from his own. Enough space between them for privacy and escape whenever one of them would need it. Castiel didn’t like the thought of needing space in his own house, but he didn’t have a choice, it seemed. Dean was sticking around.
He led Dean through the kitchen, which opened up to a tiny dining room with a table and four chairs, though Castiel only used one, worn and squeaky but molded to his butt when he sat in it for work. Thankfully Castiel had cleared away his breakfast dishes and all that was left was his laptop and notepad full of scribbles and ideas for his sermons in the coming weeks.
“Oh. I can still do things around here, Dean. And besides, you did more than enough yesterday. You must be exhausted.”
Castiel buzzed with it, like he could blow a fuse, burn out all the lightbulbs in the house and he wouldn’t even care. In his head he was begging, pleading, warring with the desire for Dean to just
But then, as he reminded himself and his readers, even misfortunes can have rewards. If Castiel had never broken his arm, he never would have met Dean.
He just couldn’t seem to say out loud that he wanted to do nice things with Cas, to go beyond their once-a-quarter diner dates and maybe go for a walk in the park on a nice spring day, holding hands as they rounded the pond in the middle of the green expanse. Or to pick him up for a fancy date, something Dean would save up for months for, pocketing all his hard-earned pool hustling cash so he could splurge on two filet mignons with a side of bearnaise and steamed asparagus. With wine. Some hundred-dollar bottle of red he would pick at random to make it look like he knew what he was doing in front of Cas, so he wouldn’t embarrass himself in front of the other man, so he could hopefully seal the deal and guarantee a good-night kiss outside Cas’ apartment on the far side of town.
“No, thank you, Dean. Really, this place is spotless. I didn’t realize how much I’d let it go over the last couple of years and now, with this,” Castiel said, holding up his broken arm, “I can’t get on my hands and knees too much.”
“He did mention something and I need you to be honest with me, man. Please?” Dean feels like his heart is going to burst through his sternum and end up a bloody splatter on the windshield but he keeps going. “He said you liked me, and that I should make a move already.”
Dean looked startled, like no one had ever asked him that before. “He wasn’t always a bad guy. I mean, he’d lost his wife and our house and all our things within a matter of hours. He really loved my mom. And he loved us too, I think. Pretty sure Sam was his favorite though,” Dean said, chuckling, but it rang hollow. “And he worked hard, when he worked. He was a mechanic before Mom died and then he picked up odd jobs here and there. It was a lot easier to find work back then, I think, when you didn’t need a dozen references or a friggin’ degree or a neat little resume, you know? A guy could just walk into a place with a ‘help wanted’ sign and they’d hire him on the spot. Especially Dad, since he was a veteran and all.”
“Put paint on the list too,” Dean said, brushing flakes from Castiel’s shoulder Tuesday evening as they retreated into the house so Dean could take a long shower and Castiel could start dinner for them.
Castiel held the letter up to his face, squinting at the words as though searching for some hidden meaning. But Dean’s earnestness appeared in every stroke of the pen; there was no secret message to be found. Not even that he had finished, supposedly, with the wood.
He wanted to ask Dean if he spent a lot of time doing that, but before he could, they’d pulled up and parked.
“I’ll hold you to that, Cas,” Dean replied as he loaded up his fork with two entire sausages and a mountain of eggs.
They stood there staring at the absolute chaos of what was supposed to be a garden. The previous owners of the house, whom Castiel had never met but had heard stories about from the real estate agent who’d helped him buy the place, had let much of the outside fall to neglect. The inside may have been relatively clean and kept up, but they clearly hadn’t cared for weeding or planting anything nice-looking or useful. Castiel wanted to change the outside entirely, and he’d meant to, before his fall.
Dean met Castiel’s eyes and he hesitated, but only for a bit. He must have seen something in Castiel’s face that allowed him to finally, finally open up. Two, nearly three weeks of living together and Castiel felt as though he’d barely scratched the surface of who Dean Winchester was. He wanted to dive in deep, gather all the intel he could find, and keep digging down. He knew in his heart Dean’s core was something truly special, a place where all his secrets were hidden, and Castiel wanted to know them all.
They’d met by complete coincidence, too, and Dean still wasn’t sure it was real sometimes. He’d found Cas on the website of his college department, and under his mini biography, it listed his interests as dead languages, ancient folklore, and cryptozoology, though the last one he cited as having little formal background in. Dean and Sammy had been on a case, hunting down a reported Bigfoot, though they both knew sasquatches tended more toward the Pacific Northwest part of the country. Still, they rooted around for local lore, and happened upon the professor. Sam had called dibs on the library, so Dean had driven up to Heartland Community College to meet Dr. Castiel J. Novak.
Sure, he’d had a couple of flings here and there—handholding in high school with girls who thought he was cute but who would drop him when he froze at the idea of kissing them; a couple of secret trysts with guys who didn’t really return his feelings in college; losing his virginity to his one long-term boyfriend who ended up cheating on him at a party their senior year—but never anything that made him consider marriage. Castiel loved deeply but had never found anybody who loved him back. And he was okay with that.
Cas nods and Dean leans in, hesitating just for a second, just to give Cas enough time to back away, to tell Dean it’s a mistake, that he doesn’t feel the same way, that Gabriel lied.
Dean slid a plate of stacked cinnamon toast in front of him, drizzled with the good syrup from the back of Castiel’s pantry and a veritable mountain of strawberries. Castiel’s eyes widened, and Dean hesitated, like he was going to pull the dish back.
It was dark when they left the diner, hours later, after starting out with two coffees. Cas said he needed a pick-me-up after a long, busy day of teaching hellions. Dean would’ve thought college students would be more mature, but the spring term was almost over and the majority of them would be going home for the summer. Thankfully, Cas mentioned, he was teaching summer classes online.
He didn’t, of course, because that would have been both strange and rude. Instead he retreated upstairs to shower, scrubbing the embarrassment off his skin. He used up all the hot water and by the time he finished his body was pink and hot to the touch.
But then Dean sees a short red-headed girl grab Cas’s elbow and pull him toward her, and Dean watches helplessly as they talk, standing a little too close for Dean’s comfort, Cas throwing his head back and laughing a few times. A searing bout of indigestion creeps up in Dean’s stomach and he can’t help but think that he wants to make Cas smile like that, and then he scolds himself for spending the last few days holed up in the library, frantically texting his little brother about how he didn’t understand any of what his professors wanted but what he really meant was,
“Right. Say hi to Cas for me.” Sam patted his brother on the shoulder and went to pack his stuff in the car. “You leaving now or when we get home? I’ll hitch if you want to go now.”
Dean had said he would save his famous five-alarm chili, which “all the guys in my unit loved, Cas, I’m telling you, you gotta try it,” Dean said, looking proud of himself, for Sunday, since it needed all day to cook slow on the stove and they’d already spent the day doing a bunch of nothing. Instead they made a quick carbonara, Dean whipping together the silken sauce with ease while Castiel tossed a simple salad with some Italian dressing. Castiel was glad he’d picked up some crusty bread on a whim at the store when they’d gone food shopping, rather than wait to grab some from his favorite local baker at the market, since that would have left them significantly carb-less.
He doesn’t, because he’s surprisingly not hungover—just tired, and then he remembers everything that happened the night before and the soreness in his jaw hits him like a brick. His face buzzes with the tingling sensation of a little road rash, as he likes to call it, the scrape of Cas’s stubble still fresh on his cheeks where they nuzzled against one another, cuddling close in bed and making out until they fell asleep, legs tangled together, Cas nosing at the dip in Dean’s shoulder and snuffling sleepily against his neck.
“How nice!” Yolanda, according to her nametag, said, her face brightening with a huge smile. “Wish I could get my husband to build me anything, never mind a whole garden. Oh, thank you.” She took the tiny can of white outdoor paint from Dean and nodded at him.
Pointing to the cabinet above the sink, Castiel thanked Dean for making coffee and promptly returned to his room, coming down again two hours later, at the much more reasonable time of seven-thirty. He’d done his morning yoga and meditations in his room instead of on the front porch, not wanting to startle Dean with his usual shirtless sun salutations.
He watches as Cas stretches, a thin strip of skin revealing itself at the waistband of his jeans, and Dean’s mouth goes dry. He unsticks his tongue long enough to tell Cas that yeah, it does feel like that, and maybe they should do something together this weekend.
Cas nods. “He’s been having trouble with his girlfriend so I invited him over. I thought the three of us might be able to go out, maybe cheer him up. I wouldn’t have had him here if I knew it would bother you.”
“I had to carry Sammy out by myself while my dad tried to save her, but he couldn’t. So we bounced around and I became like another parent. Can you imagine?” Dean’s face briefly twisted into something bitter before relaxing. “A toddler being a mom to a baby?”
Later, when they’re properly tipsy, even Dean, who switches to water as soon as he realizes he keeps putting his hand on the back of Cas’s seat, absently scratching his nails up and down his roommate’s back every once in a while, Cas goes to break the seal and Gabriel whips around, no longer interested in whatever hockey game is going on.
He finished every bite with a smile and pushed himself back from the table. “Now I definitely need to go do my workout.”
Dean caught his elbow before he could turn away. “Thanks. For, y’know, coming to check on me. I should’ve warned you that I don’t
“I gotta tell you, man, my thumb is about as black as they come. I’d have killed even the dandelions if I was left in charge of them. What about over here?” he asked. He walked around to the far side, practically in Castiel’s backyard, which was just as big of a mess as the planned garden area was.
After a workout of a hunt and nearly two whole days without sleep, Dean’s eyes must’ve been playing tricks on him, ‘cause he could’ve sworn he saw Cas staring at his mouth as he licked hot sauce off his lips.
—are you doing here?” Castiel ground out, heart pounding a million miles an hour. He put a hand on his forehead, mostly to make sure his skin was still attached to his body. The painful stretch in his calf prickled insistently, and he would definitely need to ice his leg later.
jealous, not in the slightest, why would he be, that’s ridiculous, but Dean catches sight of the soft smile on Cas’s face as he zips up his jacket. He takes another deep breath, realizes Cas is joking, and rearranges his face in an easy grin.
Underneath layers of the T-shirts and flannels he’d been wearing all week, Dean had an absolutely gorgeous figure. Broad shoulders and well-muscled arms left Castiel’s mouth dry, and the narrow waist tapering off to hips he wanted to hold, that made him think of what was under Dean’s jeans, streaked with dirt and grass. He tried not to gaze at the curve of Dean’s neck all down his spine as he raised the axe high above his head and brought it down sharply into the log, splitting it neatly down the center.
The wine emboldening him, Castiel replied, “I’d like you no matter what you looked like,” and that shut Dean up, though he didn’t stop grinning for the rest of their meal.
No matter where they were in the country, Dean could always count on seeing different kinds of people. It wasn’t like a bar, where there tended to be certain crowds specific to the type of place it was. If it was a dive bar, he could usually find steady regulars, fans of hair metal or classic rock dressed in denim and flannel and leather. If it was a brewery, full of craft beer with ironic, punny names, he could count on seeing at least three manbuns in a single hour.
Prayer was usually his first resort, but now he prayed constantly, and not just on his knees by his bedside, hands clasped in front of him. Asking for guidance, asking for absolution, for forgiveness, for whatever God or anyone who was listening would give him. He prayed during his yoga and meditations in the morning, silently over his meals before he picked up a fork, every time he headed outside to watch as Dean worked, and regularly in the shower when temptation threatened to overtake him.
“Yeah, I think I can get started on some things for today. At least come up with a general sort of plan, if that’s okay?”
It wasn’t until the man sneezed and startled Castiel so badly he screamed, launching himself up from his lotus pose and cricking something in his hamstring, that Castiel even knew he was there.
Castiel flushed and tried to swallow around his water, his response completely lost to the buzzing in his brain at the noises Dean made while he ate, but found that suddenly his throat didn’t want to work at all.
“You’re welcome, Dean. I mean it. I want good things for you. I appreciate you coming out here and helping me, as well. And if you hadn’t signed up for the marines, you never would have met me.”
“I have a date with Soraya, from my philosophy class. Could you please do this up for me? I’m so nervous.”
“I haven’t thought about that, honestly.” Castiel shrugged. “I didn’t have much of a plan for the back, only the side. I suppose you can do whatever you want with it.”
He’d arrived the night before but got a motel room close to the community college, so he could show up after one of Cas’ history lectures freshly showered and caffeinated. He waited the half hour until he knew the class let out, then waited parked across from the quad and leaning against the side of the Impala like he had nowhere better to be. A few students checked him out, girls that, once upon a time, Dean would’ve caught up to and tried to finagle phone numbers out of, but he was far too old for any of the students on campus and besides, he only had eyes for Cas.
Pen whispering against paper, Castiel noted it down. “You can do whatever you like today. You don’t have to hang around here if you don’t want to.”
“Nah, probably best if I stick with your schedule, y’know? I’m used to following orders so I’ll be wherever you need me to be, whenever you need me to be there.”
A few minutes passed before Dean joined him, and he didn’t seem to care that his breakfast was lukewarm. He still shoveled it in like it was the best thing he’d ever tasted, and he thanked Castiel profusely for making him food and waiting for him instead of just throwing it away when he didn’t come to the breakfast table on time.
He definitely noticed Cas staring at him that time. He wasn’t imagining it. Dean slowly licked the spoon and caught the look in Cas’ eyes, a shade darker than usual, a hint of suggestion gleaming under the warm lights, before he set down the empty cup.
“Yeah, she thought I was flirting with this dude in my history class, but we were just comparing notes,” Gabriel explained, slurring slightly. It’s getting later and he’s already had one drink more than either Dean or Cas, which is fine by Dean. He isn’t interested in drinking again so soon after his last episode, so he sips his beer slowly, ignoring Cas’s questioning glances.
Eventually Dean pulled him up off his armchair, practically pushed him up the stairs, and waited until he headed off toward his room.
“Then how are you involved in the church? Like I said, I thought I was getting set up with some old man who wanted me to walk him back and forth to the john every hour on the hour. I’m glad it’s you, but they told me you wrote sermons.”
“Yeah.” Dean dropped his hands, though one went right up to the back of his neck, rubbing it. He still couldn’t look Castiel in the eye. “And come on, man, you’re out here looking like that.” He gestured vaguely toward Castiel. “You gotta know what you’re doing to a man, Cas.”
Scooting closer to Castiel on the couch, Dean tugged the blanket over their legs a little further up, as though he were protecting himself. Castiel waited patiently, knowing that if he were going to pry anything out of Dean, he would have to hold back, not push, be gentle, take Dean’s hand.
“Next time, then,” Cas says, and he slips past Dean to head back into his room but not before placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder. Not patting him in comfort, just leaving his hand there, burning Dean’s skin, for a hot second before he disappears. Dean waits, still unmoving in the hall, until he hears Cas’s classical music mix playing softly behind the door, and then he unsticks himself from the cold floor and runs to his own room.
“Yes, thank you. I don’t usually wake before the sun. I suppose I’ll just have to ignore you clattering around in here,” Cas replied, blowing on his coffee before taking a sip. “How did you sleep?”
Dean puts a hand on Cas’ face, strokes his thumb across that gorgeous cheekbone, and breathes in to steady himself. “I totally want to do this with you, all of it, but we should definitely wait until we’re a little more sober. And also, I gotta know—”
“You mind if I leave my car there? It’s safe, right?” Dean asked, and Castiel murmured an affirmative response over his shoulder, trying his hardest not to look directly at him.
And how casually words of solace and comfort and kindness spilled from Dean’s lips, as though he were the grateful one, the one so happy that Castiel had opened his door to Dean, and not the other way around.
Cas tilts his head, looking at Dean as though he’s trying to decide how much of an idiot and a big fat liar his roommate is.
It was a simple life, but it was his, and the broken arm was only the first of many interruptions that Castiel neither wanted nor needed.
A week later, after totally not avoiding Cas around the apartment, Dean catches him coming out of one of his classes just as Dean’s about to head into his art history course down the hall in the Kessler building. His face lights up at the sight of Cas running a hand through his already-messy black hair, and Dean hitches his messenger bag higher on his shoulder as he starts toward him, tamping down the inexplicable urge to tug on Cas’s dark strands himself.
“Dean, it was always you,” Cas says first, and Dean surges forward, kissing him thoroughly, slick tongue against Cas’s lips and tongue and the back of his teeth, and they stay like that for minutes, hours, days, Dean doesn’t give a single shit how long it is—he keeps kissing Cas like it’s his lifeline.
When he turned around to put the empty bottle in the recycling bin, Dean was right there, practically up against Castiel’s back.
“Not sure how much we’ll need to get today, and you’ve got the bed of your truck. Baby wouldn’t hold much wood if that’s what we need. But I promise I’ll take you out for a drive in her soon, if you want,” Dean said casually, handling Castiel’s truck like a pro as they bumped along down the dirt road before hitting the highway.
Cas catches him as he’s coming out of the shower, hopping down the hall because it’s so freaking cold in the apartment for some unknown reason and the hardwood under his feet sends shockwaves through his whole body. Dean’s only got a towel wrapped around his waist, hair still dripping onto his shoulders, and he nearly slams into Cas as the dude comes out of his own room, like he was waiting ‘til Dean finished.
Something eases in Dean’s chest and he smiles, a genuine grin, for the first time in days. And if he whistles to himself while he does the dishes later, long after Cas has given up studying and gone to bed, nobody needs to know.
Dean grinned. “Yeah, during the week. Ain’t got nowhere to be on the weekends. Oh, unless you needed me to do something for you,” he said, face turning serious. “Did you have a list?”
The hour grew later and his attention waned, and Castiel needed to sleep rather than keep sitting by the fire, his eyes drifting toward Dean finishing the last of his whiskey and closing his book. Castiel stood up, carefully shuffling his papers in order, and stuck them together with a large binder clip.
He settled into his chair with a book, but the sound of the rain hitting the house and the warmth of the blanket around his legs made him sleepier than he thought. Castiel nodded off, dozing until several hours later when Dean shook him awake.
“How come you don’t wear the collar?” Dean asked around a mouthful. He pointed the tip of his sandwich toward Castiel’s shirt.
Throwing twenties on the table—probably far more than their meal had cost, but Dean figured the waitress wouldn’t mind the extra-large tip—they scrambled to put their jackets on and headed for the car.
He refrained from going outside to see if Dean needed water, sunblock, a sandwich, a hat, a sweater in case the sun dipped behind some clouds gathering in the east that threatened to overrun the nice day, help, or anything else he could think of. He knew his helper hadn’t had much time to himself; Castiel had kept him busy all week with cleaning and reading his work. And now Dean was outside doing whatever he pleased to Castiel’s garden, and Castiel had no idea if Dean really knew how to design planter boxes and oh God, maybe he should go out there and check on him, just for a moment, just to see how everything was coming along.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand. “You shouldn’t have had to do that. I’m sorry your dad put you in that kind of position. And I’m sorry about your mother. I’m sure she was lovely.”
Still, he tells Cas that the blue one goes better with what he’s wearing, and if Cas smiles in relief and asks Dean for help tying the tie around his neck, at least Dean can take comfort in the fact that none of the girls have yet done this for Cas. For either of them, really.
“Nah, I’m still getting my benefits from the service,” Dean said. He brushed his hands together and then wiped them on his pants, and Castiel determinedly did not look down. “I can pay for whatever I need, and then if I need anything else for your project, I’ll let you know.”
Trying to look Dean in the eye rather than follow the movement of his knuckles, wishing he could put his hands on the other man’s face, Castiel took a steeling breath and asked, “How would you help yourself? If you could?”
“No, it doesn’t bother me. I’m sorry I made an ass of myself in front of your family. I just, uh. I thought you were trying to get cozy with the dude, so I—”
Castiel thought about crumpling the letter and tossing it, such a seemingly silly thing to keep, but he folded it carefully and slipped it into his pocket.
Then coffee turned into dinner as the sky grew shadowy outside, the long lines of daylight stretching and disappearing from the sky as the hours passed. They ordered plates of appetizers to share, wings and chicken fingers and disco fries and onion rings, the greasiest comfort food they could think of. They both needed it, and Dean didn’t even care about the heartburn he’d probably have later. He just liked watching Cas sucking the meat off a drumstick and thinking about how his lips might look—
He thinks a little too much about that last part, about what Cas’s lips would feel like against his and whether he’d fit right in between Cas’s legs and how good his name would sound falling from Cas’s mouth, helpless and needy, and
“Cas?” Dean stepped closer, arms drooping to set the axe down, and Castiel nearly tripped over himself moving back toward the door.
kiss him already and at the same time wanting him to walk away so Castiel wouldn’t start something he couldn’t finish.
“Is that why you went into the military?” Castiel asked, stroking his thumb over Dean’s knuckles. His skin was so soft under Castiel’s thumb and he wanted to hold it all night, fall asleep with Dean’s hand in his, wake up still attached.
Outside he discovered the source of the terrible noise, and found parked in his front yard a beautiful car, sleek and shiny black, with an even more beautiful man leaning against the driver’s side door.
Dean grinned as though Castiel had given him the best gift ever. “Really? I can do my own thing? You won’t be mad or anything if I just put my own spin on the place?”
And Cas returns and Dean can’t meet his eyes. He hardly says anything, happily letting Gabriel dominate the conversation so that Dean doesn’t say anything to embarrass himself. They call it a night fairly quickly after, just around closing time, carrying Gabriel to Dean’s car before taking a quiet, long drive to drop him off at Kali’s place across town.
“Yeah, I guess I am pretty sore. I figured, if you didn’t mind, that is, I could take a longer bath instead?” Dean said it like a question and Castiel’s knees nearly buckled beneath him. The thought of Dean sinking into a steaming hot bath, smelling of lavender and lemon, covered only by Castiel’s expensive bubbles (one of the few luxuries he allowed himself, and only because he bought it at the farmer’s market to support a local small business)—it was nearly more than he could handle.
It was Dean’s turn to flush, and Castiel wanted to say he didn’t mean it like that but, as he took in Dean’s neatly combed hair and stubble already dotting his jawline, he absolutely did mean it like that.
“Oh, no, Dean, thank you. I can’t remember the last time I’ve had something so decadent. Really, thank you,” Castiel said, grabbing at Dean’s wrist. Dean slid back so he could properly grasp Castiel’s hand in his.
“Yeah, normally I’d like to let people know I’m coming ahead of time,” he said, and a dizzy spell overtook Castiel.
Castiel reddened at the thought of what was underneath all those layers Dean wore, and he almost missed what the other man was saying.
He didn’t say that he would love to talk to Dean’s brother, that he would love to meet him, that if it made Dean happy, Sam could visit anytime he liked. It would be more people than Castiel had ever had in his house at one time, but it would be worth it to see Dean smile.
It wasn’t like he had much of a choice in the matter. After Dean had called him out, in much more polite terms, Castiel couldn’t say no. He couldn’t sit inside the house and work when Dean expressed concern that Cas was avoiding him, or worse, ignoring him, though he was too nice to say that directly. Castiel was supposed to be a good host; he couldn’t let Naomi’s pilot program for veteran assistance fail just because he was half in love with Dean already.
Dean clapped his hands together and Castiel jumped at the sound of it echoing in the air. “Great! When can we start?”
with him? Could he only speak in one-word answers? Castiel tried to clear his throat subtly and found instead that he was too fascinated by the light stubble lining Dean’s jaw to concentrate on anything else.
He resolutely returned outside, bringing an ice-cold bottle of water for Dean and a mug of tea for himself, along with his work. He would not be chased from his routines or his space in his home, no matter how much Dean liked to look at him.
“Sounds good,” Dean said without looking up from the morning paper. He must have gone to pick it up in town. “I’ll join you out there in a bit.”
Or he could start getting sandwiches together, maybe some pasta if he still had jarred sauce in his pantry, and he could just let Dean know when it was close to ready. It would give him something else to do, something to distract Castiel while he flipflopped back and forth in his mind.
“Sorry I made an ass of myself the other day. Had a rough day at work.” Dean winces at his own excuse, but Gabriel claps him on the shoulder—roughly, nothing like Cas’s gentle, warm touch—and laughs.
“Might need to go into town and get some other supplies, if that’s alright,” he said without looking at Castiel.
Dean doesn’t know what a head massage from Cas feels like, and he would really like to find out, but he doesn’t say that to Gabriel. When he returns, triangle of drinks in hand, the three of them don’t talk about anything of much importance, other than classes, professors, other students, their jobs, and Gabriel’s girlfriend, Kali, with whom he’s now on completely great terms again.
All he wants to do when he gets home, after trudging through a chilly rainstorm, is take a hot shower and burrito in his blankets for the rest of the night, but when he gets in, Cas is right there.
Dean scoffed but he blushed bright red, his freckles seeming to darken under the pink. “Nah, I didn’t do it out of bravery, man. I did it because I thought that’s what he wanted. And I did it to get away from him, at least in part. Does that make me a bad son?”
Dean pokes at his plate, saying nothing for a moment. Then, trying to lighten the mood, or at least lighten his own, he asks, “Yeah? You trying to set me up or something?”
Then Dean thinks about how much he likes when someone else takes the lead, and he thinks about Cas taking the initiative back at home, pushing Dean down on the bed and stripping him of all his clothes and running his hands all over and oh god, is it hot in this bar or is it just Dean frantically trying to stifle a boner?
“The job, yes, I know, Dean. But please promise me you’ll be more careful. That you and Sam will be more careful,” he corrected, looking down at the table.
Like Dean belonged right there with him, watching Castiel work and picking up his own book when he felt like it, enjoying the liquor Castiel never seemed to find time enough to drink, stoking the fire during the chilly nights that were beginning to settle around them.
That he missed the cheese fries at the diner (to which Cas would eventually respond with a picture back, greasy yellow melted onto crisp, hot out of the fryer potatoes, and Dean practically drooled over his phone).
There was a hint of something bitter and sad in his voice, but Castiel politely ignored it. He didn’t want to dig too deeply and spook Dean in the first hour he was here, supposedly to help him. Wouldn’t want to scare off his only company in ages.
Once he settled lunch down, placing the two plates as far away from each other as he could, Castiel turned to call Dean down. But the other man appeared right behind him and Castiel nearly jumped out of his skin.
They loaded up the truck together, and it wasn’t until they were already halfway home that Castiel realized the cashier had referred to Dean as his husband.
“Yeah, I…” Cas trails off, and Dean hitches up the towel, painfully aware of the flush spreading from his face all down his neck and probably covering his chest too. Dean isn’t terribly fit, but he hits the gym once in a while and all the physical labor he does when he picks up shifts at the mechanic shop around the block helps keep him more toned than he expects, given his diet consists mostly of bar pies and beer.
Another year of late-night trips to Judy’s went by before Dean worked up the courage to hold Castiel’s hand. Dean thought he was being slick, telling Cas some story about how Sammy’d nearly sliced off a finger in a vamp fight, grabbing the man’s hand before he could second-guess himself. Dean’s heart fluttered in his chest as he showed Cas where exactly Sam had nearly been bitten down to the knuckle, and Cas watched in horror but didn’t pull away from Dean.
“I attended infrequently, but Father Shurley and Naomi saw something in me, or so they said, and asked if I would write for the weekly newsletter. It’s sort of halfway between an advice column and a sermon, and it’s far more casual, so there’s less pressure to uphold this perfect priestly image,” he said, trying not to let bitterness creep into his voice.
. Yeah, Sam had seen the recently-watched Netflix queue. And Dean knew that Sam knew and he was fine with it. Really, he was.
Castiel glanced down at his bare chest. It was alright, he supposed. He wasn’t particularly buff or fit, not like Dean with his broad shoulders, well-muscled arms, and a stomach that had only gone slightly soft, Castiel imagined, now that he had retired from the military. Add in Dean’s tapered hips and strong legs and Castiel felt like he was living with the real-life version of the Vitruvian Man.
God, Dean is an idiot. He’s way past the point of caring how ridiculous he sounds, claiming Cas all for himself. But he’s mad as hell and six gulps of booze on his way to tipsy and he doesn’t care that he doesn’t have the right to be jealous; he just wants Cas. He wants to be the one laying in his lap, telling Cas about all the annoying students and parents that come into the office, about how he performs miracles with schedules and emails and gets everyone’s problems solved, about his classes and how he’s still scared, even halfway through his senior year, that he’s going to fuck up somehow and get kicked out of school, that he’ll have to move back home and he’ll never see Cas again.
