with it, only letting it rest, fingers splayed on the muscles of Sherlock’s solar plexus.
,” Sherlock said, and brushed his fingers, cool and gentle, over John’s cheek. “We’re all mad here.”
“Maybe we’ll get to be in the same House?” he whispered to Sherlock.
Sherlock lifted one hand to nudge his phone back in John’s direction.  “
Sherlock didn’t come back.  John didn’t think he would, and really, he had no right to expect him to.
” Sherlock said, awed, and he looked as if the relief might break him, and he wrapped both arms around John so tight that John felt it was all right, to break a little.
“That’s easy,” said Sherlock. “I’ll call for you, when the time is right, and you’ll come to me.”
“Well, Sherlock just
Her lipstick was so bright one of the chaperones would make her wipe it off later. She grinned at him and said, “Come on, snake, let’s rattle!” as if it were Sadie Hawkins but it wasn’t. “I could tell you’d wanna ask me, so I saved you the trouble.”
It would have been done in two shots. First a chest shot, the part of the animal big enough to aim at from a distance and John going for a kill-shot but it would not have been fatal, not with the animal low to the ground, the probability of the bullet piercing the heart at the correct angle too low. The next shot would be the headshot, a quick kill, as much a mercy killing as it was to dispatch the animal. John does not hunt for sport. He would consider it cruel. If he kills he kills out of need, so some livestock had been threatened, perhaps, or even a family member.
He cut himself off - Sherlock had gone quiet, observing him with a look of rapt attention.
“Why are you defending him so much anyway?” asked Bill peevishly. “You don’t even know him. We’re your friends, he didn’t even want you for a Potions partner.”
They ate breakfast together, each on their own side of the table but with legs stretched out and feet brushing as they shifted and reached for their tea, for the paper, just to work out kinks. The quiet was a warm blanket around their shoulders, and lasted to the dregs of John’s very boring, very soggy cornflakes when Sherlock had set the paper down and reached across to weave his fingers in with John’s.
He lines himself up and pushes forward, the little hole unyielding at first. John lets out a whimper of genuine distress for the first time and Sherlock feels heat coil up tight inside of him. He drapes himself over John now, slips an arm underneath his small body to hold him. His dick presses forward, insistent, unyielding. John wraps his arms around Sherlock's shoulders, blunt fingernails of one hand scratching at the back of Sherlock's neck. The little hole is tight, it tries to keep him out, and John squirms beneath him, trembling but not fighting. He’s trapped and this is as inevitable as the setting sun. For then there's a sudden give and Sherlock’s pushing inside, slow and steady, inch by inch, heat all around him and John whimpering in his ear.
before.”
“No,” Carl muttered, reluctant.
“Hey Sherlock, let’s play Gwydion and Arawn,” Carl was saying, giving Sherlock a little kick. Judging by Sherlock’s ruffled hair and robes, he’d been pushed down to the ground and roughed up.
“Shh, John,” said Sherlock. He bent down, closer, until John could feel the whisper of his breath over his face. “Don’t worry. There is only me.”
,” Sherlock said, while John felt slightly insulted at Sherlock’s assessment of his taste in music, which he happened to think was pretty swell.
and waves of heat were rolling through John’s body, sickness churning inside of him. The Lord was bleeding before him. Bleeding from the wounds in his hands and ankles, stigmata they called it, there were red ruby drops on the parishioners, drops of ruby trickling down His face
“Okay, fine,” John said, and slowly extracted Gladstone from his pocket. He was a
The kiss was soft and nearly shy, like the first few that they had shared. That had surprised John, the first time; he had always expected kissing another man to be monumentally different and strange. He’d braced for everything he knew about himself to shatter. He’d expected to be left with broken pieces of his old identity at his feet. It had almost been more of a shock when it had turned out to be a simple kiss. No fanfare had gone off afterwards, no confetti or banner dropping from the ceiling to declare, “
This chapter's art is by the amazing
fun.”
John gasped, feeling the razor-cut of pain, but he’d always been good about handling pain, he never even cried at getting injections, and something told him he couldn’t yank his wrist away. Sherlock’s fingers were curled tight on his wrist, his grip iron-strong.
I'm gonna tell you something you don't want to hear
coincidence!” John said to himself. No, that wasn’t it, either.
Three fingers next, the stretch of it obvious, the tightening of skin around his knuckles and John’s body tight around them. Sherlock knew just where to rub, his fingers naturally long and his knowledge carefully expert by now - how easily he stimulated John, pushed against his prostate and made the moans spill out from his throat, easy and needy. He licked the skin of the sensitive rim, pulled taut around fingers, wriggled and twisted his fingers ‘round and ‘round, listened to the almost-sob that choked John when he rubbed that spot inside of him particularly hard.
“Not where people can see,” John says, the words stuttering as he’s begun to pant softly in the spaces between syllables. Sherlock bites him underneath the Adam’s apple in retaliation, worries the soft, vulnerable skin between his teeth, and sucks hard.
They hit the floor with a crashing of limbs. An unpleasant, numbing tingle shot up through John’s fingers and toes. They both gasped as the collision drove the air from their lungs, but even with the wind knocked out of him, Sherlock’s finger still had enough function to keep clicking pictures.
“Cool it, Daddy-o,” John says, and they both laugh, muffling their laughter into each other: Sherlock, with his face pressed into John’s hair, inhaling the golden hay-in-sunshine scent of him, John, face pressed into Sherlock’s leather jacket, tucked warmly against his chest, the fit of him perfect.
He reached out.  He pulled John forward.
Victor laughs, and John watches him laugh, and he feels something warm stir in his chest and John thinks, maybe this could be all right.
He curls up to Victor, cuddled up warm to him, each of them embracing the other in Sherlock’s bed.
“Expelled?” John whispered. “Do you suppose she’s serious?”
“Ugh,” said John.
“What a coincidence,” John said, and then, “No! No, that’s not it.”
He pulled back, both from surprise and the need to attempt to get a hold of himself. “You’re so cold,” he breathed.
Sherlock moans, unabashed in his pleasure, hips pushing up into the warmth and grip of his own hand. He feels John's gaze like a caress over the arch of his own throat, the smooth, flat planes of his chest, the tightening of his abdominal muscles as he rolls his hips and thrusts up, rocking them both. The sight of John beneath him as he's rocked, the flush still in his cheeks and the panting rush of breath still in his chest, the mouth-shaped bruises forming on the skin of his chest and his nipples still swollen and rigid from Sherlock's manipulations.
“Sherlock,” John breathed, “use me.”
“I feel like I’m going mad,” John whispered.
"Okay," John said, happily. "But I have to be home in time for dinner."
sort of help, ta.” John poked at buttons and fumbled through the resulting menus, feeling a bit like a rat in a maze.
But John was safe, which was the important thing. He did not seem negatively affected by his bouts of sleepwalking at night, did not seem to even remember them come morning. He was as fairly well-rested as one could expect a small boy to be. She was the one who could not sleep, twisting about in the sheets, readjusting her pillow over and over, laying right laterally, and then laying left. There was a sickness that swam about in her stomach, and it sloshed from side to side. The feeling wriggled and twisted, as if her gastrointestinal system had become home to a vat of quivering eels.
Any other time, John would have distracted Sherlock with a kiss and gone down roads more sexually conventional, but two fingers rubbing the outline of his gland and the third lightly grazing the surface had him leaking like a schoolboy. “Sherlock, it’s not enough. Just fuck me already,
A syrupy heat lay along John’s shoulders, seemed to trickle down his neck, dripping slow down his back and along his spine. A slithering heat roiled in his stomach. Guilt hung heavy upon him.
“Wait,” Sherlock might say. “Is she the one with the dog? Are you still seeing her? I was certain you broke up with her ages ago.”
Sherlock felt a little thrill of vindication that John’s wonderful new
He enjoyed
“Stating the obvious,” Sherlock drawled, but he stood up a little straighter.
“But don’t you wonder? And what the bloody hell are you singing?” John finally snaps.
read a chapter in my copy of
like a hissing,  (
“Nope,” said Bill, standing by John. “I have absolutely nothing more good or fun to do with my time. I’d just waste it, really. Honest.”
John felt hot all over, trapped underneath the weight of Sherlock’s hand upon his chest, pressing upon him, heat in his stomach and tingling in between his thighs, as if the engine were still rumbling underneath him. His whole body felt as if it were vibrating, and he didn’t know what to say.
Sometimes there’s a joy in his heart, sometimes there’s an awful dread. The sound of footsteps thunders up his body, pounding cobblestone and pavement. Leaping across rooftops is like the best dreams of flying.
Sherlock coughed delicately, as if he begged to differ. John had to think about it. While violence had resolved the problem of Carl’s yammering rather quickly, the problem of Carl being a complete pillock still remained. It was, admittedly, not a long-term solution.
“Contrary to all appearances, you are not completely idiotic,” Sherlock said, quite graciously.
“No fair!” John pouted, but quieted when Sherlock put both his hands on his shoulders. They were cool, and soft.
John shook his head no. It had only hurt for a second, just like Sherlock had said it would.
He was invisible. Invincible. Heady with exhilaration, the excitement of getting away with something so wrong.
John glances at his date, over by a darkened corner, giggling against the wall with Harriet. Her dress is baby blue; she  wears flowers in her hair. Sherlock waits for John's hesitation.
“Wow,” breathed John, and meant it. He was the type of person that would be a terrible liar.
Their eyes met, and in that crystallized moment of knowing, they shared something. They were more intimate now than they had ever been, closer in this dark secret than if their bodies had locked together.
Sherlock slid his finger in and out of John, taking his time, making John hyper-aware of his hole, sensitizing the nerves around his entrance and the bump of his prostate with careful, slow strokes. John fisted a hand in his own hair and tried to keep from flying to pieces.
The want that he could not name, the strange ache he’d known ever since he’d met Sherlock, his heart pulsed with it, the systole and the diastole.
“Okay,” John hums agreeably. “Maybe then you’ll have time...to get hard and we can do it all over again.”
I couldn’t make myself write Sherlock-san or Sherroku-senpai or John-kun, so please imagine that if you want ;;;;
“I’m a Head of House, dear, not your housekeeper,” said Professor Hudson.
“Motion for Bill to stop being creepy so we can all get to sleep,” said John.
“Are you sure you haven’t been drinking?” John asks.
“You leave him alone,” John said, taking a step forward as well. “Looks like your nose healed crooked. Maybe you need me to fix it for you?”
) and he was told, sorry, John, Sherlock was not at home.
"I’m not…We weren’t…" John stumbles over the words. "We weren’t a couple. No. I’m not…it wasn’t like that. No."
“The Devil does not want our children to stay true. So he plants temptations along the path. This rock and roll that leads to dancing, which leads to moving your hips, this gyration of body parts, it all leads young people to one place. The sins of the flesh. The sin of Lust-”
“Well, what?”
By the time the children returned, they were happily exhausted, hungry, and in dire need of baths.
"Point," Sherlock said. He carefully placed the bottle down onto the table with its goo-filled brethren. He then turned and, without warning or provocation, shoved a great glass terrarium full of Horned Slugs onto the floor. John watched it happen with fascinated horror; how it slid off the table, and then toppled. It shattered with a loud crash, showering glass shards and slugs all over the floor.
John looked up just in time for the shutter to click.
At this moment the faint strains of
Hazel did not answer. She clutched John’s small, wet body to hers and carried him to shore. She did not put him down until they were high up the beach, firmly on dry land.
“Oh, tell me you don’t actually believe that old bit, do you?” she’d laughed. “You’re such a square,” she said, and kissed him on the cheek.
“Oh, it’s boring,” Sherlock replied, and waved his hand dismissively. “Besides, it’s hidden. It’s a hassle to get it out.”
“She’s loads smart,” John agreed. His lips pressed together unhappily.
“Well, yes, but not for much longer if you suffocate him,” said Mike.
quiet.
"No, you don't," Sherlock said, "You don't have to tell your Mummy anything. You don't have to tell anyone anything, if you come with me. No one will tell you what to do, anymore."
John stammered, caught off guard by such a question. He didn’t have much to offer, now did he? What could Sherlock possibly be interested in?
She couldn’t see John.
John held out the slug for inspection. It sat there in his hands, doing nothing other than simply
“Curfew doesn’t apply to me.” Serene half-smile, like the Mona Lisa.
“They only don’t work because it’s our John,” Bill protested. “He only recognises us because he’s so close to us!”
“You could borrow it after I’m done,” Sherlock said generously. And then, with a hint of pride, he told John, “It is
Sherlock feels a twisting, a tightening in his gut, wringing out tighter and tighter.
John shakes his head, hair ruffling on the sheets. "On my..." he takes a shuddering breath. "On my dick." He flushes even more, blood filling capillaries in his cheeks, red under softness of skin, response to arousal, to embarrassment. The first time his mouth has formed that word, one little syllable dirty and at once innocent, forged in the heat of John Watson's mouth.
“Maybe I did,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock was secretly brave. Maybe they could both be brave together, and go on adventures. Maybe they could play Quidditch together on the same team,  and take all the same classes and see each other every day…
Now he was in his room, arranging and re-arranging his things. He didn’t want it to necessarily be too neat, like some kinda square, but he didn’t want Sherlock to think he was a slob, either. The bed was neat and tidy, sheets and covers tucked in with the hospital corners just as Momma had taught him.
Each face of the sign stands 30 feet by 30 feet, looking proudly down upon the stretch of Route 66 that passes through 11th Street and Lewis Avenue.
Nape, nipples, and belly button, inner thigh, from the curve of his ankle to that shallow puddle at the base of his spine, Sherlock chased golden trails of honey across John’s golden body for the rest of the morning, till he had him moaning and sticky-sweet all over.
John moaned openly, whorish and unashamed, burying his face into his own arm, teeth scraping against his own flesh. He squirmed wildly from the stimulation and Sherlock stopped his licking to bite him for it - although it was for himself as well - teeth sinking in to the flesh of one arse cheek, that satisfying sensation of flesh between his teeth. John arched, cried out, head hitting the pillows hard. The curve of his body was mathematical and the sound of his voice was musical, screaming out one pure note that was pitched perfectly midway on the scale of pleasure and pain.
“And if I can’t keep experiments under the bed I want to keep them in my drawer at least, I can put charms over the drawers so nobody sees or smells, so I don’t see why I can’t,” Sherlock said, clutching the slug to the front of him.
“All right then,” John said, smiling. Then he added, “Partner.”
He mouths other things, unspoken, silent things against John’s skin.
“An enemy,” John corrected himself.
John takes Sherlock’s hand.
John laughed, and tried his best to stifle the sound, since he’d gotten in trouble, back home, for giggling during class before. He looked over to Mike, on the other side of him, but Mike was fading fast. His eyes held the glazed-over look of zombies or people under hypnosis, and his head dipped like one of those drinking birds, threatening to fall face-first into his inkwell.
In London, Sherlock says, when the wind blows from the East, the river brings with it the smell of the sea.
,” mocked the Ravenclaw boy. “Whatever shall we do? Anything but
“Were you or were you not at Pop’s on Main today?” John asked him. “Looked an awful lot like you. Same hair and everything.”
John arches and exposes the curve of his neck; Sherlock feels the rapid, skittering pulse of his carotid artery underneath his lips. A small sound, a sharp intake of breath, when Sherlock undoes the button on his trousers, the zipper hissing as he tugs it down. An uncertain “Sherlock...”; a twitch of his hips when Sherlock slips his hand inside. His need, his want obvious in the hardness and heat of his cock in the palm of Sherlock's hand, and Sherlock has been patient and understanding far too long.
"Um. We…we were. We were like that," Victor says, withdrawing his hand.
John shook his head. “Not ones that people usually see. And certainly not ones that teach classes. Boring ones or otherwise. Most people don’t even believe in them.”
Suddenly, John opened his eyes and blinked at her.
John, dazed and caught out of breath, lips swollen and wet, did not react quickly enough for Sherlock’s satisfaction. Of course, anything less than immediate was far too long when Sherlock was aching with want.
The thing released John and slipped, quickly, underneath the waves.
"It's like I told you," Sherlock  tells him, one finger moving in and out. "You're going to be tight," and he feels his own body shudder at saying those words, "So we'll take our time. Stretch you open, nice and wide, until you can take my cock."
“We’ll start out with a  slow song. That ought to be easy enough for you,” said Sherlock, as he took John by the hand and pulled him up from his seat. “A simple box step. Four count: 1, 2, 3, 4. Come on, put your hand on my shoulder. Ready?”
“RAVENCLAW!” shouted the hat.
Sherlock opened his eyes and saw John. He watched him breathe, the miracle of breathing, the rise and fall of his chest, inhale and exhale. John was breathing, the internal processes of his body functioning, heart pumping, lungs inflating and deflating, mouth parted just slightly the way it did with the adrenaline of the case still coursing through his veins. Sherlock thought about the way John’s breath looked in the winter, curling out in a soft cloud of smoke in the frigid air. He thought about John’s breath against his own mouth. He felt only hollowness with spilled blood. Expiration. He watched John breathe and revelled in the joy of respiration.
He turned back to Madam Pomfrey. “You should use
“Thank God,” John agreed, finally peering over at his rescuer. Sherlock smiled at him, then, which made John’s spine tingle in a not-unpleasant way.
Not Sherlock, of course. Sherlock probably couldn’t look abashed even if he were caught naked in Buckingham Palace.
It started with a group of Ravenclaw girls who giggled and pointed as John walked by on his way to his first class. They immediately shushed when he turned around to look at them suspiciously, and then resumed once he’d turned his back to them again. This continued with a group of Hufflepuff students he’d passed next, and then there was snickering from a bunch of Slytherins, and he was sure that some of his fellow Housemates would have laughed at him too, if it weren’t for the fact that the majority of his House was currently giving him the silent treatment.
Sherlock shrugs.
The terror of not knowing what came next but suddenly guessing at how it worked. John’s breath caught in his throat at the epiphany. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes upon him, watching him, hiss of breath at how he looked, held open. Burning inside John’s chest, heat in his face, his heart hammering away -  like he might die of embarrassment, of anticipation, of fever-heat.
A new place, a new start.
Sherlock thought little of Jeanette and spoke even less of her. He had always been quite vocal on the topic of John’s girlfriends. He seemed to take a strange delight in pointing out what he considered their fatal flaws.
"We only have dried dittany," Madam Pomfrey said tightly, but she got out the bottle regardless. "As it is dried, it is not as effective as the fresh herb, which is nowhere as good as an extract or a Potion."
“If you’re going to delete photos, you could start by taking your finger off the shutter.” Sherlock slipped his hands behind his head, looking heartlessly amused with John’s frustrated attempts to work the piece of technology.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel… uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to. Maybe some insurance that he does his homework,” the Head Boy answered, in such an ominous tone that John wondered if they chained you up in the Dungeons in Slytherin House if you didn’t do your homework.
“Great,” says John. “Now I’ll never know exactly what general things Tulsa is known for.”
“So, Mr. Powers, I’m sure you know that
Hazel shivered, although the night was not a cold one.
John nodded, very solemnly. “I know it’s silly, and it doesn’t make sense. I knew that monsters weren’t real, but when the lights go out, it’s hard to remember that.”
For Sherlock, John would always say yes.
“You’ve...you’ve been imagining my bedroom?” John stammered, again. Twice now he'd been caught off guard by Sherlock's words, couldn't even imagine his intent. John's cheeks flushed, heat creeping up his body despite the chill.
In a few hours, it would be morning, and the rising sun would slowly fill the room with shy and tender gold.
And then Sherlock’s hand tightens even further, completely compressing his arteries - his carotid and his jugular - a light pressure on his trachea, cutting off his air supply.
“I’m sorry about the House points,” John mumbled.
Hazel could see the ocean from the sitting room window. She could see the ocean from the kitchen window. She could see the ocean from John’s window, from the toilet window, from her bedroom window, and she hated it, hated it greatly and irrationally and with a deep and unforgiving passion.
Sally shook her head, regarding him with a look of near pity. “I don’t mean to offend, John. I just wanted to give you a bit of advice. It’s not too late. You need to stay away from that guy.”
And then Sherlock lifted his own wrist to his mouth and bit down as well. His blood was a dark, dark red, rich with a slight sliver gleam - thicker than John’s, its drip so slow.  He took their two wrists and pressed them together, their veins cut open and flowing, their blood mixing together.
Taken from his home Monday night. The front door was locked from the inside. There are no signs of forced entry. Mother was working a night shift at the local Sweethaven town hospital. Sister was purported to be at a friend’s house the night of the disappearance. Father does not live with family; whereabouts unknown.
. Disdain, certainly. He had profound
“John...I know you’re a bit afraid of me and I understand your hesitation,” Sherlock said, in velvety, gentle tones, “but you still answered when I knocked. You were waiting for me.”
John stroked his fingers over the flat plane of Sherlock’s stomach, stroking the flesh he’d just exposed. He was smiling at Sherlock in a way that made Sherlock want to bite him.
“As if,” Sally continued in a whisper, “there’s such a thing as accidents with Sherlock Holmes. The weirder magic is, the darker it is, the more he likes it. And you know what...? One day, just ‘experimenting’ isn’t going to be enough. One day, he’s going to be
“Next one I throw’s gonna be a rock!” John called up, “Don’t think I don’t mean it!” and started searching for something suitably-sized.
Every morning Sherlock left his house at 6 am in order to make homeroom by 7. You could set your watch by Sherlock’s morning schedule, not that John ever would, of course; but it was a
“And then he was probably afraid we’d run off together once we came to our senses,” Victor laughs.
“O-oh,” John said, and his little face crumpled. It was as if Sherlock had taken all the bright hope and crushed it in his own fist. “I…I suppose you’re right, I mean, you
Sherlock caught the boldness in John’s gaze and served it back with a smile.
,” Sherlock said. He threw a bundle of quills into the trunk as if it were a javelin.
There’s silence in the space between them, the space between their breaths. Anything is a possibility in the space between their breaths.
“So he still does these funny experiments,” Victor says, poking at an old agar plate streaked with neon.
He settled for a simple, “No, you’re in the Infirmary. And be quiet, it’s past curfew.”
“Eventually,” Sherlock shrugged.
a boyfriend before ( many, many times before), but the experience of actually
“Well, that might be true,” John conceded the point. “But I don’t think you can just go around turning people into newts.”
due to a slight miscalculation, and it had been
“You’re not all that bigger than me!”
“They say owls have wisdom, but that’s erroneous,” Sherlock continued. “They’re not any wiser than any other type of bird or creature with similar brain size, which of course is miniscule. They have great big bodies but these puny little brains. Crows are actually the smartest bird.”
Sherlock settles himself over John, pinning him down with his weight and trapping him against the bed. John laughs and shoves at him now and they wrestle, half-playfully, half for serious, not knowing what’s at stake but Sherlock thinks that the stakes must be very high indeed, when he knows John always favors his left shoulder, when he looks at John flushed and laughing above him and when he hears himself say, “How about one day I take you far away from here.”
“Fine,” harrumphed Bill. “Goodnight, Mike.”
“Technically, Mrs. Hudson made it,” not-Sherlock said. “I’m only here to take the credit.”
“True,” Sherlock conceded.
John let out a soft puff of laughter. He tightened his arms around Sherlock, holding him close.
There was always tomorrow, John told himself. It was okay. It wasn’t like he was disappointed or anything like that, that would be silly.
Something moved in the woods. Out of the corner of his eye, John saw it. Something pale - white, maybe? - colorless. He didn’t want to turn to look at it. He couldn’t quite focus on it.
“Far too many zucchini. Hundreds of the things. No one told us they grew twenty to a vine.”
had boasted of a current record of over 26 years without a single reported untimely student demise - much to Sherlock’s chagrin.
John yelped and bucked, his hand fisting painfully into Sherlock’s hair. Growling his pleasure at the show of force, Sherlock resisted the pull and moved over to the other one. John cried out again as Sherlock applied teeth, but there was a sensual, falling note of bliss in his voice, and the way he arched, chest and then hips, up against Sherlock had nothing to do with resistance.
“Yes,” John laughs. “Exactly that.”
The collar was retrieved from the nightstand next to the bed, along with a tube of lubricant, the latter set aside. John bared his throat for him, that universal gesture of trust amongst wild creatures; his submission a gift.
It had happened only last summer to a boy who was quite a few years older than John, nearly a teen, almost. He had swum out too far and then disappeared. It had been all over the news: images of policemen and their dogs roaming the beach, boats with their torches floating out far into the water, even helicopters with their great big searchlights that spread out over the ocean like pale, fluorescent moons. But the dark water had stubbornly refused to give up its secrets, and nothing of the boy was ever found, as if the sea had simply swallowed him up.
“Are you doing anything for dinner?” Victor asks. “There’s a Thai restaurant around here that I’ve been meaning to try.”
and he assumed John would be able to keep up, but John’s pulse was hopped up, heart skittering, and Sherlock was still looking at him with such predatory intent, and John admitted, blurted out,  “I’ve never...you know, with a boy before.”
The Psychiatrist’s office was painted in a calming, hideous peach; quaint pictures of lighthouses hung on the walls next to Dr. Lawrence’s framed degrees. Hazel was not lying down on a couch; instead she tried not to swivel about in her comfortable leather chair.
But between his legs, he was hard, aching, and wet, first nudging, then pressed against Sherlock’s stomach, his smooth, bare skin.
“There you are, you’re all right, you’re all right.”
There was a blunt pressure - there - where he was held open. Small feeble whine with the feeling; thickness behind him. And big, bigger than he’d thought, it felt too big, impossible to fit, but Sherlock was unrelenting, insistent. Suddenly there was a give, and his mouth split open with a keening noise, as his body yielded, split - he was being split open, like ripe fruit. Juice dribbling. Spit in his mouth. Tears in his eyes.
“Bill, that
help you out, is if you stopped associating yourself with Sherlock Holmes.”
He reached over and turned up the radio.
She pushed open the bathroom door and screamed at what she found: John, her little boy, completely submerged in the water.
John flushed, reminded once again of his wrongdoing, the scolding he’d catch at home. “It was an accident, I never meant to stay out so late – “
John thought of the dog that he’d seen, flayed open and bloodless. He thought of the boy that had disappeared, and how the adults, the authorities, had just...stopped looking. It had only been a month. As if they all knew they wouldn’t be able to find anything. If they held a funeral for him, they would have to bury an empty casket, but they didn’t know if he was
So it wasn’t what most people thought of when they thought of dating. Most people were agonisingly boring.
as Sherlock. ;3;
Mycroft sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. Merlin give him strength.
The mothers nodded, the children as well. Then the mothers went back into their neat white houses with their pastel doors painted in springtime colors, with their green lawns and picket fences. The children resumed their play. The police car turned the corner and resumed its slow roll down onto the next street, first the siren, then the announcement:
They’re still laughing when they’re escorted out of the pub by the bouncer, so intoxicated that they can barely walk. They cling to each other in the dirty street, each one holding the other up, lamplight shining on the tears that streak their faces.
John leaned away, but his eyes went to it as though magnetised.  The screen displayed one of the photos Sherlock had just taken of him, completely immersed in his newspaper, tongue making fluttering love to the puddle of honey on the spoon.  His nose wrinkled.  “I look like an idiot.”
“Oh,” said Sherlock. This made far more sense. “Which one?”
”She was looking for her phone,” Sherlock said. “She realised she’d had it all along when it vibrated in her pocket.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Sherlock. “First of all, slugs, Horned or otherwise, are not capable of emotion, and secondly, they’re hermaphroditic.” At John’s blank stare he informed him, “They’ve got both boy and girl parts.”
A bat-man thing was the solution. John got all excited when he talked about that; it was an easy distraction.
“John!” Hazel said, kneeling in front of him. She did not like the high note that her voice ended upon when she said his name, and she grasped him by his small shoulders to hold him. She was afraid to shake him, because she had heard somewhere that one must not wake a sleepwalker. “John, it’s Mummy, Johnny, darling.”
“Listen! Do you hear that?”
Sherlock makes a noise that is somewhere between confusion and disgust; a typical ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about but I am almost certain that it is stupid but I refuse to admit I don’t know what you’re talking about’ Sherlock kind of sound. John sings not-so-quietly to himself for the next 10 miles, until Sherlock threatens to throw his souvenir collection out the window if he doesn’t stop, and then John switches to humming underneath his breath. Then somewhere around Miami (the Oklahoma one, not the beaches one), Sherlock mutters, “...doin’ fine, Oklahoma...Oklahoma, O.K.!”
A thorough check in the mirror in the third floor toilets revealed absolutely nothing, except for two older boys, a Ravenclaw and a Slytherin, who abruptly stopped talking when he entered. They then made rude gestures and faces behind him while John stood at the mirrors, as well as strange attempts to measure his height. The whole encounter left John frankly confused and slightly terrified.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder. "Is that a Bond reference? Obvious."
Then it was time for church.
“He was a really talented actor,” John says. “It’s tragic.”
"Well,” John allowed, “maybe he's a fighting-evil, heroic kind of detective. Maybe he's the only one in the world."
The Big Well is also home to the Space Wanderer, the largest pallasite found to date - weighing in at 1000 pounds. Discovered in 1949, it is a piece of meteorite that had fallen to earth and embedded itself in the field of a local farm, as meteorites tend to do.
“We do not use those words, Bill,” said Mike, who was wise in the methods of intervention. “Say sorry. And John, put your nice S.W.A.G. on, and say thank you.”
“I see,” said Professor Hudson. “Well, boys, this is a very serious situation. We absolutely do not tolerate fighting or violence at Hogwarts, no matter the reasoning. Surely you all must understand that. No problems are
“Yes, Professor,” Carl nodded, mumbling.
“Sherlock-” John panted. It was like he’d just come out from under deep water.
“What’s his name?” Sherlock asked, glancing back at the soft puppy. He pet it absentmindedly, as if it were a real puppy.
“This is what’s meant to happen. I asked you what you wanted, and you let me in.”
“It’s not for you!” John attempted to explain, over-exaggerating the words so that he could be understood through the glass. “I wasn’t talking to you!”
“Are you all right?” Sherlock asked John urgently.
The shame and the guilt came crashing down on him only seconds afterwards, as he lay panting in the dark, confronted with the warm, wet mess of his own sin all over his hand. But it would not stop him from repeating the experience the next night, nor from nodding yes when Sherlock asked him, the next day, whether he wanted a ride home from school.
?”  Bill squeaked. “How do you know I’m not next?”
Mr. Benson, who was on John's paper route, managed the local theater and slipped him an extra dime, sometimes, in exchange for errands and small favors: sweeping up the theater lobby, or sorting new popcorn bags, or wiping down the framed glass of the pictures that were
“There were witnesses there on Friday. Everybody’s going to know who attacked first. They really oughtn’t allow young ruffians into this school,” Anderson sneered.
But he had rolled over already, lost to her once more.
He lets Victor guide him down to a chair - by some happy accident, it just so happens to be his chair. Or perhaps Victor is that observant, he doesn’t know.
John is described by his mother to be a polite, rule-abiding boy. A good student, with healthy interest in sports.
“Yes!” said John, and then another triumphant little “yes!” as Rachmaninoff, or Rocky, if one preferred, the slug finally made it to nibble at the leaf Sherlock held in his hand.
“What a
If you have any questions, you can find me on my tumblr: http://traumachu.tumblr.com
This Sunday’s Scripture was a passage about the Temptation of Christ.
And then, all of a sudden, summer was over.
He was burning up with all the restlessness of the day, cooped up inside, on account of his punishment, avoiding both Harry and his mother, on account of his embarrassment. Every cell, every molecule of him seemed to be vibrating with unused energy; a boy on the verge of explosion, or implosion - whichever came first.
And, his father says, "You're never going to amount to anything if you continue on this way."
"Thank you," John murmurs. Sherlock hums softly in acknowledgement, fingers reverently stroking John’s throat.
John looked at her, the porchlight in her hair and the moonlight in her eyes, and thought of how delicate she’d felt in his arms, and how she was a good girl, and he was a good boy, you see, and he said, “Then we shouldn’t wake them.”
"Baby, it's all right," Sherlock hears himself say, deep inside of John, right where he wants to be. Where he's wanted to be the moment he laid eyes on him. He’s not one for pet names. Not sure the origin of that damning phrase. Never wanted to call anyone that before, not even the girls he’s had, fragrant, experimental subjects who had swooned and sighed in his arms as he lied. John inspires some new and frightening feeling, the curiosity of warring dichotomies: a desire to nurture as much as a desire to destroy.
it’s gone?! John, this is
“Some girls,” Sherlock says, “can climax from pure stimulation of their nipples alone.”  John inhales sharply, his chest already caught in rapid rise-and-fall of his elevated respirations. Sherlock gives one nipple a sharp pinch to watch his mouth fall open, hear the sort of sound that pours out.
Not to sound crazy or anything.
Sherlock hissed a breath through his teeth.
“Don’t worry too much about people who don’t know anything,” said Greg, as he started to get up. “Focus on doing good things. Like getting better at Quidditch.”
They were surrounded by water. There would be no escape.
you’re a virgin. You’d never even kissed anyone before me.”
“Yes. Um. See you around,” Victor replies, who is clearly not faring much better.
“John,” he said, and shook her hand. “John, well...you know. Watson,” he finished lamely.
John was very glad that Sherlock seemed to finally learn some sense in the last five seconds. His whole voice changed and he managed a quite contrite, “I’m sorry,” which made Madam Pomfrey soften. It would have been awfully boring in the Infirmary without Sherlock, especially since John was to stay overnight for observation.
This seemed to shock Sherlock. Had anyone ever told him ‘no’ before? He pouted at John for a second before his demeanor changed entirely.
If it hadn’t been Lestrade’s beep, he wouldn’t even have reached for it. When he glanced at the screen, it read, “Man from Barcelona. Only speaks Russian. Can’t remember own name. Come at once.”
This state of affairs could not be allowed to stand.
Then, a knock on glass. John turned, and jolted: there was Sherlock’s sly face at the classroom door, peering in at him through the window. Seeing all. He squeezed his eyes shut and when he opened them again, it was Bill waving at him, pulling a face. John lifted a hand in a feeble greeting back, face burning with embarrassment. Spent the rest of the class staring at his treacherous hand, the sweaty palm. Idle. The devil’s plaything.
(See the end of the chapter for
, of all people, would be ashamed to be his friend.
“Ow!” said Bill.
One is a sex bed, the other one for sleeping in, Sherlock explains, for true efficiency. They end up using both for both purposes, not caring.
Sherlock shrugged his jacket off with brisk efficiency. His hands went to the buttons of his collared shirt, popping open the first two in a matter of seconds before John placed his hands on top of Sherlock’s and stopped him.
The heart was missing.
“Oh? And are you going to tell on me?” Sherlock asked archly.
Sherlock walks straight into the cornfield. In the late summer and fall it would be a forest of tall green stalks, same as John was used to, but this early on in the year the sweet corn is no higher than three feet. It rustles as Sherlock wades through, a man with intent.
John blinks at him.
The padded muscle of his belly tightened and flexed when he stretched, and Sherlock had had enough of this all-looking-but-no-touching business. He tossed the camera on the bed and followed after, the two of them rolling together over the sheets while John laughed at Sherlock’s eagerness.
“So what did you do?”
from Sherlock’s wand, smiling at him, genuinely and warmly.
“Three States Watson,” the dollies all titter, even the fast senior girls giving John eyes in the hallway.
He wanted the lip of the fender nipping at his thighs while Sherlock pounded into him, John’s hands sliding uselessly over the smooth surface of the beautiful red and white steel. He wanted Sherlock’s hands on his hips, holding onto him to keep him from sliding, forcing him to stay in place. He wanted to see if he would cry, what that was like. He wanted to broken apart and put back together again, better than before, just like one of Sherlock’s engines.
The dog barked ferociously at something unseen. The banging grew louder, and louder still, knocking on the house.
feel awful although he rarely felt awful about other people’s disappointment.
“This is Sherlock,” John says quickly. “He’s my study partner. We’re...working on a project together.”
“Oof. Ger’off,” John mumbles, shoving at Sherlock soon as he has his hands back again.
John shivered. Momma didn’t like him reading scary stories at home. She always said, “It’s not healthy to fill your head up with that nonsense. It’ll give you nightmares.”  And so he spent many an afternoon at the library, glutting himself on horror novels, ghost stories, tales of the morbid and gruesome and inhumane. He was just about to turn the page, for the next “
"Mike!" Bill said to Mike.
Victor breaks away, his hair mussed, cheeks flushed and lips reddened from kisses. His dark eyes shine in the light of the living room lamps. But he looks at John and he hesitates, although John can feel his erection pressing against him, something that thrills him and terrifies him all at once. Victor sucks in a breath and says, “Stop if you don’t really want this. ”
“Always a good option,” Victor agrees.
The hallways were eerily quiet, empty of the normal hustle and bustle of students. The heavy, oppressive silence made John think of a ghost town, or perhaps, even, a
Sherlock sucks hard enough to leave a soft red mark right above John’s nipple as reward then; another over the xiphoid process -the bottom of the sternum; another over the manubrium, at the top, and another right in the middle, body of the sternum, body of John. Another hickey slightly to the left of the last, right over his heart. John’s skin will be splotched with reminders of him tomorrow. When John gets dressed in front of the mirror in the morning, he will see the marks of Sherlock’s mouth and teeth all over him.
“What do they use then, if not owls?”
“Ah, yes, the Evil Eye,” said John, nodding sagely. “Like Sauron.”
“Well, yes,” said John. “But why are you spending your Friday night in the Infirmary here with
she began, and then cut herself off quickly when the shadowy form of Madame Pince swooped by behind them.
John begged, in his head,
“I’m afraid that’s beyond my ability, Sherlock.”
“Goodnight, John. I’ll see you next time.”
the reason he doesn’t have friends. He doesn’t care
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, and then smiled at him in such a way that John felt like the sun had just come out and it was shining through the glass panes of the greenhouse. It made him feel like the insides of his chest were being coated with a gooey sort of happiness.
The pressure on his throat increased and John’s brain sparked bright blue, and he felt the thrusts inside of him as deep pleasure that reverberated down to the red marrow of his bones. Too much, too much, he was trembling, panting, sweaty, clenching around the hardness inside of him. Shuddering hard and strangled keening sound, cut off suddenly by Sherlock’s hand covering his mouth, his wet mouth open against Sherlock’s palm as he spasmed and spilled white all over the sheets.
of people.”
“You have a filthy mouth,” he said. “Now where did you learn to talk like that?”
Harry had the Bible open on her lap, looking for all the world like she was piously following along, when John knew she was probably thumbing through for naughty bits. The Old Testament had plenty of those (as Harry had shown him).  She was humming, quietly, only just loud enough for John to hear: an Elvis song. She generously shared her records with John; to save him from his own uncoolness, she said. John liked all of it: Jerry Lee Lewis, Chuck Berry, Johnny Cash, Ray Charles - Elvis being his favorite.
“Well, you know,” John said, “For a pathetic firstie, I think I did a right decent job of kicking your arse.”
It’s just that John had never thought of Sherlock in that way. If anything, he’d always pictured Sherlock a bit asexual, without much interest in women or men. Well, there had been Irene Adler, but that hadn’t been much about sex, in the end. An infatuation for her brilliance, which perhaps might have amounted to the same thing, for Sherlock.
and drunk.”
When she looked up again, Harriet and the girl were splashing at each other. John was playing by himself in the waves, looking down into the water and watching the waves and sand carve new paths around his feet.
Sherlock spits in his own wet hand now, his and John's saliva intermingled, impossible to separate. He wraps his hand around himself and begins to stroke, looking down at John, laid out on his own bed, on sheets soft from multiple washings. John's eyes on him, on the movement of his hand, on the pull of his dick. The flicker of tongue as John licks his lips, breathing heavy, watching. The glistening wetness of John’s mouth after he's licked his lips.
“I know, I know,” said John. “And remember, Mom says
“That’s not entirely true...” John protested quickly. “It wasn’t like that!”
“You know,” John says, “I’m surprised that Sherlock never told me about you.”
John whimpered, unable to help it. The sounds came out muffled and quick and small.
He kissed John again, the sensation eclipsing all else. No room for thoughts or worries. He tasted like cigarettes and the crisp firewood scent of winter, of things burning. Something strange underneath all that that reminded John of dying roses, a perfumed staleness that he couldn’t identify. Liquid, silken kisses that made John dizzy with the heat and ache of his own body, that made him forget how to move, how to breathe, how to keep himself from making tiny strange noises of wanting.
On Liza’s utter ignorance masquerading as purity: “Don’t kid yourself, kid. She wants it, she’s just too much of an idiot to know what it is that she wants.”
John was not a particularly cultured man. Musically speaking, he was completely ignorant. He couldn’t tell Tchaikovsky from Chopin or Beethoven from Brahms, and Sherlock sometimes caught him singing along to Top 40 on the radio. The one time John had gone to see the London Symphony Orchestra he had fallen asleep, a sin so grievous that Sherlock had been treated to a delightful 50 minutes of Jeanette’s righteous fury, as she bore down upon a helplessly trapped John in the entryway of 221B.
“I’m sure if Sheriff Lestrade saw you, he would disagree.”
“Hm,” Sherlock looked doubtful. Normally it would be easy to refuse something so ridiculous, but John seemed so excited and Sherlock had a very clear image of what a disappointed John look like, and how it somehow made
“That’s nice of you,” he decided. Even if the Slytherin Head Boy was intimidating, overbearing, and frankly quite frightening, perhaps it was nice to see that the older students in this school took an interest in the younger ones.
"No," John says. "I don't want to. I'm fine on my own."
He watched as Sherlock turned to leave, slipping gracefully down, branch after branch, making the precarious descent down the tree with the ease of one who did not know fear. Until he could not see him anymore, and Sherlock had disappeared into that dark and lonely night.
Now where the fuck had he left his gun?
John smiles wryly. “I suppose that’s true. He was probably afraid we’d have too much to talk about, all his horrible bits and all.”
"You don't seem very afraid," the Slytherin boy remarked, with barely-suppressed amusement. He stepped in closer, polished shoes tapping on the flagstone, forcing John to tilt his head back to make eye contact.
In the span of the last five minutes, John’s heart had beat for him 600 times.
John began to giggle.
His eyes caught the moonlight, sleek shine of silver. “And I know that’s not all you’ve been hiding.”
“My recommendation is a holiday,” said Dr. Lawrence. “I will write you a prescription for some low dosage anti-anxiety medication that may help, but the most important thing is for you to get away for some real relaxation. Perhaps a little jaunt to the countryside will do you right.”
"I"m going to be mixing drinks!" John declared, unfazed as usual. "Bartender, another round, for me and my friend!"
“So,” said Professor Hudson, taking a seat on an equally squashy armchair across from the boys. “Would anyone like to tell me what happened Friday afternoon?”
There’s a moment where John struggles, the fighter in him lashing out, his irrepressible  instinct for survival. He claws at Sherlock’s hand, unable to help it, fingers scrabbling uselessly against the back of Sherlock’s pale wrist. He tries to grab it and tug, but all his movements are strangely  small and weak.
“It was a falcon!” John insisted.
with it?” Sherlock bemoaned.
have friends, but he has one now. That’s who I am.”
The sea was rising. It would flood over the dunes and come up to their doorstep. The water would wash over the primroses and peonies in her flowerbed, drowning them. Seawater would seep underneath the door, into the front hallway. The locks would not be able to hold back the tide. The door would open and the water would come rushing in, flooding the house, filling up every room, coming for them, coming for John…
“It's a bit different for boys, obviously - isn't that correct?” Sherlock prompts, and squeezes when John nods by way of answering. John, writhing beneath him, teeth at his lip to keep the sounds from escaping him, but when Sherlock bites and sucks at his neck he moans anyway - instinctive response.
He could feel the stiffness of John’s body underneath his palms, the way his muscles tensed, contracting and coiling, the way his mouth was still and slack underneath the insistent press of Sherlock’s mouth.
He reached between them and grabbed John’s flushed and twitching cock, stroking him through his second orgasm. His palm was lubricated with John’s precum and the semen that he’d already spent. “You’re such a filthy slut,” Sherlock breathed, ever so fond.  ”That’s it, go on and let go for me.”
"No body means no murder!" Molly looked inappropriately delighted. "Not murder you can prove, anyway."
John cleared his throat. “Of course I do -” he mustered.
James Dean, all those years ago, this feeling, and now Sherlock Holmes.
When he looked down he could see Sherlock’s dark head bent over him, making soft wet satisfied groans like an animal at the kill. His tongue, his mouth was everywhere, licking and wet. It was, it was, licking him, somewhere - so secret and dirty that John could never have comprehended it. Sherlock’s tongue all over his thighs and then in between his cheeks, at his -
? Come on, you don’t know
“That's strange,” Harry murmured. “There’s no cut or anything.” John looked down at his wrist, and saw only smooth flesh, lightly tanned from playing in the sun. “You must have just scraped it against something. I don't know how you managed that. That was a lot of blood.”
The original Tulsa was part of Indian Territory and first settled by the Lochapoka and Creek tribes in 1836. They established their settlement under a large oak tree at what is now known as the intersection of Cheyenne Avenue and 18th Street. Their new home they named
John’s breath caught in his throat. His nerves were vibrating. He had stripped for Sherlock before, of course, but always in the privacy of his bedroom, never out in the open like this. It didn’t matter that it was near midnight, the house was dark and quiet, and they were in the relative safety of Sherlock’s garage.  This was a wide open space; the light from the garage spilling out into the indiscernible night. The night was all around him, and anything could have been out there; even the glittering stars seemed like twinkling eyes.
“Oh!” said John. “Okay, I want to.”
.” The clever hands on his thighs caught in the crease where leg met hip and pulled John down against a hardening cock. John could feel the heat radiating through all the layers of their clothes. He lost his breath like Sherlock had just sealed their mouths together and sucked it from him. It was a simple rub of their clothed pricks; why did it feel like he was sixteen and ready to hump until he came?
“Welcome to the club,” said Mike.
“Of course not!” Carl snapped.
“Best to make sure,” said John, and pinched Mike solidly on the arm.
kitchen table - and tried not to think the word
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned,” the Head Boy continued. “We have what you might call a… complicated relationship.”
Sherlock props his feet up on the bed and smacks the pack of cigarettes against the palm of his hand to get one out. “Your mother isn’t widowed, although she tells everybody so,” he observes. “She’s divorced. Being widowed is the easier story; it allows for more sympathy, less questioning. That’s why you moved here, isn’t it, to get away from him?”
John grandly disappointed them both with nothing more interesting or important to say than, “Wow!”
His bike chain broke. And yet his bike had been fine, this morning. His mouth ran unexpectedly dry.
In John’s room, with the windows half open, the afternoon breeze wafts in. It gently lifts the curtains, so that it is as if they are performing imitations of ghosts. Sherlock has John down on the bed, laid out on fresh sheets that have dried on the line, summer smells of grass and sun.
“Yes, I suppose we are,” the Head Boy said with a little smile, teeth glinting and badge glinting. “Welcome to Hogwarts, Mr. Watson. I hope you do not regret the side you have chosen.”
“Not to mention completely rubbish!” John said.
. "He's a detective!"
“I made you coffee once,” not-Sherlock said.
John turned and laughed, and said, “What? I thought you let me have it because you
for those of you who want schoolboys on your blog.
“But what if...what if I had stayed? What if I had been there? Would it have turned out any different? I could have--”
And his rejoinder:
"I told you already, you're not going to be expelled," Sherlock said to John, rolling his eyes. "So stop that."
*sobbing because
he felt a flutter in his tummy that he didn’t understand. He wouldn’t understand for a while yet. Not until Sherlock Holmes pressed him against the lockers one hazy afternoon in late September, years later. Then suddenly, everything was illuminated.
“I like...I like it, Sherlock,” John says, the words panted out. Sherlock likes how John’s voice catches, just so, on his name. He likes how John arches his body forward, offering it up for the touching, the grabbing.
"You’re a good man, Greg," John said. And then, to further extend his outlandish gratitude. "I think I love you, Greg."
Instead there was an odd hollowness inside, a disgusting feeling, an absolutely detestable feeling. Sherlock swallowed and concentrated hard and he pushed it all the way down, deep far down inside, until it reached a place where it didn’t bother him anymore.
"Nuh uh," John protested, slipping his hand into Harry's.
He could see out into the night through the tinted windows - the streetlamps, the trees, the lonely, empty road - but nobody could see in.
He had wondered about the conditions of weather on the fire and using his report cards as kindling
John was panting, the hot gusts of breath stoppered with the black ball gag in his mouth. His body was scorching, the heat of him so intense that it seemed like he should sizzle when Sherlock licked a delicate stripe across his collarbone. Sherlock imagined he could taste desperation in the salt of John's sweat, gently prespired along with the minerals and trace metals. Desperation mixed in with sodium and magnesium and potassium, with zinc and copper and iron. Desperation was obvious, at least, in the tremble of his thighs, the arch of his spine, the tension and quiver of his muscles.
How they meet is a few weeks later, on the grassy green path up to Sherlock’s grave. John sees the long black coat first, and the dark hair, and his heart wrings itself out in his chest, and his hand clenches around the bouquet so hard that the stems of the carnations and lilies bleed sticky green juice.
“He’s taller than you,” Bill said.
“I shan’t make you any promises,” Sherlock said. “Now bring me
Hazel got out of bed, putting her feet in her slippers and pulling on her robe. Something was wrong. She could not explain it, but she was sure of it.
John had arrived home from school on a Thursday, at the same time the postman (Mr. Daley) arrived at the Watsons’ front gate. “Mail for you, Johnny my boy,” Mr. Daley said, with a large smile, and John didn’t need Sherlock to deduce what it was, judging from the size of the envelope.
Sherlock bucked his hips up against John with an evil smirk. “Both.”
“I’ve never been kissed before,” John admits, breath tumbling out, words pouring out of him like he’s in confession.  Realizes how uncool that is to say the moment he’s said it; Sherlock with his eyes that could figure you out and a mouth that could undo a person like tugging out just the right string of a knot.
“Oi, John, what’re you doing?” shouted a scrawny boy with brown hair and glasses. (Half-blood, raised with magic, parents divorced, lives with grandmother.) “That’s the
. It needn’t even be intentional; it could be a result of gross negligence.”
Later that night, sleep comes to him much easier, the way it does to those who know that tomorrow will be okay.
“What is it?” Sherlock prompts him, breath hot and panting, his cock buried to the hilt inside of John.
Sherlock was very curious, for a stranger. “As one does at a library,” John replied, sticking a smile on his face.
The streets around Baker Street are busy, traffic flowing, people going about with their lives, a world that continues on and on. John sets out with no particular route or destination in mind.
John let out an involuntary giggle, squeezed out from the tension in his chest. It sounded far too bright and wrong to his ears, but he couldn’t recapture it once it had wormed its way out.
"Don't you dare do anything like that again, you hear me?" Harry said, and then she cleared her throat to release the tremble from her voice. "You could have gotten killed or kidnapped! Mum and Dad would have my head!"
“The barista is giving us a nasty look,” Victor whispers conspiratorially. “Again.”
Little square boy from Nowheresville, country bumpkin from a town where the people are vastly outnumbered by cows. You look at him and you think cornfields and open blue skies and goddamn sunshine.
“Right!” said Bill. “Just look at Helga Hufflepuff!”
And if he doesn’t concentrate, if he doesn’t think, he can fall into step with someone whose strides are longer than his, each of them compensating for the other, can remember what it was like to occasionally bump shoulders, can hear the various deductions and horrible insinuations about passersby.
“What? You’re not making any sense.”
It isn’t like John has never noticed girls. He likes girls. He likes the way they look, the way they talk, the different perfumes they wear. He likes the way they wear their hair and the curves of their bodies, the softness of their hands.
He gave John a great big enthusiastic hug, tightly clutching John’s poor shaken head to his chest.
They would not return to the beach for the rest of that summer.
“So where
There are no family portraits. There are school portraits of John and Harry together and individually, and a few portraits of their mother when she was younger - a real looker, in her day. It’s hard to tell in the black and white photos, but Sherlock knows John has her eyes and her golden hair.
’ Oh, that sounds...’”
And so this is event horizon. There is no return. And the sun could spin in backwards rotation, for all Sherlock suddenly does not know.
“There’s a whole other world, under the water,” Sherlock said, “Full of things to see.”
Sherlock ducked his head, licked a wet stripe over the exposed V of skin on John’s chest. One hand dropped between them, with his nails gently scratching over the shape of John’s erection, tracing it, lining it, paying attention to the head of it. John let out the moan that had been building up in the bottom of his throat, head dropping back, eyes closing. The overhead light burned bright through his eyelids, so that all he could see was white/glowing red. That was how he felt; burned through with light, filled with the color of heat.
John was enraptured by him.
“Are we done here?” John asked, his own gaze unwavering, although he was starting to get a cramp in his neck from looking up so much. “I have to get to dinner eventually, and you’re standing in my way.”
“Jerk,” John says again. Sherlock smiles up at him, that smile that always made John’s gut clench, long before he knew what the feeling meant.  Sherlock says, “Shut up so I can kiss you,” and John refuses, because they’re both in the mud (dirt, corrects Sherlock) and the next motel has got to be miles and miles away yet, and they’re still out in the open, and Sherlock is a madman, and then Sherlock kisses him anyway, cutting him off mid-word. It’s a stolen tactic - John had discovered this first, when Sherlock was being particularly insufferable one day, bored out of his skull and reciting different iterations of chemical compounds in dangerous combinations, and John had kissed him to stop him thinking.
Sherlock knew who it was without even looking, so he took a moment to let John fidget. It was brave of him, to come over to the Slytherin side of the room, with everybody watching and judging.
John supposed that Sherlock was probably a cause of worry for many people, only in very different ways.
and oh, oh.
John glanced down at the photo again, still wide-eyed,  his flush deepening now, warm upon his cheeks.
Sherlock easily pushes two fingers into John's mouth to rub around on that perfect scrap of tongue. John looks up at him but he does not protest, only sucks lightly.
magazine.
I didn't forget about you guys!! Had a busy day today and I'll catch up on comments tomorrow <3
“All right!” John said. Sherlock flashed him a smile, and then in a splash he was gone, underneath the waves. He left behind only a spray of droplets that arced, glittering through the air, before they fell back down to the water and disappeared as well.
He wasn’t like anyone John had ever met. "Oh yeah?" John said, a bit of challenge in his voice, rising to the occasion. Sherlock smirked at him.
It was all Harry’s fault. She had gotten her letter two years prior and, consequently, had become absolutely
“Exactly right,” John giggled. He peered into the mortar, to see the finely-crushed powder that Sherlock had created. “Oh, you’ve already gotten started. What can I do?”
“You keep on saying her name as if that word has any meaning to me.”
John closes his eyes.
John had transferred over in September; bright-eyed, bushy-tailed, cheeks pink with the first light chill of autumn. He had cube written all over him; joined the football team right off, made junior varsity at the tryouts. Predictable. Boring. Anyone could look at him and see that in a month or two he’d be dating a paper shaker, in three to four months they’d be going steady, and in six years or less they’d be married and ready to pop out a few dream-achieving anklebiters of their own.
“I didn’t make it up, I saw it, it was flying right behind us.” John pointed. “Oh, look, there it is again!”
He observed the slugs for another long moment. "That...
Sherlock panted; moaned loud and low, shameless, one hand gently massaging John’s throat above the collar, encouraging, imagining that he could feel his cock through the column of flesh.
“Ah, mom,” John says, only slightly out of breath, fooling nobody. “I didn’t know you were home. Else I would have said hi.”
The only person who was unknown, was Sherlock.
always been a bit slow on the uptake.”
John made a soft sound that was foreign to himself and reached out, fisted his hand into Sherlock’s shirt to hold onto him, both to steady himself and to prevent him from pulling away. He felt as if thunder were rolling inside of him. He wanted to stay in this moment forever, Sherlock’s cool fingers stroking his cheek, Sherlock’s lips pressed gently against his own. The night deep and dark around them, Sherlock’s presence blotting out moon and stars and God Himself.
“Mine,” Sherlock mumbled, the word humid against John’s neck.
“What’s a pact?” John asked, as this had not clarified anything for him. He had only just started school this year, after all, and had never heard these words before.
going to make Beater this year, but she had never really bothered to explain the rules to him. He hadn’t even mounted a broom until his first flying lesson two weeks ago, although Madam Hooch had said he was rather all right.
“What is it, John?”
“Did you just call me fat?” Victor mumbles, face still buried in John’s neck. John can feel his voice rumble through both their chests, low and rough with early morning, thrumming with satisfaction. Morning-After voice. “Good morning to you too, starshine.”
“Sherlock, please,” he said.
“I can’t tell...I can’t tell…” he seemed to be muttering to himself, over and over.  He sounded lost, and looked even worse. He looked up at John with a sort of empty hopelessness looming wide until John grabbed his hands by the wrists to still them and stop their wandering so that he could ask Sherlock, “What? What is it that you can’t tell? Sherlock, tell me.”
, all for him, made his cock leak and his balls quiver.
Sherlock whispered into John’s ear, “I’m going to feel you from the inside,” right as he pushed in.
Sherlock shrugged. “Sleep with her, don’t sleep with her, knock her up. Hell, have twins. None of my beeswax.”
And he hoped Sherlock knew what he meant, because he sure as heck didn’t.
“Where are we?” John asked, sudden and sharp. “What street are we on? I should have been home a while ago. Where are you taking me?”
It was witch weather, John thought, and now was the witching hour.
"But the slugs..." John said. "Well, now they're all getting away." He paused, watching the slugs for a moment. "Um. I think.”
The car rolled to a stop just beside him. John held his breath. It was a sleek blue Chevrolet with silver rims and silver trim, a rumbling creature of an engine.  But all of the windows were tinted dark, so that he could not see who was inside, what monster might lay in wait for him there. Maybe this was what had always happened, maybe there was always a car with black windows before they vanished into the night, and John H. Watson would become another name that was in the paper for two weeks only and then forgotten, with only Momma and Harry to left to remember and mourn-
Another ten minutes and he’d have to get going himself, if he didn’t want to be late for school. The street was empty save for a man in his slippers who had stepped out of his house to get the paper, his open robe flapping out behind him like a cape in the wind, giving the rest of the street an abundant eyeful in the early morning.
John’s eyes went wide, darkened, then, with arousal, his breath caught in his throat. His other hand tightened on Sherlock’s jacket, twisting and wrinkling the fine material in his fist, and he nodded.
“There’s something in your pocket of interest. Let me have it.” He held out one pale hand, open palmed. John stared, appalled at his lack of manners.
And, if he’s not careful, he will make out the words of the chorus, softly crooning "
He wasn’t breathing.
This chapter's art is of course by cutie perfect beekitten
"Should have been paying attention to where you were walking instead of harassing me," said an upside-down John, standing over him. “Nothing’s broken. Stop being so dramatic.”
Nothing makes any sense at all when Sherlock finds him after practice, school hallways empty and Sherlock’s eyes on him like frost and fire. There’s a look in Sherlock’s eyes that’s like a coyote after a lean winter gone on too long.
But most sand stayed where it ought to, in the front hall and in the foyer, occasionally tracked into the entrance of the sitting room or perhaps the kitchen. Sometimes sand roamed into the bath, as sand was wont to do, especially when one had children - and occasionally a dog - shedding off the signs of the beach from that day.
But then Sherlock grew quiet again, because, really, wow was the only word for it. Sherlock was used to castles and magic and portraits that were people and not even t.v.s but real people and despite all this Sherlock went quiet and it was a
“Okay, remember that bet we had to see who would crack first?” John rubs his eyes with the heel of one hand. “I think you need to pay up.”
“Come on,” John breathed. The line of his throat was tense with want. “Hurry up already,” he said, his turn to be impatient.
John moaned, his voice husky with early morning, and tilted his head back to allow Sherlock access, sliding his hand up to curl his fingers in Sherlock’s hair.
while the other was playing Johnny Cash, “
“You have to stop following me,” he later confronted Sherlock, who was in his lab/garage. Sherlock Holmes was the only person John knew with a lab-slash-garage. “I don’t need a chaperone on my dates.”
"Are you writing a book?" Sherlock says in reply. She smiles with her mouth and not her eyes.
“More experienced than me?” John said, mouth twitching with amusement. “I’ll have you know…”
“I walked into a door,” John said, bold-faced.
“Wait, no…” John starts, “I think it’s my buy to turn. I mean.” He squints at his empty glass. There was something not right about the last sentence but he’s not quite sure what, and his glass is not giving him any answers at all.
Madam Pomfrey, as testament to her unending patience, did not even acknowledge Sherlock this time but instead pointed the business end of her wand at John’s face.
“Do you miss Gladstone?” Sherlock asked him.
But on his third wander ‘round
He glanced over, across the room, to the crucifix on the wall.
Sherlock’s hand went to the side of his robes. John realised, with a horrible tightness in his throat, that Sherlock was going for his wand.
“One must use the guiding hand of the Lord - to seek the Lord for guidance, to stay on the true and humble path.”
colorless
almost slips out, but the hot sound of pleasure that escapes him is anything but protest, and John only nods instead. Naked on Sherlock’s lap, spread open and vulnerable, he’s already lost when Sherlock holds him and rocks up just right. The pleasure sparks bright in his belly, sparking in his head. His breath comes fast, fluttering in his chest; he’s panting as if all the excitement has built up hot inside of him and he doesn’t know how else to let it out. He’s so full - achingly, painfully, beauteously full - impaled on Sherlock’s cock as he clutches the arms of Sherlock’s chair for leverage, fucking himself, showing what he can do.
“I’ve been in these rooms for seven years. This is the first time you’ve ever commented,” John noted, with amusement.
“I thought you liked horror movies.”
Deep inside of him, and then, a sensation that flashed through John like lightning, like brightness and electricity and storm inside of him, making him shiver hard. And then again. Mewling sounds escaped him. Too much sensation to be embarrassed, couldn’t think with Sherlock’s fingers inside of him, couldn’t comprehend with Sherlock’s mouth upon him.
“We move around a lot,” Sherlock told him. “Never stay in one place for too long. I bet you’ve lived here your entire life, haven’t you?”
Some of the ladies were fanning themselves with gloved hands, looking like creamy ornate cakes gently wilting underneath the drooping flowers of their Sunday hats. Most of the men remained stoic and red-faced in their suit jackets and ties, although one would occasionally fan himself with his hat and say to his neighbor, “Whew! It sure is warm.”
He glanced down to John’s mouth, which had suddenly become desert-dry. John felt his voice lost to the badlands. His heart lost to - something.
Next to him Sherlock replied, “Why, I’m taking you home, of course.”
people that lived in it, and breathed in it, and touched it and thought their sluggish, stupid thoughts in it. It was all indescribably horrid, and he realised that that he had to spend the next seven years of his life locked up with morons.
“Okay,” he said, and then clicked his tongue. “Here, Rocky,” he called. “Come here, Rocky.”
“Oi, Prefect Lestrade!” Bill called, across the room. “Good eye! You could be a Quidditch talent scout. I mean, John’s like, freakishly small, he’ll be wonderful!”
“How did you get stuck?” John asked, watching Sherlock’s tail wave lazily from side to side, making smooth curves in the sand.
“Well, since you’re nice enough to let me borrow your
“-then he is big enough to endure a little mild discomfort,” she finished, nonplussed. Sherlock let out a hiss through his teeth that made John giggle a little; he was doing a rather good impression of a very angry teakettle.
In London, Sherlock says, in the morning the sun glints off the river like it's tipped with crystal.
“General abuse of ellipses,” Sherlock informs him.
(See the end of the chapter for
John did, and felt his heart quicken with the way Sherlock was running his wet fingers up and down the inside of his wrist gently. There was something special and exciting about the way Sherlock was looking at him, but John didn’t know what. He’d never gotten excited over just being looked at before.
Silence. A lonely, unanswering void.
, because his energy is kinetic.
“John!” Hazel immediately reached into the tub and yanked him out, dousing herself with a wave of still-warm water. Water spilled all over the bathroom floor, soaking into the rugs. He was completely limp in her arms. No matter how she shook him, he did not respond.
It was Sherlock’s turn to squeak, then. “
It was over in a moment. Sherlock pulled back, and nodded, as if satisfied with his work. John licked his wet lips and they tasted salty and coppery, of seawater and blood.
They climbed into the cab together, with a little struggle and some interesting choreography, because John had somehow forgotten how to work his limbs. As they sat down John lay his head back, closing his eyes.
How could he give it away? It didn’t belong to him, not anymore.
“I don’t
“Should I be worried that you’ve both thought about this?” John asked. He had not had much time to think about it himself, considering that he’d been recovering from his head injury and all, trivial things like that.
Being off balance like this left him breathless and dizzy, stripped of control and left dependent for stability. Then the old fighting instinct kicked in, to push Sherlock off and regain control, scold him for cheating
“Yeah,” says John. “Me too.”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, recoiling in disgust. “Is that a
(which John thought was only all right, despite the fact that he liked both Sinatra and Brando).
“Yes, and ghoulish stuff, mysteries, true crime stories and murders, yes, all of it,” John finished for him, hurriedly. He had to fight the urge to squirm with embarrassment.
“And the waving wheat can sure smell sweet, when the wind comes right behind the rain!”
“Well,
“Nothing explicit or intense,” Sherlock assured him. “I just need you to see yourself. Really see yourself.” He pointedly ran his eyes over John’s form, with a smirk for the tightness that was quickly developing in John’s jeans. “You’re extraordinary, John, and you still have no idea what you look like.”
John looked at him, this Head Boy who loomed over him, his uniform pressed and perfect. His robes were certainly the very expensive type. A golden ray of sunlight struck his Head Boy badge and reflected off of it, temporarily blinding John for a moment. He was a seventh year and the smartest, brightest boy in all the school, and he had the power to probably take away 100 House points if he wanted to. Probably.
In July of 1953 an arsonist started a wildfire in Mendocino National Park in California. It burned for over two days, destroying 1300 acres and claiming 15 lives. Fourteen volunteer firefighters and one Forest Service employee had been burned to death, trapped by the dense brush and the steep terrain.
its proper name.”
Because Sherlock? (Could it be Sherlock, really, Sherlock, suddenly, Sherlock?) - well, whoever it was, standing in front of him, Sherlock-clone or Sherlock’s long-lost-twin brother or not-Sherlock, what-have-you - there was no denying that he did look ridiculous.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, tugging at the sleeve of the other boy’s robe to get his attention. Sherlock had been looking around, completely captivated by his surroundings. John wanted to know what he thought. “Sherlock,” he whispered again, because Sherlock was so absorbed that he didn’t seem to register the fact that he was being called. John did not care for being so blatantly ignored and finally grabbed Sherlock’s arm, shaking him a little. “Sherlock!” Startled, he turned to John, “What, John, what is it?”
“They’re probably sick,” her father added.
“Look, I like you,” Victor says. “I like living here with you. I don’t want...Christ, can’t believe I have to say this at my age - I don’t want to fuck everything up because I can’t keep my hormones under control.”
fall curfew,” Sally complained loudly in homeroom Monday morning.
Her lungs felt like they were filling up with saltwater, brackish and dark. She gasped for air. She could not breathe. She was drowning with her head above water.
, Sherlock,” John gasped, and his insides were so
Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath. A cold, heavy weight settled into his stomach, the same sharp realisation he’d had when he had seen John’s expression the moment he had Sorted Slytherin. He’d known that look of instinctive fear, the flare of alarm in the unevolved sectors of primitive brains; reactions ranging from fear to repulsion to disgust. The unspoken
“Your robes come from Madame Malkin’s; standard issue, medium weight fabric, moderate pricing, made even more affordable by the fact that they are last season’s designs, leftover stock on sale for 50% off. If you had an older brother rather than a sister you’d be wearing secondhand robes. Your books are handed down from your sister. Your family isn’t wealthy. Comfortable, perhaps, but not enough to be able to afford you any luxury. I am certain you don’t get an allowance. Imagine what you could buy with the extra money, John. Wonders beyond your little Muggle-raised imagination.”
“Okay, no more looking,” John said quickly, pushing Sherlock away. He eyed him funnily. “Don’t you have one?” He looked down at Sherlock’s tail. Maybe he didn’t.
"Shh, don't carry on so," Sherlock shushes him, but is surprised when one of John's hands scrabbles for his. The way their fingers entwine, the way that John's small hand clutches at his, is nearly as fascinating as his fingers inside of John. He's never actually held John's hand before; John's palm against his, heated and damp with sweat, his fingers gripping tight, squeezing their knuckles together. He surrenders his hand over, their two hands clasped together, resting on the quivering flesh of John's stomach.
Never kissed in a bed before and they revel in the luxury of it, soft surface beneath them and Sherlock lets John strip him of his shirt the way he can tell he’s always wanted to, slow and careful. Not like Sherlock, who wants to rip and tear, who’s delicate with his violin and his experiments but not the things he really, truly owns. John doesn’t know. John runs his hands over Sherlock’s shoulders and over his chest like the whole of him is a marvel. With his touch he strips Sherlock of other things, slow and careful, and John doesn’t know.
"Come to think of it, I think it was both," Bill said contemplatively. "John has two mothers and one of them is a dwarf and the other one is a house elf."
He shoves at Victor. “Oi, get up, you’re heavier than you look.” His mouth tastes like the floor of a public toilet in a bordello.
John was making a valiant effort of it, despite the quiver of his thighs, muscles standing out in relief as he lifted himself up again. They would burn with exhaustion tomorrow, but for now he rocked himself with abandon, moving when Sherlock refused to, letting Sherlock’s cock rub in and out of him. His cheeks were bright but he made no attempt to deny how desperate he was. It would have been fruitless to hide that from Sherlock, anyway. It was fruitless to hide anything of himself from Sherlock, anymore.
All his wants, these simmering, shimmering feelings, brewing all this time, had now come to a boil. He was overflowing, and it must come pouring out.
“Ravenclaw,” said Sherlock as Aaron A. Ackerson took his seat.
The man has a razor-gaze, and just one look up and down is enough to make an incision line and make John want to spill his insides out. All that sin bubbling up inside of him, pouring out.
“It really wasn’t. I think you’ve greatly improved now.”
"That makes terrible sense," he said, awed and a little terrified, but mostly impressed, all at once.
“Sherlock...” John says.
"With?" Sherlock prompted.
“It’s been a scary, stressful night for all of us. But for you especially. I can’t even imagine it.” He kissed her forehead. “Look, here’s what we’ll do. Tomorrow I’ll go down to the hardware store and buy a bolt for the door and another lock for John’s room. We’ll make sure John never gets out again. Then you don’t have to worry anymore, all right?”
Finally Sherlock seemed to have found something not-horrible, because he snatched it up with a triumphant
“John!” Harry said, running up to him. “Were you in the cave? Oh my god! What were you doing playing in the cave? Oh, you will be in so much trouble when I tell Mummy.”
And Mycroft had forgotten the raw steak part of the punishment, which was the true stroke of genius.
“But you like reading about the mysteries, the unexplained. You're like me, John. Curious. Sometimes you can't sleep, and you lie in bed facing the window, don't you? You’ve heard the unexplained noises that happen in the night. You wonder what might be out there.”
“Wow, check out that cool cat,” Jeanette said, while they were seated in a booth at Pop’s Chocolate Shoppe on Main. “Look at him go. He must think he’s just the ginchiest.”
“You asked if I minded you playing violin and not talking. No, I don’t mind.”
“Bastard,” John says, shaking his head.
In the pure light of morning the previous night seemed to be just a dream.
“Sounds about right,” said Mike.
Not yet, not yet, was what John wanted to say. He couldn’t speak through the kisses but once again it was happening too fast, kicked into high gear: Sherlock’s hands all over him, stripping him of his clothes, undressing him, an unveiling that John could not see, only feel. Taking his clothes from him with ease.
a better blog photo, Sherlock! I don’t want any pictures at all!”
You prick, I should’ve known!”
They share a secret smile, hidden behind the fizz of Coke-or-maybe-whiskey.
Bill took a deep breath and let out an even deeper sigh. “Because while I may not agree with your life choices, I respect them and support you,” he said, flatly.
“Caring is not an advantage,” Mycroft said, very gently, as if Sherlock had spoken anyway.
“And I suppose that you
“I met someone.”
“Anyway, it’s probably good you don’t really hang around that creepy Sherlock Holmes kid,” Bill said. “I was worried when you wanted to go sit next to him in Potions, like maybe he’d cast a spell on you or something.”
In the movie, someone was being stalked. They didn’t know they were being stalked, but the audience knew, from the predatory eye of the camera and the rising intensity of the violins.
John shivers underneath his fingertips like touching a nerve exposed. His stomach is tight and concave when he sucks in a breath and holds it. He doesn’t flinch, doesn’t move away when Sherlock’s fingers curl tight and grip hard and hold him, holding onto him.
“If it’s after or if it gets dark then I’ll ask Clara’s dad for a ride, I know, I know,” Harry finished for him, rolling her eyes. “C’mon, I know the rules, but do
. You know, fame is wasted on you. Why not me? The Sheriff’s car was outside the
They were not coming, help was not coming, and she had lost him, she had lost her boy, all hope was lost...
“Do they?” John asked with great interest, trying to envision what the healing process could look like, people into tiny amphibious creatures and then back again.
Hazel started awake in the guest room, with great surprise. She had been woken by the first early rays of sun, for it was morning. She had slept the whole night through.
“I don’t
His was the only high school in town. Unless Sherlock went to school in the next town over, or unless he was a bit older than he looked, as a matter of fact... “Do you go to school?” John asked, suddenly unsure.
John’s room is a fortress of innocence; palatial really, the way he’s constructed it for himself with his walls of summer-sky and movie posters, escapist windows into other worlds where he loses himself for a little while. Sherlock knows all about losing himself; in John’s skin and in his flesh, in the sound of John’s voice panting in his ear, those needy little sounds of desperation when Sherlock teasingly palms his cock. John’s skin is soft with youth but he doesn’t bruise easy, no, made of hardier stuff than that - and Sherlock knows with exacting sureness at what pressure he bruises - he’d taken it upon himself to personally acquire that most important bit of knowledge. John’s body like parchment inviting the bruising, mark him here, there, make sure he’s yours. Make it
it was inside   his  head - Saliva filled his mouth. The taste of blood filled his mouth. Fluttering terror of a trapped animal; in his body this invasion, impaling, savage movements, ruined, he was being ruined and
He won’t call it love. It’s not that. John is no fool.
of the last bell sounded out like an alarm clock, the halls suddenly filled with clamoring students, metal lockers clanging, everyone fighting to get their books, their bags, running out to catch their buses.
“Look, do you even know any Slytherins, or is this just from the stories you’ve heard?” John asked him. “Maybe, if you tried, you’d...oh, I don’t know, make friends?”
to peer at John curiously when he entered, and then, after giving him a sort of up-and-down, closed its eyes again.
“Since this is your first offence, your punishment is Detention and a deduction of sixty House points. This is an unusual case of in-House fighting, really, and I am most disappointed in both of you. We do not hurt other students, no matter the House. But if Gryffindor loses the House Cup this year, you two would only have yourselves to blame,” Professor Hudson said. “As for you, Mr. Powers, you will be serving Detention as well, and, as much as it pains me, that will be a deduction of another sixty House points from you. And another twenty for lying to a professor.”
The look in Sherlock’s eyes was glittering, triumphant. John’s skin flushed all over, he could feel the hot rush of blood throughout his body, arteries to veins to capillaries, hear each pulse of own pounding heart. He was barely breathing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I need to hear all about your cases, all of them,” Victor says. He’s leaning in over his empty cup of coffee, dark eyes fixed on John’s face.
“That
"Sherlock," John says, voice desperate, full of sex and as much begging as it is cruel and teasing, "Make me come."
“You know, you’re not much good at this,” Sherlock said, eyeing the way that John was currently strangling a Bubotuber.
“What are you doing?!” Sherlock sidestepped as John launched out of his chair at him. “Give me that!”
It’s all wrong. He’s not as tall as Sherlock, only almost. His ink-black hair is silky and straight.
“Don’t,” said Sherlock sternly, grabbing his wrist and pulling it away, pinned it down to the bed. His grip was iron. John tried to tug at it and found that his sham of a struggle was useless, and what was worse, that only excited him more.
*points at E rating*
“Wait, which is it?” asked Mike. “A head injury or an evil spell?”
“Oh, yes, yes, three continents, spare us the gory details,” Sherlock countered impatiently. “All your previous encounters have been with women. When it comes to men, you are woefully...lost.” His hands inched up further on John’s thighs, stroking the crease of them now. One hand slid up, fingers sliding along the border of John’s jeans. John could feel Sherlock’s fingertips dancing over the thin material of his shirt, underneath his jumper. He could feel Sherlock’s body heat seeping through, all the places they were pressed together.
Moves back against Sherlock, out of instinct and animal hunger. He’s a teenager and this is sex, this is everything, touching and kissing and friction until he feels like he wants to crawl out of his skin with wanting.
John never had to do anything alone. There was always Mike and Bill and sometimes Sarah even though she was a girl. He was getting to know some of the other people in his house, too, like Greg, who always smiled at him. He always had someone to save him a seat somewhere.
“We’ll spread the dittany over the dressing, like so. And then apply the dressing directly to the wound, and hold it, applying pressure, until the wound closes. If it bleeds through, do not remove the dressing, but instead put another dressing on top of it. Do you understand?”
Sherlock wants to know if he’s ever even seen the ocean.
“You can put your bike in the trunk,” Sherlock said.
"Not bad," John allowed, leaning in even closer. His breath was hot, heady and alcoholic against Sherlock’s cheek. "Sherlock Holmes, I am going to drink you  down. I mean, I am going to take you under the table."
. Hazel awoke in the darkness at exactly half past midnight. She’d only just fallen asleep, less than an hour ago. The house was still, occasionally creaking its old familiar sounds, and Mr. Watson was asleep beside her, occasionally making his old familiar sounds.
Mike hummed the Imperial March not-so-subtly.
“Don’t be silly,” said John. “Where else could I be?” The words sounded hollow and blank in his own ears.
"I thought you'd never ask," John says with a smile instead, and that’s when Sherlock sees that when Clara laughs she leans into Harriet, and their hands and skirts gently brush together.
From the waist down, he was covered in sand.
“BUH!” Mike started, sputtering. “No, I don’t wanna do cartwheels in the jam! It wasn’t me!”
“Well, you get the picture,” Bill finished quickly. “And again I don’t have to like it, but it would make me feel much better if you would wear this.”
“You can make a whole pod of whales.”
“These are the seeds of seduction planted by Satan, we must tear it out by the root-”
"Let's drop the lingo for now," Sherlock says, flush of irritation in his voice. And John, he actually giggles, Sherlock's finger inside of him and his legs pinned and spread, naked in the backseat of Sherlock's hot rod with his erection stiff against his soft little belly. Sherlock stares at him, shocked. Never laughed during sex before; sex always a rushed affair of hormones and need, down-and-dirty physical act to get off and then quickly cut out. And here John is, spread out before him and laughing, and it’s so weird that it makes Sherlock want to kiss him, want to touch him, to fuck him still. It’s so ridiculous that Sherlock laughs as well.
“The whole House
Sherlock shook himself off like a dog, splattering John with great big drops of seawater. John giggled, holding his hands up to try and shield himself from the sudden unexpected shower.
They’re apart in an instant, a good four feet of empty space and guilt between them by the time Mrs. Watson finds them.
” Sherlock whispered to himself, slightly in awe.
It made him feel used - no longer a boy but rather a vessel, insides pounded into pliant pink softness. Wet hole for the taking. (
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, abruptly losing all interest in the conversation. He was especially uninterested in any conversations where John stopped doing interesting things with his mouth and wanted to do
"Come on," says John, cocking his head to the side. "Let's blow this pop stand."
“I know,” said Sherlock. “It’s horrible. It’s been thirty-seven years since the last good murder.”
“Okay,” John says, “Now I have to tell you the story about about the clown suit.”
He went around to the side of the house, guarded by neatly-clipped hedges. He found Sherlock’s window. Well, he was fairly certain it was Sherlock’s, and not Mycroft’s. He picked up a small pebble, and threw it. His aim was slightly off; it ricocheted like a stray bullet off the vinyl siding.  John concentrated on the next one, and wished with all his might that it would maybe break the window and perhaps hit Sherlock on the noggin. The pebble struck square in the middle of the glass.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I
,” muttered Sherlock.
“Yes,” said Jeanette. “Those are poodles.  Officially, per the Sears catalogue: Poodles Frolicking on Shiny Textured Light Tan with Atomic Harlequin Diamonds.”
“Then an extra tart for the big fat owl with the sweet beak,” John said, handing Sherlock two tarts. Sherlock laughed at his stupid joke, and John felt like he’d just scored a goal in rugby.
“I worry about him,” the Head Boy said. “Constantly.”
He sinks into the comfort of his own bed, weighted down by the heaviness of things that he doesn’t know. The sense of home envelopes him, and sleep takes over before long.
“I...I don’t know how to say this,” John began. He couldn’t find the words. His head was swimming; it was all happening too quickly and he didn’t know
He could feel himself sweating under the stiff, starchy collar of his white shirt as they entered the building; partly because Momma had fixed his tie too tight and mostly because he rather thought he might burn up in the House of God. As soon as he stepped upon that crimson carpet he might light up, like a beacon, so that all would know his sin, or perhaps the priest would see the workings of the Devil in him, and seek to cast it out.
“He never mentioned you,” John says. He regrets it the instant that the words flit out. “I mean--”
“H-hey Sherlock!” John greeted, waving. Bill and Mike shrank back, crowding closer to the wall.
“She was just posturing. It’s merely an empty threat meant to keep you in line,” Sherlock said blandly, as he pressed the dressing to John’s wound. It tingled faintly over his skin and, oddly, inside.  “Besides, even if it were real,” Sherlock continued, “Mycroft would never let it happen.”
in no particular order.
By the time John says, “Wait, where are you--” Sherlock has already shut the door behind him, and John has no choice but to follow.
“You might fool most people with that good boy act, John, but then, I'm not most people.”  Light and then shadow passed over Sherlock’s face as they drove, shifting his features, one moment a movie star, the next a phantom. Something dark and unknown. Light. Shadow.
John tilted his head and regarded him curiously. “How do you know so much? Do you really have evil powers?”
it’s affecting your life too. Look, you seem like a nice, normal boy, and I know what they say about you isn’t true. Most of it’s just because you’re associating yourself with Sherlock Holmes. If you stopped hanging around him, everybody would forget about all of this and your life would return to normal. You could be normal. Popular, even.”
Oftentimes it’s smoke inhalation and asphyxiation that kills a person before the flames. But not always.
“You’re scaring me, Hazel.”
Two drinks later, John was not dancing on the bar. Perhaps if he could have gotten up he might have. At the moment he was rather precariously balanced, swaying a little, as if to the horrid bar music. A young lady approached, doubtless to ask John to buy her a drink, and if Sherlock slipped an arm around John’s waist, it was only to keep him from falling off the stool.
,” said Mike, which was about as threatening as John had ever heard that little syllable.
She had gotten solidly reprimanded for that, of course. There was nothing wrong with being a Muggle, as their father was, and so were most of their friends. John admired his father very much, who was a strong, brave man, and very smart besides, and in any other instance, he would have been proud to be compared to Dad. In this instance, however, Harry drove him to near tears.
,” Carl said as he immediately drew his wand. This spurred, very predictably, a quick draw of wands from all around - John and Sherlock, of course, but also Bill and Mike, as well as Anderson and the Ravenclaw boy named Wilkes.
Sherlock prompts him, "Please what?" and John only shakes his head, as if he doesn't know. Pretty little portrait of debauched innocence, erection hot and hard in Sherlock's hand, leaking wet against Sherlock's tongue, his cheeks flushed pink and legs trying to spread wide.
John looks at him, freshly-showered, sitting there in his grey shirt and comfortable pyjama bottoms, stylish hair ruffled, doing his work next to Sherlock’s disturbed experiment. In the background, Cat Stevens sings about the first cut being the deepest.
I want to grab your hips and pull you down onto my cock and take you slowly, with your legs wrapped around my waist, until you’re a squirming, sweating mess inventing entire new ranges of sexual sounds with which to express your pleasure and need.”
All at once, he let John go and pulled back.
John wakes up, and is unsure that he has woken up at all. He’s back in his room, he’s back home, and it’s all so normal and right. It’s the day of the trial again, right before it all started. In a few minutes, Sherlock is going to come into his room, complaining loudly about having to wear a tie. He’s going to rummage through John’s closet, questioning (insulting) his sartorial choices, and refuse to be seen with him if he matches
Sherlock didn’t even miss a beat. "And now you should put fresh dittany on it," he insisted. It was clear that there was no approval for what Madam Pomfrey had done; if anything, she should have done it fifteen minutes ago. "It won't hurt as much."
She brushes up against John as she passes him, as if she means to smear him with her Chanel no. 5. “Three States Watson,” she says, teasingly, her eyes on a fading bruise at his throat.
while reading. It sets the mood.
“I didn’t say
A power outage? No, no….Sherlock must have reached over and turned out the lights. He must have.
“Whatever it is, I want nothing to do with it,” Bill said, ducking behind John as Sherlock approached.
If Sherlock had the power, he would have frozen that moment in time and kept it forever.
It was definitely past curfew by now.
“Of course,” said Hazel. “Thank you, Doctor.”
That was when she became frosted, furious.
“Why, that’s an albatross,” said Tom.
Sherlock slapped John's arse just to hear the sound of the sharp smack of his palm meeting flesh and John whimpered in the back of his throat, sucking at Sherlock's tongue. His fingers tightened, tangled in Sherlock's curls and tugging in his need, which made Sherlock grip his arse in both hands and squeeze.
There was  a sudden growl of an engine rumbling to life. John froze. It came from somewhere down the street, he thought, hidden in the void between the streetlamps. He hadn’t even registered that there was a car there. Who could possibly be in it? The roads had been empty since the sun had set. Everybody was meant to be at home. The gasoline fumes of the engine wafted through the air, mixing in with the scent of damp earth and fallen leaves,  that wood-burning smell of autumn.  The tires crunched up gravel as it approached. Two yellow beams pierced through the darkness, as the car rolled towards him, with its glowing golden eyes.
The good Reverend continued: “The Lord gave us the Ten Commandments so that we would know how to best live our lives. Young ones, listen to me: Honor thy father and mother.  Rules exist for a reason. Rules keep us safe. Curfew keeps us safe.
With his other hand Sherlock reached down and rubbed John through his white briefs, watching first John’s face (the sharp intake of breath, the way blue eyes darkened to almost-black, teeth catching at his lip ) and then his own hand, forming the shape of John’s erection through the thin material. John didn’t want to look and then he did. The sight of it was obscene, Sherlock’s long fingers splayed against him, touching him so knowingly, intimately, how his underwear so obviously tented. It made John’s face flame. Made him want  to take off his glasses so that he wouldn’t have to see it in such sharp acuity.
“Particularly not the type so vicious where both parties end up in the Infirmary,” Professor Hudson finished, levelling onto John a look so disappointed that he sunk down even further into his already sinky cushioned seat.
“Get out,” Jeanette said, buttoning up her blouse rapidly. “Get out of my house and get out of my life. I never want to see you again.” She missed a button but John kept his trap shut about it.
“John,” Victor says, hand on his elbow. “John.” There are hands on his arms. “Do you need some air?”
“Sherlock!” Mycroft cut him off sharply. “Are you attempting to blackmail me?”
and all so very
Molly lowered her voice. “The disappearances. You’ve heard of them.”
After a few seconds of that hangdog expression, Sherlock took pity. He set the camera down on his chest of drawers, stepped forward to drop to his knees between John’s legs, and pulled him down into a slow, sensuous kiss.
Madam Pomfrey continued on, “The concussion we cannot do much for, medically, except for bedrest and perhaps a potion that will soothe the worst of it. I’ll be back to check on you in a little over an hour, Mr Watson. In the meantime, make sure you keep an eye on
He dropped a kiss on the line of Sherlock’s jaw.
Also, please look at this amazing art by p-chi!!
There were no obvious problems until he saw Sherlock at the roller rink. And then he recognized his car at the drive in. And again at the ice cream parlor.
I do,” John was quick to reassure. He reached for her hand again but this time she did not give it to him.
“Seconded,” said Mike.
“Then you have a whole year to learn and practise,” Greg said, and smiled at him. “Everybody’s built differently. People are all built for different things. I think you’d be very quick and agile out on the field. So do me and, really, our whole team a favour and practise flying, all right?”
“I mean, I’ll go with you, if you want,” Victor corrects himself. “I’ve actually been meaning to ask you if I could see it.” He cocks his head. “If that’s all right.”
The moon - as seen through tinted windows - was heavy and full, low in the sky and closer than John had ever seen it.
Sherlock’s head snaps up and he meets John’s smile. John kisses his nose.
He was struck by how big Sherlock’s room was, how beautiful his house was. And it
John tucks the picture away into his journal for safekeeping. Nearby, two kids are manning a stand that is already taking advantage of the gullibility of tourists.
to hide. He had, in fact, almost no photographic documentation of his existence at all. He had an obligatory picture on his hospital ID, a few paparazzi shots in the papers (all of them underneath some painfully forced-reference headline), and grand total of two (2) photos of himself on his blog.
"Your cock," John said, "Give me your cock."
His breath like autumn, that voice so low and close as if the words were coming from inside John’s head,  “You want me, even if you haven’t the words for it.  The way I make you feel.”
the look in his eyes reptilian, unblinking, there was-
That insidious whisper, Sherlock’s tightening embrace, the words blooming inside John’s brain, “You’ve wanted this for a long time - right from the very first moment we met. You didn’t know it, but I could always see it in you,  from the very start. You simply didn’t know how to ask. You were meant for this. For me. This is inevitable.”
, glanced up to find John looking at him. John had previously been looking at the telly. He was mindlessly fixated upon some crime drama about a fairly competent DCI named Luther, who actually managed to solve his cases on his own. It was such an obvious fiction that it was painful. John was likely going to complain about the violin interfering with his vapid telly programme, and so Sherlock played with even greater determination. He had warned John about his worst habits, after all.
Sherlock all of thirteen when this story was in the papers, clipping out the pictures of black smoke printed out in flat ink in shades of gray. There was one picture in particular that was quite popular, of an innocuous Shell station, sitting in the bright July sun, while smoke billowed and filled the background. No actual photographs of the fire itself. Sherlock had guessed arson as opposed to natural means, that summer not particularly dry and they had reported a smaller fire extinguished prior to this one. “Death in Grindstone Canyon” read the article in
“And then he goes, ‘That’s not
John thought of the cave filling up with water, all the way up, like the tub when Mummy drew a bath for him. He took in a quick, deep breath.
“But can you imagine! Just for breaking curfew! The sun was still up when he left my house, I swear.”
and it was an
He shot a coyote once, he tells Sherlock, and Sherlock tells him the rest.
It’s horrifying. John looks filthy and debauched, Sherlock’s cock still inside of him, Sherlock’s semen leaking out of him; he’s lost his virginity in the backseat of a car, he’s all used up, and he’s smiling and flushed and happy and perfect.
“Here,” Sherlock said, drawing a line with one finger across John’s chest, below his collarbone, above his nipples. “That’s where your blush stops.” He bent and pressed a kiss to the invisible line he had drawn. “That’s why I’m dressed. It makes you completely out of control.”
John spends the rest of their time in Cawker City convincing Sherlock that
“Ohhhhh,
What was wrong with him? Was there somebody else? And what did he mean by stringing her along all this time? These were questions that he knew the answers to, but he could not tell her.
for stupid people, but it weren’t as if stupidity was designated to one House in particular. (Although it would be so much easier if it were. Then people would at least know which one ought to be razed to the ground.)
"I was going to say phlegmatic, but yes,” said Sherlock. “That too."
“You didn’t move it, did you?” Sherlock asked, anxiously.
He repeated the second movement of Bach’s Concerto in G minor twice. Then he lifted his bow cautiously from the strings and watched his flatmate for a minute.
Sherlock was very good at this task. John suspected he was good at most tasks. He had filled five stoppered bottles full of thick yellow-green goo already, in comparison to John’s one-and-barely-a-half.
John was, obviously, dreaming.
“Have you found what you’ve been looking for?” asked Sherlock.
“It’s not all bad,” John says, cheerily. “Look, there are cows.”
“When did you first start liking me?” John wanted to know.
Sherlock does not plan to live to see 40. Hell, he might even die before he’s 30.
“An interested party,” the Head Boy replied, which told John a grand total of absolutely nothing.
“Sherlock’s not really that tall,” John pointed out.
“Yes,” said Bill, “But how do you know that it was, in fact, an empty room?” He lowered his voice down to the level of a whisper. “Sherlock might still be here, only
He managed to pull off a fair imitation of humble for long enough to get Madam Pomfrey to allow him into the Infirmary, although he was warned not to disturb John, who was sleeping as the potion worked its magic. She needn’t have worried. Sherlock had never been given an opportunity to watch anybody sleep before (and indeed, he’d never had an inclination to) and now he wasn’t going to ruin it for the world.
John’s huff was a little breathless. “Fine. Fine, but if you ever show it to anybody else, I’ll tell Mrs Hudson what
“What?”
John considered this. He really didn’t see what was the big kerfuffle over kissing girls anyway, most of the ones he’d met he would never ever want to kiss, not in a million years. And if any of them were like Harry, he
Full of cruel things
“Are you going to sit and let me take a picture of you?” Sherlock asked, peering down at him through the lens of the camera, which stared at John like a giant bug’s eye.
a coincidence,” John muttered to himself as he scanned the street. No, that didn’t sound suspicious in the least.
John goes pink when Sherlock picks up the pictures and glares at them. Sherlock knows that look; usually he’s the one causing it.
“I think he’s trying to decide whether or not we’ll put up a fight if he chucks us out on the street for sitting for four hours nursing £3 coffees.”
and placed the 45 on the record player.
John didn’t even hesitate for a moment. He ran out to help, of course, gathering up the papers and the books and quills that seemed to have spread out in a 5 meter radius.
He was on a wild cool streak.
“Must have been some kiss,” Sherlock observed.
of each word, and then tug John's mouth towards his again, hands running over his back, rubbing down to cup and squeeze the curve of his ass.
“Dubious,” said Sherlock, but he looked vaguely pleased at the thought. Well, at least John thought he looked pleased. He wasn’t frowning or looking sullen or anything like that. He looked at John in that odd, unsettling way he had, and his lips quirked just a tiny bit.
,” even though it wasn’t the least bit true, Sherlock rather thought that his life choices were not half bad.
“Sherlock,” John said warmly, his voice low, almost cooing in his throat. Suddenly Sherlock was very aware of John pressed up against him, clinging to him with both hands, fingers curled into his coat, and the intense warmth of their bodies pressed together, the heat of him, soaking through their clothes. He could see the reflection of the streetlights in his eyes, shining and midnight blue  in the low light, the colour of the sky above them; his pupils were dilated, his cheeks flushed bright. The beloved lines of his face, the gentle little wrinkle of his nose and brow with confusion, and the parting of his lips as he sucked in a sharp breath. Their faces were very close together, and Sherlock could feel the hot alcoholic-tinged steam of his breath, of both their breaths, in a shared soft cloud between them-
,“you’re allowed to keep these.”
“John,” she sobbed, “
“He needed me, and I left. He had a problem and I was 21 and helpless and tired and terrified, so I up and abandoned him when he needed me most.”
“Neither do you.”
He had been bamboozled, he supposed, by the sophisticated magic that was woven into the castle infrastructure. The protection wards surrounding Hogwarts, the wards that prevented Apparition; they were beautiful, intricate spells put into place eons ago, that had stood the test of both time and Darkness. But then there were the more simple things that fascinated him as well - the moving staircases, the enchantments on the ceiling of the Great Hall, even the floating candles were all dependent upon complex spells that took years of study to perfect.
“And it’s not like you’re going to be able to make people
“Then I don't see the problem,” said Sherlock, and kissed John again as if only to prove that he could. It was easy, then, to forget protests, to give up those words of
),   only a shadow. Sherlock was making senseless noises of comfort but inside his body John felt raw, oversensitive, Sherlock’s hands upon him, gripping into him as he drove himself deeper, that scorching fullness inside of him that forced out soft small sounds of protest.
“Have you ever thought about what would happen to you, if you lived your life following the path that’s been laid out for you?” Sherlock continued. “Blindly following someone else’s rules?”
“C’mon slowpoke, I’m not waiting for you!” Harry called, from outside the front door.
“Um, excuse me,” John said, for this figure was standing directly in his path.
“You know as well as I do,” said Sherlock, “that there’s a part of you that wants something more than that.” His moonstone eyes burned with intensity, and John was caught by them, unable to look away.
class. It’s not
“The best time of my life,” John replies, and is surprised at how easily the answer comes to him, and how true it is.
As always,
“Don’t need to pout,” John says, voice warm even as he stubs out the cigarette against a ceramic pencil holder; he does it carefully, the way he does everything.
John breaks out into laughter and Sherlock threatens to kill him for getting something so inane and terrible stuck in his head. When John doesn’t stop laughing, unwaveringly brave in the face of such serious threats upon his life, Sherlock proceeds to go into graphic detail about just how he would go about killing John Watson. It’d be poison, of course, John always accepts food and drink from him without question, and he could drug John so easily, slip him chemicals and compounds without his ever noticing, he could miss an entire Wednesday without even knowing about it, and Sherlock could just do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. John stops laughing, and Sherlock stops talking when he notices that John’s gone all wide-eyed and slightly breathless, and then he has to pull over so that he can put his hands all over John and kiss him in between accusations of “you awful pervert” while John counters with kisses and protests of, “No way, you’re the sicko, you sicko.”
"What?" Sherlock snapped. John shot him a warning glare.
"Shabnam, calm down. Honestly, you did a good job. Far better than
"There's no way surely..." John muttered to himself.
"We're Muslim, so we can't have any of the meat stuff unless it's halaal sorry." Sohail said before stuffing almost a whole slice of pizza in his mouth, he was starving. Shabnam started eating as well, but much more reservedly.
"Oh yes, he's right upstairs. SHERLOCK SOMEONE TO SEE YOU!" The twins flinched slightly at the unexpected loudness, but were amused by her behaviour. The girl looked encouragingly at the boy and led the way upstairs. John opened the door before they had the chance to knock and looked at the twins.
Ugh this really couldn't have gone worse." Sohail chuckled at his sister before standing up and wrapping his arms around her in a hug.
"Yes well I do and this is just as much my home as it is yours." Sherlock glared at John before relenting and going to his room determined to avoid the children. John sighed rubbing a hand over his face. He tried to think what the twins would like to eat and decided it would be best to order pizza.
"Not even your own?" she asked, immediately covering her mouth with her hand and turning to look at her twin brother who was glaring at her. This was not how they had planned this going. They had wanted to sit Sherlock down and explain everything calmly.
"Diogenes Club." Sherlock said to the cab driver, completely ignoring John.
"The blog guy?" she questioned. Sohail nodded as they got up and walked to the table.
In front of Mrs Hudson stood two teenagers; a boy and a girl. They looked rather similar, but then again they
did, I just stood there. Now come sit down I wanna nap."
"What? This is not a laughing matter Sohail, I really fucked it up." The girl said as Sohail flopped down onto the couch.
"Sherlock you can't honestly be going to see Mycroft. We have a situation to deal with here. Sherlock? You can't just ignore me. God you're so infuriating." John gave up and sat silently for the rest of a drive in a huff.
"You always know these things Mycroft." Sherlock snapped.
The teens were napping on the couch when Sherlock barged in, Sohail's head resting on his sisters shoulder. Sherlock was about to shout at them to wake up when John pulled him back and looked at him angrily. They had argued for the whole cab ride. Sherlock continued to insist the children were not his and though John could recognise that it was just the shock talking his vehement denial was getting frustrating. Sherlock wanted the teens out of his home and out of his life. John on the other hand disagreed, even if the children weren't his they had obviously sought him out for a reason and to abandon them would be morally questionable.
"Sherlock Homes?" asked the boy. John gestured violently towards the kitchen. The teens drank in their surroundings, trying to imprint every detail into their memory. They stopped as their eyes fell onto the man they had been searching for.
"Erm... Hi we're looking for Sherlock Holmes, does he happen to be in?" asked the girl as she fiddled with the sleeves of her baggy jumper.
"Your genius astounds me brother." John looked between the two in confusion.
"I'm sorry but what's going on? What exactly are those papers?" Sherlock huffed in annoyance and shot John a look that screamed "god you're such an idiot".
"Sherlock! Sherlock wait!" Sherlock didn't seem to notice John's shouting as he got into the cab. John rushed into the cab behind him slightly out of breath. "Where are you going? You can't just leave them in there."
"So were you." she interjected
"We cannot
Shabnam woke to someone nudging her awake and for a moment she forget everything that had happened. But as she looked around at her unfamiliar surroundings she started to tear up, Sohail noticed this and hugged his sister tightly. "It's alright," he whispered, "John's got pizza." He looked at her with a smile and she couldn't help but laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation. But Sohail was right even of everything had gone to shit eating something would help a little.
"Hello Mr Holmes, we were wondering if we could talk to you in private about something personal." Sherlock glanced at the boy and went back to the microwave to fiddle with the settings.
"How could you not tell me?" Sherlock almost screamed, the anger in his eyes focused solely on his brother and his betrayal.
"I said no, now go away. I don't deal with children."
"Yes?" John asked, trying hard not to shout at the twins who had just interrupted an argument about whether or not Sherlock should be allowed to 'toast' eyeballs in the microwave.
"I have no idea..." John was in shock, he stared at the children, finally seeing the striking resemblance. As a result of their mother being Indian their skin was dark, but the girls face seemed almost identical. Despite the boy looking drastically different from his sister his lanky body was typically Sherlock. John went to chase after Sherlock suddenly realising the inner turmoil his friend must be facing. "Stay here" he said offhandedly to the teens as he sped after him.
"Sherlock leave them to sleep," John angrily whispered, "look it's late they're bound to be starving, they'll stay for dinner."
The morning that followed Sherlock agreeing to take the case was fairly standard, as far as days with Sherlock went. John, unsure how long his day was going to be, cleared off the glass covered countertop, and forced a cup of tea and a piece of toast into his flatmate's hand. Sherlock, who had woken a few hours before him, had resumed jotting down notes about the crime scenes and possible connections between the victims, and was almost finished the process of transcribing his notes into his phone.
Mycroft was unsure whether he screamed aloud, or whether the screams were only in his mind. Regardless, the other man – creature – seemed to hear it.
“John?”
“Why the hell was I just attacked by four newborn vampires and their caretaker?” He began walking forward, picking up his knives and glancing from left to right while he gestured for the men to follow him,  as he continued speaking. “And you refer anything like that to me. That was the agreement. I'm sure there's someone in the network who knows what's going on.” He paused as the person on the other line spoke, and began to cross the quiet street. “When you know, call me back. I'll be over tomorrow.” He ended the call and put the phone back in his pocket, turning his wrist gingerly and grimacing as he looked down at it.
Sherlock shrugged. “Can’t be worse than watching you eat pizza.”
“A gesture of good faith,” he added, analyzing Greg and Molly in turn. Slowly, he walked over to a large, broken marble slab that seemed to have once belonged to a tomb. He ran his hand across the engraving – ‘DRACULA.’ He wondered, briefly, who had found it and brought it here; he himself had never had any luck finding it in the Carpathians. It made no matter – it was only a relic, a long-forgotten piece of rock.
“Hi Molly, we’re all here,” he said, putting the phone down in the middle of the table.
“I haven't even started the autopsy on this one!” she said, walking towards the table, which Sherlock had just hopped off of.
“Arturo,” John said, pointing at him as he spoke to Sherlock. “One of the vampires who signed up for the Corps in its earliest days.”
Obediently, Sherlock sat on the edge and waited for John manoeuvre himself beside him, his body twisted to face Sherlock. Sherlock exposed his neck once more, his hands lightly balled on his legs, but growing more tense by the moment.
“There's hardly a mark on your neck,” he elaborated.
“Thorough,”John said. “What did they wind up putting in the coffin?”
“Moons,” the vampire said, laughing maniacally and throwing his head back, snapping his head down to look at John with bloodshot eyes. “You have no idea yet, do you? No idea what's coming for you,” he said, and continued to laugh.
“Well, strictly speaking…” John said, “Yes.”
“All right,” John said, nodding. He glanced around awkwardly and moved towards his bag. “A quick change of clothes and we can go.”
“No,” he said, softly, speaking more seriously than he had all evening. “Blood of the King.”
He ignored what he was almost positive was Sherlock giving a snort and muttering, “yes, mother.”
Before John could speak, Sherlock interrupted. “If we're under attack by vampires, we have until dusk to collect ourselves and plan our strategy for retaliation.”He put a hand behind his head as he leaned back on his chair, and waved with the other hand, adding, “or so I imagine.”
“Why? Why?” John asked, stalking forward, more insistent on receiving answers than racing back to start putting out the flames of the burning compound. “Jesus, Sebastian, you were my brother. Why would you do this?”
Something in Mycroft's expression changed, and for a second his defences fell. “My brother is not to be involved in this.”
“I’m sure you’ll be fine,” John said, trying to be reassuring. “No one has any idea you’re here.”
mystery, and his alone to figure out. It didn't help that John felt a growing sense of guilt about knowing who the murderer was, although whenever that thought came into his mind, he pushed it away. He hoped that the longer he ignored what he had seen the night prior the less real it would become.
John held up a small wax cylinder. “I landed on a candle, too. Today is not my day.” John pulled out his own light and directed at the walls. As best as the pair could make out, it seemed as though the barn was more or less square, with a small loft and two ladders in its far right corner. Various instruments littered the wet ground, though none that offered any obvious explanations as to why the vampire in the club would have the barn’s coordinates written down.
“No luck,” Molly answered. “Unless we’re searching for werewolves, which I’ve been readily assured do not exist. Or witches, apparently they’re big on moons, too. How are we feeling about witches, John? Do they exist?”
Sherlock sat on the edge of one of the armchairs and pondered. “It’s just out of reach.”
“It would have been
Sherlock glanced up finally, looked him over, then answered, waving the question away with his hand. “Another murder, a few hours ago.”
“I would be more forgiving if you would allow me five minutes in -”
Hoping and assuming Sherlock wouldn't expect any more information, he moved on to a different topic. “What are you doing with the blood anyways?”
John snorted, his face briefly breaking into a smile. “Yeah, she was that. You two would have loved her. She was all danger, and joy, and everything that I thought I could never have in my life.” John’s smile softened as he reminisced, then he pressed on.
John shrugged. “Er, in a sense.” He didn’t expand. “Anything on that army group Jane mentioned?”
“Fair enough.” Sherlock stood and walked back towards the kitchen quickly, a bit annoyed, but aware that sunset was fast approaching.
John, one eye on the door, started leading the pair away. Once they were a safe distance away from the vaults, he resumed speaking. “It’s probably for the best that we didn’t go in,” he admitted, finally coming to terms with what he’d seen.
Jonathan looked up, as though surprised John could speak. “Yes. Well over a hundred years ago, now - I drank from the oldest, the most powerful vampires. Brought myself to death and buried myself. Then I destroyed them. Established my dominance over them.” He walked around the side of the desk, and walked towards John. The power that came off him was palpable.
John did not imagine, for even a moment, that this was an accident. Not only was locking the gate a five-step procedure, in the event of a blackout the gate would become impossible to open. For the gate to be open, now, meant that a human with the correct rank would have had to unlock the gate in anticipation of the power outage. John gazed at the gate, and as the most obvious conclusion reached him, he felt as though the ground was rapidly disappearing from beneath his feet.
Sherlock's grin disappeared, and was replaced by a look of indignation. "That was a joke."
John hesitated, and Sherlock added, “I do not fully understand vampire culture yet. I know the words, but not how to speak them – the rules of the game, as it were, for being undead. Help me understand.” John noted that moment as one of he few times Sherlock had ever admitted to needing help.
John was impressed, then his brow furrowed. “Wait a minute, you’ve planned ahead. How have you planned ahead? I didn’t know we were getting here.” Sherlock looked at him knowingly, eyebrow raised, and leaned forward to press a kiss to his jawbone.
“Not a vampire,” Sherlock noted quietly, looking over his other shoulder at John.
John recognized only moments of consciousness among the blackness that otherwise overwhelmed him. He felt himself walking towards the edge of the roof, then, seemingly instantly, he felt himself putting a vampire in the sights of his rifle. After the first shot hit its target, John heard distant cheers from his men. After the fifth, John didn’t hear or feel anything beyond the sound of himself shifting position on the roof, taking aim at one of the invaders on the ground, and firing. When he ran out of rounds, John dropped the rifle absently and walked back down the stairs.
John grinned, for the first time in the long trip. “Not even close.” He recalled that being the very first question he asked after he was found, following the massacre. Even then, he had known the answer before he had been told. “All that trouble, and not one person got to the lowest level of the vaults.”
“A murderer,” John returned.
“Has anything turned up? With the moon phases, maybe?” John asked.
“Captain,” she replied, mirroring his stance and shaking his hand. “Gentlemen,” she said, adding, “and lady,” with a wink as she looked at Molly.
“No,” Greg said, sounding as offended as he could manage, given the circumstances. “It’s mostly” - a brief coughing fit - “desk work.”
Molly made a noise that the group assumed was a laugh, then said, “Oh, fine. Researching, as directed.”
John glanced at the paper, then back up at Jane. “What is this?”
“The very same. I knew you weren't down there, obviously, in the ground – I would have known.”
"Vampires," he said, grinning, leaning towards John. A heavy silence filled the room.
“Fine,” Sherlock said.
“It's six o'clock,” Sherlock murmured, glancing at his phone. He held it out to John, who shook his head.
“I don't doubt that
John arched his heels to get a better view. “The group of five?”
John tensed, his rigid hands and his obviously forced smile the only parts of him that belied his annoyance. “That's really not necessary Sherlock. You and Lestrade were busy doing something here, I'm sure.”
“I wanted to tell you. All the time. But how would I start that conversation? When? Over dinner? 'Hey, could you pass the salt? Did you know I can kill a vampire at fifty paces with a bow and arrow?' The time just didn't come. After a while, it seemed too late. I became too used to you not knowing, and it was... nice. A nice change.”
Evidently the conversation was being watched, because the rest of Gabriel’s team’s aim immediately shifted to legs and shoulders, rather than chests.
Gingerly, Sherlock touched the door himself with the briefest of grazes. “What happened?”
“Of which... I'm one,” he murmured, a pale hand instinctively curling where the handle of his umbrella would usually be.
Sherlock nodded. “I'll wake you.”He stood and walked to the kitchen, picking up a nearby stack of papers, and seeming to have already forgotten about John. The doctor's eyes followed him, and after a moment he allowed himself to shut them, leaning back into the couch cushion. He moved into a more comfortable position, though he remained curled defensively, with his arms across his chest, and felt himself drift off.
With those words, John ceased to remain still, and began walking towards Thomas. “No.” Another muted click could be heard as John, with his back facing Sherlock, Mycroft, and Lestrade, walked towards the vampire. Thomas, head bent, walked forward, keeping enough distance between himself and John to watch the doctor's movements.
“George sent her off,” Lestrade answered. “He gave her access to the special collections.”
With a scream between a howl and a moan, John was on his feet, pulling the still-bloody stake from Moriarty’s hands before the vampire could react, then plunging it deep in his chest. Moriarty fell, human once again, the darkness in his eyes fading to nothingness.
“A vampire,” she said again, softer this time as she looked at Sherlock.
The wheels in Sherlock’s head turned, and he realized the answer before Greg or John.
“No, I guess not. Might as well get going on the coordinates while it’s still light out, though, eh?”
Sherlock's mouth closed and he and John stared at each other, both annoyed. For all of their petty arguments, the pair were only rarely genuinely angry with one another. After a moment of silence, Sherlock's natural curiosity overtook his desire to be cross with John.
Sherlock nodded. “That should give us time to find something, assuming we’re on the right track.”
Sherlock seemed pleased. “I tried to isolate the damage to the southeast corner of your room. All flash, nothing substantial – just enough to alert the Met.”
But that wasn’t what happened.
With that, the group parted, and Sherlock and John watched as the others made their way to the waiting car.
“Correct,” Sherlock said. “Like I said, this map has been altered. But I’m quite certain it was the original, and the vault that was filled in likely still exists.”
John shook his head and spoke, standing up straight and looking at Jonathan without any fear. “You are insane.”
“Ouch,” John said, putting a hand over his heart and feigning shock. “And to think, I was going to buy you lunch.”
Greg spread a hand across the folders and stacks of photographs on the table. John recognized some from 221B, when he and Sherlock were still privy to official case documents. “Getting Scotland PD on board is the plan today. Take a look at this.”
“If it were a matter of putting me in a dangerous area, you wouldn't mention it; putting one another in dangerous situations is rather what we do. It has to be something else, something related to my humanity explicitly. So, what is it?”
The very air around him had changed, and he could feel electricity pricking at his fingertips. The sounds around him seemed clearer than ever, with every drop of water and wheel on concrete intensified and distinct in his ears. He walked forward and up the stairs, brushing a hand against one of the weapons he had concealed in his jacket pocket.
Almost simultaneously, John and his old friend sensed something, turned in the opposite direction, and shot at two vampires who were slowly coming up behind them. John aimed for a non-integral part of the body; Gabriel aimed for the head.
“And so far, the only one. Unless you would prefer to wait for something to happen to us, passive players in whatever we're now a part of.”
“Come on, come on, drink,” John murmured, feeling only the slightest response from Sherlock. He was unsure how much of his blood was making it down.
John didn't answer.
“Bloody Wales,” Lestrade muttered, then stood again, holding out a hand to pull Molly up with him. “We can’t wait here.”
“Fourteen bodies?” John said aloud, wondering if he miscounted.
“Well, you know I’ve been looking into everything I can about this. Vampire lore about turning on moon phases, why some of these vampires that have attacked us are like - ah, zombies,” she didn’t ask John if they were real, but the unasked question hung in the air regardless. “Anyways, what really bothered me was Jane, she mentioned the reoccurence of ‘army trio,’ and you recognized that name.”
“What about the vaults?” Sherlock asked.
With a sharp snap, the door flew open and John walked towards the main control panel overlooking the courtyard. It had been a longshot, but John was pleased to see that the control panel was still functional - it seemed, for this section of the emergency systems, some part of the generator was still working. Acting quickly, John pressed an inconspicuous red button near the far right side of the board and distantly, he could hear sirens across the base sounding. If anyone was missing the fun, as he had been, they were awake now.
He breathed in again and didn't breathe out until his lungs began to burn. He had crawled out on to the fire escape, and was just beginning to feel the cold of the metal he was leaning against reach him. A week ago, he had found himself in this very spot. For different reasons, of course; he had left an experiment smoking on the stove, and John made him move it outside. A week ago, the thought of vampires never crossed his mind, and were merely a story used to frighten children. A week ago his best friend had been human.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asked, and John looked up at him. “You seem to have a plan, or you wouldn't have sent the others off to look at the warehouses. What is it?”
As he gazed at Sherlock’s body on the ground, he considered the last item on his to-do list.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, with a certainty he didn’t feel.
Lestrade looked up at Mycroft, finally beginning to wonder why he was there.
John pulled two vampires from the crowd, looping silver chains around their hands as they hissed at him, eyes blank and black, blown wide by the power of Harker’s hypnotic command. So long as he could keep them from biting him anywhere essential, John wasn’t especially worried - however, they were using their not-inconsiderable strength to aim their fangs at his jugular. After a struggle, he was able to throw them to the ground, and drive a long pin through their chains into the dirt. Pulling it out would require pulling against the silver, and John couldn’t imagine newborns would be keen to push that sensation very far.
“On the contrary. It's excellent news,” Sherlock said, looking up and smiling dangerously at his friend. “Someone thinks you're a threat.”John looked back to the body and pointed to the lapel closest to Sherlock.
John thought for a minute. “Four bodies, you said?”
"That's impossible," the doctor said.
“Yes, snakes,” Sherlock replied, now annoyed. He adjusted his scarf and turned, walking towards the door. “I don't know.”
“Jonathan Harker. But, you, you’re not…” He looked back and forth between Sebastian and Moriarty, who was smiling broadly. “You were the greatest hunter of your day. My parents named me after you. You died.”
“Have you noticed this weather? Very cloudy,” John said, looking up.
In the end, John opted to stand, stake still in hand. The battle had gone silent, the soldiers solemnly watching their captain, and the newborn vampires moaning under chains of silver.
“No,” Sherlock replied, grinning.
He watched as the vampire fought against his restraints, and felt a cold fear creep down his spine. By any standard, undead or living, the vampire before him was far too enraged, far too uncontrollable. It felt, in a way that John could only sense at his core, unnatural. It was something he had never seen before – not even in war.
“Sherlock, you’ve been wondering about the war. Sebastian,” he added, glancing up at Sherlock briefly. Sherlock nodded, and John slowly tried to put his thoughts in order.
Closing the laptop, he stood. John offered a “sorry,” then stood as well, reaching for his clothes over the back of the desk chair.
“This is a plot to keep me busy,”Sherlock answered, turning to face John with his arms crossed across his chest.
Sherlock was quiet, and looked between John and the map.
When John looked back towards Sherlock, he saw the man rubbing dirt between his fingers.
Once inside his room, John closed and locked the door, and leaned against it, exhaling slowly. He had left his window open, and the room was cool and quiet, though the city outside was breathtakingly alive. He could see the dim lights of other flats, and farther away, the dark sky. Three hours and fifteen minutes until sunrise. John wished he didn't know that; Sherlock would wonder how he did.
“You've had worse theories. Lestrade and I will join you,” he said.
“To what?”
“Oh,” John said, and laid his hand flat on the table, brushing a thumb over the picture under it. “No one,” he said, before correcting himself. “No one important.”
John knew he could fight her, attempt to secure her in the midst of the chaos that reigned on the ground below, but he had done this too long. He knew the power a maker had over his progeny and he knew she had reached the only valid conclusion for this problem. This part of John’s memory, the bargaining, the pleading, and the constant refrain of “no, god no,” was scattered and filled with blank gaps; however, the end of it was blindingly clear, permanently carved into his mind. This part of his life, the part of his life where he felt content in his marriage and career, ended with a gun pointed at Mary, her body falling from the edge of the building and landing, unnoticed, in the fray below. Fangs bared, John stood. He was certain, more than anything else at that moment, that when he grieved, it would last years and be truly terrible to behold. He felt certain that the man who walked onto that rooftop, and the man who would leave, were now irreconcilably different people. For the time being, however, he had business to take care of, and he wouldn’t cease until his hands were drenched in blood.
“Five?” Lestrade confirmed, looking at John, but not moving.
“The four of us will leave at sunset,” George said, speaking slowly and deliberately, clearly intending his suggestion to serve as an order rather than a request. Sherlock and Greg were not expected to join the group, but John was evidently expected to obey and depart.
These groups seemed to be moving towards the center of the base in a circle, some dropping what looked like inert explosives behind themselves. John would have to take care of that when he exited. They appeared to be methodical, almost matching, but not quite meeting, the tactical skill of John’s own soldiers. He felt a surge of pride, which was rapidly replaced by a worrying observation that a large number of soldiers were not out in the field yet.
Jane thought about her answer, then said, “You might not like it.”
There was a pause on the line, which John broke.
Sherlock nodded and pointed at the top of the wound. “Note how it gradually becomes deeper and wider from the initial place of contact and tapers towards the bottom. It appears to be consistent with a solitary blade of some sort, but I'll need to conduct further research when we return to Baker Street. We'll need to stop at the morgue,” he said softly, tilting the corpse's face away from him as he moved over a few steps. “It's very likely that the person behind this was much taller than Ms. Daniels, considering the angle that she was pierced at. A male, I presume, one who was strong enough to restrain her.” He gestured at her wrists.  “Do you have anything to add?”
Sebastian sneered. “Power,” he said, distaste dripping from every syllable. “Innocent people die every day that vampires walk the earth, unprotected because people like you won’t tell them what threat exists. Once vampires became the earth’s strongest predators, hunters will go back to the top of the food chain. It will be our best chance to eradicate them all.”
“How so?”
“Your friend Gregory is correct,” George replied, leaning back and staring at John with his cool, grey eyes. “Any number of things could await us in Romania, regardless of whether or not Jane was correct in her assessment of the situation.
“You look as though you have a plan,” the other man said, adjusting his tie. “I couldn't resist the opportunity to see what you're going to do.”
Mycroft was still, then perfectly rigid, a difference that Greg couldn’t quite understand until he saw it.
“No, but I'm fairly certain what will be waiting for you if you don't give me something to work with,” John replied.
“How long has it been? Five years?” He asked, chuckling as he released her.
Silence.
“I think so too.”
“I suppose it’s a good sign you can’t find him. Maybe it means he found who he was looking for, and they disposed of his phone. Whoever ‘they’ are,” John added.  “Nothing’s coming up at all?”
“Which you won't,” Sherlock responded dully, reassuring him. “You are, after all, a highly trained doctor.”
Sherlock looked around. “Give me a minute.”
He locked eyes with her, and after a moment she nodded. John let her go and moved quickly towards the door, hoping to catch up with Sherlock before he left the hospital.
“I thought silver was used on werewolves,” he said. He was beginning to feel less nauseous.
“Well done, Greg,” John murmured.
“Smells dead,” John corrected. “There have definitely been vampires down here.” He ran his light around the room. The low walls were lined with what looked like small berths.
“They've never been my thing,” John answered. “I don't like humans being treated like meat.”
“You and Sherlock are needed.”
“Not your fault,” Sherlock replied. “What did you dream of?”
“The man himself,” Moriarty answered, a fire burning deep in his eyes. At saying this, he came closer to Sherlock, who was still restrained - John could see Sherlock trying to pull back as Moriarty eyed the taller man’s neck, barely a breath away.
John glanced at him, then ran a hand over his mouth. “Right then,” he said. “Tonight. Fuck, Mycroft couldn’t have sent us a little more information. What’s tonight? Whatever all this has been leading to, obviously, but what?”
children, I should say those in my care. Newborn vampires are curious creatures, aren't they? So willing to obey their masters.”
John pointed at various weapons and as he did so, Greg and Sherlock picked them up.
“And now you have,” she said. “Congratulations.”
“You said it, while you were sleeping.” Sherlock was clearly not really looking at the slide underneath the microscope.
“It seems like every other one I've had the misfortune of coming to,” Sherlock replied, leaning in closer to hear John. “No sports at this hour, though, so overall it may be winning.”
“In all fairness,” Gabriel said, pulling a length of silver chain from his belt, “You could have at least hinted that you weren’t dead.”
“For Christ’s sake, Sebastian,” John said, “Why would you want a war? Power? Innocent people will die.”
“There should still be a bottle of gin tucked in behind it. That should help things along.”
“It's a valid question,” the detective replied.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, scratching intently at a stain on the wooden tabletop. “I do know how to use a percolator, believeit or not.”
“Anyway,” Moriarty said, backing off with a grin. “The notes are difficult to read, but it’s clear there are three steps for creating daywalkers. We’ve had some trouble with the first,” he said, smiling knowingly at Sebastian.  “Moon phases are a tricky thing, but it seems the verdict is that it needs to be on a particular moon. And we’ve tried full moons, new moons, moons in between. What we’ve needed was a Black Moon. Which, coincidentally, is happening tonight. Care to guess the next step, Doctor Watson?” Moriarty asked, wheeling back towards John, pacing like a caged animal.
“Reptile?” Lestrade asked.
As John walked quickly down the hall, his mind touched on more sinister possibilities - after all, it was only six months ago that an attack on the base had taken place. That was virtually unheard of, especially in the middle of Afghanistan. It wasn’t just that there were there so few vampires in the middle of the desert, being such a terrible place to hide out during the daytime. More so, it was that John's unit - while ostensibly an army branch - was more focused on peacekeeping. Ironic, certainly, given John's ancestry; nothing brought to mind "vampire hunting" quite so well as his surname. He had spent so many nights considering the attack that had taken place. Even as Sebastian had stitched him up, John knew something was wrong. It was out of character for any vampire group to arrange themselves so thoroughly without a plan. They had to have been looking for something in particular.
Lestrade thought about this, and then pulled out his phone again. “I have tracking enabled on her work mobile,” he said. He pressed a few buttons on his own phone, adding, “God knows if it’ll work now, though.” He put the phone to his ear as it began to ring, walking away from John and Sherlock as he started speaking to one of his officers at Scotland Yard.
He managed to follow Sherlock along, vampire in tow, until they reached a large door, which Sherlock hoped lead to an empty room. In luck, John's instructions for unlocking it worked, and once opened revealed an empty room, bare, save for a heavy table in the centre of it. In the moment it took John to watch Sherlock enter the room, one of the vampire's hands became freed, and struck him under his eye, momentarily blinding him. Before he noticed what had happened, Sherlock grabbed hold of the vampire and shoved him to the table, holding him down by the neck.
“Not yet,” John answered. “Who's ordering you around these days?”
Thrown by the emotion that the Holmes was displaying, John put his barely touched water down and gave himself a moment to catch up. He leaned on the back of the chair.“You ate your bank teller.”
“I had to be sure you were screwing with everyone, and not
“Ah,” John said, nodding. “Yeah, well. Consider this my area of expertise.”He walked back towards the bar, where Mycroft couldn't see him, and returned with a bottle of water.
“It seems to go right over your head that this isn't a pleasant experience, Sherlock,” John said, finally looking in Sherlock's general direction.
“Find Jane,” he directed. John turned and stepped nimbly away from a fighting pair. A cadet, fighting for the first time in the field, was currently engaged with a vampire twice his size, and was close to pinning it down with a silver-lined glove. John nodded curtly at the young man, and kept walking. Things were almost too easy, tonight, it almost felt like he was being teased - built up with small victories, but nothing impressive; John felt as though something was about to go terribly wrong.
“Sorry,” he said softly again. “Now. Will you agree not to interrupt me too much and let me explain everything to you at once? I really don't want to have to go through it again,” he asked.
At the entrance to the hospital, Lestrade parted ways with the pair, and Sherlock and John were left on their own in the taxi.
Very quickly, Sherlock let go of the vampire's neck, and John slipped the chain over where his hand had been. The vampire hissed as the silver burned its skin, and John quickly pulled him backwards, off the table, and towards a metal pipe that ran from the ceiling to the floor. Tying the vampire to it, he stepped back, rubbing his hands on his jeans lightly. While the silver didn't burn John's hands, Sherlock noticed that his palms still looked as though they had been submerged in boiling water.
“Real,” Greg repeated, “not just… older?”
Moriarty grinned broadly, and shook his sleeve up to glance at his watch. “We’re well past sunset, and the moon is in position. Ready whenever you are.”
“Hello,” the vampire returned, drawing her eyes down towards the nape of the woman's neck and smiling lazily. Molly blushed.
John nodded. Jane turned to look at the rest of the group to elaborate.
Jane's eyes flicked to Mycroft, and took in his well-pressed suit and tie, and – more striking than anything else – his absent pulse. “You're -”
Taking their final chance to get away, the vampires rushed forward. Unphased, John and Gabriel took them on in their own ways, but with the same result; in fewer than ten seconds, the vampires were staked.
“Coward,” he muttered, then yelled “Mycroft!” over the crowd. The tall vampire - hands drenched with blood - turned to look at him. “Follow Harker!”
“Dead.” John said breathlessly, his voice rough from being choked.
As the dream faded, John heard his own screaming before he even opened his eyes. Thrown back suddenly into wakefulness, he looked ahead of himself, and met a different pair of blue eyes, which he immediately moved away from, panting with fear. These eyes were calmer, less threatening, and as John got his bearings he relaxed. He looked at Sherlock and closed his moth, moving his jaw a bit.
“Basically,” John said, “If you get back here before five, we'll be able to figure out what we're going to do next. Mycroft can take you back to your house, then he can go to his own,” he said, looking directly at the older man as he gave the order. Mycroft nodded, aware of the hour – it was close enough to dawn that he could feel his skin prickling – and stood, tapping the keys of his phone and gesturing for the DI to walk in front of him.
“Fangs,” he said simply, looking directly at John's slightly open mouth. The tips of sharp points were visible within.
“With that accent, you're from Germany. Easy.” The detective began to pace. “Your choice of words and speech patterns point to being relatively poorly educated. Your clothes, however, are well-made, nowhere close to being in your budget. Newly turned, or you would have taken longer restrain. You're an underling, obviously, and someone's paying you well to do whatever you've been charged with doing. Of course, they probably didn't expect you to come out to a bar to brag about your position, but that's none of my concern, is it?” Sherlock said, smiling insincerely. John wondered how he had figured out a way to apply his powers of deduction to vampires.
Greg was left to his own devices.
“Not my people,” John replied, “More like the vampire underworld. It's your standard subculture-oriented club, there's just a bit more of an appreciation for blood involved.”
“Boy howdy,” Gabriel said, pulling his stake hand out of a pile of dark burgundy blood and sinew.
“Sure?” She replied, putting down her cup on the workbench beside her.
Although he still knew more than the two men beside him for the moment, Mycroft was now unsure what John was talking about. He gently tapped a cold hand on Lestrade's trembling one, attempting to keep the police officer from pulling his gun again and trying to shoot the  vampire.
John nearly took a step back - he couldn’t quite remember the last time Sherlock had cursed.
Charles moved towards John abruptly, correctly recognizing this as a challenge to George’s authority.
“God, yes,” John answered.
“Well,” Molly said, reflecting, “there’s a nice librarian who keeps bringing me tea and snacks, but won’t say anything. That’s a bit odd, but otherwise fine. There’s actually a bed down here, though if you could sort things out before I have to really settle in, I’d appreciate it.”
John leaned back in his seat and began to fiddle with the paper sleeve of his coffee cup. Sherlock was already surprised, and beginning to question whether he was prepared for the answers he would receive.
“You know, I can't even say that I'd
“Fine with me,” John muttered, before stopping abruptly.
“Mr. Moriarty,” Jonathan said firmly, “arrange to move the newborns. We’ll need to prepare them and have them sent home shortly.”
“So,” Jane said, changing the subject and looking at the people who had arrived with John. She rested her head on her hand, gently tracing the jagged scar that ran across the dark skin of her cheek as she spoke. “Who are your friends?”
hang out. I feel like we may get more information about the recent deaths if we go directly to the people who know what's causing them.”
“You could have at least hinted that you were on the way,” John said, exasperated.
“Is this one of the friends who wasn’t going to arrive until tomorrow?” Sherlock asked, brushing some of the dirt off his lapel.
John opened his phone. “Nothing from the others yet. I’m surprised you haven’t asked about the papers yet.”
“He’s awake,” Sherlock responded, lifting his phone. “I’ve let him know you’re going over. I’m going to stop in at the Tesco down the road.”
Both other men stared at him with varying degrees of disbelief.
When he exited the bathroom, he saw John pulling on a fresh t-shirt, this one from the weapons crate, designed for better movement.
. She wouldn't rise to it; she was, after all, more than twice the man's age, and sure that the young vampire had his own reasons for keeping his condition secret. “Mutual,” she said, taking his hand firmly. Only the petite woman to Mycroft's right remained. Jane's eyes met her's.
“I’m fine too. I think we’re ready.” She shifted the laptop bag at her side, which was rubbing against the gun and holster John had given her.
Without a second's notice, a dark shape moved out of the darkness, coming towards John from his left. Reaching behind himself, under his jacket, he pulled out two previously unnoticeable silver blades, unhooking them from a hidden pocket.
“You okay?” He asked eventually, glancing over at Sherlock with concern. It was finally dawning on him what had happened.
Despite the extensive collection of old texts, the rest of the room was a shining beacon of modern technology. Molly had settled into a desk at the center of the room, with two computers monitors and more electronic equipment than she had names for on the desk in front of her. She had her own computer as well, and began to lay out the notes she had copied from John the last time she had seen him.
Sherlock leaned back slowly, and looked at John, close enough that John could feel the man's breath on his skin.
Sherlock removed a glove, and ran his bare hand over the dirt, and then held it in front of the flashlight. “Very bad indeed,” Sherlock said, then turned his hand towards John. “The ground isn’t soaked with water.” He wiped his palm on his handkerchief, and left a trail of red.
“It reminds me of the war.”
“She was,” Mycroft, for what he believed was perhaps the third time in his life, was at a loss for words. “I knew her. Occasionally she...” His usual subdued manner couldn't conceal his legitimately upset expression, and in that moment appeared younger to John than he ever had before. “Occasionally she worked for the bank. I didn't mean to.”
“Trying to call your backup?” Sherlock asked.
“Yep,” said a voice across from him. He looked up, opening his other eye gingerly and blinking, trying to see the smaller man better.
At the sound of his name, John flinched as though struck.
“If I told you that, dear John, I'd have to kill you before we had a chance to catch up with one another,”he answered, an edge of malice in his voice. “Or, I could just kill your friends to impress upon you the importance of what I'm currently a part of.”
“Yeah. Molly, you’re set?”
Covered in numbers, Sherlock found that the sheet did seem fairly unhelpful, at first glance.
“Hello, child,” a soft voice rasped out of the darkness. “You are needed. We have been waiting.”
“Just a second,” John said, and stepped in to the kitchen before he could be stopped by Mycroft. Moments later, he returned and looked at him. “All right. After you.”Mycroft's eyes scanned his face, and seemingly not seeing what he was looking for, walked down to the waiting car.
“It’s not forty,” Sherlock murmured, just loud enough for John to hear him.
“No,” Sherlock stated again.
"Evening, Mycroft. Having Sherlock translate his notes, actually."
“Um,” John said, looking past Sherlock at Mycroft and Lestrade. Greg looked as though he had just had a panic attack, and wondered if that was the cause for Sherlock's sudden change in mood. His flatmate's protectiveness came out at the most unexpected times. “I... probably should, yes. Right,” he said, taking a deep breath as he shrugged off his coat, hanging it carefully on the edge of the chair. Despite his care, it was not the coat, but a minor cut in his hand that dropped a small bead of blood to the floor. With a grimace he ran the hand over his jeans and pressed on. “Sit down, Sherlock,” he said and gestured to his friend's usual chair.
“Sorry,” he said, out of breath.
“What are you talking about? This is terrible. I’m not entirely sure it is coffee.” Sherlock said as he put his mug down on the nightstand, frowning.
“If it makes things any easier, if there’s a Council left to come back to, after this, they’ll help take care of explanations with your bosses’ bosses,” John said, pulling on some gloves.
“Explain?” John asked, throwing a quick glance towards Sherlock.
“A call,” George said. “As we were flying west, Jane was flying east. By the time we landed, she had left a message on Caroline’s phone – she had tracked Tom to Bistrita. In light of that, we have assembled our forces, and hope to end this once and for all.”
“Of course. What is the greater problem?”
“Are you sure?” John murmured, meeting his companion’s eyes.
“Okay,” Molly said, crossing her arms and nodding, her eyebrows meeting as she glanced at her shoes. She was expecting more of a fight.
“So, are your vampire senses tingling?” Sherlock asked John.
Mycroft smiled at him icily. “I wouldn't mourn your death.”
Once at the door, John knocked heavily on the metal frame twice. He waited.
Lestrade nodded. “I should have noticed, right? I mean, I spotted a certain glazed-over look now and again, but that’s normal on a string of cases like the murders. Late nights, stress, gore - it takes a certain emotional fortitude to get you through the day, and once it’s gone, so are you.”
“You really don't want to do that,” John said, his voice rough from being choked, gritting his teeth against the pain that flooded every nerve.
"Don't provoke him," Lestrade warned. “I've given him a hard enough time already.”
John was momentarily baffled. “All the murders - that’s trial and error?
“That’s terrific, Molly,” John said. “Thanks. How are things there?”
“I believe you and I have something to discuss,” Mycroft said, getting to the point and not making an effort to move the conversation towards the armchairs next to them.
“Witches,” suggested Sebastian.
“Yeah,” John replied, his voice as neutral as Sherlock's. He ran a thumb over the side of his wrist, glanced out the window, and moved again, this time biting back a gasp. He looked up at the ceiling as he applied pressure to different parts of his left wrist, gently rolling his fingers around the bones. “I'm amazed you haven't noticed them earlier, actually, especially in the morning. They come out a lot when I yawn. And when I'm -” he glanced at Sherlock, cutting himself off as he twisted with his right hand and gritted his teeth as he groaned.
“Blend in, or come with you? As you should be well aware, not coming with you isn't an option.”
John shook his head. “No. He wasn't leading the murders, though I'm sure he enjoyed the mayhem. He's always been more of a henchman. We'll need help.”
“So, what I think I’m trying to get at, is yes - I do genuinely believe that every legend about that book is true. I believe Dracula wrote it so that one day he could be brought back. I also believe, more than anything else, that cracking it open and trying to use it to obtain power would bring a darkness into this world that could never be fully eradicated.” There was silence, and John attempted to bring the mood up a bit. “Anyways, I think that’s what Sebastian was looking for. It seemed to come up in conversation between us unusually frequently. He had a feeling it was being kept on the base, but was never able to find out where.”
“If you'd like it to be. You could just tell me who's causing all these murders, why new vampires are being made, and we could go our separate ways.”
Greg glancedup at Mycroft, then began to type a response back, far slower than Mycroft had been typing.
Sherlock stood and threw his scarf around his next. “Time to explore some vaults, then.”
“Snakes?” the detective inspector questioned again.
She nearly dropped the mug she was carrying. “Is that – Sherlock, you can't just –
The group made their war to the vehicles, with Lestrade and Mycroft in one car, and Sherlock and John in the other. For the first time that night, the buzz of adrenaline in John's ears dissipated and he finally found the silence oddly comforting. He leaned back, moaning softly in pain and squeezing his eyes closed as his back shifted against the fabric seat.
Sherlock was the wild card. John had often watched, amused, as his friend practiced baritsu. It wouldn’t be his martial art of choice, but Sherlock seemed to be competent enough. He’d made sure to teach Sherlock how to shoot a gun properly long ago, so that was an option. Hand-to-hand combat was a little more hit-or-miss, but in general, more hit than miss.
” he said, spreading his hands apart as though to illustrate the magnitude of such a revelation.
“Couldn’t have managed to pick up some drugs on your way over here?”
“He turned himself for the good of the cause,” Sherlock murmured, quiet enough for only John to hear him.
“Fair enough,” he said. “Meet you in the lobby in fifteen?”
Now he stayed outside, chilled by the morning air, and could hear John walking around inside the flat. From the frequency of the steps and the sounds in the kitchen, Sherlock could tell John was making an effort to clean up, clearing up as much of the clutter in the sitting room as he could, in order to make room for the collection of weapons that was gradually making its way downstairs. Sherlock couldn't remember how long he had been sitting there, but realized it was enough time that he should come in shortly, or risk being frowned at by John.
It had been three days since he and Sherlock had visited the beach, and in those three days he had spent more time in the morgue than he ever had in the past thirty-nine years of his life. He looked to his right, towards the kitchen, where Sherlock was currently examining vials of blood. The blood was, at least, better than the arm that Sherlock had spent the afternoon the day prior cutting with various blades. He was growing increasingly annoyed that he had not yet found the murder weapon, but an annoyed, busy Sherlock was still much better than an annoyed and bored one. As if he could hear John thinking (and at times John imagined he could), the man looked up.
“You're sure this is the same person doing this?” John asked, finally prying his eyes from the woman.
“Who are you?” Molly asked, glancing at Greg, who was gritting his teeth.
“Power of spite?” John said, chuckling dryly. “I’m kind of hard to kill, generally speaking. A completely human soldier could have lived through worse.”
“And what would that be?” Mycroft challenged.
He stood, and pulled out his phone. “I’m going to go make some calls and see if I can find Greg’s room.”
Sherlock glanced up from the screen, and pursed his lips. John’s face fell, the anger giving way to worry.
Sherlock returned to John's side of the table and pushed him out of the way to grab a few more sheets of paper from a file. “Blood belonging to a single person was found at the crime scene; given the state of the street, more than enough was lost to kill our latest victim. Blood seems to be central to this case, and when the location and timing of the murder is considered, it is clearly related to the others. All that remains at the moment is figuring out
The pair was rarely completely silent together, but at that moment, they only watched the rain fall, shimmering before the orange streetlights, and running down the windowpanes.
“I’ve read a lot of more-extensive, less-believable theories. It seems to fit,” John said, unconcerned. “It’s meant to be a how-to guide for all sorts of things: immortality, shapeshifting, raising graveyards of the recently dead. That general idea.”
“No – I knew you'd get hungry. For all your talk, I know I'm one of the last people you want to kill. You're remarkably bad at this, and not nearly as intimidating as you try to be. Did Mrs. Hudson let you in?”
Another explosion sounded in the distance, and as John turned he watched as the uppermost part of the bell tower blew apart. This in itself would have worried John, but the fact that it was quite obviously a planned demolition using military-grade materials was what struck him first. Were they being attacked from within? The bell tower seemed an odd target, until he remembered that was where the base’s collection of silver- and wood-tipped bullets had been relocated following the last attack. Moved, he recalled, at Sebastian’s suggestion. John got moving.
“I know what I saw,” John stated firmly, his posture reminding Mycroft of the defiance the man before him never seemed to be without.
“About two hours before dawn on what was supposed to be a normal day, my mum was attacked as she came home from a staff party that ran late. My dad couldn't protect her, not in the second it took for the vampire to drag her down the road and out of sight. By the time my dad found her, she was nearly gone, but the vampire had waited for him to come. He stayed crouched above her until my dad could see his smile, and then he was gone. And my dad knew. The turning process had started, and that was the vampire's plan – to make the wife of one of the most feared hunters a vampire herself, leaving it just long enough that if my father tried to undo it, she would die. As these things happen, in her last spasms of life she had started to give birth to me, and just after dawn broke, she died, and I arrived.”
John let his hand fall to his side. “It's a long story. I think he wanted revenge.”
“Of course not. We both know the price of getting attached, don't we?” He smirked.
“Gabe?” he called, and the man turned back around once more. “Make sure I’m left alone until tomorrow evening.”
He looked at his companions, nodded once, and entered. Molly followed, with Mycroft at her heels. He was able to adapt more quickly than the others to the darkness, and was able to locate a power switch for the lights within moments. Only a few lights flickered on, with those that did come on only lighting up a small fraction of the area beneath them. In the large area, it was more than Mycroft would have expected.
Speaking only in gasps as he tried to free himself from Mycroft's grip, he replied, “How long do you really think you'll be able to hide this?”
Standing behind Sebastian and Moriarty, Mycroft was able to make brief eye contact with John. The message was clear: whenever you’re ready.
“We're going to see a friend of mine, from the military,” John said, suddenly reminded of giving orders and explaining plans so many years ago. It didn't feel very different. “I've mentioned this to Sherlock. I have the address to the bar we're meeting at, and hopefully whatever she tells me will help us figure out what we're going to do next. Obviously this is time sensitive so we're going to try and move as safely and quickly as we can. I've packed enough weapons for all of us, and I'm counting on all of you to shoot quickly and with relatively good aim. Any questions?”
He heard a cough behind him and turned, nearly hitting Sherlock as he did so.
“I do need to take a case soon, though,” Sherlock agreed, putting his own arm overtop John’s to pull him closer. “The blog needs an update.”
Now it was John's turn to be annoyed. “I haven't dated every woman in London, you know.”
“Then?”
“And the man who killed him took his crown,” Moriarty said, mockingly.  “He’s not one for advertising himself.”
In his absence, Mycroft and Lestrade had found seats on the sofa and chairs, sitting awkwardly near one another, not speaking, and not entirely sure where to look. John was just glad they hadn't started arguing about anything. He could hear the sounds of Sherlock in the kitchen moving bottles and beakers around. The experiments had started already. Once he entered the room, three sets of eyes locked on him and followed him as he walked closer, standing in front of the coffee table. He got the distinct impression that he was supposed to speak first, but thought against it when he noticed the weapons he had dropped on the floor below the stairs had been moved to the desk. He quickly crossed the room and ran a hand over his gun and the silver blades, checking to see that they were still in one piece. He had been in such a rush, so dazed and exhilarated, he couldn't even recall removing the significantly more blood-stained blade from the chest of the vampire he had killed. As the lighter knife caught the light, he noticed a chip missing from the handle. He frowned. At least the gun had come out unscathed.
He can dissect you to the bone marrow and know every word you've left unsaid,
to have sex! I- I-I raped you.” The tears filled his eyes as he whispered sharply, incapable of raising his voice any louder, but he blinked them away.
This is it.
You hope the wax wings he gave you can hold you up
Sherlock nodded, placing his head in his hands. He could hear the rain beating a violent pattern on the window like pellets crashing against the glass. John was silent, picking up the chair and sinking into it. For a few minutes nobody said anything, but John was the one to break it. “How can I fix what I've done? This is not something that I can even ask forgiveness for. If you decide to press charges, I won't stand in your way. I'll plead guilty. Just... tell me how to make it up to you.”
was alive.
You call him by his previous name one night
Sherlock closed his eyes as he braced himself, the anger bleeding away until nothing was left except for sadness and fear. He felt the energy and fight leave him, his shoulders slumping as he stared into the eyes on front of him. A few moments of stillness and silence passed, as neither of them knew how to continue from here. Sherlock slowly, slowly, reached his hand up to rest on John's wrist, looking into the hurting and angry eyes in front of him. “What do you want from me, John?” he asked, voice soft and gentle, open, needing to know if he wanted to keep laying in the ruins of what they were. “Just tell me.”
Sherlock checked the website, only to find that indeed, Victor had left a message. One that thankfully wasn't posted on the main forum but was a private message, as it was rather intimate and personal in nature, far too personal to be seen by eyes that wasn't his own.
Sherlock broke into laughter at Victor's reply. [I'm shaking my head right now, William. I can't believe that you're reminding me of that cheesy pick up line as an ice-breaker after many years of not talking.]
There was something beautifully devastating about breaking a god
Sherlock wanted to scream, to get into John's face and shout, but he just blinked at the cup of tea being placed into his hands for a few seconds before he shrugged. It was easier to avoid unwanted conversations by telling a different truth. A modified truth. “Nothing of import happened. A case, a few too many bottles of beer and then we headed home. Dull. I wish I could forget it at well to clear up some space for new information and not have it clogging up my hard drive.”
