In addition to the light, but noticeable physical weight of the letter, it also contained many weighty emotional matters. Alexander's guilt over his lover, his guilt over John's tears, his own impossible struggle, whatever it was, showed in the stress of the cursive writing. It was all there, if only one were to observe it.
John was so preoccupied with his thoughts that he barely remembered to pay the cabbie that had brought him from Heathrow airport to 221 B. He would have chided himself for picking up Sherlock's bad habits if he wasn't so desperate to lay eyes on the insufferable git, and make sure he was the fare money at the cabbie, John turned and stormed up the steps to 221 B.
a compliment!" John insisted. His words, however, fell on deaf ears. Sherlock had straightened, stowed their programs in his suit jacket, and was striding rapidly for the exit. Whatever information he'd come here to obtain, had apparently been gathered. Resigning himself to his fate, John followed after him.
Engaging the safety, John set the gun down on the coffee table with a murderous glare. "You're going to have the Yard here in a moment."
John slipped into the 'provider of the day' office, turned on the lights, set his things away, and turned on his computer to review his appointments. He was feeling very productive and was just considering stepping out to the break room to get a cup of tea, when Mary slipped into his office with one in hand. John smiled and reached out for the steaming mug as she offered it to him.
"Don't struggle too much," Lestrade admonished, turning his face to gaze out over the crowd again. "It doesn't look good for the camera's. Also Bryan's coming to the end of his speech and you'll only draw more questions to yourself if you struggle."
John nodded. "
John was unblinking in the face of Sherlock's threat. He actually leaned closer to his opposition, so that the breath of his next sentence disturbed some of Sherlock's errant curls. "Go ahead then;
would they ever afford it? John's pension barely kept the two of them in the shabbiest, smallest flat he'd ever seen.
John fought to keep his breathing even, to retain the calm he'd so carefully put into place. Mycroft never apologized. Ever.
"It's only a planning scrapbook of sorts, it won't do any harm." As he spoke Sherlock's gaze was fixed on the letter John he'd in his hands.
~*~*~*~
~*~*~*~
to date someone when I've got to deal with your particular brand of madness!" He crossed his arms in a huff and stared morosely out the window. It's not that he wasn't interested in having someone in his life, but he had a duty to his sister first, and he
Luckily there was a new letter waiting for him today. He waved to the clerk and ducked back outside. While it was foggy and the air was chilly, it wasn't raining. Eager to read his letter, John leaned against the corner of the building, well away from the door, and ripped open the envelope.
"Yes doctor," Janet replied, swiftly reaching for the medicines while his other team members worked on the patient.
Wry amusement was painted on John's face, but the eyes that locked with Sherlock's were still and serious. "I wasn't about to put you in danger for my sister's sake. I wasn't even thinking about her, to be honest." When Sherlock's frown deepened John finally chuckled. "I care about you too, you know."
place in London where he could get away from these kind of rumors… but he wasn't about the leave the city. Not because of Sherlock, not because of anyone. London was his
After the incident with the smoke bombs, Sherlock had dragged an incredibly indignant John back to 221 B, and waited an entire week before contacting their client to schedule a meeting. Sherlock claimed he had waited in order to create a false sense of security. It seemed like a sound tactic for his goals, but the entire case still put John on edge.
"Did he really?" Mary asked with a wry smile, which John couldn't help but return. Sherlock had forever warped his sense of humor.
Sherlock looked thoughtful for a moment then shook his head and waived John off. "Oh, that. I won't deny that you've been a useful blogger."
. But then John smiled and leaned down, pressing a short sharp kiss to his mouth. John pulled back just far enough to murmur. "We'll get you to a hospital, make sure you're okay, then we'll talk."
"I'll tell the family," John announced, and many of the staff around him nodded or murmured their thanks. Several nurses squeezed his shoulder as he passed. John nodded with a pained smile each time and returned the gesture. Losing patients was never easy, but it was part of the job. A healthy, well-balanced team was there for each other, and John had no doubt he would hear about this in the break room several times as people processed their memories and emotional reactions to the death. John would too, but first he had to inform the family.
It wouldn't be fair to
"Watching people die…" Tim breathed.
If there
Eric shook his head, "No, it was your decision to make. I would have chosen differently, perhaps, but it's always a judgment call, and I'm glad you fought so hard for her." Eric sighed, and ran a hand through his hair. "I'll mention that when I tell her parents."
"You're shoulder is dislocated," John announced, which earned him a further huff of annoyance.
John's grip on her tightened and his face darkened.
Laurali snorted with laughter. "I'll say. You remember he kidnapped Peter two weeks before he'd even asked Katie out? I thought he would never work up the nerve to marry her." He
like he felt. She wasn't crying or wracked with any obvious pain, but the love and devotion on her face shone clearly in the candlelight, illustrating her loss poignantly. You couldn't love like that without putting your heart on the line, and she had also lost.
John sucked in a breath to make a lengthy retort when a familiar, crinkled letter with a calligraphy "J" emblazoned on the seal, the one that John had opened over a month ago (probably) crept into his vision. John snarled, "What the
Sorry?
Sherlock, heedless of the blood-stained gloves on their hands, pulled his husband into a tight hug. John chuckled wetly and sniffled into his shoulder. "We're grandparents," Sherlock whispered, sounding awed. John could only nod in response.
John moaned softly, his hands twitching with the repressed urge to tug Sherlock closer, to hold him in place. Sherlock noticed and reached up to take John's hands in his, using the leverage to pull John closer and close his mouth over the rigid flesh before him.
"What, Mycroft, didn't give you the blow by blow?" John countered, then grimaced. "Sorry, I didn't mean—"
"People don't pick me up," John admitted, licking his lips in a nervous habit.
"My, but this place is dusty," she said cheerily, sweeping into the room with a plate of sandwiches and tea. "What sort of project are your boys working on? You've been at it all morning."
Sherlock shifted slightly underneath him and John felt a soft kiss being pressed to the top of his head. "Sleep as long as you want," Sherlock murmured.
God, he would tackle Sherlock and pin him to the ground and never, ever let him up again. He would hit him too. Not the kind of hit that injures, but more like an ineffectual beating of his fists against Sherlock's chest; more an expression of emotion than an act of violence, a way to feel Sherlock alive, and whole, and real beneath him.
John hesitated, "I really don't know. This could be over in a few hours, or it could take days."
Mr. Murphy blanched and took a step back. As he did so, Sherlock released him, and returned both hands to the computer. Mr. Murphy lingered for a few moments before slinking back out of the room. When the door had shut behind Mr. Murphy, Sherlock focused the entirety of his mind on the laptop in front of him. No one else really knew he was here, and Mr. Murphy wouldn't have the courage to return.
The world's only consulting detective's head lolled to one side as he finally deigned to make eye contact with Lestrade. "That's a violation of my rights," he replied lazily.
Sherlock turned his piercing towards his blogger. "Our best chance to get to the truth is to act quickly."
"Not yet," John protested, easing a third finger inside of Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his hips, gasping and pleading with John until he finally withdrew his fingers and opened the condom. John spread lube over his cock before pulling the condom down over it, applying more lube. At last he positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance, looking up into Sherlock's flushed face as he began to push inside. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist, urging him on.
"How is everything going?" asked the restaurant owner, Angelo. His Italian accent was thick, and his overall manner was very inviting.
"Please tell me that's not a letter of resignation, John." When John didn't reply Eric sighed. "You're a very good doctor, John, I'd like to keep you if we could."
now? He'd moved, he'd gotten new work, he'd started talking to old friends again, and instead of giving things a chance to settle down and start to feel normal he'd gone and stirred up trouble where there wasn't any to begin with, just because he missed that undeserving, selfish, cold hearted bastard…
Greg peered at him through his fingers. He did trust John, and he mostly trusted Sherlock… "Put you two aren't registered in the foster care system," he mused regretfully, taking his head from his hands.
~*~*~*~
John clenched his fists reflexively as anger surged through him. Not this again. Wouldn't anyone
"You're pacing was keeping me up," Sherlock murmured, digging his knuckles into stubborn muscle, "This will be quicker than letting you work it out on your own."
"Mary this is just an invoice for cleaning supplies," John observed.
attract attention. Couldn't have that, not if he was trying to seem harmless and normal.
John loved him for who he was, but who Sherlock was had hurt John, more than once, and Sherlock knew he would probably continue to hurt John. First the fall, and that had nearly broken both of them. Now…their separation, a separation Sherlock had enforced upon someone who loved him, and only wanted to be his friend…
"What do you mean you won't reopen the case?!" Sherlock cried indignantly into his phone. He was pacing with frantic energy up and down the hotel room John had booked for them. The world's only consulting detective wasn't about to leave the area on the dawn of such an intriguing case.
Sherlock slowly turned his head to face his blogger. "Again? I seriously doubt it."
Sherlock pushed inside the laundry room and set his box down under the table by the door. Thankfully he was alone. Not wasting any time, Sherlock strode forward and plucked a long white doctor's coat from a rack that several other dry coats were hanging from. Then he used the water in the sink to slick back his hair. It would've been better if someone had mislaid a pair of glasses, but Sherlock saw no such items and wasn't willing to waste time.
~*~*~*~
The shot was starting to hit John already; he hadn't had much to eat over the last few days. He sighed softly and sipped his stout again. Definitely a two drink limit.
"Absolutely," John replied, "Just give me a hand up and we can be on our way."
John shivered at the sensation, feeling goosebumps breaking out over his skin.
"I've left a little something for you on the table."
, hadn't he been telling himself that for
"I will never know what possessed you to order John out of your life like that, but you will regret it, Sherlock. He
John's eyes widened slightly in realization. "The inscription." Sitting in his breast pocket like it had been, it would have just been visible.
Mycroft must have stopped by while John was in the bath, and he wasn't sorry to have missed him. Thing were perhaps more tense between John and Mycroft than they'd been between Sherlock and Mycroft. All things considered, John was glad that Mycroft had 'introduced' him to Alexander. For the first time in a very long time John felt he had something to look forward to.
John turned, saw the humor glittering in his friend's eyes, and smiled. "You don't say? Sounds like a nice change of pace." They chuckled quietly and went back their sandwiches and easier conversation.
"I broke the law, you know," John reminded her.
John turned to look at her. "Really?"
Eric nodded and made some more notes. "Good, good. That's always very helpful. Hospital schedules can be hectic, especially Accident and Emergency, it's always nice to know we can have more hands on deck when we need them." Eric rearranged the papers on the clipboard, then looked back up at John. "Why do you want to work for Charing Cross Hospital?"
"He said that, next time, I should accept, and split the money with him while feeding Mycroft falsified information."
Sherlock blinked at looked up at Mary for an explanation. "Do you have something?"
Except...
Sherlock followed the motion, slamming down a moment later when John tugged him violently at his hips. The assault on his prostate caused bright spots of color to dance in his vision. He kept his eyes locked with John's as he repeatedly impaled himself on John's thick cock. Sherlock had always been remarkably strong for an omega, but John showed his alpha strength as they moved together, pushing and pulling Sherlock so roughly that he knew he would feel this mating for days afterwards and Sherlock didn't' give a damn. All that mattered was John's cock pushing into him over and over, stretching him almost to breaking.
"Prove it."
"After all those threats?" James asked, leaning forward to take another bite of his sandwich. When he had swallowed he added, "It certainly doesn't sound like he trusts you."
John barked with laughter. "I bet that's exactly what you told him, isn't it?"
match though."
They were seated by the fireplace, and John was more grateful than was reasonable that the table did not have a candle. Once their drinks were ordered, they were left to peruse the menu at their leisure. After a few moment's Mary's voice broke the silence, "You've been at Charing Cross for a while now, is it everything you hoped it would be?"
"You mean you
John would have taken steps by now to stabilize his life, he might be pursuing happiness, and may even…
. Of course. He was an idiot. He turned in place, reaching into his jacket pocket for a pen and his checkbook. "I suppose you would like this made out to yourself, instead of Harriet?"
At last he plucked a supple pin out of his hair and picked the lock while John tried not to be surprised that he hadn't expected the hair pin. He'd certainly lived with the man long enough to know he was
John gave a mental shrug. As happy as the Holmes name made him, it
"Victor and I moved him to a couch and revived him. Once he was conscious again he verbally confirmed my suppositions and clarified the specifics. He had been working labor and delivery early in his career, and as is the case with most middle class doctors, his salary did little to mitigate his student loans, especially when compounded with malpractice insurance. He was the doctor in attendance on a very busy night when Mrs. Clemons gave birth to a stillborn son. This was her third failed pregnancy and she was beside herself.
been anger, but it had been fleeting. In the end John had shaken his head and said, "
Mary's lips curled upwards at the edges, she looked grateful for the change in topic. "Salmon with a chipotle mango sauce and sautéed vegetables."
"Do you have a room with a single king?" Marcus asked, pulling a card out of his wallet and presenting it to Rebecca.
John brightened a bit. "Life doesn't make promises, Mycroft; trying is all you can do." John almost added a 'thank you,' but he was still angry at Mycroft for what he'd said about his brother. Sherlock deserved every bit of respect and loyalty John could give; even if he had left spare body parts in the fridge...
"No," John cut the orderly off, finally finding his voice.
Sherlock turned to study his flatmate who was staring resolutely at the blank screen in front of him. John was upset and that puzzled him. The good doctor had said and demonstrated that he cared for him, but he had no good reason to. Sherlock knew he wasn't very likable, things were easier that way...
"That might be a while," Sherlock interjected, striding into the room with towels and medical gloves. Having a doctor for a Dad, and Sherlock for her Papa, Laurali had learned to always keep a well-stocked medicine cabinet. "The snow's really picked up out there, and the roads are dangerous."
John followed wordlessly, watching in distaste as the taller man quickly dispatched the lock on a nearby window and wormed his way inside the building. There was a brief pause before Sherlock's head peaked back outside, and he pinned John with his gaze. "Are you coming."
John choked on a sudden laugh, then quickly apologized. "I'm sorry; I just have such a hard time picturing him getting along with
"What are you doing here?" they both asked at once, then chuckled.
did what he was told...
The location where the tracking devices had stopped was not quite at the dig site for the skyscrapers, but it was close enough to have easy access, and far enough away not to be found. Hiding in plain sight always was the best policy.
Wait... When did he order...? He paused, blinked, and looked up when he heard Sherlock chuckling softly.
consulting detective in the middle of the bloody press conference and
"What are you
she'd just stop taking my calls like that. No way."
He walked straight towards the supply closet and deposited his items on a bare spot on the shelf in the back bottom left hand corner. He had to crouch to reach the area. Then he stood, retrieved a fresh sharps container, and made his way back to the examination area he had just left.
John looked to Mary, mostly because he didn't want to look at Sherlock. She was catching her breath, they all were, and her grin was infectious. Her eyes glittered with an excitement and almost a humor that John had rarely seen. In the time he'd been her flat mate he'd seen her sad or discomforted a few times, but nothing very strong. He wouldn't have said she was
"You can't stand the thought of not being in control," John murmured, gently prying Sherlock's hands off his shirt and bringing them up to his mouth to kiss the knuckles.
John chuckled to himself. "And humble too," he murmured sarcastically, before he continued reading.
John smiled, and he wondered if Mary had felt lonely. She'd been on her own for some time, although he hadn't asked exactly how long it had been since Sean had died. He didn't want to be intrusive, and the exact time also wasn't very important. When you lost someone you loved it stayed with you, regardless of the years.
John winced at the thought of how that last injury would affect Sherlock's violin playing, then silently cursed his own stupidity. He turned the page and skimmed the cataloging of Sherlock's personal items.
Sherlock rose from his seat with a laborious sigh and trudged into the kitchen, leaving his glass in the sink. When he returned, he didn't bother to look at Mary. Commenting on her manipulation would only encourage her. Instead he focused intently on his work. He was getting along reasonably well until the next time he glanced up at John and Mary
Molly continued eyeing the bag for a few more moments, then lifted her gaze to John, then over to Mary, then back to John. "Is this….? Are you….? …John you know what this looks like."
John entered the room, running his fingers along the furniture, and spent a few minutes sitting on the bed, which was surprisingly comfortable. He moved to the desk next, picturing his laptop on it. It would be a nice corner to update his blog...but what would he write about now? ...Would it be better to scrap the blog altogether? His chest tightened at the thought. No, he didn't want to take it down. Although his story ended differently, he completely agreed with Mary's earlier sentiments, he wouldn't have turned away from his years with Sherlock, even knowing the heartache they contained and how they would end; they were still the happiest years of his life. It might be better to consider not updating his blog anymore though. Having memories was one thing, he didn't want to be trapped in them.
Mr. Walker shrugged ineffectually and opened his mouth to deliver some trite speech that Sherlock had no patience to hear.
" John had replied, smirking back before he could help himself.
Mary nodded and together they made their way down the stairs and out the door. They split in opposite directions, each hailing and securing a cab, moving as quickly as they could to their different locations.
John, who had been dozing in the corner of their cell, jumped and came to full alertness immediately.
~*~*~*~
Drawing the curtains tightly around himself, Sherlock pressed back into the curtains and peeked out of the sliver of space he's left for himself. Not thirty seconds later the would-be-Prima rushed backstage and scrabbled furiously at a slim crack in the plaster of the wall. Said crack must have actually been a small hole with a catch, because a section of the wall opened like a cabinet and a tightly wrapped package was hastily retrieved. Sherlock watched Ms. Adeline scurry off with it before edging his way back out into the hall. Nothing more needed to be done today.
thing he could do for John, and it would be the
James scuffed the group with his feet for a moment, before looking back up at John. "And this isn't about a case?" He asked, confusing John even more. James rushed to explain. "You've been telling me about this big case that he's working. He wouldn't tell you much about it before, but if you're working it together... I don't know. His work is dangerous and your caught up in it. Some people think they have to distance themselves from people they care about, their friends, when their doing dangerous work. That never made any sense to me, but..." James shrugged. "I just didn't want you to feel like that was something you had to do, if that's what brought this on."
It was eerily quiet inside, and John hurried up the steps. "Sherlock?" he called, scanning their darkened living room as he fumbled to hang up his coat. There was no response. He reached out to turn on one of the rooms many lamps, and winced when he saw the state of the floor. Somehow things were even
, Sherlock." Again John's voice was thick with emotion, but he didn't try to hide it. Sherlock knew where he stood, and John wasn't ashamed of how he felt.
Sherlock grumbled and pouted, eyes scanning everything in the room but John. Until, that is, John's fingers came to rest gently on Sherlock's cheek, capturing his undivided attention.
When Sherlock was fully naked, his neck, torso, and thighs glowing with fresh love bites, John sat back on his heels and murmured, "Look at me," as Sherlock's eyes had drifted closed one more. Cold blue met warm and John smiled. "I have a sensitive gag reflex. Do. Not. Move."
John removed the needle more forcefully than was strictly necessary. No. He was not doing this!
There was a female nurse and a female social worker who had a very silent but very real animosity between them. The nurse had made some wrongful accusations against the social worker's husband, and the social worker
"I'll have Mrs. Hudson collect my things in a few days." Sherlock forced himself not to nod in response as he adjusted the strings on his violin and tried it out to make sure it was well tuned. It always was, of course.
He didn't sigh like some love besotted teenager…but idling his time like this was almost as bad. Even so, he couldn't make himself turn away. Mycroft would know he'd hacked Charing Cross's security cameras and would try, and fail, to restrict Sherlock's access to said cameras. Mycroft would then phone him, and would even come to visit after a time, but those were all consequences for another day.
Sherlock furiously wiped the sweat from his brown as he leaned over the microscope.
John's slow, lazy smile was back. "The rest is just details then," the alpha assured him, giving his hands a squeeze.
Greg and Mycroft had been a couple for some time now, but John suspected only their closest friends knew. They were both very discrete. They fit well together, both were highly focused on their career, and both worked in the endless effort to save Sherlock from himself. They seemed happy, and John was glad for them. Slightly resentful of their good fortune at the moment, but glad all the same.
"Not the whole thing," John protested, shoving against Sherlock once more. "But yes, I think I would like to know what happens."
Harry's jaw fell open and she quickly lifted her hands to cover her mouth. "You didn't!"
James took a step forward into John's personal space, forcing John to look up slightly. His face held a soft, cautious smile. "Well, not everyone can be articulate about their feelings, John." James's hand lifted, slowly, hesitating in the air before resting lightly on John's shoulder.
At some point there were fingers, and lube. Sherlock hadn't noticed when John's fingers had entered him, he was in such a haze, but they were most definitely
Thank you to all those who commented, gave kudos to, and/or subscribed/bookmarked this story for their thoughtful and touching reviews/support.
Hadn't he always claimed he would show his father how to run a strong business that hadn't lost its heart? He could do that from the United States of America as well as from the United Kingdom, maybe better since here he would be starting from the ground up. He would work hard, make his own name, and start a family with Jessica. He would reach out to his father every step of the way, and make sure the older man knew that as much as he might have closed himself off, his son still loved him, and wanted him to be part of his life and his family.
Before him stood a smug, slick version of James Moriarty...
To have and to hold
"Sh-Sherlock, fuck!" John cried, arching into Sherlock's mouth. "Do you have lube? O-or condoms?" John doubted that Sherlock would have had these things for sex, but with the amount of varied experiments the man ran, it was worth asking. If they weren't to be found John would definitely need to remedy that… tomorrow.
Sherlock found himself stepping in front of the couple as the approached. The man glowered, his grip tightening on his partner and the woman cowered slightly. Sherlock put on his most approachable smile. "Excuse me, miss. I'm sorry to intrude but I remembered seeing you walking dogs past the building where I live. Do you do so professionally?"
John leaned heavily on his crutch and the handrail as he made his way down the stairs. He'd been woken so many times by Sherlock torturing his instrument; it was nice to hear a well composed song.
Nikki nodded back. "I won't be late," She promised, carefully packing away her instrument. Nikki pulled on a light jacket, hefted her violin's carrying case, and stood on tiptoe to press a kiss to Sherlock's cheek, which he tolerated with reasonable composure. "See you on Thursday," she promised.
After so many long months John was
. She liked John, but she viewed him as taken. She might not know the whole story between himself and John, but she knew enough and was resolved to see them together, a misguided sentiment likely springing from her own status as a widow. This explained the 'Sorry' she had mouthed at him as John pulled her away during their last encounter.
"Where do you keep all that wine?" John asked, peeking into wine glass as though he was directing his question to it.
I know the spacing has been wonky on a few chapters, I hope to be able to clear that up this weekend.
Sherlock softened his face with regret and kept his voice low. "I'm so sorry, I was only thinking of Charlie, the spaniel. He grew up with Mrs. Hudson's nephew and isn't adjusting well to the transition. This young woman handled the dogs she was walking so well, and some socializing might be good for him."
The wind rustled the leaves above his head, but the empty air held no answer for him. Sherlock did not appear behind him, emerging from the very shadows where he may have witnessed John's last speech to him, all those long, lonely years ago."
Greg brought the phone back to his ear. "Sorry about that, Mrs. Miller. Now, when did you say would be a good time for Mycroft and me to meet with you?" There was only silence in response. "Mrs. Miller?" he tried again. Glancing at his phone he found they were no longer connected. More likely than not, she'd simply ended the call. He shrugged. The children were largely smarter than she was anyway, and their grades reflected that fact.
"Tell me about your father, Evelyn," he prompted.
Sherlock's hand's twitched in John's grasp, but he didn't pull away. He looked up at John through his lashes, not quite daring to lift his head. "You've been the only alpha I've ever been...curious about. But that's never been enough to
he'd been to believe Sherlock as he ejected the sedative onto the floor by John's cot, breathlessly explaining his plan. He'd let Sherlock push the needle of the empty syringe into his arm, he'd laid back on his cot, playing at being unconscious until he heard the sounds of the scuffle he knew would come.
Eric nodded, "Of course, I'm sorry it's been a rough week for you."
"Where?"
Sherlock didn't even look up as he replied. "So? You weren't exactly making productive use of it. This might even be good for you. It's already done more for your limp than that overpaid therapist of yours."
One by one Sherlock thoroughly examined the liver, the stomach, the lymph nodes, and the intestines. The signs of the infection that had ravaged Mr. Wallingford in his last days were everywhere, but nothing gave any indication of the source. There was no definitive clue suggesting foul play. There were needle marks, but nothing so far out of place that it couldn't have been from an intravenous line or medication administered through injection. The lack of proof did not rule out foul play either; if it had been easy to spot, Lestrade would have done so.
The night was long and ugly, but not for the reasons John had originally suspected. It wasn't just the massive wreck, it was the sheer amount of patients in general. Some nights in accident and emergency were almost dead, others were bursting at the seams. This would have been a nightmare night even without the wreck. All the gurneys were full, and more had been pulled from storage than John even knew they had. It wasn't any one thing, aside from the wreck. There were the usual mix of stupid accidents, random illnesses, and all manner of other things. There was simply more of it than normal.
"You know them?" John asked, his expression softening.
John jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see Sherlock, fully geared up, still in his nursing scrubs, holding out John's tank to him. John accepted it and somewhat begrudgingly tolerated Sherlock's help in strapping it on.
Greg were waiting for him. Apparently it wasn't good enough that he was working cases again. They were still 'concerned'. His behavior was still altered. They were right about his behavior being altered, but Sherlock still considered their reaction hyperbolic. They wanted to do something, but there was nothing to do. John was gone, and both Sherlock and he were going about their lives.
Once they had all piled into the car, John asked, "So, what are we heading into?"
ways, you mean."
So many people were amazed at his "art of disguise." Sherlock bit back a snort of derisive laughter. Idiots. People paid such superficial attention to each other these days that it hardly took any energy at all. Worn out clothing smeared with dirt and oil, a calculated slump around his hips and shoulders to reduce his height, a dull brown wig which had seen better days, and he looked like any other person sleeping rough. Sherlock barely bothered to smudge dirt on his hands and face, the clothes where almost enough on their own.
John turned to face him, his expression serious. "I'll spoon feed you if you make me."
"Is there anything I can do to help?" Sherlock asked, stepping close to his brother.
John lacked the time and the inclination to try to interpret if Mrs. Hudson was trying to insinuate anything. This was a dead end, time to move on. "I have to get going," John began, "I need to meet Greg at the yard."
They should go, John decided. Maybe Mary was right, and this was something he had to do, but that didn't mean he couldn't walk away. He had every right to. His life had been turned upside down enough. It was time to leave, and this time he wouldn't look back, no matter how sorely he was tempted.
"It's in the center of the financial district," Sherlock replied, tapping on his phone as he ran. "Someone from Mycroft's team is going to meet us there with independent air supplies.
"That would have been a bigger clue if not for the impossibility of the injuries to the body, which I've already covered," Sherlock replied, shifting his gaze to the silent older gentleman. "Your companion, Ilia, has done a remarkable job of disguising his accent. So much so, that I only suspected him to be Russian. I could not, however accomplish anything last night with your husband so determined to hide. Without being sure of where he was—I'm assuming he used gloves to enter his little compartment as I saw no fingerprints—I would risk the chance of him escaping while I attempted to force him out of hiding. I surmise that he assumed the idea of a suicide would eliminate the chance of DNA testing. Leveling that threat, in a controlled environment where he would most likely hear me seemed to be the best chance of getting him to reveal himself."
John made himself smile and nod. "Thank you for thinking of me." He paused a moment and licked his lips before speaking again, trying not to sound as anxious as he was. Thankfully being a solider, as well as Sherlock's…flatmate had more than prepared him to keep a cool head under pressure. "Have you seen Sherlock?"
Sherlock didn't protest; in fact, John could feel him smiling into his hair.  This was the first time John was choosing to fall asleep against Sherlock on purpose without being sick or injured.  He couldn't say exactly what that meant, but it felt good.  That was enough, for now.
The music swelled, seeming to cry out in indignation and disbelief when the truth was finally revealed. As Prince Siegfried ran back to the lake, desperate to make things right, a wild, frantic, almost senseless hope cut through the music, and in that moment, John didn't need his previous understanding of the plot to understand. The longing, the love, and the pleading apology Prince Siegfried offered Odette was clear. The man threw himself at Odette's feet, and while at first she resisted, she could not turn him away.
John's hands stole over his forehead, behind his neck, and under his jaw, feeling the natural, healthy temperature in his skin and lymph nodes that, while still swollen, no longer seemed to illicit pain when touched. "I'm fine," Sherlock repeated, his lips quirking upwards at his flatmate's foolishness.
John stared after him, appalled at the arrogance and contempt with which he and his sister's case had been treated. ...Still... He glanced down at the check in his hands. He had gotten what he came for, enough to get his sister some help. For that help, he'd have been willing to do something a great deal more distasteful than being viciously insulted by a man he would never see again.
Sherlock leaned forward, pinning Mr. Murphy with his gaze. "No, but I am, as you have seen, extraordinarily observant. All I'm interested in investigating is the death of Mr. Wallingford, but I will investigate and...expose other matters if that's what it takes to get the cooperation I need." He allowed a slow, cruel smile to creep over his features as he watch Murphy begin to sweat.
"That's fantastic news, congratulations!" Surgery, and the screws and steel plates that would likely be inserted during said surgery, had a much higher chance of affecting Nikki's range of motion and dexterity, and although there were work-arounds, John was pleased Nikki may not have to contend with them.
I could think of to get through to her. I caught her one day, just after she'd gone to speak to the Yard."
"No."
"Hell if I know," John replied, fighting the inappropriate urge to laugh. There was something amusing and, if he were honest, a bit endearing about Sherlock's single-minded determination. If only he wouldn't ruin the impression by opening his mouth.
John chuckled to himself, smiling fondly at the inanimate paper.
! The family requested the autopsy, and I'm not about to let you interrupt it." Lestrade fixed him with a firm expression that he could only have picked up from Mycroft. "You'll get your turn
John bracketing her hand between both of his, and squeezed back. "Thank you." He didn't know why Mary was so patient or so unflappable, but he was very grateful.
"Well I seem to remember an Irish proverb that there are few things a stiff drink, a good laugh, and a long sleep can't help. Of course some people take the drinking thing a tad too far."
Sherlock could see the shorter man's jaw clench at that realization. He fought a smirk as he observed that if John clenched his jaw any tighter, he'd risk chipping a tooth. John certainly didn't want to give any ground in this moral argument, but neither was he willing to needlessly endanger the lives of others to prove a point. Pity, that.
There was another long moment of mutual glowering before Sherlock whirled around and strode out of the room. John stood, nodded at Miss. Williams and murmured, "Thank you for meeting with us."
1982-2017
"Of course now," Sherlock snapped, "waiting only increases the chances of evidence contamination!" He was out the door and running down the steps in a sudden whirlwind of energy.
weight and the bruises under his eyes made it look like he'd been in a fight." He swallowed, then looked up to meet James's steady gaze. "I'm starting to think he's working a case he's not telling me about."
Sherlock was silent for a moment, struggling with himself. They were
This turned out to be the bathroom.
. After Johnny had, somehow, managed to get the money... it was a lot of money too, more than she thought they'd ever have...
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he strode towards their front door, snatching his Belstaff from a stand nearby. "If you would only
A woman in her thirties stopped under a street lamp and talked with her husband, the matching rings gave them away. The rings were spotless, so it was a happy marriage. It was cold but she had her coat unbuttoned, providing a glimpse of her ample bosom that swelled almost over her sweater. Her jeans where designer and would fit her perfectly, if the first button wasn't unbuttoned. Her sweater covered her waist, but Sherlock could tell she had one button undone because of the pattern of the stitching of her jeans was just slightly misaligned. She wore comfortable winter boots but kept shifting from foot to foot as though pained or anxious. No anxiety was evident on her face, only joy. Discomfort, swollen feet most likely, caused her fidgeting then: she was pregnant.
There was a tension in his shoulders and a notable twitch under his left eye in the days preceding his surgery, and just after his recovery. Mr. Wallingford had something weighing heavy on his mind in his last days, and whatever it was, it was big. This was evident for two prominent reasons. First there was the palpable deterioration of his mental status; a man who ran a multi-billion pound business, who came from a family of dedicated businessmen, did not panic lightly. Next was the duration of his symptoms. The anxiety that had later turned to panic first began to etch itself in Mr. Wallingford's features a year prior to his death. The symptoms of his growing heart condition, which had been building for well over a decade based on progression, were there alongside the growing anxiety, but Sherlock was easily able to distinguish one from the other.
"I'm not seeking love either," John murmured, slowly releasing Mary's hand, "and in my case I think I should be avoiding it."
Mary raised a delicate blond eyebrow at him. The expression reminded him just enough of Sherlock that John had to look away for a moment.
John, who had moved to stand beside Sherlock, bit back a sharp laugh. Kindness and Sherlock Holmes had nothing to do with one-another.
Mary threaded one of her arms under John's good shoulder, wrapping it around the front and using that leverage in tandem with pressure from the heel of her other hand along his trapezius. John moaned softly, tipping his head forward towards his chest, and Mary smiled. "Neat trick, huh?"
John wrenched his hand out of Sherlock's grip and stood in a violent rush, knocking over the chair he'd been using just moments ago. "
The audience quieted, the lights dimmed, and the music began. The first violin note to cut the air was haunting and poignant, as if warning of the often tragic ending to this story. The instrument was not alone for long, slowly other's joined, and the orchestra began to swell with music.
the words as much as he heard them.
It would be easier in many ways to continue as he had before, to push past this monumental turning point and just keep going... except...
"What would you like to hear?"
Sherlock had given a wry smile and shook his head. "
Sherlock reached forward and cupped John's face with trembling fingers, all his resolve to keep John at a distance had crumbled away the moment John had reached out to him at the funeral. It might not be what was best for John, but Sherlock had no strength left to resist, not when John was right
him not to drink!" She muttered, tears pooling in the corner of her eyes. Not tears of physical pain, but emotional.
bit down.
opportunity to bend John to his will? John swallowed thickly and snatched the paper out of Sherlock's hands, his good mood evaporating. If had been foolish of him to forget, even for a moment, whom he was really dealing with.
Once they were seated, programs in hand, Mary leaned towards John and spoke again. "You seem very happy. Do you have a secret passion for the ballet I haven't heard about?"
"Why haven't you taken this to the Yard?" John asked, alarmed. This seemed more straightforward than many of their previous cases.
Alex rushed forward, lifter her arm over his shoulders and wrapping his other arm around her wait. "Let's get you to the hospital," he said calmly, although his hands were already shaking.
Peter!" Ilia insisted, backing away and throwing his hands into the air. "Have you lost your senses!"
When he felt like he could speak again, John pulled away and murmured. "We still need to cut the cord, and deliver the placenta."
His wife jerked in his arms, attempting to elbow him in the ribs. "See if that happens again anytime soon," she muttered sourly.
Unwilling to delve any further into that line of thinking, John scrolled through his contacts until he saw Greg's name. Greg had sent John scores of texts and calls since his separation from Sherlock, and
"Something like that," Marcus murmured back. His hand slipping forward to cover John's. "My career's too demanding for me to commit to more than one night."
"This was an attack, John. The timing is too convenient. Someone met you or saw you working at Charing Cross and they knew someone was on to them, because..." Sherlock paused and swallowed again. "because of my connection with you."
The ex-army doctor grimaced; displeased that he was so easy to read. Of course Sherlock could read him no matter what, but that was Sherlock. He must really be losing his poker face if James could read him so easily. "It's Sherlock," he said quietly, glad that they seemed to be the only two around at present.
information he was looking for, the information that would allow him to have his answers about Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson had spoken calmly, her voice as chipper and friendly as ever, but Sherlock knew she would take more drastic measures if he didn't comply. Mrs. Hudson was stubborn and had the potential to be much more forceful than most people realized. Sherlock had always liked that about her. It was that very resilience that had sustained her as his landlady all these years.
They ate in companionable silence for a while, for neither was fond of idle chit chat. Still, it was a surprisingly pleasant dinner.
you try to be independent. How many times have you asked me to fetch your phone when both your arms were in
rid himself of it. That might be why it had taken him so long to admit the truth to himself in the first place. The depth of the love he felt came with the knowledge that he was utterly defenseless against Sherlock and the blow that had been struck was devastating.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
"You don't need to pay. This is my habit, and I support it."
Sherlock sighed softly, drawing back the covers and venturing forth into the sitting room. John met him part way with a plate in each hand, tea was already sitting on the low table by the sofa. John smiled warmly, leaning forward to press a gentle kiss to Sherlock's mouth.
They shared a meaningful look, and John wondered if Marcus's heart wasn't as spoken for as his own was.
"I'm going to let your mistake go
The awkward silence which followed stung. Greg had Molly. Mycroft had his work, and probably Anthea too. While John,...John had his memories. Not that he was bitter about it. Nope, not bitter. His friends deserved to be happy.
Mr. Walker's politician's smile was back again. "Mr. Homes, you have been very kind to Ms. Carter. But this...arrangement is really unusual enough. I have plenty of talented musicians in this company. It would be no problem what-so-ever to find someone for Nikki's seat."
John snorted in smug amusement, pleased that he'd repaid Sherlock some of the frustration the world's only consulting detective had caused him.
When he made it to Tesco's John was not surprised to find that they did
With an ineffectual shrug, Sherlock swept into the restaurant proper, leaving John to hurry after him. John was focused on taking deep, even breaths when the restaurant owner, whom John recognized from previous visits, appeared to seat them.
A big thank you to all those who have left comments, bookmarked, and or subscribed to this story!  Your support means a lot to me.
"Precisely," John agreed.
that when he's working he feels no cravings, but when he's not working he needs something to relieve the tedium."
Unfortunately, it was also a reason to call his brother...
me since early this morning, so it's all sort of blended together."
~*~*~*~
"I don't know, probably. For the moment anyway." John covered his mouth with his hand for a moment and cursed again. "I've got to warn her. He has no qualms about manipulating people when he's working a case. I've seen him do it, he's absolutely ruthless." John was starting to pace now. "Once he's gotten whatever he wants, he'll just walk away."
he hadn't been dating these past few years. "I'm sorry, James. My life is so chaotic now that I wouldn't be good for
Mary's face softened as she looked up at John. "It's not easy, losing someone you love."
Hours passed in a state vaguely better than general tedium, that is to say Mrs. Hudson's walls were safe for the moment, but there were no new leads. Sherlock clicked through the electronic database of present employees, scanning names, interview questions and responses, psychological evaluations (if they were present), and other personal information.
Greg growled softly in his throat, turning away from his insufferable companion. After a lengthy moment of silence, he continued, addressing himself more to John than to anyone else. "The wife
was what had finally given Sherlock pause. He hated working cases for his brother, they were too restricting, and his brother did not make idle threats.
Sherlock was waiting for him, lounging in his usual chair by the fireplace. "Ah, John, at last. While you were gallivanting around town with you secret lover, Mr. Miller, here could hardly shut up about his own."
They clambered into the cab and John had
Due to a burst water pipe, the venue for this very Gala was only recently moved to the same building the document had been stolen from. Decoration and planning had forced large sections of the building to be shut down, and the rest of the building to be overrun with extra staff who were working hard to ensure the Gala was not delayed. These fevered preparations had begun the same morning the trade agreement had been reported missing.
John winced as he made a slow turn around the living room. He was exhausted. He wanted nothing more than to climb the steps to his room and sink into sweet oblivion. His leg, unfortunately, had different ideas.
When he'd finished, John surveyed the items once more before gathering them up and heading back down the stairs. He left the light in his room on. The light trailing after him down the stairs shouldn't affect Sherlock much because it would be so dim in the living room, but it would give John some additional light to see by.
Normally Sherlock droned out such noise and let someone else deal with the fallout, but Mr. Werner was a typical thick-headed alpha male and he had just issued a challenge. If Sherlock ignored him, which was more than tempting, he likely
"I didn't find anything immediately promising," Mary explained, "So I targeted the hospital's purchase orders, looking for any irregularities. We know he killed Emily Rowley with Morphine labeled as Narcan. Mostly likely he took several bottles of Morphine from the hospital's supplies and relabeled them himself. It's easy and not likely to be noticed since medication errors plague every hospital. We don't know what he used to kill his other victims, but odds are it was something similar."
His smile widened at the thought and he nodded at a passing orderly who waved back at him with an answering smile. It had taken him a very long time to feel joy because of other people's pain, but now it was the only joy left to him. The foolish, reckless boy he had been was irreparably broken by the complete destruction of everything he had ever cared about. He had railed against it, had fought every step of the way to keep some scrap of hope, connection, love, but they had all been taken from him, and those that had at one time crushed him with no more thought than one would take in crushing an insect had already begun to feel the effects of their actions.
Thank you to everyone who left thoughtful and encouraging reviews! Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
other ways to go about this, John, but if we do things
A rueful smile spread over John's lips as he thought of his sister. "True enough."
"Let's, "John agreed, submitting his notes and shutting down the computer for the night. As they made their way down the street, side by side, John saw Mary lift her hand to cover a yawn, a gesture which illuminated her wedding ring in the light of a passing car. It flashed brilliantly, but when the glare receded, John saw it held no jewels. The sparkle came from intricate etchings in the otherwise plain band. It was thicker than most women's wedding bands, which enhanced the effect of the etchings.
Sherlock's jaw muscles tensed and relaxed, fruitlessly trying to get his mouth to respond.
"I read your name beneath your portrait in the hall," Sherlock clarified. "It really doesn't do you justice."
John had just set the kettle on to boil when Sherlock spoke.
you agree, I will bond with you. I
Mycroft was still an ass, but John wasn't so angry that he couldn't see Mycroft had tried to make Sherlock's painful absence and return as easy as he was able to. Their meeting at the cemetery had been traumatic, but John did believe Mycroft when he'd said it was to prevent an actual hospitalization, and quicken his reunion with Sherlock. That didn't mean he couldn't threaten the British Government.
They sat together in a comfortable silence, enjoying their food. John even closed his eyes and leaned back into the bench, reveling in the quiet company.
~*~*~*~
John nodded and shrugged back into his shirt. "Thank you."
"I need Narcan, point four milligrams!" John called over his shoulder to Janet, a nurse who had joined them by the gurney. The gurney was lowered and Eric moved to take over compressions. Another nurse, Kevin, hovered nearby until Eric paused in compressions so that the patient could be intubated. Eric was technically John's supervisor, but John had already taken control of the team, and it wasn't unusual for a supervisee to be in command during an emergency, when there wasn't time to define roles. It would only waste time to argue about rank. Every resident was drilled in protocols, and following the doctor taking lead, unless said doctors' orders could cause medical harm, was one of those protocols.
and I need you to find answers, not waste your time questioning the victims!"
John has good intentions.  Sherlock doesn't.  Things are about to get interesting.
force you to live a life you can't tolerate."
Frederick folded his hands patiently in front of him and continued to drone on, as if speaking to a child. "I understand this is difficult to accept, but-" This time Frederick cut himself off as John stepped menacingly into his personal space.
John snorted with laughter at the thought. "God I think I'd like to see that. He'd argue the regular cast right off the set, criticizing them as well. It's a pity they don't make them anymore."
But, Harry... In the lab at St. Bart's he had said,
knew what other people tried to hide. But John had thought… He'd never acted on his feelings. Sherlock had made it very clear from the beginning that he was not interested in love. John hadn't been either, at least at first. He'd seen plenty of women, but they'd all come to the same conclusion.
A rueful smile played across Sherlock's lips for a moment. Moriarty had tried, but in the end Sherlock had been his own worst enemy.
"You can't fix this, John." The words sounded quiet, even to his own ears, but Sherlock still heard a tell-tale squeak from the floors when John stopped mid-step.
"Sherlock, that's not the-"
John slipped his arms around the warm body sprawled out against him and smiled. He nuzzled his face into his companion's shoulder and yawned, breathing in their sent. He jolted slightly when he recognized Sherlock's cologne, and the night before came rushing back to him.
Sherlock braced John's foot against his shoulder and leaned down, working the rest of the leg muscles with his hands. "Relax, John, let me in."
There was a long moment of silence and shared glances before Sherlock shifted and withdrew his arm from John's grasp.
, too much like old times to question. This was exactly what he didn't need, and why he'd been so hesitant to come to Sherlock in the first place. John took a steadying breath even as he felt his chest tighten. One thing at a time. He had to stay focused on the case. Perhaps Sherlock felt his detainment was related, and that's why he'd been concerned about John's safety.
John opened the door and stepped inside. Eric's face brightened when he saw him. "John! Good to see you! I'm so sorry about that investigation. I'm glad it cleared up, I thought the charges were ludicrous. I'm still not sure where it came from, there's only so much human resources can tell me."
"The table? Can you set the table?" Mary clarified. "This will be done soon, but if I walk away from it, it will burn."
When, at last, the final curtain had fallen, and they were languidly making their way through the crowd, John couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock had purchased tickets for this performance because it was the most convenient, or if he had also considered the plot. It
James nodded slowly. "One day at a time is good advice for anyone. Especially when they're in a difficult situation."
"I need you to find a talented violinist, someone to play at the Royal Opera House for at least a few weeks. I have a new case that will interfere with some of my other arrangements.
"You won't stay that way for long with the mountains in the area," John replied, still glowering at Eva and Frederick as they bent over the computer.
One of the stern faced orderlies nodded at Sherlock as he approached. "Evening Doctor, glad you could make it on such short notice."
"Nope, never," John insisted, even as Sherlock's feet made contact with the ground once more.
Sherlock scoffed, but Lestrade pressed on, "I mean it, Sherlock. Mr. Murphy could have forced you out of that room. I'm surprised he didn't try. You know it was two in the morning when you called right?"
thing in my personal life that's not office gossip."
"Oh, he's not as bad as he seems at first," Mrs. Hudson assured him, placing the watering can on the steps for a moment before straightening to rest a hand on John's arm. "He never lets anyone get that close to him. He must have seen something really special in you, to invite you to move in with him."
John stepped forward, gravel crunching under his shoes. It had been three years, but he still remembered the way. The church, the gravestones, and the trees seemed to bleed into the background as John drew closer to a simple black memorial with only a name.
"How do you expect to protect them after tonight?" Sherlock asked, raising his arms to indicate the scene around them. "This is a public spectacle now, he has been questioned, humiliated. Do you
Marcus was undeterred as his other hand slid up John's thigh and over his hip. "No?"
John bit back a snort of self derisive laughter and shook his head at himself. He was gushing romantic sentiment like a hormonal teenager... and he was being honest.
just a name. He still considered himself part of the Watson family, just as the Langley children were now, arguably, part of the Lestrade and Holmes families.
James nodded in understanding, his soft brown eyes gazing steadily into John's. "Everyone always says that love finds you, particularly when you aren't ready for it."
talk, and this way they'll talk about the tea and not assume anything else."
The ex-army doctor jolted and rushed forward, barreling through the crowd. John could hear sirens coming, and people were shouting or running, but John did not lose focus. He knelt beside the coffin while Sherlock maneuvered himself between his blogger and the guards who were still trying to restrain them both.
John sat down and shot James a sly sideways glance. "You brought the water, right?"
John shifted his gaze back to Mary and started. She looked
Mary smiled and accepted the compact back while John refastened his collar and tied his tie. "You're welcome. I've learned more than a few tricks in my time. Anything else I can help you with, Dr. Watson?"
Mary brought out a pan and spread a little oil inside while John began chopping. Once the vegetables were chopped and the Salmon was finishing in the oven, Mary had another hot pan ready for sautéing. John helped her scoop the vegetables into the pan before she shooed him off. "I have it from here. Go wash your hands and check out the other bedroom."
Sherlock had growled in frustration and pushed away from his microscope. "
Sherlock's voice was barely above a whisper, so the patient had to lean in slightly to hear him. "I tried," the patient whispered back, his eyes filling with tears.
Sherlock had fought John, about the eating, the sleeping, and especially about anything sentimental, but at the same time he'd been grateful for it. Sentiment had never been easy for Sherlock, especially now. John had seen that, and acknowledged the sentiments Sherlock did have, even if he would never admit them.
make this worse than it already is!" Lestrade growled, dragging Sherlock towards his car. "I owe you for your help in the past, but God help me, I have no idea what I'm going to do about this, or if I should even help you!"
John nodded. "I'm fine."
"What did he say?"
Sherlock hadn't realized he had done so, but as he blinked them open again he knew it must be true. He licked his lips and frowned. He didn't want to go, he didn't want to leave John. Foolish thought, it should be his work he thought of, not some man he'd known less than a year, but... "John..."
Susan looked doubtfully from Ilia, to Sherlock, to Greg. "Is this man an officer?" She asked, indicating Sherlock.
His landlady smiled warmly and stepped into the flat, reaching out to place a hand on John's arm. "Sherlock told me about your sister. How is she doing?" Mrs. Hudson's eyebrows furrowed in concern as she spoke.
"You're welcome," John replied. "Thank you for calling me."
Somehow, they must have clamored up the stairs, John felt himself being laid down on a bed. Sherlock's bed, it had to be, it smelled like him.
The symptoms did ebb and flow in a way Sherlock had given up trying to understand. Sometimes it was almost easy to ignore but other times, and more often recently, everything hurt and burned and ached making each breath an agonizing distraction.
John's chest tightened and he called out again. "Sherlock?" He wouldn't be at all surprised if there was some secret passage or room that his wayward flatmate had failed to inform him off. John waited, counting the seconds…nothing. He sighed and slumped against the doorframe of Sherlock's bedroom, running a hand over his face.
Eva, who had been walking beside Harry and who had gone mostly unnoticed by John until now, stepped forward with a deep frown. "Is that so, Frederick?" He voice, like John's was low and even, but something in the undercurrent of her turn caused Frederick to jump.
John knew he could never have Sherlock's heart, not the way Sherlock had his. He had fantasized about being with Sherlock, coming together in a more intimate way, but he knew it was all in his head. Any miracle or compromise he thought of wasn't the reality that was before him. He couldn't have Sherlock's heart as a lover, but he hoped to have it as a friend. That was probably when it all started: the moment John realized that Sherlock and inexplicably become his closest friend.
Mrs. Wallingford's eyes watered again. "The world's come to such sorry state, hasn't it? We can't trust our doctors, our friends, our neighbors..." She trailed off but the idea of being unable to trust one's spouse was heavily implied.
John's eyebrow arched towards his hairline as the waiter complimented Sherlock's taste and turned away. "Come here often?"
John leapt up the steps, and rushed into the flat. For a moment, relief flooded his system, because the door was open. "Sherlock?" he cried out, scanning the living room, kitchen , and bathroom, before bursting unceremoniously into Sherlock's bedroom. They were all devoid of the world's only consulting detective.
"Did you call him?"
Sherlock shrugged. "Because it's quite pointless, and she's already started planning."
"You're welcome," John replied, standing and walking around the table. He paused at Tim's shoulder and said, "I do hope you continue, I think you have the makings of an excellent pediatrician, should you want to be one."
Sherlock held John's gaze impassively while his mind whirled with activity. He wanted to... God, did he want to. He couldn't remember the last time he had wanted to confide in someone. John made it too damned easy. Somehow he managed to thrive, even enjoy the chaos that was Sherlock's life, and he remained so steady at the same time. After everything that Sherlock had done to make him miserable, and Sherlock had implemented a great many methods, John didn't hate him. He had, at first, but now...John cared.
Sherlock chuckled softly and John glared at him though the gaps in his fingers. "I'm glad I amuse you so much," he murmured wryly.
"I'm glad Nikki was able to get some time away from the orchestra," John mused. "She's normally so busy."
John let out a slow sigh, nodding silently to himself. He really did believe they deserved to be happy...
idea how much cleanup work you left us?"
John rolled his eyes and reached forward to lift the phone out of Sherlock's pocket, trying to ignore the heat he could feel radiating off of Sherlock's body. "
Sherlock sat beside the body, leaving the chest cavity exposed, his hands pressed together just in front of his chin and he began meticulously reviewing the data he had gathered thus far. It would be foolish to miss anything, and he had a feeling there was
Sherlock nodded. "They're just in the loo closet. I'll get them."
"True enough," Mary agreed. There was a brief pause before she added. "Do you want to grab food out tonight?"
the cases he missed. His chest tightened and he found himself looking down at the table top. He was trying
John studied the board a moment, then moved a pawn. He was trying, and he thought he had improved. The chess games between them had become almost as regular as John's enforced dinners... There were still cases, but...something was different. John couldn't quite place his finger on it. The pacing of the cases felt off, and Sherlock seemed to attack the cases he did take with a different kind of focus. He was still brilliant, John doubted that would ever change, but something was off, and it made him uneasy.
John smiled a bit ruefully. "Yeah. Thought I was passed all this..." His throat felt tight again. Suddenly desperate for a change of subject he asked, "How's Greg doing?"
" he had asked.
Lestrade continued to call after Sherlock, but Sherlock didn't turn his gaze away from John.
Sherlock lifted his eyes again, surprised. There were a handful of responses that he'd been expecting, but this wasn't one of them... then again, John Watson was always managing to surprise him.
," he snarled, without bothering to turn around. He'd just leaned forward to continue his progression towards his microscope, and the notes beside it, when the voice came again.
"Would this coming Saturday be alright?" John asked. "I don't want to disrupt your schedule."
~*~*~*~
was when Harry had really gone off the deep end. Her ex-wife wasn't even speaking to her anymore. Without John's efforts she would be truly
Sherlock nodded, his smile spreading into a grin. "It arrived just this morning, sooner than I had expected. I'm hoping it can help settle something between us."
Thankfully the intermission offered a reprieve from such dark thoughts. John stood and walked with Mary, getting some air and repeating a silent message to himself that every love story that crossed his path did
John paused to set his bag down in his room, and then circled back around to the kitchen, pausing in the doorway and smiling at Mary. She was bent over a saucepan reducing a mushroom sauce. She glanced up at him and smiled, her hand never stilling as she stirred the sauce.
! Granted, many of the world's idiots had been insinuating their feelings for each other since they first became flatmates, but it wasn't true in the beginning, so Sherlock had ignored it. He'd never imagined it was a possibility, John
"Nothing," Sherlock replied, turning back to his papers.
"Back off," 'Dan' hissed, jerking out of Sherlock's grip. Sherlock made him fight for the release, while keeping his demeanor calm and unaffected.
"Do you like that?" Sherlock asked.
!" He gestured violently with the papers in his hand. "Do not even
They had never had many quiet evenings at 221B to begin with. John smiled and shook his head as he thought about the beginning of their relationship...arrangement. He never, ever would have believed that he would come to feel at peace here, much less happy...but he was.
John nodded. "He never stops working when he's on a case, he won't sleep or eat for days sometimes."
"So, that's what's happening now?" Harry asked. "You're in pain?"
John nodded. "Yes."
Normally, when he deigned to do something as plebian as to run an errand, it was easy for Sherlock to zone out, to half enter his mind palace and let his transport operate on muscle memory. Today... for the last several days in fact, he just couldn't do it. Everything was muffled, muted, and difficult to concentrate on. It took him ages to find the store, and then ages more to collect the small group of items Mrs. Hudson had sent him for. It could be his body responding to his recent lack of sleep and food, but Sherlock knew that wasn't the only factor at play. His entire system was stalled and he couldn't seem to reset it.
, Mycroft," John insisted, and instantly his hands were free; his feet followed soon after. Getting upright was more of a production than John wanted it to be, but he managed it. When he looked up, Mycroft was reserved and collected once more. "Where is he?" John demanded.
Sherlock jumped when John started shouting, but the ex-army doctor was convinced it was an act.
Laurali and her classmate had both been unharmed. However, their experience had left them exhausted and slightly dehydrated. John pressed the back of his hand gently to the child's forehead and frowned. "You have a bit of a fever. Would you like some more water?" She nodded slowly. John smiled. "I'll go fetch some for you." He turned a suspicious eye on his husband, who currently looked the picture of innocence. "Keep an eye on him for me, will you? We've had enough excitement for one day."
Sherlock wasn't often stunned, but this wouldn't be the first time John's actions had blindsided him... He'd never suspected John would hunt him down and shoot the cabbie for him, but he had...
"Piss off."
"Fine, fine. What do you want, Mr. Holmes?" Mr. Murphy was still standing, and half turned as if he wanted to run, but he knew better.
"See you then," Mary agreed.
John moaned softly as Sherlock's fingers continued to work on him, eventually shifting lower to rub his feet.
John finally looked up and met his friend's gaze. He had the feeling that James was talking about him as much as his sister. It was good advice, especially considering he wouldn't back out of his deal with Sherlock as long as Harry needed the help. And it wasn't as though he hadn't seen Sherlock push the limits on a case before, this was just the first time he'd seen Sherlock look so ill… He didn't like to see his friends suffer.
John nodded, not deterred from his plan in the slightest. "See you this Saturday. Let's say 10:00am?"
~*~*~*~
"Hello," Sherlock murmured, walking up to John and pulling him into his arms.
Sherlock lifted his hand and gestured to her face. "Broken jaw, three years ago. There's a deviation in the line and thickness of the bone indicative of a badly healed break." Sherlock lifted his hand slightly. "They did a better job with the nose, probably because it's more visible, and as a larger aesthetic impact. There's been surgery to restore the nasal passageways and reduce swelling."
he turned he was confronted with reminders of John's absence, and instead of deleting irrelevant details and refocusing, his mind would stutter over a memory and lose its way entirely.
Sherlock began to rub his temples as though he were having a migraine. His tone of voice indicated he felt as though he were explaining something to an exceptionally slow child. "How would you throw a body off a bridge?"
," Sherlock insisted, gesticulating with his right arm. John glared at him and told him to keep still as he began massaging Sherlock's shoulder and arm muscles, trying to ease his shoulder back into place. "As I said, this was the first time any of them had attempted such a crime, and they wanted the perfect alibis. I'm guessing out that the old woman in the coffin was a grandmother or relative to one of them. Her being in poor health probably helped them to conceive of the idea of how to dispose of Miss. Reynolds. What is most likely is that this unfortunate woman did not die quickly enough, or as soon as expected, forcing the conspirators to keep Anna captive until the time was right. After all, who would
Before the security guards could restrain him, Sherlock leapt for the coffin once more, using his left arm to wrench the coffin off its dais. There was a collective gasp as the coffin tumbled to the group, some if its wooden paneling shattering on impact. John watched in horror as his barbaric flatmate violently shoved the body aside and scrabbled at the fractured wood. Security had caught up to him again, and were beginning to pull him away once more. "John! She's still breathing!"
There were more hesitation marks here, and even something that had been scribbled out, as if Alexander had written something before he'd had the chance to think better of it. As much as he squinted, John couldn't make it out. At last he shrugged and read on, finishing the letter:
Mary pursed her lips and nodded once, giving Sherlock's shoulder one last squeeze before she headed towards the door. "See you tomorrow!"
"Thank you," John replied with a fake smile he hoped looked genuine. In this moment he could understand Sherlock's frustration with niceties. Sherlock managed without them, but John wasn't him, and couldn't ever really operate that way. He was just hurting now, and everything was taking a little more effort than normal. It would get better. It had too.
"Try again," Sherlock murmured encouragingly. "If you give it
body parts in his kitchen any longer. It certainly wouldn't be as interesting.
the smile John sent his way before he looked up to confirm it.
John let out a disbelieving huff and pointed an accusatory finger at Sherlock. "You enjoy it too."
"Oh my God, Harry, I'm
"I am," John assured Greg, and it almost wasn't a lie. His brief encounter with Sherlock aside…he was content. His job was interesting without being life threatening, Mary was good company, and there were never any body parts in the kitchen. Everything was fine…
The cab ride home seemed unusually shaky. Or maybe that was him. The final chase of this great case had resulted in John being thrown in the Thames before Sherlock managed to overpower the criminal.
"It's a big hospital," Sherlock replied, unperturbed by her ability to hack his laptop. She could have used Sherlock's own backdoors into the Charing Cross Hospital internal network, but Sherlock suspected she hadn't. According to her profile, her skills with technology were overshadowed only by her remarkable aim with a firearm.
interesting, but it should be enough for your first blog entry. In the meantime I need more work to occupy my mind, and for this experiment, I will need these supplies." Sherlock finished by shaking the list agitatedly at him.
"We'll be home soon.  I'm sure you can guide me through bandaging you ankle."
"Right. This is utter rubbish, and you're a madman," John muttered, shaking his head at the situation, and himself. He had half turned when Sherlock's voice stopped him again.
"He wasn't afraid of anything!" Bryan snapped. "Business has risks, but you manage them,
up for discussion."
John nodded regretfully, his eyes climbing to meet Marcus's gaze. He enjoyed oral sex, pleasing his partner was as important to John as the encounter itself, but oral sex could still transmit STD's and STI's. Marcus was smart to insist on protection.
A young man walked ahead of Sherlock holding the hand of a four year old girl. The girl had sturdy boots, a warm coat, and a pink woolen hat. She skipped beside her guardian, carefree. The young man's clothes were simple but warm. He smiled down at the girl as she looked up and beamed at him. In that shared smile Sherlock knew they were siblings, not father and daughter. The genetic similarities were too consistent. He was her guardian though, probably had custody. That much was obvious in the way he held her hand and looked at her, his expression was part love and part fear. He'd only recently taken on the responsibility, but he was doing a good job. Children that young were terrible liars and she was as carefree as she appeared. Time would tell if she stayed that way long.
"Yes, and how many more will it take to keep them alive? Hm? The numbers don't add up; not in their favor anyway."
true, he'd run enough tests to be absolutely certain, but still… He placed his hand gently over his lower abdomen, a small smile curling at the edge of his lips. He had never expected this.
Sherlock stepped forward and settled into his own chair. He didn't think he was slow, but his movements felt fragile.
they care and how much they are betrayed." John shook his head, looking serious. "I don't think you're a sociopath. I think you just act that way because it feels like it's less of a risk."
The ex-army doctor swallowed hard and forced himself to look down at the papers around them. Sherlock had lost his friend because of his gift, because of his brilliant mind. John knew that the world's only consulting detective had spent several years in the throes of addiction to heroin and cocaine when he was younger. Had that happened right after University? He didn't know many of the details of Sherlock's life, but not for the first time he was struck with how...lonely it seemed.
"So?" Sherlock countered, defiant.
"I think I would've noticed that by now, Sherlock, even without my medical degree."
Part of him had wanted to rebel and push Sherlock away but the emotion, the pain, and
He slipped the needle from his pocket, uncapped it and drew in a sizable amount of air. Then he gathered the patient's intravenous line in one hand and pressed the needle into the medication port. His eyes narrowed in wicked satisfaction as he quickly depressed the plunger and just as quickly plucked out the needle and turned away. The pocket of air had a reasonable distance to travel before it made it through the tubing and into his patient's blood stream, not long, but just long enough for him to make his exit. He capped the needle and slipped it back into his pocket with one hand as he pushed open the door with the other. The hallway was still empty, as planned. His revenge was too important to leave anything to chance. He heard the wailing of the code alarm attached to the patient's monitors just as he slipped inside the stairwell, and his smile widened.
"Oh," John said flatly, not pleased that Mycroft was involved in this whole mess too.
"I seriously doubt," the nobleman began, impetuous, "that he was very free with that kind of information."
"I don't approve of your methods, Mr. Holmes! Why not question us all at once?! My father is
And then Sherlock was kissing him.  The reporters, the flashing lights, all of that vanished for John, obliterated by the feel of soft lips against his.  John pulled Sherlock closer to him, tangling his fingers in thick black curls, and opening his mouth in invitation  Sherlock's warm, wet tongue slid against his, and John moaned into the kiss.  There were no more questions, no more doubts, just Sherlock and him, like it was meant to be.
half as well as you see, John, this would all make perfect sense to you."
"Don't engage in pleasantries," Sherlock chastised him. "They are only a waste of time."
do you see in him?" He did turn to the windows now, glaring threateningly.
His lip curled in disgust. "I found out later that this
John cast his eyes around the apartment, still searching for something he could grasp onto. ...There was nothing...nothing.
Greg waved off John's concern. He was hardly one to judge considering how many work calls he took every day, and neither of them could hold a candle to Mycroft. Greg watched John speak quietly into the phone, a frown spreading over his face, and remembered the looks Rebecca used to give him when the Yard called. His ex had claimed that their marriage had fallen apart because Greg was always working and never made time for her. It wasn't that he hadn't loved her, he just loved his job too. Things were better with Mycroft. They both knew there were no guarantees that a night out or in wouldn't be interrupted, and so they made the best of what moments they did have.
Mottled bruising covered his beautiful face, the bandages and stuttered breathing indicated broken ribs on his right side, his left leg was in a cast up to his knee, and his left wrist was wrapped tightly in an ace bandage-if it wasn't broken it was very badly sprained.
When he at last drew his gaze up to the windows of his flat he sighed, squared his shoulders, and went in.
Mary's smile widened. "You've asked me to call you John before. I think that's a good trait. Too many doctors and officials these days stand on ceremony."
hurts! You try carrying an extra thirty pounds between your hips!"
Sherlock was stooped over his microscope in the kitchen, watching his blood cells on the slide in front of him. The poison he had been infected with was insidious. It functioned, at least in part, like an auto-immune disease. He had long ago given up the idea of trying to find a solution; he
Sherlock arched an elegant eyebrow and murmured, "Kinky."
~*~*~*~
Marcus had been very insightful and responsive in their short time together, but, John felt that fact should hardly be surprising. He'd spoken about working for a family that was heavily involved in politics. Their jobs were difficult, and so would Marcus's. He would need to be responsive to them and their needs, while also helping them navigate the dangerous territory of public opinion which was easily swayed and always in flux. It made sense that he preferred one night stands. It was likely his job didn't allow enough time for him to invest in a relationship as he'd said, but John also suspected Marcus feared what the public eye would do to any relationship he did form... Suddenly Marcus's life sounded very lonely.
be able to fool him?"
John lifted his head and squeezed his eyes shut tight. "
They shared a look bubbling with excitement before they rushed down the stairs like children on holiday, nearly tumbling one after the other in their eagerness to chase down this new clue.
Mr. Walker sputtered angrily, and rushed to get in front of Sherlock, his bruised ego spurring him on. "Are you familiar with Nichole, Mr. Holmes?" Mr. Walker asked, glancing back over his shoulder as they walked.
A delicately gloved hand slid smoothly along his own, connecting him at the elbow to one Molly Hooper. Sherlock suppressed a sigh of irritation. The young morgue assistant worked at St. Bart's hospital. She'd had an appalling crush on him for at least three years. If she hadn't given him unrestricted access to the laboratories and, occasionally, the bodies, he never would have spoken with her. As was, it behooved him to encourage her idiotic flirtation. She was so infatuated it hardly required any effort on his part. A casual smile here, a brush of fingers along the back of her hand there, and she became a very pliant tool. Lately however…
is it connected to the bathroom?"
Sherlock turned to frown at him. "
Sherlock's lips curled in a mocking smile and he slowly shook his head. "My brother might have protected that man before, but he just doesn't have any value anymore. All the information that could've been useful was collected a long time ago. Now he's just a liability and not worth the resources it would take to keep him alive."
? "Well," she continued, "I'd better let you get on your way; no one comes here looking that determined if it isn't serious."
"Sush, most people enjoy a night at the ballet," Sherlock murmured distractedly, casually surveying the crowd around them. The world's only consulting detective had purchased them both tickets to the Royal Ballet's production of Swan Lake. From what John could gather, Sherlock intended to
Warm hands picked up his own and began, gently, to clean them. He'd suffered some minor abrasions in the slide down the side of the building, but that hadn't been important at the time; speed had been paramount. The firm, but gentle fingers pressed a sanitizing solution into his skin that burned where the skin had broken. A cool damp cloth was run carefully and deliberately over each hand, and between the fingers. Whoever was tending to him was thorough. The hands left for a moment, then returned with a soft, dry cloth, pressing insistently into his skin to soak up the excess moisture. This was followed by the gentle application of an ointment, probably a antibiotic ointment, that drain pipe
"This
The keys clattered softly to the floor as Sherlock crossed the short distance between them and covered John's mouth with his hand, his other hand gripping John's arm tightly.
They walked through the door to 221 B together, in a strained silence. John's eyes scanned the flat, taking a moment to really look at it in a way he hadn't last time. It was a mess, but no worse off than when he'd first moved in. John blinked and looked away, refusing to be drawn into any more painful memories. "I assume you have the supplies we need?" John asked, turning to look at Sherlock.
"Isn't that a daily occurrence for you?" Lestrade asked, shifting his weight to one foot and looking unimpressed.
Looking back, John had to agree. They'd barely said two words together to each other the whole time. It had been very comforting, almost cozy working alongside James. He'd like to do it again. "I'll think about it," he conceded, still smiling, "after Harry's back home and settled."
"You're about to hug me," Sherlock muttered, as if pained.
Anna. You've just confessed to stalking and harassing this poor woman." Sherlock tipped his joined hands forwards towards his would-be client. "Don't you think that it's
When he was younger he
John sucked in a quick lungful of air, and forced himself to roll over onto his side. He reached up and ran a hand over his face, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. His heart hammered in his ears as he pulled himself into a sitting position and threw his legs over the side of the bed. John griped the side of his bed tightly and blinked in the dim light of his bedroom. He'd been having a nightmare...
"I don't
"Very well," he said at last, holding up the papers in his hand for John to take. "What do you see here?
Sure the police had fished him out and given him one of those stupid orange blankets, but it was bleeding February.
Just as they'd heard, the house appeared to be empty. Still, Sherlock spent ten minutes examining the parameter to check for any alarms that would cut their search short. He'd paused meaningfully a few times, scanning the rooftop, the bushes, and the trees, but he'd never said anything about what he may or may not have seen.
John straightened the tie of his best suit, checking his work in the mirror. He hadn't worn this particular suit since Sherlock funeral… He'd almost gotten rid of it altogether when he'd started applying for jobs and going on interviews, but he didn't want Sherlock's cruel dismissal to cost him anymore than it already had.
John nodded, "Right, just after I drop this off," he gestured with the empty sharps container.
"That's quite foolish," Sherlock replied softly, a condescending smile playing on his features.
Remembering his manners, John nodded and shook her hand. "Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. My name is John Watson. I apologize for making such a ruckus at your door."
John's mouth dropped open in amazement and he sputtered, "How?"
John's gaze darkened and he took a step forward, backing Sherlock into a wall. He leaned forward, slowly, until his lips brushed Sherlock's ear. "Are you sure?"
John sighed and shook his head emphatically. "Do you always have to be such a massive dickhead?" When he received no response, John looked up into Sherlock's eyes. He didn't like the sadness he read there...
"Pay her," Sherlock repeated. "You're daughter is more cunning than I had reckoned for. She has changed her hiding place and will now, after being jolted in this manner, likely have some
John rand his fingers over the paper of the letter, bemused. Fun. Harry thought John's mad chases around London and being thrown into the thick of it with little or no explanation from Sherlock, not even accounting for the eyes in the freezer or the thumbs in the fridge was
Sherlock's fledgling smile turned into an all-out smirk. "The wait-staff told me. Before you arrived to hear his case directly, Mr. Miller had mentioned that Palmer's was one of Anna's favorite restaurants, how they used to eat there at least twice a month before her possible abduction. After he left it was a simple matter of asking the right people when she would be there. Any staff, especially staff at a posh facility where celebrities or other important persons could be guests, will have someone willing to break client confidentiality for a boost to their income. They typically don't ask questions, so Anna's relative lack of fame was of no consequence. They had her name on their register, and I arranged for tonight's reservations and seating arrangements."
John forced himself to take several deep breaths before asking, "What does all of this, have to do with the case, Sherlock? I need an explanation,
Mycroft let out a tired sigh. "I could have you committed you know."
"The Yard took our phones," John muttered, perplexed.
Sherlock jerked his cold limbs from the ex-army doctor's insistent grasp. "Leave me alone!" he spat. "Everything is
time for that!" Laurali insisted shrilly.
John closed his eyes again as he finished the letter. He focused on feeling the almost insubstantial weight of it in his hands. When they had been flatmates, Sherlock had made such a habit of stealing things from John, especially from his wallet, that the good doctor had developed the uncanny ability to detect if his wallet was thinner or lighter by the absence of a single card. John had made certain to keep this particular skill sharp after Sherlock was gone, and so even the light weight of the letter stood out sharply in his senses. John had kept this skill of his in practice as a way of remembering Sherlock. He had many ways of remembering Sherlock... perhaps he really was obsessed. Still, if he was, there was nothing to be done about it now.
John smiled gratefully. "Thanks, Mike, but I've still got to get Harry situated before I can seriously consider taking up a position. She's not interested in any treatment centers around here, and as is we're going to have to move out of London; my pension only goes so far."
for him.
Sherlock scribbled the check quickly, finished with a flourish, and made to hand it over to John. John reached for it, mildly surprised to find it was made out to
the British Government. I couldn't tell if that was a veiled threat, or if he was just spouting facts at me." He smiled then, almost smugly. "Either way I'm not someone who is easily intimidated."
"Please, have a seat," Mary invited, breaking John out of his momentary reverie.
Sherlock sighed exasperatedly, and glared at John over his shoulder. "You're an invalided solider with a psychosomatic limp; of course you have a therapist."
"Lingering would have only raised suspicion," Sherlock asserted, not bothering to clarify when John looked at him, bewildered. At last John shook his head and stared out the window, surrendering to whatever whim or clue was driving Sherlock to be so cryptic. Entering into a battle of wills with Sherlock, he'd learned the hard way, was only an exercise in frustration.
Something's missing...
Greg smiled. "We're not fighting. We did have a row, but I think Mycroft was worried about the same thing, actually. That whatever's going on between Sherlock and yourself would put strain on us."
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
"John!" Sherlock protested, but he was giggling too. "Put me down!"
John nodded, not bothering to ask how this total stranger knew his sister's name.
John stilled, panting, once he was fully sheathed. "Any pain?" he asked softly, lifting one hand to Sherlock's, interlocking their fingers, and pressing the back of Sherlock's hand into the mattress.
"Duty calls," John muttered, holding up his phone with a chagrined look.
John huffed, irritated by this false modesty. "Of course it was! It was extraordinary!... It was quite extraordinary."
Sherlock stole from the room, and with a small nod and softly spoken, "I'm sorry," John followed him. They were leaving a terrible scene behind them but the ex-army doctor knew better than most that sometimes one had to cause pain in order to heal a greater injury.
The thought made John come to a dead stop. He didn't even realize he'd stopped moving until the orderly turned and looked back at him asking, "Sir? Are you coming?"
John nodded, and smiled ruefully. "I was just thinking that," he admitted.
Not only was he feeling sentiment, and very strong sentiment too, despite all his best efforts to avoid it entirely, but now he was publicly displaying it to the point that benign shop clerks were concerned about him. This was definitely a problem.
they have parading around looks a bit like her, but she is
At length John pulled Marcus up and off with a ragged gasp. John's eyes were closed and his thighs quivered. If he didn't take a step back now he would embarrass himself.
"John," came a raspy reply as Sherlock parted his chapped lips and raised his hands to embrace his doctor.
Sherlock turned his gaze back to the bottle because it was easier to look at it then John's tumultuous expression. This would be upsetting to John. It was already upsetting to Sherlock, they'd lost so much time… "There's always something," Sherlock murmured, turning the bottle over in his hands.
"I have been contracted for a very important case," Sherlock explained, irritated at having to repeat himself. "There will be a replacement here for me tomorrow, and for as long as I need to be away.
His final case... Sherlock felt like he was gaining ground some days, and treading water on others. This unseen villain, this... spider, had perfected the art of being invisible. There were always so many minions at play, the grand opera of London crime in motion, that it had been difficult to even begin to know there was a conductor. Sherlock had been picking at the web of this spider long before John's arrival in his life, hoping it would lead him to the source. Now, he wondered if it might not be faster to let the spider find him. He had only three months left...
A cruel smirk twisted on Sherlock's lips. He could see his brother, milling with the movers and shakers of the world, careful to always stay on the sidelines. He may be a consulting detective, but Mycroft was a consulting politician. He'd been the real power behind the British Government for... seven years now…or was it eight? He never made a point of keeping useless facts in his brain. It didn't matter. His quarry was in sight, and all he needed to do was wait…
There was a long pause, and John's gut twisted with unease. He didn't want Greg to pry, even though John's abrupt departure and complete lack of communication somewhat warranted an explanation, especially since Greg had become a good friend over the years.
"I hope I didn't disturb you when I called your secretary last night," Sherlock replied, leaning back in his chair.
: A Fool and His Case
been a bit too long since he'd last eaten. It was good. John sat beside him, laughing reluctantly at the ongoing commentary.
John watched him go for a moment before turning away, his hands braced in his pockets to keep them warm. This was the first time since he met James that he had felt uneasy in his presence, and was eager to get away. John tried to shrug it off as the awkwardness he had excepted during this conversation, but a creeping suspicion lingered all the way home.
"It was okay," John replied, his voice thick for a moment. "The gravestone turned out well."
The transition from slack, lolling muscles, to coiling activity was so rapid that John nearly jumped off the sofa in surprise. "Sherlock!" He cried, trying, and mostly failing, to hold down his suddenly flailing flatmate. "What's wrong?!"
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and sighed loudly. A ghost story. True he'd seen many supposed ghost stories turn into memorable cases, but most of the time they were the ravings of lonely and paranoid people... He
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story! You're support is much appreciated. ^_^ Also we're a little over halfway now. I have nineteen chapters planned, with maybe an epilogue, haven't decided. I hope you enjoy this week's update!
tea."
the surgery, but splitting ones time between multiple positions could be tricky, and as much as he needed to stay busy, he needed some stability in his life. With resignation and some small amount of trepidation, John had updated his resume, and begun searching for open positions.
Sherlock sighed, glanced around him for a moment, then looked back at his new phone. He should be getting close now. If his memory served him well, which it often did, there should be an offshoot tunnel nearby that had been used for ventilation...
Sherlock's feet hit cold, water and slipped on the tile, a misstep compounded by the tiny shards of ceramic, leftovers from a broken mug which also littered the floor. Sherlock cursed softly as his ankle twisted under him, but he kept his balance. Gingerly, he set his laptop down on the table and bent to mop up the water; an electrical short would only result in more wasted time.
"Every rose has it's thorns..." he mused quietly to himself, and knew he had his answer. Whatever Sherlock had felt, John had found an unexpected home in 221 B, and he wasn't giving it up without a fight.
"Right, so, revenge," John interjected, drawing the gazes of Mary and Sherlock back to him "Let's start going through files then. I can pop back to the flat to get my laptop." John stood, but stilled, when Sherlock and Mary shared a knowing look. "What? Going through profiles is the next step." John looked at Sherlock with an accusing glare. "You said so yourself."
Sherlock and John nodded in agreement. Greg and Mycroft would be in the master suite. Kaite and her husband Paul would take up one of the two guest bedrooms. Nikki and her wife Samantha probably took up the other spare room. Cori, who was always the most flexible, had most likely claimed a sofa to camp out on.
James looked guiltily away and shrugged. "Well, you do talk about him a lot."
good news, even if it was not his own. "You've wanted your own practice since we were back in med school together!"
"Right," their client began, leaning forward in his chair and eyeing them both in an eager, desperate manner. "A dear friend of mine, Anna Reynolds, has gone missing. I haven't seen her in almost three weeks."
He'd seen Mycroft a few weeks later, just before John had agreed to move back into 221 B. Mycroft had made a habit of sporadic visits before John had been a part of his life, and he had resumed them in that brief interval where John had left his life. At that moment in time, however, the visit had not rankled as much as the tired look in Mycroft's eyes. Sherlock had always made a point of railing against sentiment, while Mycroft simply never mentioned it, as if the notion didn't exist in his world beyond being a tactical disadvantage… and yet…
Once the doors of the elevator had fully shut, Marcus turned to face John. "I know the front desk holding our valuables might seem excessive, but-"
"You can't hide out in here forever, you know."
, I have the delivery. Did you think I would leave it in the truck? Honestly, Mike…"
Sherlock grunted and jerked his arm around and down sharply onto Mr. Werner's outstretched arms. The grip waivered but didn't break; Mr. Werner was stronger than Sherlock had originally surmised. Sherlock jerked his arm straight, driving his fist backwards into Mr. Werner's nose. There was a satisfying cracking sound, and Mr. Werner's grip relaxed enough for Sherlock to stumble out of it, directly into John's waiting arms.
His first heat had gone...badly. Not as badly as it did from some omegas, but bad enough. The thought of what
Disgusted with his lack of results Sherlock attempted to rise to his feet and search another area. His limbs, however, were too cold and stiff to support his weight, and he stumbled, finally toppling onto floor, cracking the back of his head loudly against the coffee table. Sherlock sucked in a breath and curled into a ball, clutching his skull. He'd suffered far worse injuries without flinching, but this kind of pain had some...powerful associations.
Sherlock had gone through great lengths never to fall in love. He didn't need the complication, didn't want to be that vulnerable, and it didn't matter. He'd fallen in love with John Watson anyway. Loving didn't change a person though. He was still the world's only consulting detective, still played the violin at all hours, he would never stop running experiments, and would probably run cases until they were the death of him.
John glanced at his pint which was still mostly intact, then back at the stranger and nodded. "Sure."
"He's in a bad way at present," Mycroft began, "but I assure you, he will recover." The hint of a smirk ghosted over Mycroft's lips. "I believe you made requests to meet him once he was returned? I even remember an offer to provide medical services, should they be required."
A flurry of footsteps behind him announced the arrival of Mr. Werner, Lestrade, and John.
Sherlock perked up, his tea, and his experiment, forgotten. "Case?" Lestrade wasn't lying about the media circus. His dismissive tone was part of a reverse psychology ploy he'd attempted in most of his recent cases. Naturally, the ploy had utterly failed in its purpose. Sherlock was
"We're in hospital," Sherlock observed, moving his head slowly to prevent the room from spinning.
John's connection with Alexander was only tenuous, or at least it should be. Still, the idea of it growing cold and silent made John shudder and push the thought away. It was true that when John gave his loyalty, he gave it completely. Some part of him wondered if Mycroft's earlier admonishments held weight. Did he give his own loyalty
Susan covered her mouth with her hands to stifle a pained whimper and Ilia paled considerably, his anger giving way to a palpable grief.
It was supposed to be simple, over and done with and back to normal…but it wasn't…
"He really did," John confirmed, "With my gun no less; he shot a smiley face into Mrs. Hudson's wallpaper."
For just a moment, Sherlock thought their escape would be seamless. The kidnappers, however, were organized, and their absence was noticed not half a minute later. Sherlock had immediately volunteered Laurali as bait, running through the maze of hallways to distract the kidnappers while he brought Elzbieta outside. Laurali was smart and quick on her feet. It wasn't long before she had her captors chasing their tails.
John had looked up at Sherlock through the fingers of his hands, which covered his face. At length he sighed and dropped his hands. "
Resolved on his course of action, Sherlock began reviewing Charing Cross's employees. His leads had been so few that he wanted to be as thorough as possible. Any senior employee was suspect as they would have had more time to develop a grudge or vendetta against Charing Cross. Likewise the newer employees required review because, at least in the case of Mr. Wallingford, the possible nefarious actions were scarcely three months old. Senior employee or recent hire, Sherlock examined every file, practicing his profiling skills.
John ran his hand over the paper in front of him wishing he could hold his sister. She might always need to be wary of potentially dangerous situations, yes, but that hardly meant that this wariness would define her life. As a doctor he'd seen many patients with chronic pain, or other life-altering injuries, move through their lives and find such unexpected hope and joy. He desperately hoped his sister could get to that point one day.
The streets were alive with people, with energy, as they almost always were in London. It was really no surprise that Sherlock had loved it here. John had thought about leaving after Sherlock's fall, but he never could, especially not now.
"What does this have to do with my patient?" John asked tersely.
John leaned closer to the sun catchers, pretending to examine them while he shifted them in his hands. That dark haired man had been behind him for a very long time, hadn't he? The good doctor let the trinket slip from his fingers and sighed. One thing at a time. There really was very little he could do if he was being followed other than to stay alert. As if the adrenaline flowing through his veins would let him do anything else. Shoving his hands in his pockets, John made his way back to the train. With travel so congested, the last thing he wanted to do was miss it's departure.
It was Sherlock's turn to roll his eyes, but he accepted John's hand in his. John flinched when they came into contact.
When John paused to allow the patient to receive two breaths he glanced and the clock and frowned. They were going on fifteen minutes… He had called time of death many times since his early days, but it was never easy… One more shock.
both cases were connected to London's web of crime (he had theorized that Mr. Dwight's shipping industry was less than wholesome) it would make more sense for the spider in the web to send underlings after him.
~*~*~*~
John felt a reluctant smile curl onto his lips.
Alex, whipped tears from his eyes, then leaned forward to hold his wife and newborn son in his arms.
John nodded, giving James's hip a gentle squeeze. "See you around," he echoed.
Sherlock's death certificate be misfiled? Molly adored Sherlock, and had pinned over him for years. John couldn't imagine her
seen these texts, but he hadn't let himself dwell on them. Sherlock was none of his concern, not any longer. …If Sherlock had been truly isolated, John's conscience might have prevailed upon him to do more, but as it was Sherlock had Mrs. Hudson, Greg, and Mycroft looking out for him. Mrs. Hudson was much more formidable than most people would give her credit for, Greg had been looking after Sherlock for years, and Mycroft, for all of his foibles, really did love his brother, and would never, if it was within his power, let anything happen to Sherlock.
John rolled his eyes as he snatched the letter from Mycroft's hands. "Like you won't know by then anyway."
" the night John had forcibly put him to bed after he'd torn up the flat. He had wanted to believe that 'thank you'...
Sherlock nodded distractedly as their visitor turned to go, wishing John a good day as he headed for the stairs. John watched him go for a moment, lost in thought about all that he had told them, and what he had seen from the world's only consulting detective. For a brief time Sherlock had seemed disgusted that the nobleman's first and only concern appeared to be to save face. John knew he should write that off to Sherlock's arrogance and pathological need to be right, but a part of him couldn't help but wonder if the nobleman's morals had offended Sherlock for any other reason?
, let her rest in peace!
Again they all waited and watched...no response. His patient's face was turning gray, and John knew they were running out of time. John quickly administered a second dose of medication before ordering, "Resume CPR. Janet, point four milligrams of Narcan and one milligram of epi."
"I'm all ears," Mary encouraged. "I'm on break for another fifteen minutes. What's on your mind?"
! You still work those, don't you?!" Lestrade was exceptionally terse given his long experience working with Sherlock, another point in favor of a good case.
My next work, Child's Play, takes place in the universe of Rick Riordan's Heroes of Olympus/Percy Jackson series, and I will begin uploading it next week on the same weekly schedule. Here is a sneak peek:
Sherlock shrugged. "At least once a week since you arrived. Your tossing and turning was distracting." A wry smile crept its way onto John's face until Sherlock added, "It was two or three times a week until I started using this waltz."
Marcus's skin was flushed to his chest as he began rocking back into John's thrusts. His chest was pale and lean and with his head thrown back he almost looked...
. But where did that leave him? There was a possibility that Mr. Wallingford had been murdered, but the probability was shrinking fast. He
"Yes, yes, it's all right there. Expensive ring, delicate cut, immaculately cleaned and maintained. Despite being over ten years old, it looks to be in mint condition. You can always tell the state of a marriage by someone's wedding ring. Take Lestrade's ring, for example—"
Pivoting, mid-crouch, John launched himself at the exit, working against the flow of people and praying he could find a cab that would get him to the airport on time.
Mycroft nodded graciously. "It was no trouble. It really is the best situation for her right now. I will keep you informed when other options become available."
"Unfortunately so, "Sherlock replied. "I believe this heartbreak, in combination with the unusually harsh treatment William received when he returned to the United Kingdom, were the two blows that pushed him to violence."
Greg nodded, then hesitated. "The best hospitals, too."
John had a chance now to find someone who wouldn't do that to him.
"Both people's safety, actually," Marcus replied with a surprised smile. "But, yes, that's it exactly. Those facts don't always occur to most people, though. You're very observant."
James leaned gently into his side, frowning softly as John unburdened himself. He placed a hand on the good doctor's forearm and gave a gentle squeeze. "That's why you haven't been visiting?"
With that happy thought, he leaned his head back against the headrest of his seat, and slept.
Sherlock was already pulling on gloved and scanning the draped sheet in a predatory fashion when he said, "I examined a body once that had been ground nearly to a pulp in industrial processing equipment. There was a patch of skin that held part of a tattoo that we were able to trace to her ex-boyfriend."
John had known Mary for almost a year. They'd talked casually, but not often. Work friends: another thing that had fallen by the wayside in the past few years. "Good, actually, I'm just tired."
John lifted his head and glared at Sherlock through his fingers. "And?" he insisted sharply, taking his hands away from his face.
Trigger Warning: Mentions of involuntary commitment, persons struggling with psychotic symptoms, some mentions of blood/injury.
John 's eyes found hers slowly, reluctantly.
"There isn't time to explain," Sherlock pressed, lifting the syringe from his pocket and pulling the cap off. "I need you to
John scanned the letter once, twice, then slowly drew the letter down to his lap. Sherlock had managed to prop himself up on his elbows while John read, but the ex-army doctor was still on top of him, knees on either side of his hips.
"How could they
Dan surged at him again and Susan was screaming behind him. Sherlock managed to deflect the second blow. Dan never got to try a third time, several University Football students rushed up and brought him to his knees. "Just keep him from trying to kill anyone until the police arrive," Sherlock instructed the young men while he pulled out his phone. They all nodded, intent on their task. They were motivated more by Susan than Sherlock. Sherlock's stumbling had gotten their attention and Susan's screaming had elicited a protective instinct which was magnified by societal norms and expectations. As much as it was passively allowed in general, beating a woman in the street was still taboo. Sherlock had noted the University students a ways down the street when he'd begun speaking to the couple. He hadn't planned on them, but they were a welcome resource.
Sherlock blinked at her in confusion. "I know that."
than when he had left before… He decided it would be best to keep his shoes on for his own protection. As carefully as he could John picked his way across the room and closed the windows. John rubbed his hands together, starting to feel the chill once more.
, and Sherlock might finally offer him long overdue comfort. "I love you too, John," he murmured.
Mrs. Aster looked up at him with a frown as John stepped back into her field of vision. "Are you sure we have to do that?"
:Closing the Net
John had to go... It was better this way... it was safer...
Moriarty shook his head. "No point." His voice was soft and calm in all the wrong ways. "He'll have gone to ground by now in a way we can't track."
Sherlock's lust-filled mind finally comprehended the meaning behind John's commanded eye contact when he felt hands gripping his backside, and a finger poking at his entrance. Sherlock sucked in a breath, feeling uneasy. John's hand pulled away, and he sat back on his heels, his hands gently caressing Sherlock's hips. "Are you alright?"
Because of his own internal distraction, and the incessant nagging of others, Sherlock had been avoiding cases. He'd always been persnickety about the way he selected and worked cases, but his recent avoidance was not part of the game. He would have to return to cases eventually, and the sooner the better. With time, everyone's insistence on John's return would evaporate. If he was very, very lucky, perhaps he would find a way to silence his own thoughts on the matter.
Sherlock's gaze swept the hallway as he entered it. Finding it clear, he shoved the key into the lock on John's door and turned it. The door opened and he slid inside, pulling it shut behind him.
tempting... It would be nice to feel something, well, anything different from what he'd been feeling for the past several days. He licked his lips. "And you always succeed?"
A wry smile crept over Mary's features. "Drinks at the pub with your Detective Inspector friend doesn't count as going out?"
John nodded and waved back. "You too."
"Yes," John murmured as he felt Sherlock's talented fingers working out another tense knot.
John turned to look at Sherlock, still flushed.
The computer was password protected, but that didn't slow Sherlock down for a second. John tried to let him concentrate, but he couldn't quite contain his curiosity. "
John," he insisted, deducing the ex-army doctor's intent. "I haven't been symptomatic all day." In truth he hadn't felt this well in weeks.
"So... are you cured?"
Another cannon case was used as inspiration for the case in this chapter, but it's a rather well-known Sherlock tale, so I don't expect to fool anyone.  Still I hope you enjoy this next chapter as it unfolds!
~*~*~*~
Harry nodded, her excitement peeking through. "And look at the views of those mountains," she sighed. Her gaze lingered on a picture of the artfully rustic looking Recovery Center, with the alps soaring high above it. "It looks
Pulling the blue scarf from his neck, John set it lovingly on one of the hooks by the door. It was well into Spring now, but it was still cool enough to justify wearing one of his precious keepsakes. Sherlock would've found the idea appallingly sentimental, but if it bothered him that much, he could voice his complaint in person.
"How was your visit?" Sherlock asked softly, pulling back to meet John's eyes once more.
going to waste it.
was the time to do it.
Sherlock strove to refocus his mind on deduction… It was possible John's dead patient had been a victim of the crash… but doubtful. Overdose wouldn't be suspected until blood panels came back, and with the accident as bad as it was, they'd be more likely to have died of their injuries, or it would have been suspected that they died of internal bleeding until the labs confirmed the overdose. Such an outcome would be upsetting to John, because he cared, but neither would have resulted in the use of Narcan.
"Yes." Sherlock's reply was adamant.
Sherlock was already in his coat pacing the room, with an older gentleman standing beside him.
, John, and he's waiting for you."
The world's only consulting detective chuckled darkly. John was right, even if he could not observe the truth in what he saw. Sherlock had long experience subverting the needs of his transport for the sake of his mind and his cases. In the case of hunger, this was no longer necessary... the poison was getting stronger...he was running out of time.
John shook his head firmly. "Not this time, Sherlock."
"They're all staying at Uncle Mycroft's townhouse actually," Laurali explained with a grimace. "That must be tight quarters."
John smirked as he turned to face his husband. "True, but you do act like it most of the time." Before Sherlock could respond, the good doctor continued down the hall with every intent of delivering water to his patient. Reluctantly, and with a full pout on his face, Sherlock followed.
Mary nodded. "Fine, just a bit sauce that got away from me."
James faltered slightly, and John reached out to catch him by the arm. "He is?"
Molly's self-satisfied smile never left her face. "It's a slow acting poison, Mr. Holmes. It will take you two years to die; I want you to see your own destruction coming, without being able to stop it. No synthesized chemicals will work, only the natural ones will. You'll need a sustained 'dose' of love. Those very chemicals you scorn start slowly, build, and then settle into a varying stability as a relationship develops. The subtleties are …complex." She leaned forward then, and placed a gentle kiss on his cheek. "Good luck, Mr. Holmes."
"This is the house of Mr. Andrew Wallingford. Approximately two months ago, Mr. Wallingford received bypass surgery at Charing Cross Hospital. His recovery was going well, until two weeks ago. He developed a high fever, upset stomach, and intense joint pain. He went for a follow up with his doctor and was prescribed antibiotics. At first he seemed to recover, but after his follow up visit his symptoms relapsed, dramatically worse than they had been before. He spent the last three days admitted to intensive care, and he passed away this morning."
of asking you to play with your injury, no, no. Of course you would be welcome to audition for any open positions we still have once you're fully recovered. Oh, I am so sorry, Nichole."
One of Mycroft's eyebrows arched to his hairline and the hint of a smile tugged at his lips. "I never could get you to work for me without a pretense." Sherlock snorted derisively, but Mycroft continued before he could comment. "My paramedics will take you to St. Bart's. We can talk more freely there."
Trigger warning!:  There is a rather grisly murder depicted in the chapter, please be safe.
John was unaware of the steadying breath that he took at that moment. Being a soldier, he knew he had to brace himself for the worst; it had become automatic.
involved, and caring had made all the difference in the world.
John had made his affection for Sherlock very clear, as well as his anger. He understood Sherlock's bravery, and the impossibility of the situation he had been placed in, but he was only human. During one of their talks, spent holding each other on the couch, John had softly said, "
In sickness and in health
Sherlock's expression changed, looking both calculating and mildly confused. "And you intend to follow me without argument? No high-handed objections?"
Greg and he had managed to have a few pints together, since the last case, and he'd acquainted John with the details of Sherlock's history with heroin and cocaine. The world's only consulting detective was too jumpy to be sedated, but not quite agitated enough to be conclusively high, either. His hands were shaking, yes, and he was pacing, but his steps were measured, and he spent considerable time at each collection of files/papers/whatever it was he had tacked to the wall.
John eased backwards, worming his way onto the mattress completely, and Marcus crawled over him as though he were pursuing John. This made John smile, and he pulled Marcus down into a kiss.
coming back this time..." Harry's voice dissolved into a long cry of pain, and she felt Madeline's hand on her shoulder.
idea the amount of work you just made for me?!"
, much less getting along romantically."
Mary leaned up on her toes and kissed John's check, shocking him out of his reverie. "Thank you for coming to get me, I'll get my coat."
"You can't have paid very good attention to what you were reading. There are
John drew his fingers down the crumpled paper in a caress, his doctors instincts urging him to offer comfort, even when his "patient" was God knows how many miles away.
James shrugged and said, "It's only a few medical supplies, though I must admit I'm also curious about what he wants a size twenty three scalpel for."
Hello once again gentle readers! Once again, I am very glad to be back to posting. ^_^ I would like to thank all those who have commented, left kudos, and/or subscribed to/bookmarked this story for their support.
Mrs. Aster nodded solemnly as she also stood. "I'll call him as soon as I'm home."
"Wrong."
"Take some time and think about it, then." John suggested. "Really consider your options, and think about what you want. Watching death is never easy, not even for seasoned accident and emergency doctors. You have to learn to take solace in the fact that you did everything you could, and the fact that you cannot control everything. Some injuries are not survivable, and the only thing we can offer patients is to be calm and present with them for as long as they are with us. That doesn't mean we can't or we shouldn't process things afterwards, that is taking care of yourself, and it's part of the job."
For all the bravado he might show Mycroft and the rest of the world, every day was a bad day, just some were worse than others. He still worked at the surgery, still went on with things, just as he'd thought to himself when Mycroft was attempting to read him the riot act, but it
John's eyes went back to her hand. "You should run that under cold water," he observed, edging in beside her, forcing her to take a step away from the stove as he grabbed the spoon from her and continued her stirring for her.
reactive," he confirmed. The pupils were nearly pinpoints to begin with, but the movement John did see confirmed that this patient had at least a fighting chance.
John nodded, swallowed, and made to turn for the stairs that would lead him up to his room, when he paused and turned back again. "I hope you never regret it." Heartbreak was the last thing he wanted for Sherlock, even now.
Sherlock looked up slightly guiltily, which made John regret his sharp tone momentarily. It was
Sherlock's lips quirked up in a satisfied grin as he knelt down and reached up into the opening of the chimney. His questing fingers found the rusted lever for the flue and grasped it tightly. His arm and shoulder muscles strained violently for a few moments before the flue opened with a painful sounding creak, and a light package fell into his waiting hands.
"He already knows, and he doesn't believe you," John countered, with a small smile of his own.
"Have you tried apologizing?" Mrs. Hudson asked, setting the tea pot down once Sherlock's cup was full again.
like to go back to being a regular doctor. Maybe working at a surgery?"
"How could you have
filing cabinets, which Sherlock was certain held real client records, but it was doubtful there was any rhyme or reason to the filers stored here. They were just for show. That much was obvious as soon as Sherlock observed the intricate wooden paneling, the lack of windows, and unusually thick carpeting: the room was soundproofed.
Trigger warnings:  This chapter does touch on broken hearts and persons struggling with addiction and depression.  Please be safe.
, but he had done it. John couldn't help but wonder if part of him simply refused to acknowledge the fact that Sherlock was no longer a part of his life.
They shared a wan smile before a waitress who either had no ability to read the mood at their table, or, if it was possible, cared less for social niceties than Sherlock, approached them and asked for their order. Sherlock had turned towards the waitress, given her their drink orders, and turned back to John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes dismissively. "Technically it is, because that is
"At least
John nodded. Sherlock would always be Sherlock. That was undeniable. He would have to call to remind him…
Sherlock's gaze dropped to the floor as John passed, unwilling to witness John's expression when he discovered the truth. He heard John's footsteps come to an abrupt halt just behind him. Sherlock flinched when he heard John sniffing around, drawing air and information deep into his lungs. Even though Sherlock was revealing himself to John, he was still wracked with indecision. John had been the only alpha that had ever made him wonder, that had ever made him want, but he still didn't know if he
"Please tell me you didn't come up here to smother me with platitudes," Sherlock retorted.
the majority of the skills he now applied so ruthlessly, but the fact that he had
"The burnt out house where the first murder took place. Mr. McAndrew never rebuilt it. 'Too many painful memories,' or some such nonsense. With every subsequent murder it would be more and more of a liability to keep any mementos close at hand. Plus preserving the first crime scene has a sense of nostalgia about it that seems appropriate for a serial killer.
At first it was Marcus moving himself, bobbing his head and moving his tongue with enthusiasm, while John's fingers clenched in his hair. When Marcus took him down to the root and swallowed, however, John's fingers reacted, clenching in Marcus's hair and taking control. John's moans and gasps grew louder as he worked Marcus over him, pushing, pulling and feeling the slide of wet flesh.
"I just found it!" Wiggins insisted shrilly. "The things people throw out these days will break your 'art. This here is a perfectly serviceable coat. Jus' a waste of money to let it sit around being useless!"
to anyone about it, not that he'd ever made a habit of talking to others in the first place, and all his mental rumination wouldn't change reality. In the music there was desperation, betrayal, and a desperate plea for forgiveness. He wouldn't ask John for forgiveness, and he didn't deserve it, but despite all logic and reason he
~*~*~*~
It was Sherlock's turn to laugh. "Even I'd never seen Greg so mortified." He wiped his eyes and sigh. "I should've taken a picture."
have a future.
A knock on his door startled John out of his reverie. "Are you almost ready?" Mary's voice was muffled by the thick wood of his door.
"May I steal a dance, Mr. Holmes?" She asked, her voice uncharacteristically low. She was trying for sultry, but she'd only made herself sound like a victim of laryngitis.
The elder Holmes brother stood tall, and locked eyes with the good doctor from his position on the street below. He looked as stoic and collected as ever. "I
"That
"How did you get the time you needed?" Lestrade asked, always curious about Sherlock's inner workings. Not as curious as John had been, but still...
John's eyes narrowed dangerously. "I meant for treatment, Sherlock. You can't just ignore this!"
Sherlock can't come to grips with what he's done, but that doesn't stop his decision from haunting him, even as he embarks on a new case.
"It's about a dog fighting ring." Sherlock said calmly.
flatmate in England!" Harry enthused, almost yelling in her excitement. "Is he there? If he's there you
something to people. No, if there's no note it's likely an accident, if there is one it likely a suicide, and a text just screams 'I was murdered!'"
John blew on his paper to dry the ink, and smiled to himself. He felt a bit lighter. Even knowing that Mycroft wouldn't be back until a few days from now to pick up his letter, John found himself already anxious for a reply.
"How often does this happen?" Harriet asked, brows furrowed in concern.
"Some of my work is, as you know, very delicate," Sherlock replied, glancing away evasively, and John knew he wouldn't receive the details he'd been so curious about.
Mary, thankfully remained silent, and their work resumed. They didn't check with each other about which files they were reviewing, they didn't need to divide and conquer. If anything, having two people reviewing the same files increased the odds of finding something subtle. Of course Sherlock would be the one to find anything of importance, but Mary's silent company wasn't torturous.
After several minutes Mary shifted her hands so that she held the top of John's trapezius of his good shoulder in a firm grip. Between both her hands she covered most of the slope from neck to shoulder. Once her grip was secure Mary gently rocked her hands back and forth, pushing at the muscle from a different angle. She was pleased when John sighed and leaned back into the touch.
"You're impossible," John chuckled, and laid the tie loosely over Sherlock's eyes. He tugged on some blue medical gloves and gently grasped Sherlock's arm. "I'm going to give you some fluids and some fever reducers with the IV. Any objections?"
Mary repeated her actions several times before leaning back and handing him her compact mirror. "What do you think?"
"It was me...," Sherlock breathed. "I thought it was you, but it was me." Sherlock was running his good hand through his hair now, heedless of the blood he was smearing.
A satisfied smile curved on Sherlock's elegant lips. "You're doing a brilliant job of showing it."
Sherlock, John, and Toby stood together near the entrance, looking up at the structure in silence. At length, Sherlock spoke. "I think I hear a baby crying in there." He was already pulling on blue medical gloves.
?" He took a long drink from one the glasses of water the waitress had left while Greg was waiting for John to arrive. "Mycroft must be losing his touch."
Sherlock led the way around the building, into an ally. When they were halfway along the alley an imposing man in an immaculate suit stepped out from behind a dumpster. He was hefting three apparatuses that looked a bit like scuba diving tanks, except with large face masks that covered the eyes, nose, and mouth, as well as an accompanying ear piece. Sherlock grasped his tank from the man and seamlessly slipped the straps of the air tank over his shoulders. Mary had already reached for her tank and was slipping it on herself, pulling on the mask and affixing the ear piece. The man that Mycroft had sent was also securing his own breathing apparatus. Apparently he was going with them.
for the sake of his sanity to have something even barely resembling a pleasant conversation.
right occasionally," Sherlock conceded with false graciousness.
No response.
"Yes."
bad, he just didn't know what. He shrugged on his jacket, resigned, and started making his way downstairs. Sherlock had such a
Sherlock made a face. He had surmised as much already, but that kind of theft indicated that this was more than a simple murder. He'd have another chance at this game. He mused aloud, "The rag that was pressed into my face was soaked in chloroform." Was the rag only a distraction, or had it been meant as insurance on the plan to sedate him? This was possibly irrelevant, but he couldn't be certain.
John smiled. "I don't know about reason, but I'll do my best to keep him from blowing anything up."
John's eyes focused on Sherlock once more and found the small smile still present on his cupids bow lips. Sherlock's intent may have been hard-hearted, but the good doctor found himself grateful for that terrible honesty despite himself. It had taught him to understand what to expect from the world's only consulting detective, and, quite unexpectedly, it had taught him to trust his crazy flatmate. John would have never thought it possible, and it was definitely ill-advised, but there was no denying that he did trust Sherlock.
"I brought some tickets with me, actually, to thank you" Nikki continued, fishing small rectangles of paper out of her pocket and holding them out to John. "You should come and see the show, Dr. Watson. I want to show you what you helped me come back to."
Sherlock nodded. "Six strong possibilities at least, but once I struck upon my first theory, and saw Mr. Trevor Senior faint mid-explanation, I assumed I had the right idea."
"Give me your hand," John instructed, reaching out to Sherlock, his voice finally taking on a softer tone.
Sherlock's heels were pressed down into the mattress, his muscles straining as he pushed up into John's hand. "So, beautiful," John murmured, shifted to capture Sherlock's swollen lips in another demanding kiss. Sherlock moaned, his arms pulling John closer as his hips rocked in a steady rhythm.
!" she yelled back. Despite her small stature her voice resounded powerfully around the room. "Charles has suffered time and time again, each time being thrown into the suspicion of the court, and each time the court could find no
Travis watched Marcus for a moment before scanning the road and making a quick dash across the street. He was well clear of any cars, but his intense momentum carried him directly into Marcus, despite Travis's obvious attempts to slow down before he crashed into him. Marcus started and they both stumbled a few steps before finding their feet again. Marcus's phone had fallen to the ground, but he didn't reach for it. Instead his arms remained locked around Travis, where they had flown in attempt to steady them both, his face the picture of astonishment.
Only cases, as much as he may want to deny it, weren't his only objective anymore, and knowing John Watson had brought out parts of himself he'd completely written off as useless…
Love.
Sherlock scrambled from shrub to shrub, pawing and examining every inch of soil. He'd been at it for twenty minutes, so John assumed he must have found something. John frowned suddenly, leaning forward and squinting at the world's only consulting detective. "Sherlock!"
~*~*~*~
John blinked and looked at Marcus again when he heard him ordering the exact same stout that John had ordered. Again Marcus seemed to feel the stare because he turned to smile and shrug at John. "You tried my drink, it seemed only fair."
So far this one sounded mildly promising. Granted public opinion was grievously flawed in identifying what was
"I wasn't about to drag you to my wedding, when it was my fault that you were so reluctant to see me in the first place..." Mycroft sighed and his eyes softened in a way Sherlock hadn't seen since they were children. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. For everything."
Sherlock stopped and stiffened. "Plead the likelihood of your brother's recovery to someone who
Consciousness returned, but slowly. John worked a tongue that felt too think for his mouth through his lips, blinking away the cotton that seemed to fill his mind. His vision was blurry at first. He tried to raise his fingers to his eyes and wipe them clear, but his hands were bound to...something. Unable to lift his hands more than a few inches jolted John's adrenal system, flooding his bloodstream with enough adrenaline that he was able to lift his head, furiously blinking his vision into focus.
"The owners of the funeral home have agreed not to press charges," he began, kicking Sherlock's feet when the slumped man wouldn't even make eye-contact. "However, they are taking out a restraining order on you, Sherlock. You're not to go anywhere near the building, or any of its employees, or funerals. Do you understand?"
He learned that Mary was a bit of a homebody. She worked at the surgery, and spent most of her free time reading or crocheting. The sitting room sported several colorful and comfortable afghans that were her own work.
"Sherlock?" Mary asked, tilting her head slightly.
"Oh, a little over a year now," the stranger replied. "It's interesting work, and it keeps me busy."
"So it's just another average Thursday for you, then?" John bit his lip as soon as the words were out of his mouth, regretting them. Now was hardly the time for jokes.
Nathan seated himself calmly on the sofa opposite Sherlock and ran his fingers over his own cheek, mirroring the location of Sherlock's injury. "I'm sorry about my brother. He's tightly wound, and the thought of stepping into our father's shoes on top of such an unexpected loss..." Nathan trailed off, his gaze shifting to the floor. He swallowed thickly before making himself meet Sherlock's eyes once more. He loved his father, they all did in their own way. The Wallingford's were a surprisingly well adjusted family, all things considered. But even well adjusted family members cracked under the right pressure...
James smiled warmly, and opened his mouth to speak, when a 'ping' from John's phone interrupted him. John looked down and frowned. There was a second 'ping' about ten seconds later that caused John's jaw to drop slightly.
"We can," James acknowledged, "Things have just been slow lately."
Sherlock broke away from John's lips to trail slow, gentle kisses along John's jaw towards his neck. John sighed happily, tilting his head to give Sherlock better access, gasping when he felt the wet slide of Sherlock's tongue followed by a deliberate scrape of teeth against his skin.
As per usual, this chapter is based on a cannon Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Sherlock story, feel free to guess which one.  I hope you enjoy!
Marry nodded and stood, "I hope you have a good day," she said with a wave and she walked towards the door.
"Excuse me a moment," John murmured, separating from his sister, and taking a step back as he pulled out his phone. He dialed Sherlock's number and pressed the phone to his ear, listening to it ring.
"The three R's?" John asked, directing his question entirely to Mary.
Sherlock pressed his advantage by stepping between them, forcing the man to step back. Sherlock smirked as the man's face flushed crimson. When he spoke he kept his tone soft, and condescending. "Why don't you let me talk it over with her, hm?"
the mantel, an assortment of rope trailing around the sofa and over the floor, and... a riding crop?
John tore open the seal with the same letter opener as before, and read:
They made their way inside. Greg, Sherlock, and John remained standing, while Susan and Ilia sat stiffly on the sofa. Ilia's arm remained securely around Susan's waist, as though this could shield her from their unwelcome visitors.
John turned then and stared after the rapidly fading figure of Sherlock Holmes, pondering Greg's statement. "Want to get a pint sometime and share Sherlock war stories?" John asked turning back to face the Detective Inspector. He knew he'd still have many months to go in his role as an indentured blogger, and he'd take anything that would help make the time easier, even if it was only easier to understand."
weird, you know that?"
them. I apologize for your mental anguish, truly. It was the fastest way to get you here."
Sherlock tried to look down, but John's hand shot out and caught his chin, forcing Sherlock to keep eye contact. Sherlock swallowed again. John was right, of course John was right. In a way it was reassuring that John seemed moved to near violence only in situations concerning his safety. Sherlock had always admired his control as much as his dominance.
The oblivious orderly placed a hand gently on John's shoulder and murmured, "I know this is a difficult time for y-"
Sherlock ignored him.
was he convincing. His voice was so warm, his movements so casual. This deception angered John, because he knew it must be motivated solely for the benefit of the case. That thought also saddened him. Even if it was a ruse, he'd never seen Sherlock look so relaxed... Certainly he'd seen him happy, especially when an experiment was going well, or during the few cases he had yet to witness, but never relaxed.
A knock at the door broke his train of thought. John stood quickly and wiped his face. Whatever happened he was still a soldier; he could pull himself together if need be.
"He sounds like a passionate man," John replied, glancing down at the wedding ring Mary still wore.
Marcus smiled and nodded. "Absolutely. Just charge it to my account."
John stared down at his flatmate in shock. He didn't doubt that Sherlock responded with an argument to Harry's letter of thanks, because of his insufferable need to be right. If he had tried to help her it was likely because of his arrogance and his need to keep John in check for their little contest of wills. That should have colored John's gratitude, but it didn't. For the first time his sister wasn't arguing about the treatment she was getting, or claiming to know everything. She really seemed to be putting herself out there, and Sherlock appeared to have helped her, perhaps in ways that John was unable to. John leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's slim shoulder's. "Thank you."
remember my name."
Molly offered a tight-lipped, concerned smile as she reached for the papers. "Anytime, John."
Eva's gaze flickered back to Harry, "That's another part of life that people tend to view as stagnant. It's even in the language we use. 'When I grow up...' But addiction isn't fixed and neither are our personalities. We grow and change all throughout our lives, and recovery is one of the biggest changes that we can make."
Mr. Walker's eyes narrowed again and Sherlock knew his threat had not been missed. Mr. Walker was not an ethical businessman, despite what appearances may be, and it was a pressure point Sherlock had every intention of exploiting if necessary.
"How do you expect me to make a DNA test disappear?!" Sherlock scoffed. "You should have seen my brother for that, not me."
. He'd tried to strike out in a completely different direction after Sherlock ordered him gone and somehow he'd ended up right back here
Sherlock was neither surprised or impressed as he took his seat. He didn't have Mr. Murphy's full attention now, but he would.
"Sherlock!" John was shouting now, and he tugged so violently on the sleeve of Sherlock's robe that the lanky man toppled onto him. John caught him in his arms and managed to keep his balance, but just barely. "Enough," he barked, "You are going to eat something, and then you are going to bed." John glared at the objects around them. "Whatever this is, it's gotten out of hand!"
Marcus didn't react to Sherlock's invasion of his personal space until Sherlock dared to reach out and tug his collar down. Then two things happened very quickly:
lost their minds...
. Sherlock wanted him as, more a less, a servant, not so that his sister would benefit, but so that he could break John's spirit.
"I remember reading about the thumbs in the fridge on your blog," Mary replied, sipping her wine again.
They sat and, with one long glance at his wife, Mr. Volkov began his story.
"Sherlock," Lestrade sighed, exasperated, "I'd rather be safe than sorry. Something doesn't feel right."
John blinked in slow comprehension. "He sent you a gift?"
Sherlock gave a put upon sigh and wrapped his arms around John as well, patting his back for emphasis. "Are you going to let me go now?"
"Hm? Of course," Sherlock replied, his eyes sweeping the signature he had obtained from the ballerina. "See the hesitation marks here?" he gestured to the space between the "d" and the "e" of Ms. Adeline's autograph. "She's not used to writing her name that way. It's a stage name of some kind that obviously closely resembles her true name. Possibly an anagram, or an imperfect anagram. No one has proper respect for ciphers anymore."
"This is different!" John's voice boomed out into the office, the loud, clear voice of a Captain issuing orders. Greg, as well as several officers outside his office, finally looked up. "I've told you about Harry, and the train. Don't you see that was a set up?"
Once he was safely descended and nestled in a little alcove, Sherlock pulled out his new phone. He had activated it just today, and only for one purpose. Tapping impatiently on the screen, Sherlock smiled when his tracking system came to life. Well, it wasn't so much his as 'borrowed' from Mycroft, but that was semantics.
"Tore their system to shreds you mean," Anthea remarked with a huff. "Do you have
John leaned forward to kiss Sherlock's cheek, but Sherlock turned his head so that their lips met instead. John hummed in satisfactions, pressing his mouth against Sherlock's cupids bow lips, caressing them with his own. Sherlock opened to him and pressed his tongue into John's mouth, beginning another sensual dance.
"Never," Harry promised, pressing one last kiss under her brother's ear before tearing herself from his arms. She took her place in line without looking back. If she thought too hard about leaving her brother behind...she might not be able to do it.
Sherlock lifted his gaze from Mrs. Wallingford and scanned the room; it contained three other people. There were two reasonably tall, mildly athletic males in their mid-twenties, and a slender dark hared young woman who was approximately eighteen. The men were not twins, but they bore a striking resemblance to each other. Each wore a personally tailored suit and an expensive tie, and each had a clean shaven face with neatly trimmed brown hair that looked quite a bit more manageable than their mother's. The biggest difference between them was that one of them, most likely the oldest and heir presumptive, had a much harsher expression, and the other looked more sad.
As much as it hurt, John made a point of going on with things, keeping fit, and sharpening his mind as much as he could; he would never compare to Sherlock. John was trying to cope with the gaping wound left in his life since the fall of the world's only consulting detective, but there was more to it than that. John was convinced, absolutely convinced that there was more to Sherlock's story than he knew, and by God he would have answers if it was the last thing he ever did. In the meantime, all he could do was wait, and be ready when the time came.
