“Do you want to sit and I’ll sit in your lap?”
John sits down, his shoulder throbbing.
Collin grips Mycroft's hips and starts fucking him hard. Sherlock moans and holds Mycroft's head, fucking his mouth.
“I umm.. I think I need a pregnancy test..” She blushes.
Greg chuckles. "I'm going to order take away. W-who wants what?"
“We can play outside.”
She giggles and smiles.
“Really really.” She smiles softly.
He holds him close and kisses him.
“No condom.” He blushes and mumbles against Carol.
Leona smiles. “Thank you. In a bit we might come down, get our kids into bed.”
He chuckles and kisses his head.
He kisses him back, blushing as he tastes himself.
She blushes and nods. “I’d like that.”
Sherlock smiles. “John, you know about babies, how many can Morna carry at once?” He asks.
He smiles and nuzzles him softly.
He smiles and hangs up.
"And then we can move back home for good?" She hands him the sauce they've picked. "Because I don't like the flat daddy has. It's crowded."
"I know, I'm worried about that too.. Collin suggested that we could get them drunk and tell them then. They may or may not remember it, but then at least we would've said something."
She nods and smiles. "I heard Sky woke up. How's she?"
Sherlock moans. "John. John, fuck my mouth." He gasps out.
He groans as he tastes himself, licking into Jean's mouth.
He lays him back against the bed and kisses him as he strips them.
“What kind of fun, baby?”
"You're completely right, mate.. Seeing them both like this.. Just so.. Loving.. It's amazing.."
"I hope we sleep under the whale." Rosie says as she swings both Sherlock and John's arms with her own.
Sherlock stays in the kitchen to work.
He smiles and starts eating.
Sherlock blushes as he feels a bit of John’s cum start to leak out of him.
He blushes as he follows Fitz, still feeling submissive.
She blushes and rubs her belly, smiling as the pups move. ‘So much energy.’
“I’ll do it. Every massage. Everything. Anything you want.” Sherlock smiles. “You can hang up if you want..”
Mycroft moans and collapses into Dorro’s arms. “Please, get your friends, I want them all to fuck me. I- I am all yours to use.”
He soon falls asleep between them.
John giggles softly and presses a chaste kiss to Sherlock's mouth. "I'll be back." He says, softly, getting up and heading to the kitchen, where he'd seen a first aid kit under the sink with the sharps disposal container.
"Yeah sure." She smiles and puts her number in his phone.
“What do you need?” He asks as he opens Turk’s trousers. “You need my cock in your little hole? I don’t think it’ll fit.” He chuckles.
He smiles and pulls him in for a kiss, being careful of Jared between them.
“Yeah. Mikey showed me a dangerous bed of nails.”
He starts to moan like a slut, vaguely aware of Jake and various other men watching him.
She hums and nods.
He gasps and arches as he pushes into him.
Turk looks up a bit to look at her.
Greg hums and kisses him back happily.
He blushes and kisses him. "Thank you, love." He gets up, grabbing his coat. "I.. You don't have to.. But, would you like to accompany me?"
"Where'd you go?" John asks, smiling softly.
She whimpers and kisses him back needy.
"It's fine I promise. I just got shot a few times and got thrown through a second story window. It was actually a pretty good time." She shrugs and winces as her broken ribs move.
Sherlock nods. “Into battle.” He agrees. Sherlock gets out of the car and rushes into the flat out of the sun. “Remember to pack your syringe and plenty of bags.” He calls to John, “plus any first aid for yourself.”
Camille smiles, before frowning. “Somethings happened, I can feel it.” She whispers. “Are you prepared to run?” She asks.
John is brought up short by Sherlock's question. He's not a sadist, yeah? He's just a short-tempered shit fallen head over heels with a prat. Yes, John's finished. Sherlock's
"Your in your own time, now" - you are not going anywhere until this is done
John skids backwards, nearly stumbling over himself to put space between himself and his dirty deed. Biting a person is a prurient act of perversion. John has treated many victims of abuse bearing the same vicious marks on their bodies.
"Shit! Of course," John snares the preparatory glass of water he'd poured that morning and presses it to Sherlock's bottom lip. The genius groans whilst gulping greedily. John returns the empty glass, himself letting fly a groan at the moisture beading Sherlock's chin. "Oh, lovely. So lovely, darling. Is that better?"
"Corporal, that's enough for now. You were provoked, and as such, are relieved of any responsibility for your insubordination." He he goes. "Are you ready to make retribution for your prior transgressions, lad?"
"Gawwwd, yes. Please," Sherlock whines, "please I need it."
The genius splutters, for once speechless.
Vague noises ring through the ether, the sounds of gurgling water and the shriek of an electric kettle on full-boil. Sherlock detects the clink of a - yes, clearly - bent metal teaspoon intersecting with a ceramic drinking vessel - circa 2000, clearly not from Stoke on Trent. Chipped, with two - no three, yes three partial cracks running the handle, one in need of imminent repair. Got it - RAMC mug.
"I expect an answer when I put forth an inquiry, soldier." The captain sneers. Sherlock's eyes widen in lusty agitation, watching John's nostrils flare rapidly. Repeatedly. He commencing to bawls out a string of orders without pause. This prevents the Private from offering that duly wonted reply. "On your feet!"
The captain tilts his head back and forth to fully examine his work. Sherlock can't see it, but he senses it all the same. John's special quirky smile, shown only the privacy of their flat, just for Sherlock. It's his alone, and is therefore his favourite. John takes his sweet time in perusing his artwork, admiring the purplish-red sunset of the bruise. The nail marks frame his toothy brand rather well. The captain sighs, and wipes the smile off his face. The private tenses up.
that ready to give. "Quite. I accept your challenge, Private - because that's what it is. You want to manage your desires? Alright, let's start now. This couch is now your class room." John leans forward and licks Sherlock's neck, who gives a squeal. "Private Sherlock Holmes, deduce what I am going to do next to your goddamned tempting body. Where I'll touch you, suck you, lick you, and quite possibly,
steer back to the subject at hand?"
"Are you doing it, Holmes?" The Captain snaps Sherlock out of his reverie. "I think you must be going by the fact that you're panting like a bitch in heat."
Watson gloats for one sweet second, then sucks in air. At the top of his lungs, he barks, "Soldier!" Sherlock jolts, muscles contracting as if electrified. He comes very close to bashing his head into John's face. Luckily, the captain chose a flanking manouevre. His clever foresight spared two white incisors and Sherlock's skull.
Resigns: purposefully laying down your king or say "I resign", giving up and admitting defeat.
Private Holmes's held stock-still since John left off, which, come to think of it, is very odd. Bugger food, what truly whets Sherlock's appetite is the certainty that he'll get to show off. Nothing feeds his ego like a taste of    righteous indignation, stockpiling John's accolades for afters.
"Absolutely, Captain. Sir. I'm all on board, if you'll forgive the nautical metaphor." His wavy hair has tightened into pin curls, delicate spirals fit for a Victorian Duchess. The man is goddamned gorgeous, of course he carries them off without seeming the least bit effeminate. Sherlock's a sex-crazed, six-foot two cherub gagging to be fucked.
, fuck. Jesus, Sherlock, you're perfect. But, enough. Less words and more fucking, thank you very much" The doctor's balls slap, sticky and painfully full, against Sherlock's. He twists his hips, grinding wrinkled skin and wiry hair in a deliriously pleasurable 360-degrees circle.
The detective cocks his head, a puppy hearing a dog whistle. "Haven't I been ousted from the army?" Sherlock sniffs...right, so has the flat. "I've not worthy, apparently, according to your judgement. Nevertheless, Captain, I admit to no wrongdoing. My performance in the line of duty is deemed impeccable by most men,
Sherlock sits calmly for a few seconds, then removes the paper to examine it. "I take it this," he gestures vaguely, indicating John's obvious ire, "isn't in regards to sluggish shareholder profits."
"I'm concerned, soldier," John snarls from the vague area of the fireplace, "with your inability to obey a basic order. Now
The Game is ON!
Sherlock Holmes stirs, too content to bother opening his eyes. He'd slept with four limbs akimbo, stretched wide as a starfish. No matter, that, really. Seconds after reaching NREM Stage 2 sleep, John makes like a hedgehog, balled up and burrowed deep below the bedding. As he is now, muffled snores lending proof to Sherlock's assertion. Good, John's asleep. It's more than time the genius re-establish his signature prickly personality; to settle the earth firmly back atop its axis, where it belongs.
Again, the detective examines the facts. That's how consulting detectives function - so he thinks. It's difficult to speculate with a sample size of one. The pink tip of Sherlock's tongue pokes out as if to add its two cents. Cuffs, strong steel bindings to prevent him from using his hands. Probably. Most likely. They're old school, the Met having switched to Speedcuffs. What, did John purchase them from a liquidation sale?
The cricket cuts off the racket mid-squawk. Sherlock's thrilled by the "what", but knocked for six by the "why's". The multitude of possibilities freeze him solid, some of them unnerving as as an ice-water enema.
"Of course not, Captain! I find it not at all a problem if you - " Sherlock cuts off his blather to give a startled yip. John latches on to Sherlock's cock and wields it like a leash to tug him forward. The manouevre is pragmatic rather than provocative, and John is careful to be gentle. He lets go when Sherlock's knees bump against the bed. He laments that the room is so small. John's fingers walk down his spine, light as snowflakes. Warm hands cup his bottom, then slide up to press against his lower back until his top half rests on the duvet. This is one of John's favourite positions for shagging Sherlock, simply practical based on the doctor's short legs. Having that plump arse ripe and ready for manhandling has absolutely nothing to do with it. Honest. So John swears.
The Game is on.
"You do occasionally surprise me, Captain," Sherlock generously concedes. "Today isn't one of those times. Our flat already contains an intriguing variety of personal lubricants. Personally, I favour Sliquid Swirl Strawberry and Pomegranate."
It's time to rein himself in, and get a move on. John swallows hard to clear his mouth - God forbid he should drool - He lifts his chin. Playtime's over.
"Shut up," John snarls up close and personal, teeth nibbling up the side of Sherlock's neck. The clearly deranged doctor's hands move to slip snugly around the base of his skull. They rest there, a bit too tight for Sherlock's comfort. "You're
John chokes like a cat hacking up a hairball.
A cool breeze unexpectedly ruffles Sherlock's sparse pubic hair, tickling his torso, fanning his flushed and glistening cheeks. The change in temperature soothes him, still it's disturbing, an unknown quantity. "What gives?" the genius prods. There's faint trace scent colouring the air. It's a familiar smell and oddly, uniquely specific. It's difficult to put a name to it. Sherlock's sure he wouldn't even notice it sans blindfold, it's that light. "What? What is that. What are you up to. I know that smell. Jo...
Pun unconditionally intended.
"Oh, what now, man!" the Captain bawls from a distance. Sherlock's eyes bulge in disbelief. John's left him, left the sitting room! How had this fact escaped him? "You're boring me," John carps, voice muffled by the chinking sound of glass.
I had promised Lalarandoms some smut in this chapter, but...I lied. Next chapter, I promise.
Lust redirects a full twelve pints of blood to surge towards his groin. Sherlock's left light-headed, and dizzy with desire.
Sherlock chides himself,
Be that as it may, Sherlock Holmes is a supremely bossy git, and John is tired of giving in to his whims.
"Left hand dominant,
his chocolaty baritone drops half an octave, "arse in the air, whilst bent in half over my chair."
"I didn't quite catch that, Private? Cat...or I should I say, rat got your tongue?" John says cheekily, sporting a shit-eating grin.
I knock my teeth out? Is that too much to ask of my CO?"
Porn. Yup, really. Well, it's getting there *bashful smile*
I hope you're ready, 'cause I'm two seconds from shoving into you so hard you'll taste my come on your tongue."
John picks up the lighter of the two objects and wraps it around one hand. It takes more than a few seconds to do so. Sherlock's eyes flare wide and unblinking to gawk at John. The truth is evident, especially to himself. He's in shock. One hand comes unbidden to his mouth, thumb and finger pinching on the lush lower lip. The last time Sherlock felt this flabbergasted, a stranger had shot and killed an man to save
His John left him bereft, for a...a...
. I'm going to take you apart - make you scream," John growls low, "make you come so hard you pass out." Sherlock can't help but shake; helpless, stupefied pleasure coursing through his veins as John's thin, agile lips create a trail of light kisses. "And now that I have your undivided attention..." Sherlock's eyes close, body melting in sublime supplication.
Ah, yes, so jolly obvious Anderson could deduce it. It can be summed up by the following dispatch:
Observations bombard Sherlock's brain at breakneck speed, too quick for even his superior mind to parse. John's thrown a one-two punch of "What the fuck?", and the detective reels back hard, slamming into the backrest with a pop. Sherlock forgives himself for the flood of adulation he feels, in awe of John's formidable grace.
John stands nose-to-nose with his lover. Blueish hazel eyes sweep Sherlock's body checking for damning indicators of distress. The detective restrains himself from surging down to lick John's face. He maintains parade rest for minutes, hours, days, maybe years. Whatever. He waits a fucking long time is all he knows, but that's not important. Private Holmes would hold position for millennia to please his captain.
"Bugger," Sherlock sobbed, biting his tongue, bucking his hips.
Wow. 24 hours later and 7 kudos. Perhaps not so redundant after all.
Whist John's words are playful, the mad light in those blue eyes is still unnerving. "Well, John," Sherlock defiantly rallies, "I unequivocally agree. We
much done.
<><><><><><><><><><><><>
Time to snap John out of whatever ridiculous conclusions he's come to regarding his actions.
"I'm in awe of your brilliance on the scene of a crime as you know, and quite frankly", John groans, "your skill in the bedroom." He caresses Sherlock's pinked cheek. "A multi-talented genius, you are." John grinds his hard cock against Sherlock's. Sherlock's cock is now hard as well.
Sherlock groans. "Move, Greg."
A man opens the door. "Yes?"
He moans breathily and arches his back. "Oh fuck yes.."
He chuckles and hums. "Mm, right." He smiles, already stripping.
He gasps softly. "My.. Oh Christ.."
“Take me to the prisoner.” She says to the officer on the desk and his eyes get a glazed over look, leading them to the cell.
"There's a track out back behind the garden. Have fun." George smiles and hands him the keys.
"Good out. We can go to the air port in the morning." She kisses his hand.
“It wouldn’t let me get hard. I’ve never not been allowed to get hard before. I liked the denial. I was thinking I could wear it more. Only you and Margaret would have keys and would only let my cock out when you wanted to play.” Sherlock bites his lip.
Mycroft hums. "Never have I ever had sex in the office." He smiles and takes a drink.
"A request?"
Lydia holds onto her and presses her face into Anthea's shoulder. She wishes she was taller so she could reach her better.
“Needy boy..” he nibbles on Sherlock’s bottom lip.
“Okay.” Sky smiles and nods.
He smirks. "Mm, Jean, I think it's time for you to lick her clean."
“A little.” Kia nods as she leans over to Dorro, wanting him to hug her.
She moans loudly and comes hard against his face.
"Thanks, Greg." Sally smiles finally.
Sherlock bites John’s sleeve and tugs.
He frowns a bit and nuzzles him.
John felt terrible. His nightmare had been vivid and he'd felt attacked, lashing out and causing Sherlock to fall right on his tailbone. He sighs, running a hand through his hair. "Yeah, but I should have come to sooner." He muttered. "Plus, I have a shift at Marigold House, I've got to make arrangements for a new secretary, and... You're sure you're all right?"
Greg nods. "I know this must kill Sherlock."
"Mm I want you to sit on my face all night. Will you do that for me?" He begs and kisses his neck.
Eli leans in and kisses him deeply.
"Razzle 'n' a dazzle 'n' a flash a little light
“Greg..” John frowns a bit and holds Greg’s hand.
Mycroft laughs softly and helps him with the chopsticks.
He blushes and smiles. "Morning."
"Only my hands." Sherlock growled.
Mycroft smirks and Sherlock bites his lip to keep from moaning.
Sherlock bites his lip as he thinks. “If I promise to me yours for eternity will you break the curse?”
“That is kind of my job, Morna. Just like you’re making Sherlock curvier.” John chuckles. “I won’t knock you up though. I’ll make sure of that.” He promises.
He chuckles and rolls his eyes a bit.
He blushes brightly.
Sherlock smiles, still watching the young woman.
"Afternoon. Zack is taking his mum up to sleep. She's tired from the flight. She'll be down for dinner." Sky smiles and sits next to Michael.
“Mm come her and fuck me against the wall.” She smirks and presses back against the wall.
He whimpers and nods.
“Well, apparently that magic. You’re magic. And people who know they’re wizards and witches are tricky. They... lie to you and pretend to do something, whilst their magic allows them to do something else.” Sherlock explains softly. “Take your mother for instance, she was a witch.” He explains.
Sherlock closed his eyes and goes back into his mind palace, trying to find a place for Abraham to go so he won’t be bothered again.
Sherlock looks up at Mycroft, who nudges him to speak. “I had a lover. Eighty years ago. I... drank from him, and he asked me to change him. I tried to refuse but the pain was too much.” He sighs, rubbing his chest. “He wasn’t the same after the change. Violent, violatile, hostile. I had to ask my Sire to take him on.” Sherlock sighs and takes a deep breath. “I moved to the other end of the country, here to London. But he still found me. He tried to kill me. So I... we fought and I killed him.” Sherlock explains, quietly. “Forgive me, ma’am.”
Did he tell you the reason why my family became hunters was because of him?—JW
“Both.”
Mycroft sighs and answers it. "Hello?"
“I love you. I love you too. So much.” John gasps.
They fuck him hard and fast, soon filling him with come.
She smiles happily and hugs him. "Of course."
"Good boy." He praises, slowly moving his finger.
He blushes and nods.
"You prat!" She takes a drink. "Fine. Who?"
Mycroft immediately opens the liquor compartment in the car, pulling out two glasses and a bottle of scotch. He silently pours both glasses, drinking his quickly and refilling it.
She grins and kisses her deeply, thrusting deep and hard just how she likes.
Sky smiles and kisses his hand coving his cheek.
Greg nods seriously. “Yes, Sir. I take my mission very seriously.” He teases, smiling. He scoots up against the headboard. “How about you cuddle up here to me and I’ll run my fingers through your hair while you eat?”
He smiles and kisses him back.
Sherlock blushes and nods, kissing John. “I love you..”
“Come for me, slut.”
She smiles against his lips and kisses him back tenderly.
He moans loudly, rocks his hips against him. "Yes, god! Please fuck me! Use me, please!"
Mycroft pulls out of her, kneeling beside her eagerly. “Give me his cum..”
"What's going on?" John asked quietly. He allows Sherlock to crowd him into an empty bathroom just off the edge of the waiting room. When Sherlock locks the door he begins to feel nervous. "What do we do?"
“Bedroom?” Sherlock asks, already heading towards the stairs.
She cries out as she comes hard suddenly, squirting around him.
She moans and writhes under him as Cecil rocks his fingers.
"She doesn't talk to me about this.."
Mycroft sits on the couch so he can watch Anthea. “I may be her father but you are her Sire. Her loyalty obviously lies with you.”
"Yup. Just outside the city is all desert for miles around."
He yawns and lays against her.
Sherlock wakes to feed and change Jared and again when he hears John making tea.
Crystal goes downstairs and starts to cook, making Greg a full English breakfast.
David soon falls asleep with her as well.
Greg yelps and mewls. "T-thank you, Sir. Another please, Sir!"
“Should we head up to bed?” He asks, seeing Sherlock still looking sleepy.
Leona frowns slightly. “You can feel her?” She asks softly.
Leave a comment and let us know what you think!
Mycroft gently pulls out of Magdala, kissing every inch of her as he pulls off his conforms and ties it. “I love you his says softly.
"Thanks." He smiles.
Sherlock smiles and sits beside John on the floor. “I need you to do me a favour.” He whispers.
Mycroft whimpers. “Please, Daddy.”
He smiles against her lips.
They soon run into Colin and his son.
He chuckles softly and kisses her.
“Is that why they’re so... big?” Sherlock asks.
He smirks at her confession. "I'll keep that in mind for later use."
"How are you?" He grins and nuzzles him.
'So handsome.'
One of the other Gods step up to John and gently runs their hand over John’s burn, making it heal and go away, instantly.
Greg keeps the kisses soft and slow.
She giggles and smiles.
Greg smirks and kisses John.
Mycroft blushes and mewls happily, nuzzling his skin and wanting George’s to fuck his throat.
"Yours. Yours."
He gasps and arches up, moaning breathily. He breathes slowly, staying relaxed for him.
"Mm. Come dance with me."
He gasps and moans breathily. "Oh, Collin.."
He blushes brightly. "Shush, I look horrid in the mornings."
John nods and bows out of the room. “Thank you, ma’am.” He smiles and heads back to Sherlock.
'He trained Tiger. We can't do anything because Tiger was a much different person then. He's changed, he's unpredictable.'
"Hearts beats fast
She works back down his shoulders and back.
He smiles softly and falls asleep.
Resting his head against Sherlock's chin he takes a sip of his drink before placing it back down. He then closed his eyes. Taking a few calming breaths he focuses on his heart rate. With one hand pressed against his pulse point on his neck he does his best to send Sherlock a vague idea of its rhythm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mm hello, sleepyhead.” Sky purrs, rocking her hips slowly.
"D-Do you want me to?"
"Just for you..." he says softly, pinching a nut from Sherlock's palm. "I want those things, just from you."
He bites his lip and pulls him closer.
He whimpers. "Please. Let me come. Please."
“Thank you, Mummy.” She kisses her cheek sweetly.
"Oh..." Sabine seemed to pause to collect herself. "I... I was under the impression that you never wanted to speak to me, ever again." She swallows.
He blushes and whimpers softly, nodding. “Yes.. please..”
"You asked me here... To spend time... And I feel like I may have ruined the night with my issues." Mycroft says, softly, watching him. "Ridiculous that a confident person who works at Vauxhall would be so... Much less confident when it comes to personal relationships."
He gasps, holding back a moan as the plug moves inside him.
Mycroft groans as Sherlock pulls him into a harsh kiss.
He kisses his neck and rocks against him.
“When is he not?” Morna purrs and kisses John back, pressing against him.
He frowns. "Oh."
‘So it’s difficult. But we’re doing our best.’
He kisses her back desperately.
Lydia blushes as she looks at them, her moans growing.
Jean blushes and gasps as he hears Benny's voice again. "Daddy.. so good.."
Mycroft blushes and leans down to hide his face. "I just.. Love you so much."
She cries out and comes hard as he marks her.
'Come, Daddy.'
“You want a nice thick cock to fill you up?”
He chuckles softly and smiles. "So adorable.."
He can feel the heat from John’s body, the need, and the longing. “Having me close does help you, doesn’t it?” He asks softly, sounding surprised that he actually helped John feel better.
He falls into step beside the giggling Alpha as they leave the scene of flashing lights behind them.
“Ah, the cavalry has arrived.” Mycroft grins.
Sherlock sits up as much as he can, trying to show John that he's serious. "Please.. You need to get some rest. In an actual bed. I'll still be here."
Sherlock hums and lays down with Kia on his chest. “I hope hes okay.” He murmurs.
John kisses Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock frowns when he sees him. "Greg?"
Violet moans and bucks her hips. “God yes..”
Mycroft smiles. “I love her so much. I wish I could do something to show her that.” He says softly, looking at all the see through and lacy garments Sherlock has. “They all look a little small.” He frowns.
He smirks and pushes past her cervix.
He nods as they pull back. ‘Give him hell.’
He follows behind him closely.
"How about a drink before we talk?” George smiles and hand Greg and Mycroft drinks before passing them out to everyone else except to sky who declines.
He blushes and hums. “Yeah.. sleepy..”
Sherlock pulls out of him, pissing over his thighs as he finishes.
"What if he somehow gets by that?"
“Thank you.” Sherlock says softly. “Do you know if she’s working alone?” He asks.
John pulls away. “I think we’re being watched, love. Let me introduce you to our family.” He says softly.
Joann wraps her arm around John. “You don’t have to compel them all the time. I only compelled you a handful of times. As long as you all are healthy and happy that’s what matters.”
He leans in and kisses him deeply.
“No no.” Sherlock shakes his head. “I just mean every time I get to taste you it’s so refreshing.”
Sherlock leads them to the Komodo dragon.
"I can't!"
“Myc, something is seriously wrong with this town. Sherlock’s right.”
“You’re welcome, bee.” Mycroft nuzzles him. Anthea and sky pull off, kissing deeply.
Ms. Cheyenne moans and arches, wondering if he’ll be surprised when milk starts to flow from her as he sucks.
“Did they ever find the kid?”
“Mmhmm. He’s in bed with a man we met tonight.” She smiles and sips her drink.
Greg hums as he gets up to unlock the door, wanting to be ready for when others come.
John nods. “If she’s okay with that then yeah. That’s fine.” He smiles.
“Your mother won’t have to testify unless she wants to. Your father’s testimony will put Jacobs away for life.” Sherlock says softly.
The boys get in the back.
She blushes and whimpers, pressing against him.
They go out to the car.
He hums and kisses him back.
“Everything alright?” Anthea asks Harry.
“Oh fuck yes.” He moans and arches, keeping his legs open wide as his cock leaks like a faucet.
"Sounds like fun." Sky smiles. "I'd never say no to a free drink." Lucas smirks.
John sits in his chair and reads over Sherlock's chart.
Greg just hums and wraps his arm back around Crystal’s waist. “Thanks.” He says softly.
"Please what? I don't know what you want."
“Wedding?” Sherlock smiles.
He moans and presses into her, kissing her neck and chest.
He leads her out to sit in the cabin.
'Mm maybe we can go watch.'
She giggles and kisses his head.
They smile a bit at him.
“Together.” Sherlock scoops John up and sets him in his lap, kissing him deeply.
He tests the ties, blushing.
Mycroft nods. "Yes, all right." He murmurs, pressing a kiss to Greg's lips.
"How do you want me, handsome?"
He hums and pours him a mug, passing it to him.
"Enjoying myself. Having a good time." She smiles.
"With the new doctor?" John asked, looking over to find Sherlock staring at his phone. "The Omega one? Or with someone else?"
She takes him further into her mouth as she eases a finger into him.
He cuddles him and rubs his back.
He nods and watches Turk’s hands.
“Oh please. You’re my entire world.” John smiles and takes his hand.
Dark barks and runs over to Nina when he sees her.
“Nothing to worry about, John.”
He blushes. "She is?" He smiles, looking at Eli's cock. "It feels brilliant, fills me up so bloody much."
"You really are just perfect." He nearly whines, nosing at his neck.
He blushes. “Can I be blind folded, sir? And I’d like you to fuck me before you get them, if that’s alright. Get me nice and open and filled with your cum.”
He relaxes in bed with them.
The cabbie stops at the address. "Well it looks like the ride is free." The cabbie sighs as he looks at the exact amount for the fair. "Thanks for the ride." Sky smiles and gets out of the cab, holding the door open for Sherlock to follow.
Lydia hums softly and snuggles next to her.
He whimpers softly and nuzzles him.
Leona smiles. “You’re pretty strong Margaret. Do you use magic for that?” She asks.
Pythia hugs her close, feeling Diōnē’s energy inside her. “She’s with you. She’s safe.” She whispers.
Mycroft smiles at their interactions.
She strokes him as she kisses and licks the leaking tip, moaning breathily at the taste. "Mm you've wanted me so badly ever since you found out John knocked me up." She purrs, slowly swallowing him down.
And you said, "That's fine."
Mycroft smiles and rubs his hands down and around his hips. “Why don’t we let Morna rest and you can show me around, brother? What should I wear?” He asks.
"I'm perfectly fine, love. Besides we have to get planning the holiday to Sussex." He nuzzles him.
"Mm smells wonderfully caffeinating."
“T-talk to me.” Sherlock rocks into his hand.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Anything you want.” Taylol smiles softly.
He curls up against them, hiding his face.
He can’t remember the last time he was this close and tender with someone. He presses soft kisses into John’s hair. Over and over, until he’s certain that ever hair has had at least one kiss to it.
“My pleasure.” She smiles and follows him inside.
Sherlock gasps and squirms before he pushes back against Collin's tongue. "Please.. Fuck me."
She hums softly and relaxes back against him in the back. "You're really getting a hang of this dream thing.." She mumbles quietly, keeping her eyes closed.
He moans as he takes him deep.
He chuckles. "Oh right. Thank you." He turns and leads her to the kitchen.
He blushes. 'Really?'
“He’s good at helping babies along.”
He whines and kisses him back desperately. "Jean.."
"I love you, too."
He shrugs a bit. “Just whatever is around that I think would be hot. Sometimes I think about putting your phone in your cunt and calling you again and again so your phone vibrates your cunt.”
Zack smiles softly and follows.
Sherlock nuzzles John, smiling a bit. “I guess so.” He chuckles softly.
He smiles brightly. "It was brilliant!"
He strips when they get there.
He chuckles and starts to shave her head, leaving just a mohawk.
'Mm, I know. You should be ready..'
He whimpers and presses closer against him, moaning into his chest.
Greg nods and finishes his tea. “Just like in the force.” He murmurs before standing and leaving Crystal to herself as he goes into the bathroom to draw his blood.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Yes, I’m sure she will.”
John nods. “I’m fine. I just want to speak to you, about what’s happened to Greg. He woke up, and there’s something I need your... expertise on.” He explains.
John swallows hard and nods, running his hand through his hair. "Sorry, Sorry..." He muttered. "Just worried about him."
He whimpers. "Yes, sir."
“I can help with that.” Anthea nods. “I have contacts. We can get something going.”
He blushes and nods. "Please, Daddy!"
"She's amazing." Chloe smiles.
“If you want.” She smiles.
They soon pull up to their house.
He nuzzles her softly.
He blushes. “Please..” He begs softly.
He blushes and nods. "Yes, Sir."
Everyone smiles at him from the door. John comes in and smiles. He kisses Sherlock softly.
"I always wanted you. Always."
Dear Fiancé,
He holds him close.
He smiles and rubs his thighs.
She kisses him back tenderly.
She moans, rocking between them.
He closes his eyes and nuzzles against him.
"Yes yes." She moans, legs tightening around him.
"Who would have thought the great Sherlock Holmes would ever allow himself to be at the mercy of a seven year old." John teased as he unpacked the few things that they had brought.
“Now Maggie what do you think, paddle or o-gag for our little vamp?” John chuckles.
He smiles. “Mhmm.”
Sherlock smiles softly down at him.
John hums softly, and looks to Margaret. “Are there not any ghosts older than Lydia?” He asks softly.
“No. Because if they tell anyone they’ll be seen as crazy. You lot can vanish. You have the money, resources, and experience to do it. You always have supernatural abilities. You have a huge advantages over any human. You are all basically billionaire mutants. Humans have nothing on you. Other humans won’t believe them, they’d have no evidence, and you lot run everything already. So no.” Greg shakes his head.
“Mm alright.”
"Please."
“You will die for what you did to my family. You will die the same way you hurt them.” John snarls.
He smiles and stands with Jean and Jacob.
He turns his face into John’s hand. “I’m sorry..”
She mewls softly and pushes her belly into his hands. "Really?" She still has her eyes closed.
She smiles and gets a wheelchair. "Careful now. You might feel a bit light headed because this is the first bit of real movement you've had in a few days. We'll just take it slow and see how you feel.." She helps him into the chair.
She huffs and stands slowly. ‘At this rate I’ll have to have them come to me.’ She walks away slowly, looking for Micheal or Zack.
She giggles and kisses his chest.
"Michael!" She cries out and comes hard around him as she feels him fill her.
Sky soon comes out in a puffy ball gown much like a Cinderella dress.
He blushes brighter and purrs as his belly is rubbed.
Sherlock hurries to take George’s place, pushing into Violet.
He whimpers and rocks into his hand. "Please, Daddy.."
"Why would he be mad at you, Mikey?"
She cries out and comes hard, squirting around him.
John nods. “But I’m glad you exist.” He kisses her tenderly, pulling her into a tight hug.
He sighs a bit. “No.”
“When things are calm we’ll get to know each other again.”
Cecil kisses his head gently, dozing off with him.
Sherlock whimpers, not having been properly fucked in days.
He pulls her closer and squeezes her arse.
Max smiles. "Brilliant, can we go tomorrow?"
Sherlock pulls him closer and kisses him. "Do you want me to get you something for your throat?" He nuzzles him.
He smiles and kisses her shoulder softly.
He takes a sip of his drink
His face is flushed as she pulls back.
“Mm you are the best husband in the world.” She grins and kisses him deeply. “Mm you could even have them fuck me in either form..” She nips at his lips.
Sky leaves the room, going to check on the babies. After feeding and changing them she goes to see Dark, shifting to wolf form and going out to the woods around the house. She howls out for him.
He stops to wait for him to calm down before slowly taking him into his mouth.
"Mm dunno." She giggles and nuzzles him.
"Dad did it too... had them record it."
He kisses him and cups his face in his hand. "Let me take care of you.." He moves the seat back so John is reclined.
"That's...yes, that's...what? I hardly think I'm capable of relaxing, John."
a man made of superior stock. John appreciates his genius, is in blatant
I had a few minutes to sit and write interrupted. The term "social distancing" doesn't mean squat when you're in healthcare. I am working fifty-nine hours this week and need a bit of fantasy to clear my mind. Saying that, this chapter probably won't be great. I'm throwing it out there without editing...mental vomit, if you will. Also, it is again very short. Posting is something to do to prevent from going completely wacko. It's the only way I can think of to spit in the eye of the pandemic. Fuck you, Covid-19, and the unfortunate mammal you rode in on.
Sherlock's skin shimmers, fine beads of moisture dotting his flesh. It's riveting. Droplets swell, and break, and trickle down the dip in his back. Sweet Christ, the man's damn near sparkling, lit within by liquid crystalline fairy lights. John's mouth waters imagining the sweet briny sweat on his tongue. Licking Sherlock. Tasting Sherlock. Simply eating him all up with a spoon.
"Alright, so be it," the genius breathes, his long graceful fingers tucked behind his hamstrings. "Am I expected to sit down?"
"Suh...Sir," Sherlock croaks, "thank you, Sir. If I might...may I..." he begs off, coughing from the dryness in his throat.
"Jo...Jo..." Sherlock tries, he really does try, to protest John's feral brutality. Those lips though, and that tongue, doing such wonderful things to his jawline...and
"Ehhh, I believe, Captain, that they were dependent on my skills of deduction."
"One," Captain Watson gives a hard yank to the willful squadie's locks. "You conduct grossly unsanitary and ill-considered experiments
"Mmmm..." the tip of his nose is just the tip of the iceberg.
Captain Watson sniffs. "Still, I am not a sentimental man, or prone to romantic ideals; and as such, I'm delighted to carry out the injunction when necessary. Do you understand?"
This work has perhaps the longest foreplay scene in the whole BBC Sherlock fandom. Well, finally, here it is, folks...the beginning of the sex scene that should have come 20k ago.
because you smashed them dead-center. Well done, you." Sherlock's voice is two octaves higher than normal.
Also, this is more of a sneeze than a chapter. I didn't realize it was so short when I posted. Sorry about that!
"Do you, Private Pissant, believe you're up to snuff?" John's coffee-scented breath is cloying and hot as molten lava. "Pathetic." The heated words wend their way through Sherlock's ear canals and cook his brain. What remains of the organ crumbles into fine baby pink ash. It lays there, scattered and unnoticed. There'll be no upcoming blog post defining
? His lover must be unhappy. John finds him lacking. Captain Watson's reproach is justified. He is a pissant. John, wonderful solid perfect John, is displeased. The evidence of his hypothesis is copious - and damning. He is rude, thoughtless, callous, and straight-up dictatorial. He's self-involved and self-serving.
Silvery metal shackles. They're not Graham's spares, obviously, those are tucked away in the Belstaff. Additionally, these cuffs display no evidence of rough treatment. To wax poetic, these handcuffs remain unchristened, dare one say, unspoilt and virgin? A sweet sentiment, that, for such an item. The detective eyes John as he casually loops the chain about his hooked thumb. The business-ends sway loose and extend wide from the joint. These aren't handcuffs, they're argentate asps poised to bite. Sherlock momentarily loses himself, caught in a flashback of darker days.
His mouth claps shut, unfortunately before his tongue makes its escape. Sherlock squeezes all ten toes to keep from swearing. Again. Handcuffs. Their presence is relatively innocuous, despite being awkward and uncomfortable. Sherlock hones in on the guileless length of ribbon. His lungs deflate into tragically shriveled balloons.
John's breathing is increasingly laboured. The man is standing right behind him. Something somewhere has to give. Sherlock's ready to offer everything he is, everything he has. He'll follow John Watson's command, no matter how ridiculous, now and until the end of his days. "Teach me the art of self-discipline, Captain. It's obvious now how much I need it. Yes, I see. You've had years of experience and I," he pleads, "have never achieved any success."
Sherlock's train of thought has taken less than two seconds.
John turns away, taking his heat along with him. Sherlock's flesh pebbles into rock-hard goose bumps. His ears prick - the grating click of metal scraping on wood, and then itself. The Private's head is encircled in soft, silky smooth velvet. Sherlock deduced that his Captain has secured it with a slip knot, complete with bow. Cool steel wraps around his wrists. He both hears and feels the zip of rachet sliding against pawl.
Even so. He's a slut, not sub-intelligent.
Expect drama, determination, and the start of an epic game of chess.
"Now, come closer - oh for God's sake, John. Please come here, and look at the state of my penis. Granted, it's softened due to the current lack of sexual stimulation, but take a look, and in your professional opinion, tell me what you see." John risks it. He slides closer. He takes a good look, as requested, as a physician well-versed in anatomy. The penis in question is dark pink, three-quarters erect, and perhaps, perhaps...seems a little
"What?" Sherlock bawls, knocking his chair over in getting to his feet. "How so?"
The captain giggles. "You think my plan is this pedestrian after going through all this trouble? Am I really so boring in bed? Yes, well. You're dead wrong, soldier. If we were playing Marco Polo we'd be at opposite ends of the pool." Sherlock grouches under his breath.
The detective trusts John, has trusted him from Day One. His best friend and trained physician
"Hmmm," John drinks it up, each sexy syllable. "At long last, you speak the truth. Carry on, Holmes. I like where this is going."
Sherlock."
John is getting carried away.
"Fuck!" Sherlock shouts, torso bowed, twisting away from the burn.
Sherlock shivers. No. He quakes. Sherlock's a 9.5 magnitude earthquake; bones splintering into dust, heart shattering into bloody, fragmented pieces. The detective reels at the mind-blowing visual.
"Bloody hell, are you serious?" Sherlock squawks, sounding unhinged. "What in Christ's name are you playing at?"
The point is...the point is, the point is...John is as quiet as a cat. Obviously, he'd slipped off his shoes, the sneaky bastard, whilst Sherlock was busy fighting for his sanity. Damn his frayed brogues and nappy woolly jumpers. He sports his own creative version of urban camouflage.
"It's cool for the season, yet I'm sweating like a sinner in church. I'm...shiny? Ah. I'm perspiring, quite heavily in fact. It's collected into beads on my skin due to surface tension. However, gravity takes charge, not allowing them to hold shape for very long. Indeed, rivulets of moisture have run straight into the crack of my arse. I can feel them falling. And, Sir? It feels quite squishy down there." Sherlock gives an experimental flex of his muscles. "Ah, shi- Captain, I'm so
Sherlock whimpers whilst John's fingers exit his body. He hears a gloopy squishing of lubricant. "Remove the blindfold?" Sherlock pleads, "I want to see your face." The smaller man obliges him, late afternoon gloom bright after the dark. His John is flush-faced, nearly wrecked, a gratifying fact. "Yes, thank you. You look...nice."
"Hush," the captain teases, "it's obvious you like this."
Sherlock's left eyebrow rockets a full inch above the blindfold. Secretly, John's impressed. "Interesting. Care to share?"
"At ease, Holmes," the captain soothes. "Relax, we're not under siege," John snorts merrily, "well, I'm not, obviously." Sherlock's face catches fire. He's literally been caught with his pants down. He must look ridiculous, sound ridiculous in his helplessness. It's a horrifying sensation, vulnerability. So why is it making him so hard?
The genius groans at the implication; and then he's panting, ragged and desperate. Private Holmes's will is cracking into pieces. The sudden influx of oxygen is overwhelming. It's too much. His mind goes muzzy. Sherlock's knees join in the fun and cry mutiny; first order of business being a battle with Earth's gravity. He's bobbling about, legs set to buckle. Sherlock colours in shame, aware of how ridiculous he looks. His body is splayed wide and jiggling like a two-penny whore's.
people consider Sherlock's research vile and macabre- but not
the doctor snips, "mind me now, or there will be unpleasant consequences. Be. Still." John frowns irritably as his lover plows on, his words completely ignored. Reaching forward with a practiced surgeon's thumb and one forefinger, he ruthlessly locks onto Sherlock's left earlobe and pinches.
John thinks, appalled,
. He's flailing, hips bucking, looking frantic as a fish out of water. Eventually, and after a fair bit of grunting, Sherlock flips over and faces the fireplace. A deluge of cool air bathes his forehead, so refreshing. A line of light peeks up from under the blindfold. Crunching noises, serviette in the bin.
. Sherlock's head is locked into such a severe angle that his hair brushes against the top of his back.
Sherlock rallies. He falls in. Parade rest.
John, doctor, ex-military medic, mild-mannered boyfriend and frequent conductor of light, is undergoing dare he say...a permutation. The man's entire demeanor is different. John's short, rounded body is hardening; mutating into a mass of taut muscle and menace. Sherlock has only twice before seen anything remotely like this happen. In both separate instances, his own life was in obvious peril.
"Oh, it's not I who curried favour here, Holmes. Which one of us begged for instruction? Don't you remember, or did the fridge rob you of your miraculous memory?
"My my, Holmes," Watson sniggers, "if only you could see what I see." The pink tip of John's tongue cleaves his lips. "You're no better than a rent boy wiggling his arse, trying to hustle a few quid." The CO sounds cruelly amused. "Expecting to garner my favour? Think again, tart. You'll not get a crumb off of me." The Captain leans in close, close enough that Sherlock can feel his blogger's blazing body heat. "Did you really think you could, Private," John murmurs, inching nearer, "you slag of a two-penny whore?" Watson tosses out one last insult, then spins away. "Pathetic. I'd expect more from a self-proclaimed
Sherlock tests the air with his nose,
"Yes, Captain Watson, Sir?" Sherlock squeaks. His cock has never felt so hot or hard inn his life. Ever, ever,
Whilst not the consultant's preferred sample collection method, Sherlock once solved a case by licking clues off the pavement in a car park. John had refused to kiss him for a week; wielding Sherlock's toothbrush to fend him off, agile as a fencing master. Will John want to snog if his lips are carpeted in sock lint? He thinks not. Sherlock places his tongue resolutely behind his teeth and thinks.
"Sorry, Sir! Never would I believe otherwise, Sir!"
"This is fantastic!"
"Good lot that did anyway," the doctor grunted. "Uppity twat."
rear trouser pocket due to being left hand dominant."
John giggles, breaking character, flicking long toes until Sherlock collapses to his side.
Also, sorry about the enormous time span, like, ridiculous, between postings (if anyone was actually waiting). I've had several new hits within the last few days but no additional kudos. That either means people didn't like my writing or that people who already gave me kudos were reading it again. Kudos, people. I need a bit of encouragement here! (Author blushes and shuffles feet in shame).
"You've not been released, I've signed no papers. Your arse is still mine, and I will do with it as I see fit."
"Spread your legs apart, Private. No, you dolt,
Sherlock corrals the few functioning neurons he has left to craft an answer. "No, Sir. Sorry, Sir, that was - that is," he coughs, "My wrists are bound together by steel handcuffs. New ones, Sir. They're in obviously impeccable condition. Position-wise, I'm resting on the couch. Ah," the genius stumbles, "when I say resting...I'm on my knees, Captain, kneeling on my knees. Or to be precise, on the cushion. I'm blindfolded and facing the wall."
Wait! Was that a squirrel?
"Sir," the genius groans, "yes Sir, I mean..."
Unable to stop himself, Sherlock twists. He needs to see the expression in John's eyes, completely forgetting about the damnable blindfold. Is John still playing the game? "As you were, soldier!" John bawls. "You were ordered to stay still, and you will do so!" A little freaked out by his lover's ferocity, Sherlock complies, wobbling slightly on tired knees. He  feels disorientated in more ways than one. The genius deems it best not to speculate. Insufficient data. A bit not good, that.
Sherlock groans, tormented beyond mental endurance. His arsehole contracts so fiercely in response to John's harangue that he wonders if his lover has noticed.  He's desperate be stuffed with John's cock...the captain's cock. Whatever. Sherlock wants to be buggered right bloody
He smiles and kisses him. "Mm. I'll text Myc and tell him that we have cake for him."
She blushes and smiles shyly as she relaxes back against him.
Greg nods. “I just don’t want to accidentally impregnate her. I... I still don’t have a handle on my abilities.” He explains.
“Here.” Sherlock handed him a cookie. “Take one down to Nana and you two can share it.”
He rocks his hips and gasps.
He holds him close as he deepens the kiss.
He bites his lip and nods.
“If anyone was going to be a real life Willy Wonka it would be Mycroft.” Sherlock snorts.
He rocks his hips back. "Please.."
"Why does it have to be like this? Why does it have to be a struggle all the time? We're good people! We help other people and save them for a living! Don't we deserve to be fucking happy and have some fucking peace!" Greg starts off quiet but it quickly turns into shouting. "Can't we have five minutes? Five god damned minutes to be happy and to fucking enjoy it without something creeping around the fucking corner waiting to drag us under again?! Do we ever get to be at peace? Ever?!"
"I can't mum... I can't. The last time we closed the bond he almost died. I can't..." John cries, shaking his head and rocking back and forth on the step. "Oh god, he's in so much pain."
Jared smiles and holds it close.
“They want to fuck you like Daddy does.” He smirks, snapping his hips.
John begins to laugh again, then with a wave of his hand says, "what are friends for, if they can't help you shove a synthetic cock up your own arse."
Sharon starts to rock her fingers faster, adding a third.
'Zack wouldn't mind if you kissed him but Chloe is getting impatient cause he's supposed to come and fuck her.' Sky hums in his head.
“Okay, we can work with a general area. What now?”
“Oi my mind wanders maybe not as detailed as yours but it does wander.” John sticks his tongue out and pulls on a pain of jeans.
"'M f-fine.. C-cramps.." She grits out between clenched teeth.
She look at Greg and he nods invitingly. She smiles tightly at Sherlock and nods.
"Cindy." She replies with a small smile. "I'm sorry for being so nosy, it's just...I don't see many single parents at the park and while it's fine, they just don't seem to understand our struggle."
John smiles and kisses Sherlock. “I’ve never seen you smile like that.” He whispers. “You look younger.”
John blushes a bit and chuckles.
He does as told and gasps softly. "I.." He looks around, amazed.
Crystal frowns a bit and nods. ‘She’ll get better now.’ She hums softly.
He whimpers and nods. “Please..”
‘You will. I can feel the maturing. Soon. You are still so young, my child. Be patient with yourself.’ Camille muses, would be smiling softly.
“God, you want me even deeper, don’t you?”
"Hands and knees." Collin smirks as he kisses Sherlock's neck.
He smirks. "Such a good girl for Daddy." He thrusts deeper. "Mm, of course. As soon as they come of age, we'll train them to be good, just like Sky. Use her as an example."
"Mm. What do you want this time? You need to use your words, Gregory."
They feel their dominance returning, thrusting harder. "Your cunt's so nice, little girl.."
Sherlock smiles and puts the toast in the toaster. “Would you like anything to go with it? An egg?”
He leans against Mycroft, looking around at the other stuff to do.
He relaxes with him, eyes closed.
It was true. He hadn't taken a look around the flat, too eager to get out of Baker Street before he stayed. Now he was taking a look around at all the improvements Sherlock had put into place. "You did an impressive job."
He smiles and kisses her back.
She smiles and cuddles into him.
"I suppose." Sherlock shrugged, getting out and drying off.
John pats Morna’s extended belly and chuckles. “You’re always as big as Sherlock.” He hums.
Dark sits to let the pup get used to his scent, hoping they would take him in.
He whimpers and writhes in their lap, rocking against their cock.
He smiles brightly, obviously excited.
Greg nods and thinks. “Just how powerful am I?” He asks quietly.
"Do you want to try something?"
"Mm.." John smiles.
Greg looks up and smiles at Sherlock as he comes back into the room.
He groans and lets him do what he wants, thrusting Violet between them.
“She was carrying twins actually. A boy and girl. The boy didn’t make it past infancy. The girl she trained to be like her.” He mumbles, remembering more and more of the stories. “She probably would have joined you had you not killed her husband. You left her a widow and her children fatherless. She hunted you for months. She didn’t even know she was pregnant when she started hunting you.”
"I love you, too.. So much.."
John smiles. "Thanks, love." He starts to eat.
Sherlock nodded.
“Being with you is always interesting, John.” Sherlock smiles a bit. “Mrs. Hudson and Watson are at the park if you want to pick her up there.” He says as they leave the office.
“A naval academy I think. She was a second lieutenant when Mycroft persuaded her away.” Sherlock shrugged. “Why? Going to try and sleep with her, too? I thought she already rebuffed you.”
"Are you stretched?" Mycroft kisses his neck.
“I’m going to kill you. I’m going to rip your head from you very body and enjoy watching your blood leave your treacherous body.” John throws the note into the fire.
"I love you, too.." He mumbles as he presses soft kisses to his skin.
He licks his lips. “Busy little slut.”
He frowns. "I don't want to.. you can figure it out."
She blushes and smiles. "Dirty thing, you.."
Sky mewls and blushes.
Helea nods. “That’s excellent. John, I’m presuming that a ceremony will be in order once Sherlock has become immortal?” She asks.
John holds him in his mouth till he becomes to sensitive. John rests his forehead on Sherlock thigh and kisses it.
Chloe slowly thrusts her fist into her.
“I love you too John, to the ends of the Earth and back.” Sherlock whispers as he kisses John’s ear. “Finish up your breakfast, and then we can start planning our way to Romania.” Sherlock says as rests one hand on John’s thigh.
He presses kisses to his belly and adds a second finger.
He smiles softly and kisses him. “Do you want me to stretch you or do you want to?”
"Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts
Greg hums and sucks his lip gently.
He blushes, looking down at his feet, really liking Wanda and Issach.
Sherlock frowns. “Take the agent.”
“I know, baby. You don’t get Daddy’s cock nearly enough, do you?”
"James!" He cries out and comes hard suddenly.
Collin chuckles. "Oh, she's gonna love you if you bring those horses."
“Mm, afraid not.”
“My shoulder. It was a sniper. A clean through and through.” John hums, ignoring the subtle ache in his shoulder that he knows is a phantom pain from just the memory. “We were ambushed in a bombed out little town. I was pulling back injured guys from the front so they wouldn’t get shot more. And I got hit. Apparently I didn’t notice because the other guys had to stop me for going back and pulling more men out.”
"I want you to fuck me tomorrow."
"Yes.. please, Daddy.. let him fuck me with his monster cock.. want him to pound me until I scream."
Mycroft's hair is a mess as he nods, his eyes are as wide as the grin on his face. Harry arches her back and leans down. She doesn't nuzzle, doesn't lick or tease, just bites.
"Umm no you're not. You still healing from getting shot. Not to mention the drug that stopped your heart and gave you a seizure. So no you're not fine."
"A bit of both, I suppose. Enticement."
Mycroft nods slowly. "Please, Gregory..."
Michael blushes brightly. 'Oh..'
He moans and presses all the way into her. “Oh my god..”
Sherlock hums. “He doesn’t like people.”
Sally cries out and comes hard, squirting around him.
"Mm you've been a very good boy for daddy. I think you deserve something special.." Greg smirks.
Her tail wags a bit as she tastes him leaking. She licks him more excitedly, wrapping her tongue around him cock.
Brian moans loudly. "So deep.." He nearly drools at the feeling.
He grins and laughs. "Who won the pool, then?"
“You’ve got me so deep, love. Such a good boy.” He praises, rocking his hips.
“Oh? Those two that you came in with?”
He rocks his fingers and rubs his prostate.
"Gregory, truth or dare?"
"I've never lied in my life!" Sky goes back out to the sitting room bring David tea. "That in itself is a lie." He smiles. Greg chuckles as he sits pasta in front of John.
Mel moans and arches as she holds onto the table so he can fuck her as hard as he wants. Her pussy pulses around him, warm and wet nearly sucking his cock deeper into her.
Mycroft smirks and takes them back to the tent where he and Sherlock had been.
He smiles softly. “Yes, I know..”
He gasps and whimpers, realizing now why Greg gave him so much tea. "Y-Yes, please.."
Mycroft has a hand wrapped tightly around his cock.
Cecil slowly rocks into his mouth.
Sherlock's hands slip down lower and slowly cup Mycroft's arse.
They all go to the car.
“Are you going to tell John that you and him are the same age?” Mycroft asks, “because his mother being alive is one thing. Not aging, and not being a vampire is another.” He says in a bored tone.
'Have you eaten today?'
Sherlock nods and goes to her, showing her the different features. “If you’ll both excuse me I’m going to check on Crystal and my mother to see if they need anything.” John stands, smiling softly.
"Good. Once he saw his friends, he took off like I was yesterday's news." John laughed from behind his paper. "He likes walking to school with Gladstone. I think he talked to the dog more than he talked to me. And Gladstone likes the walk."
“I like you a lot..” He blushes, mumbling softly.
He nods and smiles.
Michael rubs his arms over his scars, biting his lip as he waits.
He smiles and follows Sharon’s movements.
He raises a brow, smiling a bit. "For what?"
“Why do you ignore me, John?” Myropis asks, “you didn’t even remember my name until Morna told you it. If you gave me some respect and decency, this would all be different.”
He holds his head and rocks into his mouth slowly.
“Of course.” Sky smiles. “Better?” She looks down at his flat stomach and her newly rounded one.
“He’s had dry spells before Mycroft. He just isn’t desperate enough yet to drop his standards to get a leg over.” Sherlock grumbles.
He holds him and strokes him through it.
He blushes and kisses him.
He kisses him back softly.
He gasps and presses against him, wrapping his arms around him.
Nina nods and they go to get ready.
He smiles and kisses him back softly.
“Feels so good, Daddy..”
Sherlock stays up and plays his violin, choosing soft soothing melodies.
He moans loudly against her lips, coming hard into her.
“Ah I see. Very interesting.” He nods, talking back to him.
They all smile and raise their glasses in a toast.
“I know, Sire. I know.” Crystal says softly and squeezes her hand gently. “How about before you make any decisions pertaining to Greg you run them by me first? I’ll be your litmus test.”
Mycroft edges over to sit next to him, their thighs touching. "Good. I would hate for you to be in pain." He murmurs.
“Good girl.”
This is our fate,
“I’m just happy you boys finally figured things out. I was so worried you’d never get here.” Mrs. Hudson coos.
He puts Sherlock on his hands and knees and push into him, biting his neck hard.
“Better go find some more loads. I’m sure you’re getting desperate to come.”
He bites his neck and aims for his prostate.
He blushes and kisses him back hard.
He groans. “That’s it.. just like that.. so good..”
Sherlock nods and takes the largest knife from the knife stand. “What do I do with this?” He asks curiously.
He smiles and starts eating.
“Marry me?! Jesus...” John couldn’t even process that. “Mycroft, the things they did to him... why didn’t he... if he could shape shift... Why didn’t he escape? Why couldn’t he get away? They bloody tortured him... and you didn’t get him out quick enough.” John aches knowing what Sherlock went through. He wishes he had been taken along. Oh the wicked things he would have done to them all, to every person responsible.
He smiles shyly as they reach the study. “Mycroft’s usually in here.”
He smiles happily as he starts to get the hang of it.
Greg frowns. “It was horrifying.”
She moans, coming hard around his cock.
"God, so good, sir.."
“Because here they have their own blood supply. Out there they want use dead and not just to feed on us but to kill us.” John sits.
He smiles softly and cuddles him.
“Will he say no?” Sherlock asks. “What if I let him have his way with me tonight?” He asks softly. “Will He say yes?”
They start eating.
He relaxes against him, his head still spinning.
"Yes! Yes please!"
He kisses her softly and rubs her tights.
“Mm?”
He moans breathily, rocking with him. “Feels so good..”
Mycroft leans down to kiss his chest as he thrusts his finger.
John chuckles. "Can I kiss you?" He murmurs, not wanting to scare him after the morning's terror.
Sky smiles and relaxes against Turk.
Mycroft smiles and watches him for a while before falling asleep himself.
"What do you like, mm? Sucking cock? Getting fucked? I suppose it doesn't matter. It's about what we want, isn't it?" He smirks.
“Yeah? Be my gorgeous little sex slave?” Sherlock chuckles and kisses him softly.
Sherlock sighs sadly. “We’ll speak to Magdala, but I’m sure she’ll say yes. I love you, Dione. I want to make sure you’re safe. Always.”
He blushes brightly under him.
“Yes, Daddy. Want as much of you inside me as I can get.”
Diōnē smiles softly and leans against her sister as they go to the car.
He blushes and nods. “Yeah..”
He bites his lip and nods. “Okay..”
He blushes brightly and nods. "I.. I wanna be a good boy.." He mumbles.
He leans against him slightly.
He smiles and pulls him to the bath.
He blushes and nods, moving to lay on the bed, keeping his arms and legs out for them to tie him up.
He spreads his legs and rocks the plug.
“I don’t see how she could lose.”
"Mm okay.." She snuggles against him and closes her eyes.
"I just.. You're so nice to me.. I don't get why."
"Shush. I was talking about you."
Greg comes back a little while later and takes a shower. He dresses and talks to John in the kitchen. Greg goes into the bedroom and flops into bed next to Sherlock. "So.." He hums.
She presses him back against the bed and kisses down his body. "Mm I want to tie you down and use you like a fucktoy." She smirks and nuzzles his cock.
“Good?” He smirks, rocking into him slowly.
Greg smiles softly and rubs his back. "After all the shit I've been through I don't think there's any option left than to accept." He rubs his back. "You're safe with me, kid. I promise."
This is all he ever needed to hear. All this time not knowing how to heal, how to explain the constant buzz of anger in his chest since Sherlock left. Even after his return, John was constantly angry. He never could place why. But here, now, with Sherlock in his arms, it’s like all of his internal wounds – far uglier than any of these physical scars – are finally healing. All he had needed was to know Sherlock loved him back.
Greg's frown deepens. "I.. Wh-What?"
He hums and carries her to a room, setting her on the bed on her back and kneeling between her legs.
He wants Sherlock to be louder, as loud as he possibly can. He adds two finger besides his tongue and continues to stroke him. He rubs over his prostate and the head of his cock at the same time.
He moans breathily, already leaking.
He frowns a bit. "Have you wanted to? I hadn't even known when your birthday was."
He blushes. “Yes, ma’am. You just taste so good.”
"It missed you too." John tells him.
"My head. Please."
He whimpers as he watches Sherlock lick his come off his lips.
He kisses her again once they're there.
"Car crash." The words sounded shaky as they left her mouth, "he was coming home in the middle of the night and one of those large trucks...the driver fell asleep at the wheel and collided with Arthur's car. They told me it was quick, that he was killed instantly. As if that was supposed to help me deal with the news that my whole world had turned upside down." She took a few shaky breaths, clearly trying to keep from tearing up. After a moment she asked, "and you? What happened that you had a falling out?"
“We recognize our own.” He chuckles.
“I would still be able to fuck you.” John says with a frown, not understand what Sherlock meant.
"Mm. Thank you, love."
He smiles and nuzzles his chest. "Thank you, Sherl.."
He pulls him to the bed.
“How are you feeling?” Sky asks softly as they walk back to the room.
Greg hums. "Hey, if we go to a place with proper drinks after this, I'll buy the first round."
“Good.” Joe smiles.
"God yes.. gag on my fucking cock."
Sherlock nodded, willingly going with John to the couch. He sat down and let John take care of him.
He frowns and goes quiet. "I.. I'm never going to be your first.."
Camille nods. “You won’t get ill. Ever again. No sickness. No colds or headaches.” She says softly.
He relaxes with him.
“Sure. Is she in labor yet?” Turk asks.
Her expression is soft but falters when she sees Greg's bandaged chest. She doesn't ask what happen she just gives him a tight smile. "The weather is nasty today. The weather man said we might even lose power. I just wanted to come up and make sure you boys had everything you needed." She says looking to John. "We're fine Mrs. Hudson." John assures her. "Good good. If you need me I'm right down stairs.." She says and heads for the door. "Oh and Mrs. Turner wanted to know when the wedding is?" She asks.
John smirks and sinks to his knees in front of her. "Mm, it seems you've got something in my way." He rubs her through her panties.
John moans loudly into her skin he adds another finger and starts to thrust them hard into her. “Tell me if it hurts.”
"You look beautiful, kid." Zack smiles.
Sherlock chuckles and follows her out.
Sherlock frowns and nods. “I don’t know if there’s a way to find a mate that doesn't happen by accident.”
“There’s a garden with no sun so it’s safe for you.” Lydia grins. “Really?” Sherlock smiles and takes John’s hand. “Really really. Maggie built it special.” Lydia smiles and starts to lead them out of the room.
He flinches again when another clap of thunder sounds.
She pants and whimpers, he was bigger than she expected.
He blushes and sits at the table.
John groans and cries out loudly as he comes without warning, his come splattering Sherlock’s abdomen.
John nods. "I know, love."
‘Good. When does this start? Where do I go?’
He puts his arm around his shoulder, pulling him closer.
John sighs. "Alright, Sherlock. Whatever you say." John shakes his head not knowing what to say.
"Mm b-be my guest. She hardly listens to me as it is. Unless it's about my job. T-that is the only part of me she actually seems kind of proud of.." Greg shrugs.
"I love you."
She gently loosens his knots and slowly works his muscles so they can relax.
They follow her, smirking as they see George fucking himself on Steve and Cecil’s cocks.
He smiles and starts to walk to Mr. Holmes' room.
Sherlock blushes and relaxes against him, loving the gentleness of the moment.
“We can tell them it’s none of their business. Or we’re waiting. Or that you have a few loads of my cum plugged up inside you as we speak.” Sherlock rubs John’s back. “Or we don’t have to say anything.”
“Yes, Daddy! Need that!” He whimpers, his cock throbbing.
John doesn't need to be told why they're stopping before he's practically jumping out of the vehicle, gun at the ready. His finger turns the safety off as they slowly approach the abandoned van, eyes on the lookout for any sign of movement.
He blushes and nods, whimpering a bit as his cock throbs.
Michael looks up as she turns around.
She leans in and rubs his thighs, licking his clit slowly.
“A few. You’re going to have to knock her up again to catch up.” Greg licks his lips as he watches John.
"I.. I'm scared.."
Greg blushes, looking back at Sherlock. "He's brilliant."
He smirks and pulls back to strip.
He smiles and kisses her neck.
"A surprise?" Greg asks as they walk arm in arm. "Only you could make that sound exciting and terrifying at they same time." Greg smiles.
She moans whorishly, her eyes watering from the pain and pleasure.
He smiles and eats. “Want another? Or something else?”
Crystal closes her eyes and rests, feeling safe in his arms.
"Mm such a good slut." He praises and pushes him into him slowly so he doesn't hurt him with his huge cock.
Pete blushes brighter, stammering a bit. “A-And for you two?” He kneels beside the table to be level with the kids.
“Turk.” She whines as he pushes past her cervix easily.
She relaxes under him. ‘Not bad.’
“Anything for you, baby.” He kisses him deeply before pulling back. He has her kneel and strokes his huge cock right in front of her face. “Can you believe all this was inside you? Filling your needy cunt and womb. Look at you. So round and gorgeous. Full of my seed.” He groans, stroking himself faster.
John wraps his arms around him, resting his hand over Sherlock's heart.
She smiles softly and kisses him. "You are amazing.."
Sky would gasp and whine if she could breathe.
Michael smiles softly and nuzzles him.
John looks to Sherlock. “I’m not living off Sherlock’s energy. He doesn’t have surplus energy like we have surplus blood. Plus I’m still going to be physically aging. I don’t want to look decrepit on Sherlock’s arm. I don’t want to be an embarrassment.” He frowns.
"Poison!" Lydia comes running in with a vial. "He's been poisoned!" She fills a syringe and injects him.
Sherlock's face tightens. "Oh, John..." He says. "As... As much as I wish that was true..." He chewed his lip.
“Good boy.” Mycroft kisses his cheek and gives Violet her smoothie. “Thank you, love.” Violet smiles and does her best to drink some.
She whimpers and let's him lead her to bed.
He groans with each bump they go over.
Sherlock heard John sigh and nudges him with his hand. “What’s wrong? I can help.” He offers softly, as he opens his eyes and slowly turns to face John. “We have to have complete trust in each other from now on, you can tell me anything.” He whispers.
Sherlock smiles shyly, leaning in to kiss him softly. "Mm, hi.."
He smiles as he feels them kick.
"It looks great. I have no idea how you heal so fast. I'll be able to take the stitches out in a few days." John smiles and puts the bandage back. "Great. Thank you, Doctor Watson." Sky smiles as she pours the batter into the pan.
"I love you. I love you. I love you." He holds him tight and kisses his head.
“The dragon, it’s over there.” Nathaniel shouts, pointing to Lydia.
"I had," John admits, "you, me, our bed. Some alone time."
"Maybe her secret is she's murdered people in cold blood for kicks. Or maybe..." She says darkly, yanking Mycroft's trousers down his legs and letting them get caught around his shoes. "She likes to collect little glass animal figurines."
"I'll let you get back to chatting.” He smiles and leaves her.
He moans and arches.
He smiles and presses a kiss to his forehead. "Thank you."
He smiles softly and holds him, murmuring soothing things to him.
He smiles and goes to join Sam.
"I'm fine." She says softly, finally leaning against him. "I'm sorry I yelled at your dad. You mum was right. I shouldn't have done that. I know he didn't mean it that way but just.. I couldn't hear that. Not today of all days." She whispers.
He calls him again. “Gregory, please, I need you to call me back. Please, I’m sorry.” His breathing picks up as he calls again.
"Okay. A bit nauseous."
She relaxes into him, eyes still closed.
He blushes and closes his eyes
“Come here mum, can I have a hug?” John whispers, wanting his mum to tell him everything would be okay.
He holds his hips and grinds up into him.
The ringing finally stops and Sherlock smiles as he feels Greg relax under him.
John hesitates slightly, but nods, slowly.
John grinds against him. He presses his face into his shoulder. "Sherlock." He whimpers.
Sky whimpers and tips head head back to give him more room as she feels his cock nudge against the plug in her cunt.
He smirks as he watches. "Such good girls.."
*All he said was he’d be indisposed.-SH*
Sky nuzzles into Eli. "Wake up sleepy head."
She hums softly and kisses him back.
He hums. "Just relaxing a bit."
He slowly pulls out of Carol.
Ryan smirked darkly. "Mm... Can't wait to get you two into bed..." He murmured.
He kisses him deeply, keeping up a steady pace.
Sherlock feels Greg relax under him and smiles slightly.
Sky blushes brightly, feeling people watching.
"That's it. You've got it!" She praises.
John puts the knife away. “It’s alright. It’s just giving me a weird energy.” He shrugs and nods.
"Mm I like how you hold me.." She purrs and nuzzles him.
"Rest, love.. You need it.." He hums softly and holds him closer.
Sherlock blushes brightly. "I.. You're okay with it?"
His boss gives him a long break since he had been working so hard without a break. John soon comes back.
Greg chuckles smiles softly.
Mycroft sighs into the kiss, running one hand from Greg's shoulder to the waistband of his pants.
Sherlock swallowed thickly. "Uh-uh..." He croaked. "I would remember..." He felt his face flush.
“Good girl.” Mycroft presses his hand between her legs, feeling her slick. “So wet for us already.” He kisses her neck and rubs the tip of his cock against her slick hole.
“I know she does. She takes cock so well.” Cecil smirks and Violet blushes.
“I..” Sherlock sighs softly. “What I want is to spend the rest of my life with him but it has to be his choice to be turned. I don’t want him to do it for me because I don’t want him to resent the decision if things get hard.”
Lydia leaves John with Anthea and Mycroft. "Sherlock? Are you alright?" Lydia asks and crouches down to look at him.
John walks the halls, knowing Myropis is watching.
She nods, relaxing for her as well.
Sherlock moans happily, pressing close as they kiss.
Sherlock frowns when none of them come back, sitting out in the waiting room.
John smirks as he strokes his cock.
"I told them not to engage. If they're is a threat they need to pull back because they don't know what Ford's capable of. But they didn't. They stood their ground and picked the wrong battle. At least if I can patch them up they'll live to fight another day. Two gun shot wounds non life threatening and possible internal bleeding."
"I'm sure you could."
Sky sighs and goes down to the gym.
He chuckles softly, watching him happily.
Mycroft shakes, pulling the blanket around himself. "It's my fault.. Everything.. My fault.."
“I’ll let you pick this time. Pick how many babies you want from Daddy.” He smirks, letting the tip of his cock push past her cervix and holding it there.
He smiles softly.
"Tell me what you want. Tell me what you're going to do to me." He moans softly and nips at his lip.
He smiles. "Yes, I thought he could use some after his meetings. I've also made tarts for John and some sweets for Sherlock."
Greg licks into his mouth and sucks on his tongue, pushing the whip cream into his mouth.
Sherlock moans as he eagerly swallows his cum.
“I.. can I think about it for a bit?” Mycroft asks, wanting time to chose carefully.
"Thank you, Gregory. Have you picked one?" He smiles.
“Of course you can.” John smiles. “Remember if you’re to do anything more than this, go back to our bedroom. No sex where Kia could see.” He reminded him, kissing Sherlock softly.
He crawls over to the women.
Benny and Jean follow him inside.
"Yes, Sir." Sherlock nods and slicks his fingers. Turk moans as Sherlock starts to stretch him.
Nina practices a few times before trying again, finally getting one in. “Yay!”
Mrs. Hudson smiles softly. “Whatever you think, dear.” She says softly, knowing he doesn’t want her and Rosie to feel unsafe.
He licks her back gently.
"Sherlock." John says, warningly.
"I want to know." She blushes and nods.
“Make Sky feel good right now. Give her a big load. Make her gag.” He smirks before deepening the kiss and sucking on his tongue.
“If you want me to.” She kisses him.
Sherlock closes his eyes in pleasure as he takes Greg in further.
"Ready to go home, love?" He rubs his back.
"I love you, too.." He kisses him back and smiles
“Is Mycroft one as well? And is he really your brother?”
He holds him close.
"You're so beautiful. Such a good boy. Begging so nicely." Collin praises as he strokes him and adds a second finger.
He smiles and laughs.
He nuzzles against him.
"Okay." He kisses him and takes his fingers out.
When John wakes, there's a nurse checking on Sherlock, smiling knowingly.
“Hi.” She smiles softly when she sees him.
“Oh I don’t know if I’ll want bunnies and puppies, I’ll just want lots of hugs from and daughter and my boyfriend.” Sherlock smiles softly.
"Well at the moment all I can think about is bending you over this bar and fucking you till you scream." He licks lips and his hips rock subtly.
He blushes and smiles. "I.. I haven't told you both yet. I'm going to tell mummy at dinner tonight, but I'm going to marry Gregory."
He moans loudly as he pushes deeper into his throat, coming hard.
He strokes his leaking cock and marks his neck as he fucks him.
Greg holds her hips and presses kisses to her belly, mumbling how much he loves them.
He moans loudly, gagging as he tries to swallow everything.
Michael frowns a bit when he sees her. "Sky?"
Mycroft blushes brightly, holding back a whimper.
James leans in and kisses him deeply.
"Good girl."
Mycroft holds onto Greg as John goes check on everything.
"She's stress baking. Care to join us for a sample of every pastry my mother knows how to make?" He's halfway down the hall when he stops and turns to Mycroft. His eyes bright with an idea.
Her eyes widen and she moans louder, grinding onto her tongue.
"Do you want me to fuck and fill your perfect arse?" She smirks and grinds against him, rubbing their erections together.
She smiles. "Goodnight, dear.."
He smirks as he pushes into her mouth, moaning.
He moans whorishly loud and grinds against Mycroft.
She smirks and turns them both on.
He nearly screams as he comes hard again, his legs shaking.
“I’ll say it again this time too. You never complained last time.” Leona giggles softly.
"Do you guys want to come?"
"Good for you."
John sits him on the counter and starts the bath.
I know that I used to listen
Mycroft moans as he’s filled more, the heady feeling only growing stronger. He needs her. He needs Morna like he needs air. He needs her come and her milk and her weight on him. He frowns as the come from the goddess makes him feel incredibly full. Too full for how much she came into him. He pulls back from her breast, lapping at it, to clean the milk off. “I feel fully, Morna.” He whines, not knowing what the feeling truest was.
He cries out and comes hard, not being able to hold back as they make eye contact.
"Thank you.." She mumbles, eyes closed and trying not to feel sick.
Leona smiles as she sees the van. “I think this is for us. Shall we go say hello?” She asks to the twins.
He smirks and starts to thrust with him. “Mm. That’s the best part, she likes being shared.”
"H-He.. He shielded Mycroft from an explosion and now nothing's being stimulated correctly."
"Mm. They have the shooting game. I figured I'd be good at it."
Turk smirks. “Perfect. We’ll take her down there.”
He slowly gets out of bed, a bit shaky still.
"Perfect. You're perfect. So handsome." She praises and holds onto him as she slowly turns the vibrator off.
She pats Sherlock's cheek. "It's fine, dear. I'll spread the word to my friends up as down the street. Those old bags of bones live for this kind of drama." She smiles "They'll be on alert before he even gets on the street.. Nobody gets the jump on my boys if I have anything to say about it."
“Mm, just one, love. You’ve got plenty of people to fill you up.”
He grinds against him, whimpering softly. “John..” He gasps into the kiss.
"Mm what do you want, love?" He hums as he sucks on his neck and his hand ghosts over his nipple.
Sky blushes brightly, dripping down her thighs.
Mycroft's head was in his hands, and he was trembling hard.
‘Fineeeee.’ She sighs. ‘Can I at least watch tv?’
He smiles and nuzzles her back.
John frowns. “How do we anchor ourselves? I don’t want to loose Sherlock if we’re needing to be in different places.” He explains.
Mycroft heats the knocking and quickly snaps his bonds. He takes them off and his blindfold. “Crys...” he breathes. “Do you want me to answer it?” He asks.
“Those things I do. It’s not special. I have vampire sight, I just see into the back kitchen, running after criminals in easy when you can run faster than a train. I’ve been alive for over 160 years, you learn to read people in that time. You can learn whatever you like in that time.” Sherlock explains. “Greg can’t know what I am though. You can’t speak to anyone about this, apart from my s... Mycroft and I.” He explains, “everyone else will either thing you’re insane or start a witch-hunt for my head. Even during the witch hunts, speaking of vampires made everyone thing you’re insane.”
Anthea spots an old oil painting in the corner, with Mycroft as a child and two adults. “Are these your parents?” She asks softly.
He smirks and straddles her torso, pushing her tits together.
"You're fantastic.." Greg purrs and slips his hand into John's back pocket, squeezing his arse.
“Please, Daddy.” She mumbles.
"It wasn't a very nice cat." He bites his sandwich. "I've never had a pet. So maybe it was my fault for not paying attention. I guess I owe Molly an apology." He hums.
John heads back down stairs. "You... Alright?" He asks.
"Really? You don't have to.." she bites her lip.
He relaxes for a while until his stomach growls loudly, demanding food.
He kisses him back happily.
"I am not a typical case though so you have to take that into account as well. I still think if my body as a secondary entity to my mind which is always more important. So I could really care less what my body does to me or what I do to it. I was trained to think that was and I know that it is not healthy. I'm trying to unlearn that and fix my way of thinking."
“I’ll be waiting John. For the rest of eternity I’ll be waiting for you.” Sherlock promises, he tucks a strand of hair behind John’s ear and leaves the room, going back to Mycroft’s office.
“George gave it to me. It has grown on me.”
“So you’ll be staying there as well?”
"Please.."
“Really?” Anthea asks, surprised.
Sky nods and gets up, letting him get situated. “Tell me to stop if it gets uncomfortable or to much, okay? It won’t hurt but I know it’s a lot to handle emotionally and mentally.”
She moans and rocks her hips, pressing closer to his face.
“Good boy. Go slow. We wouldn’t want you to blow your load right away, hm?” Chris smirks, obviously the dom in the relationship.
“Oh, like what?” Greg asks softly.
Pythia nods and pulls out her phone, calling Sherlock.
He smirks a bit. "Daddy can have one made."
Sky smiles softly as she watches them. 'Mm if you could see the love radiating off them right now you'd be a puddle.' She hums in Michael's head.
“Yes.” Crystal mewls softly, legs spreading more for him.
Carol moans and pants as he pulls out. Mel goes to John and immediately takes his cock into her mouth, sucking him greedily to get him hard again. “Jesus. You’ve been practicing haven’t you?” Carol smirks as she watches Mel. Mel whines and blushes brightly as she lets John’s cock slide down her throat easily. She moans and closes her eyes as she tastes the left over of John’s cum and Carol’s on his cock.
Sherlock mewls and kisses John back as he holds onto him, he knew he wasn’t hard.
"John..." He whispers.
He whimpers and kisses her back deeply. 'I want to ride your face..'
Greg kisses Mycroft's forehead. "Let's get you dressed and fed before I have to go." He smiles.
He nuzzles him, pressing soft kisses to his skin.
He blushes and kisses him back.
Sherlock smiles and moves his arse against him.
"What were the cabbies' words, before he died? His exact wording... He said he had a
She whimpers and rocks needier, getting close.
John hobbles along with his cane, trying to catch up but he trips on an uneven bit of pavement.
He bites his lip. “And it’s safe? How often did you do this, Mikey?”
Sitting there across from each other, it once again feels like old times. They used to go out for dinners after cases, John laughing as Sherlock regaled him on the stupidity of people. He misses that more than anything in that moment and wishes fervently that he could take back leaving.
Zack smiles softly at Chloe's mother.
Mycroft laughs. "I can't imagine what Sherlock would think about his brother 'hooking up' with his detective friend..." He coughed, blushing.
The Sherrinford situation starts to heat up. Another proposal.
He smiles and squeezes his hand.
He smiles and nuzzles against Greg. "Love you."
"I always forget how big they are.."
He soon pulls out of her mouth, holding the base of his cock. “Turn around. Let me fill your cunt.”
Sherlock huffs and sits down to write everything out.
"Aye, they're waiting for us in the lobby." Marianne laughs. "I was sent on the recon mission. Thought you'd gone down the plughole."
Greg smirks as he follows her line of sight. “Mm, that?”
Mycroft whimpers and moans. "Yes, sir."
"Yeah we should. You know how sky is about timing." He chuckles and kisses him.
Sherlock holds his head close as he comes hard down his throat.
Mycroft frowns. "If she says anything about your lifestyle, I will interfere."
Sherlock smiles and sits beside John on the grass, feeling the grass under his fingers.
Sherlock jokingly purred.
She blushes and mewls.
"I love you, too." He grins.
"Mm I know you do." He chuckles. "How about when we go to bed you lot show me just how much you missed me." He smirks.
He throws on his coat and turns his collar up. “I’m not trying to be mysterious, doing this. It keep the sun off my neck.” He explains with a shrug. “Remember, buy for two. I don’t want Mrs Hudson knowing what I am.” He opens the flat door and lets John go out first.
Sherlock looked away.
"Mm, I love it.."
“Mm I love you too.” Margaret nuzzles him. “I think I should take care of our vampire.”
“Having fun?” Sky smiles.
"Mm that's right. Mike, yeah?"
Sherlock leans against Mycroft as he sleeps.
"Yes! Please Daddy please! I want you to fuck me! I need your cock so bad!"
"Answer it, John. She's worried."
Turk smiles softly as they drive.
Mycroft hums as he listens.
Greg smiles softly as he relaxes between them.
Three days after Sherlock and John have come home to Baker Street Anthea has thick files of data for them to go through. She also has autopsy reports of every mysterious, sudden, or unexplained alpha death that left a widowed omega going back before John and Sherlock were even born.
He rubs his hand happily. "This is really nice.."
*No sex after a disagreement without it being fully resolved. No sex if we’re irritated or angry. No sex if we’re feeling insecure about our relationship. Talking fist. Sex second.-SH*
He frowns. "Scream. Yell. Hit something. Please.. I just.. I need to know when you're not okay. I want to know. I want to help you but I can't until you let me.."
He presses against him and nips at his jaw.
"I'll make it, Sherlock." John chuckles, putting his bag down. "You've been buzzing about like a bee... sit down and let me, hmm?"
Sherlock whimpers and tips his head back. "Oh Christ.."
Lydia walks them quietly passed other rooms closed off by large glass sliding doors. She stops in front of the last largest door and slides it open. Sherlock lays in bed under the coma. The side of his head is shaved and stitched. His whole head is wrapped in clean white gauze. John steps closer slowly and takes Sherlock's hand in his gloved one.
"Oh, pet," John nuzzles Sherlock's pecs, "sweetheart, bloody brilliant man." The doctor worries his lover's nipples with his lips, nipping and suckling. His mouth is hot, wet, and demanding as a newborn lamb's. "I'll take care of you, luv," he coos, "don't fret." John reluctantly releases Sherlock from his clutches. "Listen, I want you to budge back a bit. That's it, splendid." He shudders, imagining Sherlock's pleasure during his trials ahead. "Put you hands down," John can't help but stroke the long line of Sherlock's arms. His cock slaps his belly, oozing wetly. "Touch the edge. Rest your fingers on it. Relax."
"I thought," the doctor says, wrenching Sherlock's head back another two inches until his glazed and teary eyes are staring at the stained, watermarked ceiling, "I said to shut up."
"Your ploy might possibly be considered tenable, if you'd not wasted company time squawking like a chicken. You, that bloody simpering, the flouncing around in your poncy, public school coat. You, sulking in the fla- barracks, wrapped in that froofy, peacock blue dressing gown."
https://www.angmohdan.com/48-things-british-people-say-and-what-they-actually-mean/
John's tongue, a willful creature, disobeys. It's pink pointed tip pokes out and licks his lips. Sherlock flinched, snapping his head in John's direction.
"And?"
On the other hand, I've been working 60 hours a week for a month and had two separate sinus infections in the same time frame. Oh, the joys of working in health care...
He fumbles to gain meaning, to no avail. John's continued absence leaves him cold. Sherlock's synapses lay frozen and inert. He feels so alone. It's unnerving. Suddenly, an epiphany slaps him upside the head.
*****
ignorant. Being so naive is mortifying in the extreme. Engaging in fluent discourse of a sexually explicit nature isn't his forte. To be fair, though, it is the first time he'll be - hah - discoursing. At, least that is, outside the walls of the Mind Palace. "Humour me," the genius sniffs. "Be ridiculously obtuse, as per normal. Assume, John, that I haven't the foggiest notion of the concept." Sherlock lifts his chin in challenge.
What are you doing to me, what you are
"Is that so, soldier. You flatter me," Watson says flatly, Holmes' exponentially impassioned speech notwithstanding. John dismissed the last as pure bollocks. It's Sherlock being Sherlock, trying to blend in with the plebs. "High moral principle, is it?" John cuts out. "Sounds to me, Holmes, like an ill-conceived crack at currying favour. Naturally, that's subject to my humble, no wait,
Sherlock's core temperature sinks like stone, bottoming at zero Kelvin.
"Oh," the doctor shifts balance from one foot to the other. Sherlock thinks he looks simply adorable. "Such as, if you're in too much," he hacks up what sounds like a hairball, "discomfort. If I get," John forces the hairball back down his throat, "too enthusiastic, say, with my actions. Or, instead, if you feel claustrophobic being bound, or nervous, or whatever!" His eyes flash unbearably blue, the ocean during a tempest as he shifts back to Captain John. "Understand the concept now? Pick a Safeword!"
"So. Lube nicked from your work, despite it being readily available. Not the most pleasant product for oral sex." John sniffs up all the oxygen from the room. "A medically sterile product, you're being careful." Sherlock says, sounding pleased from behind his pointy elbows. "Moving on. You have herded me into our bedroom. In addition, whilst we've been intimate from one end of the flat to the other, you only indulge in anal play behind closed doors."
"Fixed fire from both flanks," John whispers from eight o'clock.
The thought sends heat pulsing though John's cock, matching his heartbeat. Taking the reins, sexually speaking, is bloody
Suddenly aware of his foolish perseverance, Sherlock snaps at his brain to piss off. He's blithely submitted his will to another human being. Isn't it right that he allow his transport carte-blanche? It's a struggle, cold hard reason being his touchstone, but bloody hell. The sensations he's experiencing trump his genius and stability.
I reworked the last chapter. Again. It was rubbish, to be honest, far too wordy. After posting this, I will like hate this chapter as well. For my reader's sake, I should really delete my on-line dictionary/thesaurus. Mea culpa, friends, diglossia is one of my failings.
"Excellent, very good. I'm re-assigning you to different quarters for this next exercise.  Don't be alarmed as I direct you."
. This is so contrary to his nature that it's 100% fucking thrilling.
of Sherlock's uniquely honed skills.
We're not anywhere close to being done."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's fully aware that he's being ridiculous. It's annoying. This is his blogger he's dealing with, not Jack the Ripper.
John finds himself choking on his own spit.
John loves this part of sex; awed that he's the the only person ever allowed this privilege. It's
"Think back, soldier," Captain Watson snaps, annoyed, his alter ego once again in charge. "Take a wild stab at it, what do you recall - or weren't you listening." This time when John invades Sherlock's space, he's standing ramrod straight. A few paltry centimetres hang between his cock and Sherlock's sweaty thighs, but he resists temptation in the anticipation of what's to come.
John's body reacts, responding in kind watching his gorgeous boy fall to pieces. He's aching and Sherlock well within sniffing distance. He could just...the small man stretches up to drag his tongue under his lover's jaw. Sherlock jerks wildly in surprise, hips bucking any which way but always forward. John reins him in using Sherlock's arse like a tiller. He aligns their bodies, quickly jamming one leg between Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock's cock smacks against John's stomach smearing pre-cum in loopy figure-eights. They're starving, aching, hungry, embarrassingly drooling; dying for want of relief.
Horrified, the detective scrambles to his feet. "Is there - have I done? John. Is my rejoinder lacking? Am I not good enough?"
the Commonwealth than a ball of chalk. Do you see? Distrust kills the unity of the unit. Most importantly, however, distrust between mates is lethal in combat with an archenemy. Do I. Make myself. Clear?" John sounds composed, but that's bollocks. He's miffed, muddled, a wee bit melancholy over his words, yet deliriously aroused beyond measure.
are going to keep your gorgeous lips shut and listen - or I'll seal them myself with glue." He eases off with a smirk.
"Ayyy!" Sherlock yips in shock as small, capable hands squeeze his backside. John's well-groomed nails dig right in, leaving ten red half-moons scattered about his rear. Sherlock's arse is in flames. He finds he very much likes it that way.
Captain Watson preens.
Okay, let's all pretend that "slickery" is a word, just for today. And just for kicks, check this link out - but only if you're not British, but just want to be. Sorry, I don't know how to make something all fancy so that you can just click on it and go to the web page. You're going to have to copy and paste.
Sherlock pauses, weighing probable outcomes. Igniting his blogger's hair-trigger temper might, on balance...or maybe...Bugger. The amusement factor of John's whinging outclasses the likely retribution.  "You've seen her rapt expression, Ju...Captain. She's not chuffed over the weather."
"Private, you bloody dip stick, on your feet!" The captain bawls, moving off, blessedly taking his treacherous fingers with him. Sherlock heaves in one ragged breath after another of beautiful oxygen. He tastes iron. He'd chewed his tongue until it bled. Ouch. Sherlock wills himself not to beg for release. Yes he will - no, he won't. He won't. "Holmes," the harangue resumes, John again a distance away. "Your field performance is disgraceful."
She gasps and comes hard around him and Sherlock's face.
Sky whimpers, his growling making her wetter which only makes her scent stronger.
"Sir." Anthea greets with a smile.
He nuzzles her softly. ‘Of course.’
He smiles and nods.
"You need to eat, Sky." John sighs. "I know." Sky hums.
He frowns a bit and nods, clenching his teeth as he feels his eyes start to well up.
Sherlock sighs sadly, “I’m sorry Sire. Why don’t you tell Mycroft? He’s wanting so badly to make you happy and get you back together with him.” He says softly.
"Aha Sherlock!" John moans as he's pushed over the edge. John shakes as he comes in his pants. "Oh god oh Sherlock."
He blushes brighter at Mycroft's smirk.
The sounds are intoxicating. The slap of skin and slick flesh. Panting and growls are hypnotic. It’s hot and humid and John could care less if he burns up because this would be the best possible way for him to go. “Sher- Christ Sherlock.”
He kisses him back deeply. “Love it. Love feeling full.”
He moans loudly as he comes hard into her.
“Of course.”
Sky nods.
"Such a good boy. Fuck yourself on my fingers, baby."
“What about John? I’m not leaving without him.” Sherlock protested.
He arches his back, moaning as his nipples are played with.
John leans against him.
He groans and snaps his hips. “You only love me for my cock?”
A short car, and a much needed walk through the expansive back gardens later, John and Joann enter the house through the back door. John can sense they're not alone, but before he has time to miss his gun the smell of fried fish fills the air. They find the other three in the dining room and join them in a relative feast. They sit and eat for an hour, and as the time draws near for John's scan he finds he's actually looking forward to it.
He whimpers and rocks his hips again, trying to get hard again
He whimpers. "I need you constantly. I need to touch you, feel you, kiss you, fuck you. I need it. Please, Sherlock. Whatever you want I need it."
"No problem. I'm going to the market to pick up things for dinner. Do you want to come or do you want to deal with Donovan and Anderson?" Sky stands and slings her purse across her body.
He blushes brightly and gasps softly.
"I.. Anderson spilled coffee on his shirt and saw his scars.. I gave him my shirt and told him to come back here.."
“Don’t apologize. I’m Dominic.” Dominic sits next to her.
“Love it. Love being fucked.” He blushes and moans, so close to coming.
"Maybe that's where we should have started." John chuckles as he extracts his hand and follows after Sherlock.
"Ohh tell me what it looks like." She smiles.
"What is all this?" Brain asks as he looks at the numerous gift bags and boxes around the room.
"Thank you.."
She blushes brightly and giggles. "Flattery will get you everywhere."
"Morning, My.." Greg purrs and presses back against him.
He blushes, his mouth going dry. 'I.. n-no.. I haven't.'
"Honey bee. Carol is going to be fine. She has me. Her husband. She's going to be perfectly fine. Take John wherever you want. Just come back to us, okay?" He kisses his head. "Don't leave us. We need you."
She frowns. “Oh.”
George smirks as he steps forward. "Mm.. hello there."
He blushes and smiles softly.
Sherlock blushes. “Thank you.”
“I.. I can’t leave my children.” Camille frowns.
Sky sighs softly as she wanders the halls. She used a lot of her energy to help Anthea and the baby.
“I know. The best thing you can do right now is sleep.” John says softly.
"You what?" He rubs his thumb over his bottom lip.
Sherlock frowns. "You need to take care of yourself.." He keeps his voice down.
"If I am, I have an overprotective boyfriend to shoot him if the need arises." Sherlock smirked.
He groans breathily as she takes him deeper, knowing his cum is going directly into her womb.
He groans. "Fuck me raw, John.. Use my arse.."
John follows Sherlock out of the cab when they get home.
“Ooh, Perfect! I haven’t gone dancing in ages.”
John and Brian moan as their eyes snap open.
"B-Before.. I want you to see it.."
Michael just nods.
“Did you have fun on the island with the boys?” Sky kisses down his jaw and neck, nibbling teasingly. “I missed you.”
"Yes?" He purrs coyly.
John kisses his head and stops massaging it.
He smiles and looks up at him to kiss him.
He smiles. "Morning."
"What? Where is he? What did he say?" He shakes a bit. "Is he coming back?" He asks quietly.
“I thought maybe you and John could have some fun with Rachel while Greg and I took Sherlock out.” Eli says to Mycroft.
Issac grins and holds George’s hips as they dance.
“Yours!” She moans loudly, holding onto the bar so he can fuck her as hard as he wants.
Collin pulls him closer and kisses him deeply.
"We should have made sure. We should have checked. I should have checked. We would never want to hurt you like that. You know that right? We didn't know. I'm sorry. We didn't know. I'm so sorry." He starts to well up unable to hold back his guilt and the tears that escape.
She smiles and nuzzles him.
He stays silent for a long while before speaking again. “Did you know you spoke in your sleep, I can have whole conversations with you.”
Jason moans breathily as his cock fills out.
She waves her hand dismissively. "All that matters is that you are together." Lydia smiles.
He moans loudly and whimpers. "Please!"
"Mm, you're brilliant and amazing."
He tries to rock between them, wanting more.
John kisses him softly.
He smiles and squeezes his hand.
He groans and nods, thrusting harder. "Yes. God yes."
"I'm sure we will."
“Wanna be so good for Daddy.” He moans, quickly becoming unaware of the others around him, his whole body and mind focused on John.
He blushes. “Who did he bring?”
"Ohhhh yes, Daddy." She whimpers and arches, feeling him push his cum back deeper into her. "How many babies are you going to give me Daddy? How many do you want me to have for you?"
Greg stops spinning then still giggling. His kisses the side of Mycroft's face and neck. "Love you."
"Good." She smiles. "You must be close with her. Not very many fathers come to pick the dress. They just sign the check." She sighs.
They blush and cuddle into him.
Sherlock blushes and nods. "Nor will I."
'Mm I know you do.' She giggles and kisses him. 'Everyone has fantasies about everyone else. The boys went out to a club while Veronica and Carol stayed in. They boys took turns fucking Michael in a club while Carol and Veronica took turns eating each out out while they relaxes and watched movies.'
He hums around him and slowly takes him into his mouth.
Samuel stops and rubs his sides. “Easy, baby. Just breathe.” He says softly, trying to get him to relax.
‘I promise. I wouldn’t lie to you.’
He smiles and finishes getting dressed.
He hums happily and snuggles against him.
Sherlock's laughter, rich and velvety, follow him down the stairs as he leaves. John watches the empty staircase for a moment, then busies himself with the washing up. When their room is once again presentable, he puts his own coat on and heads out to Regent's Park for a stroll.
John looks over at his sister and says in a deathly quiet voice, "You're in my Mate's chair. I suggest you move. Oh, yeah, Harry, this is Sherlock Holmes, my soul mate."
Sherlock sighs a bit. "Shall we go?"
"Pups." He whispers to Sherlock, "We get to meet our pups."
"John's with her. He looks more nervous that she does." He chuckles softly.
John tickles Sherlock’s side as he reaches across him.
John holds Sherlock close and rubs his back. He brings out a bottle of water he had stored in the bag and sits it by Sherlock’s knee. “You’re doing so well, I’m so proud of you.”
She leans in and kisses him deeply.
John cries out and comes hard, clenching around him.
He grins and comes hard down her thrust.
As they head into the room, some Gods are awake, they wolf whistle loudly and step over to her. “My gods.” They all exclaim. “You look big enough to be carrying Mycroft.” They all giggle as they knead and stroke and lift and play with her belly as if it belonged to them and not her.
He gasps and whimpers, rocking against his shoe a bit desperately.
"I.. I know. But I just can't help it. Turk doesn't seem worried though." Sky sighs.
Greg smiles a bit. “I think I owe you an apology.. I acted like a twat and you didn’t deserve that. I was scared. I’m sorry.”
The entire setting is very calming and nice. Mycroft presses a small kiss to John's shoulder, just above his scar.
"Mmm." John says while stripping out of his clothes. "Mum is, hopefully, talking with the psychiatrist right now, so I'm going to stay upstairs and give them some privacy. I'm too wound up to take a bath, but maybe a nice long wank in the shower will help. Too bad your burner phone doesn't have video," John teases
He hums happily and smiles.
‘Fuck.. never fucked like that before.’
“The depth and elasticity of human emotion.” Crystal hums.
Cecil stiffens and bites his lip. "What do you want, George?"
Sherlock moans as he swallows eagerly, coming hard and untouched.
Sherlock nods. “I am serious. Baker Street is known to the criminal class so it would be safer to keep the pups away from there. You can redecorate the house however you like. Mycroft can take you there if you’d like to look at it. We’ll have to take Mrs. Hudson. She can live on her own. She’s been staying at her sister’s for now but you know it’s only a matter of time before they get into it.”
