“Peter told me that Doom put Tony inside a healing tank and that will heal him faster.”  answered May “ Doom is hoping that Tony would wake up in one week”
Rhodey smiled before being got by a group hug from everyone present in the room. Rhodey smiled even more, thanking anyone who had been behind this miracle.
Doom stared at Rhodey before walking immediately toward Tony’s bed, pushing everyone with his power even Thor which was forced to remove his hand from Tony’s hand. With a satisfying smile, he took the place et taking one of Tony’s hand
“Well Thanos saw the resting soul stone in my human-self and made an ultimatum. I couldn’t say no it’s seems.” explained Tony with a sigh
(See the end of the chapter for
“ And that’s it?” asked Tony again septic.
The Doctor had exactly the same look when himself talked about his love one. He hoped that Stark was feeling the same, they will look good together.
Steve was walking in the forest near the royal palace, he tried to ask for forgiveness but no one was there, so he just decided to clear the mind and to walk around. The forest was always the best place for thinking. He missed Tony, their small talk their childish fights, his beautiful face and that awsome booty. Yes he missed everything about Tony. Tony was his everything and he truly regretted everything. He sat near a tree thinking about a better future.
Hey! The new chapter is here
Tony raised an eyebrow, well his plan worked really well. Framing an inferior living being was so easy. And well the chitauri didn’t deserve to live, he was an executioner so not a bad loss. He smirked and just disappear though the ship. He had a brilliant idea, and with a smile he began his plan.
“It’s really a burger King, Thank you” said Tony smiling once the bag was on his hand
“The witch decided to attack us but Edward saved us” explained Peter still furious
“Well he is my best friend” smiled Carol “ He is really nice and funny but be aware he is not from here”
“Still sleeping” smiled the soldier at the racoon
Stephen was sitting in the couch in a living room. He was thinking about Tony who needed a rescue soon. And that Edward had a similar aura than Tony, and usually that was extremely rare. Stephen needed to know him more, the guy seemed awfully interessant.
was what he was meant for, and everything had always been coming to this.
“Is this it?  You’re . . . leaving now?”
“How are you going to drink this now?” Steve asks softly, as he comes bearing a cup of Earth’s second favorite black liquid.
It might take a bit of finagling, but if no one was using the forge, and he made a good impression on Steve, he might get use of the outbuilding.  Steve seemed to want to give him the things he would need to be comfortable.  He allowed the spark of hope that he might like Korkrya grow into a little fire.
Carol’s eyebrows are further up her forehead than he’d ever imagined possible. “You’re Russian?”
Last night, when Steve had been lowering Tony into his bed, he had clung close and asked Steve to stay.
“That's not the point.”
“Who are Sam and Bruce?”  Tony did a mental tally of the rooms, and if he was to assume everyone had their own, he was one short.
Bucky was looking shifty.  Every few seconds, he would glance at the table covered in bottles of nail lacquer, then quickly glanced away.  Natasha noticed, too.
Steve rolled his eyes.  “I weep awaiting your return.  You are the most interesting man in the world, and my life is empty without you.”
Steve glanced around.  “I haven’t made an official announcement.  Would you like me to?  You’re not exactly here on an official capacity.  I was planning on just telling a few important individuals, and letting the word get around.  Whatever the case, the entire island will know by breakfast.”
Steve looked at him, eyes soft. “Of course.”
“Ask Pepper nicely,” Bruce shot back.  Tony didn’t have time to respond before he continued.  “Weren’t you telling me his friends had a kid?  That nice couple you invited over around Christmas?  You shoved Jane at me, saying she was an astrophysicist?  Thor, was it, who drank everyone under the table but stayed sober?  You were lying on the floor, tugging at his pants, begging me to x-ray him for hollow legs?  You went to their wedding over Valentine’s Day?”
Steve shook his head.  “That’s immortals for you.  You’ll get used to it.  Now, we better get going if you want dinner before we start our hunt.”
“Yes. The residential tower is fine, so long as everyone takes cover from shattering glass.  The parking garage is a bust, but no one’s inside.  Stores evac’ed?  Then it’s the office building that takes priority.”
Steve nods and picks up his binoculars again.
He knows what it’s like to be lost.
Back bowing, Steve came, crying out as he unmercifully bit his palm, jerking himself hard and fast as white coated his abs.  It was hands-down the most arousing thing Tony had seen in his life, even with the obviously tortured look on Steve’s face.
"I think Loki's trying to wind us up.  This is a man who means to start a war, and if don't stay focused, he'll succeed.  We have orders, we should follow them.”  He looked slightly put out about it.
If he loved Steve as much as he though he did, they would need to be on equal footing if he wanted to convince Steve to stay forever.
“Bucky,” Natasha asked gently.  “Do you want to get you nails done?”
“And Pepper likes Happy but she won’t admit it. What’s this about?”
like he can feel her, and her warmth, and her love.
Steve let his spoon fall into his empty bowl.  “Tony, I’m sorry.”
“Does it really matter what they look like?  They’re just gonna end up dissolved is stomach acid,” Steve retorted, chopping the last of the fatty beef off the bones and proceeded to start skimming the excess fat from the skin of the soup.  "You can order out, and leave the rest to me.”
Tony was pushed up against the wall, near the potters mark tile and the counter that was probably a maitre d’s desk.  There was a printed sheet of paper in a cheap silver frame.
There was a reason he wore armor.  He’d worn it forever, but it had only solidified and turned metal very recently.
“Alright,” Steve breathes back, air hissing along grinding molars.
Time will tell if it lasts the night.”
Bruce had told him a few weeks ago that he’d been alone for too long.  He’d snapped back that Bruce wasn’t one to talk.
Nat scavenged up a couple of cans of ginger ale and a Hawaiian Punch in the dinky mini fridge.  Rhodey opened a ginger ale and set it by the key board.  Together, they eased Tony back in the office chair, with Rhodey massaging his shoulders and Nat gently rubbing his temples.
“Everybody was two people in one, right?  Four arms, four legs, two heads.  Zeus split us up as punishment, and now we devote our lives to searching for our missing halves.”  The story always left a sour taste in his mouth.  “We focus on that, and we don’t challenge the gods.  That’s why sex is so good, because we’re joined like we’re supposed to be.  Honestly, Steve, that’s one of those stories that make me think it was just made up.”
But Tony didn’t really look at Steve, and Steve didn’t say anything, so when Tony was naked as well the two wordlessly waded into the surf and began to swim.
Steve snorted.  “That’s easy.
No way in
A male grunt of pain, then the thud of a body.  She continued as if nothing had happened.
“Eccentric!”
After passing through Porterville and past Lake Success, the two-lane highway wound through for about thirty miles before reaching the podunk little town that really wasn’t much more than a place to ask for directions because you got lost on your way to your campground.
The next morning found him back in his old neighborhood.  Peggy led him into the secret lab, and the twins were quiet.  They were tense, excited, but when Erskine greeted him, they had a sad sort of melancholy about it.  But before he could ask what it was about, he found himself being shepherded into a cocoon-like machine.  Nurses in starched white uniforms strapped him in, and he had to deal with Maria’s frostiness when Stark appeared.  There was a large group of elite middle-aged men containing Colonel Philips, looking both doubtful and bored as they moved into the observation room.  Before he knew it, the nurses were loading in the vials of violently blue serum and attaching pads to his chest and arms.
life?  Things change.  No one will force you to return to the shell for eternity.”
When Steve hears Tony groan again and feels the latter shift in his lap, he lets out a soft sigh and stills the hand that was on the back of his neck. Gently, Steve leans down to whisper in Tony's ear.
Tony sits down slowly, planting himself on the floor next to Steve.
On par with Steve's thoughts, Tony whispers the same routine words.
"Steve... It hurts."
Steve opens his eyes again and looks at his boyfriend. "No. Stop. I'm okay. This should be the other way. I should be helping you."
Steve keeps pressing gentle kisses to Tony's hair and shakes his head at the praise. "Don't worry about it. I want you to be comfortable, and I know you get hit hard by migraines, so I'm staying with you." When his boyfriend finally rolls his neck without any signs of pain, Steve adds, "Do you wanna come to bed now? At least get some sleep before this drains you?"
"I don't think you've gone two minutes without yawning since we started this conversation." Tony's voice is hard, angry.
Frowning, Steve looks down at his watch. "Just after 6:00. You were in and out for eight hours." When Tony grabs for the water bottle, Steve hands it over and adds, "How do you feel, Tones?"
Steve frowns, feeling bad that Tony has to go through this. It's been worse since he got back from Titan. Steve starts to  rub the back of the other man's neck and slowly flits his hand towards his temples. "Tones, what side right now?"
Tony nods and mumbles 'alright', as Steve walks out into the kitchen.
With a short sigh, Tony lets himself relax in the other man's hold. Steve doesn't miss how Tony sets the tool back on the table. "Thanks Steve." Tony's voice is quiet, but it's clear that the massage is helping.
"Tony, please? Just let me take care of you." His plea is followed by another, more persistent yawn. Definitely not helping his case.
"Tones, tap system," he gently reminds the dark haired man, carefully turning his wrist over so Tony's fingers could rest on Steve's pulse point. Steve and Tony had talked about making up a system like this after the first really bad one. Steve had suggested tapping because it limited movement and he didn't have to talk. There was almost a code to it. One tap was 'can't talk' and two taps is 'really bad'. There were a few others that went along with it, but they didn't get used as often.
"Three hours. I hope phase two lets you sleep that long."
Steve jokes, "Hmm I wonder why? Maybe it's because migraines are the big-bad of headaches?"
"New York. In the compound. On the couch." Comes the blond's usual answer.
Just in case.
"Stevie..?"
He closes his eyes for a minute, praying to anyone and anything that Tony would stay asleep. Of course, the Gods are not with him today.
Rubbing his eyes, Tony leans to the side, into Steve's chest. "No, not even a little. I just spent the last," Tony looks at the clock, finally being able to read it clearly, "63 minutes, trying not to fall into a spinning void in my eyes." After a few minutes Tony mumbles, "It's gonna be a bad one."
Sam had told Tony that Steve had barely slept or ate in the time he was missing. Steve was a wreck then, and Tony would never be able to take all that pain away from him. The best he could do was try to fill his boyfriend with as much love and appreciation as he could to the man who takes care of him so well. Tony couldn't blame him though. If their roles were reversed, he couldn’t imagine that he’d do any better.
." He shakes his head a little, his expression pleading.
He leans over the couch to check and see if Tony was awake, sighing with relief when the man is still sleeping in the same position. He hums to himself as he starts to clean up around the couch, occasionally glancing at Tony and smiling softly at how calm and peaceful he looks. Times like this when Steve gets to see Tony sleep are the times that Steve loves the most. Tony always has his walls up around the others, so he likes that he's the only one who gets to see Tony this way.
Tony's oddly nostalgic thoughts were cut off by the warm mug of chicken noodle soup that had been placed in his hand. His stomach turned hungrily at the smell that immediately wafted into the air.
While Steve never has to actually deal with the direct effects of a migraine, he gets a sort of second-hand exhaustion from them.
Tony's eyes fall shut and he leans into his boyfriend's hand in an attempt to ground himself. When it doesn't work he shakes his head.
Steve thought Tony had a brain tumor and all but threw him at Bruce in the Med Bay.
Steve is pulled out of his thoughts when his boyfriend calls out to him.
Steve glanced up at Tony and watched his pupils dilate angrily at the dim lights. Tony winces at the roar of traffic outside and looks to his boyfriend for help.
This time, however, he didn't pick up on it until the hand that had been gently holding his wrist suddenly gripped tighter.
"Damn- I- No. Shit. Not... here. No-no-no." Tony vaguely feels a hand on the back of his neck, vaguely sees his boyfriend's face, mere inches from his own. Steve's lips. Are they moving? Oh. No. Wait-
Tony's migraines always left both of them exhausted for days afterwards. Tony for obvious reasons. The poor guy spends hours on end in constant, nauseating pain. Tony has every single right to still be feeling fatigued and just generally spent. Steve on the other hand... didn't.
He pauses his working to look up at the ceiling and winces at the shooting pain when he lifts his head too high.
"Steve... Where?"
Tony groans, not releasing his tight grip on Steve's wrist. Instead it tightens, and if Steve was ever due to be grateful for super strength, now was the time. He slowly reaches a hand up and places it on the back of Tony's neck, feeling his temperature rise steadily.
Steve grunts slightly and huffs in his displeasure. "Tony. I'm not the one who should lay down. I didn't have an eight hour migraine a few days ago." His words are those of protest, sure. But the way his head rolls to the side tiredly betrays him.
"Uh..." Tony's voice is quieter than Steve's as he sits up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "Yeah. I think it's almost over." Steve nods and grabs a bottle of water off of the side table, ready to hand it over whenever he needed it. "What time is it?" Tony glances around the room, squinting to see through the darkness.
That being said, Steve isn't surprised when his boyfriend leans into the touch, his eyes slowly falling shut again.
"I will. Just give me a few minutes. I have to get this done." The mechanic frowns and his face hardens as he looks down, going back to the task at hand. He feels a presence behind him a few moments later and his hands tense up.
Ten minutes later, Steve had Tony sitting on the couch with him. He's been through this with his boyfriend many times before. Too many, if you ask Steve, but Tony refuses to ask Cho for any medication. That being said, Steve usually notices almost as fast as his boyfriend.
"Hey, Tones?" Steve's hand was on his shoulder now.
Neither man talks after that. Which gave Steve the time and peace of mind for him to finally get some rest. When Tony was sure that his boyfriend was finally sleeping, he responds softly.
Tony can't help the rest of his body following suit, he shakily sets the wrench that he'd been using in the glass platform and his body immediately tightened. Closing his eyes he tries to shake the sudden wave of anxiety.
Steve nods and says, "Okay, Tony. Lay down." He starts guiding the other man to a more comfortable position, laying a pillow under his head as Steve stands up. "That's it. Nice and slow."
"No Tones. I'm fine. My job right now is to look after you." Steve blinks a few times to wake himself up and shakes his head. He's supposed to be hovering over Tony. Not the other way around, which is clearly what's happening right now.
"Shut up and drink your soup." The blond quips, no real heat to his words. "You're exhausted, remember?"
"You finally with me, babe?"
Steve nods to himself, grateful that the side that was bothering him most was the side that was up. He wouldn't have to jostle Tony too much.
"Tony, I'm fine." It must have been the fourth time— at least— that he'd said that. Also the fourth time that Tony hasn't believed him.
"What time is it?"
Tony winces as he opens his eyes to look at Steve. He shuts them immediately and frowns, mumbling into Steve's chest. "Left."
"Yes. You can. Tony. I promise." Steve squeezes the back of Tony's neck a bit to show him what's real. "Focus on my hand. Okay? You're alright. I promise, you're okay. I'm here and you're here, but you
When Tony made it back, Steve slept. Actually slept.
Tap, Tap. Tap. Steve frowns and reaches his hand over, gently running a hand through the other man's hair.
"I know, Stevie."
Steve lets out a soft chuckle before nodding. "Yeah, I'm sure you are. You've had a rough fifteen hours." Steve stands then and starts talking again. "FRIDAY, lights up to 20% please." He watches Tony to see if the brightness was okay for him now. Tony blinks a few times to adjust, but his face never becomes discomforted, so Steve is as satisfied as possible given the circumstances.
His eyes open wide against Steve's chest and he groans into him. "Mmph. Damn it." He throws the covers off and stands up in one fluid motion. He probably shouldn't have, though. Immediately after his feet are planted underneath himself, he feels as though they're going to toss him into the ceiling. Everything around him was spinning.
The telltale waves of anxiety and fatigue should have been enough. Adding a suspicious pain in the back of his neck? That should have been the final straw. But anyone who knows Tony Stark knows that there's no way in hell that he's going to stop working until it's done. His latest project is a new modified web shooter for the kid. It's designed to convert water into web fluid, and it's a good idea.  Tony is tired of getting panic calls from Karen that tell him his kid is falling and out of web fluid.
"Yeah. I'm fine. I'm sorry." He sighs and sits up to look at the other man. "It's just the beginning of a migraine. There's not much I can do about it now. You can go back to bed, I'm gonna keep working." Tony stands up from where they had ended up kneeling in front of his workbench. He rubs at his neck a bit with a grimace before picking the wrench back up.
Tony thought about waking him up and asking him to help.
"What were you thinking about?" Steve asks gently as he sits on the couch beside his boyfriend.
"You know," another soft yawn interrupts him, "I've gone longer than this without sleeping."
"Tony?" He closes his eyes and rests his hands on the table in front of himself, leaning against it heavily. "Come back to bed." Steve stands in the doorway, hair sticking up and hands rubbing over his eyes.
The super soldier was surprised at the vulnerability of Tony's voice and his heart almost broke at the sound of it.
The next few days were spent with Tony lounging and Steve mother-henning.
In confirmation, Steve kisses his temple and nods, "Yeah, we do."
Steve nods and murmurs, "I figured as much. It's alright, you'll get through it. We'll use the tap system." Steve squeezes the other man's shoulder before helping him  to his feet. "Let's go sit on the couch. I know that's the most comfortable for you when you get these headaches."
"Stevie. Just take a nap. I'm okay."
"I'm right here, Tones." He slowly reaches over to Tony and puts a firm hand on the man's shoulder. Steve needs to choose his words carefully now and he knows it. He knows what comes next.
Then his boyfriend keeps talking. "Specifically you and me. Last December." The smirk was all Steve needed to confirm what the other man had referenced.
There's a blanket on him now. Steve's eyes involuntarily fall shut.
When they got to the floor, Tony was immediately slumping forward, which helped Steve's goal. "I figured. Head between your knees." Steve helps guide him, knowing that it would help with the dizziness, which in turn would start to lighten whatever vision problems Tony was having.
Steve leans down and places a gentle kiss on the crown of Tony's head while he continues to massage his temple.
Steve nods to himself before scooting towards the edge of the bed, but frowns a little at seeing how shaky Tony was. "Okay, sweetheart, I'm gonna try and help." The blond knew from experiences with Tony in the past that during the aura phase he was almost always dizzy. Guessing that that was the case for today, Steve gently wraps Tony's arm around his neck and helps him slide to the floor.
Tony nods a bit but quickly closes his eyes, stopping the movement. He holds his hand up in a peace sign—or in this case, a number 'two'— to signify that yes, it is the second phase.
"Go to bed, Tones. Sleep it off." When he earned a groan in response to his encouragement, Steve stifles his chuckle so he doesn't disturb his boyfriend. "It'll pass. Just go to sleep."
Slowly they make their way to the couch and Tony sighs before speaking. "We've got a long day ahead of us, don't we?"
"Fine." Tony amends, "I'm feeling better. For the most part."
Tony wakes up naturally at 7:49. He
Tony agrees, sipping his soup, though they both know that's wishful thinking.
"Steve?"
It's only a few minutes of Steve laying under Tony, trying to soothe him before it finally happens. Tony's breaths even out. His hands stop shaking. Steve sighs, but doesn't move yet. For good measure, he sits there for at least ten more minutes until he's sure that his boyfriend won't wake up.
“This is the soul gem?” asked Proxima shocked
“Yes, my human self was in great danger so I took over and now it’s just the good old soul stone” smirked Tony
“Why?” asked Carol worried
“Oh right” laughed Tony, waving his hand so Wanda could talk again “ As for you little witch if you try that again, i will strip you out of your magic with the most painful way, you could imagine.”
“I will gladly join you,” said Rocket happily
“Anything for you little one” smiled Thanos
Thanos was beyond furious since the disappearance of his soul stone. He killed a lot of his guards in his rage. As for now, he was sitting on his chair, commanding the pilot to fly toward the earth. If his soul stone couldn’t see his worth, well he was going to destroy an entire planet for his stone to see his power and his worth.
“Where is Edward?” asked Stephen
Tony was walking fast in the corridor, not wanting to be let for the dinner with the awesome wizard. He entered inside the room and walked toward the table. Stephen was already there and Tony found him really awesome. His past human self had a crush on this guy so why not him? They were the same guy, well except for a few things. He smirked before sitting in front of him
“Are they ok?” asked T’challa
“You know Tony, he will never agree because he doesn’t want to be a burden” smiled Charles at Logan’s antics.
Thanks for the kudos and comments ^^
“She is going to kick Tony’s butt as well, scaring us like that” smiled Pepper
“I missed you so much,” said Tony hugging his friend “ Where were you?”
“Like this,” said Carol flying a bit
The new chapter is here
(See the end of the chapter for
“You can all stay here but i’m warning you, we don’t know when he will wake up” said Shuri shaking Tony’s vitals.
“What will you do?” asked Tony curious
“Oh Petey” said Pepper immediately taking Peter in his embrace, petting his hair “ She is coming of course but needed to finish something with the association”
“We saved him” finally said Shuri walking through the door” But he is in a coma, we couldn’t do anything else.”
“Yes, who was behind the bombing in Sokovia, who kill my parents?” asked Wanda biting her lips
“Ah nice, we need to protect the stones” smiled Tony “ And i want to help you”
Rocket smiled at that before getting comfortable on the chair, Groot did the same on the couch. But the peaceful moment was quickly interrupted when a guy with a green cape entered inside the room screaming for Tony.
Rocket was a bit far from the scene thinking, this orange dome who had protect them, was really looking like the one who protect them again Thanos. That was really strange and Thor had said that Edward was a bit like Tony Stark. Well he had to be sure before making any assumptions.
“No i can’t, when i pick a form, i stick to it” argued Tony
“WHERE IS MY BEST FRIEND” screamed none other than Pepper Potts entering inside the room
“Well, it’s over already” answered Natasha again” It’s been two years”
“Doom will allow you to stay in his castle as a guest of honour. Tony’s child is more than welcome here” said Doom after a moment “ You can stay until Tony is better.”
“Well….”
“Well your thoughts are so powerful right now that I can detect them from Wakanda,” replied Charles teasing him slightly.
“Thanks you so much i missed this” smiled Loki brightly” Can’t wait to get out of here”
Stephen passed the angry soldier before entering the emergency room. He gave the chocolate to Peter before sitting next to him. No one had left the room yet as they said to Shuri except of course, for the food and others indispensable need. Bruce was sleeping on the couch. Thor was still sitting next to the bed but he had one of Tony’s hand in his hand. Rhodey was currently chatting with Carol. Pepper was on the phone talking to May, who was landing soon in Wakanda. Peter was drinking his chocolate milk with a happy sigh, the milk was definitely the best here.
She was mute by a web against her mouth. Peter was pointing at Wanda with his web-shooter. He was really furious.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My precious gem is finally awake” smiled Thanos entering inside the room
Peter watched the conversation before excusing himself and leave the room toward Shuri’s lab. He needed advice and Shuri was the best person for it. He asked one of the guards to take him there. After a small trip, he was finally in the lab. He sat waiting for Shuri
“Rhodey this is a miracle” smiled Bruce brightly “ But how?”
“Because it’s my husband and he had all the right to be by my side” answered Charles with a smile
Carol looked at Rhodey, with her eyes full of worries. Rhodey could tell why. Tony was in a miserable state, bleeding from everywhere, barely breathing. Rhodey could tell that was a miracle that he was still alive. He turned immediately toward T'Challa who was already sending a message. Everyone who were around, came a bit closer. Peter fall on the ground, overwhelmed by the emotions of seeing Tony again and of his current state. Stephen was next to him quickly, comforting him. He was trying to keep a strong face for the kid but was really worry for Tony. Steve ran paste them, running toward Tony, he was going to ask Carol to let him carry Tony. But someone beat him to it
“Did you see?” asked Strange raising an eyebrow
This comment was the last straw before that Thor snapped. The god ran toward the archer and grabbed him by the throat before raising him from the floor. Nat and Sam screamed at that but couldn’t do anything because Bruce and Rocket were already in front of them.
“May” screamed Peter running into the arms of his aunt.
“Why?” asked Charles rising an eyebrow
(See the end of the chapter for
The chapter is here, sorry for the late update
“He better wake up fast, Groot and I need to thank him” smiled Rocket “Well we will come back for more informations”
The new chapter is here ^^. They are a lot of dialogues in here
“I can’t let you do that, Thanos will punish and you will not being hurt by me”
“I saw Thor and you were about to kill him and nothing after” said Tony thinking
“I will never submit” said Tony furious
“Well your friend saved our ass so be grateful, and now we have to save him” stated Rocket
“Hey Viz, i’m so happy, your operation is coming soon” said Wanda coming closer
“I will not, Tony destroyed my life killed my parents and created the murderous robot named Ultron.” said Wanda furious
“Oh and it’s not because the wizard has a crush on your genius.” smirked Bucky
“I know that i’m really pretty but you should train Gamora instead of fixing me” smirked Okoye killing another bot
Stephen had a big smile, chatting with Edward was really interesting and entertaining.  He had a lot of stories about the universe. So Stephen was listening to him eagerly, that was really amazing.
Thanks again for the kudos and comments
“Well let’s fight together” smiled Okoye
“Well…”
“Why did you wake me up from my healing sleep?” asked  Tony curious
“With the pirate angel” answered Drax
“Hey big guy, how is the new eye?” asked Rocket smiling
“Yeah, he is not here actually probably hiding, that good old coward Tony Stark” replied Clint again with a big smile
“I decided to look for Tony and saved him but he was in this state when I found him.” said Carol, watching the door worried.
“Fucking Doom” groaned someone behind Charles and Erik.” I’m so going to murder his arse. “
Steve couldn’t finish his sentence because a huge noise was heard in front of the palace. They all ran outside, they were quickly joined by everyone else. They were met by Carol and someone in her arms.
May entered the living room when she was done with her phone call with Peter. Her nephew explained her everything and she was less angry than before. She understood Peter and his love for Tony Stark. He was like a new father figure for Peter, always protecting him and never taking the place of Richard or Ben. She liked the man too and considered him as her family since she started dating Pepper. When she sat next to Pepper, everyone was staring at her, demanding answers
“Oh i see” smirked T’challa
“Yes we were more like a team before that civil war” answered Thor
Gamora was sitting against the wall in the training room. She was watching Okoye practicing against a bot with her spire. She had a smile on her face, Okoye had become a really good friend. And she was really strong.
“Thank you for your hospitality and your understanding” answered Peter smiling nicely before entering inside the room and stopped staring at it.
“You seemed really close to the Kid” said T’challa smiling
“What’s going on here? Thor let Clint go now” said Steve with his captain America voice and siding with Natasha and Sam
T’Challa was listening to Charles Xavier about Latveria and how they could save Tony without a major diplomatic incident. Stephen was listening carefully as well but his mind was wandering toward Peter, who wasn’t here, he and Shuri hadn’t made an appearance in a long time and Stephen was getting worried
“Rhodey” replied Logan simply “Tony would be better without that shitty team. Let’s make him join the x-men, I really want to protect him and pass more time with him”
“I’m team Stark too” said a voice suddenly behind them “ He did save our asses too
“Nice of you but i’m still trapped here”
“Thanks guys but where are Rocket and Groot?” asked Peter
“Yes it is” added Thanos “ So little one, how was your rest? It was quite long”
“Let’s go to Niðavellir then on Earth, the Avengers will help us”
“Pretty mess up the mightiest heroes of earth” said Rocket looking at the sky
“Doom demand to know what happened to Tony,” said Doom looking unhappy
“Where am I?” asked a confused Tony
“Hey Punk. What’s wrong?” asked Bucky sitting on a couch
“Thanos that what happens” answered Rocket
Thor was laying on the grass with Bruce Groot and Rocket. They were thinking about the avengers and the civil war, well not for Rocket and Groot who were just chilling with their pirate angel. Hulk was becoming restless, he wanted to avenge his Tony but Bruce was calming him down, talking about a fight later after the rescue. Thor in the other hand, was thinking about  that footage of Siberia. How the two super soldiers let Tony die in his armor. And of course he was wondering why his anthony was on the defense mode during all the fight, because his precious man of iron was certainly able to beat them both.
Peter was eating his pancakes chatting happily with Vision about Tony mostly. He was very happy to share funny stories with the android. Vision was really happy to know more things about his creator and was definitely going to pass more time with him.
“I see and i’m guessing Thanos has something to do with your awakening?” replied Carol
Thanks for the kudos and if you want you can drop some coms.^^
“Never seen this part of the ship” said Tony
I'm back and I have no excuse for the delay, except for my white page syndrome. So sorry
“I am Groot” agreed Groot before extending one of his arms to pet Tony’s hair
“Thanks Clint” said Thor nicely “ How are you?”
Gamora was sitting on a bench in the garden behind the palace with Peter Quill. They were enjoying some peace. Peter was not really glad to be back on earth but, he was far from Missouri so that wasn’t totally bad. Gamora was just happy to be with Peter again, yes she was happy since he woke up. But she still had his mind the future battle against Thanos. The battle was approaching and she will not fail
Thanks again for the kudos and comments^^
“Yes they disappointed me again. and failure is punished by death” explained the mad titan
“His name was Obadiah Stane and he was kind of a mentor to Tony until that son of a bitch tried to kill him and sold weapons under the table,” said Rhodey still highly furious
“Little one, i brought you your meal” smiled Thanos opening the door
Everyone turned around and they were facing a really beautiful woman, floating in the airs. Tony smiled at her before grabbing her and he flew them together in the sky. His human part as well as himself were so glad to see Carol again.
“Tony??” said Rhodey shocked and shocking everyone else.
“What happened to that man?” asked Wanda already wanting to murder someone
Thanks again for the comments and kudos ^^
“Well it’s a bit useless on my part my heart is already taken” smiled sweetly Stephen
“So the suit allows you to become invisible and he can enhance your powers so that will be very easy” smiled Shuri checking everything
“You slept for ten days, i was getting worried little one” answered Thanos smiling
“ Yeah i saw that you trained and this is really good” smiled Natasha
“No, he is not, i already have aunt may and my parents even dead so it’s impossible” blushed Peter
“Good, I’m happy that this guy died.” smiled Wand drinking her tea “ But now I feel really bad. Tony was innocent and I made him see terrible things”
“Yes, he is a murderer and a useless coward” concluded Wanda feeling victorious “ And…”
“Well, you don’t abandon the man that you love, dying in a siberian bunker” answered Bucky
“Oh i see, smart move then” replied Tony
“Of course you can do it but one condition you are the only one that will be able to stay here and no one will enter Latveria except you.” explained Doom “ Now follow Doom, he will show you your room”
“I agree, that will just add more trouble,” nodded T’Challa “ The medic room should stay close and be heavily guarded so no one could sneak in.”
“Me too” added Peter smiling
Sorry for the delay but finals are coming soon
“What about Anthony is he truly not in danger?” asked Thor very worried
“Well let’s save him from Thanos so we can be the science crew” smiled Bruce
“Don’t mess up at the dinner, we need him for saving Tony” said Steve with his captain voice
“Had an urgence, but he will come back soon” answered Carol
“A true miracle I woke up like this” laughed Rhodey
“The witch attacked us once she saw us” said Rocket “ And only Clint was in a problematic position”
“Tony was safe in Wakanda, now you have a lot of people coming for you,” said Vision calmly
“What’s wrong Rhodey?” asked Bruce
“Well i can’t say no” smiled Tony
“Well, I’m not going to give him the choice. At least in Latveria, nothing will happen to him here. Doom is so protective of him.” said Erik softly
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just want to speak with you” said Rogers still smiling
“What did they do?” asked Tony again
Charles raised an eyebrow at that, and he sincerely hoped that his husband would not get too angry at that. But of course, luck wasn’t on his side and he felt his husband tensing beside him. He took his hand and squeezed it, trying to calm the rage that was building inside his love. He sensed another wave of rage behind him and sighed, this was really bad.
“Doom believed that Tony will wake up tomorrow or the day after,” answered Doom walking to his bar, pouring himself a glass of whiskey.
“Well not yet, going to space facing Thanos isn’t that easy.” answered T’Challa
“We didn’t finish our dinner, let’s do it tomorrow” whispered Strange in Tony’s ear
“How did you get here?” asked Peter raising an eyebrow
“I think it’s responding to my touch,” Peter gasped.
“Don’t say that,” Steve retorted, his heart twisting painfully in his chest.
Tony's mouth dumbly but silently flapped open and close as he searched for the words to say but he could barely grasp what just happened. How was he supposed to respond to it?
"Another glass?” Tony asked.
“He told you that stuff about the future,” Bucky whispered, his voice so low that it was near impossible to hear. He even had his hand cupped over his mouth to keep their lip-reading friends in the dark as well. Bucky continued, “But he never outright said he was ‘gay’ too.”
The third, they both turned to each other without a word and kissed.
“But,” Steve said, clearing his throat. “In the meantime, you are grounded.”
Traveling from the Arctic port to New York City took over two weeks.
over a super villain any day.”
let him leave that floor,” Tony commanded, already sprinting to the elevator. He continued, more to himself than Jarvis, “I swear to God, I am not losing another person I love to that monster…
“Where were you?” Peter asked, his sentence only containing a slight hint of the infantile accent he had when Steve first met him. He still messed up on words but more sounds were becoming easier to him. When he first came across him he used to pronounce “you” as “shu.”
For the years to come, he was going to be spending August 20th very differently.
“What?”
Peter could make out the smells of eggs and toast and his stomach grumbled lightly.
“This is for our date,” Tony stated and Steve couldn’t help but smile widely at that.
“Barnes, we know you did not join them willingly. Can you tell me anything about how you became indoctrinated into their program?”
“Tony?” Steve whispered gently.
(See the end of the chapter for
The implant, however, was very real and continued its countdown.
Because he couldn’t change the future and his sweet super soldier had to die or he was cursed to become Hydra’s puppet.
“They’ll be delivered in the morning,” Jarvis assured him.
He always knew this, but it had always felt like a faraway future…and he always assumed he’d see him off…not die.
Before Tony, Steve had dreamed of finding another man to love and be loved in return. However, he assumed it was far-fetched. He thought, at most, he'd only be able to keep seeing the men who were only interested in him for his body. The idea of creating a relationship, nonetheless being able to marry another man seemed impossible.
“In the kitchen!” Tony yelled and Steve ran his hands over his hair again before making his way down the hall.
Eddie turned to the bed and said, “I should take a nap.”
Tony raised his right arm in answer before Steve could ask the question.
At first Mary, listened but made no comments with a hard look was on her face. But then Ben mentioned Peter’s love of science and told her about his inventions and an amazing change took place. Mary’s face opened up, she actively listened, and began to ask questions. She began to refer to Peter by name or as “he.” She made no more mention of him being an “it” or a monster.
He should not have left him like that, especially after what happened to Tony.
The super soldier, thankfully, was nowhere near any media devices or within reach of the paparazzi. Steve was busily hitting the punching bag in the main gym in the Avengers Tower, only a floor below Tony’s workshop.
Wade shook his head and whispered, "Y-You don't know what you mean...Don't say things like that..."
Natasha took the opportunity to clamber back to her coat and dig her pistol out. She spun around and pointed it at her mate, expecting him to be moments from shooting her in the seconds it took her to get her weapon, but he was peering down at the implant on his arm. She couldn’t see it but she knew his implant would look just like hers. It would be blank. No numbers would be marring the screen, attesting to them both finding their soulmate.
Steve licked his lips, conscious of Tony’s eyes on his mouth, and hoarsely said, “Now’s good…”
“Fuck,” Tony cursed when he saw the combined worry in Steve’s eyes, the anger in his clenched jaw, and the sadness in his knotted brow.
Peter and their past selves all wore suits that connected to Friday so he pulled up the vitals to monitor everyone. They all had elevated heart rates, which came as no surprise in a middle of a fight.
“Steve..?”
Finally, everything was going to go back to normal.
He was a machine. A vehicle for his master to use at his pleasure. He was not allowed a soulmate and he wanted nothing to do with this woman who claimed to be his…The only contact he wanted with her, was to wrap his hands around her throat and snap her neck. He should have done that in the first place…
They had no idea what had changed or it would affect the fight between Tony and Stane.
!” Steve gasped indignantly.
Steve smiled to himself and let himself finally give into the darkness that had been eating away at his vision.
As Tony walked away, every inch that separated them ripped at Steve’s heart all the more.
Just as Tony leaned back to meet Steve’s gaze in his confession, he leaned forward and pulled one of the muscles in his chest and couldn’t hold back a hiss of pain as one of the veins felt like a bolt of lightning striking him in the movement.
He coughed for another minute, clearing out the congestion in his throat and Steve slowly sat back down.
He decided to address the elephant in the room and announced, “There’s sand in my ass.”
He looked down at Peter and felt his heart drop when he saw his eyes were closed. Wade lightly stroked the side of Peter’s face and urged, “
Stevio.
Natasha reached into the folds of her dress and pulled out an ancient looking flask. She unscrewed it and carefully put a single, tiny drop into her martini.
His laugh was loud enough to draw attention from outside and there was a light knock on the door and Tony and Steve broke their kiss. They looked to the door just as Coulson stuck his head inside.
He was drawing stares as soon as he pulled off his helmet.
Tony shoved the monster deeper into the cement wall and growled, “
“This is going to be interesting,” Wade murmured. Peter glanced to him and Wade elaborated, “What ‘dirty details’ are we going to discuss exactly?”
“Welcome to Project Winterwidow Part 5, Petey!” Tony exclaimed, reaching across the table to high-five Peter. Peter stood on his chair and reached out to slap Tony’s hand. Peter then held his hand out to Bucky and Bucky leaned forward to lightly tap Peter’s hand with his metal fist.
Ultimately, their kisses slowed to a stop and Tony rested his head against Steve’s chest, listening to his heart beat steadily in his chest.
But then something amazing happened.
Steve’s face broke and he pressed his forehead to Tony’s and tightly held his hand as he gasped, “Don’t talk like you’re going to die…”
“You probably won’t get in too much trouble if you join me on the bed,” Tony said, patting the spot beside him. “We can argue I cannot sleep without my super soldier and I doubt no nurse or doctor would dare ask you of all people to leave, you are Captain America after all.”
, and he freaked out. He’s as straight as a pole and he’s only doing this because I told him it was his best bet.”
He paused as Peter spoke and Steve glanced at Tony with a worried expression. Tony strangled his sheets. He wanted to command Jarvis to hack into Steve's phone so he could listen in but his voice wasn't working. It felt like his throat was closing up. Steve again spoke, "...He does care. That's why he hasn't contacted you in all of these years. He was respecting your parents' wishes..."
Wade pulled his mask a little lower so his nose was no longer showing and murmured, “Diving right into the serious stuff…”
Bad Bucky! You don't hurt Steve! Buuuuucky put him down now!!!! Buucckkkyyy!! DX
Peter dropped his hands with a sigh and turned to his stepfather. He asked, “How’d you know I was here?”
She arched her body up into his and gasped, “Yes.”
“I proposed to him this afternoon,” Tony stated with a grin. “Well…actually, I technically proposed several years ago. Time continuum and all. What year is it by the way?”
“I never had a soulmate,” the Red Skull commented nonchalantly. He completed the circuit around his implant and turned his blade in Steve’s flesh, pushing the implant up at an odd angle. “Is it really worth all of this drama? It seems more like a tether, weighing you down, making you weak.”
Thor’s gift was a tiny dagger encrusted with Asgardian sigils and jewels. Steve ran his thumb over the blade and silently determined to keep it out of Peter’s reach until he was much older.
Steve flushed but turned to Tony with a flirty smile.
He hadn’t really thought how to bring this up or go about doing it…when Peter was kidnapped and his fate unknown, so many different fears ran through him but the strongest had been regret. There would’ve been so much they hadn’t done yet. He didn’t want to miss out on any of it. So, on the plane ride back, he resolved to erase some of those regrets by the end of the night.
“Cap?”
Thor nodded and did as Steve commanded. He lifted his hammer and went flying to the second floor.
“What you are doing right now just proves my point,” Bruce replied.
He immediately made the photo his wallpaper and screensaver and paused to smile happily at the image. His heart swelled and he turned back to the real deal. He put the phone down and lightly kissed Steve’s chin. His hand snaked over his side and then groped his ass. Steve’s hips automatically shifted forward, pressing his cock into Tony’s and Tony muffled his chuckle into Steve’s cheek.
, Steve thought morbidly. How could he let this happen? He might have once fantasized about doing this with Bucky but he had not thought that way since Tony! He would have never let it get this far.
Steve wanted to scream and rage his anger over this injustice…he also wanted to just sob and cry and mourn.  Most importantly, he wanted many more years with the man in his arms. He wanted to love him, to cherish him…to be with him in all the ways they had denied over the years.
“It’s your name, remember?” Tony reminded him.
Steve leaned in and replied, “We should kiss again, just for clarification.”
If Bucky felt like this, he couldn’t begin to imagine what Steve was going through.
Seconds passed for Steve what was an entire day for Tony and then they were back in the dreamscape, looking at each other.
Tony flinched back like he struck him. Tony looked down and clenched his fists.
From the corner of her eye she saw Steve struggle to get to his feet and gasp, “
The dreamscape trembled.
“You’re a good friend, Peter,” Eddie murmured into Peter’s shoulder.
Steve automatically grasped Tony’s hand and leaned into his side. Tony held him tightly but didn’t look away from the screen as their past lives played out before them.
Tony was usually quiet when someone came up to Steve but, as soon as they were alone, Tony was chattering away again. Steve found himself leaning closer to Tony as he talked, enjoying his company and easy candor.
. You two look exactly like each other.”
Tony sighed and then began recounting his childhood memories. Steve silently listened and felt detached from the situation even though Tony was mapping out his last moments.
They spent most of their time in the workshop: Bucky reading and Tony working on the new arm.
“…Yeah, I’ll – I’ll do that…”
Was…Was he being serious? Were he and Steve going to adopt a kid?
Steve did not turn around but he did nod to let Tony know he had heard.
“Something akin to a come on?” Tony sarcastically asked from his place deep inside Steve’s embrace.
,” Wade replied ominously, wiggling his fingers against Peter’s skin and then he made eerie, “OooooOOOoooing” noises like a ghost.
He saw Pepper consider it but then the machine shuddered to a stop and Pepper slipped. Steve acted on instinct. He felt Tony surge forward beneath his hands so he threw Tony backwards then threw himself forward.
“Then I shall join you!” Thor gasped.
“My master he -,” the man stopped speaking and his gaze zeroed in on her. Natasha tightened her hold on her gun and shifted uneasily on her knees. He gasped, “You are my soulmate?” Natasha nodded and his eyes greedily took in her form. He whispered to himself, “I have a soulmate…”
He got no reply, but he didn't expect one.
“An eye for an eye. A tooth for a tooth,” Stark murmured.
When Tony pulled away from him, Steve was reluctant for the moment to end. With slightly puffy lips, Tony smiled happily at him and murmured, “For a first kiss, that one was pretty fantastic. One of the top ten in history even. I bet we did better than Romeo and Juliet.”
Tony had obtained her medical files illegally so they could not be used in trial but, with the multiple testimonies, Tyler’s credibility was crumbling. No cameras were allowed in the courtroom but it was still open to courtroom reporters who jotted down every instance of the trial. Every day, the rest of the world indirectly heard their testimony and collected evidence. Social media was discussing it on all the available forums and support for Steve’s case was growing.
“And we’ll help him every step of the way,” Steve promised.
They stayed like that for a long time. Long enough that Steve's nurses came looking for them and berated them both for keeping Steve out so long.
“Peter!” Natasha hissed and Peter jolted to a stop several feet away. Natasha turned to him the demanded, “Tell me exactly what Uncle Tony told you to say to me.”
What else did the future hold for them?
“Ugh,” he groaned.
Steve looked up too and didn't see anything out of the ordinary. He murmured, “Are you sure?”
“Was?” Steve caught the word and repeated it with caution.
"I'd hire them," Tony was quick to retort and Steve elbowed him in his side as he smothered a chuckle.
“It’s alright, Peggy, I just…” Steve began lifting his head to meet her eyes. The words died in his throat when he suddenly caught sight of Tony over her shoulder, walking through the camp and looking around as if he was searching for something…more likely someone…
Bucky clapped Steve's arm one last time and then turned away from him.
Steve’s blood broiled but he did not rise to bite the obvious tether the taunt was attached to. Bucky was with Tony. His soulmate and friends could help him now. Instead, he hissed, “What do you want, Schmidt?”
. You can have it just…just lower the gun.”
Tony lay beside him so they were shoulder to shoulder and turned his head to whisper in Steve’s ear, “As a kid, I and every other kid on the planet who watched the moon landing wanted to be an astronaut.”
“Central Park!” Clint affirmed and jumped in the pilot’s seat.
He loved that woman, she kept him in his place. She was one of the few people he could truly trust. It was why he made her CEO of his company after all.
00016:10:12:06:05:14
“FUCK OFF!”
“Bucky Barnes.”
Tony whispered, “Very well...I need to prepare you.” Before Steve could question what he meant, Tony poured some of the liquid from the open bottle on his hand then plunged a finger inside Steve.
Tony glanced at his husband and saw Steve smiling warmly at him and Tony knew he was thinking the same thing he was…They’d all had survived. They all were going to experience another of Peter’s birthdays. Life seemed better with that knowledge. He’d been taking it for granted until he nearly lost it all.
“Okay, he’s found. You can get lost,” Wade snidely stated.
“Fine, fine, I romanced you,” Tony stated.
“Being superheroes is not just about saving the world. It is also about sacrifice,” Tony whispered. “You don’t have to do this. You can go back to being an ordinary kid.”
“It’s fine,” Rogers reassured him. He smiled warmly at Peter and said, “We haven’t told SHIELD about you, about-about Spider-Man. And Tony has not told them about having a son. We’re going to let you decide what SHIELD knows…”
“And now we have it, Stark,” Coulson replied.
“I promise,” Steve whispered, lightly squeezing the back of his neck.
"I am not," a pause, "that bad." The yawn that interrupts him causes Tony's face to soften as he sighs.
Steve whispers to FRIDAY as he starts to gently massage Tony's temple with the cool tips of his fingers. "Don't respond FRI, but can you turn the lights completely off?" He smiles slightly when the well-programmed AI follows the two commands.
After what seems like years of Steve teaching Tony how to breathe, Tony calms down. He leans forward and rests his head on Steve's shoulder. Finally though, Tony opens his tired eyes and tries to melt into Steve's shoulder.
Tony glances between Steve's pleading eyes and his work and hesitantly nods. "Yeah, let's get," He checks his watch to see that it's five AM. "About three hours?"
"Yeah, yeah. Shut up yourself old man." Tony sends his boyfriend a playful smile, clearly feeling better if he was back to poking at Steve's age. "Thanks for taking care of me, Stevie."
"Are you-"
Steve wasn't amused though, and it showed on his face. The blond's look wiped Tony smirk off in an instant.
He sighs slightly when he feels Tony's communication.
Carefully, Steve removes himself from under Tony and sighs as he stands up. It's a tricky game after that, but he manages to dodge all of the puke beside the couch. Five minutes later, Steve returns with his arms full of supplies. He fumbles to try and turn off the flashlight he'd been using.
Tony should have taken the slight pain in the back of his neck as a sign to stop for a while. He's
"Do you really wanna know?" The blond nods a bit, so Tony answers. "You." There's a dramatic pause and Steve almost thinks Tony is going to be sweet.
Tony hums, obviously satisfied with the common answers. Steve leans back, sitting on his heels as he waits for another question, but it never comes. Tony would usually ask
"S-Steve- I c-can't. No- I- It's not- I
"Oh Tones..." Steve mumbles, grabbing a small trash can from under the kitchen sink. Half walking, half jogging into the room with it. He sits down by his boyfriend's head and grimaces at the pile of puke near the couch. He soothingly rubs Tony's back, only earning an angry groan from his partner. "I know, sweetheart. Let it out. You're okay."
"Okay. Let's get some food in you before you go back to bed."
"Any time, Tones." He nods with a fond smile. "Oh! Wait! Except hopefully never again."
Steve is dumping all of the used paper towels into the small trash bin when he hears stirring from the couch.
Tony holds his hands out to Steve after he stands up. When the blond finally cooperates, he pulls his boyfriend up just enough to help him lay down on the couch.
"Like I got hit by a bus." He takes a swig of the water before capping it up and tossing it back on the couch. The bottle slides to the floor and Tony mumbles 'that's unfortunate' before continuing the earlier statement. "And then shit on by birds and run over by a jet on a drag strip." He smiles slightly at his boyfriend and jokes, "So... better than my worst hangover."
"10:04 AM."
Right now all he needed to do was focus on not collapsing. Bracing his hands on the nightstand he tries to stifle his groans. His vision was dancing as he tried to focus on the digital alarm clock. He rubbed at his eyes and tried to read the time again.
Tony felt his knees start to wobble and sat back on the edge of the bed. His actions jostled a slowly waking Steve, who became more alert, when he saw Tony in distress.
On the floor?
"You're right, Stevie, but you're well on your way to one."
“Home,” Steve replied.
“Tell her what I am going to do next is all her fault.”
The mystery of his past just became much more vaster than he could have ever imagined.
He swore loudly and tripped on his loosened pants, falling back onto the bed.
Tony continued, “Anyways, I like both men and women. Not many know I’m bisexual because I’m picky with my men. They have to have the physique of a Greek God to have a chance to get into my bed. Which, once again, is your fault Cap.”
Tony grinned, happy to hear his name on Wade’s lips. Tony leaned back into his bed and said, “Good. Now that we’re officially on a first name basis, we can discuss the merits for having me as your father-in-law.”
“Steve!”
“Anyone could look up weird insults from the 40s,” the imposter growled indignantly.
,” Clint hissed. “Details.
The man’s smirk rose a tad on the right and he replied, “Rhodes is enjoying the company of the Mandarin. And you are only in the way of my fallback target.”
of all organizations. The house had more than enough rooms but it felt crowded with a full team of superheroes, their mates, and Clint’s two children.
Did that mean Tony was going to get the reactor in his chest soon? He wished his son had revealed how that happened. He didn’t like not knowing…
“You think this was the reason Norman is letting Harry here? To scope out your lab?” Steve questioned. Harry had been coming to the tower for years. Steve doubted Norman would keep putting any spy technology on his son if that was his original intent.
Tony got to his feet, easily slipping from Bucky's hold and stated, “I…I think I’m going to hit the sack early.” Steve was staring up at him with stark fear and it made Tony's insides twist. He turned away from them and to the team said, “G’ Night, Commandos!”
“We don't have much food in the kitchen,” Steve murmured. All the food was kept in the main kitchen on the community floor. The Avengers always ate together…His mind flashed back to the countless meals he had shared, sitting next to Tony. He crumpled in on himself and murmured, “I don’t feel hungry.”
Tony woke with these same thoughts four days in. Steve had crept over to Tony’s side of the bed in their sleep and was sharing his pillow with him. The sheets were tangled at their waists and Tony had unconsciously tugged the majority to his side again. Steve was spooning Tony from behind and Tony silently pressed himself deeper into his lover’s hold. Steve did not wake but his arm shifted tighter across his waist.
Jarvis, whom Tony unconsciously listened for, did not reply as it wasn't going to be created in another 40 some years.
“He has zero romance,” Tony grumbled. “I can’t believe he got her flowers meaning ‘
Despite his uneasy stomach, Tony also took a few bites but darkly wondered about the situation.
Everyone, even his parents, were staring at him in horror.
One of the suits flew up to him and Steve told it, “You would not believe how happy I am to see you.”
“Spider-Man and Deadpool together, SHIELD is going to flip,” Logan observed with a grin, biting the cigar between his teeth.
Howard was late to Tony’s High School Graduation. He and Peggy had been investigating a new lead. They came across a strange lab that had clearly been abandoned for years but it looked like some kind of super soldier research had been done there.
Coulson met them part of the way and Tony demanded, “How is he?! Did you see him!?”
, just like that bio-shield Peter created. But, according to Logan, this thing smelt
“Thank God,” Tony gasped and his hands shot up around Steve's neck and drew him down. Tony's hips automatically started to move against his and Steve peppered kisses all over his face, making his soulmate laugh joyfully.
my life. I love you, Steve. I didn’t know happiness until I met you.”
Pepper had been hissing something to Tony when he reentered the room but she was struck silent when she saw the shield.
– with Tony.
-,” Tony began.
Eventually, Venom could no longer hold its form and had shrunk, leaving Peter in control again.
Bucky threw him back into the car and he slumped forward over the steering wheel.
He just hit the button for the elevator when Steve caught up with him.
It was glowing again and the placard around it was a shining halo, looking like it had never been broken.
“No, Sir, it’s the anniversary of the day you and Captain Rogers reunited. It’s been a year since that day.”
He started to run by Tony’s twice, once in the morning and then just after twilight.
Natasha wanted to scream but the breath was frozen in her throat. She went to touch her soulmate but two soldiers stepped forward and grabbed both of her arms, dragging her away. James slipped off her lap and did not move as they took her away.
“See ya,” Steve replied and she nodded one more time before stepping onto the elevator and disappearing behind the sealing doors.
Natasha lunged forward to attack him but Thor stepped in front of her. Bucky did not move and watched Natasha struggle with the Norse God with a gloomy eye.
As he pushed himself on his elbow and reached for his phone to check the time, and a hand suddenly hooked itself on his hip. Peter jumped and turned to face the person in his bed, only to impact his face into Wade’s chest.
Steve swallowed his words and adjusted the basket in his arms. He whispered, “It’s nothing…
Or…at least that was what he told himself he was doing.
“Cap!” Tony retorted.
“Well…
“He will eventually,” Steve assured him.
“Whatever you want, Buck,” Steve replied softly. He changed the subject to a lighter topic to calm him down and said, “…You know, earlier Peter asked me if you were his brother?”
So many factors could go wrong and all they could do was watch.
Pepper whispered, “Forget my lists then. If this becomes real, if there are no more lies, then I believe you and Steve can get out of this with your heads held high.”
stronger?”
The green monster grabbed Tony in its powerful grip and tore him away from Venom. Smoke was trickling from its mouth and the Goblin roared, “I WILL NOT BE MADE A FOOL OF!”
It shouldn’t end like this.
Tony was leaning against the wall across from Steve’s door, wearing the same shirt and jeans he had left him in.
Thank you for your patience! Here's another gigantic chapter! :D
“Not bad?!” Wade squawked. “It was
Peter stared miserably at his hands for a moment and then went into his bathroom and took the shower he threatened to take.
Peter pointed to the picture from his birthday which Steve had snapped of both of them eating giant cake slices. Harry looked at the entire wall first starting at their picture then spanning to take the rest in.
Tony jerked and nearly dropped his phone but there was no use in hiding it. Peter was awake and he had seen it, seen Steve.
“…I think so too,” Steve replied, lightly grasping Tony’s hand. Tony looked at him and Steve said, “Peter is smart. He’ll know when he should and should not use it.”
“Okay,” Tony murmured, taking it all in stride. His heart was pounding furiously and a slight sliver of fear was stabbing into it but Tony was easily able to ignore it because Thor and his hammer were there.
He wanted to be with his mate
Still moving with the music and pressed into each other, Steve and Tony undid each others pants. Both garments sagged but did not fall off so Tony dragged himself down Steve’s body, taking his boyfriend’s jeans with him. Steve kicked the pants away and as Tony crawled up his body, he stepped out of his as well. He dragged his hands up Steve’s inner thighs and came within inches of touching his balls before he bypassed his entire waist and ran his hands up Steve’s torso instead.
Eons seemed to pass with Steve stuck in this state. All he could think, feel, and breathe was cold.
“I love you,” Steve whispered into his lips and kissed him. It felt so right.
world to consider, a world where Hydra is still active. Does that mean World War II never ended? How many people die that didn’t have to?…How many do
Thor did not question his orders and flew in. He slammed down his hammer between them, making the Goblin jump back from Steve. Tony swooped in, grabbed Steve, and they went blasting in the direction of Oscorp Tower.
“It won’t big guy,” Tony promised. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and promised, “I’m drawing out the big guns right now. Tyler won’t know what hit her.”
Tony teased, “Are you going to read me a bedtime story too?”
Steve had been sitting at the end of the couch, next to Bruce, and had a sketchbook sitting on his lap but it was now on the floor…
“You have no control of that,” Tony hissed, sitting beside Steve on the bed. He cupped Steve’s cheek and whispered, “I looked into it and no one in recorded history has ever experienced what we have. We don’t know why you were able to stay in my dreams but maybe…maybe our luck is running out…”
Peter’s lower lip jutted out. He pouted at Steve, like he had done many times to get his way. It was as if Steve somehow held sway over the universe and Peter expected his father to snap his fingers and produce Tony in an instant.
Wade smiled, loving the nerd showing in his baby boy even at this moment, and he whispered, “No, remember the night of your birthday, the night before Venom…” Peter’s smile shrunk a little and he nodded. Wade continued, “You brought up coming out…to the world… and we decided to wait…” Wade felt Peter tense beneath him as his words were finally making sense to him.
“Tony?! What are you doing?”
“A little of both,” Peter replied with a smirk.
He replied with a quick “Kk” and then Peter got to his feet as he threw back the last of his drink.
Steve was maybe a few hundred yards from Tony when he looked up to him. His eyes were glistening with newly shed tears and Steve wanted to comfort him so badly that he felt his heart pull in his chest in the direction of the boy.
She smiled sadly at him and whispered, “We’ll send Tony to boarding school until you or SHIELD find out who is trying to kill everyone from Project Rebirth and stop them…Then we’ll bring him right back home.”
To Steve’s surprise, Tony’s jaw dropped and he exclaimed, “THAT’S SO AWESOME!”
“Tony?”
Steve gently ran his hands through Tony’s hair and whispered gently to him until his soulmate’s eyes closed and the darkness took them again.
…Or maybe it was because he would die young.
“It’s the way you wore it in the past-
Into the stone, Tony whispered, “I love you, Steve. If you could hear anything of this, just know that I love you…”
Bucky silently nodded and Tony sat down next to him.
“You make me happy, Light of my Life,” Tony sighed dramatically.
“Only for ice cream,” Peter retorted, making Bruce’s jaw drop and Steve and Tony laugh.
He pulled Tony to his feet and Tony leaned heavily into his boyfriend’s side. Steve effortlessly guided him to the small bathroom attached to the workshop.
“Natasha has been sharing Steve’s schedule with me. I can recommend he get a few days off next week.”
...But in the recesses of his soul, his heart cried out at the unfairness of it all.
Tony looked reassured by his statement and nodded. Their eyes locked again and they stared wordlessly at each other. Steve was admiring his eyes and he couldn’t guess why Tony stared back.
He ran ahead of them and Steve gasped, “Wait! That’s not fair! You know Peter won’t let me hear the end of it until I get him ice cream! Tony?!”
They were getting nowhere until Steve made a silly suggestion.
Steve grasped Tony’s hand and reminded him, “My life truly started when you fell into that time machine.”
“I’m going to meet my soulmate in a week,” Steve gasped in shock. He turned to the older man, unashamed by the tears gathering in his eyes and he brokenly asked, “I-Is this real?”
?” Her mate’s voice whispered to her in her mind.
Wade turned everything on and handed Peter a controller. Peter was sitting normally on the couch until Wade decided to sit behind him. Like an obtrusive cat, he stepped onto the couch and sat behind him, pushing Peter forward and slotting his legs on either side of Peter’s.
They got stuck in traffic for the drop-off zone until finally, Happy announced, “We’re next in line.”
Steve leaned the broom against the wall and went over to Tony. He kissed those smiling lips and then whispered, “Good morning, Sleeping Beauty.”
Peter was there when the android in the guise of his mother exploded.
Tony winced. Steve had clearly not fully forgiven him yet. Tony leaned forward until his head was pressed against Steve's stomach and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s head in an odd embrace. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s waist tightly and whispered, “I’m sorry for that. I’m so sorry, Steve…I know this probably sounds empty to you right now but…I promise it will never happen again. I promise…” He bit down on his lip and then also swore, “And…And I’ll…I’ll give Wade his chance…it’s the least I can do for Peter…”
Tony needed to stop the fight and he knew the fastest way to do so. He turned on the thruster blasts to max on his hands and spun a few times, firing over the heads and drawing a nearly perfect line along the perimeter of the circular room.
“Turn him on his side,” Natasha hissed. “It’ll make it easier for him to breathe.”
“I’m not going to kiss you.”
“He says it out of love,” Steve told the man beneath him and, to his best friend, replied, “Isn’t that right, jerk?”
“Father i wish to congratulate you for the acquisition of the stone” said Proxima kneeling before the mad Titan
“Oh and the witch attacked us first” concluded Peter
“It’s fine Okoye, Doom is always a pain in the ass” answered Rhodey smiling at her before turning a burning stare to the intruder “Be quiet Tony need to rest”
“Well i needed to be alone” answered Steve smiling
“Every child of Tony? Peter is here?” asked Vision curious
“Something happened?” asked Tony raising an eyebrow
Stephen was sitting next to T’challa on  the private living room of the king. They were chatting about everything. The two men became close really fast when the King passed the cold look of the doctor.
“Well like do you like Wakanda?” smiled Rogers
“Yes it’s just that someone wants to kill Tony again and I’m getting tired of this” answered Peter sighing
“Hey Rhodey, how is our saviour?” asked Rocket from the doorstep and Groot was with him
“I see let’s go back, I don’t want them to be worry over you” smirked Carol once more
The next one is here.
Thanks again for the comments and kudos. Don't hesitate to leave some!
Thanks for the comments and kudos. Made my days haha
“If i can’t use the stones yet, i can still use this.” said Thanos throwing something on the floor “ My specialist found a interesting note about a cage made for the soul stone, so you will be here in your little cage until i found the others stones”
“They needed a little motivation and with you here well it’s motivation” smirked Thanos
“Ah as usual” laughed Clint “
“Well if you want to” smiled Carol giving him her precious load
Wakanda
They all walked back toward the palace, chatting about a lot of things. Rhodey was watching this with mistrust, that was a really bad sign. Clint wasn’t really objective, he was still full of hatred to anyone who wasn’t in his team during Civil War. Rhodey watched one last time before heading toward Thor and the others for warning them about that.
“It’s wise to do this but we need to save him” frowned Vision
“Oh you think, we are lying, let’s give you a bit of what happens” smirked Stephen sending a string on magic inside Clint’s head.
“See,” Peter said to the Director. “Everything is
(See the end of the chapter for
Did he feel Steve’s erection? Steve crossed his legs and his genitals felt like they were being crushed between two ton weights.
“Jarvis, I need another suit!” Tony called out to his AI.
They kissed with needy abandon. Tony was right. He could wake at any moment and any day now might be his last. They needed to make every moment count because their limited moments were dwindling away faster than falling grains of sand.
Tony wasn’t certain how he was going to react to the darkness in the coming days, but he knew he was going to wake up with Steve at his side and a kiss on his lips.
Steve mumbled something under his breath as Tony’s movements jostled him. Tony melted into Steve and stilled. Steve fell back into his deep sleep and Tony started to lightly run his fingertips over the groves in Steve’s chest muscles.
He saw Steve’s eyes get a little wider and Tony’s heart constricted a little more. Oh, this was going to be tough. Maybe this was too soon. Maybe he should have given Steve a few days to recover.
He didn’t know what was going on at first. He woke up as he was getting out of bed. He was still groggy with sleep so he didn’t understand
shave, he did not have to hold back.
“Oh Lord,” Steve gasped and buried his face in his hands to muffle his blush. Maybe taking Tony up on a date was not such a good idea.
When he didn’t reply, Pepper stuck her head in and, when she saw he was awake, she slipped in the room.  She whispered, “Hey, Tony, you wanna get some lunch?”
“Jarvis?? How do I help him?!?!” Tony demanded.
Peter rolled his eyes and walked into the kitchen, groaning, “I don't want to fight about this again. Let's talk about something else. Anything else.”
Steve screamed like he ripped out his very soul.
“No…It’s just…” Tony ran his fingers over the goatee he was growing in and he murmured, “I just hadn’t realized until now…but…look at you…”
“Come here, beloved,” Tony whispered, grasping Steve’s cheek and drawing Steve’s lips to his. Steve sighed as he relaxed into Tony’s kiss. It was so unlike all the other kisses they shared. It was unhurried and his lips slid across Steve’s in a slow and gentle caress.
This kiss was brief but had filled Steve with yearning. When they broke apart, Tony gasped into his mouth, “Can you ever forgive me?”
Peter’s body went numb and he sunk to his knees, unable to support himself any more.
“Oh, don't ‘
During the day, they became the faces of the Avengers and helped in the reconstruction of New York both directly and indirectly. They and the other Avengers helped in the cleanup and moving large hindrances. They were the only two faces of the Avengers who were public before the attack and the only two who were okay with remaining public. The others were too used to the lives of being elusive and did not want to be on camera more than they had to so Steve and Tony became to faces of the Avengers. They mainly helped in obtaining funding by speaking on behalf of New York to the rest of the world in request for aide.
The suit did not hear him and shot at Pepper. She dodged it with a single step and glared at Tony.
Steve sighed unhappily and pulled back from him. He noted, “You’re not happy that I mentioned Wade.”
Tony was near salivating at the shield’s nearness but he practically choked on it when the man wielding the defensive weapon turned to toward Tony.
Bruce silently listened too but seemed so tired it looked like an effort to eat nonetheless speak. By the look of the bags underneath his eyes and his worn expression, he had probably pulled an all-nighter. He ate his pancakes with blackberry syrup.
However, when Tony finally went hunting for Steve, he was not in his room, or the gym, or the kitchen…or the main living room.
Natasha pointed her gun at Bucky’s head and Clint slowly lowered his bow.
Tears fell freely from Tony’s eyes by the time Peggy was done and he gasped, “How can I possibly move on after – after…” Tony choked on the words and turned onto his side to bury his face into his pillow. His shoulders began to shake and he sobbed into his pillow. Peggy tried to comfort him, but Tony hissed, “Leave me alone!”
In seconds, all the plans he just made began to crumble.
Everything felt like it was on fire.
“Don’t forget the name: ‘Captain Glorious Ass.’”
Shock froze him. Steve stared blankly at Tony as he processed his words.
“I’m Tony Stark, Howard’s son,” he explained. The robot shell closed itself and stepped back into the corner of the room.
He hadn’t heard Natasha’s light step and didn’t notice her presence until she was gently pulling back his hair to keep it from getting dirty.
“Say, ‘Hail, Hydra,’ Captain,” Schmidt ordered.
“Go to hell,” Steve hissed in return, his heart was still racing with fear.
to save Steve.
“I feel somewhat responsible. He remembered me first,” Steve tried to explain. Internally, he was flinching again. Natasha had been upset with Steve as well. The main reason she was upset with Bucky was because he remembered Steve over Natasha twice. She was upset with Steve because, when Bucky pursued Steve, Steve had wavered. Old feelings from the past compromised Steve and it almost destroyed his relationship with Tony. As both their friends, she had felt hurt by Steve’s near-betrayal too.
“I can’t unfreeze Peter without unfreezing it!” Wanda hissed, her arms trembling from the force of her magic. Peter was frozen with the look of shock marring his features whilst Venom looked like a demon of rage on the war path. Its mouth was open in a silent scream and it looked like it was close to biting Peter’s head off. What was most concerning to Wade, however, were the tendrils. A few looked to have pierced Peter though most had frozen just shy of his skin.
fair. The employees and their kids loved to see them. Sunday night was always their biggest night. Were they going to bail out on it in order to get married?
They parked behind the stage and had yet to be noted by anyone. Steve looked outside the tinted windows and thought back fondly on the fake name Tony had created for him. He could have lived out a quiet life, gone to art school, and sketched for the rest of his days.
As soon as he opened the storage fridge, Venom slid out of the beaker and wrapped itself around him. Peter released an audible sigh as he relaxed into Venom’s embrace. He felt so much better with Venom. He knew he was safer with it. He was going to have to find a way to keep it with him always and not just a tiny piece, but the entire mass.
The glow from Tony’s reactor illuminated Steve’s form and Tony sunk into his soulmate’s side with a relieved sigh.
He all but ran out of that store and Harold called after him, yelling, “Wait!”
Last night’s awful dinner, hovered on the fringes of his mind but, with Wade moving against him like this, it was being pushed back. His mind only focused on the man in his arms and how great of a kisser he was and how wonderful his body felt against Peter’s.
Eddie ignored him and grabbed the largest beaker in the lab, placing it next to the smaller beaker of their experiment. He poured the contents of VENOM into the big one and it sloshed noiselessly into it and it settled almost immediately. There were no ripples from the impact and such an unusual phenomenon sent a shiver down Peter’s spine. Keeping his eyes on the alien substance, Peter murmured, “Ed, we should study this thing before we do –.”
“Sounds good,” Tony replied with a smirk.
They slowly went through them. Bucky never said a word, but Tony provided commentary as the photos reminded him of happier times.
Steve adjusted his arms around Tony and then lay his head on top of his lover’s. Holding Tony like made Steve's entire being content and he couldn’t help but agree, “Yeah, they are…”
Pepper had highlighted everywhere Peter needed to sign or initial and, as he did so, he asked, “How much have we told them? About our history?”
you could fuck me?” Tony countered with a slick smile and pulled Steve back to the bed that materialized behind him.
“…And the sixth?” Steve questioned.
Wade closed the door behind them and bolted it shut. He stepped behind Peter as he surveyed the place and wrapped his arms around Peter, crossing them over his chest. He pressed his chest to Peter's back and leaned into him. Peter leaned back with a light smile.
anymore!”
But he was still too afraid to lead. He was not used to being his own master and making moves without command. He pressed his forehead to hers and whispered, “My heart is racing.”
“Why are you smirkin’ like an idiot?” Bucky asked Steve with a raised brow.
“My God! You Amish or something??”
“But if he’s in New York then we need to go there now before the punk does something reckless like he always does!” Bucky hissed, practically vibrating with the need to go chasing after Steve.
“Kiss me,” Steve hissed. He needed that tongue, that glorious tongue.
of explaining to do…” Steve gritted then stepped forward.
Steve let himself sink into the bed and met Tony’s emotional gaze. Steve’s pain dwindled but Tony’s emotional pain only seemed to grow. Tony finally snapped, “
“Good morning, Tony.”
Tony put on
The green beast stomped away and Venom did not give chase. He needed to stop chasing volatile food. He needed to hunt weaker prey.
He held Tony’s face and had been peering at the smudges of grease that had been there for days and dark circles under his eyes. Steve grumbled to him about not taking care of himself and Tony just smiled at him like he usually did.
Bucky followed Steve after the meeting so he was there when he told Tony the length of the planned march.
Steve smiled widely, his eyes crinkling from his elation, and he replied, “Yes, yes, yes, I will marry you, you big doofus!” He kissed Tony tenderly and then mumbled against his lips, “I love you so much,
From what he gleaned from the other soldiers, it was from the year 2009. Adding up the years, Howard, Steve, and the others would be really old men at that point, but it was possible they were still alive during Sneaky’s timeline.
“Peter?” Steve gasped. Bruce was babysitting him in his lab as the rest of them went to check out the bank robbery. Thor and Clint were not in the building.
“You’re thinking about eating again while we’re eating?” Steve teased, pushing his unfounded fears about Bucky out of his mind. He was getting Natasha flowers. It was a simple process. He would be fine.
Other than that, Tony did not push Steve any further because it had been what they discussed when they first planned: only touching and kissing. He also was not sure if Steve had really ever
Steve shoulders drooped as he stared at Natasha’s back.
Wade kicked himself and Peter away from the black cloaked figure and gasped, “
Venom was drawn to a large intersection where a great, cylinder glass cage sat in the middle. More wires than usual hung around the intersection and there were additional speakers but Venom ignored them, the cage was clearly there for him and captured all of his attention. Venom recognized it from his host’s memories as being the thing that could contain the Hulk and Norse Gods. Venom paused as he doubted decision to move any closer.
“And it is good to have you back, sir. You have been missing for over a week. A SHIELD company has been guarding the time machine, waiting for your return.”
It would be safe to say that Tony Stark could lay claim some of the most colorful experiences possible.  Champagne and cocaine laced parties that turned into orgies, rooms filled with the glitter and grace of Western society, any locale or person was accessible to him.  Even since the shift from the bubble-like cocoon that has been so rudely popped but had allowed him to become Iron Man, and the subsequent transition into a responsible “role model” (or so Pepper had said), he’d only floated between harsh austerity and lush excess.  The middle ground was something completely foreign, and completely boring in his eyes.
back,
“Steve!” Tony called, and was helpless to resist marching over and giving Tony a kiss.  “Clint is a heathen.”
It would probably look awkward from the outside: a grown man balanced in the lap of an only slightly larger man, but Tony doesn’t care. Steve holds on too tight for him to even think of moving. Only when Tony shifts closer and feels
Tony, of course, had leapt on Steve’s enthusiasm, buying him books and organizing a private tour of the Smithsonian’s Air and Space for him.  Tony also had plans for taking Steve to Cape Canaveral, and Johnson Space Center, and the entire Ohio Aviation Heritage Trail, but they were just ideas sitting in a folder, because Tony wanted to take Steve, not the Avengers, who would most certainly get them kicked out for climbing things, and they couldn’t go alone, because how would it look, two men on cheesy vacations together?
“The nightstand?”
he mused as he pulled himself out from beneath a torso and a couple of limbs.
It was more than a little confusing; Tony was used to hosting kings to give him the best in terms of garments, wine, entertainment, prostitutes.  Their perfumed guest rooms were filled with the finest silks, dyed Tyrrhenian purple and trimmed in gold and silver, and pretty slaves would bathe him before escorting him to bed.  Here in Korkyra, it was bare bones compared to what Tony was used to, but it was clear Steve was giving him the best he had.  The bed was sturdily made from olive wood with a good mattress and dressed with linen and a fine woolen
“‘Cause I have more of a reason not to trust you, if we’re being honest.”
Steve’s lap is warm. It fits well into the cradle of Tony’s hips. Like they were made for each other. And yes, Tony will entertain that ridiculous notion, because they have come across time and space and foiled death so many times, just to be here, and it is more than what he could have ever have imagined, because
And if he was to live here for a year, it was not in anyone’s best interest to be on the wrong foot with the king.  The man who he was supposed to be learning from.
“Do I ever. But usually I just try
Steve is decked out in his Cap suit, sans helmet. He appears vulnerable, shorn blond hair glinting in the bloody sunset, sky streaked with purples and oranges.  Frilly cirrus clouds magnify the colors, with a faint smattering of cumulus to add interest.  Tony has long since learned the optimum clouds to have when one is hoping to fly.  (No, Thor’s preferences don’t count unless they’re on their way to a fight.)  Clear skies are nice, but there’s no fun without obstacles.
He wandered into the courtyard, dragging his trunk as he headed towards the narrow staircase that led to the southern side of the
“Stay,” Tony requested weakly.
Tony just stood beside him, beaming at the man he, well,
He was a bit more vigorous in toweling himself off, kneeling between Tony spread thighs.  With a lazy grunt, Tony snagged a small hand towel and after a few harsh pulls through his own hair, he loped the towel around Steve's neck and pulled him in.
“Because of him.”
“Your flirting is painful to watch. I just hope you know that.”
Pepper strode over, put her hands on either side of his face and stared directly into his eyes.  “Are you okay?”
“Your father?  Why would he send a crazed boar?” Tony asked.
The beast snorts softly in its sleep. Maybe that’s how dragons snore?  He doesn’t know.  Doesn’t intend to stick around to find out.  He’s been in enough strange situations to know when it’s best to flee.
Those working in the yards surrounding the palace had largely packed up and headed home, a few loiterers chatting about this and that.  Word seemed to have gotten out, because they pointed at him and the word “Athenian” drifted through the early evening air.  It was said with no malice, only curiosity, but Tony was fairly certain he would not be making intimate friends outside the Alastors.
“It’s like calisthenics.  You might have missed a few things, doing time as a Capsicle.”
“Shhh, overdosing on the sap, Cap.  We’re all running on emotion right now.  Don’t worry about it.”
“Oh, Tony.  If only you could properly see yourself.”
It’s fitting, he thinks. He couldn’t save one mother, and he killed the other.
“Well, there is this Godiva gift set I’ve seen.  Everyone can use more chocolate.  I’ll have to wait until he’s awake though, or it will be eaten by my pet bird.”  She tried smiling at him, but stopped at the look on his face.  “What about you?”
“Hey, what’re you doing?” Tony just handed him the check in lieu of answer. “Fifty
The doctors and nurses scrambled.  Steve held Tony tighter.
The woman from before, the one Steve called Natasha, had snuck up from behind.  Her black peplos was hiked up over her knees and tucked into her girdle.  She had a shallow basket balanced on one hip, and a needle-like blade in the other.
“I don’t hate you.  I hate a lot of things you’ve done, but I can’t find it in myself to hate you.  Trust me, I’ve tried.  I wanted to hate you.  So much.  But I can’t.”
“Well,” Tony leaned back in his chair and sipped his whiskey, “I’m not going to stop guessing. Or trying to figure it out. Hope you know that.”
“It’s a vintage set.  Took me a couple of years to collect them all.  Near mint.  Slight boxing around the edges, but-“
“Okay, it
.  He doesn't really know why he has.
“What’s that one called? ‘
“Good.”
“Oh my God, Bruce, never let it be said you are not my favorite.   Thank you, I’m going to get my babies because of your help, you’re a magnificent creature-  As soon as you stop hearing Padma, I’m gonna give you a credit card with no limit and give you paid leave until you find her,” Tony babbled.
.  Something bigger than the two of them, bigger than the Avengers, bigger than Earth, the Solar system, the galaxy, the Local Group, the Universe.  Something that if Tony believed in a divine being would make him think that it was pre-meditated, that in every version of the world, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark would find each other.  Carbon fiber strings of fate criss-crossing the layers of the Multiverse, anchoring them to one another through time and space and conflict, and declaring that Captain America and Iron Man were predestined to either save each other or destroy one another in tandem.
“That’s not lookin’ so good.”
Tony wondered if Steve was really just the type of person who would sneak up a mountain, ignore the lovers, and gaze up at the stars.  From what he had learned of the man in the past day, he wouldn’t doubt it.
Clint and Sam got into a squabbling fight over the fact that
“Don’t worry, I like you better,” Tony said, tucking his arm into Steve’s.  He never thought he’d be the type to love walking arm-in-arm, but Steve had changed so many of his expectations already.
Tony just shook his head.  “Don’t be.  It’s your job.”
like that.  I knew you'd do this.  I don't have to tell you
She looked at him strangely.  “We’re having a bit of a feast to welcome you.  Did you not know?”
No one really feels at home there.  Tony least of all.  It’s the ultimate modern office.  So he doesn’t begrudge them leaving.  Barton seems like he belongs wallowing in dirt, anyway.
This was his life.  Go on an inane quest, return to the palace, deal with his father’s hatred, have an orgy, wake up in a pile of bodies, but still alone.
into his hands.  The leather straps were attached with hooks that were directly welded onto the backing metal.  This was no sheet of bronze hammered over a wooden disk.  The curve of the metal was exquisite; there were no imperfections or lopsided edges.  The front was smooth save for a raised star design in the center.  The red and blue paint formed a simple meander pattern around the circumference.  While the paint was worn and scratched in places, the metal remained uncorrupted.
Rogers stormed in, plunking a chunky gun down on the counter.
“You are heartsick.”
“Wonderful.”  Fury already had a loaded platter and laid himself out on an unoccupied couch.
“No. Rightfully so. Has Iron Man been able to keep an eye on him?”
ya ‘bout ta cry, Tony?  D’ya need a hug?”
“Tony, she wouldn’t kill you.   She loves you even if you drive her blood pressure up.  JARVIS, why does Pepper want to see us all?” Steve asked as he wrestled Tony out of his shirt so it didn’t stretch unevenly or break the seams.
“No home?”
Morita bit his lip.  “I always thought ‘Commando’ was a cool term.  Something with that?”
son’s horses or weave
Next chapter's gonna be a lot longer, but I need to watch the Avengers first.
But, Tony reminded himself bitterly, Steve had a legend built on caring for everyone.
“Now there’s that guy.”
Though, it did appeal to him, the idea of a person who knew, who understood. A person who would touch the metal on his chest like flesh, and delight in the subtleties of the mechanism as people used to kiss over the creases of his skin.
“Did you now.”
“And that’s where I come in.”
“Of course, darling.”
“You will have them, I can tell by the way you cock your head.  Go.  You will have them.  Don’t waste your life.”
Three ones.
And for the first time in his life, he wasn’t terrified of the prospect of commitment.
, woman –“
“Tony.”  And Steve was smiling at him again, why did he keep smiling at him?  “I’m not asking you to jump into this without any forethought.  Just, being in a group of . . . equals, might be good for you.”
Usually, Steve hated calling on the extremes of the raw power and property damage that came with teaming up with the Hulk, but there were times, he reflected as he tried to ineffectually wipe the orange acid off on his pant leg, that it could be useful.
A black man, dressed in a floor-length coat and . . .
“Tony.” Steve is flushing and pink and smiling like he hasn’t in years. “There’s no point in you trying to do anything that’ll make me stay. I’m not going anywhere.” He reverently runs a palm down the side of Tony’s face, achingly tender. “You gave me a home.”
Sleep eluded him.  He was the master of strategic napping, but curling up in bed by himself was always the start of hours of tossing and turning, subconsciously thinking that if he moved around enough, maybe he’d find what he wanted hiding in the covers.
“Ugh.  I’m just gonna have to get used to you guys talking in riddles around me, huh?”
Maybe he’d just kiss in lieu of a verbal answer.
“I’ll take that as a challenge.”
“Darcy, let us have some time; this is a very special night for us,” Thor responded.
And watching Agent Carter has been giving me Jarvis feels.  Forgive me.
“It is a pleasure, my Lord.  Tony, may I reintroduce you to Stephanos of Athens, King of Korkyra?”
“Just dance with me, Steve,” Tony murmured into his ear.
are his opportunity to stop that from happening.
“We really don’t.”
It was painful, almost as painful as the sight of Bucky falling, falling, and Steve was helpless.  Maria, so soft but with a core of steel and skin like iron, pulling away, Peter following.  They couldn’t leave, but put themselves at the back of his mind, the only thing he could feel was hurt from his daughter and anger from his son.
Loki grabbed him by the neck and threw him to the side
“My first time was with a man who had kidnapped me from my parents and had brainwashed me into thinking
Fury called him in for some meeting that afternoon, so Steve left JARVIS instructions to let Tony sleep.  He argued with himself over it, but ended up making a chicken salad sandwich for Tony, and put that and a thermos filled with hot broth on a tray, which he placed at Tony’s bedside with a note telling him where he would be and to call if he needed anything.  Steve also doodled a little comic of “Cyclops” chewing “Patriot” out.
“That’s because he’s on an IV drip.  He doesn’t need to eat.  You, Captain Super Metabolism,
Steve is staring at his fingers, tracing the lines.
is complete dork who has a stupid little inventing dance.”
Pikas bowed out of the way as Tony brought the horse through the water, while the man stood on the opposite bank, clutching his hat.
Frigga chose that moment to walk in.  “Then let me take my grandson before you hurt him with your uncovering of the mysteries of the universe,” she quipped smoothly.
“Can’t blame me for wanting to hear it,” Steve says softly, with stardust or some other sort of romantic cliché glittering in his eyes, but Tony
care for him,
Tony was torn on the idea of the man.  On one hand, he was the ideal hero – clever and obviously powerful, but humble.  Peggy said she would have married him, if not for her necessary role as a hetaera who seduced secrets from men of power visiting Athens.  Though Tony wondered if she thought she would have sullied his reputation.
“Shut it down!”
Maybe that was why he hoarded his time with Steve. Because he knew there was a limit to it. And soon enough, all he would be left with is fond memories and an empty metal heart.
can’t see yourselves, can you?”
Dragonsennyy sits down on the ledge, booted feet dangling over the chasm-like drop into ice and rocks.
She nodded gracefully.  “Nykteis of Sparta.  Don’t bother introducing yourself.  We know who you are.  And no, Clint.  Steve will tell him, when he’s ready.”
Tell me what you think!
He was military, Steve could tell by his gait.
An icy finger on his bicep made him jump.
Peter’s tone was colder than the Alps.
With a groan, Tony sat up and forcefully rubbed the gunk from his eyes.  Natasha, already washed and dressed, was holding a steaming jar of water.  “Thanks.”
Maria’s health would be a more pressing concern.  Without the serum, she would inherit many of Steve and Tony’s terrible health issues.  An underdeveloped myocardium and a poor coronary artery would leave her prone to heart attacks and other issues.  They would need to give her a pacemaker as a teenager.  She would also have an ineffectual immune system when she would be little.  But she had assured them that, with proper nutrition and the best medical care (things Steve had never gotten), she would be okay.
All he feels is an overwhelming sense of calm as his eyes return to the dragon, still feigning sleep, apparently. “You communicate telepathically?”
“Steve next!” Clint crowed from the back of the couch, and Tony gleefully scrambled for a package in the always-familiar red, white, and blue.
“No, I didn’t.”  Just another thing that filled Tony with confusing warmth.  Elsewhere he would be offended of not being welcomed with a lavish banquet in his honor.  But the obvious lengths Steve and the others seemed to be going, as sparse as they were comparatively, to bring him into their fold were touching.  Tony wasn’t sure how to respond.
“Do you want your present now, or later?”
“I threw up so bad after you guys brought me those burgers and cheesecake,” Tony mumbled around his straw.  “The hospital people put me on liquids after that.  Said I could start eating solids after I got home, but my meds are making me nauseous.  And I don’t trust myself to be able to get to the toilet before I hurl.”
Steve ran a possessive, reverent hand over the raised keliods.  “I am
Tony sing-songed right back.
“Yep!”
, but
“Well then, are you gonna need any time to sort out your affairs or anything?”
The harsh crack of Velcro rips through the air.  “Yes, I do.”
The block of ice containing Steve was already melting, so it only took some labored pushing to get him out of the office, sliding him across the carpet. The ice covering the doorway was only a thin sheet now, and all it took was a swift punch to shatter it.
“I hadn’t though about it that way.  But I wager you’re right.”  He went to work on the figs.  “You said there were some things that weren’t so bad.  Spill it.”
Natasha drew the canvas covers over the baskets.  Tony obligingly picked one up, knowing better than to argue with a woman like that, and allowed Natasha to stack the other one on top of it.  The seed pods were exceptionally heavy.  Clint picked up the last basket, and wandered after them.
“He said that?”
Rhodey hummed in agreement.  “True enough.  Though it will be better enough for all our sanities the sooner we shut this down.  Hey, QT has 79 cent drinks!  Wonder if the sale applies to slushes.”  He rolled his eyes at the silent looks of judgment.  “It’s
“Look, you’re sitting here, asking, I need a model.  You can take nap or whatever, I just want you permission before I start trying to capture your likeness.”
Natasha led the way, Tony and Bruce right behind her.  Clint seemed to have a habit of wandering, zigzagging to and fro as different things caught his interest.  Tony remarked that he seemed a bit like a dog, to which the other two responded, “No.  A lot like a bird.”
Tony wants to say so much.  But his thoughts are jumbled, rolling around and jostling each other like bits of broken glass in a kaleidoscope.  It’s hard to breathe.
“My parents were a bit more godly than most heroes,” Makris said.  “My father was the son of Apollo by Kyrene, and became a bit of a god in his own right, of beekeeping and brewing and a host of other pastoral crafts; and my mother was a daughter of Kadmos, founder of Thebes, and Harmonia, daughter of Ares by Aphrodite.  My only brother was Aktaion, who was killed by his dogs for daring to see Artemis bathing.  I have faired much better, I must say,” she said with a hint of humor.  “As you likely know, after my aunt Semele was vaporized, Zeus carried her son in his thigh.  After he was delivered, Hermes brought baby Bakkhos to me; that’s what we called him then.  He only became known as Dionysus after he was taken to Mount Nysa to be raised after Hera found us.  Hermes thankfully took the baby to Nysa, and I fled here.  Demeter took pity on me, and with my help, she trained the people in the agricultural arts.  In gratitude, she made me an
It didn’t hurt like he thought it would.  He was just . . . empty.
“And when I woke up, it was an opportunity.  I could move on, head back to art school.  Maybe on the GI bill.”  Steve paused for Tony’s strained laugh.  “But the Avengers.  I was needed to serve still.  Not only my country, but the world.  And it would have been selfish to try and leave it behind.”
Steve had never appreciated another human being more since Bucky had held his hand out to the scrawny six year-old with blood coming from his nose.
, a warm mahogany that reminds him of the worn beads of his mother’s rosary.  Someplace safe, someplace warm, someplace when he was understood.
“I’ve signed more of these condolence letters that I can remember, but that name sounds familiar.  I’m sorry.”
“So, what happened to it?”
It’s not often that Tony willingly heads into a situation of which he has next to zero intel. But this isn’t anything he can hack, isn’t anything he can just blast his way into.  It’s tracking papers and making deductions.
But Steve isn't standing in front of him, no matter how much he wills it.
He buried his nose in Tony’s hair anyway.
“Stop it.”
He spots Zemo's unconscious body being loaded into an evac shuttle, but he lets him go.  It will be easier to let him think he got away, and will give him time to gather all the intel he has on dragonkind close, then go after him.  Anyway, Steve should be there for Zemo's downfall, after all the shit the Baron has given him, and having a shell-shocked Steve arrest the the guy when he's out of it is just . . . unsatisfying.
“Aw, shit.”  He stumbled out of bed and bolted for the bathroom.
Once they reached Tony’s office suite, Steve just made a face. “Now, that’s something I don’t think I’ll enjoy.”
Steve sat at the edge of Tony’s bed, listening to his still-shaky breathing but resolutely not looking at him.  Once Tony’s breath had evened out a little, Steve spoke robotically:
Okay, granted, in the field, it’s a godsend.  He’s got a tactical mind like no other, something that was obviously there from the beginning, because there’s no way a chemical mixture could rewire a brain to see and analyze all possible movements in a fraction of a second.
“What’s her diagnosis?”
“The Ohio Division,” Steve mused.  “Got into Normandy about a week after D-Day?  Omaha Beach?”
“The hands of a workman, not a prince.
They were silent for a moment before Steve made his offer:  “I could go with you.”
And this may very well be the end of him, but for this moment, with Steve everywhere he wants him but not where he needs him, he’ll take it, he’ll fucking take it, because there’s some saying he mocked, about it being better to have loved and lost, and he’s paying for it now, because this is love and yet it isn’t, and this is what he gets for not believing in love, for ridiculing those who found it.
Steve just sat down and straightened his suit. “There’s nothing wrong with liking a Shirley Temple,” he said, almost primly, before snatching up a piece of pizza and shoving half of it in his mouth.
am a nerd.”
He just wanted some fucking water.
Peter supplied.
“No,” he said resolutely.  She didn’t need to know his insides were quivering and curling.
Still whooping and making other ridiculous noises, the trio left, banging the walls and trying to sing “Living in America” without knowing half the words.
Clint had shrugged and simply said, “Natasha.”
Steve doesn’t even use his card at first, relying on his Army back pay, until Tony tells him to donate it to charity or something, and fuckin’ use the damn card already.  Gradually, the money makes its way to a variety of veteran and underprivileged kid help organizations, and Steve redecorates his floor, in pale blues and tans and warm wood.  And he sets up his spare room as a studio, but he still leaves paint dried on the table in the kitchen, and wipes his fingers covered in multicolor chalk dust on the couch.
Steve was already halfway out of his chair. “Stay here and lock the door!” The heavy oak slammed behind him.
“Son of a gun!”
To ask him what the hell what he’d gotten himself into.  To ask him where the shield had come from.  To ask him about everything.  “I have letter I need to send home.  He left a note about your post, but I don’t know who to talk to.”
“And they’re not tripping over themselves to get with him?”
Tony buried his head in his hands.
“I gotta put her in the water.”
“Then stay in the control unit and reverse polarity long enough to disengage mag-”
And proper romantic
Good treatment, no beatings, let them save up for their freedom or free them in your will.  That kind of thing.  We don’t have any mines or brothels, which are the worst places to be.  People mainly work in the fields, or weave or make pottery.”
“Natasha-“
want to hear your excuses.
A frigid drop of water hit his face, directly between the eyebrows.
Maria released him, eyes still fiery.  “Think on that, my love.  Think on what that means.  Now you must go.  Kiss me before you leave.”
Steve slowed further, to a jog that allowed Tony to fall in step beside him.  “Not to difficult, eh?”
He closed his eyes, and called up the memory, eleven years before, of the silken, silvery metal dome under his fingers.  The way it had seemed to reflect the reverberations of the blacksmith’s hammer up his own fingers and arms, rattling his skull.  He’d had so many questions for the smith,
Your comments are like lifeblood!  I squeal every time I see something in my inbox.
Tony and Bruce were about twenty feet away, pouring over a lab table filled with beakers and pipettes and Petri dishes, and a ton of things he couldn’t name.  The computer screens overhead were displaying microscopic images of human eggs.
“If we bypass their mainframe and direct a reroute to the Homer cluster, we can clock this around six hundred teraflops.”  Tony enjoyed getting back into the sweet flow of science, made sweeter by the annoyed look Captain Ass-merica was giving him.
There would be wars fought over salt in the future, Tony was sure.  But hopefully, he would be dead and some other king could deal with it.
And he does.  It’s like something deep within him has been sleeping, and tells him to accept this.  For some reason, he does.  Maybe his mind has finally given up and quit.
“I have to go.”
With no shortage of trepidation, Tony approached the assembled men.  Before he could wonder where to sit, Steve gestured that he should sit on the wooden bench next to him.  After Tony had taken his place, Steve turned back to the men.  “Enarephoros, could you bring Tony up to date about our fountain situation?”
“I suggest you apologize.”
“How do you feel?”  Peggy.
Nephalion raised his hands in surrender and shrugged.  “Just asking.  I say, if he’s here and he knows what he’s doing, better he call the shots than us, eh?”  He winked at Tony.
