A few years had gone by. Dean had completed his masters and was now working in a research lab at a hospital. Cas taught at the local school as an English teacher while publishing short stories. Overall, they both loved their jobs and things were going great.
"Dean, she's not that bad." Asher said. "Despite your differences, you might find that you guys have a lot in common."
"Nonsense, I smile all the time," John scrunched up his nose and bared his teeth. "See I'm smiling now." That wasn't a real smile; actually, Dean wasn't even sure what that was. Dean had seen his father happy when Mary was alive and knew what a real smile on his dad's face looked like. He decided to try a different approach.
Dean was quite excited himself but tried not to show it. He sat down at a table near the windows and unwrapped his sandwich. As he was unwrapping his sandwich, he heard giggling. He looked up and noticed the swarm of girls who were passing him. Lisa, one of the girls and Dean's classmate smiled shyly at him. He winked at her and she blushed. Then they took off.
"I-uh probably shouldn't tell you." Castiel looked down the hallway to make sure no one was listening.
Once Dean had finished eating, Naomi called his parents and they came to pick him up. His parents sighed in relief when they arrived. They said good-bye to Naomi and her children and then went back home.
Once he was up the stairs, he walked down the hallway to his parents' bedroom. Upon reaching the room, he heard noises and opened the door.
“So you guys going to the Thanksgiving dance?” Alfie asked as he finished up his Chemistry homework. Well more like copied off Ash’s worksheet while Ash wasn’t looking.
And right about when he was contemplating on whether or not, he could run outside for a few minutes, his name was called.
"What about my mom's face?" Castiel said defensively. After many years of knowing Castiel, Dean knew that he should've just stopped right there. But he couldn't and he wouldn't; he wanted answers.
Then he told her stories of angels and how they would come down and guard those who were sick or unhappy or even those who needed someone to just be there. He told her how he still believed in them, even after everything he'd been through. He wouldn't stop believing in them,
Dean, Cas and their friends were going to meet up later to celebrate their graduation. But before they could do that, Dean wanted to change and since Cas was staying over at his and Sam’s apartment that night, he went with Dean so that he could leave his belongings there and also change.
Dean turned to the source of the voice, surprised to see that it was Ellen. She had walked outside while his dad was parking their car. Dean prepared himself for the lecture that he knew he was going to be given, but astonishingly her face did not hold any signs of anger.
John thought that Castiel was probably hiding up in the room he shared with Sam and decided that it was best to send Dean to talk with him. Of course, John did not know that Dean and Castiel were still in a dispute over what had happened a few weeks ago and Dean didn’t really want to tell him. He knew he would get a smack up his head for being so idiotic.  His father might have been caring and had gotten really better ever since the “never-to-talk-about” incident but he still did not tolerate childish and silly behavior.
John turned his head and looked at his eldest son. Dean was standing there, staring at the wall behind him. He had a vacant look in his eyes.
“Oh,” Dean said. Then smiled gently. It was the first genuine smile Cas had seen since Dean had come to his place. Dean took Cas’s hand into his. Then he pulled Cas in and gave him a short kiss.
“I hope you’re right, kiddo.” John said as he finished his re-heated cup of coffee and went to get ready for the long day ahead.
Castiel had the habit of wearing a lot of layers and for a lot of people, it made them look like an oversized snowman but Castiel somehow managed to make it work. Dean especially loved when Castiel would keep his scarf on and Dean got to see Castiel in his scarf quite often whenever he came over to do schoolwork. Sometimes Dean would allow himself to sneak glances at Castiel’s neck wrapped in whatever tacky patterned scarf he chose to put on that day and Dean’s mind would race. Dean wondered how it would feel to slowly and gently take the scarf off and to run his fingers down Castiel’s neck and to feel a pulse under his fingers and then maybe he could feel it with his lips too- Dean’s thoughts usually stopped right there because if they didn’t- well there would be more than just a party in his pants and that would be quite difficult to explain to Castiel.
If you're still here with me at the end, even five years later, thank you. I can't believe this story is finally finished. This was one of the first fanfics I wrote and the first destiel fic I wrote. I want to thank all of the readers who kept up with the story. Thank you for the comments, the bookmarks, and the kudoses. Thank you for reading it. Also, thank you to my two betas, who edited this fic, I greatly appreciated it. Anyway, thank you to all. And as always, please review.
"Did you like it there?" Dean asked although he already knew the answer. Who wouldn't like Uncle Bobby?
five and if Castiel was lucky (and quick), he could escape unscathed. But luck wasn't always on his side.
"I-uh-" Before he could answer he, she interrupted him. "Because it isn't, Cas. I was upset, heck still am but that doesn't mean I would do it. Really." She looked up at him again for an answer and once again he felt like the older sibling.
Dean sighed. “Alright, maybe that too but c’mon you have to know that Ash is just trying to look out for you.” He gave her a warm smile and Jo’s eyes softened.
Several weeks later, after they had finished their experiment and were waiting for further instructions, Cas told Dean that he changed his major and that he was now double majoring in Elementary Education and English. Since the academic year was almost over, he wouldn’t start taking his major classes until the next year so he would still be in the same lab class as Dean.
Dean laughed. Dean had known Victor for almost two years now. Victor was the team’s captain and at times, he could appear off-putting, tough, and snarky but most of his teammates knew that he just wanted them to succeed; it was nothing personal. Plus, he really did throw the best parties in town.
Metatron laughed again but Dean saw fear in his eyes. Whatever he must have seen in Cas’s eyes must have been enough to get him to talk. “Fine, I’ll tell you where it is if you promise to let me go and not tell the Elders where I am.”
Jo nodded. “Yeah, the only reason I’m friends with her is because Ash likes her.” Jo cut into another pancake and said, “Dunno why he likes her though” right before taking another bite.
The next morning found both Milton children sitting at the kitchen table at eight in the morning. Though Anna and Castiel’s personalities were as different as the moon and sun, anybody could see that they were related. For one thing, they wore the same identical annoyed expressions when woken up early in the morning. For another, they ate their cereal the same way.
All he could think about was the fact that he was going to die. Oh god, he was going to die. This was it for him. He only got to have eighteen years, and they weren’t such great years at that. Fuck, he was going to die. And there was nothing he could do about it.
Dean got up from the bed and stretched his hands. “So how about you put on that suit and go downstairs? Everyone’s waiting for you.”
Castiel was born several days after Dean. His big blue eyes were always brighter than the sky. They gave Naomi the warmest feeling in her heart.
"He's already killing me." She shifted her gaze away from Castiel and said, "And he's seen far worse shit than this."
“I know Cas, I know,” Dean said softly and pulled his friend into a hug. They stayed like that for a few seconds.
It all hit a bit too close to home. Dean rubbed his face, "Yeah, I guess she would be.” Then he added, “Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Well the results aren’t looking so good so we would like him to come in again this week. I’m sorry.” She whispered the last part quietly, as if afraid that the news might set off Dean, if only Dean knew what she was talking about.
"Jesus... it is way too late for this conversation. How about you sleep over and tell me the whole story tomorrow? That sound good to you?" John shifted his gaze from Anna to Castiel.
"Who's Bobby?" Castiel asked curiously as he sat on the stool and swung his legs under the kitchen counter.
The girl with the loose black curls looked up from her laptop and smirked, “Do yourself a favor, Winchester and don’t pity me.” And then she went back to typing her essay.
“Well after they called you in the morning, they called me on the cell.” Castiel got up to go to the kitchen.
“It’s not that easy,” Cas said. “We have to track Metatron and the key down, and then get him to open it. Also try not to get killed by him or other pissed off witches."
“What am I supposed to do, Annie?” He said as he drank tea from the mug. He moved the cookies away from him. He didn’t have much of an appetite lately.
Later, Dean told Castiel what had occurred and Castiel shook his head and said, "You didn't have to do that." But the small smile on his face proved otherwise.
"I don't care, I don't care, I don't care!" Dean yelled and walked around in circles. Mary sighed and decided to call Naomi.
Once Anna calmed down, she sat down on the floor, leaning against the wall and Castiel sat down next to her, crisscrossing his legs.
“No it’s –" Dean famous phrase of the day was interrupted as Jo stepped in and said, “Sorry to interrupt your magnificent convo but I have to go. See you at practice, Charlie.”
“I wasn’t- I’m not- I wasn’t pitying you, Meg. I just get it- the attitude, the bitchiness, covering everything up, I get it.” Dean scratched the back of his head.
“I do know the difference, Dean,” John said with an edge to his voice. “Listen Dean, I didn’t want to offend you by what I said, it’s just going to take some time to get used to you and Cas together.”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
Once Dean was sure his dad was out of earshot, he got out his small duffle bag and packed some essentials into it.
Cas laughed in response and said, "Race you to your room." He started to run toward the stairs but Dean caught his arm and said, "Shhh! Sammy's asleep upstairs."
They stood in silence for a few seconds, just gazing at each other when Dean broke out into a grin. “So, you imagined me telling you I love you, huh? Was I riding a horse or was I in a cape or was it both?”
“Dean, it’s like one in the morning. What is so urgent that we can’t talk about it in the morning?” Castiel huffed.
After a few seconds, Dean calmed down and said, “Is that what you were worried about?” Dean snorted. “I gotta tell you man, I love you too, now can we please go to sleep?”
Once they finished packing, Dean opened the door, waiting for Cas. When he looked up, Cas was standing in the kitchen nodding at the mini fridge before opening it and getting some blood bags out. The blood.
“You going to the dance, Cas?” Alfie asked, ignoring his friends. He was the most serious of his friends and sometimes Dean thought that Alfie was really 80 years old deep down.
“Yes, I do. You would’ve remembered them had you not been drinking the day they came over.” Cas said.
“Practical or something your parents would’ve wanted?” Dean bit it out. He knew he was crossing a line but he wanted to get his point across.
“May I remind we don’t have all night because you decided to wake up and then go bother me?” Dean brushed off Castiel’s sarcastic remark and waited for the rest of Castiel’s statement.
“So, he stole my essence, made a spell that turned me and my family into vampires, locked up our sanctuary up and hid the key.”
"What?" John asked in an irritated voice as he placed the bottle of liquor from which he had been drinking on the coffee table.
Jo shrugged and looked up from the problem she was doing her in her notebook. “I don’t know- it might be fun.”
"Oh." Castiel said. Though he knew it was mean, he couldn't help feeling a little bit glad that he wasn't the only one with horrible parents. It felt good to know that he wasn't alone for a few seconds before Castiel felt ashamed at feeling happy about someone's else miseries.
“Your mother would not be proud to know that her sons turned out to be sexists and I certainly did not raise you that way.” John interjected.
"Shut up, Anna," They both said simultaneously. Anna smirked and said, "Aww, you're adorable." She reached over the couch and tried to pinch Castiel's cheeks but he got away just in time. He scowled and narrowed his eyes but she just laughed and turned her attention back to the T.V.
So, he asked Ruby to follow him into the kitchen. When they walked into the kitchen, Dean walked up to the sink and motioned to Ruby to come stand next to him. She came up to him and muttered, “
“I-” But Dean was thankfully interrupted yet again. This time it was by the announcement of their waitress with their food.
movie that Castiel technically wasn't allowed to watch but Dean had convinced him to watch anyway, John returned with a tired-looking Sam on his arm.
“Watch where you’re going, fag.” Zach, the captain of the football team snarled as he shoved Cas back into the lockers. His friend, Michael, laughed and then grabbed the books Cas was holding and threw them on the floor.
“I don’t know if you’re aware but we both have things. The activity we just participated in proved that.” Dean smirked.
Dean did speak more gently to him than to the other students and whenever they did group projects with Jason and Ash, Dean always sided with him.
Dean sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “C’mon, Sam, be reasonable, we can’t live here-” At Sam’s protests, Dean added, “We can’t afford it. Anyway, I talked to Bobby and he and Ellen said they’d help me sell the house. And after that’s done, we’re going to move in with Bobby.”
He knew his sister was just trying to help him but he couldn’t even smile back. What did he do to deserve to have the same stuff happen to him again and again? He was only a freaking kid. He wasn’t supposed to face problems like this, he knew that most kids his age certainly did not face these issues. It wasn’t fair and he knew he shouldn’t have thought it but sometimes he
Cas grasped Dean’s face into his hands, leaned forward and then placed a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. The kiss was nothing like the urgent rough kisses they had shared at the party the night before, this one was sweet and gentle.
Cas’s eyes were wide with fear. He had never been to the principal’s office before. He had never even met the principal himself prior to today.
While Dean was still in the front yard, he saw that the Winchesters had arrived home at the same time as he and his dad had.
Castiel tasted exactly like he had imagined- sweet with a hint of something bitter and fuck, he clearly knew what he was doing as Dean tried to hold back a moan and pulled Castiel as close as he could.
As usual, the weekend passed by too quickly. Thankfully, Dean hadn’t experienced any more craziness that he had encountered the previous week.
The next few days went by normally. Well as normal as they could have gone by now that Dean knew he was living with a vampire. Dean slept in the bedroom while Cas had relocated to the couch and Dean didn’t ask where Cas went or what he was doing but he was sure it was vampirey things.
Dean was putting his dish in the sink when he heard someone walk up behind him in the kitchen. He turned to find Ellen had changed into her work clothes, her hair still damp from the shower.
Dean turned around and noticed the hopeful look in Sam’s eyes. No matter how much he felt the need to protect and help this boy, he knew deep down that this Sam wasn’t really his brother.
Jo glared at him but did not kick him again (thank god, Dean didn’t think that he would be able to withstand another kick to his leg.) She opened her mouth to say something but whatever she was going to say was interrupted by the click-clacking of heels getting close to their table. As the sound got closer, Dean’s eyes trailed upward from the high-heeled boots to the pale creamy legs barely covered by the black skirt to the blouse tucked into it and eventually to the face those legs belonged to and as his eyes went through a journey, so did the expression on his face, which went from a smile to a frown within seconds of realizing whom he had been checking out.
“The last week. That’s when I’ll have to be in bed most of the time. I probably won’t be able to function at all.” Dean suddenly lost his appetite. He pushed his plate away. He didn’t feel like eating anymore. Actually, he thought he would never want to eat again.
"Dean, I'm not a genius. And I'm going to have a little brother!" Castiel could barely contain his excitement. It reminded Dean of the day Sam was born. He realized then that he hadn't seen Castiel this excited in a very long time.
"Isn't it?" She shouted into his face, repeating her previous question. Castiel knew she wasn't really mad at him because the next second, she burst out crying.
“It’ll be okay, we’ll visit each other," Castiel said. “I’ll make sure that they let me visit and I’ll get Anna to help me and- and before you know it, I’ll be back and we’ll be able to chase cars again.”
"Huh?" Dean was surprised; he thought for sure that he was going to be grounded for the rest of his life.
After writing down the number, the nurse smiled sympathetically and said to let her know if he would need anything before she left. Castiel nodded politely and looked around the room. Most people were asleep or seemed to be heading in that direction. Castiel didn't think he was going to be able to fall asleep.
Dean realized he had no choice but to follow. Walking in the house, he followed Chuck into the kitchen where the former prophet had his back to him as he was pouring some hot water from the teakettle and saying, “Would you like a cup of tea?”
“What the fuck do you mean nothing?” Jo started to pull out of the driveway. “I was waiting a heck of a long time for it to be ‘nothing.’”
Ruby rolled her eyes. “Jesus, you really are overprotective. We're here to study. The kid asked me to tutor him.”
As it happened to be the first day and Dean didn’t have a lot of homework yet, he spent the time hanging out with Jo in the library. Well, his AP teachers had already warned him that there was going to be a lot of work this year and that they better start studying now. But hey he was a senior; he could relax a bit before the teachers really started on piling on with the homework. So he spent the time hanging out with Jo in the library and doing pretty much nothing. During that time, he had found out that Jo also thought what Ruby had said was pretty weird and that she was a bit wary of her.Dean agreed with her but at the same time told her that they were probably too paranoid for no reason. Ruby was probably just making small talk.
Then why did he answer, “I don’t know” and bolted out of the kitchen as fast as he could and locked the door behind him?
“I have been having headaches for quite awhile and not feeling well so I went to the doctor and they scheduled me for an MRI.” Castiel said, calmly as if he was talking about the weather and not a life or death situation.
Dean knocked on the passenger window and was given a feeling of satisfaction that Cas had been startled by the noise. Well just a little. Dean slid in the seat and buckled his seatbelt. There was nothing but silence in the car until Cas cleared his throat. Dean turned to look at him.
They met on a cold winter night in a house that was a bit old and a bit rusty, though the conditions didn't stop the owners from having a party. The holiday spirit was evident from the bright decorations to the genuine smiles to the tacky clothing attire adorned by many of the guests.
"Ever since your mother died," Castiel flinched slightly, "- you've been ignoring me. Actually, you've been ignoring
Ash came into the classroom and threw his bag next to his desk and said, “Dr. Badass has arrived to save the day.”
Jo’s eyes softened, she seemed to understand that now was not the time for questions. “Okay, let me go get my purse and we can get out of here.”
They were there for the entire day. During the evening, the doctor came to tell the Miltons the news. The look on the doctor's face told Castiel everything he needed to know.
Things weren’t only going great for them though. A few days ago, during their weekly chat, Sam had called to tell Dean that he had gotten accepted into Stanford Law.
"Well, look at him, first week back and already getting some action." Victor said laughing, "Maybe you should go ask him for advice, Theo." Theo said something back at Victor but Dean couldn't really hear at that moment, not that he really wanted to.
“Yeah, you did, it’s just-” Dean coughed and scratched the back of his neck. “I’m just going to miss you, Cas.”
Dean ignored the second question and said, “What’s the necklace for?” He figured it had to have some significance for Sam to wear it. He doubted the kid was one of those guys who would just wear jewelry for the heck of it.
“Well I’m going to my room to do the shit ton amount of homework that I have. I tell you, my teachers have definitely conspired together. You kids want anything?”
Inias went to fill out some paperwork while Anna jumped into the chair next to Castiel's. She pinched his cheek before he had a chance to get away and said, "So how you doing, kid? Finding mom must've been traumatizing for you."
Dean knew the only way to get Castiel to be his friend was to get him to talk him and to apologize. And it shouldn’t have been hard seeing as the Milton children were living under the same roof as the Winchesters.
“I was going to make mac and cheese but I guess we can just order pizza- ” She looked around trying to find the menu when Castiel stopped her.
Chuck rolled his eyes and muttered under his breath, “You Winchesters are really persistent, you know that.” He scratched the back of his neck, and said, “Fine, he’s back home.”
Normally, he’d have everything ready the day before, but his math teacher had given them way too much homework the night before and he had barely had time to finish it, let alone everything his other teachers had given him. Between that and Jo telling him about the party, he was pretty sure they were going to be late if he didn’t hurry.
The day had come. All of their stuff was packed and they were ready to go. John was driving them to the halfway meeting point he and the foster parents had agreed on.
Dean tried to stifle a laugh but it came out anyway. “You see, Sammy, even the pregnant woman tells you to stop worrying.”
Sam rolled his eyes again and Dean wondered how his brother’s eye still hadn’t stuck that way. Dean used to tease him by telling him that his eyes were going to roll out, what with his constant habit.
Jo snickered. She raised her mug and said, “To us, co-bi friends and to spending many future nights at diners eating pancakes at twelve in the morning, though hopefully not only when things don’t get right.”
Once they had parked, Jo grabbed her bag from the backseat and got out of the car. Her coffee tumbler was placed temporarily on the hood of the car as he slung her bag over her right shoulder and slammed the door. She locked the car and grabbed her coffee, turning to find herself alone. She saw Dean across the schoolyard, already deep in conversation with Ash and Charlie.
“Yeah, he did and you know what I want to know?” Cas crossed his arms. “When the fuck were you planning on telling me?”
Sam sighed, got up from the couch where he had been sitting and followed Dean to the door. Before Dean left his home, Sam patted Dean's shoulder and said, “I’m sorry.”
Dean and his friends were all huddled around a table in the cafeteria. Castiel was also there. Meg had some kind of study group to attend or something. Dean didn’t really care. He just liked spending time with Castiel. Over the past month, they had been working on their English project and they had started getting closer again.
“Why didn’t I want to have sex with you yesterday night? I don’t know Dean, maybe it’s because I haven’t really done anything besides making out and maybe it’s because I also wanted it to be special. Plus you know there’s the whole thing with just recently getting out of a relationship, which by the way, I think we should talk about soon.”Dean wished he could ignore the last part but he knew Cas was right. For now though, he could enjoy what was right in front of him without thinking of everything and everyone else.
“Sure.” Jo put her plate down on the nearest table. Dean then got up and followed her onto the dance floor.
Castiel nodded and Dean got up from his stool to retrieve two iced tea bottles from the fridge. As he poured them into glasses, he tried not to think about what had just happened.
Dean had known Castiel from a young age too and he couldn't imagine what it would be like to lose him. He hoped that day would never come.
“How was your day, Dean?” Castiel said on the other side of the phone, sounding nervous. But what did Dean know. Apparently, Dean didn’t know a lot about Castiel these days.
Dean thanked whatever gods there were that they lived in a neighborhood where everything was fairly close.
John, who had just walked into the room said, “Although I agree with Sam about that habit of yours being way too annoying, that was very sexist of both of you to imply that girls are weaker or that they're the only ones to care about appearances and that a girl’s name represents weakness.”
“Now go out and have fun. Me and Cas will be home on the weekend so go out and have fun while you can.”
John looked up when he heard noises and upon seeing Dean, his eyes softened and he said, "Come meet your brother, Dean."
"I'm always quiet," Castiel said when they rounded the corner. A few more steps and they would soon be at Dean's house.
His father was nowhere to be seen on most days, up and about on business trips. As if nothing had happened. Castiel rarely saw him and on the days he did, he wished he hadn't. Inias usually had a drink or two or
At Sam’s questioning face, Dean retold the story of his adventures in the ever so glamorous alternate universe.
Driving back, Dean’s mind raced back to last night’s party and his encounter with Cas. As he turned the corner onto his street, he decided he was going to call Cas later and he hoped that they would sort everything out.
“Hi, nice to meet you and all but I swear I’ll kick your ass if you don’t let Sam get off the phone so we can go celebrate.”
“See you at that party?” Asher asked after the bell rang and they were packing their bags.That's what he liked about Asher. He din't hold a grudge for too long.
“Right- stupid question- why would anyone ask you that.” Dean snorted, trying not to give anything away.
After talking it out with Sam, they both agreed that the right decision was to move out of Bobby’s and into the apartment Rufus had offered them.
away from her. The girl had a knack for using all the school gossip in her stories. It was pretty annoying and a bit creepy. Okay,
Dean ran his fingers through his hair, “Jesus Christ, Meg and Balt were right, you are a drama queen.”
Dean bumped into him and didn’t even bother to look up. He didn’t even say anything. Castiel sighed.
“Me too,” Dean mumbled. Then looked up and sheepishly said, “I mean the love thing, I uh love you too.”
At least they weren’t in high school. Since Anna and Castiel were staying at the Winchester house for the time being, Dean had heard interesting stories from Anna about what kids were saying in her school. One girl had said that Anna and Castiel deserved the abuse because quote unquote, “they were
“I know. It’s just-” Jo sighed, “Sometimes, I wish he could stop feeling the need to always protect me. I mean-technically, he’s not even my brother.”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
Dean waited until Castiel fell asleep. When he confirmed that Castiel was asleep, he climbed out of his bed and walked on tiptoes to his dad's bedroom.
Dinner had been awful. Neither of them spoke to each other. It had to be the worst meal Castiel had experienced. And that was saying a lot since he had eaten those tacos that one time that Dean had claimed were so good and well it turned out they weren’t that good after all.
Dean couldn’t wait to get out of the car. While they drove to the dance, Ellen made sure to tell him how she still kept her deceased husband’s gun.She also didn’t mid mentioning how many different ways she knew how to kill a man.
When the bell rang, Castiel rushed off to Dean's homeroom. He met Dean in the hallway and together they walked out of the front door.
“I have one too.” Dean smirked. “Yet neither of us knows each other’s names.” Dean opened his bottle. “
Sam softened his expression and sighed. “I still don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go on road trip. I mean, he’s got freaking stage four cancer.”
Dean opened his locker and several things flew out. Dean's locker was always packed with so many things; half of them Dean wasn't even sure what they were. Castiel made a disgusted face. He was pretty sure that his friend had a hoarding problem but he wasn't going to bring it up. Throughout the time that Castiel had known him, he noticed that Dean tended to get angry when he was criticized. So of course he wasn't going to mention the problem to Dean at all. No
Dean turned over and stared coldly in his father’s eyes. “Funny how I remember you saying you were going to accept me no matter what back when I was little.” Dean heaved a sigh. “I guess mom died and you changed your mind.” Then he turned back to staring at the wall.
“Hey, what happened to that so called 'small party’ as Ash called it?" Dean said, smirking. “Told my old man that I was going to a small gathering. He’d flip if he saw this.”
The first few songs were fine and Dean could admit that he was finally having fun. But then he had to look up. Of course, he just he had to look up and see Cas and Meg and whatever they were doing. He didn’t think it could even pass it off as dancing. He wondered where the chaperones were but then as he took note of the adults with their cups of ‘punch’, he realized that they probably didn’t even care themselves.
He breezed through school, hardly paying attention in class. He didn't care anymore. And it didn't come as a shock to him when he received a warning about summer school. He really couldn't care less.
Castiel rolled his eyes as he got his math textbook out of his locker. Dean had a knack for being dramatic. He leaned against his locker door and said, "You'll never guess what I found out this break."
"Hey, it's cool. I get it, I have a pretty weird name too." Just then a minivan pulled up and middle-aged woman with different-colored curlers in her hair and a rainbow T-shirt on stuck her head out the window, "Asher, get in. It's time to go home."
“You sure?” John asked, not yet ready to broach what he had just walked into. And also, quite unsure how to.
“Don’t worry, Dean, you’re my boyfriend too.” Cas grinned, “I mean don’t you remember that pact we made all that time ago?”
“My older brother goes to the school.” Gabe interjected. He rubbed his hands together. “He’s told me
Sam didn’t say anything but kept his tight hold on the popcorn bowl, not moving at all; he just stared up at the ceiling and frowned.
It turned out that the mysterious person whom John had talked about did not have magical powers. In fact, Dean wished someone would give the woman magical powers so that they would help her appear a little less weird.
“Always the protector, aren’t you? Too bad you couldn’t save your mother. She was going to have a real son, a real man.”
Castiel continued excelling in his homework, hoping to one day get into the honors program and Dean waited with bated breath to find out if he had made the team. Things seemed to be fine until everything changed for the worse.
He opened the book and began coloring it. He was just about done with the first page when he heard the familiar voice and his blood ran cold. "What the hell are you doing with a coloring book, Castiel? You're not a child anymore!"
"I-uh-." Castiel stuttered as he tried to open his own sandwich but got stuck with the zipper on his lunchbox.
After they landed and Dean took a moment to kiss the ground and Cas had to literally pull him off the floor of the Dublin airport and demand that Dean go wash up in the bathroom (because ew, Cas can just imagine the number of germs), they got to the place where Metatron hid the key.
“We won, Dean, we won,” Castiel said as if he could still not believe it. And truthfully, he really couldn’t. He was still waiting to wake up and to find out that it had all been a dream.
At school the next day, as they were walking to class, Ash punched Cas lightly in the arm and teasingly remarked, “So how does it feel to not be dating jailbait anymore, Cas?”
It looked like Dean got what Castiel was thinking because he then said, "That lady ain't his mother. She's his aunt, Ellen."
Dean was about to sip the beer when his dad stopped him and said, “Dean, Sam, I didn’t suddenly decide to give you boys beer just so that you can drink it, plus I know some of us aren’t so keen on drinking it.” John added and smiled at Sam, who shrugged sheepishly. Then John raised his cup and said, “To Karen, the woman who wasn’t only my best friend’s wife but was also like a sister to me. May she rest in peace.”
"It's alright, Cas. You don't have to tell me now. You can tell me when you're ready." Dean moved closer to his friend and took him into his arms.
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
The music didn’t matter anyway. They were slow dancing and what mattered was that they had each other. Castiel sighed contentedly as Dean continued to sing to him. They danced for another hour or so, not noticing anything but each other.
“Mfffm.” Dean rolled over and pulled the pillow over his head. Castiel pulled the pillow out of his grasp. “Dean.”
Some guy’s facial expression turned to disgust (apparently their fear of the gay got even worse when they were drunk). Others were all touchy-feely and started to get personal. Either way, Dean always had a good time messing with them.
Dean chuckled to himself as he took a bite of his sandwich. He knew that he was handsome, plenty of girls and women had told him so. That didn't mean that he wanted a girlfriend, even though most of his classmates were after that and anyway, he was
For a few seconds, it seemed that Cas was going to say something else but then he changed his mind and then just nodded before he went and got his Chemistry notes and textbook.
Castiel's blood ran cold. He couldn't be in the same room as that man for another second. He was tired of his father always saying stuff like that. So what if he liked reading and cooking and sometimes enjoyed singing? He didn't think that it made him any less of a boy. But whenever his father started to say stuff like that, he started doubting his beliefs. He turned on his heel and ran away up the stairs. He went into his room and slammed the door. Within a few seconds, a knock came, interrupting his thoughts.
"Well because, we had this sleepover planned and I didn't want to cancel it," Dean said it as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“Well- anyway, before we went to sleep, he noticed that there were no more frosted flakes left and no milk and he said he’d go out and get some at the local store,”
Then he opened his window and was about to climb out but before he did, he wrote a note and left it on his desk. It said, "I'm going to spend some days at Cas's."
Asher decided to interrupt the moment. “Do you guys even hear me? It’s our senior year, it has to be-”
Cas shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not but no matter how much I want to stay, he wants me to leave and I love him so I’ll do anything I can to make him happy and right now if he wants me to leave, I’ll respect that.”
Dean refused to meet her eyes and looked at the wall instead. Noticing his friend's mood, Castiel said, "Can Dean stay for supper, please?"
As Cas rarely cursed, his profanity shocked Dean out of his stupor. Looking at Cas, Dean decided to cut the games and that he should go with honesty.
"So you're Cas?" Ash seemed to be sizing Castiel up. Castiel felt a bit uncomfortable at having someone stare so long at him.
“I think you mean senorita.” Ruby gave a cruel smile. One of these days, Dean was going to kill her.
Cas nodded. “Okay.” And that’s why Dean liked Castiel even though he was currently mad at him. Castiel knew when to not press further even when Dean knew he wanted to.
Jo twirled her pen around. “I don’t know- I mean it’s Meg-she invites everyone and it’s not like they ended up on bad terms or that’s what I heard anyway.” She looked back down to her notes and frowned.
“Oh.” Dean said and tried not to let the hurt be evident in his voice. But what right did he get to feel hurt anyway? It’s not like Cas owned him anything.
A few months in, one Saturday when Sam had gone out to meet with friends and Dean had stayed home, Dean was in the kitchen eating when Bobby came home from running errands. He walked into the kitchen and went to get a beer from the fridge. Then, he told Dean that he had some news.
He called for his mom again but she did not respond. He was surprised that she didn't. She usually made lunch for him at this time before her afternoon nap. It was pretty weird but he just shrugged it off.
However, when John came home, their excitement disappeared and both boys immediately sprang to their feet, sensing that something was wrong. The last time Dean had seen that look on his dad’s face was after his mom died.
But he shook his head. There is no way anyone ever said that. Dean hadn’t even gotten one drink yet so it was clear to him that it wasn’t the alcohol responsible for making him hear that voice. He decided to blame hearing that voice on the stress of final exams and his upcoming graduation.
Yet again fate seemed to be on his side because it was Cas, and not his parents who opened the door. However, Cas didn’t open the door completely and only stepped out of the house a bit.
Dean stepped closer to Cas. He cradled Cas’s face and lifted his chin up. “Hey, look at me, sweetheart. You’re fine, everything’s going to be okay.”
"Sam, we agreed for five minutes. It's time to go to sleep," John said sternly as he walked back in from the kitchen.
"It appears that Mrs. Milton had a miscarriage prior to her suicidal attempt." Upon seeing Inias's shocked expression, Dr. Smith added, "I'll give you some time. If something happens, we'll tell you."
"Do you want to come by on Sunday? We're celebrating Sam's birthday." Right, Sam's birthday. How could he have forgotten about it?
Dean knew that Sam enjoyed Disney princess movies and he sure was going to use that as blackmail when they were going to be older.
He didn't move until one nurse came up to him and lead him to the waiting room. She asked him for an emergency contact number and before he knew it, he was giving her father's number. He knew that his father did not like being torn away from his work but he couldn't think of anyone else to call. Furthermore, although John Winchester had seemed like a good choice to call, he thought it might be suspicious if he gave the number of a stranger (albeit his neighbor), as oppose to the number of his father.
So anyway, after they got the blood, they left. Well, before they (mostly Dean) checked that the apartment was locked once or twice.
Dean laughed. “If you’re this excited about a girl saying yes to being your girlfriend, I wonder how excited you’ll be when a girl says yes to being your wife. Oh who am I kidding, as if someone’s going to marry such a geeky nerd.”
And right at that second it hit Dean. This wasn’t real. Whatever universe he was in, it certainly was not his. As he came to terms with the fact that all of this was fake, he swallowed past the lump in his throat as an awful thought occurred to him. Even in an alternate universe, Sammy managed to get the crap end of a stick. There was no time to feel bad for this made up version of Sam. He needed to get back to the real world where Sam and Cas were waiting for him.
“Well I wasn’t always one.” And see if this was a TV show, there would have been a dramatic pause and a flashback. But this isn’t a TV show so Dean and Cas just sit there and stare at each other in awkward silence for a several seconds. Until Dean breaks the silence and says, “So how did you become a premium member of the undead?”
“Hey, now watch your mouth there, Samantha!” Dean grinned and although Sam usually got annoyed with Dean when he called him Samantha, Sam laughed.
“Oh nothing, your father just called. He said he wouldn’t be home in a few days.” She sighed. “Something about the weather.”
"No, there'll be enough adults there," Castiel laughed. " – And anyway, I did promise you that I would help you with your schoolwork." Castiel's laugh turned into a frown.
“No, you don’t guess, I’m telling you,” Dean said with a big smile on his face. “And I’m proud of you too.”
“Yes, I’m sure, please Sammy, if we find out that there’s something really wrong with me, don’t tell Cas. He needs to live his life and I can’t be the reason that keeps him from doing the things he wants to do.”
Anyway, when he opened his eyes and saw that Cas was still standing there (though now his fangs had been retracted and the bag was nowhere to seen) and this was
Cas laughed, “You’re forgiven.” Then he turned back to watched the sitcom. However after a mere ten seconds, he turned around and said, “Wait, did you call yourself my boyfriend?”
The phone was buzzing but Dean did not want to pick it up. He knew who was calling before even looking at the caller ID. Dean picked up the phone anyway.
Castiel didn’t say anything, didn’t even think it over. He just said, “Alright” and that was one of the reasons Dean loved having Castiel as a friend. He didn’t question every little detail like so many people did.
“Dunno, think I saw it somewhere.” The boy continued to doodle, but then stopped and added, “Can you please not breathe down my neck?”
that Cas was counting), he was the whole package. But Cas had been seated next to him since the beginning of time. Well actually, that’s a bit of an exaggeration, he wasn’t sitting next to Dean when the Big Bang occurred, but that’s how it had always felt like to him as he had been sitting next to Winchester since Kindergarten because both of their last names began with Ws and teachers just
“Essence is what makes a witch a witch, the power we hold within us,” Cas said and then paused, waiting for Dean to ask questions.
Everything was going great until Dean muttered, “Man, I fucking love science,” as he read scientific facts that they were going to use in their project.
“They passed away a few months ago. Car accident.” The frown on Castiel’s face was unsettling. Dean wanted to make Castiel laugh again.
Dean glanced away. He didn’t want to think about what happened that night. It was bad enough he had killed that kid; he had hurt Cas, the only person who he had considered to be close to him after Sam. Every day, the guilt ate at him. Sure Cas had healed himself and the physical reminders of what Dean had left behind were gone. But the mental ones? Den was sure that the angel would never be the same. And he didn’t want to ever open the conversation about it.
“Actually, I am.” A third, familiar voice interjected before Dean could make a comeback. The sound of Ellen’s slippers on the hardwood should have announced her arrival in the kitchen far earlier, but Dean and Jo had been too caught up in their bickering to notice.
Dean wondered how she heard them from her seat. He had had spoken with Becky a few times before and from their brief encounters he decided that it would best for him to stay
Dean had texted Cas to meet up under the pretense of working on their project. Dean thought that if Cas knew what this was really about, he would never show up. Forget, showing up. He would never show his face around Dean ever again. Dean knew him too well to know that Cas would be mortified.
Castiel knew it was strange for an eleven-year old to be able to differentiate between alcoholic beverages but he also supposed that nothing was really normal in his family. After encountering his father drunk one too many times, he had learned to recognize the drunken look. Thinking that his father hadn’t noticed him, Castiel decided to sneak away upstairs.
, he didn’t just run around while the teacher was lecturing, who do you think Dean Winchester is?) until Cas caught up to him and got his essay back, glowering at Dean all the while Dean was calmly smiling up at him.
Dean ran up to the guest room, hoping this conversation would go smoothly but knowing with his luck, it would probably be an utter disaster. As he walked up to the guest room, from the open doorway, he could see that Cas was lying on the bed and frowning down at a magazine (National Geographic) he was holding in his hand. Dean bit his lip to stop himself from grinning.
. He had forgotten to pack it. Also, how had he gone so long without ever checking the mini fridge with his obsession over cleanliness.
When they finished kissing, Dean rested his forehead against Cas’s and said, “I’m sorry, Cas, I’m so sorry. What I did, God that was wrong.” A tear spilled out, then another one and then Dean was shaking as sobs wracked his body.
Dean sat next to Cas on his bed. He gently pulled the book out from Cas’s hand and put it on his desk. “Didn’t know you liked comic books.”
“Okay, okay, your highness.” Dean spent the next two hours helping Jo with her Chem homework and then studying for his own class.
Castiel and Anna waved goodbye to Dean as they drove out of the driveway.  As they drove farther and farther away, Castiel became smaller and smaller and within seconds, Dean could not see him anymore. For a few seconds it felt like both Castiel and Anna had disappeared from existence. But then that was stupid.
“So this is where you live?” Dean said as he took off his coat and hung it onto a hanger. Just from entering, you could tell that the apartment was well taken care of. It was neat and clean and smelled nice,
Dean threw his hands in the air. “Nothing, nothing. It’s just-” Dean sighed. “Why are you taking Chem 112? Only one science is required for the core. Why are you taking extra science classes? I thought you wanted to be a writer.”
“I know it’s too soon but I wanted you to know that I- ” He paused as if he was uncertain what he was going to say and hadn’t actually thought it over fifty times like Dean suspected him to have done.
He turned on the water so that Sam wouldn’t be able to hear before angrily saying to her, “What do you think you’re doing?”
"Oh, I'm so sorry- I didn't know-" At the last second, Castiel noticed the mischievous glint in Dean's eyes but before he could say anything, Dean pushed his arm away and went flying up the stairs.
Castiel was not at the kitchen table for breakfast and he had not come downstairs ever since.He was nowhere to be seen and it was almost 1:00 P.M. The trial was to set to be at 3:00 P.M. If they wanted to make it on time and have a few minutes to prep before the beginning, they had to get going soon.
Evidently it was seeing as Cas put his bat down. “I’m sorry, Dean. My memory isn’t working correctly anymore.” Cas looked down, ashamed. Dean could see that tears were starting to form.
Dean bit his lower lip. He wasn’t sure how this was going to go. “I’m selling the house,” he repeated.
Cas snickered. To this day, he still found it funny that his niece was a neat freak, unlike her mother. He moved aside Teddy’s toys into a neat pile before sitting down.
At first, Dean had been upset with his father and had yelled at him. But then he realized that it wasn’t really up to his dad to decide. Also deep down, he knew it would be better for Castiel and Anna to stay with a foster family that could take care of them and provide them support.
Cas, upon hearing Dean’s voice turned around completely and that was when Dean saw he had a pair of fangs out, which up to this point he had assumed were fake.
Cas shot him an amused look as he took off his shoes and placed them neatly next to their other shoes. “Are you just going to repeat everything I say?”
The new girl’s name was Ruby and she had transferred for her senior year to Lawrence High because her parents travelled a lot for work. She then warned Dean and his group of friends not to get too attached as she would most likely be gone before the first semester even ended. Dean thought it was a pretty weird thing to say as they had just met her but he didn’t say anything as he could see that Asher really liked her.
If Castiel were a bird, he would certainly feel like flying. But Castiel was not a bird and unfortunately that meant he had to travel by the car.
love him.” Asher had a sloppy smile on but there was something sad behind his expression like a longing of sorts and Dean didn’t really want to have this conversation right now.
He didn't see his sister often either. She would usually go to school and then hang out with her friends afterwards. Anna often came home so late that Castiel was on his fifth dream by then.
They sat for a few seconds in silence yet again before Jo smirked and said, “Hey guess what I just realized?”
“There’s somewhere I have to be.” Dean said shortly, not stopping to explain as he walked down the stairs. What was the point of explaining, anyway? This Sam was not real and if Dean managed to solve whatever’s going on, this Sam will cease to exit.
of you that everything you do has consequences.” Mr.Shurley smiled eerily and glanced around the room.
One afternoon in December Dean came home from his swim meet to find Sam and Ruby sitting at the dining room table, huddled so close together that their foreheads were almost touching. Dean cleared his throat. “What is going on here?”
After they met with Meg for coffee the next weekend, they went back to her house and helped her finish packing. Although, most of what they helped with was then redone by Meg and her mother as they preferred things "their way." Dean wondered what then was the point of him and Cas helping out but did not dare to voice his question.
Castiel arched an eyebrow “I had a girlfriend before I went out with you. It’s called being bisexual or pansexual. Sexuality is fluid.”
“She isn’t just some girl if you’re so upset over her.” Dean said, trying to urge Sam to give him more details.
Cas glanced back at Dean sitting in the bed. He looked so small and all he wanted to do was pull Dean in his arms but if Dean wanted him to leave, he would do that. “Fine, I’ll leave.” He grabbed the door handle but before he opened the door, he said, “Just know, I’ll always be there for you if you need me.”
Dean seemed to understood because he then whispered something in Castiel’s voice ( it sounded like, “It’s going to be okay, just a few minutes”) and then Castiel and Anna left Dean’s bedroom.
“Do you even hear yourself? What is there to get through?” Dean said harshly, “It shouldn’t be a thing to get through in the first place.”
Apparently, Sam wasn’t good at listening because at this moment, Cas stood right in front of Dean as he sat in his wheelchair, waiting for his treatment to begin.
Upon entering the room, Dean saw that his mom was asleep. His father, however, wasn't. John was sitting in the chair and holding something very little wrapped in several blankets. Dean was pretty sure that it was Sam.
“Uh..” Dean crossed his arms and tightened his lips. He didn’t like where this was going. “What do we have to talk about?”
No matter how much he would beg, Dean knew that his dad wouldn’t let him and Sam go with them. It was stressful enough and John did not want to add more stress to the situation for Castiel or Anna.
“I know you’re in there. You can’t hide from me forever.” Inias shouted from outside. A few people had gathered around the street trying to figure out what was going on.
His stomach was queasy and he thought he was going to be sick. Cas asked him something else but Dean clearly wasn’t listening as all of a sudden, he blurted out, “I love you.”
Dean looked at Castiel and suddenly realized what his dad must've been going through. "I wouldn't want to be alive knowing that they weren't."
“Oh.” Dean said and then pulled the textbook to him. Here he was not even sure what he was going to do the next day and Jo was telling him that she had planned out the next two or three years of her life already.  How was he supposed to know what he wanted to do with the rest of his life at sixteen?
And as Dean went to sit in the back and Cas sat down back in his seat, grinning triumphantly (give him a break, he was still in high school, not having to move from his seat allowed him a triumphant grin), Jason, the kid who sat behind Cas leaned over and said quietly, “You know what they say.”
Jo crossed her arms, shaking her head at him. “God, Dean, you really do live under a rock.” She snatched the paper back and stuffed it back into her bag. “Anyway, I’m going and that means you’re going with me or I’ll tell Bobby all about that swimming camp incident you had way back in freshman year.”
"You think that's so funny. Well let me tell you, in ten years, you'll be a college dropout, working on a minimum-wage salary, hoping to pay off the loans for the college that you didn't even finish. No one will care about you, not even any of these so-called 'friends' of yours. And you know where Cas'll be? He'll be among the stars. He'll be doing great things and if you ever touch him again, I will hurt you."
“Cas,” He said gently. “You can have stability in other fields. And a career isn’t the only thing in life that you can find stability in. Besides, don’t major in something you don’t like.” Dean smiled at Cas and added, “Life’s too short for that bullshit.”
“Well, we're friends, right but today when I walked by her in the café, she and her friends immediately stopped talking and starting giggling.”
Cas reciprocated and pulled Dean closer. Dean then pulled Cas onto his lap and tugged at the hem of his shirt.
Sam, who was trying very hard to ignore his brother laughed to which Dean grinned back. At least, they could always count on being able to laugh at their dad together.
Mr.Shurley nodded. “Good, just as I expected.” Upon seeing that Cas still had a frightened expression on his face, he said, “Do not worry, Mr. Novak, you are not getting a detention.”
When they were finished with homework, they decided to play some video games. And even though Castiel was out of practice, he had managed to win two out of the three games. He was about to defeat Dean in the third one when John called them to dinner.
Chuck looked up from his mug. “After Lucifer fell- Chuck grimaced, “-I decided I wouldn’t meddle in any more affairs and I left. I erased all of my memories and lived on this planet. But then Amara resurfaced-”he gave Dean a pointed look “- I felt a shift in the Earth and I knew who I was.”
Sam walked quickly to catch up with Cas before he got the chance to get on the elevator. “What? What the hell, Cas?”
Once the excitement of the day was over, Castiel began to worry and evidently he was showing his emotions on his face because Dean who was laying on the other side of the couch said, “What’s wrong?”
Chuck bit his lip. “Dean, I ask you to think about what you had thought about before the darkness enshrouded you in the car.”
Cas sighed like he was tired of the fighting and his eyes softened. “C’mon Dean, you’re not a dick.”
When Dean returned with his brother, John asked Sam to come sit next to him. “Sammy, Dean and Cas are going to go home and I want you to go with them.”
They had been laying on the bed, making out and grinding their bodies together. A few minutes into it, Dean’s shirt was gone and he was reaching for Castiel’s belt to unbuckle it when suddenly Castiel sprang away from him and said, “I don’t think we should do this.”
Asher did not appreciate being mocked and glared at both of them as Dean drove onto the parking lot and began to park his car. Asher’s prissy mood lasted for a bout of ten seconds as a new female student had just walked by the school parking lot.
“Are you sure?” Sam said hesitantly. “I mean, he would want to know and it’s a pretty big to thing to keep secret.”
Ash punched Dean in the shoulder and said, "Yeah you are a doofus." Dean smiled as he knew that was Asher's way of saying thanks. Asher then scrambled out of the car and ran to the porch where Ellen was already waiting, her arms crossed.
Dean pulled at his hair. “What I need to get is some sleep so that I can start studying for this test and be ready for my meet Thursday.” Dean tried to stifle a yawn but to no avail. He covered his mouth as he yawned and then said, “Plus we should probably start studying for the SAT.”
And suddenly, without Cas noticing, Cas became the center of Dean’s universe. And it wasn’t the way you would imagine it. Ew, they were
"That's gross but whatever," Dean said and placed the two jars on the table. He went to the other side of the kitchen.
"Dean, Cas's dad, Inias, is a very powerful lawyer. Even if we tried, we couldn't possibly beat him."
Dean got up and pulled his little brother in for a hug. “It’s not, Sammy, it’s not fair at all. But we can’t keep living in this house. I know you hate that and I don't want to leave either but it makes sense for us right now and I know you miss dad but you know what?” Dean asked.
As Dean wandered up the stairs, he wondered if Sam knew. Nah, he crossed that thought out of his mind. There was no way Sam could have figured it out.
“I’m bi.” Jo blurted out quiet loudly that she was positive the only two other customers who were sitting on the other side of the diner heard her. She could feel her face getting red. However, Dean didn’t mention it at all.
Cas smiled and they walked inside the school building and stood in line as they waited to be seated for the SAT. Only later, when he was sitting in his seat and the proctor was handing out the test did he realize that that was the first time Dean had called him babe.
Well, let's not say that. It was still a misfortune for Ms.Milton, who now had to put up with the couple and for Jason,
“Stupid? Stupid is drinking while driving. Stupid is wearing your shirt inside out. Stupid is not fucking your coworker at a holiday party while your husband is home worrying about you!” Dean yelled. He clenched his fists and told himself to breath properly before he would have a panic attack.
“Yes, I would think so, what with her father abandoning them, her mother always working, and her brother, Luke in jail.” Cas looked up at Dean, narrowing his eyes, daring Dean to say something, probably expecting him to say something inherently stupid. “Wouldn’t you think she was lonely?”
“I miss you. I couldn’t even- I couldn’t even say your name for the first few weeks, if I'm being honest, it still hurts to say it aloud,
Apparently that wasn’t good enough for Dean and he kept ranting. “Oh, right, you said it’s the emotional support. I mean of course, I should have know, I don’t have a mom, so obviously we can’t be a foster family. Well maybe you’ve forgotten but you don’t have one either. Or did your asshat of father beat you so hard that it escaped your memory?”
However, one night when Dean was vomiting up blood and claiming that the whole room was spinning but still begging Cas to not go to the doctor by saying, “Please don’t call the doctor,
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." John kept mumbling. "I just miss her so much." John said and put his head into his hands.
Dean arrived at Zack's table. Zack's friends, well, more like followers, were laughing as Zack stuck some popcorn kernels in his nostrils and blew them out. Dean couldn't fathom what could possibly be funny about that. It was actually pretty disgusting. He cleared his throat.
“Hey so now that Jo’s gone, I wanted to ask you something,” Charlie commented, ending Dean and Ash’s discussion once and for all.
The boy did not reply, but that did not discourage Dean. Something about this boy made him want to know him more. Something about him made it seem as if Dean had known him his whole life. Logically, Dean knew that didn’t make any sense, but that wouldn’t stop him from trying to get to know him.
From his interactions this week, it was clear to him that this Sam was not the real Sam. Ellen, Bobby, and Jo also clearly did not know this was an alternate reality. But what about Cas? The last time Dean had talked to Cas, or well the teenager Cas, he seemed to believe this was reality too. He hadn’t talked to the kid since that day at the principal’s office. Maybe something had changed since then. Maybe Cas had realized that he wasn’t a high school senior but was in fact an angel of the lord. Dean could only hope.
After Dean was finished with his bowl, he got up to put his bowl in the sink and was about to leave when Castiel’s voice stopped him.
After Cas and Dean had gone to Dean’s house and gotten Sam, Cas drove to the hospital while Dean and Sam sat in the backseat, both trying to comfort one another.
Anyway, Dean was trying not to have a stroke due to what he was seeing which was the silhouette of his boyfriend, Cas, who was casually sipping from a blood bag.
“All ready to go?” She asked as she jammed two pieces of bread into the toaster and turned to take the jam out of the fridge.
"Alright I'll be back with pillows and blankets." John got up and went to fetch some blankets from the linen closet.
Dean smiled back at him as he grabbed his wallet and keys. “Thanks, Cas but you’re the one who’s going to change the world.”
However, they could not sense the holiday spirit. They didn't know that they were meeting such significant people. They didn't know who they were themselves; just fetuses waiting to get out and finally see the world through their own eyes.
It looked like Anna suddenly had a change of heart because then she said, "Okay, fine, you can come in."
For several minutes, he stared at Castiel sleeping soundly. After everything that had happened, Cas was going to die. Sure, he was still very pissed with him but no matter what, he still loved his husband. That’s why he made the decision right then. He pulled his slippers off, pulled the blanket up and laid down behind Cas.
Later, when the three of them were eating lunch, Dean had another one of his coughing fits. But this one wasn’t as short as the other ones. It got so bad that he had to excuse himself to go to the bathroom, where he stood over the sink and coughed so much that he had throw up. When he finished vomiting, he looked at the sink and felt his stomach drop. There was blood in the sink. He had vomited blood. He thought he was going to be sick.
Dean turned the door handle. When he walked in, he saw Sam in his pajamas on his bed reading a book. Dean glanced at the backpack on his desk chair that was already packed for tomorrow and his chest swelled. He loved his nerdy organized brother and he could not imagine what he would do if the doctor told him that something was
It had been Dean’s idea to travel while he could so he and Cas drove around the nearby states for a few days and visited some tourists’ attractions. Dean kept telling Cas that he was fine and despite worrying, Cas decided to give him some space.
“I’m going to sell the house,” Dean announced when they were sitting at the kitchen table eating lunch. Well, eating was an over exaggeration. Neither he or his brother had actually touched their food that much in the past few days. Which was actually starting to concern Dean. He knew what grief could do to people and even though he himself wasn’t too keen on eating at that moment, he made sure his little brother ate something every once in a while.
Sammy was going to start college in the fall. Dean couldn’t believe it. It felt like just yesterday his brother had been a baby.
“You bastard.” Dean yelled angrily and then he swung his fist, which collided with Chuck’s jaw. Then he pulled his fist back, shaking his hand off, feeling as if his hand had just collided with a rock.
“I’m fine,” Dean gritted out through his teeth before gripping the seat’s armrest. “Totally, completely fine.” (Which he was not, by the way. But he figured if he died, then at least he’d by Cas’s side. But shh, don't tell anyone that,
“I have cancer,” Dean answered finally, his voice cracking on the last word. “I have cancer, Sammy.” He repeated and then his body started shake as he started to sob.
Jo punched him in the arm and Dean rubbed the sore spot, glaring at her. “What the hell is wrong with you? First my leg, now my arm?”
“Cas I’m sorry but I can’t sit back and just watch you fucking die. You decided not to go the hospital. Well we have to do something- even if it is untreatable, we have to do something!” Dean blinked back the tears, turning his head around so that Cas couldn’t see. He had to stay strong for Cas.
“I just called my dad.” Dean announced as he entered the room. “He said he’s going to call the police and that he’s going to be here soon.”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
Dean pushed the thought out of his head and blinked away the tears. He went to the kitchen and warmed up a glass of milk.
After they moved into their own place, everything eventually fell back into routine. However, once in a while, Dean would go into coughing fits for a while and he also started getting headaches every few days. Sam told him that he should consider going to the doctor but Dean thought it was probably just due to the stress of having to dealing with everything hat had been thrown in his face the past few months.
Sam was born on May 2nd, 2003. A day before the event, Mary was rushed to the hospital. Dean wasn't permitted to go with them so he had to stay with the Miltons. He was sad to be separated from his family for such a long time. He supposed that spending the time with Castiel was an upside, though.
After a few minutes, he calmed down and Dean got him a few tissues. He wiped his eyes and blew his nose.
“So you weren’t going to tell your boyfriend of two years that you were diagnosed with lung cancer?” Cas uncrossed his arms, then crossed them again. “You didn’t think I should know.”
Dean climbed out of his seat and went to stand next to his dad. Dean put his arms around his dad and hugged him as tightly as he could. John returned the hug. It was funny how sometimes kids could handle emotions better than adults.
When none of the boys responded, Mr.Shurley decided to take matters in his own hands. He helped Zack up first and said, “Zachariah, please go to the nurse. I will deal with you later.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Oh boohoo baby, nothing really happened. Here let me take a cup from you.” Dean reached out with his hand and Cas handed the untouched drink to Dean. Dean sat down next to Cas but made sure to leave a lot of space between them.
“Your husband, Dean, he sent us some samples of your work. We were impressed by your short stories and we wanted to offer you a book deal.”
Mrs. Day went to open the door and smiled (though Dean thought it was a bit forced) at Mr.Shurley as he stepped in.
Meanwhile, Dean and Sam shared bewildered looks at their dad’s strange behavior but decided not to say a word.
After he changed into his pajamas and brushed his teeth, he was lying on the spare mattress; unable to fall asleep. As he thought over the evening and what he had seen, his thoughts ranged from ‘
Dean laughed at the sight. He knew that if a fight would break out between the two girls, Becky wouldn’t have a chance. Familiar blue eyes stared at him from across the classroom and he noticed the disapproving look. He quickly stopped laughing.
Dean came back and rummaged through his locker once again. This time he managed to get his English textbook out and slammed the door quickly before anything else would fall out.
Mrs. Day sat back at her desk and reorganized her papers, tapping them on the desk to straighten them and bring the class’s attention back to her. Once everyone had simmered down, she started listing off the pairs she had chosen for the project, which immediately ramped up the mixture of excitement and anxiety in the room. Dean really hoped that he would be paired up with Charlie or Jo for this project.
? He pushed the thought back and allowed Cas to press his face into the warmth of Dean’s sweater. Dean whispered soothing words as Cas cried.
Castiel had promised Dean that he would get his revenge so he snuck up behind Dean and started tickling Dean. He knew that tickling was Dean's weakness and had decided to use it against him. He was an evil genius after all.
“Man, I love him too, I even let him copy my math homework.” He could see Castiel trying not to smirk at the exchange.
When John went to talk to Inias and the other grown-ups in the kitchen, Dean stayed behind. He stood still next to Castiel. After a few seconds of silence, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel. They stood that way for a few seconds and Castiel understood everything Dean was trying to tell him. Dean had lost a mother of his own, after all. He knew what it felt like.
Dean rolled his eyes and Asher laughed. “Oh come on, Dean, it’s not so bad, being siblings with Jo.”
He went upstairs to his room and took out his textbook. He was going to start his homework when he heard a noise. It appeared to be coming from his parent's bedroom. Castiel chose to ignore it. However as time went by, it did not stop and he decided to investigate.
Sam smiled, “No, but- ” His smile disappeared quickly. “Weirdly enough it did glow in class today. Probably a malfunction or something.” He turned back to typing on his laptop.
Monday morning, Dean found himself early at school. He walked among the library until he found what, or rather whom he was looking for.
Sam sighed. “Yeah, for you to stop referring to us as kids, Deanna. We’re four years younger, not forty.”
“Well as the scribe, I think maybe he felt that he was mistreated by the Elders,” Cas said and then added on, “But to be honest, he was as you said, ‘a douchebag,’ the Elders had nothing to do with it. He just wanted control and power."
“Oh good, I’m Chuck Shurley. We really loved your work. We’d like to publish a book by you,” The man answered him.
Their mother packed their lunch and walked them to the school bus. She waved as the bus drove away, her figure became smaller and smaller as the bus drove farther away. That day started out as most days had and Castiel didn't think that anything out of the ordinary was going to happen. He was, of course, proven wrong.
Dean rolled his eyes. Then Chuck came closer to him and pressed two fingers against his forehead. Dean knew it was time so he closed his eyes.
Before he went to sleep that night, Dean thought over the fact that he had broken the promise he made to his mother a few years ago. That was when he realized that maybe promises couldn't always be kept.
“Did he say anything about you spending time with me instead? I mean have you looked at all this?” The boy gestured to himself. “Why wouldn’t someone want to hang out with me?”
Dean was about to curse out the person who dared to help mess him up his work when he noticed the bluest eyes. All his thoughts went out the window.
Jo rolled her eyes, but said nothing until she heard the telltale click of the bathroom door closing. She shifted her focus back to Dean. “Now are you going to answer the question?”
“Did you study?” Ruby interrupted their conversation and turned around so that she was now facing Ash.
“Well what are we waiting for? Let’s go get the essence thingy and while we're at it, kick Metatron in the ass.”
"Keep telling yourself that, no can resist my charm." Dean was glad that he immediately ducked after that because he was positive that the spitball thrown his way had a 99.9 % chance of hitting him in the eye. And no sir, he did not need that on top of everything else.
It was at that moment that he wanted to yell. At everyone and everything. At the universe for causing him to lose both of his parents by the time he was eighteen years old.
“Ruby.” Dean said absentmindedly as he placed the heated lasagna on the table and passed a plate to Sam. “Why?”
“Very well, you both may go,” Mr.Shurley stated but then as they were about to exit the principal’s office, Mr.Shurley called both of their names. When the boys turned their heads, he added, “I hope it will please both of you that I will have a serious discussion of using derogatory terms with Zachariah and that he will definitely face serious consequences.”
“Ugh, let me help.” Jo strolled over and pulled Ash up on his feet. She rolled her eyes at Dean and Castiel and said, “A little help here, guys.”
They had been watching T.V. at Cas’s house in his room when Cas’s phone started buzzing. He took his phone out of his pocket and frowned at it.
Dean and Cas hung out when they could. Although it didn’t seem like a lot of time, it was enough for them. They enjoyed each other’s company. Though they were sad not to have a lot of time together, they knew that it wasn’t the worst possible scenario. And due to their naïveté and their high hopes that everything would be okay, they weren’t prepared for what came in the next chapter of their lives.
He decided against waving at him and turned back in his chair to face the front of the classroom right when their history teacher, Mrs. Day, came in. She threw her bag and all of the papers and books she had been holding onto the desk. Then she adjusted her glasses and went to write the do now and the agenda of the week on the board.
As he walked home, Dean thought of all of the weird things that had happened to him this week so far. He hoped the incident at the party was the last he was going to see of crazy town because he didn’t think he could handle any more of it.
Jo sighed. “Ugh, everything is so difficult with you Singer men. Hold on, let me get it-” She rifled through her backpack until she grabbed a piece of crumpled paper out of it.
"He's my dad's friend. He's not really my uncle, but he's kind of like a brother to dad. What do you want, peanut butter or nutella?" Dean said as he looked through the cupboard.
Sam sat up and rolled his eyes. When his eyes fell on the popcorn lying on the floor, he scrunched up his nose in disgust, and Dean said, “Yeah, buddy, you’re helping me clean that up later. Now who’s Madison?”
Later when Mary was chopping vegetables, she realized that the bright blue sky was a reminder of Castiel's blue eyes and was therefore the most probable reason for Dean's happiness. She smiled to herself as she thought it over and then got back to finishing the dinner.
Dean rolled his eyes but then smiled. Then he remembered something and asked, “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure, that’d be great.” Another honk was heard. “Well I gotta go or Mrs.Harvelle’s going to kill me.”
Dean grimaced, he felt bad that his brother had been in this world and hadn’t know where he or Cas had been. “Well, Cas was in the same place I was.”
Ellen nodded and said, “Okay, you kids have fun. “You kids be safe and remember, Dean-” Ellen gave a pause but then continued, “there are just so many ways to kill a man.”
Anna, her husband, Dave, and their daughter, Teddy also came over but that didn’t cheer or help Cas much either. He just didn’t want to talk to anyone.
After making plans with Cas to meet up at the local park in a few hours, Dean decided that he would get some homework done. Of course that hadn’t worked out so well as he was having trouble concentrating on proofs when all he could think about was what he was going to say to Cas. And more importantly, he wanted to know what Cas was going to say to him; he especially wanted to know what the whole thing at the party had been about.
Ellen quirked her eyebrow, “Uh- you know someone with the same black hair and blue eyes but maybe more masculine.”
“What do you want?” He said, annoyed. Although he wasn’t Meg’s friend and they never really got along, Asher and Jo were friends with her and therefore they had to put up with each other. However, now that neither of their friends were in the classroom, they acted however they wanted.
"But I have to tell you Cas, Anna better hope that no one ever finds out her real name. 'Cuz it sounds a bit well... wrong."
“Actually, it’s similar to yours.” Jo said as she played with her napkin, almost causing it to fall to the ground.
Ten minutes later, they were standing outside of the school building. Letting out a breath, the visibility of air reminded them it was near winter.
At that, Dean started to cry and Mary came up and hugged him. When he calmed down, he finally told them the whole story. It turned out that some boys had called Dean and Cas, "gay babies" because they were very upset when they were forced to part from each other.
Sam smirked. “I saw you and Cas a few days ago in front of the house. Both of you were saying goodbye in a
Dean rolled his eyes. “I said I’m sorry, I know sometimes I take things too far but that’s only because I lik- ” Dean didn’t finish but the blush on his face told Cas enough.
“Hi may I speak to Castiel Novak-Winchester?” Dean really hated himself for going with the suggestion of hyphenating their names. Cas had had the ability to make him do anything just by pulling his stupid puppy face. That had caused Dean to do a lot of stupid things, including agreeing with Cas about the hyphenating.
“And we can go to sleep after it. Know how much you love your beauty sleep.” Dean snapped Cas out of his thoughts. While his voice was teasing, his tired eyes told another story.
The other boy, who was previously finishing his homework glanced up from his paper and said, “Nah don’t think so. Dad wants to go to the movies with me and Sammy. Says he wants to spend some quality time with us,
When Dean was finally aware of what was he doing, he turned around to run far far away and prayed Castiel would be too drunk in the morning to remember this when he felt a hand on his arm and was suddenly being pulled into a room.
Zack looked up and his eyes seemed to have a mischievous glint. But upon closer inspection, they looked mean, sinister even.
Finding Cas’s house was not as hard as Dean had thought it would be. After looking up Cas in the town’s directory and getting his address, he used Google maps to help him plan his route.
?" Anna took another swig. Castiel took a step closer to her and tried to place his hand on her shoulder. Instead, he flew backward when she pushed him away. Luckily, he managed to gain his balance and didn't actually fall.
Which is why within the next twenty-four hours, Dean found himself on a plane to Ireland (apparently the motherland of magic) with an angry vampire and an asshole wizard in magical handcuffs who just would not shut up about the marvelousness of human technology and how great planes were in this era.
. I hope you’re alright up there,” He laughed but it came out more like a sob. “Actually, I know you’re alright up there. You’re up there with your family, who you haven't seen in so many years, you must be having a blast." He smiled at that. "Although I know you’re up there and at peace, I still wish you were here.”
Ever since he had started treatment, he was constantly pissed off and Cas didn’t know what to do. He wanted to take away Dean’s pain and suffering but he knew that he couldn’t. And every time he tried to console Dean, Dean snapped at him. Cas was tired and he felt guilty about being tired because his husband had it a lot worse. So, one day when Dean was taking a nap, Cas snuck out and went to see his sister, Anna.
Dean was never much for talking so he sat down next to Cas, grabbed Cas’s face and placed a kiss on Cas’s lips. Dean wasn’t going to lie, the kiss wasn’t speculator and he didn’t feel fireworks. In fact, the kiss was quite awkward, their teeth knocked against each other and they couldn’t quite figure out a good angle. But Dean didn’t care because it was with Cas and he was glad he had done it.
But then seventh grade happened and that’s when everything (well, not everything, that’s quite impossible) went to hell. Something had happened to Dean (Cas thought it
"Why don't you go take a shower, Dean?" Dean was about to argue but saw the determined look in his father's eyes.
After school, Dean sat in the library, nervously fiddling with his phone. He and Sam had had decided that they would start working on the project as soon as possible. Being that Sam was a freshman and had a longer schedule, Dean had to wait in the library for him.
with his brother. Well, actually he had been watching it by himself when his brother came into the living room, flopped onto the couch and started groaning.
Dean was not alone though. A kid with long blonde hair and dark brown eyes was standing next to him. He was a bit taller than Dean. Castiel could see that they were laughing as they walked. He did not know who the kid was. Castiel supposed that it was his fault though. Ever the shy kid who couldn't get the courage up to talk to others, Castiel didn't really get to socialize with kids his age outside of Dean. As they got closer, Castiel felt himself stiffen.
“Oh shut the fuck up, it’s not like you weren’t drinking.” Asher said as he started eating his eggs.
Dean and Castiel went upstairs and worked on their homework while Sam played with his toys. Dean had promised that he would help Castiel catch up on his work so he wouldn't get left behind.
“So what, the first thing you decided to do was throw me and Cas into this lovely universe, just for the heck of it?”
Dean clapped him on the shoulder lightly, a bright smile on his face and said, “Don’t ever change, Cas.”
As he walked back to his bedroom to pick up the phone, he really hoped it wasn’t his boss, Bobby calling. He so rarely got a day off and when he finally did, they somehow managed to screw something up and then called for him to come in. As much as he loved his job, he enjoyed a relaxing day every now and then.
In the early morning, when Dean woke up, he glanced at Cas and smiled at him before pressing a kiss to his forehead. Then he got out of bed and was about to go to the bathroom when he heard his phone buzzing.
A few hours later, Dean was walking out of the bathroom when he bumped into someone and was about to apologize when he saw who it was, smiled and exclaimed, “Cas!”
"Well my parents want it to be a boy and they're certain so I think that, too." Castiel smiled brightly.
While Anna flipped through the channels, Castiel turned back to Dean and decided to continue their conversation.
Sam grumbled disappointedly but said goodnight to Castiel and Dean and then went upstairs with John.
"Can I meet him?" Castiel walked out of the bathroom, overhead the conversation and yelled in the phone, "Me too, me too!"
“- Here it is,” Jo replied. She smoothed out the paper and slid it across the kitchen table for Dean to look at.
It had been the right decision. He was right to break it off with Lisa. Dean thought as he changed out of his jeans and into his pajamas.
“Chuck, so nice of you step by.” Mrs. Day’s lips thinned and Dean had a feeling Mrs. Day didn’t think it was
He ran up the porch stairs and rang the doorbell frantically. He really hoped that Cas’s parents weren’t home because he had no time for pleasantries and judging by the empty driveway he had had a second to glance upon as he ran up the stairs, he had an inkling feeling that he was right.
“Sure he will- ” Castiel laughed mockingly and Dean glared at him, if only for a second and then said, “We’ll visit and you can come visit us here. You could even bring Anna with you but don’t tell her I said that.”
Cas sighed, “I thought I wanted to stay there. It seemed like life was easier there, simpler, if you will. No apocalypse, no war, no purgatory, no darkness. And I didn’t want to leave at first. But then I realized that in that world, we didn’t love each other, we weren’t even friends. And Sam wasn’t my friend there either. And then I knew that I should help you because even if we do have a lot of problems, I’d still rather be here with you and Sam than in that universe.”
Cas checked his phone again. “New York. Her brother finished his sentence and their mom wants a clean slate for him so they’re moving.”
Dean ignored them and continued on his way to his class. It was honestly beyond him why everyone kept assuming he was anything but straight or that he liked Cas. Sure, they used to be the best of friends when they were little, but that was back then. And so what if Dean noticed that Cas had great hair, really blue eyes and that he was way too smart for his own good. It didn’t mean anything at all.
“Yeah, I know, apparently you love everyone today.” Jo snorted from her place on the couch. She wasn’t as drunk as Asher but she had been drinking coffee to try to alleviate her headache. Dean told himself that at least he only had to deal with one drunken Harvelle sibling. He didn’t want to remember last year’s party when Jo
has a story to tell.” The principal took a sip of his coffee, regarding them both over the rim before setting it down. He swallowed and added, “Anyhow, you are still getting detention-”
As he walked into the kitchen to get a coke, he saw that someone was sitting next to his brother. Dean wasn’t sure if it was the telepathy of brothers or if Sam was just that good at reading people because the next second, Sam looked up from his notes and said, “Don’t worry, Dean. He’s my friend. I didn't let a stranger into our house.”
At first, Bobby was appalled but after Dean told him the circumstance, Bobby sighed and said, “You take as much time as you need, boy. Don’t worry about us here; we’ll get on fine without you. Except of course for Garth, bet that idgjit’s going to miss you.” Dean had huffed out a laugh, said, “thanks” and then hung up the phone.
He, however didn’t comment on that because he had also seen that Ash and Alfie were holding hands and that was way more interesting than trying to figure out how they had smuggled in the bag of goodies.
“What’s the matter?” Asher said, aware of his friend’s attention being torn away from their conversation.
“We’ll see about that.” Cas slammed the scribe against the tree once more and said, “Start talking.”
“Nothing, Dean. I wish my sister and I could stay but it is not possible for your dad to raise four children all at once without any financial or emotional support.”
“Well that definitely wasn't how I had imagined you telling me,” Cas said teasingly as he rubbed Dean’s back soothingly and then offered him a water bottle. Dean graciously accepted the water bottle and gulped it down.
Meanwhile Dean responded to Charlie’s statement. He had to hold back a fist as he answered her. “I’m not bisexual. I only like girls, why do you people keep on insisting I am anything but straight?”
A few days after the funeral, Dean came to visit Castiel’s grave. He placed some flowers near the headstone and then walked a few steps back.
The excitement of the summer was evident amongst the busy chatter of the students in the cafeteria. It was a few weeks before summer break would begin and all the students would go off on their separate adventures, or more likely, their long awaited naps.
They walked around before finding a small hut. Dean started walking toward it but Cas put a hand in front of him and said, “Stay back” and Dean figured it would be best if he listened to Cas when it came to creepy douchebag wizards.
The rest of the evening passed quietly, with no other arguments evolving. They watched television and made out a bit more before Anna came back from work. And though Anna was older now and acted more sophisticated, what with her hair now being the original red color she was born with and the way she dressed and walked, she still missed no opportunity to tease her brother.And she did tease them after she caught them kissing on the sofa. All through dinner, she cracked jokes and made sure to see them turn red; especially Dean.
Dean was glad that he had been holding onto the armrest of his desk, because he was pretty sure if he hadn't been, he would’ve definitely fallen out of his chair.
Once he’d settle in, he’d have to call Sam and check in to see how his freshman year had started. It had taken a lot of convincing on Sam’s part for Dean to agree to live on campus rather than at home with his younger brother. Eventually Dean relented but that was only because Sam had moved back in with Bobby while Rufus found someone else to rent the apartment for the time being.
Then Cas came up to Dean’s grave and said, “Hey, Deanie.” He paused, startled by the realization that Dean wasn’t going to be there to tell him to call him Dean, not
"God, you're so nosy. I don't know, my mom used to sing to me before I went to sleep but she's not here anymore so I listen to the radio and it calms me down before sleep."
“That looks delicious, thank you.” Jo smiled at the waitress as she placed their plates down on the table.
Cas didn’t know how but somehow, he had gotten through it. Through people telling him how sorry they were, through the pity, through the burial and worst of all, through Sam trying to hide his own grief from Cas for Cas’s benefit.
Bobby waved his protests away and said, “I know you boys like it here and don’t get me wrong, I’m happy you’re here but you’re eighteen now, Dean and if you wanted, you and Sam could move out and live on your own and you gotta admit, Sam could use his own room.” Bobby quirked his eyebrow at that. Bobby slapped Dean’s shoulder as he walked past him and out of the kitchen. “Just think about it.”
“The way someone feels about their favorite song is the way I feel whenever I'm with you," Cas said. "Whenever we’re on a date, I never want our time together to end,” Cas smiled brightly. “Dean, the point is that I love you, too.”
“Okay, that was never on my bucket list, maybe on yours, but definitely not mine. And also, you do realize that we didn’t actually have sex, right?”
Regardless, he knew that they had a project to work on and he was going to push his weirdness aside and act as normal as possible. So what if Sam felt like a brother to him. So what if John seemed similar. So what if he knew the name of Sam’s brother when no one else seemed to know. It didn’t
"Honey, it's up to the Miltons to decide when Cas goes to pre-school. I can't make him go if they don't think he should." Mary tried to explain.
those kids. The kids who got everything but still complained about their parents. Sometimes, he wanted to see what they would do if they were in his place.
Anna, who up to this moment stood as a silent spectator pulled him close to her side. "It's okay, Cas. It'll be okay." She whispered. Apparently, his sister was way more observant than he gave her credit.
Castiel is my brother and if you ever say something mean or taunting again, god help me, you will never ever see another living day.”
John shook his hand all the while keeping eye contact. He could feel that there was something off with Inias; he just couldn't put his finger on it.
Castiel looked the direction Asher had gone and when he was sure he was out of earshot, he said, “He still likes Alfie, doesn’t he?”
The rest of the week had gone by pretty quickly and it was finally Friday. Things eventually had gone back to normal. Though he did see both Sam and Cas around the school, he didn’t feel a sense of déjà vu or had an urgency to punch someone in the face who was annoying or teasing Cas. Dean considered that a win. He was finally back to being his normal self.
“Yeah and then what?” Dean asked as he put on his Keds. “Are you going to KU? Have you decided yet?”
Ash opened his mouth to say something but before he could say anything, Jo interrupted and said, “I was expecting this speech from mom but from you? Thanks for making sure I know what kind of brother I have.” Then she angrily walked away.
When the party ended, Dean and his friends helped Victor clean his house up and decided to all crash there.
"Dean, it's not that funny!" Castiel thought that that would calm Dean down but that apparently had the opposite effect when he saw Dean going off into another batch of giggles.
Sam looked up and before he could say anything, Dean strode across the floor to where Sam was sitting and enveloped him in a hug. “Sam, I’m so fucking glad to see you.”
"Shoot." Dean said as he leaned down to grab his stuff. He went to throw out some of the stuff he no longer needed and Castiel let out a breath of relief. At least his friend knew that he had some sort of problem.
“I could eat.” Dean answered back and then sat up, “Why are we yelling?” He muttered to himself. Then he walked to the kitchen and sat at the counter. “Hey, maybe we should wait until dad gets back from work?”
Dean cursed his luck. Sure, the kid had seemed nice during Friday’s detention and Dean felt a strange sense of pull toward him, but he had no clue if Sam would be a good partner, or if Dean would have to pull all of the weight himself. All he knew about him was that he was most likely a stoner and that he liked to draw.
Though school had started only a month ago, it felt more like a year had passed. Both Cas and Dean were swarmed by homework and rarely had the time to hang out. Furthermore, Dean decided that he wanted to try out for the swim team and spent most of his Saturdays in the water at the school pool.
“Don’t you worry, sweetie, I would never want to hurt that pretty angel face.” Meg then walked out of the classroom.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, Jo’s going to drive us. She needs the car after school. Plus, she could use the practice.”
Well anyway, they used to be friends until fifth grade started. See by fifth grade, Dean had grown a few inches and suddenly girls were always frolicking over to his desk to help him with his homework or just to stare (but what do you expect, they were pubescent girls and Dean did end up growing into who he is today). And it didn’t really bother Cas because a) somehow he had attracted a flock of girls as well that wouldn’t leave him alone (no matter how much he tried to
When they came home and Inias started shouting threats, Dean had claimed that they should stay in his room because it was the farthest room from the entrance to the house and if Inias were to break in, it would buy them some time to escape.
Castiel nodded. He wasn’t going to argue. Dean and his dad needed to talk and he didn’t want to get in the middle of that. He packed up his backpack and left Dean’s bedroom quietly.
Dean waited a few minutes before doing the same thing. That night, both boys fell asleep with one thought: they didn’t have a best friend anymore.
Eventually boredom took over him and he decided to scan the room to see if Jo or Charlie had already come in. He didn’t find either of them and he supposed they were going to come in right as the bell rang as they often did so.
Asher knelt down and got out a folder from his backpack that was under his desk. The folder was so fat, the bindings were already tearing up and the first month of school hadn’t even passed yet.
That was the way Naomi found them: in each other's arms. Castiel wasn't embarrassed. He knew that he would always want Dean around. Dean, however, scrambled to the other side of the bed as soon as he had noticed Naomi.
He glanced at Castiel, who was sitting in the front. Castiel had his head down so Dean wasn’t sure what he was doing. Could’ve been reading or writing or even drawing. Who really knew when it came to Castiel? He smiled. Cas was adorable.
While rummaging through his locker, he felt something touch his head. He turned around but didn't see anyone and went back to looking through his locker. Then, he felt it on the other side of his head and suddenly heard giggling. He turned around and saw Dean.
Dean shrugged the hand off and stormed out of the kitchen. John sighed and took a sip of his coffee. He cursed under his breath when he realized that it had gotten cold.
Asher sighed. “Just making sure. Alright, see you later man.” With that, Asher left to his next class.
The funeral was set to take a few days later. Anna was in charge of finding suitable clothes for her mother while Inias made funeral arrangements. Castiel was to stay by his father's side,
"I have to, I have to..." Dean kept repeating. He couldn't think straight. He kept pacing around the room, desperately trying to find something that he was sure wasn’t even lost.
“I need your help with something.” Dean said, then looked straight into Cas’s eyes and added, “Can I come in?”
“Okay, I’ll tell him. Thank you for calling,” He said and after saying goodbye, he hung up the phone.
had to ask what was up with her shoes. They were slippers, the kind that had bunny ears and were often paired with pajamas.
Dean was supposed to be grounded for a few weeks but John let up after a few days because he knew who was really at fault and that Dean was just doing what he thought best.
After Sam was done with his classes and Dean had driven them home, the brothers changed and then decided to eat some dinner as their dad was staying late at work that day. As Sam sat at the table and worked on his homework (how he had homework the first day as a freshman, Dean did not know but decided not to ask) and Dean heated up some leftovers for dinner, Dean asked Sam how his first day of high school had been and how he had liked the school so far.
Then Sam decided that it was enough sharing on his part and decided to ask Dean about his day. He was most interested in the new girl as he asked Dean who she was and what her name was.
“Yep, we’ve been on a few dates already. I really like her,” Dean said, smiling as he thought about Lisa.
"Oh, thank god you picked up,” Sam said on the other line. He sounded frantic. Suddenly Dean was very alert.
“Oh so it’s because we’re poor, isn’t?” Dean pulled his arm away from Castiel and moved as far away from Castiel as he possibly could.
Dean didn’t mean to be condescending but the impression that the kid had left upon him made it seem like Sam did not give any shits about school. The kid seemed to be way more into smoking joints and art than into school. Also, Dean didn't remember seeing him in class before today.  Therefore, Dean was quite surprised to see him there.
Dean heard a honking again, followed by Jo yelling, “You better get out here or you’re driving your own ass to school.”
“It’ll be alright, it will all be alright,” John remarked, as he hugged his sons. It was as if he was speaking to himself rather than to his sons.
Cas cowered, raising his hands to cover his face, awaiting the blow that always came next. But when nothing came, he squinted up and saw Dean Winchester, another popular jock, the school’s heartthrob punching the living daylights out of Zack.
