To John’s satisfaction, Sherlock was finally looking taken aback. “But, John…” he managed before John decided he’d had enough. “You know what? Forget it. This is not open to discussion.” He grabbed his black jacket and headed for the door. “I’m going out. Might be late”, he shouted from the stairwell, slamming the door shut with a little more force than strictly necessary.
At first, it was the style of clothes that was different. Then makes of cars he didn't know, ads on buses for shows he'd never heard of, and what the hell was Wonga? He tore his gaze away and looked down at his hands, but even that could not ground him, old as they looked. He had the sudden urge to get out of the cab and run, run until he found something, someone... But where, and what? He closed his eyes and slumped down into the too-big coat, breathing deeply to settle his nerves.
John flinched involuntarily. A week of dealing with Sherlock, with the murder, with his sister came crashing down on him, and he suddenly couldn't deal with this. With any of this. “I don't know”, he said, picking up his pint and downing the beer in one go. “Let's just call it a night, ok?”
“Worth every minute though.”
And where was his dad anyway, and his mum. Sherlock had until now skilfully avoided answering John's questions in that regard, which was not reassuring at all. John frowned. There was something wrong about this, and he'd have to make sure to find out as soon as they got home. Wherever home was.
There was a moment’s silence, a moment when John could have turned away and left the flat, left Harry to her own devices and her bottles, but the same stubborn streak that made him stand up to Sherlock, that made him fight for a wounded soldier’s life, also made him reach out to grab the glass Harry was holding and twist it out of her hand. “You”, he said in a tight voice, “have a drinking problem, Harry. You don’t know what you’re saying. Now stop it, get out of those dirty clothes, and get yourself a coffee or something, get yourself together.” He poured what little wine remained in the glass into the sink, then took hold of the wine bottle, trying to get it away from his sister.
, the text read,
“I didn't know you had been a smoker.” The voice was soft, but it startled John nevertheless. “It's no wonder you've been hounding me to stop.”
“I think that is enough information for the moment”, interrupted Doctor Carlton. “You have had a stressful day today, Doctor Watson, and still quite a lot of healing to do.”
is." Sherlock punched the wall next to Lestrade's head, but Lestrade did not so much as flinch. Instead, he took hold of Sherlock's shoulder, squeezing it gently.
It was fall and it would get chilly. At least Lestrade had enough sense to buy the warmest sleeping bags he could find.  Sherlock advised them to make sure they completely doused the fire before they turned in and to use a garbage bag for all the refuse and to put it in the trunk, it would be no fun attracting animals overnight or catching everything on fire.  He then announced that he was retiring to his tent so that he and John could talk about the case and Donovan and Anderson gave each other a knowing look.
That was it, Sherlock was done for, he was unzipping his bag as was John and once they made it into one big bag, John slid up alongside of him.  Instead of pretending to rub his hands over his chest, he let his fingertips skim over the soft fabric of his vest.
A devilish grin spread across Sherlock’s perfect lips. So perfect that John just wanted to lean over and lick them. They were just mere inches from John’s and all John wanted was to experience how those lips felt and taste them. Where was the harm in that?
“This ok?”
They sat away from Sherlock continuing their conversation while Sherlock replayed the night’s events over in his mind, trying to figure out what he had missed.  The only thing was is that he couldn’t concentrate on the case one hundred percent, his mind kept drifting back to him and John.  This wouldn’t do, he needed to solve this and then get back to Baker Street and hash out the rest of things between him and John so they could return to some normalcy.  He was secretly glad John and Lestrade were over in the corner talking so he had time to think to himself, he didn’t want either of them realizing he was distracted.  He started over at the beginning, going through each detail he could recall until he finally found the missing piece.  The receipt missing for the antique Dickens book that had been sold prior in the day.  Whoever had the receipt was the culprit and with the help of the video cameras in the shop, they should have no problem nabbing the guilty party.
John had been watching telly when Sherlock asked him to help him with the experiment he was working on because he couldn’t do everything himself.
At least John could give him a little bit of credit. Sherlock was only ranting and raving. John could tolerate this, well almost. At least things hadn’t devolved to where Sherlock was throwing ceramics at the wall, or worse yet, shooting it. The first and only time that occurred, John had the presence of mind to hide the gun, the clip, and the bullets all in separate places – and those places changed on a weekly basis.
They chatted for a bit more and forgot all about the telly and then Sherlock’s phone beeped.  It was Lestrade.  Seemed he had a case that needed Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock was silenced as John took him in his mouth and slid about half way down, pulling a delicious moan from Sherlock.  He pulled up slowly and let his mouth slide down again a bit further this time, before pulling almost all the way off and focusing on his crown and foreskin.  “oh God John.”
“Please Sherlock!”  John cried.
It started as any typical day at 221b Baker Street. John had made his tea and was sitting at the desk staring at the blink of the cursor on the screen. What should have been a quiet morning that allowed him time to update his blog was slowly turning into the morning from hell, all thanks to a certain consulting detective who was frantically pacing back and forth between the kitchen and living room. John couldn’t help but stare at him for a moment. Even in this manic state, the man was gorgeous. Tall, lithe, just plain bloody gorgeous, and don’t get him started on those lips – those stupid cupid bow lips, or the hair. Oh God, those curls. What John wouldn’t give to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. John snapped himself out of his reverie and returned his focus to his laptop. This was going no where fast. He should give up now. He knew there would be no way to get any work done until he found something to occupy Sherlock’s mind.
“Mrs. Hudson, thank you, you’ve been an immense help.  I was wondering, are you free tonight?  Perhaps you could sit with Rosie so I could take John out to dinner, get him out of the house for once without it being work or case related?”
Everything I touch John, I ruin or destroy and I almost managed that once with you.  If anything were to ever happen to you, I couldn’t live with myself, I wouldn’t be able to go on.  So when you brought up my birthday, it was a wake up call John.  The reminder I needed that this isn’t for me, that all I would do is hurt you.  And I imagined I hurt you by leaving Angelo’s like I did, without a word.
Tonight’s topic was of course the wonderful evening they had spent with their friends and John had thanked him yet again.  Then he excused himself, setting his half empty cuppa on the coffee table.
“Mmm. Sounds good,” Sherlock answered, his mind already immersed in the few facts Lestrade had given him.
I was quite enjoying your mouth where it was.”
John tsked, “so lost already, not able to string along a proper sentence.  Am I to guess?”
Sherlock blinked his eyes several times, caught off guard by John’s words and for a moment he wasn’t sure he’d heard them correctly.  He was still trying to reconcile the fact that John was wearing the jumper that he had deemed for special occasions only.
“Sher… I can’t, I’m gonna come if you don’t…”
“Yes John, you know how I hate to repeat myself.”
John crawled over and straddled Sherlock, his hands now on each side of Sherlock’s gripping the back of the sofa but first he wanted something- a KISS.
As if Sherlock could read his thoughts, he came up behind John and put his arms around his waist and nuzzled his neck.  “Everything’s going to be fine.”
“Is it safe because I am not in the mood to end up in the emergency.”
Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated.
“May I get you your usual bottle of wine and garlic bread?”  Sherlock nodded, that would be a wonderful idea.  He’d need a bit of loosening up if he was going to ask John to move back home tonight.
‘John…’
John bid Sherlock farewell for the evening even though it was barely half six.  Upon his arrival at his own flat however, he felt empty again.  He started packing boxes and knew he would be home again tomorrow, but that didn’t fill the void in his being.  He set the books on the desk next to the box and retreated into his room.  He reached under his bed for his duffle and began to pack most of his clothes and his bag of toiletries.  He wasn’t going to sleep here tonight.
Sherlock pulled back, “Now, none of that. I want to hear you and feel you and have your hands all over me, sunk in my hair, pushing me down further on your impressive cock, because I know you’ll have requests from me when we switch.” Sherlock smirked. “Promise me John, don’t hold back because you think I’ll break or won’t like it, if it becomes too much I’ll simply say so and the same goes for you.”
After that hour Sherlock sat up and was about to go tell them to knock it off and John grabbed his arm.  He was bored and feeling a bit playful and he was about to suggest something that would either ruin their friendship or bring them closer together, he was hoping for the latter.
John reached out and pulled the envelope back towards him.  He couldn’t read this here.  He got a bag for his muffin and set off for his bedsit.  Apparently he had a full day of reading ahead of him.
‘I love you.’
John leaned back a moment to take stock and begin to divest Sherlock of some of his clothing. As much as he loved the purple shirt, it had to go. He wanted Sherlock naked, and the sooner, the better. He started unbuttoning the shirt. Sherlock grabbed John’s wrists. “Wait, are you sure this is what you want? This will change everything.”
“Hello,” he said reaching for her hand and shaking it.  “I’m Sherlock Holmes and this is John Watson.”
And to everyone who's still subscribed. Thank you.
I think so. Even with your experiments and the bees and the crusts on the dishes because even after all those years you never did do the washing up.”
“No, no, no”, she interrupted him quickly, a high note of apology in her voice. “It's not you. It's me, it's... It's hard to explain it, but really, John, it's not anything you did or didn't do. It's me. I don't think I'm … I don't want that kind of relationship right now. I just hope... Do you think we can stay friends? I hope we can stay friends...”
In either case, it was too late to change tactics now. The door opened and Mrs Hudson beamed out at them. “John!” she exclaimed. “Sherlock said you'd been injured, poor man, are you all right? What happened?”
“Fair enough”, John agreed. He sipped his tea. “In the meantime, perhaps you could bring me up to speed on what you do know.”
“Guess what”, Harry sneered, “I don’t care what you think. D’you hear me? I don’t give a flying fuck what you think.” Her voice became shriller and shriller the more she got worked up. “You perfect little man with your perfect little life, you don’t even know what it was like when you were gone! You don’t know
“I picked it up so they wouldn't be able to trace my gun.”
John was annoyed at first, until he remembered that it was the exact same note that Sherlock had first left in his laundry. “Sentimental bastard”, John chuckled to himself. “Sociopath my arse.”
“Don't you dare.”
“Mike stayed in for lunch. You never went out. You chose a different park to limp through. There was no body in the mortuary for me that day. I was working on an experiment at home. Does it matter? Whatever the reason, we never met that day.”
“I was wrong. I had chosen the wrong bottle, back then.”
John was startled out of his thoughts. “Hmm?”
“Oh God John thank you I’m so glad you’re here…” she was gushing with a wide smile as she drew near, trying to envelop him in a hug.
Before Sherlock could answer, the door opened and Nurse Stephanie walked in, carrying a tray with what turned out to be the promised food and a small  plastic cup containing two pills. “Hello, John”, she smiled. “Dinner, easy on the stomach, and an analgesic and Diazepam for desert.” She put the tray on John's bedside table. “Eat first, pills later”, she instructed.
Sherlock sighed. He'd have to start explaining, at least a little. Facts would hopefully push through John's confusion and incipient panic attack. He put a hand on John's shoulder. “You were in the Army, John. You were an Army doctor, deployed in Afghanistan.” Sherlock realised he didn't even know exact dates and wondered briefly whether to ask Mycroft for John's file would be a breach of confidence to his friend. In the circumstances, he decided, John would probably agree it was necessary.
The other chuckles softly. “Obviously.”
“What happened this time?”
That's when he fetched up against the fourth one standing behind him, blocking his way.
“Right. Apart from the obvious, there are no outward signs of violence. No blunt trauma to the head, no gunshot wounds, no stab wounds that aren’t consistent with the dissections. I assume you found some kind of poison?”
“I don't know... Yeah, I guess I am. I'm sorry, John, I really am.” She looked as if she'd rather be anywhere else at this moment, looking for once a little helpless.
John was stunned into silence. He looked to Doctor Carlton, catching the last of the annoyed look he gave the stranger. “Yes, John”, Carlton said, “ten years and a few months, from what we can tell.”
That note John kept in his wallet for a long time before putting it in the little box where he kept all the notes. Sherlock would scoff at the sentiment if he knew, unless of course he did know and ignored it.
With a pang, Sherlock was reminded of their first meeting at Baker Street, but he shoved the sentiment aside. John didn't need Sherlock's emotional baggage right now. Sherlock could have a little break-down once John was back to his old self. Instead, he decided to follow the script.
While he walked, his mind went back on his time in the RAMC, before Afghanistan, back when he had started his training at Pirbright. He'd received the usual taunts at first, mostly about his size. He had been called “the little Doctor who wants to play soldier”, but the weeks of rough training, a few even rougher games of Rugby, and John's obvious talent at the shooting range disabused his fellow recruits of this notion. After 14 weeks at Pirbright, he had earned the grudging respect and friendship of his comrades. His first deployment went well too, though no amount of training could have prepared him for the realities of war, of working on wounded soldiers and occasionally civilians while all around him was the noise and intensity of men and women fighting, of operating under less-than-ideal conditions in huts and tents and under enormous pressure.
John nodded once and got up, taking the dirty water and blood-stained towel into the kitchen, then packing up the first-aid kit and putting it back into the bathroom. He looked at himself in the bathroom mirror while he was washing his hands. He hadn’t exaggerated when he told Sherlock that he and his sister didn’t get on. Part of him wished they could, but that was not going to happen any time soon. He dried his hands on the cleanest towel he could find, then returned to the living room to pick up his jacket.
He pulled on the jeans and, discarding the socks, slipped his feet into unknown yet comfortable shoes. The chequered button-down shirt and slate grey jumper went on likewise, while John wondered when his dress sense had become his dad's.
Carlton hesitated. He obviously feared that if freed from the restraints, John would try to leave the hospital again. While he still debated with himself, Sherlock stepped towards a chair next to John's bed and sat down, arranging his long limbs as comfortably as possible on the hospital-issue plastic. “I will stay”, he announced, brooking no argument. “You may remove the restraints, Doctor Carlton, I can promise you that John will not leave this room without me.”
“What kind of sick fuck are we dealing with here”, Lestrade said, disgust and anger clear in his voice and on his face.
“That was actually rather dramatic, the way you threw yourself in front of me, shooting Hope at the same time.”
“Nevertheless, you were late.”
John closed his eyes, thinking. “The last thing I remember is that I was out drinking with my friends. A celebratory pub crawl. We had finished our exams. We left the Drunken Duck around... ten thirty I believe? Then went to the Fab for some dancing. Mike got sick and I helped him outside. That was probably somewhere around midnight. The next thing I remember is Nurse Stephanie giving me a drink.”
Sherlock felt as if he'd been hit in the stomach. Ten years. Immediately he started calculating. Ten years meant John had forgotten his days in the Army, the deployment in Afghanistan – and his time in 221B. As glad as Sherlock was that John would be all right physically; if he didn't regain his memory, Sherlock would have lost him as surely as if he were dead.
Dear me, this one took a long time, and I'm sorry. I hope it was worth the wait.
It was Sherlock's turn to frown. “Not really. You don't like to talk about it, unfortunately. I could find out, but...”
John frowned at him in confusion. "What?" But the man didn't seem to hear him.
recognised him, even when he was on the verge of exhausted collapse or roused from sleep by a nightmare. It had become a constant in Sherlock's life, to always be known by John, and Sherlock was sure that even drugged with a sedative John would have realised who Sherlock was. But the shouts he had heard as he arrived indicated that John wasn't sure about himself, let alone his friend.
John took a deep breath to calm down. “Sherlock, look. I know things like bills and food and rent are beneath you. I know that every now and again we get spectacularly well paid for solving a case. But we don’t have what you could call a steady cash flow. We need a bit of money, and you know that we can barely make ends meet with my Army pension and however much you chip in. I’m going to have to take that job.”
“Yes”, Sherlock replied, both annoyed and glad that Mycroft had anticipated his requests. “That would be preferable.” He swallowed before adding, “Thank you, Mycroft.”
John fully agreed with his doctor's opinion, and he sighed in relief when the painkillers began to work. Carlton stuck John's chart back on the end of the bed and smiled at him. “Get some rest, Doctor Watson. We'll be back to check on you later. You're in good hands here.”
In the relative quiet that remained in their wake, John picked through the complimentary bowl of nuts on the bar, popping a few salted peanuts into his mouth and biting down on them viciously. Still, it was better than grinding his teeth.
The case. In his worry about John, Sherlock had forgotten about the case. He rallied quickly. “The victims are the same age group, and have all recently returned from a war zone, where they have been injured. You will of course have checked if there is another connection between the victims apart from that, and which doctor or clinic they have visited while in London. Or even a therapist. We know that the murderer has medical knowledge and is most likely a trained surgeon. Check all medical records of the victims, if you have not already done so. Really, Lestrade, you don't need me to do this for you.”
John raised his eyebrows. “Valium? You're giving me Valium?”
Sherlock heard someone call for Pentobarbital as he came close enough to push through the throng of nurses and patients who were gawking at the chaos surrounding John. He was dismayed by what he saw. John was clad only in a hospital gown which barely concealed his many wounds, and two nurses carefully but firmly held him by his arms. He looked panicked and furious as he struggled against their hold, shouting at the doctor in front of him, while another nurse was injecting something into John's upper arm, presumably the Pentobarbital. To Sherlock's surprise, John screamed at the feeling and increased his struggles, managing to tear himself loose from the nurses holding him, and running towards the gap in the surrounding people, straight towards Sherlock.
Maybe his week was finally looking up.
Sherlock squashed down the irrational desire to berate his brother for not telling him about John's memory loss before, since he was well aware Mycroft had been about to do just that when he had reached the hospital and interrupted their phone call. The knee-jerk reaction of fighting with his brother was time wasted which could be used to aid John's recovery.
Carlton nodded. "We can discharge you as soon as you want, into the care of Mr Holmes, your medical proxy - as soon as you are dressed, in fact. We kept the clothes you came in with of course, but I'm told they are somewhat dirty."
“Quite.”
“No, Harry.” John looked pointedly at the wine bottle. “She left you because you're a drinker. You hurt her, just like you hurt me.”
“Hello”, the man said, pushing his spectacles up his nose before handing John a plastic cup of water which he gratefully accepted. “I am Doctor Carlton. Can you tell me your name?”
John hummed noncommittally, wishing for the taxi ride to be over. Harry had been off the booze for half a year, at least that was what she had told him. Sherlock probably would have been able to reveal the lie, seeing the sick days and job cut and poor performance for what it was, but John had chosen to believe what his sister told him about her life on the few occasions that they talked. But now the air inside the taxi reeked of alcohol, making him gag, and Harry’s voice was slurred and cracking in a way that John knew only too well. Something about what Harry had said made him ask, “What happened to the other woman? The girlfriend, was she arrested too?”
“There was nothing you could have done, Johnny”, the old man wheezed. “You were needed elsewhere.” He smiled. “You're a good son, but you're a better doctor. You were needed.” John reached out to touch his father, but his hands went right though him.
The ring of John’s telephone interrupted him, and he was grateful for the interruption.
"A case, Lestrade, a case! That's how! If I can find out where John was and what he did in the last few days, maybe I can find the trigger that caused the fugue state and bring him back. Oh this is brilliant!" He turned, whipping out his phone and dialling in one swift movement. "Mycroft, I need you to trace John's phone for me." Lestrade watched as Sherlock started walking toward the hospital entrance with the restless energy of caffeine, nicotine and purpose. "Oh please don't pretend you haven't put tracking devices into our phones, I know you have. Text me when you know where it is. Oh and Mycroft..."
John was forced to agree, though he was annoyed at having the “you're a doctor so you should know”-card played on him. He didn't let his annoyance show, instead smiling at the nurse. “I am sure my medical proxy here”, he nodded towards Sherlock, “will make sure I'll be a good patient and take the pills.”
John made his way to the door, briefly thinking about finding another pub that was still open. He didn’t even know what time it was, but all things considered it was probably time to stop drinking for the evening, except for a large glass of water with an aspirin or two in the hope to take off the edge of the hangover.
John looked up. “Nothing happened...? I have no idea how I... the gun...”
John couldn't stand it any more. “But you're going to say it was a big mistake, right?”
“I’m sorry”, he apologised again. “I have a bit of a temper, always have. I didn’t mean to shout at you, Mr Hol… Sorry. Sherlock.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Sadly, no, but having seen your flying tackle, I can imagine...” He brought the tea and teacups over to the table and poured, putting a splash of milk into John's cup, and two sugars in his own. They sipped their tea in silence, lost in thought.
"Of course I'm bloody back", John shouted in return. "Where the bloody hell do you think I could go in this get-up?" He spread his arms. "Kind of draughty for street wear, this hospital gown, isn't it? I don't even have my bloody shoes!" He deflated, rubbing his hand over his eyes. "Sorry, sorry, I'm so sorry." He sat down heavily on the bed.
A softer, male voice was answering him, but John was having none of that. “Don't you fucking tell me to calm down!
“So...”
“Aah, fuck it”, he muttered, picked up his jacket and went to sit at the bar. This was, he decided, a perfect evening to get utterly wasted on.
“Please, Mr Holmes, come with me.”
John cocked his head, thinking. “I suppose I'm still a doctor, but where do I work? What is it you do? Were we friends before we moved in together, and where did we meet? Are we just friends, right, or...” He paused, then shrugged. “Or are we more?”
“Sherlock”, Mycroft said gently, hearing his brother's breathing speed up through the phone. “John is not severely injured, although he has three broken ribs and multiple lacerations. He will be alright.” He paused a moment, then added almost impressed, “From the police report, it seems that he managed to make his way out of the park where he was attacked to the street where he collapsed, even though he couldn't have been more than half conscious at the time and in severe pain.” Sherlock felt a glimmer of pride at this example of John's stubbornness.
He was lying on the grass. Harry's high-pitched voice called him. She shouted wake up, get up. He was cold. She sounded afraid. What had happened. He was lying on the grass and everything hurt. He remembered falling. Harry kept shouting at him and he was cold. He was lying on the ground and Harry was shouting. He had fallen out of a tree and everything hurt. Daddy would be furious. Harry sounded afraid. He had to get up and go home. Mommy would make the hurt go away. Make Harry stop shouting at him. Daddy had told him not to climb trees. He had climbed a tree. Peter and Mark had dared him. He climbed high on a tree. He slipped and fell. Everything hurt. It was dark. He had to get home. One more step. One more step. One more... step...
There is silence for what would be a few heartbeats, if they had hearts that beat.
“Yes, well”, Sherlock rallied. “I'll want to examine the corpse in the morgue, though I don't think there will be anything new to find.” He buried his hands in his coat pockets and started pacing. “We'll have to get this one another way. Find where he gets his supplies. As soon as you know the victim's identity let me know. As soon as you find anything at all, let me know.”
“This means”, John said slowly, “that I must have trusted you implicitly. But why you, why not my parents, or Harry?”
Next, the victims. Both male, both in the same age group. At least one a soldier, previously wounded in action. No further speculation before identity of second victim clear.
“Ow, fuckit!” Harry shouted when John dabbed a disinfectant-soaked piece of cotton wool on her grazed face.
Incisions made by scalpel, other bruises concurrent with the use of retractors of unknown type. John would know which one was commonly used in operations. John. Everything in this case pointed to a serial killer who was either very well connected to a hospital or, something even more disturbing, working in a hospital or general practice. John would be eager to find out who was thus breaking the Hippocratic Oath.
“If you're quite finished, little brother”, Mycroft's slightly irritated voice issued from the phone, “I already took the liberty of having everything arranged. I am told that the doctors can be in London within the next 24 hours and will begin assessment and treatment as soon as John has recovered sufficiently from his injuries. I suppose you would like to have him transferred to the neuroscience department at St Bartholomew's hospital?”
John frowned. Sherlock knew that he was out on a date, at least he had been, and he had made it clear that he didn't want to be disturbed. In his head, he composed a scathing reply, but his fine motor coordination was off, so he settled for a simple,
“Your opinion?” Sherlock asked impatiently. John sighed, looking questioningly at Lestrade, who simply shrugged. John crouched down beside Sherlock, focussing on the body in front of them, examining it quickly. “Time of death is hard to tell, but I don’t think he’s been dead for more than six hours. Wasn’t killed here, there’s no blood, and with cuts like these there would have been a lot.” He leaned in and carefully touched the cut on the victim’s arm, breathing out in surprise as the skin came away from the muscle underneath. Suddenly, everything made sense, but he’d have to look further to confirm his suspicion.
John frowned. “A sedative and a muscle relaxant...” Then he realised the implications of what Sherlock had said, and he recoiled in horror and disgust. “Are you…” His voice came out with a croak, and he cleared his throat before trying again. “Are you trying to tell me that Gav wasn’t dead before he was cut open? That this was a vivisection?”
“John”, said the voice, “John, you're safe. You need to wake up now. John. Can you hear me? John, wake up.”
John felt wrapped in layers of cotton wool clouds as he pushed himself towards consciousness. “Drugged”, he though, confused. “I've been drugged...” He became aware of the soft beep of a heart monitor and the faint smell of antiseptics, and he groaned. He was really making a habit out of waking up in hospital. Why was he in a hospital, he wondered, why...
Sherlock nodded. “We are friends”, he said, “and flatmates. I am also, and Doctor Carlton will confirm this, your medical proxy.”
Siobhan left her hand lying on the table for a moment, then stood up and pulled on her jacket. “I'll call you, ok?” she said. John looked up at her and saw sadness mixed with relief on her face. He nodded. Anything else would have taken too much effort.
turns up and oh I don’t know, I might have said something I shouldn’t have…” Harry trailed off and raised her bruised hand to her face. “Had a damn good left hook, that one. Then some idiot called the police, I think it was the cute one and John are you listening?”
Although his mind was sober from adrenaline, John's body was still firmly in the grip of alcohol, and even though he saw the punch coming, he could not react quickly enough to block it. Brawn's fist slammed into his stomach, knocking the wind out of him and making him double over and retch.
Every Tuesday morning, John set off with an Ikea bag full of the week’s dirty laundry, a supply of coins and a book, and would sit strangely comforted by the sounds of the machines and enjoying the chance to get immersed in a novel for a few hours without being interrupted by the demands of his irritating flatmate.
He glanced over to the hospital bed where John Watson sat looking at his hands and did his best to be patient. Forcing John to remember would only result in disaster.
had they done to him?
After he unearthed the first aid kit from the closet beneath the sink, John went into the kitchen, grabbing a clean tea towel and a bowl of warm water. He deposited everything on the living room table and sat down on the sofa next to a sprawled Harry. “Sorry I can’t do anything about that black eye”, he said, “you can probably put some ice on it to help the swelling go down faster. Will be a nice shiner, though.” Harry just grunted in acknowledgement. John shrugged and started to clean and disinfect his sister’s wounds.
Sherlock stood his ground, catching John and holding him, hoping not to hurt him. “John”, he said, trying to calm him down, “it's alright, you're safe, no-one is going to hurt you.”
“Good”, she said and went out again.
Thankful for small favours, he disinfected the wound, grimacing at the pain. He felt tired and worn out after the events of the day, and his head hurt, though he was sure he had no concussion. He grabbed a couple of Aspirin from the medicine cabinet, then went to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water. Surveying the kitchen and the various experiments Sherlock was conducting on the table, he wondered whether to find out where Sherlock was, but decided that he couldn't be bothered. In fact, he thought he would simply go to bed and try to get some hopefully dreamless sleep.
John looked up at the man who was still keeping his eyes fixed on the floor. “Seems you don't know me as well as you think, Mr Holmes.” He had tried to keep his voice neutral, but it came out sounding more bitter than he'd hoped.
Sherlock shrugged. "You insist on watching silly science-fiction and James Bond movies. You can be grumpy in the mornings before you've had your first tea. Your bedside manner could use a little work... And you have a bit of a temper."
John reminded himself again to think of the victim as precisely that, a cadaver, not Gavin his fellow soldier and patient, but it wasn’t that easy. Of course John had met death before, as a doctor, a soldier, as Sherlock’s assistant. For some reason however he couldn’t shake the growing sense of unease in this case.
There is a feeling of embarrassment. “I was sure I was right. I couldn't know that both pills were poison, or that Hope had been an escapologist in his younger days and was still able to do the fake-swallowing trick.”
And thank you for sticking around!
“Yeah, but where'd a cabbie get a gun?”
John’s hands moved above the body in familiar patterns. “The skin’s been cut very carefully”, he said, “just to under the subcutaneous tissue, and then inside to remove it from the muscle…” He looked over the man’s abdomen. “There is a cut here too, see it? From the sternum down to the pubis…” John reached out to open that cut, and groaned at what he saw. “Oh god…” He swallowed. The internal organs had been cut loose one by one from the surrounding tissue, removed, cleaned, and put back in again, as if this man had been an anatomical model.
Sherlock nodded, but John was already throwing on his jacket and walking through the door.
, was the second note,
Molly was saved from having to answer by the sound of Sherlock's phone announcing a text message. Sherlock put the spleen back into the victim's body cavity, annoyed that once again there had been no trace of anything new. He peeled off the surgical gloves he was wearing, reached into his jacket pocket and retrieved his phone. Disappointingly, the text was not from John, but from Mycroft. Sherlock opened the text with a small sigh, but was stunned into stillness when he read it.
which also touches on St Bart's the Less (good pictures too). The stained-glass window John is looking at can be seen
The Karaoke chorus spilled out of the side room, still singing with the enthusiasm of the pleasantly drunk. Apparently it didn't occur to them to keep to the same key, making up with volume what they lacked in harmony. As the proprietor locked the Karaoke room behind them, they made their way through the main pub and out the doors with boisterous repetitions of "She loves you, yeah yeah yeah! She loves you, yeah yeah yeah!"
Pain exploded behind his eyes and threw him into darkness.
There was another note though, tucked away in the breast pocket of one of his shirts. When he unfolded and read it, his knees went weak, and he had to sit down on one of the hard plastic chairs in the launderette, heart racing, trying to think. Swallowing hard, he nodded once to himself as he reached a decision. Then he was running back home, laundry forgotten, the note clutched in his fist, back to 221B, taking the stairs two at a time, opening the flat door to find Sherlock standing there, dressed immaculately in his suit, looking at John with apprehension.
“Yes, John”, Sherlock repeated, but didn't leave the bedside until John had swallowed the pills and drained the water. He took the glass and the tray of food from him, reclined the bed and helped John  lie down in a comfortable position, then sat down on the chair again.
Of course, John worried, and made Sherlock clean it, though Sherlock protested that it was an experiment.
“Siobhan”, he said at last, “is everything alright? Are you OK?”
“No”, John shouted while tears streamed over his face, “no, no
John had assumed that the stranger was another Doctor, consulted by Carlton when his speciality was needed, but the stranger shook his head. “Just Mister, John. Sherlock Holmes. And you should be proud, you taught me that technique.”
Sherlock considered. There was the case, someone John knew killed in a merciless and abhorrent manner. Harry, in jail and drunk, drunk enough to physically attack John (because although John had tried to hide it, Sherlock had seen the wine- and blood-stained clothing in the dirty laundry and noticed John touch his head and wincing). John's date must have gone horribly wrong for him to end the night drunk in a park instead. Each occurrence on its own was bad enough, but was it unusual stress to have all this happen so close together, and after a totally unnecessary fight with Sherlock, too?
Sherlock was suddenly sick of the hospital. He needed to get out immediately. Waiting for an elevator would have taken too long, so he ran down the steps and through the lobby until he burst into the street. Coffee, that was what he needed right now, coffee and a cigarette. Or ten. He hurried down the street until he found an off-licence and a coffee shop, but he couldn't go far until he was drawn back to where he knew John was lying on some table being examined. He leaned his back against the side of the hospital building in the morning sun, lit the first cigarette, inhaled deeply, then alternated a drag on the cigarette with sips of hot, bitter coffee. He did not take notice of the people walking past or their looks. He would not care what they thought about him at the best of times, and this was hardly a good time.
There is a hint of a fireplace, a suggestion of comfortable chairs, an idea of walls, ceiling, floor. The two players have been here often enough to imprint some of their preferences onto this place, make it comfortable, claim it as their own.
The atmosphere is tense, the fire burning hotly, fuelled by the anger in the room.
“You're a decorated war hero. You were shot in the shoulder, and discharged due to medical reasons. You kept your service gun, don't even ask me how. The very first day we met you saved my life with it. You're an exceptional marksman, John, and an exceptional doctor. Now come, get up. Tea's almost ready.”
Instantly, alarm bells were going off in John's mind.
“Muscle memory, possibly. Also, your subconscious must have perceived some kind of danger, and associated the gun as safety. Don't worry, that's perfectly understandable.”
“You didn’t have to leave us, you know. Join the army.”
He frowned and opened his eyes. This was no time for sentiment, it was time to get assistance. He reached into his coat for his mobile phone, and had a brief moment of satisfaction when Mycroft answered after only one ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, I can see how that would be helpful. All right then. But we will do this together, every step of the way.”
, 2001. We got our exams results yesterday and went on a pub crawl to celebrate.” He chuckled, remembering Mike trying to chat up one of the girls in the dance club they had ended up at, while he, Kirsty and Jamal had been going crazy on the dance floor.
"That's all right", John said quickly. "No offense, Doctor Carlton, but the sooner I'm out of here the better."
This was after John had watched Star Wars while Sherlock had apparently worked on his laptop.
“Hell yes I do!” protested John, stopping his pacing in the living room to look at Sherlock. “Have you seen our bills lately? Not to mention the fact that we have to take a cab everywhere because you’re too bloody impatient to use the tube. Do you even realise what they are charging these days? Dammit Sherlock, I’m talking to you!”
John frowned up at Sherlock, and Sherlock was appalled by the lack of recognition on his face. “John?” he queried softly as John started to stumble.
“Did you take the pill, then?”
Sherlock's voice was swallowed by the hospital doors. Smiling to himself at the crisis averted, Lestrade pushed himself away from the wall and went on his way back to Scotland Yard.
(If it helps, I know exactly how this ends. It's just getting there that takes a little longer...  :) )
John couldn’t help himself. “Yeah, even if I wanted to, I wouldn’t go to you for relationship advice.”
John leaned forward against one of the trees, right arm thrown across his eyes, left hand clenched into a tight fist by his side, breathing deeply, trying to get himself back under control. Despite the cool autumn air and the smells of the city, his mind was filled with the stench of blood and gunpowder, and he felt sick.
"So", he said, slipping out of his jacket and settling down on the bench opposite Siobhan, "how've you been?"
John thought about this. “Alright”, he conceded. “But what about these?” He smiled crookedly and gave the restraints a little shake. “They are rather uncomfortable, especially with the broken ribs, you know?”
They chuckle, and remember their life together. The cases, the danger and excitement, time spent apart, but always returning to one another.
That night, John didn’t get much sleep, and what sleep he had was shot through with nightmares. He was visited again by all the men and women he had saved, and those he hadn’t been able to save, all lying in a morgue, dissected, their dead eyes full of accusations.
“John. I am not going to hurt you.”
John, still crouched at the dead man’s side, moved to close the body cavity. “Someone who knows how to dissect a body”, he answered. “A medical man, probably a surgeon. You learn how to operate by dissecting corpses.” He looked over at Sherlock, who was studying the body with fascination. Probably thinking how to recreate this in the morgue, John thought. He looked back at the dead body, glancing down the legs - cut in the same way the arms were, skin flaps loose over the muscles - and up to the genitalia, when something made him hesitate.
“The most worrying is the head injury. We did a CT scan when he was brought in, and apart from a concussion and a slight swelling at the point of impact, which was to be expected, there were no other injuries or abnormalities in the brain scan. However, from what he's been telling us after he woke up, it appears that he has lost the memory of the last ten years of his life.” Carlton paused to let this sink in.
“Naah, thass fine”, John slurred. “Gonn' take a walk, clear m'head a bit.” He smiled and waved in the general direction of the barmaid. “G'night!”
John was sitting in one of the wooden pews of St Bartholomew the Less, watching the sun shine through the stained-glass windows. He liked the quiet of the little church of St Bart's. When the stresses of his studies, of his life became too much, he would come here, sit for a while, calm down and get his mind in order. Some might call it meditating; it certainly wasn't praying, regardless of what the chaplain thought - but then, St Bart's the Less was open to all, a true hospital church.
"That's my name", he said wearily. "Don't wear it out."
John nodded. “Yes, yeah, that's... that's it. So, I'll just...be on my way, alright?” He was still subtly backing away from the trio, trying to look placating and unafraid and hoping he wasn't too drunk to pull it off. And he wasn't afraid, not really – he had faced war in Afghanistan, serial killers, Chinese gangsters and Moriarty. Three drunk youths in a park were hardly the stuff of nightmares.
John dropped the note to grab both lapels of Sherlock’s jacket, tugging down until their faces were on the same height. He leaned in and very softly, very carefully kissed Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock shuddered, and after a moment’s hesitation reached out and drew John into a hug that felt as if he never wanted to let go, and that was fine with John. He felt the same way.
“Chinese”, Sherlock replied without hesitation. “Cantonese, for preference. Indian, but not too hot. Italian, though you choose pasta dishes rather than pizza. For comfort food, fish pie, with a glass of ale.” John nodded and took another bite. It didn't taste of much, but he was hungry, and these were calories he needed to get well.
Something of Sherlock's distress must have shown on his face, because Carlton hurriedly continued, “This amnesia is quite probably temporary in nature. Like I said, Dr Watson's blood alcohol level was rather high. Combined with a concussion, this may have lead to short-term memory loss. He could wake up tomorrow with all his memories intact.”
“I would think that that would be a satisfactory arrangement. Or would you prefer it if I were to be financially responsible for the groceries? After all, you are the one who actually does the shopping, that would make it an equal share, would it not?”
John considered carefully while emptying the cup of water. “I suppose I could have been in an accident of some sort”, he said, “but it feels more like I've been in a drunken bar fight...?” He looked to Doctor Carlton for confirmation, but saw only hesitation. “Doctor, please”, he said, handing the empty cup back to Carlton. “From one medical man to another. I would really like to have some answers.”
“There was a fire-fight in an abandoned settlement”, John said, his voice steady but remote. “Gav was in the advance group and was hit by a ricochet. He was in a lot of pain, but joked when I cleaned the wound, said just a little bit further left and he’d be of no more use to his girlfriend.” John swallowed. “Oh god, someone’s got to find the girlfriend and tell her…”
He had a text message from Lestrade. “Victim identified, soldier, wounded in action. Body's in Bart's morgue for you. Information to be released tomorrow.”
“How’s John?”
He can’t remember why or how he broke it. Must’ve been in a drug addled state and drunken stupor. Can’t really remember the last time he was completely sober. Or mentally stable.
Insufferable prat.
Except for John.
“Sherlock...”
He’s snapped out of his trance when he feels a strong hand gripping his forearm. Sherlock looks up to see an infuriated Victor staring down at him.
John looks towards Sherlock’s face and all he sees is emptiness.
From afar, Sherlock hears a voice.
Anyways, He reads it over again because although he’s obviously memorized the letter and every curve of John’s handiwork, the impact of seeing a physical copy hurts him greater than each permanent scar lashed onto his back.
Sherlock continues mentally berating himself and simultaneously contemplating whether or not he should head out to find his usual dealer.
Fuck.
“Fuck.” He whispers.
It has something to do with John, but John is not the one to blame.
Few more can’t hurt.
I’m scared, he thinks.
Sherlock sighs and realizes that he’s close to having a panic attack.
“I see.”
Recently, it seems as though Sherlock does not know much of anything.
It’s everything he’s ever wanted.
“How dare you, Sherlock.”
“Can’t even face me.” “Can’t even face the truth that you’re not loveable.”
Trigger warnings again (drug use and attempted suicide). Hope you’re all well. I’ve been putting off studying for writing this chapter. Still steadily working on my English skills, so feel free to comment and give constructive criticism as always.
At least he showered.
It’s quite cold and Sherlock has trouble focusing his eyes on what’s closer and what’s farther from him.
“Look at the mess you’ve made” Victor drawled with a bored expression.
“How dare you try to loop me back into your life after what you did.”
So far, nothing has been going as Sherlock had expected. He felt his mind palace go completely blank.
Contents of which he is completely familiar with. To the point of memorisation, of course.
It isn’t even about the fact that he’s gay. Sherlock has acknowledged long ago that women clearly weren’t his area.
That’s all that matters.
A gaunt, pale, malnourished individual with long matted hair that’s stuck to his forehead.
Shouldn’t all his fantasies come true?
He’s got the rest of his life.
A cold blooded, vile, broken machine.
“When you’re out of here, then John will be there to listen.”
Unworthy of love.
Hanging.
He cries and hunches over the mantel as if it is the only thing that keeps him from falling and falling.
The fact that he loves John Watson with all of his heart is what scares him the most.
“No note this time.”
The grip tightens and Sherlock feels his cuts being aggravated from the friction against his polyester shirt.
John smiles, but it’s sinister and doesn’t reach his eyes.
No matter that, John is safe and surviving.
He feels pressure on his left palm. He opens his eyes and sees a calloused hand running soft circles on his palm.
It’s hours later before Sherlock regains consciousness due to the constant vibrations of his mobile.
It’s from John.
Gosh here’s the next chapter. Honestly didn’t think anyone would care to read this. It was originally a tool for the improvement of my English skills. TRIGGER WARNING (self-harm). As always, comments and constructive criticism is always welcomed.
His left foot steps forward.
Having enough of this degenerate of a person, Sherlock takes a deep breath and loses all self control, so he punches the man over and over.
“You don’t know the first thing about me, Mr. Watson.”
With half-closed eyes, he glances at the needles littered around the hardwood floor of his flat and then promptly pulls down his gown sleeve before leaning back against the edge of his chair.
John’s hatred.
The look that Mycroft gives is cold and menacing.
It’s John.
“If I was planning on faking my death again, then why are you here looking at a disgustingly failed attempt?”
“We’re here.” John says and for once Sherlock is able to look into John’s eyes.
“Fuck” he exclaims to no one, but himself.
Beads of blood that slowly seep together.
It’s not just falling.
Sherlock laughs at this.
Glancing around Mycroft’s living room once more, Sherlock sets the letters down onto the coffee table and grabs his coat before quietly slipping into the night.
Sherlock’s  dilated pupils flick over to Mycroft’s and then leave without acknowledgement.
Sherlock promptly cleans himself up and wraps himself in a large towel.
John looks back at him, but there’s no smile.
“Have you got a list?” He says in a soothing voice.
Now that John wants Sherlock completely out of his life, Sherlock thinks that it’s for the best if he really does leave John alone permanently. He realizes that the real danger towards John is himself.
Mycroft flexes his fingers on the handle of his umbrella.
And for Sherlock, the end is the one thing that he can possess.
He mentally checks this off of the list of things to do and he nods to himself.
Sherlock feels a hand softly brush his curls and he does not know whether to lean into the hand or to remain completely still.
He closes his eyes and promises himself that it will just be for a minute or two.
Time seems to stop for Sherlock, but he senses another body that helps pull him over the railing and onto the pavement.
His eyes squint for a millisecond, as if coming to one conclusion.
This time, he’s gonna fly and the destination will be very permanent.
He goes to move his right leg.
This is it.
Mycroft continues watching his brother smoke one cigarette after another in silence.
The one that keeps everything right.
“Bend over.” Victor says softly.
“Then it’s sorted.”
Idiot. He thinks to himself. Just a bloody idiot.
He doesn’t.
Sherlock smiles at the thought.
“Pleas-”
Sherlock shuts his eyes tightly and slowly crouches down and folding into himself against the sides of the fireplace.
He’s probably dehydrated.
“I was honestly just trying to do you a favour by permanently removing myself from your life, as you so desperately want.”
“Whoring around in front of your boyfriend!?”
He drains the cup and feels more emotionally drained than he did before drinking the cold tea.
In with the golden light and fonder memories.
The man looks away.
He’s made sure that he would protect John, no matter what.
Victor tightens his grip further to pull Sherlock out of the classroom and into the nearest washroom. He locks the washroom door from the inside before pushing Sherlock into the largest cubicle.
“Deal” Sherlock gulped as he noticed John moving in closer and grabbing Sherlock’s shampoo.  “May I?”
Sherlock was just staring off into space.  He managed to speak.  “You aren’t real, please leave me in peace.”
It’s been two months since everything happened on that awful island and one month since Baker Street has been put back together, it could have been done quicker by Mycroft’s men alone, but Sherlock and John were involved in every aspect and wanted to make sure things were done right.  By the end of the month, you couldn’t tell a bomb had detonated in the flat.
He cleared his throat. “Yes fine,”  His voice cracked.
Sherlock had set up an experiment that was harmless, no chance of being hurt but just enough to make John believe that it would be safer to take extra precaution.
“You, anything just
John grabbed onto Sherlock’s arse and tried to pull him closer.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide, concerned, he didn’t want John thinking he didn’t want this, this was everything he wanted, he was just overwhelmed.
“Oh John, if it’s not to much trouble, I could use your help for a moment.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, taking a moment to respond.  “I’d like that very much John.”
Sherlock placed the order and within half an hour they were seated at the kitchen table eating while Rosie played in her highchair.  Mrs. Hudson had gone home for the evening but not before telling them how delighted she was they were finally getting on with things.
John laid the paper back to the top of the pile.  He needn’t read anymore, everything he needed to know had been stated in that first message.
“You’re scared, I get it.  So am I, but I am more scared of you not being in my life than any danger I could ever face by your side.  And if I have to, I will spend every day showing you how much you mean to me and all the good we can have together, just please don’t throw this away because you think you’re better off alone, because you really aren’t and neither am I.”
Time passed quickly and soon enough it was the holidays.  And even though it had been a short time that John had been home at Baker Street, he wanted to celebrate it properly, with the people that truly mattered to them.  They didn’t decorate, because Sherlock had always detested it, but they did have a few people over Christmas Eve – Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly and Mycroft.  It wasn’t a big to do and John didn’t even have to threaten Sherlock to behave once.  Things had definitely changed, you’d have to be blind not to see it, but no one mentioned it.  Sure he still had his moments and could be a terror at crime scenes on the few cases they had worked as a personal favour to Lestrade, but there was now a softer version of Sherlock reserved for this room of people – those who had helped him or accepted him back without any pause after disappearing for two and a half years, oblivious, they had been part of the reason he’d left, to save their lives.
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and slicked himself up.
Sherlock climbed into the shower and urged John to hurry. When he turned them around so John was under the spray of water he couldn’t help but gasp. John was even more impressive than any dream he had imagined.
“Oh if this is how you’re going to take care of me when you’re finished, I really don’t mind waiting.   Now, let me show you how much I missed you.” John growled as he pushed Sherlock down on the bed and climbed on top of him.“
John's surprised Sherlock is willing to talk.
'God, yes, don't stop, just stay...' he paused a moment trying to catch his breath, 'just not faster, least not yet.'
he screamed as he slammed the phone down and clutched the pillow tight to his chest, falling to his side, tears starting to fall, “except John.” He whispered into the otherwise silent flat.
The most cherished though were the silent perfect kisses.  When Sherlock would be at the table bent over the microscope inspecting a slide and he would feel a whisper soft brush of lips against his neck and a warm feeling flooding his stomach and a shiver running down his spine while a smile formed on both their faces. Or when Sherlock would sneak up behind John who was sat in his chair reading his paper, novel or medical journal, maybe even typing up their latest case.
Sherlock hummed, “both,” he hooked his leg around John’s and flipped them, “you can get me ready like this and then we can switch again.”
He gently placed his fingertips on the back of John’s neck and slightly guided his head forward and began to work the muscles in his neck with his nimble fingertips, being careful not to cause any pain, but to relieve what pain he had.
Before John could even finish his thought, Sherlock’s face had gone completely blank, the mask back up.  The mask that had John hadn’t seen since he returned to Baker Street all those months ago.  The entire evening had faded, like it hadn’t even taken place.  Sherlock had withdrawn his hands from John’s, stood, put his coat on and left without a single word, leaving John confused, hurt and stunned.
Sherlock could feel the mood in the air, he hung up his coat and took his seat opposite John.
“It’s alright, Mycroft’s men can pack all of it and take it to a consignment shop and deal with it, you only have to deal with what you want, ok?” Sherlock reassured him and brushed away the tears on his cheeks.
John had been looking at his feet mostly when he spoke and he now risked a glance at Sherlock, who had now crossed his legs and steepled his fingers under his chin.  He was still present in their conversation, but not saying much.
still general rating, but there may be more coming, we will see, watch the tags and the rating will change at some point.
“How about some Thai, I haven’t had a good curry in a while.”
How about I help you finish this and then we can do this some more, all of the sudden, I’m not in the mood for tea.  I want to explore those plush lips some more.”
“So, would you like to talk?” he queried.
I'm back!  Kudos and comments are appreciated as always.  Hope you enjoy!
Sherlock opened his arms and met John halfway and pulled him into his arms.  He rolled to his back and pulled John onto his chest.  He ran his fingers through John’s short hair.  “Everything’s going to work out fine, you’ll see.  This is just the first step – the healing.  We just need to be open with each other and tell each other what we want.  All I want is to see you happy.” He kissed John’s forehead.
“That is a solid deduction yes, I give you that, but do you know what it makes me want to do to you though?” John murmured into his ear, voice pitched dangerously low as he began to roll his hips against Sherlock’s body searching out for more friction.  “It makes me want to own you Sherlock, every bit of you.”
“I SAID NO SHERLOCK NOW LEAVE ME ALONE”
Sherlock's anger evaporated and he hung his head. "That's the worst thing about it", he whispered. "I look at him and I see John who ... who is my
John groaned and buried his head in his hands. “Understandable? Sherlock, who am I that I think a gun makes me safe?”
Harry actually giggled at that. “Of course he’s yours. I read your blog, you know. He’s all over you. I know the signs. You two act like a married couple, all that’s missing is the vows. Why don’t you take him up on it, get a little action going.”
“Hold still”, John admonished. “It will just hurt more if you move while I do this. Don’t want to poke you in the eye.”
“I would very much like to avoid that, John.” Carlton put down the paper cup and drew himself up, assuming a posture John knew very well – it was the pose of a doctor who was going to deliver bad news.
The man perked up, wide eyes shining with hope. “I fainted at you, didn't I”, John continued, and the hope was extinguished. Curious. “Sorry about that, but my doctor here thought I needed to be taken out. Going to do that again, Doc?” he said to Carlton.
“Don't worry, Johnny”, his father said. “I'm alright now. Go, do your job. I'm proud of you.” He closed his eyes and sighed, then lay still.
There will be more chapters; don't ask me when.
“Stop it, Sherlock”, John interrupted. “Just…” He ran a hand over his eyes. “Christ. He was alive. Did you find any kind of analgesic, something that would have spared him the pain?” he asked hopefully.
“God thank you for getting me out of that police station, that cell was damn uncomfortable and there was this other guy total creep, ow! Yeah, yeah, I know. That guy was totally rude, he was, you know,
Sherlock grinned briefly. “No”, he replied, “it's mine. An old friend.”
. He does not remember me. He is not even the man I met. He does not remember having been to war, having been a soldier, that his parents died, that his sister is an alcoholic, nothing. Nothing, Lestrade! He is a completely different man, and the John Watson you and I know might as well be dead for all the good this... this
“Oi, wanker! I'm talking to you!”, the largest, brawniest of the trio said, waving his can at John who swayed in place a bit, trying to decide on the best course of action.
John huffed a laugh. “I might want to borrow your coat again”, he said, “I like the way it smells...”
“Shit, man!” screamed Brawn. “You fucking wanker!” In the corner of his mind not currently looking for a way out, John mused that the quality of Brawn's curses were highly repetitive, but more important was that here was his chance. Brawn was trying to wipe the worst off his clothes, while the other two made disgusted noises and offered crumpled paper tissues. No-one seemed to mind him for a few precious seconds. He picked a direction to run in, gathered himself quickly and was about to make his move when strong hands grabbed his upper arms.
Sherlock froze, then cocked his head and looked up at Lestrade, who raised his eyebrows in confusion at the sudden change in Sherlock. His eyes were bright, there was a grin spreading across his face, and for a second Lestrade feared the man was going to kiss him. Instead Sherlock took a step back and said in a dry voice that belied his grin, "Sometimes, Detective Inspector, you do display moments of intelligence."
He should not have been surprised to find his sister in the kitchen with a glass of red wine in one hand, a bottle in the other, and a completely changed mood.
“Right, John”, Carlton said after he raised the bed so that John was in a sitting position. He poured some water into a paper cup and held it to John's lips. John swallowed greedily, then relaxed again. “Are you ready to listen now, or do you want to rant and rave some more?”
Doctor Carlton looked over John's chart again and sighed. “Alright, then. You were found on Barnsbury Road just outside the gates to Barnard Park, battered and bleeding, with no wallet, phone or other identifying object on you. You have three broken ribs, multiple bruises, cuts and lacerations consistent with being beaten and kicked, so we assume you were mugged and then assaulted. There was no internal bleeding and all your organs check out fine, so I guess you were lucky. You had quite a lot of alcohol in your bloodstream, so we do know you were out drinking. You have a head injury – someone kicked you in the head, from what it looks like – hence our worry that you had a traumatic brain injury, and we will continue to monitor. Although to be honest, it doesn't seem to me that you exhibit many symptoms of brain injury.”
He hit “send”, then turned the phone off and tucked it away in his jacket. He didn't feel like giggling any more as he took another gulp of ale.
John felt the warmth of sunshine on his face and he smiled, eyes closed. He was wonderfully comfortable and relaxed, and only when he started to sigh with contentment, his broken ribs made themselves known, and he remembered where he was. He chuckled ruefully. He had not planned to spend the first days of his break after finishing his studies back in a hospital, but Carlton had been right: It could have been much worse. John only hoped that he would heal well enough in time to get a few days off to spend with his parents before having to go back to start his residency.
“As I said, rather dramatic.”
“What?”
The other hums, a deep, rumbling sound, and smiles affectionately.
A few minutes later, the mobile buzzed again.
at me! This isn't me!”
Previously:
They spend the rest of the time out in silence.
“Your therapist certainly thinks so”, Sherlock answered. “You have... had... occasional nightmares, but from what I could observe, you don't have any other symptoms associated with PTSD. If anything, you thrive on danger and adrenaline.”
… but knowledge hurt, knowledge was blood and pain and failure, and so John Watson fled, hiding in his safe place, while somewhere in his mind a man was laughing at the pain of others.
“I was in the wrong sodding building!”
In that instant, John felt a kick in his shoulder, flinging him backwards into the dusty ground, gunshots zinging all around him, while someone shouted, “Watson!” He was being dragged out of the danger zone while pain flared in his body making him wish he could pass out, knowing that if he did he might not wake up again. He looked up into the brightness of the sun and saw in its centre a blue ring and an Aesculap staff, and he tried pointing this out to Murray as he was carried to shelter and laid down, ready for evacuation. John frowned at the laughter he heard; not his own, certainly, but somehow familiar nevertheless. Laughter that spoke of delight in pain, and of the knowledge of how to cause it and prolong it. John shivered, couldn't stop shivering, pulled himself to his feet and started running, away from the laughter and pain, from the death of his father, of his mother, away from hurting and hurtful Harriet, away from the war and the wounded. There were church bells in the distance and he turned towards the sound, running until he reached a tall, thorny hedge. He found a hole in the brambles and pushed himself through. On the other side was a cool, shady hollow, sheltered by an old wall to one side and a tree by the other. It felt safe there, a place where he could hide from everything that caused him pain. He curled up, breathing heavily. A warm, gentle, trusted voice spoke to him, called him by his name.
John shouted at the nurse who came in to check on him to make sure he wasn't having a heart attack. He shouted some more at her retreating back, then shouted and cursed when the doctor who had visited him earlier came into the room followed by a tall, black-haired man slightly older than himself. The black-haired man did not come into the room, but stood just inside the door close to the wall, watching John intently. Doctor Carlton studiously ignored John's outbursts, instead checking on the monitors and John's chart, until John had shouted himself hoarse and his wrists hurt from struggling against the cuffs. He flopped back onto the bed, defeated.
“So he would probably have bled out”, John continued, his voice surprisingly steady. “Either that, or he could have suffocated when his diaphragm was paralysed…”
If looks could kill, Carlton would have needed a coffin. “You could always sedate me again”, John said bitterly. The man at the door snorted at that, and John looked across the room at him. He could see him much better now that he was sitting up, and he frowned. “Hey”, he said, “I know you.”
Sherlock let his hand drop and laughed once, humourlessly. “Yes, you do. I know.”
Every Tuesday without fail, John would go and do his laundry. He had found through trial and error that Tuesdays were when the launderette was least busy. Families and weekday workers did their washing on the weekend, and weekend revellers were in on Mondays, trying to get rid of the stains and remains of their partying. Tuesdays were calm in the launderette.
“I don't think that will be necessary, Doctor Carlton. I'd rather stay with John, if you don't mind.”
Sherlock was making tea on automatic while his mind was busy making plans. As soon as he had the information of the whereabouts of John's phone from Mycroft, he could start the search and reconstruction of the events leading to John's memory loss, find out what happened to John. If this was indeed a fugue state – and all indications were positive – he could hopefully find the trigger to return John's memory. He did not even entertain the thought that it wouldn't work. It had to work. Lestrade was right, John had “stepped out”, but Sherlock was sure he could bring his friend back. If he couldn't... No. And for now, until John, his John was back, he had to support the man John used to be, the man he was now, as best he could.
John looked away and shook his head. “It’s ok, Sherlock. I’ll be alright. You just… Go back to the case, find the bastard who did this. I’ll…” He took a deep breath to stop himself shaking, or worse. He felt like he might throw up at any moment. “I think I’ll just take a walk.” He nodded stiffly, then drew himself up from where he had been leaning against the tree. “I’ll see you later, yeah?” Without waiting for an answer, he turned away from Sherlock, from the crime scene, from Gavin, and started walking, not knowing where but needing the distance and time to think.
, he thought distractedly,
That was almost laughably easy. He would never forget this date. “June 16
“I'm still surprised we made it that far for once. Considering all those other end games.”
Seconds later, he was standing in the kitchen where Sherlock was busy making tea.
“That was a real gun, then.”
A week later, there was a note again.
The Rose & Crown wasn't exactly close to Baker Street, but he was right about not wanting a taxi. The thought of being in a moving vehicle, be it a cab, bus or heaven forbid the tube, made him squeamish, and he swallowed again to keep the nausea at bay. No, he would walk until he felt a bit more like himself, and then he would probably get a cab for the rest of the way, depending on how far it was. He looked around, trying to get his bearings, and he noticed the faint glow of the moon above the constant lights of the city.
Sherlock's mind was racing. John was a fighter and knew how to defend himself. That someone was able to harm him enough to render him unconscious and put him in hospital was unthinkable, yet it had happened. Had he been too distracted by Sherlock's message? When was he attacked? How many...
"So there is no further reason to keep John here", Sherlock butted in. John looked at him gratefully. "Yes", he said, "he's right. I don't need to be in hospital for cuts and bruises, and broken ribs will heal by themselves. As a fully qualified doctor, I can care for the injuries myself. Minimal discharge, Doctor?"
Sherlock frowned. “Why would things not be alright?”
She lowered the pen light and smiled at him. “Can you tell me your name?”
“I really am sorry”, Siobhan said again, then turned and walked out of the pub, closely followed by the hen night party who had warmed up enough to begin their pub crawl.
“Empty notes, Sherlock? What do you want me to deduce from them?”
John was lying with his head in a magnet, the deafening whistles, thrums and knocks of the MRI scanner in his ears. The sleek machine with LED lights and soft buttons was a far cry from the sort of thing he was used to, but he supposed that if the story Carlton and Holmes had told him was true, it would tally with a ten-year advance in medical engineering. He wondered idly as the machine was taking pictures whether the next thing they'd say is that a cure for the common cold had been found.
“Right, so, cut the crap, Doctor Carlton.” John let his continuing anger at being sedated and tied down show. “I've had a bang on the head. What did it do to me.”
John nodded, closed his eyes, and let the pills do their work.
Harry blushed and looked away, saying with a mixture of drunken pride and embarrassment, “She’s in hospital.”
Sherlock leaned forward. “He will regain his memories though?”
With a frustrated huff, he tossed the notebook back into the drawer, closed it and opened the next. He froze.
He looked up when he heard someone come in, and he instantly knew that the thin, grey-haired man was a fellow doctor. Good. He was finally going to get some answers.
Of course, Sherlock knew about this. He always seemed to know about John’s habits, regardless of whether he saw them or not. So Sherlock had developed a habit of his own. He would put small handwritten notes into the pockets of John’s trousers.
“Aaah shut up Johnny”, Harry sneered, “What do you know of hurt!”
"Sure", she replied, and John went to fetch the drinks. He elbowed his way to the bar through a gaggle of young women out on a hen night, earning some good-natured ribbing and laughter. Soon, he returned to the booth, a gin and tonic for Siobhan in one hand, a pint of lager for himself in the other, and a grin on his face.
John raised an eyebrow, then shook his head. “Tell me later”, he said. “I need a shower and some clean clothes.”
But stranger was the Tuesday after that. There was a piece of paper in John’s trouser pocket, the same paper that Sherlock usually used when leaving John notes, but although it was carefully folded, it was empty. Thinking that perhaps Sherlock was using an invisible ink just to annoy him, John dredged up all his childhood memories of how to make invisible ink visible, but none of his efforts were successful. The paper was empty, as was the next one.
“At four o'clock?” interrupted Sherlock. “Why didn't you tell me sooner?”
, and he looks at me and he does not recognise me, and I don't know what to do about it."
“As long as I have.”  John answered back.
As he lay there on the pavement trying not to move the guilt began to wash over him, he almost allowed it to make him spring up and take John’s face in his hands and make his eyes see that he was indeed ok and that this was just a sick game he had been playing, he knew he couldn’t and guilt racked him, for if he did, it would mean a bullet to the head for John and game over for Sherlock and that was unacceptable.  So in the end, he played ‘dead’ and the moments ticked by for what seemed like forever until Mycroft’s men placed him on a stretcher and rushed his body away from John and everything he cared about in this world.  John would now be safe until Sherlock could finish the mission.
“Seems I need to make it a point to find time to take better care of you when I’m on a case.”  Sherlock stated when they finally parted.
As always comments and kudos are appreciated. Thank you.
Sherlock grinned, "Don’t stop now.  Keep going John, longer, firmer strokes,  all the way to the base.” Sherlock paused, waiting for John to comply.  "Good, now cup your balls, just like that.  Play with them.  God John look at you, so hard, so flushed.  Do you always get this way when you touch yourself and I’m not here?  Or is it just when I’m here to watch?  Do you like it when I watch and tell you what to do?“   Sherlock licked up John’s neck now, causing a hitch in his breath.
“You already do,” Sherlock whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
John, I ultimately destroy everything I touch and you of all people should know that quite well.  Look at what I did when I thought I was protecting you from Moriarty.  We’ve never addressed it and we should have, but you came back and never demanded any answer or that we talk of it and I was afraid to ask even though I knew I should.  I was just so happy to have you back that I didn’t care why or what repercussions could come later from it.  I promised myself from that point on that I would be a better man and made a vow to myself to strive to be the man you always said I could be.  I tried.  I really did and things were wonderful, more than I could have ever hoped for or imagined they could be and then tonight, reality reared its ugly head reminding me it was all just a pipe dream, something that I could never have.  Happiness is a right reserved for other people, not for an obnoxious, arrogant, freak such as myself.
John looked shocked that it didn’t take Sherlock to offer and just then Angelo had returned with their meals.  “Is everything ok boys?”
John was surprised, Sherlock had finally figured it out, maybe there was a chance after all.
Sherlock looked at John, “Would you like to come along?”
John blushed, “I didn’t know I’m sorry.”
Lestrade looked at Sherlock mouth a gape, “but this was a beer barrel rolling contest for God’s sake.”
He looked at the clock and decided he had plenty of time, John had a shift until three this afternoon and it was only half ten, plenty of time to get acquainted with the new toy. He pulled the toy from the box, unwrapped it and read over the instructions:
Ten wonderful years.  So it should not have been surprised when I woke on the morning of my seventeenth birthday to find him missing.  I searched the house top to bottom and the entire snow covered grounds and could not find him.
John smiled, “You don’t have to ask me twice.”  John took his hand and they wandered down the hall and got ready for bed.
John shook his head.  “I don’t know what I’d have done if anything happened to you because of me.  Sherlock, I was terrible to you.  How can you just forgive me and move on like we have?”
“That’s for earlier you prat,” John smirked as he began to slowly roll his hips, Sherlock’s hands finding John’s waist and gently grasping them, his head laying back on sofa openly moaning John’s name.
“Right you are then, so about 9 at our place then?”  He said giving her a quick kiss on the check.  “I’ll go get everything ready.”
“Believe me John, you’ll be most pleased with all of the extra room.”
“What in the hell is going on?” Lestrade asked, “Why is it so backed up to get into the town?”
Sherlock tilted his head confused, “I don’t…why…”
He couldn’t help but let out a small laugh.
Angelo returned and noticed the untouched dessert as well as a missing Sherlock and a distraught John.
“Only if you want, I know you don’t need the same amount of sleep as the rest of us mere mortals.”
He was wearing that damn purple shirt and John just couldn’t help but stare. He got up and quietly moved behind Sherlock and tried to get something from the cupboard above Sherlock’s head.  He know he had no chance of reaching it and he inched closer until he was pressing up against Sherlock’s back, and he felt Sherlock stop all movement.  John smiled, this was almost better than he could have hoped for.  He stood on his tiptoes and reached up failing to reach the cupboard and he felt Sherlock’s breath hitch.
“Phase two, I’m going to drop my hand lower now, touching or no?” John questioned, he wasn’t about to push Sherlock into something he didn’t want to do.
“But you’ve seemed to do it.  How?”
Sherlock smirked and smiled against his skin. “I love this John, and I love you and I can’t believe all my dreams are coming true. If this is a dream, please don’t wake me up.”
John cleared his throat, “that sounds doable.  I was thinking I’ll have to call a relator to put it on the market.  It’s senseless to keep it if we’re going to be living here.”
It was nearing seven when they finally finished.  John was starving.  As if Sherlock read his mind, “shall we order some takeaway?”
“Is..is there something you need John?” Sherlock asked trying to keep his voice smooth and calm.
When he was finally finished and came back to his senses Sherlock pulled off and turned around and kissed John deeply, “That was amazing and then he plopped down onto John’s chest with a smile on his face.  “We can take a shower after we rest a bit. I would very much like it for you to hold me now.
‘Sherlock, it's my first time too, when we started to get serious, I thought it best to plan ahead. Just in case, I never wanted to be put in a position where I’d disappoint you because I wasn’t prepared.'
Sherlock was absolutely speechless and John had the biggest smile on his face.
“What did you have in mind?”
‘Please.’
Normally, I could block out their childish behavior, for that’s all it was, that’s all they were – selfish, self-centered bullies.  In the end they had been relentless and tireless in their shenanigans and by lunch there had been a fight and Mummy had been called into the school.  Instead of sending me back after she’d heard what the headmaster had to say, she dismissed his frivolous accusations how I had entirely brought this upon myself and she demanded that the other boys who had started the fights be punished or she would use all her influence to make his tenure as headmaster end swiftly and remembered for what it was, a useless era in the school’s flawless history.  She also made it very clear that he impressed upon the rest of students and staff that if anything like this ever occurred again, the would rue the day they messed with the Holmes family.  All he did was nod and he didn’t even object when she pulled me from school the rest of the day.
“That’s all I ask Sherlock, that’s all I’ve ever asked of you.”  John said, relief flooding through his voice now.
He leaned in and licked Sherlock’s lips and murmured against them, “Please.”
“Ok first off this is only if you’re comfortable with it, I’m pretty sure none of them will say anything to anyone including each other because in the morning we just act normal and they’ll think it was the alcohol playing tricks on their mind, once one of them hear, they’ll all three think something’s going on – power of suggestion.”
“You aren’t dreaming,” John said placing his hand on Sherlock’s, “I’m back and I’m here to stay.”
“I’ll be up shortly dear.” she said as she turned to go back into her apartment to finish getting ready.
It may have taken several minutes more than anticipated, but soon they were on their way walking to Angelo’s since the evening was mild.  Sherlock could tell John was a bit apprehensive leaving Rosie alone for the evening since this had been the first time he’d ever done so outside of work or a case.  Sherlock guessed he didn’t want to make it a habit, yet he knew John needed some time away just for him.
“John, I want to feel you inside me, John. Please.” Sherlock panted.
Sherlock gasped in surprised as their bodies slotted together almost perfectly and John spread his legs causing them to shift and their growing erections to brush together. They both moaned.
“Jesus John,” Sherlock reached down to card his fingers through John’s hair.
“Sherlock.” John moved closer and crouched in front of him noticing the puffiness of his eyes and the tears that stained his cheeks.
Donovan chuckled, “just a few more moments, I want to see if this is real or if they’re just messing with us.”
Sherlock waved his hand, “We have all the time in the world to figure it out, plus if we need to enlist the British government, we have Mycroft.  Our friends will be delirious, they’ve think we’ve been shagging for years, they probably assumed your marriage was a midlife crisis, and Mrs. Hudson will be over the moon.  Now let’s enjoy our first night out as a couple.”
John had almost forgotten to tell Sherlock, “yes, Miss Whitson called.  She sold the flat today and got the price we were asking for, so I’m officially out of debt.”
He continued on, talking to her like they were having a conversation, “Do you like it here Rosie?  What would you think about it becoming your home?”  Rosie gurgled and clapped her hands together.
“Don’t worry John, just trying to get you more comfortable and my bedroom is closer and besides, I don’t think the steps would be good for your leg anyway. John didn’t really protest Sherlock had a valid point and honestly he didn’t think he could make it up the stairs.
Sherlock grinned, “that’s great John, you’ll have to give me the information so I can add to it.”
It seemed like all the air in the tent disappeared, making Sherlock suck in a breath, unable to believe the words John Watson had just said into his ear as his fingers still danced on his stomach.
Sherlock shook his head, he couldn’t speak.
They fell asleep rather quickly and held each other all night long.  Sherlock was the first to rouse in the morning, judging from the light outside it was about six.  He was happy to see John sleeping so soundly.  He looked more rested than he had in the previous weeks.  Sherlock quietly slipped out of John’s arm and headed to the loo to take a quick shower to get ready before Rosie woke up.  He wanted to give John a chance to sleep in.  It was a luxury he didn’t get often and Sherlock wanted to provide him with the chance.
Sherlock hesitated just long enough for John to understand. “No, there wasn’t, was there”, he answered his own question. Shuddering, John closed his eyes. There was a fear every doctor shared, a fear that their patient, even though anaesthetised, was aware and feeling everything, unable to move or to cry for help. To do this on purpose was unthinkable, yet someone had done precisely that, and done it to kill.
“He might have been”, Sherlock conceded eventually. “You suspect a fugue state?”
Sometimes, they arrive at the same time.
“Hey there brother, care to join me for a thank-you drink?” Harry grinned and took a gulp of wine. She laughed and made a few clumsy dance-steps, the wine in her glass sloshing dangerously. “I feel like a party! I’ve just got paid, and don’t have to go to work tomorrow! Come on, Johnny, don’t be such a stick-in-the-mud!”
As soon as Sherlock had decided that, he fell asleep where he lay on the sofa.
“He's dead, Johnny”, Harriet said behind him. “He died while you were away getting shot at. As usual, you were no help at all.” John turned around and saw that he was standing in Harry's flat. Harry was sitting on her white leather sofa, one arm around Clara and a wine bottle in her other hand. “It was the same when mum died, remember? No help at all.” She hiccuped. Clara looked at her with thinly veiled disgust, then peeled Harry's arm off of her and vanished.
“He was mugged, Sherlock”, Mycroft repeated patiently. “His wallet and phone were taken, and the doctors had to wait for him to regain consciousness to establish his identity.”
Harry turned, pulling his hand away from where he was applying the final bandages, and narrowed her eyes. “That was low, Johnny”, she growled. “Very low. Thank you for getting me out of the cell, thank you for fixing me up, but I think you’d better leave now.”
John was glad when the MRI was powered down, interrupting his thoughts, and the board he was lying on started to slide out of the torus. A nurse rushed to help him back into the wheelchair when he struggled to stand. John resented her, and the wheelchair, and the whole hospital, but he made himself smile and sit down in the hated contraption so the nurse could wheel him back into his room and, presumably, put him back to bed.
“Enjoying Sunday with his date, I assume”, Sherlock answered absent-mindedly while carefully handling the victim's spleen, looking for anything that seemed like a clue. When Molly remained silent, he looked up at her questioningly.
Sherlock nodded. “Very well”, he said, took off his coat and held it out to John. “Here, use mine. It's cold outside.”
“Eat your dinner”, Sherlock replied instead, “there's time for talk later.”
There was no note that Tuesday. John did his best to squash his disappointment. Sherlock must have gotten bored with this little game, and John couldn’t exactly demand that Sherlock leave him notes again.
“I don't think that's necessary, John.”
Of course, it turned out to be far easier said than done, as there was a lot of paperwork to be gone through first to get John discharged. Once he had signed all the necessary forms, glad that he could at least remember his name, John was left alone in his room. He stripped off the hospital gown, crumpled it into a ball and threw it onto the bed, glad to be rid of it. Now naked, he upended the bag containing what were supposedly his clothes and stood looking at them, feeling for all the world like he'd been given a random Oxfam bag. He eyed the underpants suspiciously and decided against them. It wouldn't be the first time he went commando, and putting on what seemed like another man's worn pants just seemed wrong.
When he returned to his seat and his drink, John felt the mobile in his jacket pocket vibrate. Getting it out of his pocket with clumsy fingers, still giggling, he found that he'd had a text message from Sherlock.
“Sleep well, John”, he said then. “I'll be here.”
“Yes I am, he’s not mine, and it’s none of your business”, John replied curtly.
Sherlock nodded curtly. “He is my friend. We have been sharing a flat for some time now. What is wrong with him?”
Sherlock could hear Lestrade swallow before he asked, “How much?” Sherlock couldn't reply immediately, as if telling Lestrade would make everything real, set in stone, and it wasn't, it couldn't be, John would regain his memories, there was no way... “Sherlock. Talk to me. How much of his memories did he lose?”
“I did and still love you, even if I didn’t want to for your sake.”
“You were really going to do this to me again?”
“John has made it absolutely clear that he wants nothing to do with me. He’d... He’d rather have anyone, but me. “
Imaginary John should be showering him in hugs and kisses.
The door to his cubicle suddenly opens and John stands there shocked.
Has it finally happened?
Instead he’s here sitting in a plastic chair with disheveled hair and furrowed brows adorned by heavy eye bags.
Hatred.
Of course it’s fucking John, it has always been John Watson. He’s the one that keeps Sherlock right.
He flips through his wallet and spends it all on equal parts cocaine and heroin. Sherlock is able to administer the product into his system and he feels even better.
“My problem?” Victor hisses.
It’s difficult to keep track of time, but it is the early stages of dawn when Sherlock stumbles back up the steps of his flat.
“Fuck, no.” He laughs.
There’s a frown.
“I didn’t know what to do anymore because my baby brother hates himself so much that he keeps attempting to commit suicide.”
Mycroft holds Sherlock’s hand and runs circles with his thumb on the palm.
“Shouldn’t you know?” Sherlock asks in an accusing tone.
Later.
Victor continuously pulls out and slams back in.
He turns around to see if Mycroft is still there.
“I thought that the only way to save you is to find the one who you find solace in.”
And then cosmic darkness.
Sherlock takes in a shuddering breath.
“Well of course I told John.” Mycroft says in exasperation.
Sherlock’s eyes widen.
Again, he has no clue what year, month, or day it is, nonetheless the time.
Sherlock would risk his life over and over just to protect John.
Now that’s the rub.
White noise.
“All of this was for you.”
He crinkles his nose before responding.
Mycroft flicks his gaze over Sherlock’s crumpled form, taking in every detail and scar littered on his forearms.
He receives a few hard kicks to his ribs, but at this point, he’s too exhausted to care.
“All you’ve done is hurt and hurt and hurt.”
Replacing his dressing gown with a large hooded sweatshirt, Sherlock trudges down the steps of 221B and opens the door for the first time in months.
“Sherlock, it’s been two months since you’ve left the E.R and since then, you’ve attempted to commit suicide three times in my home.”
That wouldn’t be too bad, if he really thinks about it.
He’s not even sure if he wants to.
Upon the last word, Sherlock makes eye contact and Mycroft finally sees a crack in the walls that his baby brother had put up in order to protect himself.
A distinct aftershave.
The only way to make everything right.
Because if it is, then I’d rather die.
Turning to flick on the shower, Sherlock sheds his filthy clothes and they pile onto the floor.
John is speechless, but he realizes that he has to do something to help the poor boy in front of him.
And numb.
“You told John.”
If so, then why does John look so upset.
He looks up again.
Sherlock also does not notice the fact that Victor has been watching him the entire time.
The whole flat is quiet. This would have been nice in another circumstance and another time, Mycroft thinks. It’s all too damaged now. He can continue watching his brother from afar and collecting lists from a non coherent Sherlock, but anything else will not be accepted and it is difficult to know whether any of this is repairable.
What kind of afterlife is this? Sherlock thinks.
Time flies by much faster than Sherlock had anticipated. He is left wanting more time with his new teacher, so he puts his books away slowly, savouring every moment near Mr. Watson.
He slept for 30 minutes.
“Stop it right now, whatever you’re thinking.”
“But you leave me no choice.” Victor cuts in.
Before Sherlock is able to respond, he is forcefully pushed over and he grapples onto the toilet seat for balance.
Sherlock closes his eyes.
Pulling his arm away, Sherlock hides it under the covers from John.
Sherlock sees slow flashing lights arriving and it all bleeds together in a beautiful harmony.
It also seems as though it’s past midnight.
“Before we begin, I believe that we have a new student here today.” He says while he scans the class, looking for an unfamiliar face.
John is everything to Sherlock.
He thinks back to the memories that he shared with Mary and John.
“I hope you all have had a wonderful long weekend.” He continues.
Mycroft tilts his head to the left and tightly smiles.
Oh fuck this man for all his kindness, Sherlock thinks. Why is he so nice to me? Maybe he just wants sex. Maybe I’m just nothing but a tool to be used. Even so, it’s better than being alone.
He gets punished.
“I truly wish that I am the man that you think I am... A machine, because then I wouldn’t have to think about ending my life all the fucking time.”
“Secondly, no one can possibly make me do anything.”
And although it is impossible to own someone, he can’t even have him within his grasp. Sherlock doesn’t even mind pining from afar.
What a despicable choice because it is utterly idiotic to put value on something that is absolutely worthless.
“John is probably waiti-“
His star.
“You’re nothing.” He says to the man.
After two minutes, Sherlock is back at his desk and timidly smiles at his boyfriend.
“Every single thing that put my life in jeopardy was all to protect you.”
Or even touch.
He closes his eyes.
The brightest of all constellations.
“I hate you so much.” Sherlock whispers.
He chooses the latter because he fears that moving at all will anger Victor further. He feels trapped, like an animal in a cage.
Well...
And that scares him as well.
John is alright and he will eventually be much better.
1 missed call from Mycroft.
“I want to be alone, now. Please.”
He also decides to do this in the event of “accidentally” overdosing and accidentally “committing” suicide, at least he’d look and smell less like a dead corpse when someone finally finds him.
“John could probably use some help, you know, since he currently has no help for his little spawn.”
Maybe a stroll across the bridge and then “accidentally” falling into the Thames.
“Peace treaty missions always take a toll, especially when one is constantly worrying over the wellbeing of ones own brother.“
“I don’t want you to see me like this.” Sherlock hides his face.
John can’t help, but feel like the room temperature is decreasing.
Usually it’s just verbal abuse and a slap on the wrist.
He’s unworthy of that label, Sherlock thinks.
Sherlock loves John.
It takes a while for his eyes to adjust to the lighting and his surroundings. When he does, he attempts to pull himself up off the ground and breaks a few of his nails in the process.
“Whatever you wish, but do leave me a list. Brother.” He nods and makes his way down the steps.
“Wh-what?  I’m not quite sure I understand what I hope you mean.”
“Why would she John?  She’s the one that suggested it.”
Sherlock leaned forward, mouthing at John’s neck and pulse point, eyes fixed on John’s hand.
“That’s a good idea, then why don’t you go have your shower a while and then I’ll take a quick one.”
“I know John and I guess the fault lies with me because I should have brought it up sooner.”
“Yes, remind me on the way home to stop and pick her up a bouquet of flowers.”
“Mine is closer..” Sherlock pointed out raising his eyebrow hoping John would agree.  He'd spent many nights dreaming of having John in his bed and now it seemed fantasy was about to become reality.
“Oops, seem I miscalculated a bit.”
Sherlock smiled and nodded and in the meantime, Angelo had returned with the garlic bread and the wine.  He filled both their glasses.  “I see you two are out without Miss Rosie, she’s doing well I take it?”
Sherlock nudged his finger into his knuckle then pulled out slowly and John hissed.
Sherlock picked the spot where he and John would be staying and then showed Anderson and Donovan where they’d be staying.
They received their normal greeting at Angelo’s – “Sherlock, John, let me take you to your table.” Angelo announced to the whole restaurant and all eyes were on them. John felt a bit self-conscious, it had been so long since he’d been out without a baby in tow.
“And what if you come whilst I remove them?”  John asked
“Well just by quickly glancing around, this place should be easy to move in a short amount of time.  It’s got an updated kitchen and it’s in a good location, close to schools.  Perfect starter home for a family with three bedrooms and two loos.”
John blushed, Angelo of course was treating this like a date and the hallmark candle was even in place and lit, when did that happen? “Shall I bring you to the usual or something new tonight?”
‘No!’ he said half panicked, ‘I don’t want to stop, ever! I just, I want to feel you inside me, but...’
John put his fingers under Sherlock’s chin and lifted so their eyes met, “It has been for me too, we will just go slowly and let things happen naturally as they should. Once we start I’m sure we won’t have any problems.”
“Yes,” Sherlock confirmed, this has to happen more often.
Oh, but John wasn’t quite done with him yet, he sucked him down almost all the way until he could feel the tip of Sherlock right at the back of his throat.  Perfect he thought to himself.  He then began to massage Sherlock’s prostate while bobbing his head up and down slowly.
“Please John, I need you know.”
“Sherlock, please talk to me.”  John said quietly.
“Great.” John said.  He wasn’t really sure what to say next, so Sherlock stepped in.
“Sherlock, I think there’s something else we’re overlooking.  The space.  Rosie and I would be sort of cramped in my old room and I’m not sure how…”
Mycroft shook his head, stood and left the envelope.  “You misunderstand John.  Sherlock did not send me.  He does not know that I am here; in fact, he would probably be furious if he knew that I was.  I am doing this for the both of you.  It’s time for the both of you to stop acting like children and face the fact that you both need to resolve this so you can both move on whether it be separately or together again.”  With his intention stated, he nodded his head to serve as a goodbye and turned and was gone just like that.
