Soldiers and civilian personnel stood by watching as the men in the middle went at it. There were two sides it seemed like two pairs of men in the scuffle.
“You are going to the hospital Mrs. Lestrade. You are luck, gut shots do some damage but they bleed out slow when the person doesn’t move. So we are going to keep you alive by having you lay still ok” Paul said guiding Greg down to a laying position.
“Deal” John laughed “No matter how sad or angry I am. You make me feel better.”
“I’m going home. I’m packing a bag and I’m going to my cousin’s in Sunderland. I just can’t even be around you right now Mycroft” Greg said turning and heading out onto the street.
=-=-=-
Sherlock tried to mumble again as he gently touch the spot of blood, John hissed as medics swarmed them.
Then she would strike.
“It was her time John” Karen said “There is nothing you could do to change it.”
“Ok” Lestrade said before leaving.
Mycroft sighed, He couldn’t tell Greg the full truth he couldn’t know about Eurus, no one could she was better locked away forgotten by the world in Sherrinford.
“Where is Gregory?” he asked
Riley and John just looked at each other and smiled.
A few minutes later the door opened
“Which is?” Lestrade asked
“I don’t know you’re a pretty good dance teacher” John smiled.
Sherlock smiled and bit into a biscuit.
“I am hoping this helps, I want to get better, for Rosie and Sherlock” John said as Diane led him over to the group. “Everyone I want you to meet a new member of our group, everyone this is John”
There was movement on the catwalk and a man peered over as he knelt. His brown greying hair was sticking up at weird angles as if he'd just ran his hand through it.
Mycroft gently laid the back of his hand on Greg’s forehead then cheek.
Plus with this being the last chapter I didn't want to rush it. I knew how I wanted the last lines to be but had to make sure I didn't rush to get there.
“Sherlock didn’t kill Moriarty, He blew his own brains out on the roof of St. Bart’s before Sherlock jumped” Greg replied
Greg lay in bed next to Mycroft, he held him close his face buried in the crook of Mycroft’s neck. His hand resting on his chest moving with every breath his lover took.
“No no fight.” Elijah replied “No more fight, they dance.”
Did you miss me?
“The lovely lady from the symphony? The cellist?” Greg asked confused. He knew they were close, Mycroft had worked for years with her mother and they were friends. Willa was 9 years his junior and he had become her guardian when her mother passed.
“She was always safe. I never intended to kill her I just wanted her to live her life with a bitter and deep hate of you. The man she idolised she now despises. You lie to her, so much, she will learn that Brodie not what you say, but it’s too late, the trust is no longer there. You always try to ruin everything for her.” Eurus smiled. “Take a moment Sherlock; catch your breath before we start the next phase.”
“I will find Greg for you” Anthea called over, this did seem to calm Mycroft.
It wasn’t as easy as it looked in the movies; then again Greg really wasn’t in peak physical form. It took a few attempts before they slowly cracked open, just the interior ones; they were just a foot or so lower than the exterior doors labeled 5
She was barefoot now, in a simple white dress.
“Speaking of our fair Miss Rosie, should we go and get her.” Sherlock asked
To his right was his little sister, the first bullet had hit her lower leg shattering her fibula and coming to rest in the tibia. There were now rods and pins holding that together.  The second bullet fractured her collarbone, as well as her first and second rib, causing her lung to collapse. There was also muscle damage, and fragments of the bullet had cut up her esophagus and larynx which warranted a tracheotomy. Mycroft had been told that it would be temporary only for her to heal.
“And we have so much to do. Finalize the menu, pick the flowers, I’ll handle the band” Mycroft started as they finished with Flora and headed back to the waiting car.
John watched as Sherlock and the Dimmock walked through the crime scene for the fifth time. There were no origami Black Lotus anywhere.
The phone moaned as a facetime call came through. John hit the button to reveal the panicked face of Irene Adler. Her hair was still perfectly pinned up and her makeup flawless but her eyes had a fear in them.
"I want Victor," Sherlock replied curling up on the couch.
Sebastian staggered back, more out of shock than the strength of the hit.
Greg was starting to wake up, he groggily watched the scene before him.
“Well richer men then you don’t really want this war going in favor of the Americans, and since you’re on their side, you’re on the losing side.” Moriarty smiled.
“Why. You killed a man to save me with in the first week of meeting me” Sherlock said. “What could you have possible done before that that would scare me away?”
Mummy Holmes just silently talked trying to reassure John.
“Where is my jacket?” Mycroft asked with agitation as Anthea tried to get him to drink some water.
“Save that photo I want it printed and put on the mantle” Sherlock chuckled as he turned back to the microscope. “The blood found at the crime scene was glowing, even before the forensic team went to spray luminol.”
Eurus stood from her chair and looked at the guards.
"Ok, I think we do need to lay her down," Marisol said. "You lift I will hold the wound."
A simple picture really just man holding a sign and the local paper, with the days date and cover, only problem was the Man was Jim Moriarty and the sign said just two word.
-=-=-=-=
Sherlock perked up a bit. “Are their odd ones?”
“It’s ok if you can’t talk” Willa said “It’s a side effect of the drug they used to knock you out. An unwanted side effect but it wears off rather quickly once you’re awake.”
Rosie cooed and switched out her hand for the ring.
The others nodded and continued eating.
Sebastian sat in front of Irene’s desk, newspaper in hand. Caption read:
“You’ve seen me before. Standing in the gallery of the courthouse, watching the farce of trial you made my sweet Jimmy through.
The guard dragged Victor out and down to the solitary confinement area known as the pit. Eurus slowly walked down towards the hall towards the room that now held the unconscious Sherlock, Mycroft and Willa. When she entered she looked over them. How easy it would be to just kill them now. But where was the fun in that.
She was watching them.
“Would you like a one on one, or just some quiet time?” She asked
Greg pulled Mycroft in close and firmly planted his lips tightly on Mycroft’s. Mycroft wrapped his arm around Greg and matched Greg’s kiss strength, slipping his tongue between Greg’s lips and running it along Greg’s before flicking it against the roof of his mouth.
“Thank you.” Irene replied looking over at Rosie in her bassinet sleeping “She’s beautiful”
“Here use my tie and pocket square” Mycroft said loosening it and handing them to her.
“You are ok?” Greg asked
“I’m in water, the walls are stone, I, I’m in a well, my leg is shacked to the bottom, I can’t climb up” He replied. “Where’s Sherlock?” John asked
“You’re hiding something from me again Myc.” Greg said following him.
"You won't get away." Sherlock coughed, the blood that was pooling in his mouth dripped out, it was getting harder to breathe, his lung was punctured.
“HIS NAME IS JIM!!!” Sebastian yelled
“When Moriarty learned about me. He told Eurus, and of course she had to spring me. My skills were needed. Now second riddle. I need food to live. But if you give me water, I will die.” Victor asked
“See you’re getting quite good” Greg smiled
“Monty died of an overdose shortly before Victor hospitalized me.” Sherlock replied getting his coat on. “It was the beginning of the end for Victor’s drug lord reign.”
Anthea was in a chair sitting next to Mycroft, He was asleep. What remained of his leg was in small brace and was propped up on some pillows. Mycroft himself was slightly reclined, a large bruise spread across his forehead. Anthea had said something about him having surgery to repair a tear in his intestines caused by a piece of shrapnel.
Sherlock picked up the first one and started reading “Gardner.” He replied and picked up the second. “Hmm, this one may take a while with me still confined to this bed.”
Molly just laughed. “Well I guess the surprise is out for some. Brodie and I are expecting.”
Sally laughed, and then the laugh and the smile faded. “So you finally got to meet the sister.”
I had a few people on Tumblr ask and message me. Asked me if I was ok lol. I do these horrible things to characters as my writing is my therapy. I write when, angry, sad, frustrated, you name it. Been doing it since I was a teenager when I decided that I was going to hurt a fictional character instead of myself. Even into my adulthood I do this. I work a job that can produce very high stress levels sometimes and instead of internalizing it or taking the frustration, stress and anger out on myself or others I write. This story is not the only one I am currently working on but it is the one I am working on the most as I write it after work. It’s is my decompression and stress release. Thank you
John looked back at the bed room then swiped the phone screen.
“You like puzzles Sherlock. Let’s have some puzzles” She gave an eldritch smile almost equally ghostly music started to play. “How about some riddles. You solve my riddles and Henry lives. You fail and he dies.”
Eurus fumed and aimed the gun at the helicopter as it landed, firing off a few shots.
“I agree Gregory.” Mycroft spoke. “I have never seen you looks so calm so happy so truly you.”
He loved this little army of misfits he put together, men from around the world who had either been discharged or denied entry to the military for failing their psychiatric assessments. There were a few militia groups too, and a couple of rogue and wayward former operatives from various clandestine organizations.
Growing up Greg was never sure what he really truly liked he found himself attracted to men and women. In his teenage years and in his early 20s he mostly had boyfriends his one serious long-lasting relationship was a gentleman by the name of Maurice they were together from the age of 16 to just after Greg’s 19th birthday they did everything together, they were on the footie team they were snuck into punk rock concerts at local clubs and went down to the old wreck by their houses They sprayed the place up with graffiti they made out many times in that old wreck as well. That ended when Maurice went to university in France. He had a few girlfriends and boyfriends on and off after that.
“Let’s meet there, for now, say 7:15, it can get quite full” Molly said still looking at her hands.
“Yes, yes, all very sweet. But I am tiring of all this, why are you all not reacting the way I predicted.” Eurus fumed
There was some shouting. Sounded German, then a Far East dialect, Farsi maybe? She had heard Sherlock speak that once, it sounded like that.
“Nothing that can’t wait.” Sherlock replied as John headed to wash up. He put most of the mail on the desk, all that was left in his hand was a single envelope, eggshell in colour, very fine line printing on the envelope, just Sherlock’s name and address nothing more not even a stamp. Sherlock carefully felt the envelope in his hand, whatever was inside was very thin. He picked up the letter opener and carefully slit the envelope open.
Molly, Brodie and little Charles Alexander were now practically family to them. All they had been though, it brought them all closer.
Major James Sholto, their commanding officer, had stopped Riley on his way back to their bunk. John, Riley and the other main doctor Davidson were being given the next two days off. Kandahar had sent three relief doctors. Their allied doctors were being given the same treatment. They were arriving soon. The primary concern for military doctors right now was fatigue, and this pushed the team to its limits.
Angelo was over the moon. Had been telling everyone how he had been the one to give them the first little nudge with the candle on the table during their first dinner there.
“It is nice to have someone else here to spoil” Tabitha replied. “When you are done, just leave it here, you don’t have to bring it back”
” Greg replied.
The Diogenes had the least collateral damage. Most of the rooms were reinforced for defense against such attacks, so just the office and the panic room were damaged.
Willa and John just remained where they were, Irene struggling to breathe on one side of them, and Greg moaning in pain on the other. Both wanted to help but were too fearful to do anything more.
Even at home, he was available for them to talk to him, school, personal, or friend troubles, questions about the big bad world. He did his best to answer and help.
John still had his eyes closed. "Good," he said softly. "See you."
"What are you doing? Let me out."
Sherlock asked, "What's the
But we now have proof, Watson and I and the Sussex police.
"You're Mr Holmes' partner," Dr Kenny said calmly. "You live with him in a monogamous relationship. He cannot give you the sexual attention you need, yet he ties you down. Whose problem is that?"
"I'm afraid not," said Rose. "The records on the server will point us to whoever's controlling Copernicus."
He looked at me with grief in his eyes. I wanted to put my arms around him but I knew that he would reject me.
"John?"
"After the burial. I would like to speak with Alistair Boon first."
John nodded. Sherlock plucked the E string to check it, settled the violin under his chin, and placed the bow on the strings. A deep breath. Calm. A brief, soft up-bow, then the long downstroke on C. A single tone unfurling, full and rich, filling the living room. Sherlock played with his eyes closed. He knew the theme by heart, traced the notes as they rose to the ceiling, spread through the room, made contact with the plaster on the ceiling, the stucco, made nooks and corners reverberate, the bookcase, skittered along the stone mantelpiece, let himself be carried along into the first variation, into that smile, John's smile.
A slight tug. Sherlock put his arm around John, and he turned toward Sherlock, gently drawing him closer. The embrace was cautious at first, probably due to Sherlock's injured leg, which they both were mindful of. Then the hug became tighter. Sherlock closed his eyes and held John with both arms. John's breath on his neck, a sigh, pulse beating hard. John's arms around his neck, strong and firm. The scent of shower gel, of John's damp hair and John's skin. Sherlock leaned his face into John's neck, pressed his nose into the hotly throbbing spot behind John's ear, inhaled the captivating scent, tasted John's skin with his lips. A moan escaped his throat when he tried to take a breath. John nestled in closer to him, and the strength with which John embraced him triggered a wave of untamed yearning, an overwhelming desire to reach into John's hair, to explore him with his mouth, to taste him, to conquer him.
Sherlock nodded, leaned back against the concrete pillar, tried to steel himself and relax. Tried to prepare for what was coming. Rosie was with him. John too. Whatever happened next, he could take it. He was prepared to endure any pain. John was here. Rosie was safe. Nothing else mattered.
"It was hell, to be perfectly honest," he said flatly. "They dig everything up, you see. Everything."
"Mrs Hudson won't like that."
Quite a lot of time passed. At least it felt that way to him. Sherlock no longer had any sense of time, didn't know how long he'd sobbed to himself in the muffled twilight. Someone handed him something soft and dry. A handful of tissues. Sherlock wiped his face with them. He was still shaking. Ella stood in front of him, watching him intently. She plucked a few more tissues from the box in her hand and passed them to Sherlock. She'd opened the window. Air cooled by that morning's summer rain flowed into the room. Sherlock inhaled it gratefully. He slowly returned to himself. To the chair in Ella's office. Ella handed him a glass of cold water. He drank it greedily. It refreshed him in an unexpectedly comprehensive way.
"You live here with your wife?" Dr Leo Halsey had asked once John had promised to give him an answer within seven days.
"You'd be dead without me," Mycroft stated.
John wasn't entirely sure what Sherlock wanted. All he could feel was his own desire and the almost hysterical hunger of his friend, who seemed to have discovered something.
"It doesn't look good for you, Sister," Lestrade said. "These facts are highly incriminatory." He tapped the photo showing the crown jewels, after cleaning, displayed on a black velvet background. They looked rather nondescript, uncut and unpolished. The photo was all that was left in the Yard's interrogation room. The originals had been locked away immediately.
John's eyes on him. Lingering. Serious. Tender. Gentle. Full of love. John stayed. That was all: he stayed. Stayed with him. Close. Didn't say anything. He stayed and remained silent. Sherlock loved him for that. More than he could comprehend.
John closed his eyes. He knew every move. The tenderness of the wiry hand feeling along his, looking for the way in under his t-shirt while hot lips caressed his neck. The heavy stream of breath. The scent of arousal. The pressure of the cock becoming hard against his thighs. The sigh. He knew the eyes without seeing them. Knew the blue, as pale as water, flooded with lust. Sherlock. John's heart beat toward him. He knew the man well, lying at his back with an impetuous heat, begging for him. He knew his smile, his love, his power. He knew his mental strength, that incredible intelligence, a match for any complication. And he knew the almost childish need of the difficult person who was his partner, knew his deep-seated yearning for warmth and affirming union. Union with him, with John.
"We're going to change you, Sherlock," she said. "Your appearance too. Try to get used to it."
"Your partner knows that the two of you will be going your separate ways," Dr Kenny told John. "He knows the goal of the therapy is to solve his problem. Not to get you back."
Eurus's message was barely legible. Sherlock tried to decipher it word by word. He'd already skimmed the letter when Mycroft brought it. But it had been too much for him to really read it, paralysed as he had been by Mycroft's news. He hadn't had any time either. They'd left for Sherrinford immediately, as soon as John had rung Mrs Hudson and she'd promised to come straightaway and take care of Rosie. Sherlock hadn't relinquished possession of the letter since then, had stuck it in the breast pocket of his suit jacket and carried it with him the whole time, unable to give it any of his attention. A red-hot document resting on his chest. Eurus's last words, which he could only decipher in part. It wasn't until now, back at John's flat, that he had enough strength, peace and quiet to face up to the pages and what they contained.
John exhaled forcibly. "What does Andrej have to do with all this?" he asked.
"I was at the club," he said.
They sat there next to each other and waited. Sherlock had flipped up the collar of his coat and huffed with impatience. John tried to ignore the seething man beside him and listen to the Latin text filling the stark church. Word by word, phrase by phrase. Father Conley spoke slowly and clearly, with calm emphasis, imbuing the words with meaning. He spoke in a way that John thought he could understand the Latin text. Not everything, not every word, but the general meaning.
John meant every word. He didn't know what Sherlock had written. They didn't discuss it. After the confession and absolution, they walked silently down the narrow staircase to the Chapel of the Crucifixion, accompanied by Gerome and the three priests who would be looking after them for the next 40 hours.
Sherlock, Lestrade, and Rose met one last time in CSIS's temporary office to discuss the mission, made a record of the results together. John didn't join them. He saw his part as being done, and was arranging the sale of his practise.
Just as he'd been disappointed by the Celtic Circle's website. There wasn't much information. An introduction describing the cultural heritage of the Celts, an overview of historical finds, a description of the best-known cultic sites, a few paragraphs and pictures of solstice celebrations, including the festival of the first cutting:
"You can't pray like this, Stean," Conley said calmly. "You're beside yourself."
Reading the journal was much more strenuous, more painful and upsetting than Sherlock had ever thought it would be. He was confronted with John's distress and disappointment, with his tough, hopeless battle. He was shaken by the fact that John had considered leaving several times, moving out of 221B Baker Street. And the continued hope he placed in relationships with women: marriage, a family, getting away from Sherlock. A hopeless punt.
It crossed over into rambling passages that felt their way around their own confusion in small tonal steps, close together, testing reality. Temptation. Playing with fire. Dancing around the subject. This rocking, alluring, tender swaying and knocking and hoping and acceptance of the way things were. Oh! It was so much! Much more than he'd expected. A captivating, wistful melody. Sherlock was astonished. Was this really him? Was he the one playing these notes, inventing them? The melancholy. The tenderness. The allure. The patience. Was that him?
Sherlock was out there in that watery hell somewhere. Injured. Cold. Maybe even dead. Maybe he'd been dead for a while already. More than twenty-four hours. Already gone, his body abandoned. He'd fought with Moriarty, that much was clear. And had fallen. Maybe. Moriarty too. Both: maybe. Fallen into that cold, raging maw. A moment of horror. Maybe smashed against a rock. Pressed beneath the stones by the thundering masses of water. A futile struggle. Panic at drowning. Water in the lungs, no air. A long, horrible fight against death. Last thoughts. Maybe of him, John. Maybe. Fractions of a second of memories of intimacy, tenderness, desire. The smell of skin. Warmth. Comfort. Maybe.
John looked up. "I'm here," he said softly.
But John was overwhelmed by heartache. Mute. Deaf. Blind. He sat off to the side. He couldn't bear Mycroft's presence, nor anyone else's. He wanted to be alone. Alone in the midst of all these people praying for Sherlock. And for Moriarty.
He takes his hands away from his face and looks at me.
Sherlock had fallen asleep on the couch after they'd talked, the phone still in his hand.
Sherlock had laughed. "No. Mycroft and I sometimes correspond in Russian to keep in practise."
The flat was locked. John fumbled for the key, unlocked the door with trembling fingers. The flat was dark and empty. John took off his damp jacket, hung it on the hook, slipped out of his shoes. He went into the bathroom, washed the tears off his face with ice-cold water, turned the tap off again. Light footsteps in the hall. A soft knock. John dried his face and forced himself to be calm. Someone opened the door to the flat. John checked the mirror, looked into his wide-open grey eyes, at the light shining in their depths.
"That means he agrees."
"I'm ready," John said. "Can you call me a taxi?"
"When, Sherlock?" John asks sadly. "When we are old and the flame of our vitality has extinguished?"
"From Peter Moor."
The upshot was that only a small handful of people stood at Irina's grave. Sergej, Andrej, John and two of the guards. Andrej was pale and quiet, his expression hard as the priest blessed Irina's final resting place. He'd been released from hospital two days earlier, was still weak and tired. His leg was still in a splint. John and Sergej held him up. It was bitter cold, the sky leaden.
Watson is in agreement. He leaves the room and goes downstairs. I remain standing there, however, staring at the little linen sack I did not notice at first hanging amongst the others.
Sherlock didn't answer. John only got louder.
"She left some time ago."
I go into the bathroom. Rosie is lying in the baby bathtub, cheerfully slapping her rubber duck onto the surface of the water. John's t-shirt is wet. I slip my hand in under Rosie's back. She isn't stable enough yet to sit by herself. John's hand is in the warm water. I slide along it with mine to take its place. John's fingers linger, rubbing and caressing mine. Just for a moment. Two or three seconds. Heat draws into my loins. Our eyes meet.
"So the recipe was available."
"Let go, Sherlock," John said quietly.
"There you go, Mr Felber."
"You won't be alone, John," Lestrade said. "The lads in Bury St Edmunds will have your back. And we've got another man on the scene who's cooperating with us. He'll make sure you're introduced to the right circles."
"It's a risk," John said. "But it's a calculated one. The important thing is that we prepare down to the last detail, especially from a medical standpoint. We can't afford any mishaps. We're putting human lives at risk. If Sherlock's right with his analysis, this mission will deliver definitive proof." John's eyes met Sherlock's. "Based on my experience with Sherlock, I assume his suspicions are correct," he added. "In my eyes, the mission is justifiable in spite of the risk. I support it completely and am prepared to go through with it."
Sherlock placed the little girl on her stomach across his good leg, took off his jacket, and laid it next to him on the sheet of metal they were sitting on. Then he put Rosie onto it. His leg hurt like the devil from the twisting motion he made as he removed her booties from her feet and took off her trousers. She wore a onesie underneath, with snaps between the legs. Sherlock undid them and pulled the shirt up, then took off the nappy. It was full and smelled horrible. Sherlock grimaced in disgust. Then he folded up the nappy and threw it as far away as he could. Rosie's bottom was soiled, so Sherlock took out his handkerchief, wet it in the puddle on the ground, and washed the little girl. He decided to write off the handkerchief as a lost cause. Then he did up the onesie again and tried to put her trousers back on. It took quite a lot of coaxing. Rosie wasn't crying anymore and seemed to be feeling much better. Sherlock's voice seemed to calm and revive her. She wriggled and huffed, trying to get away from Sherlock. He picked her up, lifting her over his head with both hands.
“You’re off to London then?” She asked
"No. Aston deserves to see you," Sherlock said pulling his hand away from her. "You don't have to protect me. I'm fine Victor will take care of me."
The door opened and Sherlock entered, he looked like hell. He was sober, and freshly showered but he was a mess, a large bruise marred the left side of his face, and more covered his arms and shoulders when he pulled off his shirt to start getting dressed his torso was also covered in bruises.
The guards entered behind her.
“Damaged his best suit?” John asked with a smirk.
Sebastian was looking forward to this little game, toying with people was always fun, and toying with those of higher intelligence, those who thought themselves above others, they were the best ones to toy with.
“Well that would be wonderful, I would love to see Dr. Watson’s reaction to just watching a person die before him again while he cannot do a thing to help. But that is not my plan. Jim and I put this little game together five years ago. The last five years have all been a wonderful act. From getting Magnusson to make his rare mistakes that led him to you, to kidnapping John and sticking him in that fire. That was Jim’s idea. Pity he could see all this come to fruition. Jim was a great mastermind. And to have something so common as cancer bring him down. We could have made an even greater team. Just had to get rid of Moran, he was too unleveled headed. Never mind that now we start to have our fun.” Eurus said as her face appeared on the third screen.
The night moved on and they headed home. No Honeymoon for the two, they didn’t want to leave London. Just a promise from Mycroft and the Met that no cases would come their way for at least a week. Plus Rosie’s first Birthday was tomorrow, another big party was planned, this time at the zoo. Mycroft had arranged a special VIP event for them to feed the pygmy hippos, one of her favorite animals, the hippo.
Rosie reached up and wiped one away from his cheek and giggled as she laid her head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“The little family is breaking apart” Victor chimed in.
Greg turned and looked at the clock on the bedside table, 5:38am; Mycroft hadn’t even come to bed. Greg carefully stood, his hip was stiff, he’d twisted it in the blankets during his nightmare.
“It’s the truth” Greg said leaning against the wall at the opening of the elevator as his head started to swim again
The landlady was sitting between Sherlock and Mary, minding both of them. Helping Mary sit and push and also telling Sherlock to just lie still during his bouts of consciousness.
I'll still punch anyone who deserves it.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Sherlock smiles, knowing he has already won.
“Am I greedy for wanting twenty more?” John asks, as he rests his head against my shoulder and I pull him into a hug, wrapping my arms around him.
Friendship. Been through so much. Found each other. Love. Connection. Future.
Even if you were a freak, you are my freak.
It is again Molly, who catches onto my discomfort, so she ushers all the guests to find their seats, giving me a bit of space and I retreat a bit to stand by the water. The wind ripples the surface and I find myself fascinated by the way the light reflects off it as I try to bring a bit of order into the chaos of my thoughts and turmoil of emotions. I almost miss the water darkening as it catches the reflection of three men approaching. When I finally look up, I recognize them as my groom and our best men. My wait has come to an end.
Rosie reaches out to pet her horse’s neck, she's pretty, white with brown spots everywhere, like a humongous dalmatian. Rosie still needs help, and there is a woman, Kathy, leading her.
She got out of the car herself, to play with a puppy she spotted and when she realised, they were looking for her, she was scared of getting into trouble, and hid. There is no bad guy, and for once I am glad. No puzzle is worth a child being hurt, even I know that.
“We’re both busy with The Work, there are dangerous chemicals in this flat most of the time, we have no experience with cats… I could go on, Sherlock.”
There are moments – and my wonderful John knows- when a distraction is exactly what I need, days where nothing can save me from my own mind. There hasn’t been a case in almost a week, and the body in the Thames was barely a five, not worth remembering at all. Secondly- and it might be worse- I woke up alone this morning, John already off to work.
The middle TV in front of them flicked on. There was woman sitting alone in a room.
"What's a detective doing at an active shooting?" Marisol asked, still shaken she was a little untrusting.
“Thank you” She said holding her son on her lap.
“Sir we’re here” Dalton said voice snapping Sebastian back to reality.
“Thank you” Andrew smiled.
Mycroft looked around the flat. It was a mess but nothing was missing. Her cellos including the Stradivarius were all still in her music room. Her jewelry still in the box on her dressing table. The cushions and pillows from the couch and loveseat were strewn about the floor, the chairs on their sides.
“Eat now work later.” Tabitha smiled “I made you favorite” Sher said as she removed the cover on the plate.
Anthea sighed as she went to work. Hopefully this could all be fixed.
Greg just leaned on the elevator looking down at the body of Sally Donovan.
Greg looked out the window again. There were 140 guests in total including the wedding party. Mummy and Daddy Holmes were there of course. Greg’s cousins (Albert, Killian, Roger and Oscar) their families. His nephew Andrew was their junior groomsman and ring bearer. He would be bringing Rosie, their flower girl, down the aisle in a vintage pram. Mycroft and Greg wanted her to be a part of the wedding, even if the throwing of petals was not allowed on the grounds.
“Your revenge?” Sebastian croaked out.
He had checked Mary over…. He had checked her stomach and her bump; he had checked the baby, not Mary.
There was no stimulation, nothing to amuse him. There was a television in the room, but nothing on their interested him, well nothing but the news but it wasn’t like he could follow up on a hunch he had about one of the stories.
“Oh” Mycroft looked up from his tea “you are ok with that”
Greg stood in the entryway of the restaurant, Elijah sleeping on his shoulder. Sherlock gave the DCI a hug.
“Sherlock I think you should rest.” John said standing. “You have a lot in your system and you need to take it easy.”
John had turned and threw up, blood now running from the side of his mouth confirmed his worst fear, he was bleeding internally, probably had been since the initial explosion, then the last blow from Sebastian made it worse.
“Hello Myc” Daddy said as Mycroft scanned the room.
“I’m going to go and have a shower, may turn in early, have to be up for that departmental meeting” Greg said opening the bottle and leaving the cap in the bin.
Sherlock curled in bed holding Rosie close. After the visit to the crime scene Sherlock had returned and holed himself up in the bedroom. He kept Rosie and John close, but remained silent.
"Nonsense" Sherlock spoke up. "Brody, call ahead have a car ready for them when we land it can take them directly to the base."
The figure appeared in front of him. The tall blonde just smiled. He was more muscular than John remembered but the face was still the same a boyish smile with a gleam in his eye that was enough to convey how dangerous he really was.
“Within a hospital, yes,. This room…” John trailed off.
He carefully made his way downstairs and towards the back of the house, there was light coming from under the office door.
Mycroft smiled and dozed as he rest his head against Greg’s
“Sebastian was a mentally disturbed man to begin with. He joined the military specifically to blow stuff up and to shoot people. He was recruited by Moriarty and became his top man. And his lover. They killed a lot of people and they destroyed a lot of property and stole a lot of money. Sherlock put an end to that. And Sebastian retaliated. We never saw it coming. I wish there was a way to go back to prevent this all.”
“They are almost done.” John said as Sherlock helped Molly into his chair before returning to the file with Greg. “Just waiting on Sherlock’s suit, the fabric was a special order.”
Willa kept her eye on him as they finished prep for the finale.
“How are we going to get you to stop chewing for pictures?” John smiled as they entered the small foyer of the to wait for the guests to head to cocktail hour so pictures could be taken
~Where is the well?~ he text to Eurus.
“You are full of surprises” Eurus smiled eerily.
John sort of figured it was another reason why he and Riley didn’t publicly show their relationship on base. It almost felt like they were rubbing it in the Majors faces. Most of the camp knew there was something between the two doctors, but no one said anything. It didn’t matter to anyone. The men did their job, and that was all that mattered.
Mycroft had fallen asleep over an hour ago. Greg’s mind just wouldn’t let him settle so he could do the same.
An eerie monotone voice said.
“He shoot the wall out too then” John smiled
“I do care.” John said finding his voice.
“Hi sorry they gave me a squeaky chair” Willa smiled as Ashton parked her beside Sherlock.
“How?” Sherlock stammered
She let his hand go and removed the pillow from beneath his head.
But now, now she wasn’t so sure if she wanted him to die. He would still suffer but maybe she wouldn’t have to kill him. Maybe she could torment him enough to break him beyond repair the send him out into the world a hollow shell of a man.
I like to research stuff to make it more authentic.
“Oh” Sherlock asked
Mummy nodded as the doctor and nurse removed the tube which caused John to cough and wince at the pain it caused in his head.
Riley smiled and leaned in for a kiss.
One might ask why he stayed in it. What else was he to do? He had started university but didn’t finish. His mouth got in him trouble, but it wasn’t his fault most of the world was stupid and limited.
One of his men approached, they said the outlook inside didn’t look good. Sebastian nodded and followed.
John gave another moan as he felt himself getting hard at Sherlock’s touch.
“She’s gone and they don’t know where she is.” Mycroft answered as Greg took his hands in his own.
Moran was in jail but there still seemed to be money flowing. No communications after Moran’s incarceration  but payments and bank transfers.
Then Sherlock jumped Mycroft became distant, at first Greg could understand Mycroft had just lost his little brother but after a while it was different Mycroft wasn’t mourning Sherlock actually he hardly mentioned him it was weird. When Greg tried to help him Mycroft distanced himself more. Then Sherlock miraculously returned the bastard faked his own death, and Mycroft knew about it kept it from everyone kept it from John. Greg couldn’t deal with it he was so mad but when he finally went to Mycroft to try and work things out Mycroft would not even talk to him Greg didn’t know what he did wrong, he had had every right to be mad at Mycroft. They didn’t speak except for after Sherlock was shot, when Greg went to Mycroft to try and help find out where Sherlock had went.
“I can’t afford that, but thank you,” Lestrade replied not even bothering to ask how Sherlock knew about the divorce and all that was coming along with it.
=-=-=-=-=-=
Jim climbed back on Sebastian who had wiggled out of his own pants.
Sebastian had asked to be the one trained on John; He wanted to be the one to kill the meddling doctor if it came down to that. He already had the pleasure of aiming at him before at the pool. Oh how he wanted to pull that trigger and send John sprawling backwards with his blood staining the tiles.
Sherlock just nodded and curled up on the couch. His cell carefully balanced beside him.
Sherlock and Mycroft shared a look.
Sebastian gripped Jim’s waist again, tight, and pulled him down tight against his body, burring his face in the crook of Jim’s neck. The smell of mint, ginger, bergamot, juniper, thyme, and vetiver mixed with the subtle sweet musk of human skin filled his nostrils. Sebastian breathed in deeply as he bit down on Jim’s neck enough to bruise but not puncture. Jim giggled.
Greg looked up as the housekeeper Tabitha brought him in a tray. Was it dinnertime already?
The ones on the other side of the pond never did fall, just merely got cut off from Europe and the rest of the world. The others, Moran had worked hard to build those back up in such a short time, adding more factions to the network as he added to his militia.
“Shh it’s only 7:30 we have plenty of time” Greg said Easing Mycroft only his back and carefully moving on top of him.
Sherlock just glared at Mycroft before turning and taking a book off the shelf. Then sat again
He was too late, Mary pulled out the object embedded in her side, blood poured out.
The screen changed from showing Henry to showing another room. Irene Adler sat on the bed starring up at the camera.
“Oh for aerodynamic purposes, must be Brendan” Mycroft mused.
He woke. No, no he couldn’t’ have these thoughts. He may be getting a divorce, he may have liked her the first time she appeared in the magazines, but now was not the time for thinking about stuff like that, no was for focusing on the kids.
Greg cried out as his back arched and his body tensed as the electricity passed through him. As soon as it began it stopped and Greg fell to the ground, he was shaking and breathing heavily.
She reached over and cranked up the water flow on John, he’s start to float sooner and then he would drown.
“Nonsense, no such thing.” Sherlock smiled “But if you would like we can burn some sage or call in an exorcist”
Willa moved closer and gently put her hand on the larger of the two bruises on his torso.
“When is Mycroft’s flight due?” He asked trying to control the anger in his voice.
“Did you need anything Mary?” Lestrade asked
“IT’s going to take a while to get to the Government guy. Emergency vehicles for this place have most of the streets between here and Carlton House Terrace blocked with their vehicles, going to have to take the long way.” Dalton, his driver said as they started down Victoria Street, felt nice to drive against the normal flow of traffic.
Jim turned and left, he headed to London, broke into the crown jewels. Everything went even better than planned, and on top of that roof of St. Bartholomew’s Hospital he left the world, on his own terms.
“I’m am a horrible person” John weakly said
“Elijah, what a lovely name” Sherlock smiled
“Could their main dealer be trying to get rid of them, lacing a drug of choice with the luminol to kill them from within?” John asked.
“He’s been shot” the man in the coveralls said as he knelt beside Greg. Greg studied him. He had a patch on his arm. He was with fire rescue, a paramedic.
Eurus frowned
Not that he had done a very good job. He introduced Willa to Victor, got her hooked. Then again Aston had helped her break that hold. How would Willa be after learning of his death? Willa was the sociable one of them, the one with friends, she let people get close, they usually ended up breaking her heart. Sherlock didn’t let anyone get that close, not even Victor. He couldn’t handle that loss. Sometimes he envied his sisters strength to live her live so open like she did.
“Ok papa” Elijah smiled as he returned to the book.
"They are merely bruised, I ran here. I, I ran away." Sherlock said, "I called Mycroft, he send he would send someone."
“Greg I am just trying to protect you.” Mycroft stated
“I thought you said he would be fine, just headaches?” Sherlock said furrowing his brow.
Once everyone was blindfolded Greg and Mycroft removed everyone but Molly and Brodie from the dance floor. Brodie took off his and smiled.
“Military will handle it” Paul smiled as Greg slipped into a pain medication induced slumber.
, Methionylglutaminylarginyltyrosylglutamyl...serine
“Not to me” Eurus almost growled “I am smarter I know what people do before they do it, I read them and I know.”
Sherlock took the berry and ate it. it was the perfect amount of sweet to tart ratio.
“John will still be haunted by it, that he couldn’t save his wife, mother of his child. Every time he looks at the little one he’ll remember” Sebastian said as the woman dug around in the bedside table.
“No” Greg said sitting in one of the chairs “Just got a little twisted in the duvet”
“Mycroft sharing the spotlight” Sherlock mused as he wrapped his arms around John. “He really has changed.”
Victor climbed up on the runway and surveyed the scene around him, those who could flee had already fled and those who were injured lay scattered about the venue. He looked down at the bleeding body of Ashton Everett he wasn't moving, and blood pooled around him. Victor smirked as he made his way down the catwalk.
“Ah Everett that guy who did up the Valentines dinner invites for parliament, he’s got a great eye for design” Greg smiled “He said his door is always open, we’ll stop by on our way home. And then you are mine and all mine for the rest of the day. We’re going to lie in bed and do nothing but maybe watch the match tonight on the big telly.”
“John could have died and all he did was care about everyone else”
It was quieter now. Willa carefully got herself propped up. She hesitantly peered over the runway. There were people lying everywhere, where was Sherlock, and Ashton, Marisol's husband Robbie had also been in the audience.
“Genius doesn’t fade it just gets more eccentric” Eurus replied. “But I wouldn’t understand the dunce of the family to understand that.”
“For When I am Gone” She read “Couldn’t even write dead. Never pegged him for the sentimental type really, but he was starting to fade from his former madness and glory near the end”
Mycroft, Sherlock, Greg, John and Willa watched in horror as Henry fell to the ground. They shook as the low howl got closer.
There was a click and then the three looked at the monitors
“I thought they were dead. I woke up in the hospital a scared little girl and a man tells me my family is dead but he had a new family for me.” Willa worked her arms against the roped holding her. “I didn’t have the reaction Eurus wanted. How could I hate Mycroft and Sherlock, when it was her actions that caused everything. Yes Mycroft kept it a secret. He had to. But she, Eurus, she tried to kill me.”
“Move me by him” Sherlock said from the bed behind Mummy.
“We may have to stay for dinner but I could pack now” Greg smiled as he kissed Mycroft again.
“We’ll deal with that later” Greg said kissing Mycroft’s forehead “Call Anthea, cancel your meetings, I’m cancelling mine. We’re going to spend the day together”
Well, John and Riley would be supportive. Sholto had pulled a lot of strings to keep them together on deployments. They worked well together and what they got up to alone played no part in the medical work. He’d recruited D’Helley to help. That’s how Riley and John found out about the two men.
“He pissed himself!” Victor laughed.
Sherlock just pointed at the card on the floor, beside it another small rectangle, photo paper sat face down.
“I can hold it” Mary said when John asked
Greg took it and started flipping through it.
Greg quickly grabbed him under his arms, Mycroft gripped Greg’s arms tight and pulled himself in closer.
“Never” Mycroft replied.
“Do you like you new hat Sherlock?” Eurus asked in the earpiece that must have been placed in his ear while he was unconscious. “Oh that’s right, you can hear me, but you can’t answer. That is really going to upset the others.”
“Lean down I can get your shoulder sorted” Mycroft said reaching up with one hand.
“They probably aren’t even there anymore” The voice replied “You have a little mole in your operation. A very sultry, naughty mole” The voice said with almost a hint of delight “Shouldn’t have let Miss Adler in on the plan, seems she does have a tiny bit of feelings for Sherlock. Called him, just before the explosion, gave him a warning. They probably got out”
“Though one could argue Methionylthreonylthreonylglutaminylalanyl...isoleucine
Sherlock looked to the floor and saw the glass and liquid. A bottle of whisky was now shattered and its contents, not too much though, spreading across the floor. John stood in his pyjama bottoms, and his wellingtons on, must have been the closest shoe.
“I present to you Mr. Gregory and Mycroft Lestrade-Holmes”
Sherlock picked up the phone and looked. “Luminol was found present in the blood. Molly is starting the autopsy at 3. She is also inviting us to an engagement party. Her parents are throwing it next Saturday, Rosie is also invited.”
“No burial. He was cremated” Greg replied
The answer was simple. Adrenaline. John was running on pure adrenaline, probably felt nothing but a headache and some discomfort in his stomach and abdomen.
She had given him warning that Moran was angry. It was a text never sent though. They found it in the drafts of a phone found smashed in the office area of the hotel.
Sherlock held Elijah close as leaves rustled beside them, and twigs snapped.
“But Mary didn’t have to die” John weakly whispered.
“Your brother became a drug addict who wouldn’t let anyone close” John hollered “You sister grew up thinking her family was dead and always feeling like she was missing part of herself. Sherlock believed her dead and it nearly killed him as he sunk into drugs.”
“So I have to SHOOT one.” Sherlock asked emphasising the word shoot.
“Why, you have issues with Mycroft, he has lied to you so much over the years. And Willa, you don’t even really know her. So who should you shoot?” Eurus teased
“No” Both Sherlock and Mycroft replied.
“Still you chose Mycroft to injure over her.” She said.
“Here you can sit sir” She said with a smile
“I was 21 when Uncle Rudy died, so Willa would have been 19, why not tell us then?” Sherlock said pacing the parking garage. His fist balling up again.
“Brains wither too.” Willa spoke up looking directly into the camera.
“He needs his own bed, he shouldn’t be on his side and he actually shouldn’t even be awake. Meds should have still had him out cold” The doctor said as aids and a nurse came to move John back to his own bed.
-=-=-=-
“I can’t really take any of the credit, Sherlock did it all I just watched Rosie” Molly smiled as she sat
“I, I don’t know.” Mycroft said body shaking almost as much as his voice.
=-=-=-
“I remember my childhood, I remember you all. I just don’t remember the days leading up to you trying to kill me.” Willa responded. “I remember the tea cakes and scones with honey at tea time. Mum always flustered that Mycroft wanted so much sugar in his tea, Mum and Dad taking us to the water to play. You were always welcome to play but you never wanted to.”
“Oy, I thought we agreed you were the bride,” John smirked.
“Actually.” Josie spoke up “it would have, and it would have been worse. Moriarty didn’t exist because of Sherlock Holmes. He already existed. People Say he committed his first murder when he was still a child. It was the talk of the MET back when Moriarty came on the scene. A Carl Powers.”
Mycroft smiled as tears weld in his eyes.
Sherlock gave a small smile.
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him again. This time John responded by playfully biting Sherlock’s lip.
“Ok they have July 16
“No, Anthea is meeting me at the flat. We can handle it.’ Mycroft said putting on his jacket and heading to the door.
"he didn't mean it, I made him angry." Sherlock said, "And I'm safe, he doesn't get angry before shows."
She talked about how she sat on the grave and read her son his favorite stories. She told her husband about her adventures in fixing a hole in their wall. She said she cried a lot, and she curled up with a blanket and sang her son a lullaby before leaving.
“Nonsense, you look amazing.” Jim said stepping forward. He put his hand up to Sebastian’s face and gently caressed it before grabbing the back of Sebastian’s neck and pulling him in tight for a kiss.
The first notes of the song started. Thank You-By Led Zeppelin. Greg turned his head to look at the stage as the curtain rose. There sat Robert Plant, Jimmy Page, and John Paul Jones with Jason Bonham on drums, playing the song live. Greg’s smile grew from ear to ear as he kissed Mycroft as hard as he could.
But it was eventually proven that he was not the perpetrator and was let go. He’d have several other run-ins with him each time he was in London.
Mycroft sighed, he knew Uncle Rudy could be odd at times and he certainly wasn’t always right. Mycroft didn’t regret too many decisions he made in the past but this certainly was one. Really though what could he have done back then. He was 23 at the time and just starting out in his career. He wouldn’t dare speak out, not like he did now. He didn’t challenge much in the start, not wanting to upset those in charge. Instead he chose to brownnose, to suck up, and gain the favor of those who could further his career. There causes became his causes, and soon after he was out doing missions, bringing down those who posed a threat to the natural order and the security of England, a rescue in Moscow, an assassination in The United Arab Emirates, or a simple information exchange in Peru.
John laughed “I’m going to get that engraved on your ring”
“We should head home” Sherlock said when they came up for air.
“She was happy Sherlock, She did not remember us, and she had a life with a new mother” Mycroft said as Sherlock exited. John followed.
“It’s not a place” Sherlock said curling up tighter “It’s a name, Victor Trevor”
“Tiny little cell, near the back, underground, no windows, they call it the pit. Eurus doesn’t like me. I refuse to give into her, Mycroft taught me how to not fall under her control. She doesn’t like that. I’m surprised she didn’t outright kill me. I have a sinking suspicion that she is going to give me to Victor. He hates me too. I’m the one she shot him when we were trying to take him into custody.” Anthea said as she helped John make Greg more comfortable on the bed.
John and Riley came out of the rec center and over to some of the injured men as more went to work on D’Helley, there was not much they could do for the man now. The damage and blood loss was extensive.
“Hi Myc” He whispered
Willa timidly made her way to the hatch and removed a gun.
“She won’t win,” Sherlock said not looking up from the file. “You and your kids will be happy. If you are still looking for a flat for the three of you, there’s one in Westminster, close to your place of work.”
“Oh John. You care so much for poor sick Karen, lost her family, recovering from cancer.” Eurus spoke as a man, Victor Trevor, entered the room with Karen. “She’s been through so much, suffered so much.”
“Stop it!” Willa called. “Stop lying.”
“Now sister mine.” Eurus’s voice seemed excited “Shoot Irene Adler in the head”
“Oops” Was all the voice said
“That better not be my tea mug you are using.” John quietly said with a smile.
“Because of the ties to Eurus I could not.” Mycroft replied. “By then she was being put to work with in the government. We were using her mind to help us. She predicted the exact dates of the last three terrorist attacks on the British mainland after an hour on Twitter.” Mycroft added.
Another shorter chapter.
“John it’s Dimmock where have you and Sherlock been. McLaughlin and I have been trying to reach you for over an hour, I was just going to send Gregson round” Dimmock said his voice tinged with a bit of worry.
“She is not that innocent. She played quite the part in your little fake death leap off of St. Bart’s. She’s aided you in most of your cases and therefore, really I wasn’t thinking I should have brought her here.” Eurus gave an eerie chuckle. “We will call her; you will try to convince her, break her heart. If you do not, I will kill her. She’ll experience another big blast. But don’t let on that you are under any duress or that you are lying. I want to see her cry, I want to see her hate you for ruining her life again. Brodie’s phone and the phone at the hospital have all be set to go directly to voicemail should she try and contact him to say anything. Brodie himself has been swamped with samples so he will not even have time to call and check on her till after his shift.”
No this was not how today was supposed to go; this was not how he was supposed to die.
“I am healing as is Willa. They are keeping her sedated until her throat heals.” Sherlock replied, “How much of an in do you have to the Manor House case?” Sherlock asked moving the magazine to reveal his notebook. Normally he’d do all the note taking in his brain, but again with the head injury and medication, a physical notebook was better.
Greg thought back to those years ago when he first met Mycroft. He’d known Mycroft as long as long as he’d known Sherlock. Mycroft was the one that Greg called when he found an almost overdosed and severely beaten Sherlock in his tiny little bed sit, left there by his controlling abusive dealer. When Mycroft arrived at the hospital he was almost as a mess as Sherlock, not beat up not drugged out but emotionally. That was Sherlock second overdose by his fourth that panic and emotional response from Mycroft was gone. You couldn’t call him stoic cautious or reserved he was just plain unfeeling not uncaring that’s different he still cared what happened to Sherlock he just didn’t let himself feel anything really.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock threw the phone against the wall and headed out of the room John trailing behind him.
She laid her on Sherlock’s chest; Rosie’s eyes opened and looked right at John.
“Rosamund Alice Martha Watson” Mummy smiled “She was born in what’s left of your kitchen”
“You going to stay sober from now on?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock gave him an almost insulted look. “I ask because my offer still stands,” Lestrade said revealing a stack of files. “As part of my new position I have all the access you want to cold cases.”
Sebastian stepped out as the vehicle stopped. His men were still lined up at the barricades.
Mycroft and Greg had opted not to do speeches as everything they needed to say was said in their vows. Instead Andrew stood at the microphone and read a poem. It was quite sweet. Then Dimmock took over the microphone again.
Sherlock looked at the building in front of him. There was a tarp over the front keeping the rain from doing any further damage to the interior. They had cleaned up the street well but it was still not fully open to non-residential traffic.
He and Willa had been modeling since fourteen. Their mother thought it would keep them out of trouble. Keep them occupied. Even she didn’t know that they would take off to this level. By seventeen they were doing shows in London for some of the shops on the high street. They were officially discovered at twenty by an agent for an international agency. And now seven years later they were at their peak if the industry was to be believed.
Willa stared at the gun in her hand; she looked at Irene then over at Greg and John. John was angry, his fists were balled up at his sides and he was almost trembling. Greg was also mad, but not as visible, you could really see it if you looked in his eyes.
“What no” Mycroft spoke up much to the shock of the others. “Moriarty put her though so much, and then Moran with the bombings. She’s innocent in this.”
Sherlock flopped himself down on the couch of the private plane. While he enjoyed his work he hated the spectacle of it all, the people in his face and the constant screaming of the fans, the shrill voices of the women especially annoyed him when they threw themselves at him.
Mycroft let go of Greg’s hand and took hold of the side of the bed and carefully eased himself into a semi-balanced standing position. Greg looked at the compression bandage that stuck out from the cut off leg of the hospital pajamas.
“It will be alright sweetheart” She said giving his forehead a kiss.
John was not afraid to admit he was crying. Rosie and Mrs. Hudson were all packed up. Anthea’s best agents were going to accompany them to an undisclosed secure location. Rosie just hugged him and babbled on about the new stuffed bumblebee Sherlock had bought her.
Sherlock looked at the spread in the magazine, he and Willa on the steps of the Notre Dame Cathedral in skimpy little outfits that were practically blasphemous to the religion of the historic building.  How the designer and magazine got permission, Sherlock did not know, and actually didn’t care.
“You are not emotionally ready for this” Mycroft replied.
“To Mycroft!” The crowd responded before taking a drink
John looked at Mary sleeping, former assassin, former spy, maybe she knew. But he knew well enough to not wake her right now.
There had been a lot of MET personnel funerals to attend over the last few weeks. Most had been held off till the injured had healed more and so full investigations could be done.
He knelt down and checked Donovan. She gave a small moan but didn’t wake.
Sebastian made his way down the stairs to the ground floor. He was met at the bottom by some of his men.
He started off as a regular constable mostly foot patrol, after helping out the narcotics team with a case he was moved to their division mostly just working undercover helping them with cases. Just before he met Sherlock Holmes he was made a detective constable with narcotics. By the time he met Sherlock again after Sherlock’s many rehab stays he was a Detective Sergeant in the major crimes division, after closing a few cases with Sherlock Greg was made a Detective Inspector. Both Sherlock and Mycroft insisted that they had nothing to do with the promotion that is was all Greg’s own doing, and so began Greg’s relationship with the Holmes Brothers.
“Will Lestrade be alright?” Sherlock asked
“It’s ok.” Sherlock softly replied, it hurt to move his tongue, but he had to, the movement helped it heal. “How are you”
His first real sexual encounter with a man was on the eve his 21st birthday he was playing football for the Queens Park Rangers in the EFL Championship on his way up to the Premier League. Kevin Hutchins was a teammate; Greg while attracted to Kevin never thought that Kevin would be attracted to him until after the final game of the year which they unfortunately lost, but when they went out together to commiserate they wound up in bed together. It was wonderful, like nothing Greg had experienced. Three months later Kevin decided that he didn’t want anything to do with Greg you couldn’t go pro and be gay is what Kevin’s said. Greg didn’t date much after that not until he met Margaret she was the friend of a teammate’s wife. They actually hit it off quite well and got along famously looking back now it was all an act, probably, Greg was pegged to be signed to a Premier League team, major contracts money, and fame maybe to the status of even a David Beckham or a Cristiano Ronaldo.
There were about a dozen people there, sitting in the chairs and loveseats that were arranged in a sort of squished circle. Diane came over.
John carefully made his way to the edge of the floor. Little bits crumbled under his steps.
“I don’t know, I can’t see him out the window.” Willa said “Eurus was in the next room, now I don’t know.”
“I see Mr. Bee. But remember to be careful my honeybee it hurts when you hit people” Sherlock said tears building in his eyes again.
“I do good work” She smiled before turning to the door. “I am done; I’d like to go back to my cell now you can come clean up”
Sherlock watched as they talked.
“He has dealt with PTSD.” Sherlock answered. “He was injured in Afghanistan six years ago. It went untreated for a while but he was doing well till the explosions four months ago.”
Riley was still in one of the operation theatres working on the last of less injured who had been left to wait, not that it was fun waiting with a broken arm. John couldn’t help but think of how many had died simply because the doctors just couldn’t go any faster, how many died while waiting.
“I am actually calling about Brodie. He is, he is not what he seems, I am so sorry Molly, he had, he’s” Sherlock paused. “He has been working with Moran all along. He is the final part in the web with Victor and the unknown boss. He was their way in, their link to all of us.”
“Oh hello Sherlock, forgot you were there, you’ve been so quiet”
Sherlock kissed the top of John’s head it rested on his chest.
Aston returned from the car and grabbed the cello.
Greg sat in the hall of the hospital. His jacket, shirt, and pants in the laundry bag by his feet, the loaned scrub top and pants were a little bulky but the only one they had available at the time.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock said noting the woman’s limp. “Are you alright would you like to sit?” He asks gently guiding her to the nearby bench.
The canopy from Speedy’s café was gone; bodies and furniture were strewn about.
“I am” Molly said over the body at Brodie. He was smiling as he hooked the sample container on the side of his chair.
“Don’t rush speaking love; there is still some swelling in your neck. John is in the bed beside you, Martha is feeing Rosie” Mummy started
“It’s just around the corner.” Will said as they neared a clearing. “Oh god”
Greg slowly pulled himself up to a sitting position. He winced as the muscles in his side and stomach started to spasm; they were still not ok after having the wind knocked out. He reached up with his hand and gently touched his face, it was sore. There was something under his nose. He wiped and looked, blood, he gingerly touched his nose, yep broken. His cheek, and by his eye was swollen too, he didn’t even want to think about how it looked.
Rosie fussed again and the footsteps started down the hall.
“They’re just standing; starring, rather unnerving really, they each have an assault rifle, some Colts, some MKEKs. It’s a hodgepodge of weaponry. I don’t think they are regular forces. They look more like a militia or guerilla group. Sir?” Anthea turned with worry when Mycroft didn’t answer.
Sherlock wrapped his hand around John and started working his hand up and down
“I make no promises,” Sherlock said delving into another one as Lestrade left.
The pale pink dresses looked beautiful on them. The best men were in black suits with light grey shirts, and pocket squares, no ties. Greg was in a black suit with grey pinstripe and a light grey shirt, with pink pocket square. Mycroft would be in a dark grey suit with light grey pinstripe, a pale pink shirt and grey pocket square, no tie. The no ties were Mycroft’s choice, he said he wore them so much in his everyday life; he would take a break on his wedding day.
The calvary was coming, John though, but as he closed his eyes he believed that it was too late.
The four got into the car and headed back to Baker Street.
“Our security monitors said that the second the military and government computers were back up and running and their fleets were mobile that is the first place they headed.” Dalton replied looking at the laptop beside him.
Greg leaned down and kissed Rosie’s forehead and gave Sherlock another hug before he and Mycroft left.
“That dress, the one we put her in for her 6 month photos. Mycroft said… That man really does have a hard time with the truth doesn’t he?” John said as he began to pace again.
“She didn’t go to rehearsals so after rehearsals and dinner, Ashton Everett, the violinist she introduced us too. He went to her flat, ransacked. He reported it to the police and Anthea said their monitors just got the alert” Mycroft’s voice trembled as he talked.
Mycroft looked over and smiled. He was glad to admit that the two weeks away had done him good. The sun and warm weather were wonderful. Greg was perfectly tanned, a golden god that mad his silver hair stand out more prominently, that led to a lot of encounters with women who were just as drawn to Greg’s attractiveness as Mycroft was. Mycroft himself was now covered in freckles and a slight tan (he really coated himself in sunscreen) but didn’t care. Lying by the pool or on the beach in Greg’s arms was now one of his favorite things in the world.
“Hello. You wanted to see me?” Mycroft said standing at the glass.
Iraq is where his convoy hit an IED, Only three survived. Brodie was not the worst off but he was bad. The IED had caused their vehicle to roll and it had pinned them to the ground.
“You should find something to immobilize that” Mycroft said
“Oh, if you don’t do this I won’t kill you. I’ll kill someone else, maybe John, or Greg, maybe Ashton.” Eurus said coldly.
“If Moriarty and I are to forever be entwined, even in his death, then what are his follower’s ultimate plans” Sherlock mused out loud.
It moaned again.
Sherlock leaned down and gently kissed John where the doctor’s neck met his shoulder. John smiled and turned to face Sherlock, his lips meeting the detective’s cheek.
“Watson.”
Now she had him. Exactly where she wanted him, she started this with a plan to kill Sherlock or make him her own little pet brother.
Greg pulled Mycroft close and kissed him tight. Their driver smiled as he opened the door.
“It’s ok,” Riley said sitting. “I can’t imagine what it is like for you, all these years not able to be with him.”
“TBD” Molly replied “Finally I have a mystery”
The smell of lavender filled the air.
“Willa.” Mycroft replied looking down at his hands.
"WILLA!" Marisol shouted as she quickly moved her hands to place them on the bleeding wound. The ricochet caused the bullet to hit the young lady in the neck by where it met her shoulder. "Help us, someone, Please; she's going to bleed to death!!" Marisol called.
John just nodded as Sholto, and the other base commanders approached the rec area.
The special guests left and Greg and Mycroft each shared a dance with Mummy Holmes, Anthea and John dance as Sherlock and Molly joined in. Soon the dance floor was full and the guests were happily dancing away to some 70’s pop tune. Brodie was really showing his moves in his chair as he dance away with Molly.
“Yes sir” She smiled as Greg left.
In a rare misstep by Jim he had underestimated the importance of Molly in Sherlock’s life. To an outsider she had been a grown adult acting like a silly school girl all while the object of her affections used her for nothing more than a way to get what he needed.
John had had what the doctors were calling a minor cardiac episode. They were saying it was caused by stress and anxiety. John had been awake for a little bit earlier; he was upset and agitated which only caused his monitors to go off and the nurses to rush them all out of the room that just made Rosie cry.
Mrs. Hudson gave a giant smile and hugged Sherlock tight.
“No I would not be good company.” Sherlock replied “I have Rosie’s bag so I have everything I need for overnight.”
The made their way to the head table and waved. Modern tradition put this as the time to have the first dance, before the meal, but it was a long day and they knew the guests would want a full meal after their cocktail appetizers.
“I didn’t expect Mycroft’s little second to be so, unhurt” The voice said “It was Anthea Lawrence’s credentials that got back into the system and kicked my man out”
“Stop it!” John spoke up harshly. “You think you childhood was so bad Eurus because your family loved you, but didn’t play the way you wanted to play. That’s nothing. Try being beaten when your father is drunk, or when he’s sober and couldn’t afford alcohol, or when he was in withdrawal. Being kicked out of your house because you kissed a boy. Living on the streets, till joining the army so you can afford medical school because all you want to be in life is a doctor, to help people. To be a kind doctor like you ones you met at the hospital as a child being cared for after a beating. You just sound like an entitled spoiled brat who mopped because she didn’t get her way.”
The Iceman’s hear was finally melting. Mycroft had always been so weary of letting anyone close, Sherlock was the same but not to the extent of Mycroft. It was nice to see that he was softening.
“Hello Robert, How is your head?” Mycroft asked
The Original Holmes is more prominent in the beginning then  well you'll have to see...
“But it sound so lovely.” Mycroft said with a wicked smile. “I will make a tasting appointment”
"Are you both hurt." He asked
“I have been well. Thank you for asking. Not many do. Elijah has decided that he wants to behave and not run all over. He had a nightmare about getting stuck in the pond the night after we first met you. I had wanted to come back and see if you were here the following week then the week after that but life as it was had other plans.” Judy said taking the empty berry container from Elijah and putting it in the bag on the back of the stroller.
Greg listed off the selections for dinner, ”They do a cash bar too.”
“She will kill me anyway” Irene spoke up. “I would rather go now, then later, or more painfully”
A sharp pain hit Sherlock’s chest, it didn’t alarm him, he’d had them before, when anxiety took over, when his mind was working too fast for his body, happened during cases and was happening now as he was processing what Mary’s last words were. Did she mean as friends? Did she mean together?
“That’s what he does” Anthea had replied giving her a hug.
“You are going to handle the band?” Greg asked.
And soon after completing his courses he started working at St. Bart’s, a month after the rebuild was done, so roughly about a month and a half after the explosion.
That’s when Margaret grew distant, so it was a surprise to him when she said she wanted to have kids. Elizabeth was born during his third year in the force. It was a good period for Greg and Margaret, and they kept trying till Andrew was born four years later. But then Margaret got distant again, and it had never been the same. Greg did everything for his kids. He did enlist the help of Donovan two years ago when Elizabeth started needing a few feminine clothing items and personal stuff too.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll start looking for a new place tomorrow, I have the day off,” Greg said finishing his tea.
“In the bed next to you.” Mummy replied explaining his injuries “He was awake a few times yesterday, I even got him to eat”
“He was hit by something as we fell” Mary said seeing the look on John’s face. “Then all this debris came down”
“She will be eventually,” Greg answered as he removed his phone. “Go get some stuff packed.
“I don’t want him to be with me because he thinks he has to fix me, I want him there because he loves me” John spoke up looking up at Diane
“Sherlock?” John asked concern in his voice.
John looked up as Diane entered; she sat on the arm of John’s chair.
Molly wiped her eyes as she heard the click of heels on tile flooring, coming near the entrance to the room. She heard voices. A man entered and went to Anthea who looked shocked but carefully got up and headed to the door. There was more discussion before Anthea returned followed by another woman, she was beautiful.
“Oh you are good.” Mike said into the phone. “You went way beyond brother. Well this little one is no longer needed.”
“Pan roasted breast of Barbary duck, blackcurrant and juniper jam, boulangère potatoes, carrots and broad beans with a duck jus, Scotch fillet of beef with cassis poached beetroot, glazed potato fondant, and carrot and tender stem broccoli mornay, Pan fried sea bass, crab beignets with lobster bisque, spinach and feves, Pillows of spinach and ricotta tortellini with wild mushroom ragu” Greg read off “that is a lot of food. There’s desert included too. Bitter chocolate delice, with salted caramel ice cream, popcorn and chocolate paper, Kaffir lime cream with caramelized puff pastry crust, roasted mango and coriander syrup Earl grey crème brûlée with lavender sable, also includes tea and truffles”
“Mr. & Mr. Lestrade-Holmes” Dimmock finished loudly as the music, Maybe I'm Amazed, started.
“To Greg, The best and the brightest, not only in Scotland Yard but in London” John said raising his glass.
“And his little friend?” Eurus asked
“A very specific photo in a dress she made for her, a white knitted dress.” Anthea continued.
“Elijah!” Sherlock gasped
I will say it may not be posted for a bit as I leave for the Sherlocked USA convention soon.
“Would you like to hear them?” Eurus asked
“Bomb!” D’Helley yelled as Moran removed his hand from his bag.
“I’ll lock the door. Take as long as you need.” She said dipping into her office.
“Lauriston Gardens, Brixton.” Dimmock said with a heavy sigh.
The nightmares when they came were always the same; he couldn’t save Donovan, an almost exact replay of what had happened at the MET. On the bad nights like to night the dream was expanded, that Greg had lost everything. That everyone was dead and he couldn’t do a thing to stop it.
John’s eyes started to close, he was so tired.
“You’re always starving,” John said with a smile as his own stomach growled at its emptiness.
The last few nights he slept in the office between video conferences. Greg missed the nights of Mycroft cuddling up in front of him sometimes his back against Greg’s chest, sometimes chest to chest, Greg’s face buried in the crook of Mycroft’s neck the smell of Mycroft’s cologne, the smell of Mycroft’s hair, the taste of his neck and the taste of his lips.
“Mycroft, my savior. You pulled me from my spiraling depression that no one but you saw. I thought I would never love again. Then you came along.” Greg paused then began to sing “Sweet wonderful you, you make me happy with the things you do. Oh, can it be so; this feeling follows me wherever I go. I never did believe in miracles, but I've a feeling it's time to try. I never did believe in the ways of magic, but I'm beginning to wonder why … You, you make loving fun, and I don't have to tell you you're the only one. You make loving fun.” Greg paused again then spoke “With my whole heart, I take you as my husband, acknowledging and accepting your faults and strengths, as you do mine. I promise to always bake you cakes and sweets, but also to go on very long walks after. I believe in you, the person you will grow to be and the couple we will be together. I will give you all my love and you shall not walk alone. I will be with you until the end of time.”
Eurus with a little makeup, a short wig, a compressing body stocking and corset over baggy clothing Eurus easily became Karen, the sickly widow of an explosion victim. Add to that a dead child and the stories and memories were enough to upset John greatly a few key trigger words and he was shaking. The added injection of a drug designed by a friend of hers and it was enough to send John into a full blown cardiac episode presenting as a panic attack.
The guards she had brought with her were now waiting silently in the wings; they had done their parts well.
“We never made you feel alone.” Willa spoke up
“I’m scared.” Was Elijah’s response
“Came out for a drink.” Sherlock interjected, John hung his head “That was a full bottle yesterday.”
As Greg and Mycroft met at the aisle Greg reached out and firmly took Mycroft’s hand in his. Mycroft relaxed at the warmth of Greg’s hand and together they made their way to the officiant.
“Not bad, it got a hard head, minor concussion and I was a little discombobulated and didn’t realize I fell off the bleachers and hurt my back, just a sprain I’ll be fine,” Robbie answered looking at Sherlock at Willa. “Blimey, they don’t look good, they were already so pale and now….”
Daddy Holmes came and sat next to her.
“John” Mary said softly John let out a sigh of relief. “John is that you”
As the song ended Greg rested his head on Mycroft’s shoulder.
“Dear Willa this is a controlled burn, it should be slow. Should, these old pre-burnt buildings can be so unpredictable. Outside the window you will see Elijah precariously hanging over the bluff. Below is an elaborate set up thought up by one of my fellow inmates. The wind will blow and will slowly saw away at the tree. If enough time passes, the tree will fall over the bluff Elijah will go and he can join his mother in the sweet there after… if such a place exists. Which it doesn’t”
“Ok, Ok, I told you the truth about JIM” Greg said starring at the gun “Please just put that away and you can walk out of here.”
“Ok where are you?” John asked
Sherlock reached up and brushed then away.
Wheels squeaked in the doorway. Sherlock looked to see Willa being pushed into the room by her boyfriend Aston. Both her wrists were casted, and she was in a wheelchair because her tuck and roll technique was not foolproof and she had injured some muscles in her hip.
Greg and Mycroft remained cordial to each other when their paths crossed. So after Greg found out about Margaret’s latest round of cheating he moved out found a small flat then headed to a small bar nearby to drown his sorrow and listen to some good music to forget. That was the night that Greg Lestrade learned that Mycroft Holmes was a fan of the what was known as the British Blues, Mycroft was a regular there, had been for a number of years. That was also the night that Greg Lestrade fell in love again. He and Mycroft spent quite a few nights at bar listening to the blues and drinking. One of Greg’s favorite facts that he learned about Mycroft was that that he could drink anyone under the table. For his prim and proper exterior Mycroft Holmes was a fan of hard liquor and could hold it well. Nights at the bar became a few choice select passionate evenings at some of the fancier hotels in London. Mycroft never wanted to use his house or Greg’s flat for safety concerns. He said it was to protect Greg safety as much as his own. Great start to see the other side of Mycroft the caring side the loving side the ravenous passionate side of Mycroft Holmes.
“And now the rings” The officiant said taking them from Andrew “The Wedding ring. The circle was the symbol of eternity, with no beginning or end, to many ancient cultures. The hole in the center of the ring also had significance. It wasn’t just considered a space, but rather a gateway, or door; leading to things and events both known and unknown. To give a ring signifies never-ending and immortal love. As Gregory and Mycroft exchange rings they are in a way bonding themselves together with the symbolism of the rings.”
Sebastian looked out the window and sighed. He should have thought about that. Of course after the explosions Buckingham Palace and the Mall would be blocked off. Hell his men were the ones blocking half the Mall.
Greg and Mycroft straighten and smiled
“I told you the truth. Moriarty” Greg started
available” Mycroft smiled
“What no?” Sherlock said looking up at the camera.
Greg held Mycroft’s hand as they neared the dance floor. He wrapped his arms around Mycroft tight. Dimmock came and stood with the gathering group set around the dance floor to watch the happy couple.
“We picked a date but that’s it really” Willa replied as Aston entered from the hall.
“Hello Brodie” Molly smiled.
“He’s a very stubborn man to be fighting the medication like this” The doctor said adjusting the machine that controlled the drip. “I don’t really want to up the dose, but I am going to remove the breathing tube, we don’t need him choking and his breathing is strong enough.”
“You’re making me hungry” Mycroft laughed.
“Sherlock?” John quietly asked
Just need to type them up and edit them.
Rosie just sleepily nodded as John went to join Sherlock.
Molly blushed then made a noise somewhere between a squeak and a squee before kissing Brodie firmly on the lips as he slipped the ring on her finger.
John was awake and in the middle of what seemed like a violent nightmare.
Riley came and stood by John.
John sighed and stood up. He thanked Diane and took the card for the group meeting. He headed out to the waiting room and checked in with the receptionist to book for the following week, same time, just after work, before heading home to spend the night with Rosie, Sherlock and probably a case. Sherlock had been taking on a lot of them.
Sherlock smiled as he rinsed them both off.
“Leave her alone!” Mycroft shouted.
“Car now.” Sherlock said “I do not wish to cause a scene, for Greg’s sake. If it was just you I wouldn’t care.”
“Greg, I give you this ring as a symbol of my love for you. Let it be a reminder that I am always by your side and that I will always be a faithful partner to you." Mycroft said sliding the ring on Greg’s finger.
"Thought you could get away that easily." Victor smiled kneeling down beside Sherlock. "You leave me you lose everything." Victor gave a wicked smiled.
Mycroft balled up his fists. When he got his hand on them, he didn’t know what he would do but it would be painful.
birthday, when the new governor took over, he was head strong and sure of himself. She bided her time, trying out her manipulation techniques on others inmates and guards. Slowly she worked her way up to the governor, and her brother.
“Everything is in there. I suspect you have drawn some hypotheses as to why you are looking into this case. But this will clarify things.” Anthea said as the car started making its way back into the city. “Have there been any more calls from Mr. Stamford?”
John laughed
“He’s getting stronger.” Daddy Holmes spoke up. “They were confident enough to remove the heart monitor this morning, and they think the ventilator tube will be out in a day or so.”
Sherlock just looked at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh you were not aware that I am a closeted nerd.” Mycroft replied. “My wedding vows paraphrased Labyrinth… I thought you knew everything about us.”
“So we are done with secrets minus the classified government ones right?” Greg asked
Then screamed again, Willa with her eyes closed and arm shaking had missed and instead of hitting Irene in the head she had hit her where her chest, collarbone and neck met.
~You never let us be a family~ Sherlock texted.
birthday and three days later we welcomed Margaret Eurus Anastasia Holmes. Eurus.” Mycroft replied. Then a year later we welcomed Willa. She came in July, but she was supposed to be born in September. She was not terribly ill but she did have a rough first few months. Eurus noticed. She may have only been one but she noticed. Mummy and Daddy were always away. Sherlock was always drawing pictures for Willa. Eurus herself was different. As you know I am the smart one.”
Sherlock wanted to stop and hug his sister tight but knew they had to keep moving.
A lot of this is happening at the same time. So it may seem like timings are off but it's because it's all happening together!
“Oh Sherlock you are too smart for your own good sometimes. And this time you and your brother are too smart for someone else’s good. The longest word is Smiles as there is a mile between the first and last letter.” Victor chucked as a shot rang out.
“What I liked astronomy as a kid. Question is who’s the Sun and who’s the earth?” Lestrade asked “or do you trade off one as the fixed wobbling point and the other the moving ever changing. With a slight tilt or lean away from the other”
Sebastian slammed his fist on the dashboard. How could she? How could Irene dare to betray him like this? He thought she cared for him, he thought she was like family, like Jim.
The pink phone started to vibrate again. Sherlock put on his gloves and reached down for it. The name on the call display read M. Stamford. Sherlock furrowed his brow and answered, putting the phone on speaker.
She had broken her wrists and hands in order to slip the handcuffs off.
“His bedroom will suffice” John said as Lestrade carried Sherlock in and laid him on the bed.
Moran smiled and started picking up his bags.
“You’re welcome,” Riley replied
“I’m good they’re letting me go today. I’m going to go stay with Ashton; he’s got a ground floor flat.” Willa replied carefully hugging Sherlock.
That noise wakes the other occupants of 221B, as three pairs of footsteps come up to the kitchen, two cats and one human. All three look a bit ruffled and tired but motivated by the food.
Reading and writing fan fiction has increased my use of the word 'lovely' by 100%
She nods, then takes my phone to call Mike, taking a few steps away. I plan on listening in, but a familiar voice stops me in my tracks.
John walks downstairs first, to pick up the decorations and the clothes he rented for them. He had found the same store Sherlock used last time and found the perfect attire for the detective, and the one for himself isn’t too bad either.
“I got a letter in the mail today. Mrs. Hudson brought it up. I haven’t opened it yet. I … “
John comes downstairs for the second time that morning to find Sherlock sprawled on the sofa, covered in kittens. After waking up, he had questioned whether or not it had all been a dream.
“I was chasing the suspect down an alley when I heard them. Forgot about the suspect. Gavin was there anyway. I couldn’t let them starve, John.” The detective’s voice gets all soft, as he leans down and looks at the small ones from up close. “They can’t be older than six or seven weeks.”
This chapter has mentions of character death (not John or Sherlock)
I didn’t turn, my lack of motion would elicit a reaction from my John that was even better than seeing him sleepy and emerging from my bedroom. As if on cue, his arms wrapped around me and he brought our bodies flush against each other. I felt myself melt into the warm hug and the firmness of his upper body.
“I was thinking king, actually.”
Their eyes meet, and John feels his face redden at the last comment.
A body was found chained to the bottom of the Thames over two months after the death  and only my research – prompted by the husband stumbling into 221B three days ago- had made it possible to retain it. Now, said husband had become the main suspect, spouses always are, until the Metropolitan Police start listening to me, and as they are idiots, they only do that when I present the proof on a silver plate, make it obvious even to the smallest of minds.
“I want to spend the rest of my life with you, solving crimes, complaining about the state of the kitchen, making love when you finally come to bed at three in the morning. No bloody letter can change that.” John cupped his face.
Footsteps: slow, heavy, strained. An older person, or a good disguise. Sherlock presses against the wall behind the door, making sure he is hidden from view, giving him the element of surprise. He breathes quietly, heart sounding too loud in his own ears, as the door is slowly pushed open.
“Well,” Sherlock took a breath for another rant, which Rosie cut short by getting up and starting to use him as a climbing frame.
“Humble.”
“One can always try.” John said, earnestly, pulling me closer
John moves his fingers, feeling the warmth on the sheets where Sherlock just sat, the only proof he has that this just happened. John, for the first time in a year, smiles.
“I know, Sherlock.” John reaches out, fingers closing around Sherlock’s shoulder to squeeze it and he lets his palm rest against the soft fabric of his pyjama top for a moment longer than is strictly necessary... or appropriate for that matter. How easy it would be, to let his fingers travel along Sherlock’s shoulder, stroke his pale, soft skin and tuck back that one stray curl. Oh, and to rest his forehead in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, breathe in his scent. Nowhere, John is sure, would he ever feel more safe than with his flat mate’s arms wrapped around him.
He wakes to the sound of something clattering to the floor, and his heart starts racing immediately. Listening into the darkness, he reaches for the gun beside him. It’s cool and familiar against his palm, calming his mind enough to allow clear thoughts. He is in a good position, his small camp behind the door, which is bolted. As every night, he has put his little traps on the stairs, and one of them must have alerted him.
“Well, Father’s Day is for your dad.”
He returns with a smile and a paper bag, fits his hand into mine and I’m happy to walk the detour he chooses, just for the feel of his palm against mine.
“This is just how I imagined it.” He said, coming to stand beside John, and the doctor can feel his warmth through four layers of clothing as his shoulder brushed Sherlock’s upper arm.
(See the end of the chapter for
It might be a coincidence that the smuttiest chapter is the longest one🤔😜
“Yes, you could say that. These three little rascals are very playful, and Mycroft’s men showed up with all that stuff.” He gestures at all of the cat utensils now stacked in their kitchen and the toys in the living room.
John bites his lip. He knows exactly who Sherlock means by that, and it always makes his heart flinch a bit for him. Today, it is the answer he had hoped for.
well, how would have guessed that this story wasn't quite over yet :P
“Should we check out the woods?” John suggested, knowing he wasn’t getting any more food into his daughter anyway. “I want to see whether our favourite spot still looks the same. He doubted it, of course. Nature had the habit of changing things, especially over the span of twenty years, but it would still be beautiful there.
“You are.” John agreed as he rubbed his nose up and down my spine. “But I might need some more proof of that.” John’s arms loosened around me and he re-intertwined our fingers to pull me towards the bedroom, only stopping to switch off the light. He led me through the dark. The trip through the kitchen and along the hallway is shorter than I would have liked, his hand in mine, small and strong, his palm resting against mine perfectly, I didn’t want to lose the sensation of feeling his hand holding mine.
I tear my gaze away from Mike to look out of the window again, my head buzzing with a restlessness enough to rival the ennui I usually encounter after the successful conclusion of a case. My attempts to distract myself by deducing pedestrians fail to keep me from jumping out of my skin; the details I glean about their lives are far too placid and commonplace to keep me occupied for long. At yet another traffic light, I finally have enough. Throwing the car door open, I hurry onto the pathway. I hear Mike yell my name, but I don’t respond. I can imagine the look of surprise and concern on his face but it doesn’t matter. Can’t depend on him to get me where I need to be, can’t trust the traffic to get better. I feel myself break into a half-sprint, matching my gait to the thump of my drumming heart. Legs carry me in a blur of sirens, magenta, and the drizzle of rain as I change my planned route twice. No fire ladders or climbing fences; don’t want to risk any stains or tears to my suit.
“I’m sure there are worse ways to die. I’m a very good cuddler.”
“So, not John.” He says, clearing his throat.
He was awake within an instant, always the soldier, ruffled hair and all,  eyes already traveling over my body to see whether I was hurt or in danger.
"We've arrested the shooter who killed the two other women, including the one who supposedly killed Mary. Two lethal head shots. Professional. She was lightly wounded, a bullet grazed her cheek but they treated it without taking her to hospital. She says she was protecting Mary. Several witnesses corroborate that. We're still investigating. The woman's name is Rose Granby, a Canadian CSIS agent known as the Spider."
"Sherlock. Look at me!"
"No. But there aren't many places where we can tie the sacred knot. This is one of them because the  abbot used to be one of us. His partner died young. When that happened, he entered the monastery and took a vow of chastity. But he continues to support us."
The neighbour came on his bicycle, introduced himself as Tyler O'Rourke and showed them the house. It had stood empty for several weeks already. An elderly couple had lived there last, the wife had died, the husband moved into a retirement flat. O'Rourke had taken on the task of giving interested parties a tour.
. Facts. Derived from observation and clear-cut classification. Direct perceptions compared with stored data. Deduction. A Holmes for a Watson.
"I have some documents that might interest you."
"Twenty seconds left," Lestrade said.
John waited. A long time. Breath in his ear. Sherlock. Not speaking.
Rose's eyes were on Sherlock. Probing.
John entered the monastery chapel with Gerome now, took some of the holy water, crossed himself and genuflected, lowering his head and waiting three or four seconds before he straightened up again. He still had it all down pat. Ethan had taught him once. This time, though, it was all fake. The reverence that John had felt in his youth was gone. He was on an undercover investigation. He needed to remain alert and play along as inconspicuously as possible. He'd gone to confession with one of the priests who frequented the monastery, one he had never met before. He'd lied to him. Had told bald-faced lies to that priest, and received absolution for it. True, he'd then prayed Psalm 86 as penance, as the priest had instructed him. He felt prepared for whatever was coming, for whatever it was that Gerome called 'compline and Eucharist'.*
"Sherlock," John hissed. "What are you looking for?" The ears of all the saints seemed to be piqued in their direction, the room echoing the barely whispered words with undifferentiated murmurs.
"And give me and hour and half to google Emmy Noether and – maybe, don't get your hopes up – to understand the theorem," John replied cheerfully.
"Shouldn't we still say some prayers or something before turning in?" Sherlock asked.
Author's note:
The interviews with Ferdinand Cameron Magnussen didn't provide much information, or better, none. The Magnussen brother turned out to be brilliant but psychologically unstable and exhibited behaviours that tended to indicate a pathological disorder. He raged, screamed, laughed, mocked, and insulted the officers. He spat at Sherlock when he participated in the interrogation. It was impossible to get anything out of him. The only information they had on him came from Rose, and she only shared it with Sherlock, who had signed the nondisclosure agreement. The Canadian secret service decided what information to share with whom. Not Sherlock. He had agreed to it. He'd taken everything John had, including Mary's will. But he couldn't share anything with him.
Then Sergej said, "I'm going to my mother. Will you come with me? You are a doctor after all."
Sherlock was still staring into John's eyes. A wave of fear overtook him, paralysing him. The realisation that something was changing, perhaps had already changed. Now. Right at this moment, when he was helpless in so many ways. The frightening realisation that John was doing things that Sherlock couldn't cope with. Such simple yet complicated things as taking his hand, interlacing their fingers. So enormously clear and significant. The fear that it might be the start of something he couldn't deal with, that he didn't have a handle on.
“Something wrong?”
Sherlock needs John to promise that he will fight. That he will survive, and do physical therapy, and get back to London and build his life back up until Sherlock can come back. Anything, everything, for Sherlock Holmes.
“But we can just tell everybody.” Rosie doesn’t understand. She tells her friends all the time. They found it weird that she has two fathers at first, but most of them don’t care anymore. They like coming to Rosie’s home to eat Daddy’s lasagne and listen to his stories, and then do experiments with Papa (Daddy has a rule about those, but they can do kid-friendly stuff).
We return home before John turns into an icicle, and he makes me wait in front of his favourite book shop for five minutes. I hate waiting, but my John has been so lovely to me, he deserves to buy himself another horrid novel. I busy myself by comparing all the possible routes to take to Baker Street from here, wondering if John would be up for fire escapes today.
Sherlock senses his shift in mood, eyes scanning his face.
John sets his phone aside and checks his appearance in the mirror over the mantle one last time, wrapping a scarf around his head.
“Last words, Watson?” Sherlock says, looking very serious
(See the end of the chapter for
“But look at them, John. They need us.” He points at the trio, all of them now gathered around one of the bowls, closely tucked together. “They would have starved out there.”
As if they knew they were being talked about, the quiet room is filled with high pitched, tiny meows. John is right next to Sherlock within a few steps, and there, on his chair in a small box, are three of the tiniest kittens he has ever seen. They have huge heads compared to their small, skinny bodies and blue eyes which wake the urge to protect them immediately. John has of course heard of the kindchenschema, but that knowledge doesn’t make him immune to it at all. Except for their eye colour, all three of them are different. The largest one of the bunch has orange longish fur, the one in the middle is grey, and the third one black with a white belly and white paws.
“For example. Horrid title, still.”
They spend a few hours eating cake and watching Treasure Island, Sherlock’s head resting against John’s chest and John enjoys every moment of it. It has been too long since they just spent time together, and the pirate attire is a wonderful bonus. Just as John considers asking his Captain to bed, the detective’s phone buzzes in his pocket. Sherlock reaches for it and is on his feet a moment later.
“Would be boring, anyway, wouldn’t it? Like, if you ever solved the Jack the ripper case, the magic would be gone.”
At a fork, John took only a few seconds to remember where to go and they crossed the small bridge over the brook to duck under the low hanging branch of a beech tree. The trail had grown in quite a bit, not being used as much anymore, but it was still visible.
“Yes, might be best,” John said with a small smile before carefully getting up.
Groans from the far bed made everyone stop and look. John was stirring, he shouldn’t be, he was still on the propofol drip meant to keep him asleep. Mummy stood from where she was still on Sherlock’s bed and went to him, as Molly carefully made her way to check his IVs.
Anthea watched as the paramedics worked on Mycroft. It was not as simple as moving the desk and getting him on a stretcher and going. There was so much pre-work to be done.
“No. I’m DI Greg Lestrade” Greg said trying to sit up more
Sherlock picked the mail up from the hall as he went by and upstairs. He could hear Mrs. Hudson’s music blaring as she baked. He hopped she would bring up some of her strawberry swirls when she was done.
“Not right away, I know John, I know he’s going to have a hard time dealing with everything, processing it all” Sherlock replied
Mycroft sighed
“When I am done with you I am taking out the child then I will revel in the sweet reward of killing Sherlock” Sebastian said as he charged at John.
The feast was served. Mycroft and Greg taking turns to feed each other between kisses that were heralded by the clinking of silverware to glasses.
“That would be wonderful. Thank you” Sherlock said moving his arm around John to support him.
Eurus looked across the hall at the room that held her little sister.
“Yes.” Josie continued “Could you imagine what would have happened if Sherlock Holmes and John Watson hadn’t been there to stop him”
Mycroft was grateful for the concierge service that would pick up their luggage and deliver it home. They had went with one suitcase each and returned with three each. Greg’s second suitcase was filled with items for Rosie. Mostly princess dresses she could grow into and even a pirate costume for her to play in. Not to mention all the stuffies, they has a small suitcase filled to the brim with nearly hundreds of little stuffed logs called Tsum Tusms that they were told all the kids loved. So of course Greg had to buy every single cute one for Rosie and then an oversized on of Chewbacca for himself.
Her fridge was full of food; she had shopped after seeing Ashton off at the train station.
Sherlock looked down and struggled to hold back the tears. He looked up and walked up to John who was giving Mrs. Hudson a hug.
“People talk already, don’t you go on social media?” Sherlock gave a soft laugh. “We’ll rebuild Baker Street, add a nursery and you me and Rosie against the world”
The House at the corner of Queen Alexandra Road and Ashbrooke Range Sunderland UK was beautiful, fair sized garden and an orangey. Greg had only been up to his Cousin Albert’s house a few times. Last was seven years ago when his nephew Andrew was born.
Short interlude chapter.
John felt his heart beating in his chest but he wasn’t alarmed. This wasn't worrying and he was elated.
There was an echo of voices in the stairwell. Greg gave a small smile. They were saved.
“Just let me lie here and I will be fine” Mary said
"Seven and a half months." Riley replied, "longest that it normally can be, they warned us our first tour would be the shortest, that was 4 months, this is our second deployment."
“Denny, Fredrick my dears. Please escort John and Greg to the infirmary. Marco see if Anthea is awake yet. She can be his nurse. I finally found a use for her.” Eurus said as Denny slung Greg over his shoulder. Fredrick shoved John forward out the door leaving Willa alone. Eurus smiled. She flicked off the microphone and put her back to the monitor.
Mycroft entered the study. He was getting dressed, tucking his shirt into his trousers as he made his way over to the desk.
“And that’s a good thing” Joey spoke up
“Thank you Rosie” Greg said as he took her to the window to let her look out over the gardens. She reached up as a butterfly landed on the ledge. “Oh gentle,” Greg said moving her hand back. “We have to be very gentle with butterflies.”
“John, Sherlock?” Mycroft said forcing a smile.
“Few hours. I had a nap. Just woke up.” John replied
“Someone is going through a great deal to recreate aspects of our cases” Sherlock calmly spoke up.
“Well that is why Dimmock called.” Sherlock smiled. “Two bodies found bludgeoned to death in what could be a black light macabre art piece. You saw the photos, blood arranged just so, the splatters evenly distributed. This one however is unlike yours and Greg little Croydon case as it is blood. The RSID Test confirmed human blood and so it’s off to lab to take a closer look. I will text Molly to get Brodie to see if there are traces of luminol in it.”
floor. A wave of dizziness overtook him and he pitched forward, hitting the floor with an unconscious thump.
"Ah, you needed the money. Army doctor, high action, not a lot of pay really. Plus it's a good free ride home after a whirlwind trip to Paris… with your fellow soldier and companion… who is not a redhead, Willa will be disappointed." Sherlock smiled "What's your name?"
Sherlock carefully sat on the bed careful not to wake her. He brushed a brilliant blonde curl off her face and smiled as her nose wrinkled.
Willa settled into the recliner across from him as their manager Brody entered.
“I killed Mary” Sebastian croaked out, his throat was so dry.
“Of course” Mummy Holmes said
“Yes, but he’s going to be going though one hell of a tough withdrawal phase” John said, Lestrade nodded.
“Sherlock”
“Evening Mr. Lestrade” Tabitha said setting down the tray “Mr. Holmes is sorry but he will not be able to join you for dinner again tonight, he has to take some more phone calls”
A few nights a week she would come over with the ingredients and walk Sherlock though the recipes. Sherlock had remarked that it was just like chemistry making sure everything went in in the right measurements.
Molly opened her eyes and looked around. Mike Stamford was standing just over from her.
hopefully it evens out soon.
"You ok?" John asked.
“Hello Judy” Sherlock said with a smile.
“I’m his mother” Mummy smiled, John gave a weak smile. “And you are going to be fine, bit of bleeding then scaring us all with a fractured skull and internal bleeding, a walking wounded”
John had lots of friends growing up, and had many relationships, some yes were with men. John wasn’t lying when he said he wasn’t gay. He was bi, but all the brief affairs with men, the one long relationship with a guy in his unit, he had thought the affairs were phases and that the relationship with Riley Sutter was a one off thing. He never fell in love with a man the way he did with Riley, well not until he met Sherlock.
“It doesn’t have to be tonight” Sherlock said placing a hand on John’s shoulder.
And the broadcast networks were hacked and the message played.
“DAAAAD, PAAAPAAA!!” She cried as the door of the private jet closed.
“Rosamund Alice Martha” Mary turned to Mrs. Hudson “I think that is a lovely name”
Sherlock nodded again and finished changing.
“Don’t let go of a good thing.” Greg quietly answered.
Mycroft rushed to his side. He sat by him, cared for him, and then got him into an addictions program. By the fourth time Greg called Mycroft didn’t rush. It was cold really. He thought Sherlock was doing it for attention, that this was his way of being the center of attention. How very wrong he was, and it almost cost him his brother’s life.
Shock, understatement, yeah his body was in shock from the trauma is sustained, but also shocked at how he came to have the bleeding wound in his chest.
“What is he doing here?” Greg asked dropping the ball and turning to pack away the net.
Sherlock cuddled in closer to John and slept.
“You didn’t have to wait, Sal,” Greg said as he approached, she handed him a coffee. “Ah, but thank you.”
John nodded and sipped his tea.
John knelt at Mary’s feet, she had been pushing for what seemed like forever and she was getting weaker, the pushes were not forceful anymore. Their young daughter was only just starting to appear.
“What am I marrying into??” Aston asked with a bemused smile
John just nodded and continued to examine Sherlock. His shirt was charred; a large shrapnel filled burn ran from the base of his neck to mid back. John carefully palpitated around Sherlock’s neck something felt off.
Riley smiled, Janice was the best nurse they had. Her knowledge was so extensive that probably in extremely extenuating circumstances she could perhaps step in as a temporary doctor.
“What?” Greg asked looking up from the file.
Eurus said
“I, I try, but I can’t.” John said tears forming.
But all that was gone now. Jim was taken away from him. By Molly Hopper and Mycroft Holmes who helped Sherlock fake his death. By Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade who never waned from believing in Sherlock Holmes, and by Doctor John Watson, the one who never gave up on Sherlock, the same John Watson who reported Sebastian’s first under the table deal with the Afghan forces. The same John Watson who got Sebastian discharged from the royal marines.
“But I am better, I am above you, all of you, I’ve solved unsolvable puzzles and then put forth my own puzzles, I know the solutions but no one else does. Sherlock could be like me, but he lets feelings and sentiment get in the way. He lets love and caring in and half his brain goes out the door. The genius is not meant to be loved, we don’t need love. It gets in the way.” Eurus almost snarled.
Mrs. Hudson passed him up the phone, which was good he didn’t know if he could bend down again right now.
There had to be people searching the building for survivors, why hadn’t they come. Something wasn’t right about this. It was an explosion, that’s usually links to terrorists; the government should be all over this. Mycroft would be texting, or sending agents to check on him. Why was no one here? Would there even be anyone coming?
Marisol was crying, Willa's leg was throbbing, she looked to see the blood on her leg, the bullet hole just above her ankle.
“What?” D’Helley asked not sure if he heard Moriarty correctly.
John sat back down beside Sherlock who pouted “That case was a 10 an I missed out on it, yet Greg solved it” he quietly bemoaned John just giggled.
He looked down at the little one her shoulders and head in his hands. All his focus had been on his little one that he had ignored Mary for the most part. Once he recognized that she was in labor he had stopped checking her, all his focus on the baby.
“Shut up” John said bluntly. The water was at his chest; soon he would start to float. He could hear Willa coughing looking up even in the moonlight he could see the smoke filling the air.
Eurus gave a small smile as she carried the child into the house. She entered the room where his mother was. Irene glared up at Eurus.
“No, they didn’t bother to talk or anything, each in their own little world. By default, Wilhelmina my sister, be a dear and retrieve what is in hatch.” Eurus instructed.
“Hello” he smiled “You gave us quite a scare laying there eyes open and saw in your chest, when I neared though you flinched and passed out. But The firemen are working on getting you free.”
Her legs, they ached, a burning sensation every time she tried to move them. She wasn’t bleeding too much, the saw was stuck in her chest yes, but long as it was there she was fine, it was keeping her from bleeding too much, most of the blood was from the corpse, not that corpses bled a lot but having one tipped over on an angle and the fluids ran.
Rosie made a mimicking like noise of a frog.
Sherlock muttered again.
“We can stay for you, keep you company if you’d like?” Greg
“How come the emergency services are suddenly so mobile?” Sebastian asked as he watched his vehicles moving away from New Scotland Yard.
“Then he’ll be puppy chow.” Victor laughed.
“I was a little occupied” John said before giving her a brief rundown.
Detective Inspector Dimmock had been looking after a lot more of their cases. Greg while back in the field after a two months of desk duty, he had brought Sherlock a lot of cold cases during that time, was not working as many cases directly. He was instead filling in as acting Detective Chief Inspector as DCI Hunt had been killed in the explosion. It was a big promotion and career step up for Greg should the position become permanent, and there really was no reason why it should not.
Greg’s eyes opened and he smiled though the kiss, playfully running his tongue along Mycroft’s lips. Mycroft responded by pulling Greg closer and slipping his tongue deep into Greg’s mouth, Greg gave a small growl and his moved the duvet and pushed his hips against Mycroft’s.
“Very well.” Eurus replied as the third monitor switched from the dying Irene Adler to a quaint little kitchen. “Do you know where this is?”
“Ah yes it is lunch time” He smiled as he headed towards the kitchen.
“Ready?” John asked
“We will have to check our registries sir; the MET was also hit with a similar explosion.” A second paramedic said. This elicited glares from Anthea and the first paramedic.
“Dinner can wait.” Sherlock said kneeling down next to John “You’ve never had this happen during a meal. I fear you are getting worse” Sherlock was worried “Could this be a side effect of the internal bleeding and your surgery?”
“Actually I am better then I initially thought, the pressure of the desk is pinning my leg preventing blood loss, will most likely be losing that lower half, luckily for me there are great advancements in the world of prosthetic limbs.” He acknowledged the desk in front of him. “Small minor puncture wound in my side just above my hip; don’t believe it hit anything major, thank god for a little bit of pudge left on my sides. And I seem to have had quite the knock on my head which is probably why I cannot shut myself up. Now if you could please kneel down here I will get your shoulder back in.” Mycroft continued as he grasped Anthea’s wrist.
.” Eurus said over the intercom.
“The victims had a black light as the main light source in the living area.” Sherlock answered “Could they have injected themselves with Luminol prior to being murdered?”
“They’re all married.” Sherlock answered with exasperation. How stupid was this trapped in this building and force to play stupid games for lives of others.
=-=-=-=
Mycroft took a log drink of the lemonade. It was then he noticed why Albert was told not to let Andrew have any. The gin gave the lemonade a nice bite.
“I’m sorry the Emelia Ricoletti case was?” Lestrade asked looking at John and Mycroft.
“Forgive me Mrs. Holmes, My name is Irene Adler. You son helped me with a very delicate situation a few years ago” Irene said offering her hand to Mummy Holmes.
“You can’t hold it” John snapped as he looked around.
Mycroft smiled as Flora returned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Elijah this is doctor John Watson, we briefly met at the park, where are you buddy?” John asked
The woman folded the paper and looked at Sebastian, tears streaking down his cheeks.
“I was bored” Eurus replied
Greg took another look at the budget sheet, he hated budget paperwork the most out of all the kinds of paperwork there was. He turned on the TV to watch the news as he ate. Trump this, Brexit that. Greg didn’t want to think about it, there was something about a new anti-terrorism bill before parliament; they were talking about the attacks on the MET. They put up a picture of Moran and one of Moriarty. Greg grabbed the remote and turned the TV off. He leaned back in the chair and shut his eyes. When would they stop being everywhere? He knew they needed to keep the public aware and he knew that there may still be the network there with the ties that they didn’t know about. Who know who was out there gearing up for an attack?
They'd brought Martin to a small palliative care room. He lay in the bed, thin and wan. His respiration was shallow and rapid. Cold sweat beaded on his forehead. John sat down next to him, took Martin's pale hand between his own. He was unconscious. John looked up at the orderly, a question on his face. She gave him a slight shake of her head.
Four sessions. That was how long he'd talked about Eurus, explained what had happened, spoken of his parents and Mycroft. Victor. Redbeard. Everything he'd suppressed and only rediscovered recently. Sketchy memories. Fragments of happiness and light. Along with a deep awareness of a darkness. Confusion. Fear. A disturbing realisation of being alone. Abandoned. Betrayed. Lied to. Lied to by everyone. The decision never to trust anyone, never to believe anything again. And the crystal-clear knowledge that he needed to be strong all on his own. To lift himself above things on his own power in order to survive. The need to be good. Better than the others. "My mental superiority protects me," he'd said. With utter conviction.
"You didn't say no," he said soberly.
"Could you please produce them, Mr Watson?"
A casual walking pace. Saving energy. Able to keep going for a long time.
"Dr Watson? If you'd follow me please."
John sat on his chair, pale and silent, his expression one of deep concern. Ella had kept him away from Sherlock. Sherlock signalled him with his eyes that everything was all right. John nodded back, barely perceptibly. His eyes remained anxious and worried.
"Fascinating, isn't it?" Sherlock remembered how amazed he'd been at the beauty of the delicate skeleton. "And this was my most precious gemstone." Sherlock laid a piece of blue glass in John's hand. A thick shard, perhaps from the bottom of a bottle. "Oh yes, and this here was my seal. My secret pirate seal." Sherlock smiled as he dug the flat stone out of the treasure chest. They'd etched seals for themselves in the limestone with an old nail. His showed a skull and a sword. And the symbol in the bottom left was a kraken. "Victor's was the same," Sherlock said as he put the stone into John's hand, "but his had a whale down here instead of the kraken."
John swallowed, searching the smouldering blue eyes before him. He could feel the pull of the shirt across his chest, Sherlock's fingers twisted in the fabric, the hard bones underneath his own hand, which still lay uncertainly on top. Sherlock's laboured breaths. His throbbing pulse. It took several long seconds until the meaning of what Sherlock was telling him got through to his conscious mind.
John stared defiantly at Sherlock, who sat there relaxed on the couch, his legs crossed, his arm stretched out across the back. It made John angry.
"Of course. But not at this stage. So feel free, have a look. And bring your partner."
To John's bemusement, Sherlock released their hands and started lifting each candle individually, shining underneath each one with a little torch he'd pulled out of his pocket. He crouched down, running his fingers over the underside of the metal candle holder, and shone his light around it as well. A huff escaped him when he found nothing, and he turned his attention to the altar itself.
John ordered a simple meal at the hotel restaurant. Hash browns au gratin, with local cheese from the Alps. He'd showered and freshened up, packed his bags. He was tired and hungry. His leg hurt. After dinner, he ordered a quarter bottle of red wine. He selected a Swiss wine from the Valais region that he was already familiar with. Heavy sun, meagre soil. It wasn't one of the best wines. It was an honest wine from high-altitute vineyards. At the edge of what was possible. It wasn't perfect. It was just what nature allowed it to be. It skirted the limit. Sour, tart, and genuine. The people here drank it out of a sense of sentimentality and patriotism. John felt an affinity to that attitude.
I found him in an open, circular pavillion amidst some old trees. He was leaning on one of the columns around the pavillion's circumference, a dark, slender shadow smoking a cigarette. I stopped where I was, hesitant. His silhouette stood out in relief. He was leaning heavily against the column as if he had no strength of his own to stand.
"Archetypes of masculinity?" John had no idea what that meant.
Eurus was right. He'd been chasing himself, running away from himself. The whole time. Doing nothing had been more stressful to him, made him more frantic, than anything else. The fear of standing still and having to acknowledge himself. Now his body was involved. He couldn't run away anymore. He sat in John's flat and let time pass. It passed indiscriminately. He observed the route of the sun, daydreamed, answered emails, and spent hours on end practising the piece Eurus had composed for him.
"No. The liver also doesn't look as if he were a habitual drinker."
"No, John."
"John."
Mycroft was unable to hide his surprise.
Sherlock hooked his arm through John's as they walked across the darkened field to the nearest footpath. He didn't trust himself enough to take John's hand. John wasn't there with him. He was with Eve. With Meredith. With Clark. John had been working A&E that day, five weeks ago, and Sherlock didn't feel it was his place to interfere with those memories.
Sherlock hugged John unexpectedly, right there on the dark path in the midst of the wind and the rain. Just stopped in his tracks and pulled John close. Almost rough. Clumsy. His coat damp, his hair wet, his arms heavy around John's neck. His slim body flung – thrown – into John's arms with its full weight. After a moment of surprise, John put his arms around Sherlock's waist, tugged his body all the way in and held on to him. A gasping sigh against John's neck, damp-wet heat. Raindrops. Strands of hair glued to John's temple by the wind.
"When and how?"
"How did you get here?" John asked in annoyance.
"Are those not your horses over there?"
Phil said, "I already made a detailed statement on all of that."
"That hasn't happened yet?"
"Good." John squeezed Sherlock gently.
John wrote:
Eighteen years.
"Intimidating in its complexity," he said. "The elaborate intricacy of his personality is reflected in his love. Maybe you need to look at it like that in order to understand him. He's a highly unusual man. You should be proud of his friendship."
John had ended up lashing out at anything and everything, blind and implacable, had shouted at the man in the opposing corner with his ridiculous orange armchair until he was exhausted. Had been hit by a shock wave as a biting, disparaging, on-target tirade of invective was sent back at him. Sherlock's unfiltered aggression. A firestorm that had made him stumble back against the wall. He'd shot back with everything he had, ranted and raged, out of control, pounded his fist into the padding of the armchair in front of him that blocked his way, the fucking lime green thing. He wanted nothing more than to slam his fist into Sherlock's face, beat him bloody, to make him stop, just to make him stop. But he hadn't stopped. John had been knocked down again by a fresh wave of hate and contempt, and been shocked by its vehemence. At some point, nothing more had come. He'd screamed himself empty. Hadn't found any more words he might have slung back, hadn't had any strength left. It just became still. Sherlock had broken down gasping in the corner. And John had fled.
"As I said: the ideal person for this investigation. Please, John. We've overcome far more dangerous situations."
John woke up and jolted upright; something was covering his mouth. It was a good thing: if the wiry hand hadn't been pressed over his mouth in a steely grip - the other hand providing counterpressure on the back of his neck - he would have screamed out. As it was, there was only a muffled gurgle. Then Sherlock slowly let go, laying his index finger across John's mouth, letting it rest there for a while. Until John had recovered from the shock and understood the message. Then John reached for the hand on his lips, for the face of the man who was sitting on the bed next to him in the dark of night, and they hugged, hard and fierce.
I am discovering emotional pathways that can be opened whilst remaining controlled. Making happiness something I can experience without fear. Touching the soul, expanding and warming it. No sense of being overwhelmed and out of control, of being ploughed under, stirred up and burnt by passion. No catastrophe that leaves me empty and disorientated, the way The Woman did. That will remain a thing unto itself. It is not what I am looking for. I should have trusted myself, should have listened to my own voice. Not to John. John didn't understand me. He is only now beginning to understand me. Just as I am only now beginning to understand myself.
"How do you know it's a psalm?" Sherlock asked out of the blue.
John stared off into the distance for a moment, apparently thinking.
She shakes her head.
"I quit medical school in order to join the Order of the Merciful Cross. I work as a nurse at the hospital, as do my sister nuns. Yes, I went with Stean and showed him where to insert the sword so that it would be over quickly. I left the men alone for the ritual itself. And yes, I gave Stean the pentobarbitone upon his request. I have access to all the drugs and poisons at the hospital. Two charges of assisted suicide, I should think. I confess to everything. Place me under arrest." Calm and proud, she extended her hands to Lestrade, wrists crossed.
"No."
"Who else has the key?"
He pulled Sherlock to the bed. Their scant articles of clothing landed on the floor on the way. They embraced, full of desire. Sherlock surrendered any reservations he had left. Surrendered his head. Surrendered all control. Gave himself over to the rush completely, took what his body demanded, conquered John slowly, attentively, single-mindedly. John was taken aback by it for a moment. But then he opened himself up to this new experience, so profound, so pivotal that it jarred him. Sherlock was giving himself up. Utterly. And John let go. Gave himself to Sherlock, made a gift of himself, unconditional. Sherlock loved him, pursued the desire between them with a care that touched John deeply. Grief expanded within him, opening him up. John didn't know whether it was grief for Martin. It was old and profound, mixed with devotion. Unconditional surrender. Maybe it was the same thing. Grief and devotion, both meant a total letting-go in love. No reservations, no alternatives, no safety net. And in the same moment, John knew what it was that he wanted, that he yearned for so much.
"He was always proper, you know? He never made the first move. He never pressured me or propositioned me. He was waiting for my decision. I was close, Sherlock. I was very close."
Sherlock nodded and extricated himself from the embrace: slowly and just far enough to be able to look into John's eyes. Their gazes lingered. Long and sober. Sherlock's eyes were unusually clear and lucid.
But then a sudden wave of heat had crashed over both of them. John's legs had turned to jelly when Sherlock bit into his lip and moaned into his mouth. Sherlock's hands had dug into his hair and their kiss had turned passionate and demanding for several long, hot, uninhibited moments. John had realised with a sense of shock how strongly his body was reacting to it.
Sherlock shook his head slowly. "It's the right trail. I'm sure of it. But I must have overlooked something. I simply don't know what."
"Rosie?" Sherlock asked hesitantly, still looking into the little girl's eyes, who stared back curiously.
Then a sudden shock. John pushed back the sleeve of his jacket with shaky hands, looked at his watch. 8:03 p.m. John's heart threatened to burst. Was Sherlock already here? Had he been and left again? He pulled himself together, got to his feet, put his hand on the doorknob. A brief hesitation, then he turned it.
I should tell him.
"She denies it. But..." Sherlock fell silent, stared into the distance for a few seconds, then lowered his head, splayed his fingers and pressed them to his forehead, and closed his eyes. He seemed to have found something in his mind palace.
The Yard was in an uproar. The diamonds really were part of the missing Royal Collection. Sherlock grinned, vindicated, when the police lab confirmed his suspicion.
"You are bold, Doctor."
"I know, darling," her mother said with a sigh. "But you shouldn't just speak to strangers, Amy. They might not want to talk to you, you know."
John logged in and started the scanner, copied the pages and printed then out. While the old, slow printer noisily churned out the scanned pages, John clicked around on the computer, opened the folder with the financial records, a simple Excel document. He thought about printing it out but decided against it. The Suffolk Constabulary had taken the computer and combed through it following Davide Perilli's murder. John remembered the report. They hadn't found anything suspicious. John clicked around, not really thinking about anything as he opened the browser history. Just curious.
"Walk with me a bit?" John asked.
The playing stopped abruptly. Footsteps. Sherlock opened the door. Violin and bow in his left hand. His expression hard and pale. They stared at each other. Sherlock took a tenative step back to let John in, not saying anything. John set his bag down on the stone floor and closed the door behind him. Sherlock was still standing there with the violin, frozen. John didn't know what he should do. He'd prepared something to say, but it was all gone. His eyes stung. Tears were still running down his face. Sherlock's eyes were dark and wounded. A constant flickering in them. His lips twitched, he bit down on them. His face like stone. They didn't speak. Neither of them spoke.
“Yes” John replied as the familiar face of one Henry Knight came into view. He was armed with a knife and was running.
“What the fuck happened?” Wilshire yelled as he exited HQ with Colonel Hendricks the base CO.
Molly took off her blindfold and looked around the empty dance floor slightly confused. She turned and saw Brodie.
John stared out the window at the street below.
=-=-=
“Everyone I care about dies. My mother, yes I cared for her. I only wish I could have gotten her away from my father. Riley, Mary. I almost lost you. I did lose you once and I almost took my own leap off of St. Bart’s roof. Greg, Mrs. Hudson and meeting Mary helped that. Then you came back to me, and they tried to take you away again. Twice. It takes its toll on a person.” John said as the tears slowly stopped.
John was still very weak; Sherlock insisted that he stay home from work, to focus on getting well.
Greg grabbed a brownie and a beer from the fridge and headed into the study. He and Mycroft had been going over some of the taskforces files when Sherlock had called about John. Greg sat at the desk and opened one up. It was on Irene and what the taskforce could find.
“Don’t you dare!” Molly said with a giggle as she playfully moved away from him.
He was going to get better, to be there for Sherlock and for Rosie. No more of this stupid overly proud soldier that was too stubborn to ask for help.
Seemed Irene would never give up either. Records of the hotel computers searches showed she still kept a keen eye on Sherlock. That she had texted him a few times over the years as well. Mostly a Happy Birthday or an I know you aren’t dead what are you up to text.
Ashton was already seated in the audience. Oh, they had had a row when she had first returned home. She had kept her word and had told him the truth, everything, and he understandably was furious. She ended up spending the night with Marisol as when she returned home Victor's car was there and she felt no urge to see him. IF she saw him he would have a gift, and Willa didn't know if she was strong enough to refuse.
John held Rosie and Sherlock close as they made their way to the car that would take them back to the little bed and breakfast for the night.
“I will text” John replied “No sense bringing the two of you into this. Take Rosie to the park. Feed the ducks”
John brought in the fresh pot of tea and filled Sherlock mug again.
“What’s wrong?” Mycroft asked stepping closer to the monitor.
“Take Rosie into Sherlock’s bedroom and hid behind his bed, take my mobile and try and text everyone in there to see if we can get some help.” John helped her up there was a growing pain in his stomach. “Do not make a sound”
“So like the Emelia Ricoletti case there has to be a network of people keeping the spirit, the thought, the threat alive.” Sherlock said looking up at his mantle and shelves
“Mike where are you.” Sherlock asked as Anderson’s eyes went wide at the realization of what was happening.
"I'll put it down when I am finished," Victor said pulling the trigger.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_word_in_English
John just nodded
“He took the loss of limb rather well” Anthea said giving Daddy Holmes a smile.
Be all My Sins Remember'd
"Is it a redhead?" Willa asked. "I haven't a ginger in a while" She smiled as she stood and headed to the back.
Willa stumbled into the room. Sherlock and Mycroft were standing by the monitors watching John and Anthea in the infirmary. The turned and looked as the door closed. The woman stood timidly still by the door looking at the floor. The shock collar was gone, large red welts marred her skin from where the collar had made contact.
Mycroft tried but he just couldn’t hold back the smile as John and Sherlock entered the restaurant to loud applause and shouts of joy. His little brother had finally taken a step that Mycroft never thought he would. He was now officially a married man. Not only that but he was a family man. Mycroft’s wedding gift to the happy couple was the new official adoption papers for Rosie. She was now officially Sherlock’s daughter. It was encased in a memory book Anthea had helped him get made. In it were pictures of Mary so that she would never be forgotten, along with pictures of Rosie with John and Sherlock. There was plenty of space to add photos as the years went on.
“Oh, ok” Greg said looking back down at the paperwork.
"Deep breath," Willa said Sherlock inhaled and as Willa pressed he slowly let out the air holding in a scream as the bones moved back into place.
Sherlock looked down at John and smiled.
Sebastian had been hesitant at first; he had never seen Jim in person, just photos sent on private chats and to just meet in a foreign country alone. But Sebastian was a marine, he could handle himself. Besides the potential of danger just made him excited.
“Sir we have reports of explosions at Baker Street and at the MET” Anthea said entering the office
“Where did you go?” Sherlock asked
“Ok and how are you?” He asked as he started to carefully check over Sherlock.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
“A burrowing explosive, comes in handy, but the ground shaking seems to be a giveaway” Anthea replied as she started moving some of the smaller debris chunks
“Well from the photos Greg has posted on that private Facebook group Mycroft set up They look to be having a blast.” John said turning the phone to show Sherlock.
The plane circled around and landed, the three rushed aboard to see Sherlock there. John looked closely, he had been crying, or at least on the verge of tears. His phone was next to him, Mary said he was reading John’s blog, about how they first met.
He reached the gap near the back, a nice little design in the catwalk to allow easy entry and exits of the models with no traffic at the entryway.
He looked down into the gap. Willa was sitting next to Marisol trying to calm her.
Greg sighed and closed the file.
“Almost. Once the lights are up, Mrs. Hudson and Ashton should have lunch ready. We’ll eat and then trim the tree” Mycroft replied.
Eurus watched on her Monitor as John struggled with the shackles as the water started inching up to his hips. Elijah was rocking on the branch and crying, Willa was just starring out the window watching Elijah rock, and coughing. Sherlock was pacing in his holding cell eyes closed no doubt reaching into the depths of his mind palace trying to solve her song.
“I should have never let you get away in the first place.” Sherlock whispered “All you went though, I should have let you in, and I shouldn’t have lied about the death, I should have let you know sooner, I am so sorry John”
“We going to put that in our wedding vows?” Greg asked leaning in towards Mycroft.
“The greatest family, with the oddest quirks and brightest minds.” John said from beside Sherlock.
“I’m telling you all I know!” Greg replied trying to not let the fear overshadow the anger in his voice. He looked into the elevator Donovan’s blood now running along the tilted floor and pooling in the far left corner.
John tossed a towel over Greg’s shoulder before handing him Rosie. Rosie squealed with delight and planted a sloppy “kiss” on his cheek.
He looked as sick as he sometimes felt.
“If they got out my men would have found them and rounded them up. Either way they are on Baker Street.” Sebastian said ending the call.
“Hello?”
“What was the advice when Connie and I hit the rough patch?” Albert asked
“You want to argue with me?!” Jim said eyes hardening voice rising.
After the dancing came the cake. The chocolate wonder that Greg made was even more decadent than the smaller versions he made for family gatherings.
“I got promoted. Detective Inspector and Donovan got the Sargent’s” He said still lingering by the door. “Guess I have your brother to thank.”
"I told you they are not broken," Sherlock said. As she moved her had to the bruising on his back.
“I guess it’s my turn.” John said sitting up straighter in the chair as the smile faded and the laugh died.
I've decided to turn this into a three part series so stay tuned for
“I am so sorry Molly. I need to you leave. Go to your mothers or up to your cousin in Newcastle-under-Lyme. Just get away from him. He was the one who got them the lay out of the hospital, gave them your schedule so they would know you’d be there. He inserted himself into the open spot after to keep an eye on you. He knew how to woo you as he had been given information by Moran who had all of Moriarty’s old Intel on us. Brodie was injured in Afghanistan in the attack where Moran was first captured He was part of Moran’s team but in all the chaos that followed they assumed he was just another attacked base solider. He is the one who helped Victor lure Mike. Mike would have never suspected anything.”
“Good”
The slightly shorter man was lying on his stomach arm draped over the other’s chest. They could relax here, their security was good. Their own private villa with their own pool with view of the sea and beach access, in a non-extradition country, life was good.
The doctor sighed, Sherlock was right; he had been warned about what it was like having Sherlock Holmes as a patient. The aides moved the chair then moved Sherlock into it.
“There are ten fish in a tank. 2 Drown, 4 Swim away, 3 Die. How many are left?” Eurus asked
(See the end of the chapter for
Rain cascaded down over the windows; the thunder shook the walls as the lightning lit up the sky. Not that there was much to see out the windows, the bleakness of the sea was further highlighted by the ever present fog on the rocky shores.
The ambulance wailed in the distance, Judy moved to the edge of the clearing and waved them over.
Sebastian turned and moved Jim onto the bed. He slowly worked his way down Jim’s chest stopping to suck on his nipple.
“Yes well circumstances beyond my control led to that being necessary.” Irene said sitting in a chair next to Mummy Holmes. “Your son is very special and I am sorry this had to happen to any of them. I blame myself really, but After James Moriarty killed himself on the roof of St. Bartholomew’s I thought I was free from the hold I was under. His lover, Sebastian Moran however was still around and very volatile, he’d lost everything when Moriarty died. I barely saw him for nearly a year, then he started receiving many calls from England and I, I was curious, and I listened in, He was making plans with a woman to end Sherlock. I didn’t hear much as the woman was somehow aware that they were being listened to. Sebastian just thought it was a maid and thought nothing more of it. When Sebastian didn’t return to Greece after his last trip up to Kuwait I got suspicious and I went to his room. I found everything, the plans the blueprints of the buildings. So I called. I just wish I had done more sooner.” Irene said eyes tearing up
“Mary died shortly after giving birth to Rosie” She said
“Worked a messy case, had some blood on me, the hospital gave me these to wear. I am not injured” He said as the kids checked him over. “There was a shooting the lady was bleeding, and I held pressure on the wound until the paramedics arrived.”
He looked at her but complied. Willa put her arms around him and placed them on the joint.
=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
“Can Mummy or Miss Willa come too” Elijah asked
“I need to call Gregory.” Mycroft softly said looking up at the paramedic.
John smiled and leaned in closer to Sherlock.
Rosie booped his nose as he handed her back to Mrs. Hudson.
“Just a muscle relaxer makes it so you can’t do much” She said as she tore the end of the envelope and slid out the letter.
John pushed the door open and headed upstairs, the smell of garlic and tomatoes filled his nose as the sounds of a violin playing.
“I said I knew what he was going to next” Sherlock replied.
Oh that would be wonderful” Mycroft replied “You should see Sherlock in one of those.”
so this is now where the writing started after s4 aired and now I'm still going to do things my way
William Sherlock Scott and Dora Wilhelmina Anne Holmes or Sherlock and Willa as they were professionally known were fraternal twins born a mere eight minutes apart. Sherlock was the first and they guessed Willa didn't want to wait to make her debut.
“Ok” Dimmock said into the microphone “When I say go, Take off your blind folds and the surprised will be awaiting you” He paused “GO!”
“Gregory please this is not the place” Mycroft tried to calm him.
Eurus picked up her violin and started to play.
Ashton stood and cheered loudly as one of the venue assistance brought a bouquet of flowers out to present to Marisol.
John headed back to the sitting area. He asked Mary if she would prefer to move up to the second bedroom. She just shook her head and yawned. John quietly hummed as Mrs. Hudson entered with the tea tray.
“This is one part of it. I promise I will tell you all but for now I can’t.” Mycroft grabbed his umbrella and headed to the door. “Work on the task force materials or get some sleep. I will see you in the morning.”
One of the men approached.
Sebastian made easy work of bringing John down, he took out his legs then a punch to the solar plexus had John reeling.
“You’re a Holmes boy as well now.” Greg smiled “Welcome to the family.”
“I’m not stupid.” Willa said as she pressed down hard on the wound.
Elijah understood what Sherlock was asking and took a picture of the lock.
“I am glad you feel that way. I would love to be William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes” Sherlock smiled.
“Mycroft won’t like that. Even with sunscreen he’s going to freckle, always has and always will. It’s why he hides indoors so much” Sherlock laughed. “I do hope he or Gavin don’t burn, would hate for their honeymoon to be ruined”
Mycroft carefully got in on the seat next to Greg as John helped Sherlock in to the seat facing them.
The computers and agency were supposed to be off line for nearly the entire day. The city was supposed to be shut down, panic and chaos.
“Yep.” Willa smiled
Sherlock’s eyes reddened as the tears welled. John had been getting better. What had sent him off down this much worse path? He didn’t know if he should talk to Diane, he understood patient/doctor confidentiality but perhaps she could help Sherlock help John.
The looks on Mycroft and Sherlock’s faces as they stood outside watching their lives go up in flames. Daddy wasn’t home that night he was at the hospital reading to Willa. Uncle Rudy was though; he’s the one who saw Eurus, saw her with the rest of the matches in her pocket, the fuel smell still on her hands.
“I don’t really feel that well.” John said leaning on Sherlock.
