The second Sherlock allowed himself to remember the face of that atrocious woman, his fists clenched in untamed anger. All those intrusive thoughts he tried to sweep away in order to not descend into derangement were suddenly coming back in vivid images painted all over his mind. First there were just words, ‘
“Yes. Yes, I heard you,” Sherlock nodded but kept his head down. “But I couldn't. Because if I did... If I did let you know, who knows what would have happened. I couldn't risk it, don't you get it? I needed to make sure that no harm would come to you. I had to take care of Moriarty's network first and then-”
John doesn’t reply. Sherlock stands silently, watching him weep, the mere sight shredding his heart into pieces. For a moment he wavers, reconsidering his next move, but then he takes one more step toward John, determined to break through the walls John has built around himself, no matter how difficult it might be, no matter how painful and bitter the taste of his words. And bitter it is.
“I… am your best friend, am I not?“ he clears his throat, withdrawing his hands from John’s face as if suddenly feeling somewhat guilty for initiating such an intimate contact. His eyes however, never leave John’s.
different. I am sure there were dozens of women who’d want to get on with me, but who cares, I’ve always knew that I preferred boys over girls. But boys had never preferred
... Until they close their eyes and lock their lips in a kiss. Holding onto that moment for a few long seconds. It's very, very gentle and soft but an incredibly emotional first kiss.
“Very sorry, John,“ he panted, trying to tangle himself in a sheet without leaving a room for John to see anything he wasn’t supposed to yet.
“I didn’t mean to go after him in the dead of the night, especially not after such a conversation we’ve had, John. But since he was about to get on the midnight train and escape, there was no other choice.“
John catches himself opening and closing his mouth so stupidly, unable to offer an immediate reply so he rather responses with another kiss, kiss that speaks louder than a thousand words.
“No, it’s okay,“ Sherlock assured him, leaning down so to shorten the gap between them. “I told you- I don’t mind. And yes, I was talking about sex, John, of course… obviously.“
“Are you not coming?” Sherlock laughs once after he emerges from the water and for good measure, he splashes John, who can't pretend to be annoyed for five seconds but he sure as hell won't let Sherlock get away with it that easily.
Sherlock sitting in his chair. This time, however, John is half-sitting on the arm of Sherlock's chair. Arms crossed over his chest.
!” An unpleasant, scornful voice disrupts the atmosphere, forcing Sherlock and John to break apart. John, especially, seems to be aggrieved and perhaps a touch
“I’ll understand if you want to tone it down a bit, though,” Sherlock suddenly says and it takes a moment for John to comprehend. He can’t possibly concur with that now, though, for if he did, he could as well admit what kissing Sherlock truly made him feel like. Better keep downplaying it...
“We're... still kissing,” John exhales against Sherlock's parted lips, knowing full well that he's not making much sense but he had to say
“You?“ John snorted.  “Correct me if I am wrong, but you escaped the hospital half-unconscious, while still in need of a morphine. Which one of us is a greater fool?“
It wasn’t until Sherlock slowly tilted his head to the side, not until he let out a broken ‘John’ out of his throat, not until then John dared to close the remaining gap between them. The very moment he pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, he had been overwhelmed with emotions of all diverse kinds - relief, anticipation,
John piped down immediately upon noticing Sherlock's sullen pout. It seemed it had been far too late to take any of what he'd said back so John could as well answer Sherlock’s question instead.
He swiftly unbuttoned John’s shirt, bent over John’s body and pressed his palms flat against the middle of his chest, pushing down, counting the number of compressions he made, all while his eyes have been hovering over John’s pale face.
“Of course I trust you,“ John smiled fondly, his cheeks tinged pink. John’s heart beat with relief, fluttering as fast as if there was a tiny hummingbird caged inside his chest. The way Sherlock looked at him, so sincerely, so openly grateful for John’s support, it had been a proof enough that he wasn’t fibbing this time. Sherlock was certainly in need of much more than just a cup of tea so he would fully recover, there was no doubt, but John was prepared to provide whatever was necessary. As it seemed, they had already made the first, crucial step.
“I - I was wondering,“ Sherlock cleared his throat, his fingers nervously drumming on a mug. “Whether you -  I mean, you don’t seem you’re about to leave so… are you – are you going to stay for tonight?“ he bit his lip, glaring at John from under his lashes.
On John, at the counter. Takes two mugs, puts them in front of Sherlock, who's already taken a seat at the table.
love me back is enough,“ Sherlock confessed, shutting his eyes tight for a brief second. “I thought you didn’t… I didn’t know-“
who we’re talking about. Don’t you remember what the doctor said? You’re still weak and you’re going to remain that way for another couple of days. Maybe weeks even.“
“I told you, didn’t I?“ Mycroft sighed in what was an utter exasperation but Sherlock acted as if he never heard those words before.
It's alright, there's nothing going on here, people. Just a wild animal on the loose. We're taking care of it. You can resume walking now.
“I’ll lead. If I may?“ John suggested, once after they stood still in the middle of the room already, ever so gently, carefully placing his hand on Sherlock’s waist. John couldn’t not notice the light shade of pink his cheeks were painted with. He could feel Sherlock shivering beneath his touch, his breath quickening and his eyes... avoiding John’s at all cost.
. John can feel another surge of pleasure overcome him as he realises how close to having sex with Sherlock he is. Or will be, if he doesn't come into his pants here and now, which isn't completely out of the realm of possibilities considering that Sherlock has just returned to sucking on his neck and his hand is still between his legs.
“You know how I love when you do this to me-“ he makes an obscure gesture with his hand, clearing his throat, still a little sore from earlier but the smile on his lips doesn’t fade away. “If you wouldn’t mind though, I would like to get cleaned now. I enjoyed all of that, immensely so, John. I’ve never been able to immerse in your voice and touch like this. I
Sherlock's name but he doesn't slow down for a second, not even to catch his breath. Nibbling Sherlock's bottom lip, he keeps stroking his cock until he drives Sherlock toward his orgasm and makes him cry out and come all over himself.
,” Sherlock attempts to choke back a chuckle but he fails. His voice, however, is as mellow and warm as it could be. “I meant
But now that there had been none left to solve, they had no reason to hold back any more and so John found himself pressed against the wooden door, Sherlock’s lips brushing his skin everywhere Sherlock could reach, his deft hands working fast to strip off John’s jacket and shirt.
Albeit slightly disoriented and dopey, John eventually manages to rise to his feet and after a couple of moments of staggering through the pitch dark bedroom he finally crashes into the bed and drifts off...
The moment their lips touch, the rest of the world ceases to exist. In an instant, John cradles Sherlock's face in his hands and ever so lovingly caresses his cheeks with his thumbs. Sherlock's lips are as soft and honey-sweet as John remembers and as equally electrifying, impelling him to kiss even more eagerly. Judging by the whimpers vibrating deep in Sherlock 's throat, he seems to be more than happy to deepen the kiss.
“Yeah, sex… that’s what I meant,“ John mumbled, avoiding the other man’s eyes. He felt immensely embarrassed suddenly, as if the two of them were never meant to talk about such intimacies.
John was right after all, about everything, and Sherlock hated himself for that he had not been able to admit it just yet. He hated himself for faking and pretending for such a long time, for lying to John just so he could protect the truth, that dark secret he had sworn to never give away. The reason behind Sherlock’s pain and trauma, the reason why he had not only decided to deny himself any kind of feelings that had the power to affect him more he was willing to allow, but why he also always blamed himself for everything bad that had happened to the people he loved. The reason why instead of reaching for help, he had reached for drugs so many times. Sherlock had managed to keep that childhood secret hidden from John, never even hinting at it, he had always managed to stay in control, whatever the circumstances. But now that Mycroft was gone the pressure that had been pushing down on Sherlock for well over three decades was even more violent,
John sniggers at that, but then notices that Sherlock hasn’t even glanced at the menu yet and his face scrunches into a frown. “You’re eating too.”
Sherlock finds himself paralysed in bewilderment, he can’t even bring himself to reply. Receiving no answer, John immediately averts his gaze, glint of disappointment flashing over his face, perhaps even embarrassment.
The key is to make the proposal perfect. Don't make the moment too romantic, that could ruin it, John. When I was proposed to, I-
“I-I… I am sorry, John, but I have to go,“ Sherlock stammered, quickly rising up and grabbing his coat that was tossed over the arm of the chair. He rushed toward the door, not even turning back, but John of course couldn’t let him go that easily.
“It’s Mary,“ he added with a sigh when Sherlock didn’t seem to be ready to reply. Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat upon hearing that name. Mary. She was supposed to text him any minute. There was no excuse Sherlock had prepared in case it happens while John is still around.
“No, of course not,“ Sherlock snorted, putting aside his empty plate. “But it feels rather strange to be honest,“ he remarked. “We’ve spent the entire day together, in a way I could’ve only hoped for before today. And yet, you were right, John, it felt as if nothing’s even changed, it felt odd but so right in the same time.“
They both breathe a sigh of relief when the elevator arrives, because few more seconds and one of them would give in and
“No, no, no,“ Sherlock blurted out, worried he might have given off a wrong impression again. “I – I
The reason was plain and simple; everything in the room was reminding him of Sherlock. His smell was lingering around John, smell of vanilla and light spring breeze. It was Sherlock’s pillow John had his head laid on, Sherlock’s smooth covers and sheets, all it took for John was to close his eyes and he felt Sherlock’s presence beside him. Except of course, he wasn’t there. Sherlock was up and ready to work for the whole night, just so he could catch Mary as soon as possible. John could hear him pacing around the sitting room, occasionally talking to himself, but it was all nothing but incoherent babbling.
“Well, it had been just a couple of hours, but I sort of live here, Sherlock,“ John chuckled, but then his face turned a tad more serious. “Are you… busy?“
John blinks, realising the other side of the bed is empty. Sheets crumpled but Sherlock nowhere to be seen.
John sighs, rubs a hand down his face. His voice is hoarse, sounds terribly guilty, as if reproaching himself.
of what is a relationship supposed to offer?“ John asked in a half-whisper, his brow furrowed as if he was afraid of his own words. “Sherlock, look, I know that technically we’ve been a couple for just a very short period of time, but my point is that- can you imagine - in the future of course- having a-“
“Tell me, am I doing something wrong? I don’t understand,“ Sherlock lamented, tears sparkling in his eyes. Once after he finally lifted his gaze again, there was no doubt about how hurt and insecure he really felt.
“I’ve been waiting ages for this,“ John murmured against the skin, planting tiny kisses all over Sherlock’s throat.
“Let’s take a break for a moment,“ John suggests, his mellow voice snapping Sherlock out of daydreaming.
, listen to me, I-“ Sherlock takes another deep breath, knowing he has to choose his words with utmost care so to avoid causing more hurt.
“What?“ John cut him off, shortening the distance between them. “Make up for something? Sherlock, I told you, there is no need, it’s not your fault that I got shot. You owe me nothing.“
“To hell with patience,“ Sherlock half-chuckles, half-whines, but begs no more, letting out an exasperated sigh. “Do you even realise that your lips taste much better than strawberries, John?“
A small gasp catches in Sherlock's throat. At once and without hesitation, he leans to close the gap between them and kisses John,
Sherlock, I know what you're thinking, but you shouldn't burden yourself with such thoughts. What happened doesn't... it doesn't diminish you in any way.
John succeeds at keeping a straight face for only the briefest moment before he loses it and dissolves to giggles. “And here I thought you wouldn't notice.”
“Oh really?“ John scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. “So who gave away our true identities? Who couldn’t even
John freezes. That wasn’t a mere observation. More like a compliment, a small, timid, half-whisper. A compliment John can only hardly formulate a proper response to.
“Shut up, Sherlock,“ John huffed, lazily nudging Sherlock’s chest. “You know what, I am banning this subject for good.“
“No, shut up, let me finish, please. I am angry, but not even because you didn’t tell me that you’re plotting against my wife. I am angry because after all this time, after everything we’ve been through together, after I forgave you for that you had left me alone, that you had let me grieve for two years… how could you doubt that I would forgive you this time, hm?“
return to the hotel room after dinner, John doesn't get to do much other than change and he isn't exactly happy about it. Because Sherlock has decided that tonight of all nights it's a perfect night for going out and have a drink and while John isn't opposed to the idea itself, he really,
“What’s wrong?“ John lazily shuffled out of the bedroom with a sleepy yawn. Wearing nothing but a buttoned-down shirt and pants, he headed straight toward Sherlock who sat in front of the laptop in the sitting room – fingers intertwined under his chin, eyes focused on the screen, his mind working at full pelt. As soon as John approached him, he encircled his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, pecking his ruffled mess of hairs.
“N-not exactly,“ John stuttered, realising how stupid he must’ve looked staring at Sherlock like that. “I just –
“That’s incredibly flattering, love, but you’re misunderstanding,“ John explains. “First of all, yes, our sex life couldn’t be more perfect, no objections whatsoever. But it’s not entirely about the sex itself. It’s definitely not about preventing you from seeing my face,“ he chuckles, reaching to brush Sherlock’s hand. “It’s just
“No-no big deal? What happened? Didn’t I tell you to be careful if you’re going- where even you’ve been?“
“No, of-of course not,“ John shook his head, shifting closer to Sherlock who in the meantime did the same.
“You’re exaggerating,“ John snapped him. “You and all those bloody physicians too, I am fine, can’t you see?“ John tried to prove it by taking a few brisk steps, but as soon as he hastened his pace a sharp cutting pain hit him in the ribs and he had to reach for the railing in order to not collapse on the pavement.
“Is that all what you’ve got?“ Mary broke the silence, shifting a little closer with her hand still hovering in the air.
Trust me, I love the idea as much as you, but... Don't you think we should discuss this whole thing first before we, um...
This isn't about me, John. That woman needs help and I've promised it. Earlier this morning I contacted the landlady, in order to learn more about this -
“I knew you would find out… eventually. “Mary smiled in a manner that could be easily interpreted as fearsome.
Ah, certainly. If I were you I'd go through the files of every single male bank employee in London. The redheads, obviously. That's where you'll find the men you're looking for. I am about ninety nine percent sure.
“Of course I do remember, Sherlock. It’s the first one you played when teaching me how to dance. I’ve always loved it. Simple but...
He looked so small and vulnerable, sitting there, hugging his knees, his face so innocent and soft and eyes tender and shining like billions of stars. John was desperate to approach him and take him into his arms and hold him, hold him until the end of time.
And do you, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, take John Hamish Watson, to be your lawfully wedded husband?
“Why... why would it bother me?” John's voice quavers, because God, it’s almost like Sherlock just read his mind but in the same time completely misinterpreted his thoughts, because sleeping next to him? Would most certainly not bother John in the slightest. Right opposite.
“You're the best thing that has ever happened to me,” John whispers once after he breaks the kiss. “You know that, right?”
was protecting was not meant to be revealed, it would be a mistake. At least that was what Sherlock thought at first. Because no matter what John believed in, Sherlock was almost sure that he would never understand what’d happened, not least why Sherlock and Mycroft agreed on never telling another soul.
From behind Lestrade, Bonnie emerges, wearing a bow tie and carrying a box in her mouth. She walks up to Sherlock, sits.
Sherlock stands haunched above her. He realises - John must have shot first... John. Sherlock's eyes, full of terror, go back to John-
John can feel his throat tightening at those words. Looking up at Sherlock’s face, gleaming with joy, he can’t but pull him into another kiss, wishing only to be finally
John frowns, failing to understand why on earth would Sherlock refuse, but seeing as how he has already shown the client out and retired into his bedroom, John decides not to raise an objection. All that matters is that Sherlock has taken the case.
- John, walking arm in arm with Sherlock's mum, up the aisle. Right beside them - Sherlock, arm in arm with his father. Beaming with joy.
“Yes, I know,“ Sherlock smiles fondly, leaning forward to peck John’s lips but misses on his very first try. It takes time to adjust to these new conditions. For a man who so heavily relies on his sight it’s even frustrating at first, now that he sees nothing but darkness, but Sherlock eventually adapts. All thanks to John of course who doesn’t hesitate to kiss off that subtle pout that has crossed his face.
,” he squirms which almost makes John stop in fear that he has taken it too far, but Sherlock has only shifted forward on the chair. John has to wonder if Sherlock is too getting chills because he most certainly is. This has to be the most daring thing he’s ever done and to his relief, Sherlock not only doesn’t seem to mind, he seems to be actually... enjoying it? John doesn’t get to ask, however, he’s interrupted by the waitress that’s just showed up to take their orders. Flushing, John immediately withdraws his foot and throws an embarrassed look at Sherlock, practically begging him to say something,
“Ah... very funny.” John playfully smacks Sherlock's chest and without another word turns to walk into the bathroom, glad that, for once, he didn't embarrass himself.
John but crossed his arms, though, and nodded understandingly. “You seem to be perfectly contented, then.”
Sherlock gives him a look, but offers no reply. Then turns around, walks toward his armchair. Touches the arm, strokes his fingers across the leather fabric.
On John, a smirk on his face. Unbeknownst to him, Lestrade is scowling confusedly at him, but averts his eyes as soon as we hear Sherlock's triumphal cry.
Dr.Mason looks as if she does want to protest but decides against it. Smiling, she shakes her head. What a couple they are.
John sitting at the table in Mrs. Hudson's kitchen. She's put a cup of tea in front of him but he doesn't even touch it.
“You and I both know that I’ve always meant to be alone, John,“ Sherlock muttered after a moment, words painful and dreadful enough to remind John how vulnerable Sherlock in fact was. He wasn’t what people thought him to be, not a machine of any sort. Sherlock was scared and lonely, grieving the loss of his dear brother no matter what ruses he was trying to sell. But he couldn’t fool John. Sherlock was suffering, immensely so and John could see right through him at last, read him like an open book although the reason
There are tears starting in John's eyes. He seems to be struggling inside, as if yearning to do something but isn't sure whether he is allowed.
“B-but, John,“ Sherlock objected, stammering throughout his response. “You-you wanted to know, remember? The truth, the answers, the-“
“ John sighs, radiating with glee, finding comfort in pecking whatever spot on Sherlock’s face he can reach. His chin, his cheeks tinged red, his Cupid’s bow, the crinkles around his lips and eyes.
“Alright, alright, calm down,” Marco frowns and takes a step backward. John refuses to bother with him anymore, he turns around, grabs Sherlock's hand and points at the exit.
Sherlock didn’t bother to turn around when Mrs Hudson entered the room, he assumed that she’s just came to make sure that Sherlock hadn’t done anything stupid, but as it turned out, he wasn’t as right as he predicted.
On Sherlock's face again, pale, mouth open in a silent gasp of pain and shock. Close on, as he shuts his eyes-
“Good night.... John,” Sherlock exhales, struggling to steady his breathing. Closing his eyes, he presses two fingers against his own lips, as if to relive the feeling of kissing John but it’s
had told you yesterday before fleeing like a coward had been true. Because I was in a bad place, miserable and therefore not able to think clearly. And you were right, I told you already. The point I am trying to make is that... Mary is the same. I suspect she's afraid, and so desperate so she’s accidentally making you feel bad.“
Sherlock quite reluctantly pulled the pillow down so he could speak. “Don’t tell me you’re surprised, John, I couldn’t have even kissed you properly at first.“
John thought he was about to fall on deaf ears as usual, but much to his surprise, Sherlock seemed to be seriously taking his advices into consideration.
The voice Sherlock heard was coming from a distance; it was a voice familiar, yet there was something different about it, something odd. This voice was mellow and soft, uttering Sherlock’s name with grace and profound love, yet he couldn’t see the person pronouncing these words, all he saw was darkness as black as the starless night.
John blinks, processing this. A few moments pass, his left fist clenches again. At last, he rises from the chair, heads for the door, his head lowered.
“What is that look supposed to mean?” John laughs as he wipes Sherlock's skin clean. Sherlock's practically devouring him with his eyes and
want to, we can indeed go to a restaurant,“ Sherlock says, taking a moment to reconsider his answer. “I might just know of a perfect place for the two of us.“
Not yet, I am afraid. The injury might not been severe, but he definitely should stay the night. Just in case.
From John's POV - Noticing the TV, Sherlock freezes at the doorway. Looks at John, somewhat surprised to see him.
“Stay here, I’ll be right back,“ John whispers, quickly getting off the bed and, judging from what Sherlock can hear, he evidently strides right toward the kitchen. Looking for something even remotely edible, Sherlock presumes, having no idea that John has already done some shopping beforehand, just in case, and so he could keep his promise and return back to the bedroom in an instant.
He was about to pronounce this notion out loud but as soon as Sherlock crossed the room, apparently not even realising that John was already in the bed, the words John wanted to say got trapped inside of his throat and all he could let out was a single broken gasp of horror.
“You do have a point,” John nuzzles Sherlock's face but when Sherlock attempts to lean in for another kiss John pulls away and presses two fingers to his lips instead.
Sherlock closed his eyes, taking a pause to compose himself. Admitting how he felt wasn’t something he’d got particularly used to just yet, most certainly not in John's presence. Not to mention how difficult it was trying to persuade not only John but also himself alone that Mary was trustworthy enough now, that she had changed for better, because who wouldn’t do that for John Watson and his child? The possibility that he had been wrong about her again and so he had been partially, albeit unintentionally, responsible for putting John through something that brought him so much pain instead of happiness was so terrifying that Sherlock simply denied to accept that. Deliberatedly or not, however, the knowledge that Mary was hurting John again, made the blood boil in his veins. And yet he tried to convince himself that it must have been just a momentary issue, a misunderstanding, still believing that John was meant to be with
A beat. John grabs the TV remote, turns down the volume. Then looks back at Sherlock, crosses his arms.
John immediately slipped his tongue in between Sherlock’s lips, tracing a line over his teeth, swirling around and rubbing against Sherlock’s warm tongue and so creating a delicious friction. Sherlock had already learnt the art of kissing, much to John’s and his own please and delight. It took him a lot of time but John eventually managed to teach him, show him some tricks and guide him through the process of learning.
We've agreed on three floors of pure chocolate delight with a perfectly appropriate rainbow frosting.
like you one day, John, someone who would truly worry about me this much. Well, there had been my brother but… this is completely different. I am getting none of this. There is no universe in which you'd ever leave your own child and wife, no matter who she is, just because of me. Ridiculous. You can’t do that, John, it makes no sense whatsoever.“
They had been kissing for a couple of long, blissful minutes before John slowly pushed Sherlock down on the mattress and lied on top of him, not even breaking their mouths apart. Each next kiss was delivered with more love and passion than the previous one, each was a proof of how deeply and unconditionally Sherlock and John loved each other.
From inside John's bedroom - on the door. We hear a knock, then, the door slowly opens. We can see Sherlock standing in the doorway, staring coyly at the floor.
of being careful. Who knows what that woman is up to? She was ready to kill you, Sherlock, remember? She was aiming for your
“Something’s happened,“ Sherlock replied and then got up from the floor, shuffling toward his chair while Mycroft offered nothing but silence in return.
Sherlock must have not expected to start blushing because the moment his cheeks redden, he titters and scuttles toward the bedroom. John can't help but gawk after him, thoroughly puzzled.
Clinging the borders of sink, taking deep breaths and filling his mind with bright, good memories of him and John, Sherlock eventually managed to lock off those thoughts that tried to poison his brain. It was as if someone suddenly switched on the light, darkness that enveloped his body and brain vanished into the nothingness as the man collapsed down on the floor.
“Well, if we do come back empty-handed, that means the nephew was wrong and his uncle is here to bask in the sun and not to sell his family’s company to a filthy magnate or whatever the client thinks is going to happen... I wouldn’t worry too much.”
Even if I had the faintest idea where she could be I don't see why it's relevant. She's no longer your concern.
With a sigh, John hurries to rinse his mouth and heads back into the bedroom but the very moment he walks through the door, he freezes like a deer in the headlights. He finds Sherlock sitting at the mahogany desk, peering intently at the screen of
“Since when do you smoke inside the flat?” John reproached him, gesturing toward the cigarette in Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock usually deleted no longer important information but he would never get rid of anything that even remotely had to do a thing with John Watson. He remembered his favourite beverage, colour, music, jumper, how he took his coffee, the way he laughed, the endless list of all his morning rituals, he never forget about the tunes John used to hum while in the shower, the smell of the bath soap and cologne he was using and the newspapers he read while they both shared their breakfast in more than comfortable silence.
Clenching his left fist, he draws in a deep breath before he turns back to Sherlock. “I... um... I wrote that when I was half asleep. It's just a draft. I don't even plan to publish it.”
“I put it there three days ago already,“ John uttered, answering the question in Sherlock’s eyes. “You really are impossibly oblivious of everything when you’re in the middle of a case,“ he smirked, prompting Sherlock so he would tighten the grip around his waist before proceeding to smear the lube onto his fingers.
“You’re gorgeous,“ Sherlock gasped, stretching out his hand so he could brush John’s skin but then he wavered for a second. “May I?“ he asked softly. John offered no reply, he simply smiled and took Sherlock’s hand, allowing him to caress the star-shaped scar on his shoulder. Sherlock breathed shallowly as his fingertips tenderly brushed the jagged edges of John’s salmon pink coloured patch of skin. Then he let his fingers slide leisurely down, ghosting over the skin, eyes firmly locked on John’s as he brushed the more recently scarred spot.
had sex with the man he loves and needs the most in the world and it was utterly fantastic and that alone is surreal enough and quite difficult to process. John can't confess his love now, the possibility that Sherlock could
Once he breezed in, his eyes welled up immediately; he couldn’t prevent himself from whispering John’s name upon seeing him in such condition like this. Even if the man himself couldn’t hear him. Carefully, as quietly as if he was just a mouse, he closed the door behind himself and walked toward the bed, never darting his eyes away from John’s face.
“I am just saying… it’s late enough, John,“ Sherlock pointed out. “Mary’s waiting for you. You shouldn’t be leaving her alone like this.“
So he just sat there, watching, examining John, the way his chest was raising and falling back as he breathed so serenely in his sleep, he observed his face, trying to figure out what he was dreaming about. He purposefully avoided looking at his torso wrapped in bandages; because if he spent another minute reminding himself of what happened he was sure he’d start bawling so out loud that it would wake up John. And that was not anything Sherlock was aiming for.
Sherlock doesn’t even have to be able to read his mind any more to know what exactly John’s thinking about. Biting his bottom lip, he leans forward to whisper in John’s ear.
, so please lie down already,“ he asked once more, switching off the lamp so all the light had faded away. Sherlock wavered for a second, but then he pulled the towel off his waist and tossed it over the chair, immediately shuffling under the duvet and close to John. They were lying face to face; John reached for Sherlock’s hand and brushed ever so tenderly, singing an inaudible lullaby that eventually brought a serene sleep upon Sherlock’s soul. He couldn’t help but smile once Sherlock dozed off. Even though John himself had barely slept one wink last night, rather than falling asleep he wanted to relish those precious moments, store them in his mind so he could come back to them whenever he pleased. But soon even the doctor himself had to close his eyes in weariness, drifting off to sleep without knowing he wasn’t going to rest for very long.
“Just one more thing, that's all I need to know,” John said a few moments later, wiping the corner of his eyes with the back of his hand. “What did you expect would happen, hm?”
“Yeah, I have. I often do. Usually when you’re doing a particularly loud experiment,” John chuckles and reaches to switch off the lamp on the nightstand. The room suddenly goes dark and it takes a few moments until their eyes get use to it.
“No,“ Sherlock replied sadly. “Once I got to him he unfortunately detected me and then ran away. I didn’t catch him so I couldn’t have interrogated him.“
“Can you please put some of this onto my back?” Unaware of what is going through John’s head, Sherlock extends his hand to pass him the tube.
That happened just once and no, nothing of that sort. Mrs. Hudson, can you sit down here for a minute? I need to tell you something.
’ today,“ John explained, not even lifting up his gaze from the book he was reading. Once Sherlock shuffled under the duvet however, he tightly wrapped his limbs all around John’s body and so John had to put the book aside on the nightstand, knowing that trying to read under such conditions would be useless.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,“ Sherlock nodded in agreement although he was anything but pleased with the idea of dragging his brother into that mess again. “You’re not worried about me that much, are you, John?“ he asked once noticing how John’s grip around his shoulders tightened even more.
, John,“ Sherlock breathed out, then pursed his lips. “Once you… came out, that moment was a big eye-opener for me. Not because the fact that you are attracted to man would be
Confused, John blinks at him, trying to make out his expression in the dark, but before his eyes manage to adjust again, Sherlock hastily turns away from him and curls up under the blanket.
And then silence. Punctuated by nothing but a dog barking frantically but Sherlock might have as well imagined that. He didn’t hear himself laughing anymore. He saw no happy, innocent boy but a horror in his own juvenile eyes, hot stream of tears bursting out of his eyes. Mycroft’s words, uttered in a raw shock, sharp like a dagger cutting through his own heart.
“Sherlock, stop jesting around, this is serious,“ John snarled. “I didn’t say you can’t leave the flat, I said that you’re not going to go to that house by yourself. I allowed you to do what you wish as long as you’re going to be careful. This is the right
“You-you see, John, you were wondering why Mycroft and I had always considered love and care such a disadvantage, such an...error,“ he added after a moment of aching silence, barely whispering, his face wilting like a plant and paler than ever before and eyes glistening with sparkling tears. “Now here's why. See how many mistakes I've made already? How exceptionally wrong I turned out to be? I’ve completely lost my mind over doing what I thought was good for
“It’s fine, John, really, thank you. Your cup of tea is next on my list,“ Sherlock promised, trying to ignore the heat building high on his cheeks. “I-I think I may need a bath at first though. I can’t go to bed like this, can I?“ he added, attempting to banter but his sombre voice was a clear enough sign that he was hardly in the mood.
But Sherlock already had troubles concentrating on his surroundings, his head ached, he was tired and dehydrated and yet resting, not even taking a short nap, wasn’t an option. He wanted to be fully prepared to return to the hospital if there was a need, it didn’t even matter that he might relapse due to grogginess before that even happens.
. It's mostly my fault you're in this state. Please, don’t burden yourself with pointless regrets, John.“ Sherlock can feel his heart thudding louder as he leans forward, putting his arms around John, one of his hands resting on John’s nape, the other wrapped tightly around his waist. This time John allows himself to melt into Sherlock’s embrace, stroking down Sherlock’s back for a long couple of moments before pulling away again, only so to meet Sherlock's gaze. Seeing such pure, unconditional devotion in his azure eyes he wonders what ever he's done in his life to deserve this man.
John stopped halfway through the corridor, his entire body tense from what Sherlock could observe. “No, not yet. I’ll take a shower, make some breakfast, I guess. I might go and grab some clean clothes but then I return back to you. As I’ve promised, I’ll take care of you, Sherlock, nothing has changed about that.“
“I have to apologise for disturbing you,” she says with a thick Spanish accent, “my name is Lidia Alvarez and here Mr. Harrington asked me to-”
“For someone who claims to be a genius, you can be a pretty rubbish observer sometimes,“ John giggled, watching his own fingers brushing Sherlock’s skin. Once however he spotted a group of people approaching them, he quickly retreated and shuffled a little away from Sherlock as if what he was just doing was something illegal. Sherlock on the other hand kept his gaze fixed upon his hand, not paying attention to anything that was happening around him, not even John who addressed him at least three times since then.
“I-I mean, no, I am not, not that much anyway,“ John shook his head, eyes pinned down upon the mattress. “I could’ve expected but when you put it into words like this…“
Sherlock felt shivers crawling down his spine once hitting ‘send’. He didn’t intend to out himself in so blatantly obvious way, but he was also sure of that it doesn’t even matter when it comes to Mary, she was smart enough to tell between the truth and deception. And besides, it wasn’t as if Sherlock didn’t wear his heart on his sleeve from certain, rather a crucial point of his life, John maybe, fortunately for Sherlock, didn’t notice, but everyone else around was already aware of what the detective has been trying to hide for so long before.
Wha - you can't be serious?! We've been scratching our heads for months and you come and solve the case within five minutes? It doesn't even make any - Sherlock! Where are you-
“Of course he did. Well, truth be told, he’s probably still back at Baker Street, he came to me because he already doubts you. The thing is… I didn’t tell him where I am going, but what do you think happens after they’ll find my dead body, hm? Who do you think John will blame once reading tomorrow’s papers?“
What’d happened at the cemetery he shouldn’t have allowed to happen, he was positive of that. Sherlock had rarely given his feelings the permission to rule his head and body, and even if he had he’d always done it for John. This time it was different. There were no permissions. Sherlock had lost control over himself, regaining it back only very slowly. Once the memory he’d tried to repress for years forced itself to be remembered again, his already frail shield shattered like porcelain, breaking into thousands of pieces. Sherlock was desperate to shout the truth into the world, share that agonising pain that had been secretly torturing him for far too long already.
“Oh. Right. That'd be quite inappropriate,” he chortles, snatches his gown and turns on his heels. His grin very quickly disappears, though, once after he opens the door and sees the face of the man that had the audacity to interrupt them. It's none other than Harrington. And he is not alone.
John raises no objection this time. He almost seems to be taken aback by Sherlock’s words, offering no response but a heavy, muffled sigh, so Sherlock circles around his chair, kneeling down in front of him so they can finally talk face to face. Except John’s face is still hidden in his hands, he can only hear the floorboards creaking as Sherlock crawls toward him.
John grabs the hem of Sherlock's shirt, pulls it over his head, in an instant, Sherlock does the same with John's shirt, then tackles him down on the mattress.
“Why are you laughing?“ Sherlock pouted, grabbing the nearest pillow so he could punch John over his shoulder.
“Speaking of which, you don’t have to be bothered with the rest of your stuff. Just give me the keys and I’ll bundle up whatever else you need from your house.“
“Sherlock…“ John’s hand twitched, he yearned to reach and wrap his arms around Sherlock’s body, never letting go off him, assure him he was worth much more he’d been thinking of himself. His entire self ached at the sight of Sherlock shrinking so small in front of him, full of insecurities, pain, doubt and fear.
Holding on for a few moments. We see several guests seated on both sides of the aisle. By the altar - the Vicar and John and Sherlock's best men - Lestrade. Major Sholto.
Well, I must have done a pretty rubbish job at expressing how much I care about you, since you must ask.
On Mrs. Hudson's troubled face then back on John - he doesn't have the heart to tell her the whole truth.
John could feel that Sherlock’s orgasm was approaching fast. Sherlock was writhing, clenching around John, scratching his back and pleading for more so loudly so John could barely hear the sound of the water that was flowing down their shoulders. Sherlock was so strangely, breathtakingly beautiful like that, with his hair damp and slicked back, few curls sticking to his forehead, his usually pale cheeks tinged crimson and his voice like thunder resonating in the small room.
John was so absorbed in his fantasy he didn’t even notice that Sherlock had approached him. He throws a glance at him then beckons toward the monumental window.
“You have to be kidding me,” he curses under his breath. “This is what I get for offering help to every random that walks into our flat... Is he looking?”
Wider: Sherlock, bolts upright in his bed, sweating, breathing hard. It takes him a moment to perceive.
“Oh,” Sherlock sucks his bottom lip into his mouth and looks away, almost as if disheartened about something, but it's only a split of a moment before he meets John's eyes again. And with a smile on his face, no less.
Taking a drag on his cigarette, Sherlock turned to walk back to the sitting room but just as he stepped forth, the door in the hallway suddenly creaked and he could hear that someone was climbing up the stairs.
“Don’t come any closer,“ John yelps through the tears, his left fist trembling nearly frantically. “Just don’t, Sherlock… I don’t-I don’t need your help. I don’t want you here, don’t you understand? I don’t want you to look at me.“
,“ John cried out but lowered his voice again immediately after. “I-I mean, yes... yes, you're right, I
John. As always. The answer had to be John. If it wasn’t for him, Sherlock would most certainly never return to the cemetery that day. He wouldn’t be trudging through the fallen leaves and mud, cold and dishevelled, just so he could visit his brother once again. If it wasn’t for John, Sherlock would’ve fallen. Back into the filthy mess of cocaine and syringes, burrowed in a crack house getting high in order to simply forget. But he’d made a promise. Sherlock had made a promise that was not worth breaking even if the payoff was meant to be a brief moment of ecstasy, a moment when he could finally release the sorrow that had been eating him alive for days already. It was not worth disappointing and hurting John so vilely.
At that, John titters, shaking his head in amusement. “That’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me. Which is funny, considering that we were bickering just an hour ago.”
’s health in the moment,“ Sherlock sizzled under his breath. “So do me a favour and stop wasting my time so I can finally see him.“
The man who's going to ruin your life... Oh, by the way - you're arrested. I hope it didn't fly over your head.
Sherlock blinks, quite impressed with that deduction, albeit such an easy one. “Well... I was about to sugar-coat it, but oh
Well... yes. Because I thought... I was terrified. I still am. I thought I... I thought I was going to lose you.
to you again,“ Sherlock objected, leaning forward so their faces were suddenly only a couple of inches apart. “
, do you need me to translate that into French, John?“ Sherlock teases, lifting himself up from the mattress so John can have a better access to prepare him for what is about to follow. “Come on then...
Too little too late John realises that he's begun to talk out loud. Just as he bites his tongue, Sherlock's tiny gasp cuts through the silence. With bated breath, he turns to face John, the tender, curious look in his eyes enough to incapacitate him.
that everything was alright, as it should be, John was there with him in present, but Sherlock’s ingenious brain happened to be his enemy in that case. Just a few seconds ago his mind was full of Mary, full of plans and schemes and
“Yes, John,“ Sherlock nodded, pronouncing out loud what had been going through John’s head. “Mary was one of the snipers at the pool.“
“Don’t worry, I’ll stay around,“ he assured Sherlock. “If anything changes I swear you’ll be the first person to learn, Sherlock. Look, you are of no help here anyway. Not in such state like this.“
“Why of course,“ John nodded, a chuckle escaping his throat. He simply couldn’t contain the joy he felt in the moment. “It took me an awful lot of time to realise but better later than never, hm? We’re finally
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth a few times, as if the cog wheels in his head stopped turning at sudden.
, John thinks, because why would Sherlock do that? Such a small display of affection, nobody saw it anyway. Unless Sherlock didn’t do it for the audience... no,
about me. He even believes that I don’t deserve to be alone. I am not sure what exactly was that supposed to mean, but - Between you and me, Mycroft, I reckon I owe him the truth as much as I owe him my life, I am just not sure, I – dear lord, what even is the point, I am just talking to myself, am I not?“ he sniffed, shaking his head quite vigorously. “I am such a pathetic mess. Look at me now, how I care. Look, how much I need John, how I still need you. But you’ll never guide me again will you? You’ll never give me an advice again. I’ll never know if you’d approve of my decisions and the worst is that...
you. They believe you're obliged to act the way they desire. She's nothing but cruel, which is why I - I don't understand why you're trying so hard to defend her.“
. Are you not willing to listen to me even if your life’s at stake? What even is the point of going after her? This is not a game anymore.“
Sherlock's jaw slightly drops at that, the spark in his eyes reignited. With a bashful smile, he raises up from the chair and takes a little step toward John, almost pressing their chests together. John doesn't even blink, hypnotised by the heavenly colour of Sherlock's eyes but he quickly snaps out of it as Sherlock's smile starts to grow into a grin.
“I bet you’re not going to mourn for very long. As soon as you get an interesting case on your hands you’re going to make a mess out of this room in ten seconds flat.“
“Hold on, oh God, I didn’t sleep with Sherlock,“ John exclaimed but then immediately turned to the other man to make sure that Sherlock didn’t take it the wrong way.  Fortunately, he returned the glance along with a tiny half-smile upon his lips.
him. Suddenly, he feels kind of dizzy and certainly not because the elevator’s strangely small, almost too small to fit more than two people. And just like that, John speaks before he thinks.
Sherlock but hums in response, sucking and biting John's neck until the skin between his lips turns purple. With a cheeky smirk, he flashes John a brief glance and then drags his mouth further down John's chest and abdomen. John can feel his body trembling in anticipation as he watches Sherlock slither all the way down... but unfortunately, a sudden knock on the door spoils the fun.
John purses his lips, throwing a glance at the cabbie as if to check if he can hear them. With a sigh, he leans closer to Sherlock, his voice barely audible. “
“Well, I’ve never lied in your bed either. To be quite honest, I am beginning to regret that it’s just for a few days.“
There's Sherlock walking along the corridor, groping in the dark. Suddenly, one of the doors on his left fly open, there's a flash of light and-
, John,“ he growled a little lasciviously but John noticed a hint of a chuckle in his voice. “I want you to fuck me so well so I’ll forget my own name.“
John watches him, waits, then rises from the bed. He walks around the bed then sits down, next to Sherlock.
,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, emphasizing the word in rather a mocking manner. “But then don’t whine when you have no more clothes to wear,“ he quipped. “Your life depends on this small pitiable bag over here, don’t forget.“
, John?“ Sherlock cuts him off, frowning a little but his voice is far too jovial. “My face surely doesn’t look particualrly appealing covered in all this... mess. No offence intended.“
I want to be with you, in every way possible, John. I want to have sex with you, but still… despite everything I have just said now, at first I need a little more time to get prepared. I need time to accustom to this idea that it’s bound to happen for real... whether sooner or later. Look at me now,  am still full of insecurities, I can’t even get fully naked in front of you yet,“ Sherlock snorted, half-smiling into another kiss.
Mary reacted in an instant, almost as if she forgot she was about to end Sherlock’s life. “It was a tad more pestilent thing to handle, I admit, but I am quite used to becoming a person I am not at all.“
You have to be patient. Physically-wise, he's recovering quite fast but... healing such mental wounds will take much longer. I am sure he'll eventually come back to himself, but it might take a while. I take it you understand.
Sherlock snorts at John’s remark, his eyes rather lazily flicking between John’s still incomprehensibly excited face and a folded scarf in his hand.
(The following couple of scenes are a montage of Sherlock and John solving various cases. Light music in the background. Several weeks pass.)
“Hey, Sherlock, are you with me?“ John’s voice dispersed the darkness Sherlock was groping in, almost as if someone just struck a match, letting the light in. Once Sherlock perceived, he realised John was in fact standing above him, gently holding his arms, his face once again much closer it should be.
“Ridiculous, you took the precautions. You are watching her every move, she’s like a monkey on a string, no way she would be able to do anything you didn’t know about.“
“But that means this must’ve had happen while you’ve been faking your death. So when I pushed you down on the floor in that bloody restaurant-“ John’s voice cracked with sudden flush of remorse and hurt.
Holding on. John stirs, begins to wake up. He blinks to open his eyes. Frowns. Immediately realises what position he's in. Cannot move, unless he wants to alert Sherlock.
“You...you were in danger,” Sherlock gulped, desperate to save the situation, despite being fully aware of the futility of his efforts. “If I didn't do what Moriarty had asked me to... his men would have... I did it for you, John.”
John chuckles, his eyes going to Sherlock, who’s now sitting cross-legged on the blanket. “Why do I have a feeling that you-” He starts but all at once, his voice falters, dissolving into a single barely audible
, John,“ Sherlock sighed. “You’re scared I may be about to do something utterly ridiculous. I will repeat myself when I say that I am
“She’s fooled us both, yes. But,“ Sherlock leaned closer, keeping his eyes on John and voice down, “that doesn’t explain why you acted so recklessly, she wanted to shoot me and
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but then he had to admit that his reaction was perhaps too harsh. So they continued up the stairs, Sherlock supporting John with both of his arms, eyes fixed on his face, studying his expressions, waiting for a sign that John is too tired to walk anymore but they managed to reach the platform without any further distractions.
This was exactly the reaction John expected yet he had hoped differently. His heart clenched at the mere sight of Sherlock rising up from the chair, his face dejected and no spark in his azure eyes.
John snorts, mildly disgruntled. He walks up to the counter again, picks up the food he'd prepared, places the plates on the table. Then sits down, opposite Sherlock.
“Cherry praline,“ Sherlock hums, identifying the right taste so fast it makes John laugh again. “And, very obviously... dark
anyone to love. No one has ever made me feel like you. So… alive and worthy and cherished for who I am. I’ve never felt like that before. Everybody… hated me. And I thought they had the right,“ he bowed his head sadly, a sight that made John’s heart ache.
Sherlock allows himself a wry smirk, then glances at his phone, announcing that John has exactly seventeen minutes to pack before the cab arrives. Except John is still staring and staring, failing to put two and two together.
because he’s so addicted to adrenaline and danger. But then Sherlock learnt that John has been grieving for two years because of
John’s eyes flew wide open, quite an efficient way how to snap him out of the drowsiness. “N-nine? Come on, don’t exaggerate.“
“Yes?“ Sherlock raised an eyebrow, waiting for John until he’d continue explaining but John merely shook his head.
But John couldn’t blame him. He wasn’t able to be open about his feelings either, they were both scared of each other’s reaction, both were just dancing around one another for years without knowing, without willing to take the risk. Up until then at least. Sherlock seemed to be ready to reveal everything, right then and then.
“You can stay for longer, if you want,“ he remarked, his lips crooked in a bashful smile. John was caught off in a surprise but this time he had no doubts that Sherlock let to drop a hint right in front of him, whether intentionally or not. He would lie if he said it didn’t make his heart race. They somewhat seamlessly skipped the awkward initial phase of figuring out what label suits their current relationship the best and here they were, basically flirting with each other, or at least, that’s what Sherlock seemed to be practicing at the moment. John was confused however. Not even twenty four hours had passed since they agreed on that they won’t talk about their feelings anytime soon, especially because Sherlock seemed to be reluctant to do so back then. But maybe he was just too scared and insecure. Maybe he simply wanted their relationship to progress naturally, without having to muse about it too hard. John decided to hold onto this conjecture, because it made him believe that maybe he got a chance with Sherlock after all, however small it was. For years he had been convinced that Sherlock won’t be able to reciprocate his feelings, but after all that had happened, after what Sherlock confessed, after such a drastic change in his attitude, it seemed there still was a hope after all. Besides, John had already admitted that they were moving forward, he already told Sherlock that he had always been the most important person for him, so he could have as well played along and coquet a bit, whether it turns out great or unpleasantly wrong.
“John?“ A pause, one last intake of breath before Sherlock finally puts his feelings into a sentence. “
Sherlock wraps his arms around John's back, pulls him closer as they kiss. John has already climbed on the top of Sherlock, but then-
for putting you first so she can keep me far away from you. Just because it's not convenient to her when I am with you. It's what selfish people like her do. Manipulate because they believe they
Music sometimes helped Sherlock to think more clearly but the piece that he had set to play this time had precisely the opposite effect on his mind. Sherlock very quickly realised that choosing that particular piece was a mistake but he was too immersed in the melody already to turn it off and listen to the raindrops drumming monotonically on the window instead.
Sherlock opens his mouth wide, expecting a sour taste, bitter, maybe even a very hot pepper if John dared to go as far, but nothing prepares him to feel a sharp touch of cold crawling down the side of his neck, sending chills throughout his whole body.
A beat. At once, they stop dancing and head toward the confused crowd of people, making their way through.
, for Sherlock believes that revealing the truth and confessing his feelings would irrevocably ruin whatever it is between them.
“No, you don’t. John, you-“ Sherlock draws a long, shaky breath to compose himself, fearing he might as well break down himself. “You-you don’t have to go through this alone. You can’t… You shouldn’t.“
. You said I can trust her, I don't know why, but I don’t, I can’t do this any longer. What even is the point when – when I… Sherlock, I…
“So... you’ve been setting up since the moment we’d arrived?“ Sherlock concluded. “Hoping we were about to solve that case as soon as possible so we could jump into the shower
A few seconds later - John's phone starts to buzz, immediately waking him up. Sherlock just stirs, sleeps on.
Sherlock freed himself from Mycroft’s grasp and then continued his way down the hallway until he finally arrived at the door of John’s room. He took one deep, quite insecure breath, but before he even managed to grab the handle, he was in a light squeeze of someone’s hand again. This time it wasn’t Mycroft however, his brother was nowhere to be found.
having his hair petted.“ He buried his fingers into the midst of Sherlock’s dark curls, trifling with the thick strands of hairs.
It's not before they share a couple of more sluggish kisses that John flops next to Sherlock and finally allows himself a break. Doesn't look away, though. He tries to think of the right thing to say and he almost does but at once realises that it's perhaps a tad too soon. He's
“Hm. I don't see a problem there,” Sherlock coos, his baritone voice all but melted chocolate and a provocative smile upon his lips. He lowers his hands to John's hips and pulls him closer and at once, John forgets all about Harrington again. It's just him and Sherlock and their lips searching for one another.
“Okay,” Sherlock breathed out and backed away. It wasn't okay, hell, not at all, but if John didn't want to be touched, Sherlock certainly wasn't going to force him. All he could do was to watch and wait in silence until John composed himself.
“Erm, would you like some… tea?“ Sherlock asked once perceiving. The sight of John sitting in his chair has reminded him of the peaceful old times and besides feeling like being sent back in time, Sherlock almost completely forgot about the issue he was supposed to be concentrating on in the first place.
worth of Spanish sun.” Although being, in fact, sorely disappointed, John laughs it off. As per usual. Sherlock has, however, noticed the subtle shift in the tone of John's voice and despite John's best efforts, cannot be fooled.
, so much. I love you with all my heart, I’ve always have. I should have told you ages ago, but you’re right, it’s the
“Well, I am not an expert, but isn’t that the definition of spam, Sherlock?“ John chuckled but noticing that frown upon Sherlock’s face he gave up trying to lighten up the mood. “Oh, why are you so grumpy? It’s just a stupid message. Unless you got a secret admirer then-“
, too much emotions to cope with all at once. The need to turn around and kiss John again is crushing him, he might as well burst with it, but... he can’t. John’s oblivious to how much Sherlock desires him, how deeply and unconditionally he loves him and...
John gazes at her for a moment, upset, heart breaking for Sherlock. Takes a moment to process the information, then finally gives a small nod.
Sherlock bends down to take the box, opens it, picks one of the rings which he then proceeds to put on John's finger.
Dull. I suggest we pretend we're not home and stay in bed all day. We have a lot of catching up to do.
“Yeah, yes, well… yes.“ Sherlock couldn’t avert his eyes from John, as if he was just an illusion that might fade away any second. He still needed to be reassured that what was happening wasn’t just some sort of a beautiful dream that eventually turns into a dreadful nightmare. He could
“Why, yes, 221 was already taken,” Sherlock says with an amused smile, then takes out the keycard from his pocket and proceeds to unlock the door. “Shall we?”
“I wasn’t terrified,“ John shook his head, failing to notice the tone of mild offence in Sherlock’s voice. He still couldn’t believe what Sherlock just suggested.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Let’s just say I owed someone a little speech. That being said, it didn’t work out quite as well as I had hoped. Something happened there, something I didn’t expect, John. I - “ Sherlock shivered, the space around him had vanished away all of a sudden, no warning signs. He found himself at the cemetery again, recognising the familiar elements - the soggy ground beneath his knees, the taste of salty tears on his tongue, wet, earthly smell filling the air, deafening silence ringing in his ears. Memories of past had formed clear images in front of his eyes, memories he’d tried so desperately to push back. Whether it lasted for a couple of seconds or an hour, Sherlock couldn’t know, it felt like eternity.
Somewhat absently, he lifts the mug to his lips, blows on his tea, sniffs. And as he does, a small smile crosses his lips. Finally.
dancing around each other?“ John sniffs, pulling Sherlock even closer, dipping his fingers into the woollen fabric of his coat before settling his hand on Sherlock's nape.
“Jesus, this isn’t a conversation I intended to have so early in the morning, especially not after what happened,“ John uttered at last, rubbing his eyes so to prevent tears from bursting but he couldn't stop a broken sob from escaping his throat. “Sherlock, you can't just say it doesn't matter what
Sherlock could feel his stomach sinking low and gurgling on emptiness, but he barely noticed, the most important in that moment was John. “What did you tell him?“
about you, John,“ Sherlock sighs again, deeply. “I want to take care of you and I will, I promise. Your well-being is my top priority. Whatever it is you need, whenever, always, I'll be here to help you walk this path. “
“Someone’s better be dying,“ Sherlock ranted out loud, reaching for the device to figure out who on earth is molesting him in such tiresome manner. He was ready to simply turn it off and forget about it, but he changed his mind the second upon reading the very first message that has been received about ten minutes ago. The text itself wasn’t any engrossing, yet it caught his entire attention and from that moment on his eyes were fixed solely on the screen of his phone.
itself could eventually turn into. Especially once they enter the park, surrounded by crimson-gold birches and elms and chirping blackbirds, snuggling close to keep warm and making each other blush and laugh profusely in between sips of chocolate. Somehow it feels natural, like a proper date even, Sherlock thinks, even though he barely has any experience to tell.
“Oh, he seemed to be in a hurry,“ she said coyly, “all he wanted from me was to deliver you a message.“
On Sherlock, severely annoyed, his eyes flick between the woman and John, who's reading newspapers. Completely unfazed.
Later that day. Sherlock, leaning against the kitchen counter. Sipping tea. Brooding. Looks sad, something's troubling him.
John just throws one of his devastating smirks at him and without a word disappears into the bathroom. Sherlock watches after him but doesn't follow until he can hear the shower running.
“I’ve done nothing,“ Sherlock protested, heading for an opposite side of the room because John was suddenly standing too close and the conversation was leading toward the way Sherlock would rather avoid walking. “I just-I just called an ambulance.“
Kidding around is a luxury we can't afford under current circumstances. Sir, this has been the third heist in three weeks. They're making us look like incompetent fools. Not to mention we don't even know who they actually are.
“Sherlock...” John sighs, caressing down Sherlock's back and arse. “I was joking, or... attempting to joke anyway, Jesus. I am...
“Th-thank you, I guess?“ he tilted his head in plain astonishment, wondering whether Sherlock realised what he’d just done, he couldn’t be sure, not when Sherlock didn’t even leave him any room to ask.
in my whole entire life had ever made me feel as alive and cherished like you do. John… Mary didn’t miss my heart once she fired the bullet. She pierced right
They stayed snuggled in each other’s arms for a couple of long minutes, in silence punctuated by nothing but the sounds of them crying. As soon as Sherlock finally came back to himself, John pulled back a little and cradled his face, placing a fair kiss over his forehead and another one over the temple of his head.
She does now. Her boyfriend suddenly vanished about two weeks ago. I did not know much about him, but they seemed like a lovely couple.
“It's time to get used to the nice me, I guess... Now that we're, well... boyfriends,” Sherlock quips and with an awkward smile, heads for the door. “I’ll wait for you outside,” he adds before he rushes down the stairs, leaving behind an utterly flummoxed and profusely blushing John.
“I understand, it’s difficult for both of us,“ he said, his thumb rubbing a circle over the pliant cotton of Sherlock’s coat. “I guess we still haven’t quite recovered from the last serious conversation we had. We’re definitely not ready for another one it seems.“
of this, Mycroft. But then again… I guess none of us is. Well, that being said, I still have no idea what to do, so - Oh, what a
think that Mycroft’s death was your fault, right? Just please, tell me you don’t.“ He reached to caress Sherlock’s arm but his hand froze mid-air, almost as if he wasn’t sure whether he was actually allowed such a move. Neither Sherlock seemed to be sure, his eyes were flicking rapidly between John’s face and his hand that was still hovering in the air.
“John!“ Sherlock growled furiously, springing up to sitting position. “Mary might have been Moriarty’s pet, but even if we take this fact into consideration, it still makes no sense why we should be locked up in our own flat like prisoners. Moriarty wanted me dead too, I am sure there are dozens of people out there who want me dead, yet
Sherlock lowered his head. “I did, I did try to contact you. So many times, I was so close to letting you know. At the grave, too.”
He emphasises the last few words, but his expression is that of a man who's having a hard time believing it.
, Sherlock thinks, assuming that John is wasting time on purpose just so he can drive Sherlock completely mad with need.
John’s face withered like a dead flower. Bright pink of his cheeks diffused into pale colour, gone was even the cheerful spark from his silver-blue eyes.
She's waiting for the poison to kick in. Unfortunately for her, I didn't take it. I suggest we keep on dancing.
They had talked neither about the shooting, nor about what they confessed. But the presence of those heavy unspoken words hovered in the air between, like a stark reminder that they couldn’t keep this subject buried forever.
“You know what? Forget about it,“ he hissed instead. “You sure are damn lucky you haven’t met him sooner, he would have happily reveal all of your dirty secrets in ten seconds flat and you’d
“I know you lied to me about our baby,“ John continued, trying hard to not fume. “You fooled me into thinking I am going to be a father, how could you?“
For the first time since forever, John smiles. It’s a sad, weary smile, barely noticeable but a smile nonetheless, making Sherlock's heart flutter.
, John. I’ve been scared. I’ve never felt like that before. Before I met you, there had been no one like you.“
“I am sorry,“ John guffawed, but he proceeded to tease Sherlock more. “I just can’t believe we’re seriously leading a conversation about your morning wood.“ He received another soft punch, this time right into his face.
“Of course I do want you to. Look, I know I said we’re done for today, but I have one more question actually,“ John pursed his lips as if he was about to ask something he didn’t even have enough courage for.
they were about to ever had sex together. John had to admit that he probably wouldn’t even mind if Sherlock needed months or even years to take this very last step. He was determined to taboo this subject however, until they
“Ever since that moment I walked into that lab, I was all yours. I knew it that very second I first looked into your eyes. Before
trust you, John. Completely. Your feelings are justified,“ Sherlock said, shortening the gap between them, this time keeping the eye contact even though it was more than difficult, feeling so ashamed of himself.
“Still,“ Sherlock decided to obstinately maintain his ground, “you should consider spending nights somewhere elsewhere. Somewhere easily accessible.“
Sherlock had no idea what to do with his hands at first but then he followed his instincts and let them fall over the small of John’s back, pulling the other man even closer. John snickered against his neck, now sucking with a tad more force and passion until he left the skin bruised and wet with saliva. He managed to ignore the fact that his hardening cock had been pressed against Sherlock’s thigh and nothing but few layers of clothes were separating them.
A small, once a cosy flat, but there's barely any light in the room - the curtains are closed, so it appears to be very dark and grim.
Sherlock takes a moment to reply, trying not to burst into a guffaw that would, no doubt, come off sounding derisive. “That's the most ludicrous request I've ever received. Why don't you go yourself?”
Sherlock barely finishes, he hurries to scramble over John and quickly rolls out of the bed. He takes a moment to stretch his arms, grabs his gown from the hanger on the wall and then, only then, he looks back at John. Smiling like nothing happened.
Sherlock once again took his own mug and forget about the second one, as if John was there to take it and drink it later. He wasn’t… at least not yet.
. Pray tell, what is so fascinating about tying a scarf around my eyes so I can’t even look at your… half-naked body and then… feeding me various sweets and then... what
He didn’t let go for a second, not even when they were getting into the vehicle, not while taking the ride to the hospital. Sherlock wasn’t able to answer the questions medics were asking him, he was concentrating on nothing but John’s face and his almost ice cold hand resting in his own.
“Your – your choice?“ Sherlock gulped, his chin wobbling as he tried to choke back the tears. He felt almost as if burning from inside, his body shimmering with anticipation in response to what John was about to say.
Now properly awake, John bolts upright and springs out of the bed, hoping Sherlock didn’t just disappear and he’ll find him somewhere else in the suite. To his disappointment, however, the other room seems to be as vacant as the bedroom.
“Well,“ Sherlock’s voice dropped low and hazy but he kept his eyes fixed on John. It wasn’t until now that John realised how red and glazy those heavenly blue eyes actually were. Sherlock must’ve been crying for hours. “If I simply gave up,“ Sherlock continued, “I - I would hurt you again, being fully aware of what I was doing. I couldn’t have let that happen. I don’t want to hurt you ever again, John.“
“About today,“ John shrugs, somewhat nervously running his thumb across the rim of the cup before putting it aside. “About
to?” John licks his lips. He runs a hand across his face and through his drenched hair, his piercing gaze not leaving Sherlock. Not necessarily because he expects Sherlock to throw water at him again, the truth is, he finds himself unable to stop his eyes from wandering all around Sherlock's body. The droplets of water rolling down his muscular arms. And neck. And hair. That
Both his hands clench, clinging to the headboard now and so tightly so his knuckles turn pale in an instant, but he can only hardly notice the numbness. Sherlock’s tongue is hot and firm, hungrily tasting on the fast leaking pre-come, twisting around the head each time Sherlock reaches the tip again, a trick John fell in love with, but it’s once again Sherlock’s gravelly voice reverberating in his chest that makes John sees the stars and moan louder than ever. That and the sight of his cock buried entirely inside Sherlock’s mouth.
“I was worried about you,“ John said, raising up a little and mirroring Sherlock’s position. “I am so glad you’re okay, you can’t even imagine,“ he smiled, brushing the lock of messy curls off Sherlock’s forehead.
“Oh God, this is ridiculous,“ she snarled, “let’s stop playing this stupid game and drop the facade, shall we? I know
“Well, it’s been nearly five years. A lot has changed since then,“ Sherlock remarks, exchanging a sad look with John. “Thankfully, some things remain the same,“ he adds to quickly disperse melancholy again before opening the door for John.
John immediately stepped forth to follow him, panic in his voice almost palpable. “W-wait, where are you going now?“
need me,“ John corrected him, this time looking right into Sherlock’s eyes. “You don’t have to worry about the baby, still two weeks to go. Besides… there’s – there’s something I wanted to tell you, I-“ John’s voice faded out, as if he suddenly realised that it simply wasn’t the right time telling Sherlock about the suspicions that Mary had planted into his head. He wasn’t even sure whether his doubt was actually justified or he’d been overanalysing insignificant points he’d considered clues.
anyway?” There was so much pain, so much bitterness and hopelessness wrapped in those words... Sherlock could barely finish the question through the tears. That was only the beginning, however.
“I am so sorry for making you think that I don’t want to be here with you. That couldn’t be further from the truth. Yes, I chose to avoid you at first, because I was too… afraid,“ John sighed, flashing Sherlock a bashful glance. “I was afraid because there’s something, something important I need to tell you, in fact, I wanted to tell you the moment I came back home, I just didn’t know
“It's okay, we're used to dealing with worse,“ Sherlock assures her but more than anything, he just wants to be alone with John again. “Will that be all?”
,” John asserts. “We're in a five star hotel. I am pretty sure half the staff speaks English perfectly well, the only problem is that
Sherlock’s gaze goes to John’s hand once more, he seems to be contemplating. But only for a moment. With a sheepish smile he leans forward, slowly opens his mouth and - locking their eyes - he bites on the toast John has offered.
This time Sherlock deepened it, slipping his tongue in between John’s lips, rolling it round and against John’s tongue so eagerly so both of them couldn’t help but moan at the contact. Having to deny themselves such pleasures for the past few days had been a torture even for Sherlock who had been the one suggesting that they should not be allowed getting distracted while on a case.
His stomach tingles as if full of butterflies and heart beats so fast against his ribs it might as well jump out of his chest. On the outside however, he’s but a smitten smile and red cheeks, desperately trying to hide the true nature of his feelings. For the truth is, he feels like he could dance, dance across the drenches streets, all because John Watson is holding his hand. Not to mention he kissed his cheek.
“Neither did I,” John breathes out, the short moment of silence equal to eternity. “...You're lying on top of me.”
“You know-“ John took a pause, so to steel himself. Whether it was an utterly bad idea that could partially ruin their relationship or not, he decided to not back pedal. “You remember how you said you want
The hospital hallways were rather full and crowded, unlike the night before, and so Sherlock had to cram himself through the multitude of people in order to reach the room John had been put in. Mycroft had been waiting for him in front of the entrance so they can go and visit John together, but as soon as Sherlock learnt in which room he was now resting after being successfully recovered, he was on a run and not even his brother could catch up with him.
“Well, it was no longer needed,” Sherlock shrugged again but John could see that his lips were slightly wobbling. “You haven't replied to a single text I'd send you, didn't answer my calls. Maybe if you did I wouldn't have removed your chair.”
to know, it was John. If Sherlock hadn’t so much doubt, if he wasn’t so scared of the possible outcome, of being judged and, contrary to what he’d told John, scared of being doomed to truly stay alone forever he would have confessed much sooner.
Sherlock seems to be still reeling a bit there, he shrug his shoulders, then turns to look at the sun raising on the horizon.
“John, please,“ Mycroft sniggered. “You two smitten pigeons should learn to not look at each other like you’re about to devour each other’s lips, especially not in the presence of other people. It’s
“Well, excuse me but the first time you got shot it was your shoulder,“ Sherlock said earnestly as if it was a fact John wasn’t aware of. “
Not breaking the eye contact, John takes a step up the stairs so they’re on the same level again, leaning close enough to make Sherlock’s heart thud even louder. Sherlock’s breath hitches, he can feel his knees going weak, as cliché as it sounds to him, he can’t help himself. John must have noticed him losing balance as well for he instantly wraps his arms around his waist.
“God, what even I am doing here again.“ Sherlock wasn’t aware of saying those words aloud. He was merely aware of glaring at his brother’s tombstone planted in front of a stone angel who was there to guard him. According to Sherlock’s mum at least. Nevertheless, it was quite a melancholic but creepy scene depicted in front of his eyes. Sherlock’s vision became blurry all of a sudden as if he found himself in a nightmare he couldn’t wake up from. He swallowed dryly a couple of times, taking only quick, shallow breaths. As much as he detested the reality, there was nothing he could do but to accept it.
It lasted for only a couple of seconds. John pulled back as soon as he realised that Sherlock was still trying too hard and in a way that was anything but the right one.
But he wasn’t there at the moment. Sherlock needed him more than ever before, but he was alone and feeling as lonely as he haven’t felt in ages. He knew that nothing that could possibly happen would pull him out of this misery but perhaps a warm cup of tea with a spoon of honey would at least ease his mind a little. So he headed toward the kitchen to put on the kettle and prepare the mug.
tell me, what’s going on, John,“ he muttered, his voice hoarse and cracking under the weight of emotions.
sweet. Besides, John, that shirt is evidently not your size and Sherlock? Scarf around your neck? Pretty
“You have to be kidding me, right?“ John sprang up from his chair, approaching Sherlock so fast he didn’t even have a chance to protest. It took an unimaginable amount of effort to avoid looking John in the eyes, but Sherlock had to. He hated himself for that he has to lie to John again, but it was once again just so to protect him.
Sherlock sucked in air, sharply, his chest raising and falling fast and uneven. For a moment it looked like he was going to faint. The very prospect frightened John so much so he immediately regretted uttering those words. He had braced himself to confess, finally after years of pretending and wavering but upon seeing Sherlock’s reaction, all the courage he had had to admit that he was in love with him vanished in an instant.
“Just don’t put that image in my head, okay?“ John yelped, tightly wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist so he could pull him closer and steal a couple of kisses off those lips. He needed to feel Sherlock’s body, feel his beating heart against his chest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but not even he could believe the sentences his mind knitted in order to derogate the situation. “I am not ruining
“Coincidences don't exist,” Sherlock automatically replies but his brow is furrowed in confusion. “The universe is rarely so lazy. But what does that have to do with anything?”
“Fine, but- once I tell you what happened - promise me you won’t get mad,“ he said at last in a shallow whisper. John nodded but quite reluctantly, he couldn’t promise Sherlock anything until he learnt the truth. After a moment of hesitation, Sherlock climbed into the bed, clinging on the towel around his waist so it wouldn’t fall off.
At that John instantly leaps forward to seize Leonardo's wrist. He twists him around and pushes him against the nearby wall.
“That’s- that’s great, because I thought that maybe we could… go out together.“ The last three words he all but mumbles, talking to a random spot on the floor rather than John.
Sherlock slowly lifts his head and lets his eyes glide all over John's body. “Actually... I beg to differ,” he smirks, planting a small kiss on John's cheek, then moves to brush the tip of his nose against John's.
Sherlock, thousands of people have red hair, how are we supposed to know which one is plundering London banks?
John opened his mouth to agree, but decided against it in the end. No words were needed. He simply smiled at Sherlock, heart-warming smile of sincerest adoration, before he leaned in for another messy but nonetheless perfect kiss.
“There’s not much to talk about anyway. The-the-” Sherlock makes a hopeless gesture with his hand pointing at his lips, “-
John had actually no words prepared but what he was sure of is that he’s not about to confess his true feelings for Sherlock. Not yet at least, not to an extent that could somewhat badly influence their relationship. He needed more time for such decisions and besides, despite everything he’s heard and seen that day and the night before, he was still convinced that what Sherlock felt couldn’t have been a romantic love and so his feelings wouldn’t be requited that way anyway.
John has already picked Major Sholto. Now, it's important to remember - make your speech short and tell no jokes. Here, I've made a list of duties for you-
“T-too far? What are you talking about?“ John felt like his heart was stabbed with the sharpest knife. He finally braced himself to confess what he had thought he was going to keep hidden forever but instead of feeling relieved he was confused. Sherlock suddenly seemed to regret that he had to learn the truth.
Speaking of which, it's time to stop doing that, John chides himself. As he lifts his gaze, his eyes automatically glide over to the laptop lying on the mahogany desk opposite the bed. John had put it away when they arrived and never touched it since but now that the case has been solved, he might as well update the blog and kill some time before he is ready to share the bed with Sherlock again.
is no longer bounded to you at least,“ he added in an attempt to cast a little light upon the subject.
“I said I don’t know,“ Sherlock shrugged, his voice a tad more fretful he intended it to sound, eyes fixed on his twitching fingers instead of John. “I am not sure if you can imagine us being a-a couple, cause frankly, I myself can still only hardly believe that it could be possible. I just don’t want to keep hiding the truth from you. I’ve realised it too late, after wasting one opportunity after another. John, what I wanted to say on the tarmac-“
in the same time thought of informing Mycroft about it? Five seconds prior to that you didn't want to go at all!”
He blinks, trying to figure out what happened, where he is. In an instant, a figure bends over him, somewhat blurred, startling him.
“It’s okay now. It was just a-a… a moment of doubt,“ John groans, feeling stupid now that he perceives.
John’s reply came surprisingly fast. He didn’t even seem to be taken aback by Sherlock’s straightforwardness. “Yes,“ he nodded, eyes still on Sherlock’s face. His heart was beating so frantically, almost as if it was soon about to rip out of his chest. “I had shared a bed with many men before. But not in the context you’re thinking of. Not with all of them at least.“
, only you, Sherlock,“ one more, this time right on lips. It’s a kiss that lingers, and the longer it does the deeper it is. Once they pull back again, it’s only to lock their eyes again, feeling their smiles dropping slightly as they finally fully realise the heavy impact of the moment and what inevitable changes it promises to make in their lives.
“Oh, God no, I am just really getting old, John,“ Sherlock pouted, but John could notice he was in fact having a hard time trying to suppress a grin.
John has approached Sherlock, but Sherlock, knowing John doesn't really mean it, keeps his eyes fixed on the experiment.
Neither he nor John can be certain what exactly is happening, why they’re walking down the street like this, swinging their hands and giggling like a couple of enamoured teenagers but
“I meant every word of it, John.“ Sherlock’s voice cracked and quivered with emotions but he pulled through it. “To ensure your safeness is my priority, no one,
Sherlock chuckles. “Why did you have to conspiratorially whisper it to my ear, John, if all that you wanted to say was...
An empty hospital corridor. Waiting area. John Watson is sitting on one of the chairs outside Sherlock's private ward. He's staring at the wall in front of him, hands clasped, resting on his lap. A single lamp is buzzing above him.
A second later John's running a hand up Sherlock's bare thigh, rolling up his gown, then lifts him up and puts him on the kitchen table. Several flasks, pipes and glasses fall on the floor, shattering into pieces.
Sherlock blushed. “That’s an awful lot of nice attributes for a one man, John,“ don’t you think?“ he purred, allowing John to suck on his neck again even though he was as red as a tomato in his face.
it reached this point and God, despite everything, it’s beginning to look like the best evening of their lives.
I thought you were an assassin. Cold-hearted, calculating machine, never letting the emotions rule your mind.
I do have to admit... I am glad I didn't manage to convince you to let go off that case, Sherlock... Shame we couldn't do more though.
The last memory I have from before I found myself in the hospital. My mind was too clogged, I wasn't allowed to think clearly. Probably that's why I'd forgot about it. Which is weird, because the memory itself is crucial.
“Stop making fun of me,“ Sherlock pouted but left out a pleased hum right afterwards, once John gently stroke the scalp of his head.
even. You want me against the wall, John, hm?“ Sherlock drawled, lazily drawing his fingers back up John’s abdomen, his mouth watering at the mere thought of what was about to follow. He rubbed carefully along John’s nipple, across his scar and up his neck, passing two of his fingers right toward John’s parted lips, pausing only briefly before allowing John to suck.
Instead of trying to get out of the way he nudged at the older wrinkly doctor that soon enough realised there is no use in trying to reason with the detective “His name is
a freak,“ John sighed in response, immediately wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s waist to pull him closer and plant a kiss over the temple of his head. He kept his lips pressed against his skin even once Sherlock continued talking.
“Right, okay.” John averts his eyes, knowing there’s nothing else to be said about the case. Silence has fallen and he can but fiddle with the hem of his blanket, as if to keep himself occupied before inevitably breaking it again. “Are you... coming to bed now?”
I've tried, John. I've tried not think of what had happened, but these memories... Every once in a while they come back to haunt me. To torture me. The more I try to suppress them, the more violent they become. It's preventing me from doing my work. I can seldom concentrate... Take the last case, for instance... All it takes is a one inconvenient word, it's like pulling a trigger and it starts a storm in my head. I've become an absolutely useless, worthless shell of a man. What even is my purpose, when I can't properly use my brain anymore?
Then I suppose you need a doctor who can... Were you anyone else I'd suggest you talk to a therapist, but you're not anyone else, are you?
“Can I help you?” He addresses his words to the sharply dressed woman with glasses that appears to be the hotel manager. However, Harrington interjects before she so much as introduces herself.
“We both are,“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, yet he was speaking in quiet a serious tone. “But right now, it’s
“No, no, it’s okay,“ John smiled at him fondly, this time not wavering for a second to put his hand upon Sherlock’s shoulder.
We’ve always been,“ he sighed, pressing his forehead against Sherlock’s once again. “I’ve been a bull for lying to myself, for denying-God, Sherlock, I-“
Just as the haze over his eyes clears up, he registers the tousled mop of hair tickling his chin and soon enough realises that
And all at once, they're standing too close. The proximity's making the conversation slightly awkward.
This time John manages to utter a few words, prompting Sherlock to pull back but only so far so they can speak.
“Oi, John,“ Mrs Hudson snorted. “I wasn’t born yesterday. You are an honourable, loyal man, you wouldn’t spend a night with Sherl-“
“I am afraid that might be the case… It seems you’ve changed your mind pretty fast,“ Sherlock remarked. “Few minutes ago those mails were just a spam.“
It wasn’t until much later when Sherlock opened his eyes again, blinking away the tears, sniffing quietly in sorrow that didn’t seem to fade. He sensed that someone was now standing by his side but still winced like a rabbit upon realising that he was not alone anymore. At first he could see only the silhouette of a person towering above him but then, once his eyes got used to the light again, he could tell it is his brother who’s joined him.
Sherlock didn’t have a chance to finish what he intended to. He had been disturbed by Mrs Hudson who just breezed into the room with the biggest grin on her face and a tea tray in her hands.
in my life. No matter how hard I’ve tried, my life was barely worth living while you’ve been gone. There was this bloody hole in my heart that no one but you could fill again, Sherlock. The truth is, I’ve made my choice long ago, in the very beginning. I was just too
Closer on John - looking at his own reflection, adjusting his collar. He smiles - a sidelong glance at the wall on his left.
“It’s not that I don’t trust your judgement, John, I am just making sure you’re all right. In any case, we can order china like we always do.“ A pause. “But if you
“I do realise now that I should have rather listened to you more closely, trying to understand from the very beginning, instead of coming up with all those, frankly, ridiculous excuses. You do remember how I told you there was no need fooling such a smart man like you? Alas, I was so stupidly ignoring this very knowledge just because I was
what she wants. She’s just trying to… intimidate me,“ John snarled, putting the mug aside in fear of not handling the situation very well. Mary was the last person he wanted to talk about in the middle of making what was probably the most important decision of his life. He hesitated, still unsure whether to drag Sherlock into such a mess his own life with Mary had been, but then his phone beeped again, once, twice, John could’ve as well erupt if he didn’t talk about what had been bothering him for such a long time already.
John grunted, stiff and sore from lying in the same aching position for such a long time. He’d barely gotten any proper sleep. Half of the night he’d been pacing up and down between Sherlock’s bedroom and sitting room, making sure that everything had been as well as it should be. The other half he’d spent tossing around on the sofa, trying to ignore his constantly beeping phone, shivering under the blankets in nothing but pants and Sherlock’s shirt. Shirt that smelled like a freshly bloomed meadow but John wasn’t complaining. He’d noticed how meticulously Sherlock treated his clothes, using as much unnecessary products as when taking care of his hair, paying extra effort so the fabric was pliant and soft enough. John’s face split into a light smile at the thought of that man who’d tried to persuade everyone how careless he’d been.
John fumes, shakes his head in disbelief. He takes a moment, trying to compose himself but failing. Turns back to look at Mary, shooting daggers at her.
It was difficult to concentrate on anything but John’s warm touch. Sherlock took a couple of long, deep breaths, almost as if he had to brace himself before offering a reply.
He loves wholeheartedly, earnestly, unconditionally, dearly. John feels somewhat stupid for ever doubting. His hands come to squish Sherlock’s cheeks before he kisses him, again and again, until overwhelmed, grasping for air and teetering on the verge of tears.
Sherlock fails in his attempt to stay calm. He can’t, not now that he can see the image of John between his legs without even having to look. He rocks his hips almost furiously, his entire body, still sticky from earlier, swaying on the mattress as he thrusts into John’s mouth. John grabs his waist and pulls him even closer, bobbing his head until Sherlock’s cock hits the back of his mouth. Twice, thrice, before Sherlock convulses, howling John’s name loudly, his legs shuddering and skin flushing as hard as if he's been engulfed in fire before he releases inside John’s mouth, coming so much so it obscenely drips down John’s lip and chin and fist. Yet John doesn’t pull back until he cleans him off completely, until Sherlock’s too sensitive cock is flaccid in his hand and Sherlock’s finally breathing less heavily, still moaning but at least not shaking any more.
Right on cue, John returns with two fresh glasses of tequila and a weak smile on his face but as he notices Marco, the smile vanishes at the speed of light and his face twists into a scowl. Whoever that stranger is, his presence immediately awakens the green-eyed monster within John.
It took them a while. Climbing up the stairs was something John realised would be a little problematic in the next few days. It didn’t hurt, the wound was completely healed after all, but it was exhausting, and, as Sherlock already pointed out, the limp was once again causing John little trouble walking. Sherlock however started panicking as soon as they reached the fourth step without even asking John why he was slowing down.
“But wait…“ Sherlock’s brows knitted in a thick line. “Before I left you alone at Baker Street yesterday, you seemed to be quite disgruntled, you demanded answers. And now you don’t even want to hear any explanation?“
But Sherlock knows exactly how to respond. Returning the smirk, he leisurely swims closer to John, his mind set on revenge. If only he wasn't distracted...
Almost as if feeling the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze, John turns to face him with a smile, difficult to read properly.
Sherlock shrugs, his thumb absently circling around the rim of his, still full, glass. “You did look like you're in dire need of a drink. I could tell before you said anything.”
John almost choked on the air he was about to inhale once Sherlock cooed against his lips. Those few simple words were echoing in his ears like a chant, over and over again, never piping down.
“It’s nothing, just a silly idea,“ Sherlock flaps his hand, but John doesn’t let him to simply sweep the subject under the carpet.
(They're keeping their voices down, throwing furtive glances at Nurse Ferguson, but continue dancing.)
“Oh, Sherlock,“ he said softly, reaching for Sherlock’s hand. “I wish we haven’t wasted so much time. We could’ve had this-“
John has to bite his tongue so he would stop himself from making a dirty comment. “As you wish then,“ he sniggers after a while, making once again sure that Sherlock is truly ready before passing the first piece of food toward his lips. Something that Sherlock, much to John’s amusement, recognises the moment he is able to smell it.
You're not talking and I am beginning to lose my patience. Why am I here, hm? Here, of all places...
, isn’t it?“ Mycroft smirked knowingly, as if John wasn’t even there in the room. “Well, at least you two will have no problem to entertainingly occupy yourself while being locked up in here alone for God knows how long.“
He hesitated for a couple of more agonizingly long seconds, but then he turned around and stepped forth for the exit, snatching the cigarette out of Mycroft’s hand before finally leaving the room.
Silence. Dr. Mason carries on, takes a few notes. Once finished, she looks back at Sherlock, attempts to say something but Sherlock beats her to it.
He turns around, begins to walk away but almost immediately comes to a halt. Like he's changed his mind.
“What if she no longer does?“ Mycroft inquired. “What if she knows that we were digging up the dirt on her?“
“I am sorry, Sherlock, but it still makes no sense to me,“ John shook his head once he was done reading the second time.
this, John. I don’t understand what’s happened. You were finally about to get the life you’ve always yearned for, a wife, a family. All I wanted for you was to be… content and happy. I thought you were about to have all that with Mary, but here you are, telling me she's deliberatedly treating you worse than a piece of dirt. I-I-I suppose it would be foolish of me, asking for forgivness now that I've made you believe your feelings mattered less, but know that I thought you were just misunderstanding just because I believed that she had become someone else, someone better, buried her villainous self
As noiselessly as possible, John walks up to the desk and sits down in the chair but he very soon realises that trying to get anything done at this hour is virtually useless. The longer he stares at the screen, the more blurry his vision gets until he actually dozes off for a while and probably would spend the night in a very uncomfortable position were it not for his head almost hitting the top of the desk.
“John... John, please, don't think that I am belitteling your feelings in any form or shape. I am on your side, entirely, not hers. What
They waddled across the room, arms wrapped around each other, mouth on mouth in a fevered kiss, tripping over their own feet before John whirled them around and pushed Sherlock against the wall, for what was the very first time actually. Neither of them had any idea how did they get there, but to say any of them minded would be a blatant lie.
Much to his relief, he didn’t even have to send Sherlock a text and then wait for a reply, anxious if he was even going to receive one. Sherlock soon appeared in the doorway, but John’s initial delight turned immediately into shock once his gaze fell upon Sherlock’s face. He looked awful, his hair tousled, clothes dirty and wrinkled and ugly bags under his weary eyes, but that wasn’t what made John worried the most. Sherlock’s face was cut on several places, the worst cut being the one on his forehead and another long narrow slit on his cheek.
“Not actually a case,“ Sherlock prolapsed. “I’ve been shamelessly procrastinating in these past few days and so now I’ll have to work for days and nights straight without taking any break-“
John, however, is floundering. He can but wonder if Sherlock realises that words, in fact, do have an impact and he can't just say something like
John blinks rapidly at Sherlock, trying to process this information, but Sherlock is still smiling and doesn't even appear to be too flustered.
John reached for Sherlock’s arm, but his hand froze in air once he changed his mind and pulled back. He was angry with himself in that moment. So angry and even frightened of himself that he’d willingly punch himself in face. After moments of relief that Sherlock had not given up on him despite being confronted with his sincerest feelings, he screwed up again only days later and in quite a colossal way.
“What’s truly important for me now is that you get enough sleep, so-“ John beckoned toward the bedroom. “I’ll be here if you need anything.“
“You were complaining,” John retorts. Sherlock scowls at him in return but decides to hold his tongue. At least until they reach their hotel room.
John chortles, walks over to the side of the bed where Sherlock's lying, sits on the edge of the bed.
On John, contemplating her words. Throws a glance at the door, then down the hall, but doesn't move. He cannot leave.
“No, let me finish, John,“ Sherlock cut him off, folding a finger over his lips and then pecking the corner of his mouth. “
Despite feeling so strangely drained, exhausted and downright miserable, he was on a high alert, each time a doctor or a nurse passed by him he quickly rose up from the chair in panic, ready to receive news, any kind of news, but no one seemed to be paying attention to the man. People were insolently ignoring him, so he fell back down in an instant they were gone, hopelessly burying his face into his hands, not even demanding any further attention.
John opened his mouth to deny but decided against it in the end. He had no idea how or why even he allowed himself to slip as such but the truth was that there was indeed something that had been bothering him for a long time, something he didn’t want to discuss with Sherlock just yet. Especially since it seemed to not be the right time yet and they had a myriad of other troubles to go through anyway. It was rather a surprise that Sherlock managed to deduce what was going on in John’s mind since John put an extra effort into not giving away too much.
“Oh, none of that would have happened, I know,“ Sherlock groaned, “you don’t have to be reminding me of
“Oh, God, I almost forgot,“ John cleared his throat, loudly, oscillating for a short while before striding to the kitchen. “I-I was about to make you a cup of tea, but then-“
Sherlock rolls his eyes, standing up from his chair before he takes a long step toward John. “Isn’t it obvious that I am just making ridiculous excuses because I prefer to stay in your company?“
being honest with you, John,“ Sherlock insisted but his voice betrayed him, cracking under the weight of all those repressed feelings.
“So can I do this?“ John sniggered naughtily, keeping his voice deep before he leaned even closer, taking Sherlock’s lobe in between his thin lips. The sound Sherlock just made was clearly an attempt to utter John’s name but once John tenderly chewed on the skin, it melted like a chocolate into a kind of moan he would be embarrassed of if his mind wasn’t completely shut off.
Sherlock shuddered, trying to brush off that venomous voice that had been whispering to him. Clouding his mind with such unpleasant thoughts was quite imprudent at the moment, especially because his body had dozed off already, turning so numb he could barely stand on his feet.
better,“ John said, reaching for Sherlock’s hand again, grasping his wrist ever so carefully, his thumb brushing Sherlock’s in the most calming pace.
would almost definitely be a bit too bold of John, especially after he's just barely managed the save the situation.
Okay, maybe once. Or twice. Clearly, I misjudged. You're often a lot more observant than I am, John. It's been proven to me many times over the past few years.
“Ridiculous.“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his still hoarse and gruff voice unveiled the truth behind his feelings. Despite he had intentions to show weakness in front of anyone, not least his older sibling, his tearful red eyes were enough of an evidence to prove that he spent the last few hours crying.
,” John growls and covers Sherlock's hand with his own, the pre-come pouring over their fingers and dripping down Sherlock's thighs. Shutting his eyes, John hides his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck, trying to savour the feeling for as long as possible but he's
Sherlock found himself gawking at John for a brief while, for his tone was somewhat harsh and full of disappointment. He didn't comprehend yet, still persuading his own perplexed self that he was right, that Mary was the best that could happen to John, that she had changed because of him, taking no risks anymore. John chose her after all. It was meant to be that way or so Sherlock thought, having a hard time understanding why John was acting so oddly all of a sudden, talking about Mary as if he felt nothing but hatred toward her. Even though judging from the facts, he seemed to have more than one valid reason now.
“John.... Hey. Morning.” Sherlock's voice is croaky, he looks beyond dishevelled, sporting a three days' worth of stubble and damn... John has never in his life seen anything that attractive.
The last couple of Sherlock’s words morphed into a long, gravelly groan and then another once John clasped his arms around his waist and pulled out just so the head of his cock was buried inside, teasing Sherlock for a brief moment. John barely jerked his hips, leaning forward to suck on Sherlock’s neck instead, this time biting too, tasting on the skin, never mind the water that was getting in the way.
Once he stepped inside through the massive wooden front door, he began looking for Mary, he’s been  searching the place for long and what seemed dozens of minutes, looking for clues, observing the interior inch by inch, from dusty carpets to ragged tapestry on the walls, but there were no signs of the woman. Apart from that creepy tangling feeling that someone or something is tiptoeing behind is back, there was nothing to suggest that there are any other living creatures around.
Sherlock tilts his head, staring at John. He opens his mouth a few times, but finds himself unable to respond.
“In short, you think your uncle plans to get revenge on your family because your father fired him. Correct?”
“I am still not sure what do you expect from me,“ he squinted. “Am I supposed to take Sherlock’s place and start investigating on my own?“
you, Mary, or whatever your name is. I should’ve seen what kind of a scoundrel you are, I should have left you and never forgive you, I shouldn’t have trusted you.“
On Nurse Ferguson, she scowls in their direction, turns on her heels, an attempt to escape through the back door.
“Shhh-“ John gently folded a finger over Sherlock’s lips so to shush him down. “I understand. You don’t have to explain, Sherlock,“ he smiled through the tears. “I know why you were so hesitant to make a move.“
John knit his eyebrows. It couldn't get any worse than that. “At the grave? You were there? When... when I-”
“We’re not nearly finished yet,“ John murmurs. Sherlock tries to at least guess what could possibly follow but he has to admit he’s clueless, not even realising what is inevitably about to happen once he so casually asks for a hint.
,“ Sherlock said, piercing his eyes upon John who didn’t seem to comprehend what was that confession supposed to do with anything so Sherlock continued. “Once you found out about my scars you said you would kill those who did it to me. I wanted to do the same to Mary, but… then I’ve realised that she is not going to suffer enough that way. I want to see her
think that’s weak. I – I appreciate it,“ Sherlock added, taking a pause almost as if he couldn’t find a word strong enough to express his gratitude.
“Bond was on a motorbike, John,“ Sherlock objected, hissing under his breath once John applied a plaster on his forehead.
But Sherlock was as clueless as John. It seemed that Mary completely lost her sanity somewhere in between assassinating people for money and faking a pregnancy in order to hold John in leash.
If Mycroft didn’t approach them in time Sherlock would definitely have to be dragged out of the hospital against his will.
Without a word, John closes the door. Sherlock throws another frown in his direction, as if to express his disappointment with the lack of response but quickly resumes ranting.
“I am so sorry,“ he whispered while gripping John’s chin and carefully tilting his head back so he can get an air into his lungs. Sherlock sincerely hoped that John will have a chance to kill him for what he was about to do. He took a deep breath, pinched John’s nose and pressed his open mouth against John’s parted lips, breathing in and repeating the same once more before he pulled back and shifted to his chest in order to restart his heart.
“Since you don't live here,” he shrugged and with an air of obtrusive theatricality, he flopped down on the couch. He wasn't exactly proud of himself, in fact, he found such attitude deplorable and loathed himself even more than before but the truth was that he was panicking and didn't know what to say or do with himself.
“I’d gone mad after what happened to me,“ he sighs, the mere notion hurting like a knife through the heart. “Or even worse. That, however, doesn’t mean you’re responsible for the choices I make. This is
Which is why John looks positively horrified when he takes a glance at the alarm clock and notices the big flashing 2:14 on the screen.
“I nearly had them!“ Sherlock hissed, this time aloud, frustratedly tossing his arms in the air. “It was a matter of few minutes, John. We’ve had such a
Sherlock shook his head. “I am not scared of you.“ But what a lie that was. Mycroft warned him that Mary is sly and no one should dare to toy with her. But Sherlock couldn’t care less, he underestimated her, took the bait and as it seemed it was a mistake that might have very well cost him his life. His mind could only slowly comprehend the fact that he had nothing to defend himself with. At first he even refused to accept that he was simply wrong. Again. It wasn’t until Mary loaded her gun that Sherlock realised he somewhat fatally screwed up.
“I do want to look at you, John,“ he repeats, reaching to cover John’s hands with his own, ever so gently brushing his thumbs across John’s knuckles. John shivers as if surprised to feel Sherlock’s touch, but he doesn’t protest when Sherlock begins to slowly pulling his hands away to reveal the face he’s been so desperate to conceal for such a long time already. John hesitates but after a brief moment he opens his right eye, blinking at Sherlock, bewildered.
. John playfully nudges Sherlock’s arm before he leans back in his seat, feigning annoyance. “Shut up, you
. Once Sherlock lifted up his head, he nearly screeched in shock. He could see Mary’s reflection as clear as crystal in the mirror. Standing behind him, pointing her gun at him, repeating the words ‘
“I lied to you again,“ he added, his voice filled with sincere regret. “I didn’t tell you what I am planning, that I am about to nab your wife. John, if I was honest with you from the very first second, none of this would have happened. Please, forgive me. Just once more.“
“Sorry to disappoint your vainglorious self, but you are not nearly as intimidating as you aspire to be.“ Another colossal lie.
“I am fine. Why wouldn’t I be?” he gives John a guilty look, then bows his head. “What about, uhm... you?”
“I-I don’t even know,“ Sherlock admitted. “I am sorry, John, I didn’t intend to fall asleep here like this, I-“
“Well, yesterday we’ve agreed on that we’re not ready to talk about our feelings just yet… and look where we are today, John. “
He opens his mouth once, twice, to continue from where the conversation took a pause but no words ever leave his throat, for the sudden proximity between their faces makes his brain so dizzy he barely remembers his own name.
Sherlock had only few seconds to plan the next step. He tried to collect himself, steady his breathing, think clearly, analyse the situation, but there was no point in attempting to remain calm. Once he glanced at the place the gory wound was located under the shredded piece of cloth, he lost every fragment of sanity he possessed so far. John’s got shot far enough from his heart, but Sherlock could tell that it was a no less a dangerous injury.
“I wouldn’t mind holding hands,” John blurts out despite himself but immediately regrets the choice of words. Fortunately, he manages to collect himself fairly quickly. “I mean... I mean, for a case.”
until Mary was put behind the bars? Bear in mind that you wouldn’t be able to leave this place anyway… until it’d be safe again at least. Sherlock, we’re doing this for your own safety.“
does not want to. “Yeah, of course I am,” he nods at last, ”I’d be a bloody fool if I declined to stay at a luxurious hotel in the heart of a Spanish paradise. Especially since
Sherlock followed soon after, right after he realised what Mycroft was in fact trying to tell him. It was all there, loud and clear, Sherlock couldn’t believe it took him more than just a few seconds to figure it out. Mycroft was just playing another one of his games – damsels in distress, dragons to slay, knights in shining armours – it was all just a secret code, camouflage, probably just a show so Mrs Hudson suspected nothing more than she had been already aware of. ‘Your Sleeping Beauty has awoken’ could have meant just one, although Sherlock found the choice of words quite pathetic and unnecessarily soppy. John was the Sleeping Beauty in this case, John has awoken.
was but up until now they had to keep pretending, they had to act like it meant nothing and was it tiresome and above all - painful. But not anymore. They've got a lot to discuss, yes, nothing has been resolved yet and John knows there's absolutely no avoiding the
?“ He snickered, quickly shedding off his jeans and pants once Sherlock finally managed to unbuckle his belt and then helped Sherlock to strip off his own trousers. Sherlock reached to undress himself completely too but John beat him to it. He fiddled with the waistband for a short moment before swiftly rolling his pants down, still kissing him with somewhat filthy voracity. They stood stark naked in front of each other only for a second before John grasped Sherlock’s hips and lifted him up, glaring at him with the most suggestive smile.
Offering but a small reassuring nod, Sherlock pulls John closer, making sure he feels as safe and loved as he's always deserved to feel.
“Really? I don’t think so, look at your face. Jesus, those wounds need to be disinfected.“ Sherlock snorted in protest but John was already on his way to the bathroom. He returned a few moments later with a small first-aid box in his hand.
“Oh, if that’s the issue then... well, you can always borrow one of my shirts,“ Sherlock suggested, innocently, turning on his heels. Before John actually comprehended what Sherlock had said, Sherlock was already back, casually tossing a plain, flimsy shirt in John’s direction. John didn’t even flinch but stared at the piece of cloth in his hand as if it was for the very first time he’d seen such a thing, blinking rapidly in surprise.
John has slowly started adapting himself to his former life. The first few days at Baker Street were rather tough, but ever since the night he opened up to Sherlock, he’s been doing significantly better. In less than three months he's managed to make an incredibly positive progress. Little to no tears and more sleep, having nightmares much less frequently now that he has found the strength in him again. Thanks to Sherlock, no doubt, who has proven himself to be a massive pillar of support, taking his promises extremely seriously. Sometimes, perhaps,
Sherlock, clutching the mug in his hands. Looking down at the mug, rather than John. As if nervous, unsure how to start. After a moment, he exhales, finally composes himself... Looks back at John.
“So you’re not angry with me?“ Sherlock asked as such in anticipation of receiving a negative answer. He slowly drew his hand away but this sudden loss of contact with John made the world feel as grim as if there were no colours anymore. Everything was just grey and gloomy again.
Sherlock couldn't be further from contented but he didn't say anything and took another drag instead.
“Our car’s arrived,“ Sherlock uttered, beckoning toward the black vehicle parked just a couple of feet away. He rose up, supporting John with one hand, his baggage in the other one and no words on his lips. John opened his mouth to say something, but before he managed to, Sherlock was already hauling him inside of the car.
As soon as Sherlock woke up the next morning he was about to sneak out of the bed as quietly as possible, but he didn’t even manage to lift his head up from John’s chest; the other man had been already awoken as it seemed.
