John giggled, the sound high and a little hysterical, and he leaned forward. He wasn’t sure what he planned to do - maybe just rest his forehead against the forehead of the man who had rescued him. Who had fixed his psychosomatic limp. Who had given him purpose and laughter and finally a place where he felt like he belonged.
Several minutes passed and neither spoke. John wondered who would break first, but he was still surprised when Sherlock spoke: "What are you doing?"
And then, without fully understanding how it came to pass, Sherlock found himself sharing a table at the library with Victor.
.  We went to primary school together. We used to be assigned seats near each other because of our last names - Holmes and Hooper, right? Sometimes we’d talk, and he knew so much about the oddest things, like how the hierarchy of a beehive works or what common household plants are the most poisonous.” Her kind face grew uncomfortable. “He knew other things too.”
The kettle whistles. John returns to the stove and prepares a second cup as well as his own. It might be ignored, cold tea poured into the sink tomorrow morning by John himself, but he can’t not offer it. It’s not about the tea. It’s not something corporeal he’s offering. John knows this and he suspects that Sherlock has begun to suspect it. They’re not ready to talk about it yet, however, and tonight is certainly not the right time.
Harry was grinning. She picked up the pan again and returned to scrubbing. “Hell, yeah. You ended up dancing with that very fit bloke. Nice pull.”
John’s eyes drifted towards the corner of the room. Amongst the chaos of the lab, there was a bubble of quiet. Sherlock Holmes sat alone at his table. He was playing with his mobile, not even pretending to search for a lab partner. He seemed entirely uninterested in the process around him, but John thought he could see tightness in the other boy’s shoulders.
Victor did not seem to notice his friend’s growing panic. Before long, Sherlock blinked and realized that both he and Victor were naked. What had happened to their clothing? And then Victor’s hand was between his legs, reaching, stroking, and-
Molly peeked at him from the corner of his eyes. Whatever she saw in John’s face made her eyes soften. “He’s brilliant.”
“John, you’re fussing.” Sherlock shifts, bending one knee and then the other. The heels of his shoes drag across the cement and he plants his feet. John keeps a heavy hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and thinks longingly of how still and pliant an unconscious Sherlock is. He winces a little at this uncharitable thought.
“Come on, mate.” Lestrade has returned to the room, and he rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “John says you need to go into the hospital. Gotta listen to your GP, am I right?”
And then in the next heartbeat, it was over. In the sudden silence, John found himself on his hands and knees, staring at the tiled floor with a burning chest. He took a greedy breath and then another, and the tightness eased. He felt like his body had been ground by a mortar and pestle. Panting, he struggled to find the strength to lift his heavy head.
Beside him, Sherlock keeps nodding off. His head hits his chin and he wakes up, coming online all at once, his eyes bright and fully engaged. But within a few minutes he begins to sag again, the post-case exhaustion finally catching up. John managed to bully a scone into him this morning, but he knows Sherlock hasn’t slept for three days.
John rolled his eyes and dropped his tray across from Mike. "Greg, why don't you join us?" he asked loudly. Molly broke off from her conversation with Mike and looked at John with a puzzled expression. Then she saw Greg and her dimples appeared
“You were hit on the head,” John murmurs, fingers ghosting along Sherlock’s hairline. “Antagonizing the big guy might not have been your brightest idea.” He wants to run his hands through those dark curls, reassure himself that the mighty brain, the organ that makes Sherlock who he is, is safe and intact, but he holds himself back. “You’ve been out for twenty minutes, give or take. Nearly scared me to death. I don’t see any sign of a skull fracture, but it took you a long time to wake up.  I-” he pauses here to steady his voice. “I was worried.”
John didn’t know which of them moved first, only that their lips were soon pressed together, morning breath sour but forgotten, and he answered Sherlock’s mewling gasp with a throaty growl of his own. Sharp teeth nipped lightly at his lips, and then Sherlock’s mouth, hot and wet, moved to his chin and down his throat. John reached an arm around Sherlock’s narrow waist, and he pulled the other man on top of him. Their groins pressed together, hardness sliding against answering hardness through pajama bottoms, and John thought he could become lost under Sherlock’s roving hands, wet mouth, and lean muscle.
He couldn’t help himself. John began to laugh, and as he grinned up at the other boy, he dared to hold a little tighter onto those thin hips.
The other boy raised his eyebrows - oh, there, that was definitely the start of a smile - and he turned suddenly. A very firm and shapely arse pushed against John’s lap, and he felt his body begin to react. He had a moment of panic, wondering if this was over the line, but then the other boy peered at him over one narrow shoulder.  He bit his lower lip and rocked against John, and the challenge was clear.
John wasn’t as tall as Anderson. He weighed at least a stone less than him. But as John stood straighter, pulling back his shoulders back and stepping forward, making Anderson stumble backwards, John felt like a giant..
But he hadn’t said yes either, and Victor - sweet, understanding Victor who didn’t seem to mind that Sherlock could not be bothered with small talk, who laughed at Sherlock’s rudeness and sometimes tugged a dark curl in response - continued to touch and lick and fuck.
Sherlock is brilliant. He should never look like that, John thinks. He should never curl into himself. He should
It was then that Sherlock realized both of John’s smaller surgeon’s hands were holding his own larger left hand, cradling it like something to be cherished.
Two hours later, Sherlock had determined where the murderous brother-in-law was hiding. The man was holed up at one of his laundry businesses which was, ridiculously, the site of his money laundering operation.
Sherlock pushes his feet against the armrest, and his head inches toward John. It’s such a small movement that it’s barely noticeable. John bites his lip.  Sherlock is still for another minute, and then he moves a little bit closer to John.
“Well, yes, that was rather my point,” Sherlock manages to say while John does his best to kiss the words out of his lips.
Sherlock takes to sitting closer on the sofa when they settle down to watch telly and eat their take-out. He leans over John more as they move about the kitchen, letting their arms brush.  When John is responding to commenters on his blog one evening, Sherlock hovers over his shoulder to correct his grammar, and his breath is hot on John’s cheek. Even after Sherlock moves away, John can feel the ghost of his breath, and he rewrites the same sentence at least ten times before he gives up and goes to bed early.
Lestrade, taking Sherlock’s stillness for surrender, pats his shoulder once, twice. “There’s a good man,” he says.
"It was nothing," he said again, but more fiercely.  "I've got to go."  He slung his bag over his shoulder and hurried away, pausing only to dump his unfinished lunch in the bin.
They were too far away from each other to make eye contact, but John knew that those strange pale eyes were pointed directly at him.
“My name is Sherlock.” The boy's lips were swollen from kissing and his eyes were smoldering, but then he bit his lip, and John thought he could see a hint of insecurity there.
“Are we still studying together today?”  John asked. “Rugby starts tomorrow, so this is the last time I can come immediately after school. We’ll have to figure out a new meeting time in the future.”
John’s gaze swung between his two friends and he smiled, taking another bite of the sandwich he had brought from home.
“I thought I was going to be late,” John announced one morning, dropping his backpack on the desk and sagging into his seat.
John risked a glance at Sherlock. His dramatic eyebrows were pulled into a tight V as he studied the potion, and his tongue was sticking out between his lips. John found his gaze lingering on Sherlock’s mouth, and he suddenly realized that he was still holding Sherlock’s wrist. He could feel Sherlock’s pulse under the delicate skin below his own thumb.
John thought of pale eyes and a warm mouth against his own, a dance that still turned his blood to fire when he thought of it, and then the unbelievable pleasure he had experienced in the supply closet. “No. I mean, yeah, we met once. I was surprised to see him last week. I didn’t know what school he went to.”  He studied his sandwich.  “Does he want to go to medical school too?”
After that, they hold hands regularly. Not all the time - they’re not schoolgirls after all, John thinks - but when they are in the cab. When they’re in a dark alley on a stake-out. When they wait side-by-side in the basement of Barts for some lab results, slumping slowly against each other as the quiet of the halls and the exhaustion of the case lulls them into half-dozing.
“Merlin’s beard, you’re gorgeous,” John said, unable to stop himself, and Sherlock gave him a small and surprising shy smile in return.
John took another sip of beer. Supper had been hours ago, and with a half-empty stomach, he was beginning to cultivate a nice buzz.
“This leg up,” he murmurs into Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock pulls his leg in, settling his foot flat on the bed. John reaches between Sherlock’s legs with lube-slick fingers and he presses his thumb against Sherlock’s perineum. Sherlock’s head flies back and he lets out a low moan.
“Breathe, Sherlock,” he says, and Sherlock immediately takes in a deep breath and holds it. When he lets it out again, John presses his thumb into Sherlock’s body.
John feels a flare of anger, but it flickers out almost as soon as it ignites.  When a case goes wrong or the cruelty of humanity feels utterly pointless, John resorts to anger. He needs to imagine hurting the perpetrators, raining down righteous violence, and he’ll often be short with Sherlock for days. Sherlock, in turn, takes the hurt of the world and directs it inward, harming only himself. The cigarettes are a slow self-harm, an insidious poison. John doesn’t have to like it, but he understands that this is Sherlock’s way.
“Want me to-?” John bit his lip and paused. He wondered if Sherlock had thought to bring a second condom.
Before James, there had been rugby buddies and friendly acquaintances and plenty of girlfriends, but John had always felt more comfortable keeping others at arms’ length. He knew this probably had something to do with watching his parents, who fought fiercely and laughed just as loudly, gravitating around each other even as they leaned away like wounded animals to lick their wounds.
By some unspoken agreement, they both looked down together and John felt his knees grow weak at the sight of their unclothed erections so close together. Sherlock’s cock was long and thin, much like the teen himself, and while John wasn’t as long, his erection had significantly more girth. The heads of both of their cocks were ruddy and swollen, and John was pleased to notice that Sherlock’s was also dripping with precome.
Sherlock lifted his cigarette to his mouth, took a long drag, and then flicked it away.  He turned on his heel and strode away, leaving John staring after him.
Sherlock nodded, the corner of his mouth twitching, and John remembered how soft those lips had been under his own.  Then Bradstreet clapped his hands to get the students’ attention, class began, and the moment was lost.
As John slowly came back to himself, he realized that his forehead was pressed tightly against Sherlock’s shoulder. He could feel Sherlock breathing heavily and deeply against his ear. Then Sherlock moved just a little bit, and John felt the press of a kiss against his temple. It was tender and sweet, and John wasn’t quite sure how to react, so he stayed still and breathed in Sherlock.
He was forgotten now, an ignored pawn in Moriarty and Sherlock’s game. The two men weren’t even looking at him as they traded barbed words. Moriarty hadn’t even bothered to have John's wand taken, and oh, that stung - it meant Moriarity knew that something was wrong with John and considered him a non-player.
Sherlock. The spell Sherlock had cast then was stronger and more solid than any John had seen Sherlock cast before.
“Yeah, well.” He studied his hands. “I think I messed it up. I invited him to my rugby game. I didn’t think he had come, but he did. I didn’t see him at first, and then he just appears when I’m flirting with this girl-”
Sherlock did not look up from his phone. “I usually work alone.” His voice was just as deep as John remembered.
and when John was with him, he was able to forget the phantom ache in his leg and the old hurt in his chest. Running through the streets of Muggle London, John again felt like he had discovered a place where he could belong - at Sherlock’s side.
Sherlock still didn’t know what to say. It was rare for him to be struck dumb, but Sherlock had begun to suspect that he could not always trust his mind and body when he was in the presence of John Watson.
And just like that, John was overcome by the ridiculousness of the situation. Last year, if a friend had asked John where he’d be in one year, he would never - not in a thousand years - have been able to imagine this.
“Dining hall’s that way. Secondary school is over there - not much reason for you to go that way.” They went up some stairs. “I heard you wanted to go to medical school, right? Me too. We’ll be in plenty of classes together.”  They turned a corner. “Did you see the rugby fields? We can check them out during lunch. You play rugby, right? I’ll introduce you to Greg.”
John mouths Sherlock’s other nipple and continues to work Sherlock with his thumb. After a few minutes, he exchanges his thumb for his second and third fingers. Sherlock’s hisses against the intrusion, but his breaths quickly become gasping moans, and John begins to scissor his fingers, opening Sherlock with a steady hand even as his heart pounds against his chest like a wild thing trying to escape its cage.  When John adds a third finger, Sherlock’s cries grow loud and throaty and John thinks it’s the hottest thing he’s ever heard.
After that, if they don’t have a case, they spend the evening on the couch together. Sometimes John settles down with a book and sometimes he turns on the telly. Sherlock usually starts the evening in the kitchen, mixing noxious-appearing fluids or cutting bits of organic matter so that he can study them under his microscope. After John retires to the couch, however, he’s soon to follow. In no more than fifteen minutes (but never less than ten), he’ll wander into the living room with faux casualness, which John pretends not to notice.
John had never seen someone who looked like this boy.  He wasn’t exactly handsome, at least not in the traditional sense, but his face was striking, and the combination of his unusual features gave him a peculiar sort of beauty from which John couldn’t pull his gaze.  John suddenly thought of his grandma, gone ten years now, and the stories she’d tell of impossible beings who lived in the Highlands. He seemed unreal.
“Did-” he licked his lip, wincing when his tongue came in contact with the cut. “Did you mean that?” His voice sounded very young.
“Come on, sweetheart. Yes, that’s it. It’s so good. God, you feel so good, Sherlock. I could touch you forever. You’re beautiful. Please, please,
Rubbing his hands together, Mike said, “All right, so everyone knows everyone. Great game. Lovely. Now can we eat?”
Sherlock is not helping the situation. He’s become a whirling dervish at the crime scene, spitting out deductions about the murder victim and forensic team in equal measures. Lestrade’s left eyebrow has begun to twitch, and John is appreciating the beginnings of a headache.
"You're hardly the first person I've gotten off with at a club," Sherlock said, and John felt his clipped words like a punch to the solar plexus. He had to take a deep breath to steady himself.
Leaving Sherlock's mouth, John kisses his cheekbones, first one and then the other, his jaw, and finally he reaches the long stretch of pale neck. He sucks gently, drawing blood to the surface, and when Sherlock lets out a long keen, he presses the flat of his tongue against the bruise he’s made.
Sherlock did not appear offended. He continued to study John. “Perhaps deceptively so,” he said. “The ancient Celts thought the bee could act as a spirit messenger between our corporal world and the otherworld. The bee was thought to embody great wisdom and knowledge.”
John nodded and then winced as Sherlock grasped a leaf in long fingers, frowned at it, and then gently touched it to his tongue. His lower lip gleamed with saliva, and John found himself staring for several long moments. He tore his eyes away, and reached for his crossword and found himself saying. “Makes sense - that rumor’s true then.  Good to know.”
“What?” John asked, trying to keep the smile from his face. “Were you saving this seat for someone else?” As far as John could tell, no one dared to sit beside Sherlock Holmes.
John didn’t want to think about James. He didn’t want to think about Chelmsford, which his brain still tried to insist was “home”, even though he knew it wasn’t anymore and would never be again.
“Sorry,” he says, and John’s heart aches as Sherlock curls into himself. “They must have assumed.  Again. I should have caught it.”  He recovers quickly and turns to smile at John, his expression sculpted into light-hearted amusement. Look at what those idiots did, the expression says. Assuming we’re a couple. How ridiculous.
The following day, Sherlock knocked his pen off the table halfway through biology class. He dropped to his hands and knees and crawled under the table in its pursuit.
Sherlock began to mutter under his breath, and the spell closest to him shook, and then blinked out of existence. But beyond that one was another, and another, all of them ugly and bloody and thrumming with malignant energy. And suddenly John was so, so terribly angry. Sherlock was a good wizard, a clever wizard, and who did he have by his side, but John Watson, who had power, but impotent power that just wouldn’t listen.
“Shit!” John said again, and he rubbed the heels of his hands into his eyes. When his vision finally cleared, he saw that he was surrounded by strangers.
Sherlock leaned forward, and in a move that was startlingly free from grace or innuendo, especially considering that this was now their second sexual encounter, he pressed a dry and quick kiss to John’s lips. He pulled away quickly, nodded once, and slipped out the door and away.
John decided that he didn’t care what the etiquette was. He leaned forward to press his lips against Sherlock’s. For a moment, Sherlock didn’t move - he didn’t seem to even breath - and then he released a mighty exhale, and his lips began to move against John’s. John smiled into the kiss.
With Sherlock gone, John had felt little desire to return to the club, and so he had sent a short text to Harry and returned home alone. By the time he had reached their flat, Mum had been asleep. John had collapsed onto his duvet without bothering to change into his pajamas. He had drifted off, dreaming of pale eyes that seemed to look straight through him.
Giving Sherlock’s erection a leisurely pull, John pulled away to run his lips along Sherlock’s jawline, mouthing the skin there. John heard a sharp intake of breath. “Hold on to me, beautiful,” he whispered into the shell of Sherlock’s ear, enjoying the full body shiver he received in response to his words.
John raises his head and meets Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock is watching him now, his expression wary. His eyes flit around John’s body as though he’s trying to read him, but he clearly doesn’t know what to think.
By the time Sherlock is allowed to examine the corpse, his fingers have begun to twitch and John can tell he’s seconds from coming apart at the seams.
“It’s fine,” the boy said, his voice a low purr. “I have a condom.” He moved forward to kiss John again.
Mike’s eyes lit up, and he motioned for John to follow him. They squeezed through the crowded classroom until they reached a girl guarding an empty table.
She had long brown hair, a button nose, and big brown eyes. She wore the girls uniform as expected, but her bookbag was a bright pink monstrosity cluttered with enamel pins and neatly sewn-on patches, mostly depicting animals of the feline persuasion. She hugged Mike and then gave John a kind, but expectant, look.
He couldn’t concentrate. The notes were in Sherlock’s dramatic script, which made him think of Sherlock’s hands. The other boy had large hands, but his fingers were long and thin. Bird-boned, John thought - he’d heard his mum use that phrase. Sherlock had small calluses on his fingers, and John wondered if he played an instrument. He probably played it beautifully. John couldn’t imagine that Sherlock Holmes would play an instrument any other way but beautifully.
His circadian rhythm is off kilter and it’s 3 AM. It’s eerily quiet in the flat. He stays in bed for several minutes and lets himself mourn for a life cut short. He wishes the kidnapper had fought back so that he could have transformed his hopeless sorrow into something concrete. Sore fists would feel more useful than the current ache in his chest.
John angrily turned over in his bed. Midnight had come and gone, and still he couldn’t sleep. He punched his pillow. What was wrong with flirting with Sarah? Nothing - there was
Sherlock relaxes his shoulder under John’s hand so that the pressure John’s exerting helps him turn on his side. John opens his mouth for a sharp retort, but it dies on his lips when a small whimper escapes from Sherlock. He collapses onto his back, droplets of sweat adorning his forehead.  He’s breathing heavily through his nose.
Sherlock, who had been staring at the door to the pub as though sheer will could conjure the criminals, glanced over at John once and then returned to his quiet sentry.
“Nah.” Mike rejoined the conversation. “He wants to be a chemist. He used to do experiments in the chemistry lab after school. He’s not allowed any more - not after he blew it up.”
John felt his face twist between utter bewilderment and fond forbearance. A giggle escaped his lips, and Sherlock hesitantly smiled back.
Sherlock's eyes were cold. "I assure you, John, I am no such thing."  He snagged his notebook and backpack from the ground and stood quickly. His movements lacked their usual grace. "You are free to flirt with whomever you wish."  He threw his bag over his shoulder and frowned thunderously at John, but he did not look him in the eye.  "I'm hopeful that you will manage to keep today’s hysterics out of our work in the chemistry lab."
When they were finally alone, John had to take several deep breaths before the adrenaline waned enough that he felt like he could face Sherlock. His shoulders relaxed first, then his fists, and finally he closed his eyes so that he could take a deep, cleansing breath.
Although he was only sixteen, Mycroft already carried himself with such poise that strangers regularly mistook him for an adult. His aplomb had fled, however, as he touched his brother’s still face and assessed that Sherlock was, thankfully, still breathing, but also completely unconscious.
Over the next hour, he checked a few of his favorite websites, scrolled through the news, and finally opened his email.
John had to remind himself to swallow his food. His mouth was suddenly dry.  He coughed and waved off Mike’s concerned look. Trying to keep his voice casual, John asked, “Uh, Sherlock Holmes? Isn’t he in our biology class?
John fell out of his daydreams so quickly that his ears began to ring. He blinked twice. There was no way … this wasn’t possible …
He didn’t know how long he had screamed and raged in the darkness, but his burning throat was agony, raw and dripping with fire. His ankles ached from kicking, but he kept at it. The force was weaker and the sound no longer booming.
The mobile hit the table. Sherlock spun in his chair to face John. The swelling on his cheekbone was purplish, and there was a blood bruise under his eye, but it wasn’t as bad as John had feared. His lower lip appeared to be healing well.
Sherlock opened one eye, narrowed tightly against the light. An ache began to form in the V between his eyebrows. “John?” he asked, his voice barely more than a rasp.
Wearing a soft smile that touched his eyes more than his mouth, the doctor stepped forward and oh-so-slowly - as one would approach a wild animal - raised his left hand. Just before he touched Sherlock’s cheek he paused, giving the other man a chance to move away or give some other sign that this was not wanted.
He let his head fall, his chin grazing his chest. Tears burned behind his eyelids. John remembered the hours, days,
“You want to fuck me,” Sherlock’s voice is a growl against John’s Adam’s apple. “Yes, I want you to.”
John grinned at Sherlock and was delighted when Sherlock responded with one of his real smiles - the one that crinkled the skin around his eyes and made him look almost goofy.
John makes a noncommittal sound and waits, his usual course of action when Sherlock is being snippy.
John’s hands squeezed his own and his face became impossibly more loving. “Yeah,” he said, stroking the soft skin of Sherlock’s inner wrist with one thumb. “I’ll always be here when you wake up.”
Sherlock moved with a grace that seemed unnatural in a seventeen year old boy. John wondered if Sherlock had ever had an awkward phase - before he had grown to his impressive height, had he been coltish and unsure? Or had he always commanded such control over his graceful arms and overly long legs?
Sherlock sighs. His eyelids flutter and two pale slivers of grey study John fuzzily. Sherlock does not speak, and for a moment, John despairs when he sees no spark of awareness in the gaze.
Sherlock is on his side, quiet but almost vibrating with unchecked fury. It’s clear he wants to rage, but he’s feeling too sickly to vent the anger properly, and this only fuels it. He looks like he’s ready to explode.
Sherlock is standing at the kitchen table delivering a blistering monologue on what he perceives is poor training in the blood-spatter experts of the NSY. He’s gesturing a bit too cavalierly with his knife - he had been cutting up a pig spleen earlier, but John doesn’t know why - and it’s easy for John to grab his narrow hips and bodily move him to the side when he needs to get by. Sherlock’s speech falters, just for a second, and then he’s off and running on his next point of contention.
Every time John was successful in drawing Sherlock out of his own private musings and into a conversation, Sherlock seemed vaguely befuddled by John’s attention. John found this utterly charming.
When Sherlock ends up in the Thames again (because of course he does), John manhandles him out of his suit jacket, buttons the other man into his own jacket, and wraps his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock is shivering, his teeth clattering uncontrollably, but he seems to think it’s imperative he walk Lestrade through his entire chain of logic before they leave for home. So even though John would prefer to bundle him into a warm cab, he presses his chest tightly against Sherlock’s back and rubs his arms briskly. He’s not tall enough to see over Sherlock’s shoulder, so he can’t observe Lestrade’s reaction to their positions, but he can see Sally Donovan, who is staring at him incredulously. John mouths “It’s cold!” and he turns to press his forehead against Sherlock’s back.
“Do I need to tell Mrs. Hudson to evacuate the building?” John asked. It would not be the first time he had had to do so.
Beautiful strangers never danced with John Watson in a club. They never snuck John Watson into a secret supply closet and snogged him. And now he was pretty sure a blow job was now on the table, and why in the world was he ruining this?
That night they only slept, curled around each other like two perfect circles. John’s spirit may have been willing, but his body was drained, and he fell into a dreamless sleep so deep that when he woke late the following day, for several long moments he couldn’t remember how he had ended up in Sherlock’s bed.
The door swings open to reveal Lestrade, face harried and shirt coffee-stained. He sees John and Sherlock, and his face flits from concerned to bemused to annoyingly smug.
Sherlock is standing at the foot of the bed, arms crossed tightly across his chest, and he winces a little under John’s gaze.
Sherlock’s mouth is moving lower, laving along his right clavicle. “Very good, John,” he hisses, and he moves to the left clavicle. “You’re almost there.”
Sherlock woke up sluggishly with an awful taste in his mouth. With every breath, it felt like his lungs were on fire. The worst part was that his brain wasn’t operating as it should - it was like thinking through molasses.
Sherlock was a good ten feet off the ground, perched carefully between two sturdy branches of the oak tree. He carefully drew out his leather journal and then released the bindings that held the pages shut. He found a blank page without ever looking away from the raptor. In crisp and clean letters, he carefully noted the date and time, the weather conditions, and details he observed about the surrounding habitat.
Reaching down, John began to tug at Sherlock’s belt, his fingers clumsy with lust. He felt Sherlock chuckle into his mouth, and then his hands were pushing John’s aside. They both took care of their own belts. John shoved his trousers and then his pants down so that they rested low on his hips, and when he finally pulled away from Sherlock’s mouth, he saw that Sherlock had done the same to his own clothing.
John only vaguely remembered Harry Potter, a first year with too much temper and not enough sense of self-preservation, from that ordeal with the Philosopher’s Stone during John’s seventh year when he was busy not studying for his N.E.W.T.S. and desperately pretending that he didn’t care.
Sherlock was fiddling with his mobile with one hand, his chin resting on the other fist, and his only response was a low hum. John could almost imagine that the moment from the previous afternoon had never happened.
him. John wishes he could yell at each and every one of those people for hurting Sherlock, for ridiculing him, for not seeing what a marvel he is.
Sherlock is crouched beside the corpse, and while his hands are flitting over the clothing, John can tell that his attention is shot. His lips are just a little too tightly pinched and the lines around his eyes too pronounced. John briefly daydreams popping Anderson in his self-satisfied face.
Sherlock doesn’t react to John’s approach nor the cup set at his elbow. He doesn’t look as John pulls up a second chair. It’s a tight fit, but John makes it work. He climbs into the seat and settles next to Sherlock.
Having played enough team sports to experience a range of personalities when it came to team captains, John was quickly impressed with Greg. He ran a tight ship, but he was fair and amiable. He made it clear immediately that he wouldn’t stand for any laziness or hazing, and he treated the new players as well as he did the veterans.
Sherlock was leaning against the brick wall. There was a dark bruise directly below his right eye, and John could see it would become a spectacular black eye within hours. His lower lip wasn’t bleeding, and now John could see that the wound was smaller than he had initially thought, but it was still painful looking.
Now that Sherlock’s personality is sneaking through the haze of hormones, John feels himself on more steady ground. “Oh, you cock,” he mutters, reaching both hands into Sherlock’s hair and pulling their mouths together.
Shrugging, John freed Sherlock’s hands, tossing the rope aside with a final angry look. “Nah. Didn’t get my mobile either.” He stood and held out a hand to Sherlock. “Come on. I already called Lestrade. He and his lot should be here soon.”
Molly continued to study the dessert. “The label says Victoria Sponge. That doesn’t look like Victoria Sponge to me.” She leaned back and sighed. “I need to lower my expectations in this cafeteria.”
“He’s not that bad!” Molly insisted, glaring at Mike. “He’s super smart - like a genius. He’s just a bit of a …” She frowned again, as though searching for the right word.
As a child, before the letter from Hogwarts arrived, John had laid in his bed at night and felt the magic throbbing with his heartbeat. He'd look at his hands and be shocked that he couldn't see the power dripping from his fingers, so great was the sensation of being utterly and completely swathed in magic
Sherlock turned his pale gaze on John. “Yes,” he said, his tone making it clear that this should be obvious.
Sherlock arched his body, his hips rolling laconically against John’s, and John had to bite back a groan.
John followed Mike into a large classroom. Narrow tables that could fit three students apiece were arranged facing an empty podium at the front. Most of the seats were already taken by other students. Teenagers were talking loudly, laughing and hugging each other - everyone seemed excited to be back in school and amongst friends.
When the professor entered the room, there was a great frenzy of motion as the students hurried to find their seats. John folded his hands on the desk in front of him and waited.
Refusing to look up, John shook out his paper. “Sherlock, I just sat down. Unless you’re going to tell me that something’s about to explode, I’m not getting up.”
The following Monday, when John walked into their morning biology class, he saw that Mike and Molly were already waiting at what had become “their table.” He hesitated for a moment before making his way over to the empty seat next to Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock,” John says, his voice gentle and soft. “You need to tell me if you’re okay with this.” He then presses up onto his toes and brushes his lips against Sherlock’s. He makes sure the touch is light, clearly asking permission, but steady - he doesn’t want Sherlock to think that he isn’t sure of his own intent.
“Luckily you know how to pick locks,” John replied, reaching out with one hand, not daring to touch, but beginning to hope.
Besides, after their first night together, Sherlock did what countless healers had been unable: he cured John’s psychosomatic limp.
Glancing over his shoulder, John saw some toilet paper rolls on the nearby shelf, but when he moved to grab them, he found himself held bodily in place. Sherlock’s hands were still clenched tightly in the fabric of his shirt. The other boy’s gaze was blank, and while his body was physically in the room, it seemed to John that his mind was miles away. John had to lean precariously to snag the roll, and then he pulled off a generous amount of tissue paper. He wiped his own hands, thought about it for a second, and gently cleaned Sherlock as best he could before shoving the dirty mess into the back pocket of his jeans.
Molly was poking the lumpy mass on her lunch tray with her fork.  “Do you think this was ever organic matter?” she asked, frowning a little. “It’s listed as meatloaf, but I’m unconvinced.”
And it was John’s face, hovering a few inches above his own, asking for just one minute more before the nurse wheeled Sherlock’s bed to the operating theater.  “I’ll be there when you wake up, love,” he promised. “Okay? You won’t wake up alone.”
The year stretched out in front of him, and on the other end of it was university and medical school.
Kind hands, familiar hands, were on his face, flying across his cheeks, checking the bones of his skull, and then checking cervical vertebrae, clavicles, and resting on his upper arms.
Letting his arms drop to his sides, John sighed heavily, shuffled his feet, and stared at the lino like it had personally slighted him. When he hadn’t been able to find Sherlock on the dance floor, he had run outside of the club, peering up and down the street, hoping to catch sight of a lithe form and mess of dark hair.
John wondered if a conversation could give him whiplash. “I came looking for you! After you swanned out of chemistry class, Bradstreet was in an awful mood. He yelled at Anderson and then gave us a pop quiz. He was
John retreated a few steps, again making sure Sherlock was directly behind him. “I warned you,” he replied.
He’d bring up Lestrade’s failing marriage. Yes. That always worked to sidetrack the man. He’d be cross, but not worried, and not so annoyed that he’d stop tolerating Sherlock’s presence at crime scenes.
And Moriarity only laughed, the joyless sound galling to John’s ears.  His head swiveled like a lizard’s as he turned to Sherlock, who stood frozen as a statue. “Isn’t he sweet?” Moriarity asked him.  And then he muttered a word, soft as a lover’s whisper.
Lestrade would not be suspicious yet. Just to be safe, Sherlock thought, he’d say something cutting and personal to keep the DI from thinking too hard as to why he had all but fled the man’s office.
John’s eyes flickered to the puddle of sick beside Sherlock. “Oh, Sherlock,” he said, his voice infinitely sad. “You were sick. The chloroform.”
Trying to collect his thoughts, John leaned over Sherlock so that he could gently probe the back of his head. Sherlock stiffened at first, and then slowly the tension melted away as John continued his survey.
. Too many hands touched him. These hands checked his temperature, palpated his abdomen, and administered IV antibiotics. By the time Sherlock was prepped for his emergency laparoscopic surgery, he was ready to tear his hair out and curl into a tight ball with his hands over his ears.
John closed his eyes, swallowing against the knot in his throat. He pulled the magic towards him again, and again he felt it spill away, spreading out like tendrils of mist. It was hopeless.
Brilliant Sherlock, who was now aglow with power, charms dripping from his fingers and spells flying from his wand.
Turning, he led John down the hallway, maintaining his grip on John’s belt loop. They passed the first three doors without pausing, but stopped at the fourth, which looked no different than the others. The stranger let go of John and knelt gracefully in front of the door, fiddling with the lock. For a moment John wondered if he had the key - maybe he knew someone at the club, John thought, and maybe they were allowed to be back here, but then-
After three months of experimental organic synthesis, but also three months of conversation, laughter, and gentle touches to the hand (always Victor reaching out to Sherlock), Sherlock found his walls crumbling brick by brick. Each morning, he woke up knowing that he was alive to see another day in which there was someone who was happy to see him. There was someone who wanted to talk to him and who didn’t seem to mind if his conversations tended to ramble into the esoteric. Maybe Victor found Sherlock a bit odd, but he also acted like Sherlock was interesting, worth listening to,
The realization sent a throb straight to John’s groin, and all thoughts of making it to class on time disappeared. He felt himself getting hard, and with their bodies pressed together so tightly, he knew that Sherlock could feel his reaction. He swallowed past a suddenly dry throat.
“We’re choosing lab partners today,” the other girl replied. She was standing territorially over a table with another female student. “Bradstreet says we can’t switch after we choose today.”
Magic was necessary for most healing work, but there were some things that needed to be done manually, and for the first time, John found something that came easily to him. He was
Well, John thought as he took a deep breath, in for a penny…. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. He lingered, letting his eyes drift shut, and he couldn’t help a small, contented sigh before he pulled away.
Charlie cackled and ran his fingers through his ginger fringe. “My hide is quite intact and lovely, thank you very much.”
John squared his shoulders. “You could have joined us for dinner afterwards. It would have been nice.”
Greg stepped heavily onto John's foot before he sat down.  "Hi, Molly!" he said. "And hi, Mike," he added quickly.
Afterwards, Sherlock would only be able to remember bits and pieces. It was as though he was watching a degraded video: there were clear moments before the tape seized, and then the next scene was playing. Victor’s hand was stroking him, his tongue hot and heavy on Sherlock’s chest. His fingers were coated with something slimy and he was reaching behind Sherlock’s bollocks.
It was John who turned off the overhead lights of Sherlock’s room in the A&E. It was John who answered the questions of the nurses when Sherlock could do little else but snarl and curl around his aching belly. It was John who explained the mechanism of action of his antiemetic to Sherlock, taking his mind off thoughts of the imminent surgery and into the more comfortable realm of chemistry.
After biology, John had a free study period and so he went in search of Sherlock. He had a suspicion that he knew where to find the other boy.
Sherlock didn’t have sex when he was on a case. The Work came first. John didn’t mind because he was an integral part of the Work. And Sherlock had other ways of showing his affection - a lingering touch, a quick but genuine smile meant for John’s eyes only, or a quick spell to keep John’s gloves warm during a particularly long stake-out.
Later, after he had been found and nursed back to health, after it became clear that even magic couldn’t completely heal his shoulder, after all the healers agreed that his leg didn’t even need healing (even if it still refused to bear his full weight), John would wonder if he was the only one who looked around the jubilant and celebrating wizarding world and felt only emptiness. He knew he couldn't return to the physicality of his job in Romania.
He wasn’t powerful in strength, but his use of magic was flawless, as though magic was just another part of his body for him to direct with perfect command.
That was all Sherlock said. Somehow, from his plush hips, the name sounded like a question, a challenge, and a dare.  John leaned forward. He could feel Sherlock’s breath hot against his own lips.
On Monday, after a weekend of rain, there was finally a sunny day. In celebration, John, Mike, Molly and Greg ate lunch outside on the grass.
Sherlock’s lips are soft and warm. It’s cold in Scotland, but Sherlock has been applying lip balm regularly.  John knows his own lips are chapped.
He expected Harry to chide him further, but she surprised him by reaching out to touch his arm. “What happened?”
Nausea began to build. It was the next step of vasovagal syncope, Sherlock knew, precipitated by hypoglycemia, lack of sleep, and probably a touch of dehydration as well.
He would have liked to accompany Father to his conference. That might have been interesting. But apparently nine year olds couldn’t be trusted to sit quietly during lectures on new methods of indirect volatilization.
The same pattern continued for the next two days. John felt the pit in his stomach grow every day, and he idly wondered if he was old enough to get a stomach ulcer.
Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and his lips swollen from kissing, but he still managed to affect a haughty drawl. “I imagine they would say that I was being quite clever. They often said that about me.”
They head home, Sherlock dripping river water all over the back of the cab. He declares the case a success. He admits to John that he found being locked in a basement and rescued by the Met unsatisfying. He’s glad, he says, things are finally back to normal.
Sherlock’s arms are still over his head, bracing his body against John’s thrusts, but now he reaches one arm down and takes himself in hand. His arm movements are frantic and his eyes bore into John’s. Short gasps explode from his mouth and John can see that he’s trying to form his name, but the ability to speak has escaped him. His head flies back, hair still caught in John’s fingers, and John imagines it hurts, but Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice. He comes suddenly and violently, semen streaking his abdomen and chest in three pulses. His entire body is barely-contained energy, shaking in bliss, and he clenches tightly around John.
John felt an intense swell of affection grow in his chest. He liked his new friends - he liked them a lot.
Sherlock kissed with just a bit too much tongue, like he was trying to map out every detail of John’s mouth, and John thought it was incredibly hot. He had never been kissed like this before, like Sherlock wanted to consume and catalog every single bit of John Watson.
John smiled to himself, remembering when Sherlock had told him he had cornered the jewelry store manager at his local grocer one evening to question him. Sherlock was just … so …
Sherlock let the back of his head drop against the door, grimacing when this aggravated the bump on the back of his head. He pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his long arms around them.
One week after moving in, John had offered his new flatmate tea and Sherlock had hummed in response. (John was learning the differences between these hums - there was the one that meant “yes,” the one that meant “no,” and even one that meant “I’m not listening to you and if you ask me later I won’t remember that you spoke to me at all.”)
Grabbing one hip tighter so that his fingers cradled the iliac crest, John moved his other hand up and around to splay across his partner’s chest. His aubergine shirt was made of fine material, and John figured it probably cost more than every item in his own closet put together. The shirt clung to the boy’s narrow chest, and beneath the soft cloth, John could feel his lungs expanding and his heart knocking. The heel of John’s hand brushed gently against one nipple, and the boy shuddered and pushed his arse backwards more firmly against John.
John began to realize that he had never been angry at the magic. He had been angry at the rules and those who had told him how he was supposed to be a wizard.
And then the sun would come up, and John would take a deep breath, let his hurt fade, and go about his day.
He felt the power thrumming in his blood, and he felt the spells shuddering outside, so he took another deep breath … and he offered it.
Sherlock turned sharply on his stool, his eyes suddenly boring into John’s. John sucked in a deep breath. Sherlock’s gaze was just as penetrating as John had remembered, and once again he felt like the other boy was staring through his skin and bones and into his mind. He wondered what Sherlock could see.
The concealment charms fell away, and the other spells John had sensed swam into view.  It was like a punch to John’s belly.  He stumbled back, letting go of Moriarty and letting his hands fall to his sides.
A pale hand emerged from the darkness of the room, the index finger curling in a come hither motion. John’s feet moved without him being aware of any input from his brain.
John started to laugh in earnest, but then Sherlock’s hand, slippery and warm, began to move, and John lost the laughter to a groan.  “Right,” he managed to say before he lifted his head for another kiss. “Clever. Very clever.” He felt Sherlock smile into the kiss.
Lestrade nods. “I’ll take care of it.” He disappears from the doorway. One of his team comes in to question them, but Sherlock remains quiet, so John provides short answers. The majority of his attention remains on his flatmate, although he keeps an eye on the door through which he hopes to see paramedics soon arrive.
Sherlock’s fists convulsed where they gripped the bench. John hoped he wouldn’t get splinters. “Why in the world would I be jealous? Because of one unremarkable night at that club?” His tone was low and vicious.
Sherlock was mad - John was sure of it. His name was mad, as was his appearance, and even the way he practiced magic - wildly and as though he didn’t care if his spell landed or went amok - should have terrified John, he thought.
“It’s always been like this,” John said. He crossed his arms over his chest, feeling the desire to curl into himself. “I know the spells, and I get the theory behind them. I can picture the way the magic is supposed to go. But when I try to direct the magic, it does whatever it wants. Sometimes it all goes right, but most of the time the magic just ... goes away.”
Then Sherlock’s eyes dropped from John’s, lovingly following the curve John’s lips, and John’s paralysis shattered. He shoved his left hand into Sherlock’s dark curls and pulled, too turned on to be gentle. Sherlock resisted for just a moment and then their mouths were crushed together.
In the end, it was a draw. Both Greg and John were unable to go on any further because they were laughing too hard at Mike’s over-enthusiastic narration. John rolled to his feet and made a show out of flexing his arm muscles. They ached, and he knew he’d suffer for this display of machismo tomorrow.
It was the Tuesday of the second week of school. John had spent every lunch period so far enjoying Mike and Molly’s easy camaraderie. They had accepted him into their friendship without fanfare. Molly was shy and often more than a little awkward, but she was genuinely kind. Hiding behind her blushing cheeks and stammered sentences was a sharp mind. Mike was no less intelligent, but he possessed a far more easy-going attitude that served as a necessary balm to Molly’s more nervous energy.
John laughed and scratched the back of his neck. “Well, you’re right, of course. On all accounts. I can hardly get upset about that, can I?”
Sherlock blinked.  Why was John worried about that? “It’s fine,” he said, starting to shake his head and then thinking better of it when the ache between his eyes started to become a throbbing ice pick. “I simply meant that the effects of the chloroform were unpleasant, but entirely expected.” He peered more carefully at John. “You appear no worse for the wear.”
They quickly found a rhythm, and mirth gave way to pants and moans. Sherlock kissed with such relish that it was almost painful, but John couldn’t bring himself to pull away even a bit. He kept finding new places on Sherlock’s body to touch - the rolling muscles of Sherlock’s back, the sweat-wet hair at his nape, the clenching flesh of his buttocks. Sherlock pulled his lips away suddenly and began to pant against John’s scarred shoulder. He was close. They both were.
boring. He knew he was. Harry knew he was. Hell, even kind-hearted Clara knew he was boring. Nothing
John swallowed, suddenly overwhelmed. “Yes,” he said, hoping his voice was more steady than it sounded in his own head.
The next morning, Sherlock returned to biology. He slipped into his seat just seconds before Bradstreet started his lecture. John had almost decided to sit with Mike and Molly again, but chose not to at the last minute, feeling like it would make him a coward.
He walks up behind Sherlock, making no effort to disguise his approach. Sherlock does not turn and look at him, but his voice grows lower and he talks even faster, working himself into a fit. John doesn’t think about the other members of the Yard around them, and he intentionally keeps his back to Anderson and ignores Lestrade’s attempts to catch his eye.
But Mycroft’s abandonment could be temporarily forgiven, Sherlock thought, as he peered at his goshawk.
There is a heavy clunking noise from just outside the door, and John’s thoughts are scattered. His head jerks up and his fingers automatically still. But then Sherlock makes an unhappy sound, and without thinking about it, John continues to gently run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Jewelry store robbery. Third one in central London in as many weeks. It’s a spree!” Sherlock said the word spree in the same tone that other teenagers would use for the words ‘new car.’
Sherlock suddenly froze, his entire body tensing, and he stopped breathing entirely. John opened his eyes, wanting to see Sherlock fall apart. It was a wondrous vision: Sherlock’s face twisted between pleasure and pain, his mouth wide in a silent scream, and then his entire body convulsed. John’s hand was suddenly covered in wetness, and Sherlock slumped against John, crushing him against the wall.
Still accidents happened. Sherlock himself may have matured, but the criminal classes were still the criminal classes. Chasing ne'er-do-wells would always lead to lacerations, broken ribs, and contusions that required further imaging.
Like he was at dancing, and kissing, and bloody lock picking, Sherlock was brilliant at blowjobs. His tongue swirled around the glans of John’s penis before he messily licked a long swipe from root to head. Letting just the first two inches of John’s cock into his mouth, Sherlock sucked hard, his cheeks hollowing, and then his mouth sank down the entire length of John’s erection. John made a sound that some far corner of his brain knew was embarrassing, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. His head filled with a buzzing white noise.
What type of criminal still used chloroform, he thought peevishly.  Didn’t they know it wasn’t like in the movies? If wield by a stupid foe - and really, weren’t most of them stupid? - chloroform could do real damage to its victim. The attacked party could suffer permanent damage and perhaps not even wake up.
Sherlock was surprised to find that he didn’t hate Victor’s company. Victor wasn’t a complete bore, and his smile was easy, even if Sherlock rarely returned one of his own. And when Sherlock walked into the lab, or library, or coffee shop, Victor’s eyes would light up as if he was genuinely happy to see Sherlock.
John’s face crumpled and Sherlock wished he knew what the expression meant. Sometimes John’s face did this when Sherlock had said something that made him sad for other people, but sometimes it meant he was sad for Sherlock. This face could make its appearance before fierce anger or before long silences in which Sherlock would rather John yelled. At least when John yelled, he told Sherlock how he felt and Sherlock didn’t have to try to figure it out from his expression.
Harry had arrived in London for uni a year before John. That had been before their dad had left, choosing the whiskey bottle over his family. It was before John and Mum had their “new start,” as Mum called it - and to hear Harry talk about her journey, she had fit into London like she had been born here.  Harry was a braggart, John knew that about her, but it was still nice to get confirmation that he wasn’t the only Watson who felt overwhelmed in the sprawling city.
The techs had removed the body, but the blood splatter expert had not yet entered the room, so Sherlock jimmied open the window and crawled inside to take a look around. He quickly came to his own conclusions about the sprays of blood, found the damage to the paint on the door frame, and determined that the brother-in-law was the guilty party.
Waking up after professionally administered anesthesia was certainly an improvement to waking after the amateur administration of cocaine or chloroform, Sherlock thought. His thoughts were slow and fuzzy, but the blankets around him were warm.  The pain in his abdomen was gone. He felt bloated, like he had eaten too much day-old Chinese food, but it was a tolerable discomfort.
Flipping through his newspaper, John ignored his flatmate.  It was a rainy weekend morning, and John was planning to have a lazy day. He had a hot cuppa at his elbow and the entire Daily Prophet to enjoy.
John’s new ambition became finding ways to draw the taciturn boy into conversation. Sherlock was surly and silent in the morning, but if John was clever, he’d stumble upon a subject matter that perked Sherlock’s interest. In those rare instances, Sherlock would surprise John with his ability to monologue on eclectic subjects or with his salacious observations about their teachers and classmates.
“A robbery?” he asked, his voice more animated than usual. “What was stolen? Was anyone injured? Do they have any suspects?”
“No,” Sherlock said, his voice tight. He pulled John’s hand free, and John almost protested, but then Sherlock messily licked John’s palms, liberally covering it in saliva. “Like this.” He put John’s hand back to his groin and shuddered when John took him in hand. “Just do it.” He rested the back of his head against the wall and closed his eyes.
But John couldn’t bring himself to be upset. As far as he could tell, Sherlock wasn’t intentionally being rude. And, John could admit, his observations were amazingly accurate.
Sherlock frowned - John could not see him but he heard it in his voice. “Your household was at least partially Muggle.” He paused, and then continued. “It would have been your mother - she was the Muggle. It makes sense you would mimic how she performed tasks. But you do
It’s not like those dates went anywhere serious, he thinks. He certainly never felt as close to his dates as he does to Sherlock, even if their relationship clearly has no sexual component.  He swallows. Not that he’d want that - not with Sherlock. Sherlock is his friend, the best friend he’s ever had, and the intimacy they share, John thinks, has eclipsed the memory of all other relationships. Besides, he reasons as he turns over and feels himself begin to drift off, if all he wants is an orgasm, well, that’s why a man has shower in which to wank.
The following Monday, John dumped his backpack on the table next to Sherlock and sat down cautiously.  For a second weekend in a row, he had spent most of his waking hours worrying about Sherlock Holmes.
John knew that he wasn’t remarkable, not like the boy he was approaching, but it wasn’t like he had nothing to offer, he thought. Besides, Harry had been right - what was the worst that could happen?
Settling back in his chair, John scooped up The Daily Prophet and tried to focus on the first page. Through the newspaper, he could feel Sherlock’s regard, and he shifted uncomfortably. Even the moving photograph of the ministry official on the front page seemed distressed - in the black and white square, the image of the man kept turning to look nervously over his shoulder.
Sherlock. Still, lust aside, he could admit that he had begun to think of this strange, shy, and sometimes confrontational boy as his friend.
“Not an unreasonable bit of logic,” Sherlock admitted. “But completely wrong, of course.  My patronus is a bee.”
“I can try,” John said, pulling his wand from his pocket. He muttered a few words, and was pleased when the spell effortlessly knit together to form an invisible field around the pewter cauldron. Today, it appeared, his magic had decided to be agreeable.
“Oh!” When Molly smiled, her cheeks grew deep dimples, and John found that he couldn’t hold back his own answering smile. “That’s great! Maybe we can all study together?” She looked so hopeful that John found himself agreeing without a second thought.
“I’ll just…” He trailed off, not sure what to say next, and shoved his wand back into his pocket. “I’m back to my paper.” He turned away, unable to bear Sherlock’s gaze any longer. “Try to keep the dangerous incantations to a minimum, if you don’t mind. At least for the rest of today.”
Unfortunately, the small-time money launderer also possessed a truly impressive (and sharp) machete. Then the police arrived (“Jesus
And soon a summer trotting behind Sholto became a six month apprenticeship, and six months with the dragons became five years.  John learned how to mend the human body without charms and spells, and the memory of his time at Hogwarts became dimmer and less painful. John had found a place where he fit.
The roaring in John’s ears was almost deafening, and so he could barely hear Molly as she argued, “That’s not fair, Sally. Sherlock’s a bit different, but he’s not a freak.”
The words have barely left Sherlock’s mouth, and John is already moving. There’s no hesitation in the roll of his hips, and Sherlock moves with him, gasping and bending in an impossible way, seeking John’s lips. They breathe against each other, hot gusts of air mixing rather than lips meeting. Sherlock is hot and tight around John, who finds his hips begin to stutter. His thrusts become harder and shorter, and he pushes up, bracing himself over Sherlock with his right arm, the good arm, and reaching into Sherlock’s curls with his left hand.
After John had joined him as a lover, there had been even fewer trips to the A&E. Sherlock still frequently found himself in over his head while on the job - having acquired a boyfriend could not change who he inherently was. But with the knowledge that a night spent chasing murderers and thieves would end in a warm bed and John’s arms, well … throwing his life around in such a cavalier manner just didn’t seem worth it anymore.
And then Mycroft had offered to take Sherlock birding the next day. Sherlock had been unable to keep a grin from stretching his lips wide, even though he knew the expression made him look barmy. For a few heartbeats, he remembered why he loved his brother so fiercely. He remembered that Mycroft was the only one who understood him, who truly
Well, Sherlock clearly wasn’t going to start the conversation, John thought. “Bradstreet said our experiment was perfect,” he said. “I didn’t quite understand acid-base titrations when I read about them in the book, but after listening to you, they make sense.”
The street below is silent. An occasional stranger walks by and John doesn’t know which one is heading home from a club or heading out to a night shift. Sherlock knows.
“It’s good, though.” Mike spoke with a full mouth. He took a swig of milk and went on eating, oblivious to the look of disgust that Molly was shooting his way.
Sure enough, Sherlock was sitting in the shadows of the gymnasium, his favorite place to sneak a cigarette. His long legs were pulled up to his chest, and his fingers were flying across his phone screen. An unlit cigarette dangled from his mouth.
It always surprises John how warm Sherlock is. He has the looks of a Pre-Raphaelite work of art, and the barriers he creates around himself with caustic words and too-knowing eyes might as well be made of stone, but John knows that the man beneath is very real. He bleeds just as easily and his heart, tucked away deep as it is, can be hurt.
“What are you going to do here?” Charlie asked, leaning forward suddenly and catching John’s gaze with such intensity that John couldn’t look away, even if he had wanted to. John was reminded of what had made Charlie such a formidable captain on the Quidditch pitch.
Sherlock's mouth twisted. "I wouldn't call fellatio and a satisfactory hand job sex, John," he said tightly.
When it’s over, John falls into bed with a heavy heart. Sleep seems impossible, but he’s only human and when he wakes, fourteen hours have passed.
John set down his glass of butterbeer with more force than necessary and goggled. “And do what? Get my hide burnt off by dragons?”
John cradled the slip of paper in his hands like it was something precious. A warm balloon began to expand rapidly in his chest, and John found himself smiling.
John has been trying to ignore the both of them, but the words they aren’t saying become so stifling that John imagines he could choke on them. He’s at his desk, painstakingly editing his account of the museum case. He hopes to post it to the blog by tomorrow.
Molly laughed, just a little too loudly, and reached out to touch Greg’s arm.  John saw the motion and then made eye contact with Sarah, who was watching as well. They shared private smiles.
John had seemed about to turn and lead Sherlock away from the dark little room in which he had kicked and screamed his rage and, yes, he could admit it, his fear. But now the shorter man paused. He looked up into Sherlock’s face..
“There were these rumors, and - well, you know how people like to talk.” She bit her lip, and John had the sudden suspicion that she was thinking about something that she didn’t want to say. “Anyway, I don’t know if I’ve seen him exchange more than, like, a sentence with someone other than a teacher in the past five years, and that’s usually to tell them that they’re wrong about, like, the algebra lesson or something.”
The silence continues for a bit longer before Sherlock again tries to open his eyes. He immediately closes them again and his lips grow more pinched.
John rolls out of the bed and almost trips in his haste to reach his carry-on. The lube and condoms are right where Sherlock said they would be and John wonders how he failed to notice them earlier. He decides to dismiss these thoughts - he should be used to Sherlock being several steps ahead of him by now.
The practice wasn’t easy by any means - within the first fifteen minutes, they were running wind sprints across the pitch - but Greg was always in front, leading the way. He encouraged the slower boys without being patronizing, and he inspired everyone to try harder, work faster, and be better. Soon John felt right at home with his new team.
“No, Beauxbatons,” Sherlock finally said, his voice distant with distraction. “Mummy’s family was French.”
“Oh, I took care of them,” John said. “After I knocked out the fella who came for me, I went after the rest of them. They’re immobilized - not dead, mind you, but they’ll stay down.”
Sherlock’s lips were just as soft as John had imagined they would be, and his tongue, which swiped across the seam of John’s lips before delving inside, was just as clever.
John could feel his orgasm building and he forced himself to open his eyes and look down. What he saw almost made him lose it right there. Sherlock’s unusual eyes were locked on John’s face. His full lips, wet with saliva, were stretched around John’s cock. When he saw that John was looking at him, Sherlock hummed and took John deeper. John felt his glans hit the back of Sherlock’s throat, and Sherlock swallowed it down.
Another girl was standing beside Molly, her light brown hair pulled into a high ponytail. John had seen her around school - she was in his physics class, he thought - but he didn’t know her name.
Here the doctor stood, and Sherlock could not help but again reflect on how small and ordinary his friend looked. John had put on a cardigan for their stake-out. It was a black one at least, but still -
As Molly began to question Mike about his summer holiday, John settled into his seat, pulling out his textbook. He tried to look busy, searching for a pen, even though he just wanted a few moments to himself. The cacophony of voices around him made the skin between his shoulder blades itch, and he concentrated on taking long, deep breaths.  He thought of what Harry had said the night before.
The pit in John’s stomach, which had been growing and aching for the past week, finally loosened a smidge. John smiled hesitantly at Sherlock. “Come on,” he said. “The school nurse should have some ice.”
A ripple of pain bloomed through John’s chest. He started down at his beer bottle, clenching his jaw. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Clara elbow Harry, but John didn’t lift his head. He didn’t want to see either of their expressions, full of knowing and pity.
The kiss never had the chance to stay chaste. A warm tongue trailed across the seam of John’s lips, and when he gasped, the other boy began to lick into his mouth. John blindly grabbed at his narrow hips and pulled their bodies flush. The boy hummed appreciatively into John’s mouth and placed his hands on either side of John’s face. It was wet and messy, and John thought it was probably the hottest kiss he’d ever experienced. This kiss blew all others out the water. It made other kisses seem like holding hands. This kiss was
John suspected that Greg’s boast and subsequent display was for Molly’s benefit. It seemed to be working. She was stubbornly looking elsewhere, but her cheeks were rosey.
There were rarer birds, of course - far greater conquests for a young ornithologist. But this was his first goshawk, and that made it special.
Sherlock pants, his eyes wide and wild, his mouth growing slack, and John can see that the constant stream of information has finally been pushed aside, overwhelmed by the interplay of their bodies.
Slowly, as though he doubts its welcome, Sherlock lifts his right hand and lets it drift toward John. He hesitates a second more and then rests his large hand on John’s knee. After another moment, he reaches out with his other hand and grips the teacup. He takes a long sip and then returns to his silent sentry. He does not move his hand from John’s knee.
“Those are all in the Panthera genus,” he said. “You think of my personality as having an affinity with a giant cat?”
John, still basking in sudden warmth and comfort, blinked up at Sherlock. “A bee?” he asked, unable to keep the surprise from his voice. “That’s awfully … small.” He grimaced, wishing he could take back his words.
John, who was used to his name being called last, found his attention drifting towards the windows to his left, where he could see the tops of several trees.
Suddenly Charlie’s green eyes saw too much. John looked down, studying his hands, and he thought about the rejection letter from St. Mungo’s shoved under his mattress in his dorm room. It had been a stupid dream, he thought. What use could St. Mungo’s have for a broken wizard like him?
He thought about his friends in Chelmsford. He thought about James Sholto and his old rugby team. Practice would begin in a couple days. A few of them would probably text John soon, if not today then later this week. John would text them back, and this would continue for the next few months, but by Christmas holiday, John knew that the texts would begin to dwindle. Time would play its trump card, and John would become a smiling face in their old photographs, something relegated to the past.
Lips curling, Sherlock met his gaze evenly. He didn’t say anything, but he made a show of dipping his long fingers into the front pocket of his dress shirt, from which he pulled out a tube of Vaseline.
For a moment, it looked like it would work. The bubbling potion began to still, and the smoke evaporated. John let out a steady breath and dared to peek at the wizard beside him. Sherlock grinned.
Greg smiled and shrugged, all genial energy. “Well, back at it,” he said.  He trotted away from John, already beginning to shout: “Gregson! It’s a short break, not nap time. Anderson! Quit flirting and get back over here!”
There are small contacts, meaningless and quick, the type that are expected to occur between flatmates. Exasperated by Sherlock’s lengthy toilette, John hipchecks him one morning so that he can have some time in front of the mirror. The following Sunday, Sherlock’s dressing gown brushes across John’s bare arm as the detective reaches for the butter, and goose pimples trail behind. Nine days later, Sherlock snags John’s phone from his back pocket so that he can check the weather in Brighton. When John takes exception and tries to grab it back, Sherlock holds the mobile high over his head. Cursing his own height, John jumps and jumps for it, and Sherlock jabs him with a bony elbow in response.
At first, Sherlock offered only monosyllabic utterances in acknowledgement that Victor was addressing him. But, then, after a week of this, he found himself correcting one of Victor’s formulas (“No, see, you’ve put the carbon in the wrong place.”) A week later, he allowed himself to answer a more personal question about how he’d be spending the weekend (“In the library. Studying. Obviously.”)
John frowns. “Yeah, no. You need to stay still. Even if there’s no skull fracture, that was a hard hit and I’m sure you have nasty concussion.”
“Sherlock,” John said, and he knew it sounded like a caress in his mouth. It must have sounded that way to Sherlock too, who suddenly grinned lasciviously.
"It was nothing," he said, softly and just to himself. He pretended that he couldn't feel the burning sensation in the back of his eyes.
When Bradstreet’s lecture began, John had to admit to himself that Sherlock wasn’t coming to class. He told himself it wasn’t a big deal.
And even though his lungs still ached and his mouth tasted of bile, although the ice pick headache was picking up force and severity, even though his voice would stay ruined for the next four days … Sherlock felt no pain. All he could feel was the warmth of John’s palm against his cheek, and he leaned into it, like a flower leaning into the sun.
Shaking his head, Sherlock remained where he was. “You too,” he said, thrusting his chin towards John’s torso. John grinned and divested himself of his pajamas in record time. He reached up and pulled Sherlock to him, and both men groaned as their naked skin finally met.  Sherlock’s mouth attacked John’s throat, sucking a blood bruise to the surface, then laved the smarting skin with his tongue in apology. John ran his nails down Sherlock’s back and thrust upwards.
A familiar sensation tickled John’s awareness, and he bit back an expletive as his power began to slip away. One moment his protective spell was working, and then the magic grew unruly like a wild beast in his hands. He continued to reach for Sherlock’s wrist, but kept his wand stretched toward the cauldron, putting all of his concentration into the spell.
Sally leaned forward and lowered her voice. “Look, you’re new here. So you don’t know. But there’s something wrong with him. He’s a freak.”
Sherlock was still staring at him, so John made a big show of snagging a quill so that he could start his crossword.  After a few moments, Sherlock hummed again. This time, John wasn’t sure what the hum meant.
“God,” John says, his voice harsh, and he surges up to press another kiss against Sherlock’s plush lips. Sherlock opens his mouth eagerly and bites at John when he pulls away.
Sherlock’s lips twitched and he leaned forward, his cheek just barely brushing against John’s. “Isn’t this familiar?” he asked. His voice was soft and deep, and John could feel it rumbling where their chests were tightly pressed together.
As he lies in bed that night, John ponders why he’s so affected by Sherlock’s proximity. Maybe he’s just reacting to the closeness of another human body, not Sherlock himself. He’s not had a date for … six months, he realizes with a start. He spends a few minutes trying to feel sorry for himself, but it just doesn’t stick. He doesn't miss dating, he realizes. He misses
The four of them ate for a few minutes, talking about upcoming assignments and gossiping about their classmates.
Sarah’s eyes were quite lovely, John told himself as he snuck a peek at her. Sure, they didn’t have all the colors that Sherlock’s had. And, he had to admit, he didn’t feel that indescribable pull to see her smile and to know that he had caused it.
Panting, John blinked several times to clear his vision, and by the time he could see, Sherlock had neatly removed the condom and tucked John back into his pants. With shaking hands, John pulled up his jeans and closed his fly. Sherlock stood before him, and as John watched, his pink tongue emerged from the corner of his mouth and drifted across his swollen upper lip.
Presented with a clear view of Sherlock’s trouser-covered backside just inches from his own legs, John felt like all of the blood in his body had been rerouted to his face and his groin.  He didn’t remember anything else Bradstreet said for the rest of the class. He couldn’t look at Sherlock for the rest of the class, and when the lecture ended, he almost tripped over his own feet fleeing the classroom.
Sherlock, once again quiet and standoffish, froze in place from where he was half bent over his bookbag. His head turned towards John slowly, his gaze suspicious as he studied John’s face. Dark curls almost obscured his eyes. He finally said cautiously, “That’s not what people normally say.”
“Tomorrow morning,” Sherlock mutters, his voice soft with approaching sleep. “And when we get back to Baker Street as well. And the day after and after that.”
The chemistry lab was a mess. Students were hurrying around, and there was an edge of manic energy in the room.
In the following week, John would catch glimpses of Sherlock throughout the day - a flash of riotous curls in the hallway, a slender body sneaking off-campus with a cigarette in hand - and John found himself constantly turning his head, hoping for another longer look. Every time he caught sight of Sherlock, John would feel his heart begin to pound.
Mycroft would be spotless when they returned home - Sherlock just knew it. The annoying rotter was reading Cicero at this very moment. He had been flipping slowly through the pages of his book while Sherlock had climbed his tree.
“What are you doing?” Moriarty asked, his voice incredulous. “Even if you can take down half of my spells, there are still enough to destroy this entire city block! You, me, your little pet - every stupid little Muggle in their cozy home - you can’t save them, Sherlock. You can’t even save yourself.”
Panting, Sherlock pushed the nausea and discomfort to the back of his mind and made himself sit up more fully. He had to think.
Gasping, John looked up. His eyes met Sherlock’s from only inches apart. Sherlock’s eyelids were at half-mast and there was a predatory gleam in his gaze. His expression was acutely familiar to John, who realized with a start that for the first time in weeks, he was not looking at school-Sherlock.
A far cry from his typical cool demeanor, Sherlock looked like a wreck. His hair was mussed from John’s hands. While his lip was no longer bleeding, a splotch of blood marred the pale skin at the vermillion border of his plush lower lip. His cheeks were high with color.
“You've never been the most luminous of people, John,” Sherlock said, “but as a conductor of magic, you are unbeatable.”
He had thought she was going to slap him - it wouldn’t have been the first time a stranger did so - but then Mycroft was there, appearing as though summoned by a spell. Mycroft’s hand was warm on Sherlock’s shoulder, his voice holding just the right amount of unctuous flattery to soothe the irate woman. His older brother had then led him away. Sherlock had been expecting censure, but Mycroft had only raised one cynical eyebrow and murmured, “Really, Sherlock? Waxing poetic on her affair, were we?”
In the end, they instead left school property and went to a nearby shop. John grabbed two soft drinks from the refrigerator in the back and then led Sherlock to a small park across the street.
“So when Lestrade inevitably asks us to complete his ridiculous paperwork,” Sherlock said, “and we summarize the events of this regrettable evening, our respective roles can be noted as such: I was able to deduce the hideout of these ridiculous marauders, but I was taken down by a trope worthy of the most mind-numbing Hollywood motion picture. You, on the other hand,
Sherlock raised a single eyebrow to John, and John huffed once, a weak expression of glee. And despite his fatigue, John knew he had just enough in him to open himself once more. He let the magic flow again, and this time he was able to watch the power, churning and skittering, reach Sherlock, who raised his wand with an imperious hand.
“No, Sherlock,” John argued. “This is who you want people to think you are - all rude and superior. But you’re more than that.”
They were standing in the shadows of a building across from the Leaky Cauldron. A gang of humans and goblins had been counterfeiting galleons, and Lestrade wanted them caught yesterday. Sherlock was certain they planned to meet tonight.
“Bollocks!” Greg said, disrupting the moment. The others turned to look at him. His hands were on his hips and he was shaking his head with mock disappointment. “Do all of you have to be so smart? Are you sure you want to hang out with the likes of me?”
By the time this case is over, Lestrade has something new for them and Sherlock declares himself fully recovered. He celebrates his good health by chasing a criminal halfway across the Millennium Bridge and then over the railing and into the Thames, scaring what John suspects is a good fifteen years off his own life.
When the final whistle blew, John hooted and hollered and ran towards his teammates. Between him and Dimmock, they managed to pick up Greg and carry him halfway across the pitch. Greg struggled and laughed and shouted to the sky.
“Come on, Sherlock,” he begs. “They’re doing the best they can. They can’t control when multiple traumas come in.”
Two days later, John couldn’t find his mobile in his backpack. Grumbling to himself, he began to check the smaller pockets with increasing panic.
“No.” Sherlock’s nose was in the air. “I went to New Scotland Yard and tried to speak with the detective inspector. They wouldn’t let me in.”
“Look, Watson,” Charlie went on, his voice uncharacteristically soft. “Those of us who work with dragons, we’re in near-constant need for healing. And there’s this chap - his name is Sholto. He’s a real solid sort, and he could be working at any hospital, but he’s with us. And he’s always going on about how much healing can be done without spells. He’d like you. And I think you’d like him too.”
Breathing in through his nose and out from his mouth (Ella would be so proud, he thinks a little hysterically), John ignores his aching back. John is kneeling, his spine curled into a perfect C, and Sherlock’s head rests on his thighs. John studies his friend’s face from upside down, searching for any sign that he’ll awake. Sherlock is still and wan beneath him, the only splashes of color on his face a darkening bruise on his right temple and the tacky blood drying in his dark hair.
John thinks he would be offended by Sherlock’s poisonous tone if it weren’t for the hint of apprehension he can see in those pale eyes. Over the months, John has come to recognize that Sherlock is at his most awful when he’s feeling insecure about something, and for all of Sherlock’s posturing, John can see the doubt beneath.
“I think we have a good chance.” John pretended to be arranging his notebook and pens, but he was actually studying Sherlock for any fractures in his calm facade. “Greg’s a good captain and we have a pretty solid team.”
He always turned in his scrolls on time. His wand technique was exemplary, and his Latin pronunciation superb. His knowledge of wizard history was vast, and his potions were careful, ingredients measured exactly. He had a green thumb when it came to magical plants, and even the prickliest magical creature calmed under John’s confident hand.
“Too bad, mate.” Lestrade’s smile was friendly enough, but Sherlock didn’t trust the glint in the other man’s eyes. “Consulting detectives do paperwork.”
She had thin hair that was more grey than brown, tortoise-shell eyeglasses that made her eyes look too large for her head, and one adult son, the product of an ill-conceived affair with a traveling professor. She loved this son she hadn’t meant to have, this child who was not part of her carefully planned life. But she didn’t know
John stared, and Sherlock stared back. As John watched, two spots of pink appeared high across Sherlock’s impossible cheekbones, and his plush lips drifted apart. He gaped at John, and John stared at his lips, remembering where they had been the night before.
John was immediately overwhelmed. The smell of cleaning supplies was sharp in his nose, and he could almost hear the bass from the club. Sherlock tasted like tea and cigarette smoke and something darker, something that John remembered and suddenly knew he wouldn’t be able to live without. Sherlock’s tongue was hot as it slid into John’s mouth, and John groaned. He released Sherlock’s hair so he could wrap his arms around the other boy. His hands roved across Sherlock’s back, fingertips idly counting down the knobs of his vertebra before he moved on to petting Sherlock’s flanks.
Sherlock was shocked when after a long day in the lab, Victor walked him back to his dormitory room, silently followed him inside, and then sealed the space between them with a kiss.
In the back corner of the room, sitting alone at a table, was Sherlock. He looked like the boy from the previous night, but he also looked entirely different.
In chemistry lab the following afternoon, John waited until they had gathered their materials before he asked.  “Have you solved the jewelry heist yet?”
. Mummy had called it a holiday, but how could it be a holiday if he wasn’t allowed to do a single thing that interested him? Spending even one tedious afternoon trailing behind Mummy as she meandered through countless stores had been almost more than he could bear.
Suddenly John was exhausted, and not just with their conversation. He was exhausted with the whole song and dance between them; exhausted with Sherlock’s hot and cold ways; exhausted with not knowing where he stood with Sherlock.  “It’s not pity. God, Sherlock, do you have to make this so....”  He didn’t know how to finish the sentence.  “Look, something happened after the game on Friday, and I don’t really understand it and I thought, I don’t know, we could talk about it?”
The victim was a child, and Sherlock always takes these a bit harder. In the six days it takes them to solve the case - to identify the kidnapper, to find the body, to tell the mother that she’ll have justice but never hold her son again - Sherlock sleeps not even a total of five hours.
Later that day, John took his lunch outside, hoping for some time alone with his thoughts. A few feet from the door, he stopped in his tracks. Perched on a bench under one of the trees in the courtyard was a familiar figure.
He snuck a look at Mike and Molly from the corner of his eyes. They seemed nice, he thought. He could see himself studying with them in the upcoming weeks. Rugby practice started next week, and he looked forward to getting on the pitch. He wanted to feel the wind at his back, hear the shouts of the crowd, and feel the burn in his legs as he ran.
With the murderer half conscious and moaning on the ground, Sherlock grinned and congratulated himself on a job well done. Broadstreet’s face was practically purple in rage, and Constable Lestrade dragged Sherlock away from the scene by his ear.
Greg bragged that as the rugby captain, he could do more push-ups than anyone else on the team. John called him out, and soon both were stripped to their vests, trying to one-up the other while Mike loudly and theatrically counted in his best imitation of a sportscaster.
“He’s right,” Molly hurried to add. “I’ve seen him insult people or out their terrible secrets or say something totally awful, but I’ve never seen him spend time arguing with someone."  Molly bit her lip and then continued. "You know, like he cared."
“No,” John said quickly, waving his hand and trying to tamp down his giggles. “I’m not laughing at you. I promise. I think it’s amazing you tried to bully your way into Scotland Yard. Don’t your parents keep a tighter eye on you?” He gently elbowed Sherlock’s side to show that he was teasing.
Mycroft then carried his little brother back to the road, feeling as though he was carrying some rare and broken bird. Sherlock was small in his arms and trembling ever-so-slightly. The boy was quiet and spoke only when asked direct questions. He would remain quiet for the rest of the afternoon and during his night in the hospital. He’d still be quiet the following day as he was readied for surgery for his broken wrist. It had been a terrible fright, Mummy would say, and of course Sherlock, who was a sensitive boy, would be quiet and not himself.
Two days later, John is reading on the sofa. His shift at the surgery was draining, and he’s resting his left arm on the armrest, his chin tucked against his fist. Sherlock is perched on the back of his chair, angrily marking up an article about a curare poisoning at a hospital in Lisbon. He stands suddenly, lets out a huff, and hurls the journal in the direction of the fireplace. In three strides, he’s across the room, and he swans onto the end of the couch opposite John. He pulls up his feet, and John watches his long toes inch closer and closer to his own legs. Another frenzy of movement, and Sherlock is suddenly twisting around, squeezing his lanky body into the fetal position. His feet now press against the armrest, his spine is against the back of the couch, and his curly head is in the middle, two feet from John’s lab. Sherlock lies still, breathing noisily and staring intently at the fireplace.
“Harry,” John protested, and he felt his ears begin to burn. He took another swallow of his beer to hide his blush. He peeked at Harry out of the corner of his eyes. Her eyes held a familiar glassy shine - she had been downing cocktails since they first arrived at the club - but they were sharp with sororal outrage.
because Sherlock is a snob. Other people can dismiss the caress of harsh fabrics, but to Sherlock, it’s like dressing in sandpaper. UV lights aren’t simply a mild irritant, but a glaring, buzzing cacophony of discomfort.
Sherlock kisses like John is his only source of oxygen. It’s sloppy and without art, but perfect. His hands flutter around John, grasping his biceps, running up his flanks, and then gripping his arse tightly. John doesn’t remember ever being touched like this, like he’s someone’s entire world.
That part was a little embarrassing, Sherlock admitted to himself, but he supposed Lestrade was allowed to be tetchy. After all, it was from the constable’s care that Sherlock had so easily escaped. In a gesture of great cordiality, Sherlock presented Lestrade with his own handcuffs and offered to return with him to the station for booking. As Sherlock had solved the case and wanted to continue working with the police, this seemed like the polite thing to do.
But Anderson’s in a particularly catty mood and has been egging Sherlock on, snipping behind his back, sighing heavily when Lestrade defers to him, and intentionally stalling over the body just to make Sherlock wait.
The dancer wore a purple button-down that hugged his every curve, and the top few buttons were undone to show unusually pale skin. A mop of artfully rumpled dark curls obscured the dancer’s face. Thin, elegant arms were raised in the air, swaying and curling with effortless grace. A long torso twisted and turned as trim hips undulated in waves. The boy raised his head, his chin pointed to the ceiling, and his face was bathed in the light of the strobe light.
“I’m sorry!” John managed to say. “Just you used wandless magic for lube! What would your professors from Beauxbatons say?”
“You’re friends with Sherlock Holmes?” Greg asked, and it sounded like he was asking if John practiced fire-walking or snake-charming over the weekends.
Mid flex, he turned and caught sight of Sherlock. The other boy stood in the doorway of the science building, one foot outside, and he was staring at John with unbridled longing, his entire face and neck flushed. Their eyes met, and John saw Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bob. Then the other boy turned and hurried away, clutching a book tightly to his chest.
Licking his lips, John reached out slowly. Sherlock’s hand, the one not holding the bottle to his cheek, lay limp in his lap. As John approached, this hand twitched, but Sherlock didn’t move away.  Oh-so-slowly, John rested three fingers on the back of Sherlock’s hand.
The kettle behind him began to whistle and John, who had forgotten for a moment its very existence, jumped.
John stood up so suddenly that both Greg and Molly jumped. John couldn't bring himself to look at either of them.
Smiling so hard that his eyes almost disappeared under the assault of his cheeks, Mike led John away.
He shrugged off his suit coat - he really needed to get it cleaned, he thought idly - and undid his cuffs. Carefully he rolled up his left shirt sleeve. He knew he still had a few good veins in this arm.
Waking up was a rambling project. He first became aware of a terrible pain in his left wrist, so fierce and sharp that he could not feel anything else for several long moments. Sherlock was still surrounded by blackness, and it took him an embarrassingly long time to realize that this was because his eyes were closed.
He’d get up in thirty seconds. He just needed a few more moments alone, reminding himself that no one cared. They tolerated him, and this was enough. Alone protected him.
It went without saying that Sherlock Holmes was a frequent visitor to the hospitals of London. Before John, if a wound could not be addressed with steri-strips, he would make the trip for sutures. After John had joined him as a colleague, the trips had lessened - simple injuries could now be addressed at home when one lived with a doctor.
This was simply too much. Sherlock remained seated, staring up at John with what he suspected was a silly face of disbelief.
Harry reached out again, and he readied himself for another rough shove, but then she bit her lip, and her hand drifted down to their table, sticky with spilled alcohol. Her head cocked, she studied John more closely, and something serious passed across her face, there and gone in the next moment.
For some time, John could do nothing but drift in waves of pleasure. Then the desire to see how Sherlock was faring became too much, and John opened his eyes to sneak a glance at Sherlock’s face. He felt his hand falter in its rhythm.
As John approached the spot, he heard angry voices. He felt a tickle of unease and hurried around the corner of the building.
Harry let go of him and returned to the sink, picking up the saucepan again. “I’m taking a human psych course this term.”
John, whose entire awareness has focused on the warm hardness pressed against him, has to swallow before he can speak.  “Are you calling me a slag?”
Molly’s eyebrows inched toward her hairline. “Sherlock usually works alone,” she said, looking to Mike for support.  Mike nodded in agreement.
John was left blinking and wondering what the kiss had meant and if Sherlock wanted this to happen again and was it even possible for him to hide the semen stains on his pants for the rest of the day. He buttoned his school jacket and tugged at it, hoping the length would provide some cover - and then he paused as he felt something crinkle in the front pocket.
that Victor was handsome, but objectively he saw that Victor’s chin was strong, his lips were plush, and his auburn hair was full and wavy. Victor was as tall as Sherlock, but he weighed probably a stone more, and he carried his lean muscle with a grace that Sherlock, who remained coltish, had not yet mastered.
Sherlock was scribbling in a notebook and absent-mindedly picking at a bag of crisps. His head was down and he seemed oblivious to the world.
“I’m so sorry,” John said. “I wish I had been here when you woke up. You shouldn’t have had to wake up alone and in the dark.”
“What about the other forgers?” Sherlock asked, suddenly aware of how complete John’s attention was. John didn’t seem to be worried that his back was to the hallway. It was unusual for the ex-soldier to let his guard down as he was right now.
It starts with a giggle, but soon dissolves into laughter with a tinge of hysteria, and then Sherlock is laughing too. For several long moments, the room is filled with raucous guffaws. John relaxes and lies side by side with Sherlock as the mirth slowly fades. John wipes the tears from his eyes and grins at Sherlock, delighted to see equal joy on Sherlock’s face.
John reached his clean hand around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him closer. “Spread your legs a bit,” he whispered, and Sherlock complied. By doing so, Sherlock and John were finally of the same height.
And then he heard a sound. It was soft at first, barely a scratch and almost impossible to hear over the pounding of his heart. It came again, and he recognized it for what it was - someone was slowly, painfully slowly, unlocking the door.
“Yeah, that’s not happening,” John says.  “I don’t know how you plan to get there seeing as you can’t even walk without becoming sick.” He’s prepared to argue further, but he finds that as long as he continues to gently massage Sherlock’s head, the other man remains quiet. He’s not sure where this obedience is coming from, but he doesn’t want to do anything that jeopardizes it.
Sherlock shuffled back, plucking at his clothing and frowning down at the mess. After he was sure his feet could hold him, John moved away from the wall and found his backpack. He dug into its front pocket and drew out a small pack of tissues. He handed two to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s mouth opened, just a little, and John took that as an invitation to lean in and give him a leisurely kiss. Sherlock still tasted like mint and whiskey, and now a little like latex as well, and with this realization, John’s sated penis gave a half-hearted twitch.
John, for his part, could only shake his head.  It seemed impossible, John thought. But then again, was the universe ever so lazy?
Greg sat down where Sherlock had been, and Molly sat between the two of them. Their movements were careful as though John was a frightened animal that might spook. The following silence was painfully awkward.
Sherlock turns his head away, his brows drawn down. When he turns back to John, his expression is hesitant. “John, you put me on a pedestal. You always have.” He frowns and sits up, resting his folded hands on his lap, and John doesn’t miss that Sherlock is using both words and his body to shield himself. “You see things in me that don’t exist. I’m flattered, of course, but it means you sell yourself short.” He grimaces. “I’m difficult and brash and not a kind person. I am the fortunate one that you see past these flaws and still … desire me.”
John looked down at his bottle of water and played with the paper label. He tried to reconcile the lonely boy Molly was describing with the stranger who danced like sex in his arms.
at the non-magical parts of healing. Besides, there was always another wizard around who could provide a spell if John’s didn’t work.
John, for his part, winced and scratched the back of his neck with one hand. “I mean, there’s a reason we have this, uh, thing. This partnership. You’re the brains, and I’m pretty good with my fists.”
Moriarity continued to laugh, and Sherlock kept muttering - magic flew from his wand, and one explosive spell fell, and then another.
They were friends - John was almost sure of that. With every passing day, the night in the club had felt more like a dream. There were moments, mere seconds, when Sherlock’s eyes would meet his, and John would think that he could see a reflection of their lips pressed together, breathing heavily into each other’s mouths as the music of the club pounded in John’s ears… but in the next heartbeat, that image would be gone.
Stepping up to Sherlock’s bedside, John hesitantly reaches out. Sherlock seems to sense this movement, and before John reaches him, he freezes, his shoulder drawing up towards his ears and his mouth twisting into an ugly moue.
But his little brother, the odd child who had managed to alienate family members and strangers (including unfortunate librarians) alike, was gravely injured. This was his fierce little brother who tried so hard to hide from Mycroft that he thought the sun rose and set from Mycroft’s own hands. And Mycroft was, no matter his carefully assembled presentation of gravitas, still little more than a boy himself. And he was scared.
John realized that he was hearing the club’s music as though through deep water, his entire focus having coalesced onto this singular dancer. He couldn’t stop staring.
Feeling ridiculously pleased with himself for having caused such a reaction, John asked, "So a crime spree? That's a good thing?"
Flushing, John felt his fingers curl into fists and he had to look down at his feet for several long moments to collect himself. "Sure. I don't know." He snuck a look at Sherlock, whose countenance was as smooth as marble. "I thought it was good. I ... I felt something. Are you seriously telling me that you didn't feel anything?"
Some thirty yards away, in the shadows cast by the gymnasium, there was a slim figure. He was leaning against the brick wall of the building, dark and solitary. Above his mess of dark curls floated the wispy trail of smoke from a cigarette.
The door behind John slammed shut and heavy hands came down on his shoulders, spinning him. John barely had the time to open his mouth before his back was pressed against a bare wall and warm lips slid across his own.
When Sherlock woke the next morning, he found himself curled on his side. He had no memory of the moments after the injection. This was odd. Normally he’d feel sweaty and ready to scratch off his own skin the morning after using, but he’d also possess some lovely memories. He’d remember the moments after the injection when colors bled into his drab little flat. He’d remember the kaleidoscope of sound and smell and taste from London blooming through his brain. He would remember his genius, the moments of the case, and he’d laugh and laugh at his own cleverness.
“I don’t think he can help it,” Molly said, looking down at her hands. “He’s brilliant and just  … well, he’s Sherlock.” Her cheeks pinkened before she visibly shook herself free from her thoughts. “Anyway, he used to argue with the teachers, and he’d get in fights with the other kids. But then a few years ago, he suddenly didn’t come to school for, like, two months. When he came back, he was quieter.”
Without thinking, John reached out and rested his hands on the narrow waist, stabilizing himself. He froze, shocked at his own audacity, and the body beneath his hands grew still as well.
Much to John’s disgust, Sherlock found the mad wizard fascinating, and each day John battled a growing sense of dread as Moriarty raised the stakes and Sherlock hurried to comply.
His favorite class was biology because he could sit next to Sherlock. The taller boy spent the period nose-deep in a book or staring intently at his mobile, and John would use his inattention to study the delicate bones of Sherlock’s wrists, his plump lower lip, or the dark hair falling artfully across his brow. Never before had John been so eager to go to school. By the fourth week of classes, his mum even commented on the spring in his step as he left the flat each morning.
He looks down at his feet and really thinks about it. He thinks about the past several months. His last date was .. eight, no nine months ago. He thinks about touching Sherlock, his soft hair, the smooth skin of his neck, the callouses and tiny healed scars on his hands. He thinks about the way Sherlock looks at him when he doesn’t know that John is watching. He thinks about the flashes of
John was stuck between feeling jubilant that he had so completely engrossed Sherlock and mortified over what had happened.
, John realized. The dark wizard’s laughter filled the room, echoing against the water. Sherlock, for his part, was slowly turning in a circle, his eyes racing over the spells, the emotionless mask completely gone from his face so that John could see only despair.
Sherlock felt his lips begin to tingle, and his peripheral vision turned to grey. His mind whirled , trying to remember when he had last eaten. When had the case started? Three - no, it was four days ago now. The call from Lestrade had come in the morning, so it was closer to five days. Yes, Lestrade had shoved some tea into his hands yesterday, but the two teaspoons of sugar could barely count for more than 30 calories ….
“Mr. Holmes!” Bradstreet’s voice rang out, and John winced. “Do you have something to add? Class has just begun - surely you don’t have a correction to the subject matter already?”
with it. Magic swept around Sherlock like his ridiculously dramatic coat, sweeping around his body as he turned and paced across their flat, glittering around his fingers when he gesticulated at a crime scene, and spilled from his lips with a few short words.
John separates the panels of the shirt with reverence, thinking it’s like Christmas morning as the wide expanse of Sherlock’s pale chest is revealed. He has very little chest hair and his nipples are dusky pink in color. He seems to be made of miles of smooth skin, marred by the occasional scar from his unconventional lifestyle, and John can’t stop staring. A trail of fine dark hair crosses his belly and narrows before disappearing under his wool pants. The lines of his pants are sullied by the bulk of his erection, and John’s mouth is suddenly dry.
When the song changed again, the other boy abruptly stepped back. John was left bereft. He didn’t want their moment to be over.
“Nice?” The notebook slid off Sherlock’s lap as he leaned forward, his hands gripping the wood at the bench beside his thighs. His knuckles were white. “Me and your
“John,” he muttered. His throat was killing him.  He kicked again at the door, his heels barely scraping against the metal.
John leaned in closer, his chest brushing against Sherlock’s, and he dragged his tongue over a prominent cord of muscle in Sherlock’s right neck. “Lovely,” he said, his voice little more than a hiss of breath, and he bit down, just hard enough to hurt.
“Obviously.” Sherlock is a soft bundle of smooth skin, sex, and warmth on his chest, but his voice still manages to retain a hint of its typical hauteur. He then ruins this imperious degree by reaching over to grab John’s left hand and deposit it on his own head.  John smiles and begins to run his fingers through the curls.
John frowned, and then through the haze of his own arousal, he smelled a whiff of cleaning product. His memory hit a snag and his eyes widened as he took in their surroundings - they were in the janitor’s supply closet.
After several long minutes, Sherlock pulled away. John could breathe more easily without his weight, but the sudden cold where there had been a warm body made John feel oddly adrift.
Chests heaving, they remained tightly pressed together. John’s brain felt fuzzy and disconnected, and it was as though his mind was wandering somewhere outside his body. He was aware of Sherlock’s heartbeat - fast and steady - against his own, but his mind was slow as though filled with treacle.
With his attention on his watch, John did not see the door directly to his left open, nor did he see the hands that emerged until they had snagged the sleeve of his jacket and gave a mighty tug.  John tripped over his feet, fell sideways through the now open door, and collided with a warm body.
“I was co-captain,” John said. His mind unhelpfully conjured an image of himself with James, behind the supply shed after one of their preseason scrimmages. To disperse the unwanted twinge of pain that accompanied the memory, John dumped water from his bottle over his head.
Sherlock gave no hint that he thought about their night together. Maybe it was best for John to forget Sherlock-at-the-club. Sherlock-at-school was colder and more aloof, but he was also interesting and inadvertently funny and sometimes John could see hints of something more fragile beneath. It didn’t seem right to be fantasizing about his friend. It felt like he wasn’t respecting Sherlock’s privacy by reminiscing over his smooth skin and plush lips.
you knew. I don’t care about your stupid magic trick. I asked you what punishment you’d like for telling my girlfriend about Sally.”
“Keep the bottle over the swelling,” he said, and he turned to grab his gym back. He snagged his school shirt, scrunched up a small section of its sleeve, and carefully dabbed Sherlock’s split lip.
Sighing the sigh of the truly betrayed, Sherlock made to stand, turning as he did to look for an empty desk to use. Before he could locate the desk, however, a familiar coldness began in his fingertips.
“Excuse me,” John said, frowning at his suddenly empty hands and then at Sherlock, who - of course - did not respond. But then as John began to take notes in their lab notebook, Sherlock was suddenly crowding him, peering critically over John’s shoulder for all of fifteen seconds before manhandling the book away.
“I’ll work with Sherlock,” John told Molly, the words surprising even him as they fell from his lips.
In response to his classmates’ insincerity, Sherlock used his caustic words and razor-sharp glare like a protective jacket. One by one, the hangers-on dropped away. By week three of the semester, he was finally left alone .. almost.  One young man kept trying.
“You’ll like it,” Charlie said, his voice low and sly, as though he knew he had John. “It’s right up your alley. Dragons and adventure - could be dangerous.”
Sherlock knew his body was responding. This was a chemical reaction, he thought madly, neuroreceptors responding to external stimuli.
John carefully put down the dish towel. “That’s not all of it.” He took a few deep breaths. “We actually kinda snuck into a supply closet and … you know.” He couldn’t bring himself to say it - not to his
Sherlock did not look at him the entire period, and when class ended, he was up and out the door before John could even finish sliding his notebook into his backpack.
Sherlock did not look down. In his mind’s eye, he saw his brother leaning against the base of the tree, looking for all the world like he was at a tasteful saloon rather than this park. Mycroft’s brown Oxfords were clean from mud and grass even though he had taken the same course as Sherlock to reach this copse of trees. Sherlock, for his part, had managed to get mud in his dark curls, and he knew that when she saw him tonight, Mummy would click her tongue and all but throw him into the bath.
Mike grinned around his mouthful of food and waggled his eyebrows at John, who dissolved into giggles.
Even Constable Lestrade - dull, annoying, but not the worst of the lot - agreed. When Sherlock turned up at the murder scene anyway, Lestrade pulled him aside and kindly, but firmly, warned him off.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but didn’t deign to answer.  Instead he wrote his estimation for the bird’s wingspan.
John felt his face flush. “You know,” he said, trailing off and looking at Sherlock meaningfully. The other man’s expression barely changed, but his eyes narrowed impossibly more.  “That, uh, everyone who goes to Beauxbatons is quite, you know, fit.”
The doctor’s face became more gentle. “Here, let me get you out of those ropes.” He reached for Sherlock’s wrists, frowning when he saw the injury to Sherlock’s wrists. “Bastards,” he muttered under his breath, and he produced a knife from the pocket of his jeans. He began to saw at the Nylon.
“I … will return momentarily.”  Sherlock pushed away from the DI’s desk. The grey continued to permeate his vision, invading from the periphery.
John found a small knot from when Anderson had shoved Sherlock’s head against the wall, but it wasn’t bleeding and Sherlock didn’t seem terribly bothered by John’s palpation. John decided it was a mild injury and didn’t need anything further.  He let his fingers linger in Sherlock’s dark curls for a few seconds longer, enjoying their soft texture against his skin. When he pulled his hands away and stepped back, Sherlock’s eyes had drifted shut, and the lines of tension around his eyes were gone.
Sherlock waved an imperious hand at Bradstreet, not even bothering to look at the man. His entire attention remained on John. “John!” he said again, his voice now petulant.
“Sherlock, run!” John pulled Moriarity close, gritting his teeth. “If the hex triggers, we both go up.”  He spared a glance at Sherlock and was gutted to see the fear - fear for
Sherlock sidestepped, neatly avoiding John’s touch. His gaze flew across the walls of the supply closet, finally settling on a space just over John’s right shoulder.
John surged forward, wrapping his arms around Moriarty’s neck, pulling him close. He knew that the hex might go off then, but at least it would take Moriarity with him, he thought, and give Sherlock a chance to escape.
This is love - he’s sure of it. He doesn’t think he’s ready to say it yet, and he’s not sure if Sherlock is ready to hear it. But he knows they have time, and there’s something special about
“I’ve had a breakthrough,” Sherlock said, and despite his injuries, he managed to look down his nose at John. “I think the Armenian mafia is involved in the jewelry store heists.”
Sherlock Holmes should never make that sound, John thinks.  He finds himself running his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls, and with both index fingers, he begins to rub circles over the parietal regions. “Come on, Sherlock,” he says, and a plaintive note enters his voice. “Will you stop fighting me?”
The living room is dark as he turns on the kettle, and he thinks he’s alone. Then the scent of cigarette smoke wafts under his nose, and he tenses before moving to the edge of the kitchen. His eyes have to adjust before he can see the dark shape huddled against the window.
He was alone now. He had not been alone when the chloroform was introduced, he was sure of it. He brain whirled as he tried to remember. He and John had been at the docks, yes  that was it. They were following Sherlock’s lead while they investigated the counterfeiting ring. Sherlock had not yet updated Lestrade - it wasn’t as though he actually cared about Lestrade’s stupid conditions. They had been on their own, and they were about to enter the warehouse. There had been a subtle movement in the shadows beyond John, and Sherlock remembered turning. There had been a rag with a foul smell…
When Mum and he had moved, John hadn’t left a best friend behind. He’d never had one. James had come the closest. But that relationship, whatever it was, painful and wonderful at the same time, had been cut short by John’s move to London. They had never gotten a chance to know what they could have become.
But John suspected he had good reason to be. As the period went by, John began to suspect that his own presence for the experiment was largely redundant. He acted as little more than a glorified assistant, grabbing ingredients when Sherlock gestured to them, and offering his aid when Sherlock needed a second set of hands.
that you and James Sholto weren’t just-” she made quotation marks with her fingers- “‘co-captains’ last year.”
Throughout the entire period, John couldn’t drag his eyes away from the delicate gestures of Sherlock’s wrists, the play of his long fingers, and the graceful movements of his body. Low level arousal burned deep in John’s stomach.
Sherlock has dragged a kitchen chair to one of the windows facing Baker Street, and he’s curled into it, forearms on the sill, head resting on his wrists. John can see the knobs of his vertebra through his thin t-shirt. A wisp of smoke curls from his head and drifts away into the night.
Reaching one arm around Sherlock’s narrow waist, John decides to employ his secret weapon, and he thrusts his left hand deep into Sherlock's curls. It works like magic, and the furor drains from Sherlock. He melts against John, widening his stance so that their heights are more even. John grips Sherlock’s hair tighter than he has dared in the past, and Sherlock moans. Grinning against Sherlock’s lips, John uses his grip to angle the other man’s face so that he can lick deeper into his mouth. Sherlock’s hands have settled on John’s shoulders, and John can feel their fine tremor.
His eyes narrowed dangerously, and Sherlock’s voice became silken and low. “What conclusion was that?”
It was still just as likely to find a poison in their kitchen as jam. Sherlock mistakenly turned himself incorporeal for an entire weekend, couldn’t work out the reversal spell, and eventually John was forced to owl Mycroft for help. One morning John wandered into the living room to find that the sofa
Sherlock slowly pulled his knees to his chest, coiling his muscles and preparing to strike out. But even though he was listening with all of his concentration, when the door actually swung open, the light from the hallway blinded him. He closed his eyes tightly and turned his head away, hissing in discomfort.
And John would take a deep breath and then turn away. Because when the Aurors faced a mysterious crime and were out of their depth (which was always, according to a certain consulting wizard), they called in Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
The room around them was unchanged - the pool was calm and the dim lights flickered lazily. No sign of the magical storm was visible.
to love him. He was a product of illogical passion, when everything else in her life had been measured and weighed, pros and cons carefully listed and considered. What room did her impromptu son have in this ordered life? That’s why he had moved out as soon as he was sixteen, and that’s why she lived alone in her one room flat with her ginger cat -
“Give me a break. You barely said a word at dinner and you look like someone who had their heart broken.”
John soon follows, his orgasm strong enough that white sparks explode in the periphery of his vision. John manages another five hard thrusts, and then he’s collapsing onto Sherlock. He breathes wetly onto Sherlock’s right clavicle, licking his lips and tasting the salt from Sherlock’s skin.
He grabbed the first bully by the nape of his neck and kicked hard against the back of his knee. The boy howled and was down before the other two were even aware of John’s presence. John turned sharply and threw an upper cut at the other boy, hitting him in the gut to knock the air out of his lungs. He collapsed to his knees, and John turned to Anderson, who had loosened his grip on Sherlock but not let him go.
Molly’s face broke into a dreamy smile, and her cheeks grew pink. “Oh, Greg’s the best!” she said. She started to tell a story about a time when she and Greg had been partnered together for a project in French class.
, sure. He’s a normal, hot-blooded man. But the flirting, the tricky dance of the first date, trying to figure out if a cup of coffee is just a cup of coffee or an offer for something more - John feels exhausted just thinking about it.
Sherlock’s laboratory moved from the kitchen to the upstairs bedroom, and while Mrs. Hudson still occasionally needed to be evacuated when a potion went awry, John felt a little better knowing that the danger was no longer directly over her head. The downstairs bedroom became their bedroom. On nights in which there wasn’t a case, they fell into bed together, sometimes with passion, sometimes with laughter.
Sherlock is clay in his hands, allowing John to move and direct him. John wants to laugh at this discovery, that Sherlock Holmes who can’t be bothered to make tea without a lengthy argument, is so submissive when it comes to making love.
“Molly, this is John,” Mike told her. “He’s new this year.” He leaned in conspiratorially. “He’s planning to apply to medical school as well.”
“Really fun,” Mike agreed. “No idea what happened, mind you - never really understood the game. But it seems like you all did quite well.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted from his textbook to John, flickering up and down before he nodded decisively. He returned his study to the book. “Imperial or King's? Or UCL?” he asked without making eye contact.
For several seconds, there was only the sound of the music, and John could feel the other boy staring at him like he was some sort of strange animal - not exactly gross or terrible, but definitely curious and certainly unusual. Unable to make himself open his eyes, John’s chest grew tighter.
Just then, Bradstreet entered the room and their classmates fell silent. Taking his place at the podium, the teacher called out, “Page eighty, ladies and gentleman!”
But he could not quite bring himself to forgive Mycroft for leaving him. Sherlock could never forget that when he woke up, in pain from a broken wrist and nasty concussion, he woke up alone.
The Hog’s Head pub was busy, and a cheerful fire warmed John’s back. He rested his chin on his fist and asked, “What would I even do there?” He couldn’t believe he was even considering this.
Dropping his backpack on the table, John studied Sherlock’s face. Those cheekbones really were ridiculous, he thought. “Want to be my partner?” he asked, and he immediately wanted to kick himself. God, could he sound any more like a wanker?
Sherlock looked frustrated. "It’s not about the actual crime.” His eyes flashed to John and then away again, oddly timid. “I mean, it’s not just about that. I like puzzles. Do you have any idea how many crimes go unsolved? It's ridiculous. If
Sherlock’s mouth returned to John’s. Sherlock kissed like every touch might be their last. It was messy and hectic and
Moriarty’s spells didn’t blink out of existence - they shattered. One after another, like ceramic plates hitting a hard floor, the spells disintegrated. An otherworldly wind whipped around John, forcing him to his knees. Dimly he could hear Moriarity shouting, but the air around him was thick with power, blurring his vision into a kaleidoscope of colors and light. And over the din of shattering spells and Moriarity’s rage, there was Sherlock’s deep voice, sure and steady. Magic seemingly without end poured through John, slipping from his body to Sherlock’s, and then flew from Sherlock’s wand.
Nothing could have prepared John for those eyes. The strobe lights undoubtedly confused the situation, but John could tell that the other boy’s eyes were undefinable. Pale and ethereal, they seemed to contain bits of blue and green and grey, and they peered into John so deeply that he could swear he felt their intensity like an electric shock.
The night in the club had taken on a hazy sheen in John's memory. It felt like a dream or something from a past life. Because they had never spoken about it, it was easy to think of club-Sherlock and school-Sherlock as two separate creatures. That didn’t stop John from wanting to do dirty things to
John blinked. He was reminded suddenly of the morning with the purple potion: Sherlock’s spell had been intricate and perfect, but not strong enough to complete the potion and reduce the boiling mess to something benign. John remembered the way his own magic had spilled away from him, and he hadn’t been sure at the time, but it had seemed to be moving
John released Sherlock’s cock, and it only took another five hard pulls before John was coming as well. He slouched into the wall. It was hard against his back, and Sherlock was hot and heavy against his front, and he could barely get in a deep breath. He had never felt so good.
John had to shout to be heard over the pounding of the bass: “When Mum asked you to take me out with you, I don’t think this is what she meant.”
Frowning, John reached into his front pocket, in which he was surprised to discover a small slip of paper, folded over once.  He opened it cautiously and immediately recognized Sherlock’s loopy handwriting.
“Here,” John said. “I have an idea.”  He took himself in hand and coated his cock with a thin layer of slick, his eyes fluttering closed with the sensation. He had to force himself to let go - a few more strokes and it would have been over all too soon.
But then his partner raised a single eyebrow, a dare in his eyes, and he motioned with a thrust of his chin. John didn’t know what he was being asked, but he knew he’d agree to just about anything, just to stay at the boy’s side for a few minutes longer. He nodded, and the other boy reached a long finger around one of John’s belt loops and tugged. He began to snake through the crowd, sliding through the press of bodies, and John trailed behind.
Wondering who Greg was and still curious about the forbidden toilet, John nodded and did his best to keep up.
“Well,” John said, “I’ve found his company far more pleasant than the company of others at this school.” He turned and stormed away, his cake forgotten.  He was suddenly too angry to eat, and the cafeteria felt too hot.
“Yeah, I know, right?” John rubbed his face with both hands. “Anyway, he’s really smart and rude and interesting, and I think we were becoming friends.”  Harry’s eyes were getting rounder. “I mean, he doesn’t really talk to anyone at school, but he talks to me.”
Sherlock didn’t answer immediately. Instead, he reached behind John to close the door and engage the lock.  He then tugged John’s backpack off his shoulders and dumped it at their feet. Grasping the lapels of John’s jacket, he pushed. John could do little else but allow himself to be manhandled until his back was against a wall. Sherlock’s eyes, pale and intent, never left John’s face.
John briefly considers the wisdom of his next move, decides he doesn’t care, and reaches out to scratch Sherlock’s head. His thumb comes to rest just below the collar of Sherlock’s fine shirt, and he’s momentarily surprised by how warm and smooth Sherlock’s skin is. It’s not an entirely appropriate way to touch one’s flatmate, especially when said flatmate’s scary older brother is present, but the touch works its magic. Sherlock’s violin grows silent and the man melts into his chair, eyes closing.
Sometimes, almost always late at night and usually after a day in which there had been a bad injury, when he couldn’t turn his mind off for sleep, John would let his old hurt loose. He knew he’d feel better with the dawn, like he always did, but in the dark he could allow himself a few hours of feeling the old pain spread through his chest. He’d stay awake all night, staring at the stars and wondering if he hated the wizarding world. He could remember when, as a child, magic had been something special, something awe-inspiring and
John shrugged.  “It makes sense, don’t you think? You spend a lot of your time at home engaging in spectacular feats of lounging. Then you race around the flat at night making an unholy racket. And you depend on me to feed you, but complain about whatever I offer. I think it’s a reasonable deduction.”
In the first month of the war, John took a hex to the leg. It didn’t do any permanent damage, but John would never be able to forget the searing pain when it had first hit him.  He spent the remainder of the war with a limp.
“Are we interrupting?” the DI asks. John sees a small crowd of Yarders in the hallway beyond Lestrade.
Slamming down the empty beer bottle, John pushed away from the table. He was briefly aware of Harry’s and Clara’s cheers, but those were soon overwhelmed by the loud music. John set his shoulders as he marched towards the dance floor. The music grew impossibly louder as he approached the dancing figure.
The pleased feeling evaporated quickly once they reached the actual hospital. No matter how often Sherlock found himself in need of medical services, he could never fully desensitize himself to the overwhelming sights, sounds, and smells of the A&E.
John turned to measure out their reagents, almost curious to see what would offend Sherlock next. Sure enough, he soon heard Sherlock making unhappy little noises of discomfort behind him. He glanced over his shoulder to see the other boy swaying from foot to foot, his fingers twitching as though they ached to grab the ingredients from John.
Sarah shrugged. “I’m more of a footie girl, but it has its good aspects as well.” She raised her eyebrows theatrically.
Sherlock’s head suddenly jerked and he stepped away from the shadows. “They’re here. Come on, John!”  And he was running, feet pounding through the puddles as he raced away.
It’s like flipping a switch. Sherlock falls silent immediately and his shoulders droop. The fervor just below his skin evaporates like mist exposed to the sun. Peering down, John watches Sherlock’s eyes slide shut. His lips remain parted and he’s breathing gently through his nose. His chest rises and falls, but the rest of his body is still and peaceful.
“That’s not …. It’s not like that.” John put the very dry dish down with precise care. His hands were shaking, he noticed. Harry must have seen it too because she turned to frown at him.
“You’ve only been in London for three weeks,” she said. “You’ll settle in. I promise.”  She gestured to Harry with her chin. “This one was a mess when she first got here. She got lost on the Tube, like, five times in the first week alone.”
Fingers brushed his knuckles, and only then did John see how white they were as he clenched his beer bottle.  He looked up and met Clara’s gaze.
“John!” Sherlock’s throat burned from vomiting, and this distorted his voice, but it only served to accent the rage in his tone.
Sometimes they hold hands in the morning after breakfast, John flipping newspaper pages with his free hand and Sherlock idly scrolling through his phone with his.
John sighs and thinks back to Sherlock’s lovely deference in the basement. What can he do to recapture that? He thinks of how docile Sherlock became in his hands when his hair was being pet, and John’s breath hitches. Can it really be that simple?
Sherlock used his heritage differently. The man knew Diagon Alley like the back of his hand, and he retained an intimate knowledge of every dark corner of Knockturn Alley. He knew exactly where an illegal talisman would be purchased - a skill he seemed to take perverse pleasure in demonstrating to John. He was as comfortable conversing with a werewolf as a wand-maker.
John hops to follow him, because that’s what he does. But he also allows his shoulder to bump against Anderson’s as he passes, in a move that’s just a little too rough to be unintentional because, apparently, that’s also what he does.
He rolled onto this stomach and crawled to the couch, the only piece of furniture in his studio flat. He shoved one corner of the couch aside so that he could reach the loose wood panel beneath. This revealed a dark cubby, and from here he pulled out his case. His fingers stroked the glossy cover, and he moved to sit cross-legged, letting the anticipation build.
John padded into the kitchen, yawning and scratching his belly through his thin T-shirt, and he turned on the kettle. He then jumped when Sherlock suddenly spoke from directly over his right shoulder. The man could be a walking disaster - usually late at night when John was trying to sleep - but he could also walk as quietly as a cat.
Sherlock wasn’t in biology class on Monday morning. John got to school fifteen minutes early and spent the entire time carefully arranging and rearranging his notebook and pens, trying to project an air of nonchalance.
Sherlock reads or studies case files, and sometimes he wanders the halls of his Mind Palace. Sometimes Sherlock watches the telly as well, insulting the plot lines, the dialogue, or the actors until John tells him to shut up. But no matter where he starts the evening, he ends up collapsed on the couch, his head on John’s lap. '
His orgasm begins to build deep in his pelvis, and John closes his eyes tightly, wanting to delay the inevitable. He thinks he could live in this moment forever. He would not eat or sleep or interact with people other than Sherlock. He could be content to stay in this hotel room, in Sherlock’s body, he thinks, the smell of sex permeating his nose and the sounds of Sherlock’s cries ringing in his ears.
The first bully was holding his knee and making whimpering noises, and the boy that John had punched in the gut was dry heaving. Anderson was the only potential threat. He lay half on his back, his upper body held off the ground by his elbows. He was staring up at John with a baffled expression.
John felt his ears turn red. He supposed ‘friend’ wasn't the best way to describe someone he had snogged.  And with whom he had dirty danced.
Sherlock had to talk to him during their chemistry lab, but it was only to demand equipment or materials. They finished forty-five minutes before anyone else, and John didn’t understand a single step of the experiment.
The next time they order take-out, Sherlock sits close enough that their thighs touch from hip to knee. After they are finished eating, John carries their plates to the kitchen and returns to his seat, settling against Sherlock again. They watch Top Gear for another forty minutes, their thighs pressed tightly together.
Moriarity was thrown backwards three meters, his limp body skidding across the pool floor until it came to rest in an undignified heap.  He lay still, unconscious and harmless.
Sherlock eventually returned to his potion, making more noise than seemed necessary, but for the rest of the morning, John would catch Sherlock sneaking glances at him.
John did not miss how Greg’s voice seemed to trip over the girl’s name. “Yeah, they’ve been showing me around.  We’re in biology together, and I have physics with Molly.”
And then Victor groaned, and his tongue slid into Sherlock’s mouth. The gentleness evaporated, and Sherlock’s hands, which had been hovering a scant distance from Victor’s shoulders, froze at the sudden invasion. Victor, not noticing his friend’s recalcitrance, began to move forward, forcing Sherlock to walk jerkily backwards.
The detective frowned.  “It hurts my lungs,” he said, “and it made me dizzy. I woke up alone, and I was sick.”
The other boy’s expression didn’t change, and his eyes didn’t lose any of their intensity, but one corner of his lips - oh, no, he hadn’t colored them, John thought, they were naturally this rosy - twitched.
John slides his fingers into the dark strands curling on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, letting his nails gently drag against his scalp as he pushes his hand towards Sherlock’s crown. His palm comes to rest against the back of Sherlock’s skull, soaking up the warmth from his scalp, and he lightly scratches with all five fingers.
But Sherlock had been gone. John didn’t dare to hope he’d see the other boy again - the likelihood of running into Sherlock in a city as large as London was near impossible. His heart ached. John could only hope that the events of the previous night would fade to a lovely, erotic memory.
Sherlock smiles, a hint of teeth, then winces as his body tenses. His Adam’s apple bobs and John freezes, ready to help if the nausea overpowers him. Sherlock swallows and swallows and grows still again.
Sally was still talking. “And he’s always skulking around, talking to himself. He’s a weirdo. It’s like he’s on drugs or something. You shouldn’t be friends with him.”
They finished the assignment early. As near as John could tell, the other students were only halfway done. Despite Sherlock’s improvisation, the results seemed perfect to John, and even Bradstreet provided mildly disgruntled praise at the workmanship.
Taking a long swig of the beer, John turned his gaze to the dance floor so that he wouldn’t have to watch his sister snog her girlfriend. It was half ten, and there were so many dancing bodies that the crowd seemed to move like one giant, pulsating mass. The beat of the music was deep enough that John could feel it in his chest, competing against the steady rhythm of his heart.
Wincing, John dropped the paper and hurried into the kitchen. Sherlock was frowning at his cauldron, where a wicked-looking purplish potion was boiling. It emitted wisps of yellow smoke, which curled toward the ceiling of the kitchen with a decidedly nefarious air.
For thirty seconds, John could only stare at the piece of paper as his brain stumbled to accept what had happened: this was Sherlock’s mobile number.
Sherlock didn’t look up as John approached, but John was pretty sure his approach hadn’t gone unnoticed. Sherlock’s shoulders inched an almost imperceptible amount higher, and now John was certain he wasn’t imagining the tension in the other boy’s body.
the ordinary way. Yesterday morning you swept up the shards of my flasks with a broom, and you reset the pilot light in the oven by hand on Wednesday.”
Everything was terrible, but this would give him a bubble of joy. The bubble would inevitably burst, but for a few hours, the color would be back.
John hesitated a moment and stared at Sherlock’s flushed face, feeling a little dismissed and also a little hurt.
Yet as he drew closer to the dancing boy, John’s insecurities began to take root. This close up, John saw that he was good half-head taller than himself. His eyes were still closed, his face pointed upwards, and his expression was one of bliss. He danced as though he was the only one on the floor. John suddenly didn’t know what to do next. Should he tap him on the shoulder? Move in behind him? How exactly did he do this?
During the first two weeks of the semester, others tried to talk to Sherlock. They cozied up to his lab bench with all sorts of ridiculous excuses to make conversation. Sherlock knew that his reputation preceded him in any room he entered; these leeches were hoping to use him for his brilliance so they could get better grades. Sherlock knew he was not the type of person to inspire friendship for friendship’s sake.
John’s mind drifted to Sherlock’s long legs. He wore the same uniform that John did - that all the male students did - but on him it somehow looked … bespoke. John remembered the jeans that Sherlock had worn the night at the club. He thought of the hints of pale skin beneath. He remembered the hot length of Sherlock in his hand.
, Holmes, what are you doing here?!”), and things again became messy. There was a delightful stand-off in which Sherlock got to be a hostage. He used this opportunity to explain the chain of events leading to the murder and how he had solved it before Bradstreet’s inept police force.
The tall boy spun on his heel and strode away. John was left wondering if the emotion he had seen was real, and wondering what had caused it, but also knowing - with a sinking heart - that it had been him.
Sherlock frowns at the hand on his shoulder, and then his gaze blearily tracks the hand to the arm and then up to Lestrade’s face, stopping his perusal so that he can peer drunkenly into Lestrade’s eyes.
John checks the locks on the door, turns off the lights, and then crawls back into bed. Sherlock promptly lets go of his pillow and throws one long arm around John and wraps a leg around him as well. He rests his head on John’s right shoulder and rubs his nose back and forth through John’s pale chest hair. John grins, delighted to discover that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t just enjoy touch, but also appears to like a cuddle after sex. He wonders briefly how they got from that moment in the basement so many months ago, John’s fingers gently tracing Sherlock’s cheekbones, to this moment in which their naked bodies are pressed so tightly together there’s no room for air between.
He was by himself, his spine perfectly rigid. Other people moved around him, like he was a spot of oil in the water of the crowd. Even though it was a warm evening, he wore a dark coat that made him seem little more than a shadow, and his dark curls were somehow impossibly more wild than normal.
“Here you go, hun.” Clara pressed her lips against John’s hairline and squeezed his shoulder before she moved around their table to cozy up against Harry’s side. John thought about protesting the gift - at seventeen, he was underage, after all - but ultimately he decided to hold his tongue. He’d already used the fake ID that Harry had obtained from God-knows-where to get into the club. What was one more broken law?
“Get out of here now, and I won’t break your nose,” John said, so mad that he could barely speak. He was distantly aware of a red haze that threatened to overtake his entire vision.
“He knows the coolest things. He’s, like, an encyclopedia of true crime, and he’s brilliant at chemistry. He also knows a lot about ash, which is pretty weird, I know, but he gets really passionate about it. He left class last week because I told him about the robbery at Monroe’s. He says there’s been a string of robberies, and I guess he’s investigating them? He told me he’s questioning people in the neighborhood and he’s all but harassing the police. I mean, he’s not going to solve it! He’s this skinny, weird sixth former who wants to be a detective, and it’s ridiculous, but it’s also cute, if you know what I mean?”
They snogged for several long minutes, and slowly John became aware of the music. It had faded into the background during the sex, but now the heavy bass was making itself known in John’s chest. The cleaning product smell began to tickle his sinuses. It felt like the real world, pressed aside for so long, was re-establishing its influence.
It’s so late that it’s closer to morning than night, and they are in the back of a cab on their way back from Chelmsford. John is studiously keeping his eyes off the meter and hoping they charge the clients enough to make up for Sherlock’s favored method of transportation.
John shrugged, and he was grinning outright now. “Yeah, I mean, I’m not a genius or anything, but it seemed like a good idea. I’m surprised you went with the other route.”
“Well,” John said, and then he felt foolish because he didn’t know what to say next. It seemed unreal that minutes ago he had brought Sherlock to orgasm with his own hand, but now words felt somehow too intimate.
When he pulled back and opened his eyes, he found that Sherlock was watching him intently. His pale eyes were locked off again, his face still and serene, and John despaired. It seemed that Sherlock had retreated behind his wall and John, lost in his sentimental musings, hadn’t even seen the moment it happened.
“Thank you, John,” he said, his voice oddly formal. His back straightened, he nodded once, and then he was ducking into the hallway.
The goshawk, fifty feet away in her own tree, gave a little hop and moved up a branch. She was no longer in Sherlock’s direct line of sight. He made a face, tucked his book and pen away in his small knapsack, and made to move from his perch so that he could watch her just a bit longer.
Sherlock would usually enter the scene first, all manic energy and quick spells, and John would hang back, sometimes speaking with the Aurors, sometimes not. But when it came time for Sherlock to cast a more difficult spell, John would move to join him.
They don’t talk about John’s new tendency to touch, but Sherlock has clearly noticed it. John frequently senses that he’s been watched, but whenever he looks up, he finds Sherlock with his nose buried in a book or his gaze locked to his microscope’s eyepiece. In his peripheral vision, John can see Sherlock watching him, a pensive frown on his face.
