“That’s so sad!” Claire reached to put a comforting arm around Kaia. “I would never want to see that.”
“Call Uncle Benny Uncle Benny?” Jack titled his head and stared at his father and uncle in concern. “Are you getting the same thing Claire has when she can’t pay attention?”
“I think you’ll survive.” You two just stay here and get ready so we can go head back to town and maybe go to the little town museum.”
“Believe me, I would if I could. I think I’ve watched too many mafia movies to be any good at actually being a mafia man.”
“Yes. I thought I’d put all that behind me. Thoughts of romance, relationships, possibly even love. But here I am in this new place and suddenly, through no advances or signals of my own that I know of, here are these two, I don’t know, maybe more, men hitting on me, flirting, asking to take me out, like I’m the belle of the ball.” He rubbed his hand across his forehead, back and forth. “I didn’t know it’d make me feel…feel…I didn’t expect the attention to make me actually feel…feelings.”
The Novaks and Winchesters sat in different rows. Dean sat in the aisle where his family occupied the last row of those involved. The other side of the auditorium did not have as many people as their side, but both sides combined was almost a quarter of the auditorium's full capacity. Dean looked around. No wonder the sheriff’s office was called. This didn’t even include those that were just outlying fighters in the scuffle. They had all been sent to detention for the remainder of the day until the main players were sorted.
Dean smiled. So that was what his brother and friends were planning. A Welcome home party. All of his friends and family were there. Well, most of them anyway. Charlie, Kevin, Jo, Pamela, Ash, Ellen, Bobby. They each had brought a home-cooked dish for Dean and the children that would probably take care of their evening meals for at least a week or so. There were also various snacks and drinks that were laid out for those present while they had been waiting on Dean’s release from the hospital.
Castiel pulled up in the circular driveway again and got out. Miracle followed him and immediately barked, and ran up the stairs to the front door. As soon as Castiel got to the top of the porch, Dean was opening the door. Miracle barked excitedly as she jumped up on Dean’s lap, and even yowled a few times with joy, over seeing her human again.
Dean was about to say something rude when Sam stopped him and pointed to himself and then the phone.
Moaning, he stroked his cock a few last times as he came, cum jetting straight up and arcing over his pants and t-shirt. He gasped for air and squeezed a few strokes more as the last twitching throbs of his spent dick faded. Fondling his still-swollen cock, he looked up at the ceiling gasping to catch his breath. He closed his lids and had a vision of blue eyes and a firm round tight ass.
Castiel walked off shaking his head and laughing. “I picked up a few cans of dog food yesterday I forgot in the car. I’ll leave them on the carport bench,” he said leaning over to peck them each on the forehead in turn. “Only feed her once for lunch if she’s hungry before I get back, and only half of the can.”
“Gabe called us a while  ago, said you had a date at 10 and he needed to be picked up. So, here we are.”  Narf immediately dove into Gabriel’s French fries.
“So, I want to tell you both, that sometimes you will encounter people that will be angry with you, be afraid of you, or even just outright hate you because of this. I want to do what I can to protect you, but I won’t always be able to be there. Please, from now on, just be extra aware of your surroundings, if you feel uncomfortable, scared or threatened, leave and go someplace safe or to an area with a lot of people. We’ll discuss safety more another day. But never think that I’m telling you this to try to change your nature or your mind. I just want you both to stay safe.”
Gabriel vowed then and there that when he was old enough to get a good job, he was going to take his little brother and run away. He wouldn’t wait until he was eighteen and the Trust Fund be damned. However, it was not much later, when he found out that the “vitamins'' they were forcing Castiel to take were not vitamins at all, but antidepressants, bipolar mood stabilizers and the newly coined ADHD medications, that he and Michael got into a knock-down, drag-out brawl over Michael not agreeing to help their baby brother. Michael beat the hell out of Gabriel who was smaller in frame and musculature. Even so, through sheer will and anger, Gabriel eventually pinned his older brother down. He was crying and angry and desperate, sitting on top of his older brother’s chest, bleeding all over him, begging, and getting ready to slam his head onto the front walkway of their home, when they heard the screech of brakes of a vehicle coming to a quick halt by the street, and the slam of a car door. Anna came running up the long driveway. They could hear her screaming at them and crying. They both thought that she was upset to see them fighting, until they saw her trip several times as she ran up the inclined driveway. She dropped her books first, then got up and ran towards them again. Her face was red and tear-streaked. She tripped again, dropping her purse, and ripping her hospital Candy Striper uniform. She tossed off her shoes, and just began crawling towards them crying and screaming. Terror shot through both of them when they finally were able to understand what she was saying.
After an hour, the brothers had found what they needed. They shoved everything they didn’t need into the large compartment of the backpack.
“He-e-e-ha-a-ha-a-a. I-I… a-all m-my h-happ-pies-s are c-coming o-out-t a-at-t o-once.” He took a shakier breath and let out a loud cry, quickly followed by more sobbing, happy laughs.
Sam really was not interested in an “adult erotic confectionery shop,” but he promised Emma and Ben, if they were both able to keep their lunch down and feeling up to it, he’d buy them gelato. He had to wonder what kind of lunatic moves to a small town that has no ice cream parlor to open a sweet shop for adults only? Why would you not open a family store here? Or how ‘bout an adult sweets shop in a bigger city? How many customers would this business actually attract in a small town?
Dean was beginning to slur his words. “Ring around Rosie, a pocket full of posies. Ashes… ashes… we all fall down.”
Emma slowed to a stop and turned to look at the two girls closely, noting they were once again holding hands and standing very close.
As they approached the front of the school, they noticed a deputy coming out of the front doors, heading towards one of two sheriff’s cars sitting out front. Dean’s heart went into his throat.
take good care of my Miracle.” Dean said into the black anger in his mind. “Yep, good going, Dean. You’re always such an asshole.”
“Open them!” He demanded as he pressed himself against Benny again, mouth and hands roaming everywhere, driving Benny mad. Benny was usually the dominant one in control, but he found a certain thrill he’d never felt before in the combination of dominance and innocence radiating from his dark-haired beauty. He obediently opened a packet of lube and found it snatched out of his hand almost immediately.
“Alright. Alright, girl.” Dean’s voice broke as he hugged her to him. “Let’s let the doc in so we can give him a proper thank you.” He began to try push Miracle towards the floor as he heard the car door close and engine crank. Dean waved to try to catch his eye and thank him, but Castiel drove off and never looked his way. Strangely, it left him feeling very empty. He pulled Miracle close again and hugged her for all his worth.
Castiel took a long shower. He cleaned his body and his hair. He wanted to take the kids somewhere tomorrow. Maybe the zoo or the Aquarium. Maybe the park. Though if they went to the park and saw dogs, they would beg for one.
“Hi, Uncle Gabriel!” Jack said as he ran up excitedly. “You didn’t bring any cookies or cupcakes did you?”
Castiel blinked with a start. “Oh, yes, yes. I’m sorry, I just didn’t think.” He gave the box of pastries to Dean.
“We can get home from this way instead of going all the way back to town and taking the other road. This road meets up with our road and it winds around until it gets to our drive, but I think if we go this way and turn through Mr. Winchester’s driveway, we can take the private road from his property to ours and get home in half the time.” Castiel slowed as they’d made the turn off the county road onto the road that wound through the farmlands.
Tomorrow was the twins' birthday. He would take them wherever they wanted then surprise them with a dog at the end, making them promise they would take care of it. His apartment was big enough for himself, two kids and a dog. The Landlady was a sweet old lady named Muriel. She had cats.
“Say your goodbyes to Miracle, kids, and hop in the car. We’re ready to leave,” Castiel called down to the children, not bothering to turn towards them.
Michael honestly thought he was going to throw up. Not only was he dealing with having to blackmail his own parents over the mental health of his youngest brother, but he was simultaneously learning just how much his entire life was a lie in regards to anything his parents had ever told him. How many times had he had his parents have talks with him with this what he now realized was not just mock-concern, but straight up gaslighting manipulation of the most contemptible sort. Who used and manipulated their children that way?
“You really think I want all this, especially right now? I’m nineteen years old! Even I know I’m not ready to settle down and run an empire. I don’t want to have that kind of headache this young. I don’t want to be corrupted like you two.”
The green eyes had a softer yellow-green hue in the glow of the porch light, like flecks of peridot glinting in absinthe. Castiel wondered at the mercurial emotions of the man. Smiles one moment, anger the next, unfathomable expressions in between. He unconsciously tilted his head trying to figure out the man behind the captivating green eyes.
Sam took a number and perused the case freezer and labels of the flavors available. Though Ben said he wanted a banana split, Sam thought it was a bit heavy for one who’d been having trouble keeping food down. He had told them they could have gelatos, instead of the heavier ice cream.
“We can get it tomorrow, Jack.” Castiel held the kitchen door open as the twins entered, then locked it for the night.
“Are you insane? Have you seen the movies? No, we’re sticking together. We’ll go down one of these paths.” Dean said and started walking. Castiel was behind him. The others were farther behind but not too far. Suddenly the roof started to shake and crumble and a giant rock fell and hit Dean on the head, knocking him out. It blocked the path from the others. It was a dead end. They were trapped. Castiel was trapped with Dean Winchester in a small area with little to no space and not to mention that Dean was also injured. Castiel had to keep Dean alive so he wouldn’t die.
“Of course, Jack.” Castiel smiled proudly. “And you understand that I am, and will always be, proud of you and love you for everything that you are?
“Yeah, Dad,” Ben elaborated, “it’s pretty much like that lighting we have around the back of the TV upstairs in the playroom.”
He was told the assistant manager had scheduled to call him back in twenty minutes. Dean decided he’d just wait on hold.
“The day we brought Dean home from the hospital, his friends and family had a little welcome home to get together to help get him settled, make a bedroom for him downstairs, set up him and the kids with some prepared food. Of course, everyone was curious about the town’s new doctor.” Benny smiled at Castiel’s questioning look. “Yeah, you were the main topic of conversation.”
It was supposed to be the shiniest diamond on the planet. That’s what people said anyway. His group was mostly made up of family and close friends. Except that now there was someone
“I’ll give you that, Dean. You are eating vegetarian pizza and I’m very surprised.” Sam beamed at his older brother. “I hope you keep it up, but it wouldn’t hurt you to eat some salad.”
After losing his wife and the mother to his children, Meg, to childbirth, he made it his mission to raise his kids to the best of his ability.
“Hiya, Sammy.” Dean smiled at the look on his brother’s face. “You look more confused than I’ve seen you in a long time. What’s going on?”
“Dad, you’re always telling us to act this way or that way. In my estimation, 90% of being an adult is choosing the socially acceptable and approved manner of ‘acting’ at any given time.” Jack expounded.
Ben and Emma were Dean’s fifteen year old twins. It was hard when Lisa passed away in a car accident. It had been raining. She lost control and slid off the road and the car flipped multiple times.
“I just gave him something for the pain prior to his X-rays, so he’ll be out for while. You couldn’t have arrived at a more opportune moment. We definitely need your expertise to set his bones and get him in a cast,” Adam informed the doctor as he handed over Dean’s chart.
“Hi.” He smiled to the people in the room with his hand up in a small wave. Some nodded, some waved back, some smiled. “I’m Jack. Jack Novak. I didn’t mean to cause all of this trouble for everyone. I’m not a bad kid. Right, Dad?” He looked at Castiel.
He tried reading, but his mind was on the things Balthazar said. Balthazar was always his champion. In many ways Balthazar and he were closer than he and Gabriel. His cousin was always like a brother, daring best friend, and loving parent all rolled into one, and Castiel valued and took to heart everything he ever said or did, and was never let down.
“Yes, I see it.” Castiel began to slow down the closer they got. “I guess the trees or brush blocked it for a bit. I just don’t want to drive in the ditch or miss the turn.
Maybe the Doc…Cas could give him pointers on how to put that thing on by himself. It really shouldn’t be that difficult. Maybe Adam knew a trick. It was Sunday tomorrow, so no one would be coming by until at least the afternoon, but that was OK. He had plenty of food and could sleep in if he wanted.
Claire and Jack ran to meet her, dropping to their knees. They looked up and waved at the men on the porch.
“Good night, Dad. I am going to have good dreams tonight because I’m so happy for you.” Claire hugged her father tightly and grabbed Jack’s hand while he hugged their dad good night. “Come on, Jack.”
“Oh, no thank you. I’ll have two cups of gelato. One raspberry and one mint chocolate. No. You know what? Make that three. I think I’ll try some of the strawberry one myself.” Sam said with a wry grin.
“I’m going into town quickly to put up a few flyers about the dog, grab some pastries and fresh donuts, then I’m stopping to check on one of my patients. I’ll be back home around 11:45 or so. That’s a little over three and a half hours. If you want to go anywhere today, I suggest you finish unpacking your last two boxes and put the items away neatly. And get all that flatulence out of you, Jack!”
“Well, I guess that makes me feel a little better.” The corners of Benny’s mouth lifted in a slow, wide smile. “So, wait. Dean has no idea– I mean you never let on at all that… so you spent the entire Sunday morning with him, agonizing over coming to the market to ask me out?” Benny watched Castiel’s cheeks flush, then his forehead and neck. “I am truly flattered.”
Castiel Novak was one of the three owners of The Garden of Eden. It was a flower shop located in Pontiac, Illinois. He worked there with his four brothers and three sisters plus his kids.
“Allons, pauve ti bête!” Benny came up behind them, waving them out the garage door. “Let’s go! You poor little thing. You can’t do it without your uncle?”
“Why?” Naomi looked crestfallen. It was the first emotions he displayed that Michael actually believed she truly felt. “You’re just going to let our baby be corrupted and grow up an abomination?”
“Wow, this must have been a serious fight for this many parents to be called in.” Dean said looking around.
What Michael did not expect as he closed the refrigerator door was for his mother and father to be standing in the kitchen looking at him with grave expressions.
Dean had a myriad of emotions cross his face. He had to admit, he and Pamela had some great times, but they certainly pushed each other’s extreme over-indulgence buttons. Dean could never figure out if it was because in some sick way they were trying to one up each other in consumption or extreme partying, or if they pushed themselves or each other unconsciously to see just how wild they could get. Whatever the reasons, they always had fun together, but often it was overshadowed by the trouble they got themselves into, the hangovers suffered and work missed, or how easy it was to fall into old patterns of using and abusing, substances, risky behavior, and sex.
“Hey, thanks. You need to wash up quick? Grab a cold drink? I don’t know how long we’ll be.” He said as he let Miracle down.
“This whole ‘suspension’ thing seems kind of stupid. The day is pretty much over and they’re allowed back tomorrow, but we have to sign the suspension forms. Seems more like a punishment for the parents than the kids.” Dean complained. “But I am glad Principal Macleod doesn’t believe that punishing the kids academically is a way to get good disciplinary results. I know Emma and Ben are both going to be upset about losing more time to get makeup work done on their projects they’re already behind on.”
“I won, didn’t I, though?!” Jack gagged and laughed more. “Actually, I won twice, because I got to get sweet revenge on you!”
Unfortunately, the rest of his body also hit the floor as soon as he pushed himself off the bed. He frantically tried reaching for his nightstand as he felt himself falling, but  found one arm entangled in tubes, monitor wires and the nurse call button/tv remote wires, which also caused him to spill the fresh pitcher of ice water on the table on top of himself on his way to meet the floor. His other hand had reached out and found the rolling overbed table, which immediately began to roll away from him and flipped over as he blindly tried to steady himself, but only succeeded in pulling it down on top of him. Besides the shock and pain of the fall, the icy water did him in; he peed on himself, and then just lay on the floor crying in pain and humiliation, and yelling in anger as strong hands began to lift him.
He preferred doing ‘night-sky driving,’ as the children dubbed it, when the moon was out, or like now, when the sky still had a hint of the dim twilight of the just-disappeared glow of dusk. Though he’d also done it on moon-dark nights filled with stars, as well as black-sky nights shrouded by storm clouds, but almost always on roads he trusted or knew. There was a time before the children, when he was much more of a daredevil, and would find straight lengths of roads that ran for miles in the countryside and on cross-country road trips. He’d turn out his headlight, take off his helmet, and fly his motorcycle at breakneck speeds in the darkness, wind in his hair, and stars filling the vast sky to the horizon, compelled to fly headlong down a road that met the Milky Way, driving to the stars and his destiny. It always seemed just out of his reach. He never could divine exactly what that destiny might be, and always had to slow his bike in the end, never reaching the distant shining beacons he was drawn to like moth to flame.
Then, came the bad car accident when he, his father and brother were T-boned by a semi. He’d coded twice before eventually making a full recovery. While he was recovering, he slowly worked on rebuilding the old Impala that his dad had bought even before John and Mary had married. His dad told him he was the biggest sort of fool to think it could be repaired, but John, thankfully, never sent it to the junkyard, and let Dean do what he wanted. Dean worked on the car for almost a year before she was finished. He and John got in an argument afterwards when Dean went out to the parking lot after school one day to find the Impala missing. Turns out John decided he wanted it back, and just came and took it. No explanations, no care as to how he and Sammy would get back home from school that day. For once, his mom took his side, and though John stormed out and left for two weeks, he didn’t take the Impala with him. He never looked at the car again, except to berate Dean once in a while over some minute perceived blemish on the Impala’s finish.
Gabriel opened Castiel’s door, but Castiel wouldn’t get out without Anna being right next to him. She pulled him onto her lap as she slid out his side of the car. He quickly grabbed Gabriel’s hand and clung to Anna as they walked into the shop.
The town had lost its only confectionery almost a year ago when the owner found it more lucrative to open up shop in Emporia, a small city of 25,000 some twenty miles to the east. Sam had watched many businesses in Cottonwood Falls close up shop in recent years and it had concerned him, for the people of the town, his own law office, but also for Dean’s farm.  So many small towns had been losing businesses, and thus, population, causing more people to exodus small towns for bigger cities. It was a downwards spiral that doomed many small towns to disappear. But Cottonwood Falls seemed to have a remarkable resilience and ability to have the empty spaces filled by new and ever changing business establishments. What the town lacked in long term businesses, it made up for in variety.
“Oh, thank god! I’m starving!” Dean blurted out, all smiles. Dr. Novak paused in his consultation while the worker placed the food tray on the overbed table, rolled the table into position in front of Dean and removed the lid for him.
not yours!?!” Dean was seething with emotions; hope, relief, anger, dread that he was wrong and it was not his girl.
“Morning, Bro. This is my partner, Deputy Christine Barker. Deputy Barker, my brother, the esteemed Dr. Castiel Novak.”
Benny was sitting at ease, leaning against the backrest, right arm atop the backrest of Castiel’s chair, sometimes the arm falling around Castiel’s shoulders, sometimes coming forward to emphasize a point. He was trying to act as he normally would with friends and family, but Sam could tell by the way he looked at the doctor, that Benny was smitten. He wondered if Dean saw that as well.
He didn’t want to go into an intense discussion this late about it, mainly because it would inevitably lead to him letting them know why they ended up moving to Cottonwood Falls in the first place. He had already decided that when he came out to them, that he would tell them a PG-13+ version of what he did and why it led to them having to move out here to the country. He did not want to jeopardize his job further. His real dream would be to do what Gabriel had said, and just let it all come out and live in the open, without fear of his mother or father finding a way to harm his or the children’s lives or his standing with the corporation to which he was contracted.
“Well, it’s about time,” Dean Winchester was in the already opened doorway in his wheelchair. “Does it always take you this long to get to someone’s front door.
a dog. A very cute,  medium-size, very fluffy dog. It had backed up a bit from the door and stood warily examining Castiel. He could see that there was no collar.
“Sam. They have all of my money, and this is a big emergency for me, but I had to call them several times before I found anything out!?! It might be another day at the office for them, but it’s my whole life and my children’s future! They should at least act like it’s important to them, too.”
“I don’t know, Jack, maybe your dad isn’t ready to talk about it yet. It took me a long time before I talked to my mom.” Clark advised.
“Okay, gentlemen. If you’ll excuse me, I was not planning on starting work on this day and I have my vehicle hooked up, towing a small moving trailer behind it, blocking three spaces in the clinic parking area. I just stopped by to pick up keys for my supposed living arrangements, find out the location, and get there so I may endeavor to unload said trailer of my belongings before nightfall.”
“I’m glad it's Uncle Benny,” Jack exclaimed, “because if you get married, we can still call him Uncle Benny or maybe Father or Poppa!”
“Gabriel, she’s got to be at least eighteen to work here. Did you lie to her about your age?” Michael frowned at him. “I told you that’s going to get someone in trouble, and it’s not going to be you. That’s not fair to her if she gets in trouble and is ruined over your need for games.”
“Oh, c’mon, Cas,” Dean coerced him, “I told you Benny’s one of the best humans I know. He’d make a great uncle for your two. Hell, I’d make him my kids' uncle all over again if I could. Tell him, Sam!”
Castiel nodded seriously. “I will think it over. Truly. It’s a difficult thing to say ‘No’ to Jack.”
“Castiel!” Balthazar gasped. “What is it? You’re avoiding talking about this for a reason. What is it?”
It was a mid-priced, king-sized double suite with a kitchenette, desk, living area, and the obligatory dining table with two chairs. Michael booked it for three days since he had no idea what was going to actually happen. He wanted to be sure they had a place to go if things went badly. For one of the less expensive chain hotels, it was not too bad. Their room was one of the higher priced rooms which included more amenities, yet it was less than the least expensive rooms in a hotel of the higher quality they were used to staying in. If things went badly for them, or at least Michael, they’d have to get used to less money for the finer things in life.
Startled at the noise, he looked up into those blue eyes. Dean felt like he was in a waking bad dream, torn between thirst and anger, and guilt and intrigue. He averted his gaze from the blue depths and nodded in thanks.
“Jack, you’re not helping.” Castiel came closer and bent down to say hello. He rolled his eyes in amused exasperation when they all clearly heard Jack giggling maniacally behind him.
“So, it’s kind of like we are warriors in a fight?” Jack asked, tilting his head in thought. “Dad is like a war veteran, then?”
Castiel had no sooner put down his phone and opened his book once more when his phone rang again. He looked at the name. Great. This would not be not be a quick conversation.
heard them. As usual, he managed to say something stupid in his anger and frustration, and piss off someone who didn’t deserve it. At least not at the moment.
“I am never one to let academics suffer over acts of discipline. Suspensions that rob a student of the ability to continue with their education, has always been a pet peeve of mine. It does not help the student learn, in the end it does not have value to society. It does not help anyone grow and learn compromise or cooperation. We have the end of this nine weeks coming up. Many projects would be left by the wayside, grades would go down and dare I say, resentments would form. I’ll not punish the hard work of our students. Suspensions are for the rest of today and before and after school tomorrow. No before or after school work or extracurricular activities will be allowed, including sports practices. We will have after school detentions for the rest of the week and Saturday detention as well. If you don’t or cannot attend, we will deal with that on an individual basis, but if it’s just that you do not show up, there will be more severe and long lasting consequences. As always in cases like these, we will have mandatory group and individual counseling sessions, especially for the instigating trio, as well as a charity work project competition that the previously opposing individual students will have to work together on a team in competition with others. These sessions and competitions will occur in part during P.E. classes, in place of lunch recess and morning breaks as well as before and after school.” Ms. Mosley and Rowena consulted quietly with each other briefly.
Benny cleared his throat and immediately gave Dean a serious look as the secretary came back into the room.
“one of the nurses will take you down to Radiology soon. “I’ll let you know shortly thereafter what the verdict is.” Dr. Novak left the door cracked open slightly as he went. Dean stopped eating his breakfast. Anxiety finding a home deep inside, rooted around in the pit of his stomach. He wiped his hands and face, balled up his napkin and hummed it at his tray. He looked around the room.
Sam began to browse around after he made his flavor decisions, while waiting for his number to come up. There were two clerks waiting on the customers. One he recognized as a young kid he’d come to know as “the weird kid named Sam,” as Dean called him. The other was a small man with almost shoulder length golden brown hair. He had a mouth that seemed to have a built in smile of secret knowing and amusement. His eyes though. Sam had never seen such an intriguing eye color. Golden brown with a tint of amber in sunlight. Eyes like a lion on the Savannah in Africa. Fierce, proud and secretive.
“I guess I can tell you if you promise me it stays between y’all. Most of everyone that we’re friends with all know anyway though. Daddy and Uncle Benny were together, like together, together, for a lot of the time Uncle Benny lived with us, even while momma was alive. He’s kind of like our second dad. He had his own room, and…” she looked ahead towards the rest of the group, “sometimes daddy slept with momma in their room and sometimes he slept with Uncle Benny in his room. Kind of like my dad was married to two people.”
They quickly went towards the research area and began setting their things down. The librarian came over expectantly. They heard her stomach growl. Without so much as the decency to blush, she quickly grabbed a coffee from one of the trays and opened a bag to look for sugar and cream.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. You did get grounded for half of the summer when you were twelve for getting that newspaper route job and forging their signature when they told you that was too pedestrian of a job for a Novak, but I just got a warning when I forged Dad’s signature to go on that weekend field trip when we were supposed to go visit Aunt Amara.” Michael shook his head. “If I were the parent, I would think that my infraction was worse, and yours was just a child trying to learn to be responsible and make his own income. I swear, our parents have a twisted sense of right and wrong.”
Gabriel picked him up. “Not only are you good, you’re the best. Now let’s look at the pictures and see what you want.”
She turned on the microfilm scanners, then walked off and began turning on computer terminals at the card catalog area, and lights. Michael and Gabriel got to work and spent a little over an hour going through the microfilm and printing out copies. There wasn’t much that they hadn’t already had copies of from the files, but Michael wanted to be thorough.
“Then when we get back home, Anna, you can give Cassie his bath, get him ready for bed, and maybe, play a computer game with him or read.” Michael continued planning. “ Balthazar and Gabe, you two can just hang, nonchalantly, out nearby Dad’s office while I confront them.”
He rubbed his eyes and ran his hands down over his mouth and chin. Lisa had to go in and smooth over the harsh words he spewed at the bank manager. And even thereafter, the man had said he really preferred to deal with her over the farm and wedding business. Dean could handle his personal bank accounts with any other teller or the assistant bank manager, but in the future, he’d prefer to only deal with Lisa on the business end of things. Dean was fine with that. He saw the veiled fear in the man’s eyes when he and Dean had argued over discrepancies. He’d always felt that Marvin M. Etatron was a scruffy little man who liked to rub in, and hold with an iron fist, any perceived power he held over anyone. Dean could never understand how Lisa could stand working with him or how she always seemed to get him to help her out.
“Yeah,” she said after watching the two girls' reaction, “but Uncle Benny was always there since we were born, so we didn’t know that not everyone lived that way. We still see him almost everyday, but he lives in his own house now, and he and our dad are just good friends, like really close friends. Just not boyfriends anymore.”
“Wait. You asked Mr. Lafitte if you could call him uncle? Why?” Castiel was not sure he heard correctly.
“Night Dean.” They said at the same time and then they left. Someone had checked Dean’s mail for him. Among the junk mail and bills was a letter from the bank. He wouldn’t see it until the morning. He wouldn’t know the bank was going to try to take the farm until the next day.
“Just a bit of clarification, just between you and me. I promise.” Balthazar’s tone changed to his big brotherly protective sound. “My dearest cousin Cassie, please. When you said ‘them’ was that in reference to more than one or just pronouns?”
Castiel told a similar story. Chuck would beat his kids with a belt. He forced them to go to church. He had someone come to the house and beat Gabriel so badly that he almost died. He almost lost his brother.
Chuck and Naomi walked in and Michael peeked his head out in the hall quickly and nodded as he saw Gabe peek his head into the hall. He closed the door, but left it slightly ajar so if Gabriel or Balthazar had the inclination, they could hear without standing right by the door.
“Hey, Dad. When are you coming?” She looked at Kaia who squeezed her hand in hopeful anticipation. “Oh, good! I’m so glad! What? No! We’re having a great time! We’re out in the barn looking at Ben’s sheep right now. He’s in Future Farmers of America like Jack wants to do. Yes. He likes the sheep. “
Castiel shoved the two boxes of pastries and donuts over to the passenger seat and headed back towards the road that led to his new home. As he came near the driveway to his place, he sat forward and craned his neck to see if the children were outside playing with the dog. All he caught a glimpse of as he drove past was a ball sailing across the yard and the dog in hot pursuit.
Dean looked at his watch. “That’s in two hours. Do you want to cook something or can we just order pizza?”
“Hello, Mr. Plutus. I’m Sam Winchester, Dean’s brother and attorney.” Sam introduced himself as pleasantly as possible. He elbowed Dean.
“Hey Cher, are you ready to go back home?” Benny asked him as he patted Dean’s leg just above the cast. He had a smile with a particular glint in his sparkling blue eyes. Dean noticed Lee did, too, as he walked to the far side of the bed, passing the nurse headed towards the door.
“And I’ve been hearing him do it so much, on top of Ben and Emma, that I even did it a few times.” Claire rolled her eyes in agitation. “I like him very much, but this was Jack’s thing. But if Jack does it, and we’re around him so much, b-because we’ll be hanging out with Ben and Emma often, then, I think I’ll probably end up slipping up like that, too. And you know, he’s a really,
“I’m glad to get this off my chest. Are you ready to head inside?” Benny turned towards the door and reached his hand out for Castiel’s.
“It’s going to be OK now, Sweet thing. I’m going to make sure he’s OK, shhhh. Shhhh.” Michael petted and rocked her. He backed up and held her face in his hands. “We… Castiel needs you to be strong for him now. We need to work together to get everything cleaned up and back to normal before mom and dad come home. Yes?”
The kids excitedly made their plates and got their drinks and sat down. Neither family really prayed. It just wasn’t something they did. So they began to eat.
“I bet he couldn’t eat an entire container of blue cheese and a pack of pepperoni that Uncle Gabe had in his refrigerator and the dumbass took that bet.” Claire doubled over laughing.
Castiel stood staring at the closed door.  ‘Cas. He called me Cas again,’ he thought, baffled.  He shook his head and got in the car.
“Don’t worry, I think there’s enough to do and enough company to keep them out of trouble.” Dean looked pointedly at Clark. “Who knows, if today goes well, maybe Friday Pizza Parties at D&L Farms can become a thing. But only if today goes well.”
“Bro, it’s Friday! Of course I’m out for the night.” Gabriel’s shoulders sunk at the questioning look from Michael. “You don’t trust me? Yes, I put it on the bulletin board in the kitchen by the phone, just like almost every Friday night.”
“Ah, yes. It’s $211.63, to catch up the arrears up to date, and another $118.81 to pay another six months or they have the option to pay for one month for one month only, after which you’ll have to close it out or review price options and resign a new lease.”
Gabriel pulled the visor down and looked at himself in the mirror. His left eye looked pretty much the same as Michael’s, if not a bit worse. His jaw was bruised, his lip was split and he had a cut across his nose and eyebrow as well.
The call ended soon after that. Castiel worked a little later and then he left to pick up the kids from school. He parked his continental in front of the school and waved as he saw his kids come out of the building. Claire groaned when she saw her dad’s car.
When they got home, after the obligatory five minutes of giving Naomi a quick summary of their “fun” evening, Anna took Castiel to have his bath and get ready for bed. Gabriel and Balthazar went to the billiards room, next to Chuck’s home office, after they made a small scene of arguing about who was better at making trick shots.  Michael went off to the kitchen, to give Anna time to get Castiel started on his bath.
So, when Adam told him about the sale of the hospital clinic to a corporation that had plans on making it the main healthcare facility of the county, Dean thought he could turn it into a rental house for any corporate people and medical professionals that would be moving to town. That way, at least it’d be lived in, and somewhat taken care of. He had no interest in it, and wouldn’t have cared if it burned to the ground, except for the fact that he was the custodian of the historic building that the people of the town were proud of.
There was an enigma, Castiel thought. At least now he knew, somewhat, why the man had such mercurial moods. He can’t imagine what horrible things happened to him, and Benny in Afghanistan, but he was glad they both came out of it. Benny had said Dean punching him in the nose was a very Dean Winchester type of thing. Castiel wondered if that meant he was prone to panic attacks that resulted in injury to others or if he was simply prone to violence.
“Don’t look at me so. I know a lot of willing women, many of them quite a bit more wealthy even than your parents.”
“Oh, I’ve got plenty of pain. I’ve had some very sharp, shooting pains, general soreness, my neck is still a bit sore, and random muscle aches, but not enough to bother with.” Dean shuffled slowly through his stack of mail as he spoke. “My foot really hurts sometimes, and my ankle, too. Every once in a while it feels like my whole leg would involuntarily kick out in a giant twitch if I didn’t have this huge cast on.”
He moved away from the counter a bit and bent to admire the creative array of cookies and cupcakes in the bakery case.  He had to hand it to whoever was the genius behind the designs and decorating of the confections, everything was beautifully done and displayed. It all looked, and smelled delicious, if one were inclined to eat sweets. Obviously, it had been tempting enough for Sam to order something for himself. He suddenly noticed those golden lion’s eyes staring back at him through the tray of bear claws and turnovers. He just stared right back. There was a darker ring around the edge of the golden brown.
Cas sighed, "Well, you should not have even attempted to get out of bed at all. Please, try to relax. I’ve ordered a sedative for you, nothing strong. It will just allow you to relax a bit and alleviate any additional pain or discomfort you have possibly caused yourself.”
“Properly! Or I stop.” Castiel had slowed down almost to a stop. The low whoosh of the wind in their ears now gone, and taken over by light cricket song and the hoot of an owl somewhere nearby.
Dean rolled to the back of the house to his office, Miracle closely at his side. He just managed to squeak by around his desk, rolling the desk chair away in front of him. He switched on his computer. Tossing the letter down, he turned and began pulling files from the filing cabinet behind the desk. Miracle lay down nearby, watching. Once he had all the possible files he thought he needed, he stacked them on the desk, logged into his business account, and began to sort through everything.
Then maybe Claire has a point. If he chose to date Benny, and that’s the first time he’s dated a man, then that must mean he took a long time to think about it and it must not have been an easy decision for him. So let the man live his life, and don’t try to think about breaking him up with Benny.” Sam stood up, too. “Besides, if your dad and Dr. Novak were meant to be, they’ll get together eventually.”
“O-kay. I’m going to imagine that you're either in the middle of stitching up a patient, which I know is not the case, since you’d have never answered your phone, or that you’re in flagrante delicto!”
He told his brother that he felt he should be as courageous as his own child, and had to do it on his own. His children deserve no less than to see their father being as brave, honest and as self-assured as the youngest member of the family. He just hoped he was prepared to answer any questions without getting overly emotional. He knew he carried a lot of baggage and it made him extremely nervous. Gabriel was understanding, but said he’d be on standby with his phone if he was needed.
“Alright, I’m still going to want more information, and very soon. Stay safe baby brother. I love you.”
“I’m glad you’re both alright, but you know what my questions are going to be.” Ben rolled his eyes and nodded.
She gave him the screwdriver. This went on until his shift was over. From time to time, he stopped to eat and gave Miracle something to eat too. Poor girl was exhausted. After that, he went to the Roadhouse. He worked there as a cook sometimes. He was exhausted so Ellen said that he didn’t need to work tonight. Dean boxed up some dinner for him and the kids and went home. The kids already ate so he put the leftovers in the fridge. Ben and Emma each took a shower and went to bed.
She was his service dog. He had spent a few years in the Military and he got her when he retired. It was before the kids were born.
“I haven’t gone on a date…yet.” Castiel hesitated. “Look, Anna, it’s a bit soon to be talking about this. I just met them and not even sure if it’s a platonic friendship thing of someone taking pity on the city guy moving to the country and knowing hardly anyone.”
Handsome and fatherly, too. Ben and Emma say he’s more like an ‘uncle-dad’ to them, not just an uncle.” Claire nodded enthusiastically. “Plus, he helped raise them when they were babies and lived with them, and their dad, …and…mom…”
“A few years is nothing when you’re an adult, but between the ages of nineteen, or whatever she is, and sixteen it’s a felony. It doesn’t matter if you’re both teenagers, one of you is considered an adult, and one is considered a child still. Now give me the paper!”
“I take that as a great compliment. The large star badges are for you and Deputy Hanscum. Otherwise, pick what you like, it's free for all.”
Benny pulled up to the driveway just as the pizza delivery car was turning out onto the road. He knew it offered just a short reprieve from having Dean once again try to get information on his whereabouts and “errands,” especially because he could feel himself giving into his body’s need for slight smiles as images and thoughts of his evening with Castiel popped unbidden into his mind. He should’ve jerked off in Castiel’s private restroom at the clinic. It's too late now.
“It’s very nice, you did beautiful work.” He said, looking up at the large, old beams that now supported the vast open spaces. “I can tell it was done with love and with an appreciation for the history of the homes.”
As he got out to open the door for the boys to get out of the car, he saw the other brother, Dean, come out of the house with the dog trotting behind. Deputy Barker opened the back door of the passenger side for her son. Jack gave him an enthusiastic thank you hug and ran off towards the truck to get his backpack with the other boys. Ben walked backwards with them, saying a thank you to the deputies for the ride, as he went.
“Dean. I know I haven’t been here that long and I don’t know everyone very well but I think that Cas will love it.” BobbyJohn said. Everyone nodded.
His mother was strict. He was taken to conversion therapy. He was forced to have sex with women against not only his will but hers too. The last straw is when his mother forced him to have sex with his best friend Meg, who got pregnant as a result. They were married immediately after. Nine months later, Castiel is walking out of the hospital alone with two newborns while the body of his wife is laid in the morgue.
“It’s OK, Cassie. You don’t have to get a milkshake. It’s OK. You can get whatever you want.” Gabriel placated his while trying to keep his eyes on the road.
“I want to be in the FFA and get some animals to raise, too. I was thinking maybe sheep or goats, or maybe even chickens or ducks. They could go to the pond during the day.” Jack beamed. “Maybe you could help me get started, if I get sheep?
“Is that…is that strawberry jello and ice cream?” Dean asked looking down at the cup now resting on his lap.
Dean had almost forgotten that Miracle was at his tenant’s place. He had a quick surge of anger again. “How is she? Was she very afraid or upset? How did you find her?”
“That’s cherry juice sauce with extra food dye added especially to stain flesh red.” Castiel said in a slightly annoyed tone.
“I’m leaving now. I won’t be long. I’m sorry that I’ve caused you such distress.” Castiel picked up and dropped his keys twice in his nervousness.
Castiel had been thinking about this for a while now. He has actually planned it out for weeks. He has saved up enough money to do this.
“Well, in that case, maybe he’ll let you have some of this raspberry sherbet!” Gabriel presented the bag he had hidden behind his back.
“Thank you. I’ll try to remember that. Really, I will. As you’ve seen, I’m not always the best at letting things go or expressing myself, but maybe thinking of that, reminding myself how you’ve helped me, will help me change that. So…t-thank you.”
Sam, Adam, Ben, Emma and BobbyJohn took their places next to Dean while Michael, Gabriel, Jack, and Claire took their places next to Castiel.
We’re going to see Ben’s sheep. The ewes are going to have baby lambs soon! Not right now soon, but soon in December,” Jack explained.
“I happened to his face.” Michael pulled off his own shades and turned his head back and forth for inspection, but he had not been crying or rubbing his eyes like Gabriel had.
Almost seven years ago, Dean got a very excited call from Sam.  He’d been offered a junior partnership at the large firm in Topeka he’d been at for only a few years. He had happily accepted. After a short time in the position, Sam was even planning on moving to the main corporate office in Wichita. Though he missed seeing Sam as often as he used to, and the move to Wichita would put him farther away, Dean was so proud of his brother, and his continuing success.
“Yeah, seems your niece and nephew decided that a fight of some kind was in order today. Appreciate it, buddy. Over.”
Benny had no chance to reply and obviously anything he did say would’ve gotten lost in the cacophony occurring around them. The kids continued to roughhouse around the kitchen and living room as the adults tended to lay out the food.
“I brought your dog in, wet and filthy, full of caked-on mud, and shivering. I bathed her, blow dried her, fed her, played with her, asked her name for almost an hour. I even looked around out in the rain for a collar.” She was happy, if a bit clingy and then we went to bed where she slept by me, keeping vigil all night.” Castiel was on a rant over the accusation that he was not a good physician.
Dean hung his head and Miracle jumped in his lap. He did not care about the lingering scent of Castiel’s cologne, but just buried his face in her scruff.
They decided they would do it that night. It had to be done. They couldn’t let their brother continue feeling the way he’d been feeling. None of them had ever realized how frightened he’d been for so long. The look in Michael’s eyes frightened Gabriel. It was scary, scarier than yesterday when they’d robbed the safe. Gabriel knew that if they were in their father’s office right now, he would not have put that revolver back in the safe. Michael’s entire demeanor changed that night and he never went back. Though Michael was always the serious one, it seemed like almost all humor left his body that day.
Another time, his mother and father had split up for a while, and his mom had left to “figure things out,” leaving them with their father whose way of coping was drinking to excess and leaving them alone for days or weeks on end. Their pantry was empty and the grocery money had run out, so Dean tried pilfering some bread and peanut butter from the local convenience store for Sam to have something in his belly. Getting caught was not so bad, but it was the reaction of his dad that did him in. “Let him rot.” Thanks, dad. The sheriff took “pity” on him and sent him to a home for wayward boys where he spent two months before his dad decided to come get him. He always thought it was more that John needed a babysitter for Sammy than that he cared about what happened to him.
Claire and Kaia were next. Jack and Emma walked together. Then Ben and BobbyJohn did too. Ben had been excited to walk with his brother.
“Come on, Deputy Barker, The Doc’s kids need good friends after today. Just because they got into trouble doesn’t always mean they should be punished.” Dean whispered just loud enough for his voice to reach across the hall. He winked at her.
Dr. Novak and Benny were sitting on the same side of the table, having left Sam’s space, where his drink was still sitting, empty.
“They should. I get it. But you’ll find people are more willing to help you, especially at the bank after what happened the last time you blew up, if you have a little patience and be a little bit nicer than you might feel like being in certain moments.”
“Hello, thank you for calling The Garden of Eden, this is Castiel Novak speaking. How may I help you today?”
“Good morning sleepy heads. Happy birthday.” Castiel said and smiled as he made their plates. The kids happily sat at the table and ate their food. Castiel made his own plate and sat down at the table with them. After they were done and everything was cleaned up, he told them he had some surprises planned for them on their special day.
“Deputy Barker!” Dean called from where he sat further down the hall, “I’m going to have Dr. Novak’s kids over so they don’t have to be alone this evening until he gets off at the hospital. We’d be happy to have the extra company of Clark if you have no objections. I know it’s difficult on late notice when you have kids and no caretakers available.”
He tossed the extra flyers on the passenger seat as he squeezed into the driver’s seat with the two boxes of pastries from Gabriel, which he then set down on the console. He took out his phone to pull up the directions to the Winchester place. He had not ventured that far away from the town since his arrival, but it was down the road from his place, so it shouldn’t be difficult to find.
“My dad is a great person. Everyone likes him and he gets along with most people.” Emma insisted in defense of her father.
“Here, I’m going to call Hael. Anna said she would be staying the night with her, but will meet us for dinner. It’s later than I thought we were going to be, so I don’t know if she still wants to meet us. He picked up one of the accordion folders and handed it to Gabriel. “For tonight, go put your copy of everything into one of the lockers, preferably a top or second tier. I know it’s silly, but if for some reason there was a flood or water main break, we don’t want it at the bottom.”
“Kinko’s has the twenty-four hour store just a mile or so away. That’s why I chose this hotel. Let’s go make copies of this small stack and I think that’s all we need, but we can use their computers to check through the diskettes. We’ll make three copies of everything. Tomorrow I’ll go to the library first thing and look through these microfilms. I’m not looking to ruin them or anyone else. Their sins are their sins. I’m not looking to start a stack of my own, just have enough to have our brother safe.”
A loud honking came from outside the big office window where his office was located pulled Castiel out of his focus. It was four stories up and he could still hear the cars honking. Castiel groaned in annoyance and pinched his nose. Can’t people see he’s trying to write a book here? He sighed and tried to get back to work. Claire and Jack were still at school so he didn’t have to worry about them for another few hours. He dropped them off and picked them up every day. He wasn’t going to let his kids ride public transport. Not in the city at least. Castiel owned his own company or at least that’s what his father said anyway but he still had a boss. The boss of the boss. It was his father, Chuck.
“You should realize that your thoughtless actions may one day not only endanger yourself, but perhaps lead others into harm’s way as they endeavor to save you from yourself?” Castiel pulled his hand away from Dean’s shoulder and stared at his palm briefly. It was red. Dean felt a coolness on his left shoulder and then a plop onto his chest and stomach. He looked down. There was a smashed paper cup formerly filled with what looked like red jello.
“Man! I guess I had a good time, whatever I did last night,” Dean mumbled with a smirk as he swung his legs over the side of the bed rubbing his eyes. He really felt the urge to go as soon as he had sat fully upright and decided he’d sprint to his bathroom as soon as his feet hit the floor.
“Give me one moment.” There was more sounds from the keyboard. “Council Grove Post Office, 103 West Main Street.”
“Hello, Winchester. Lafitte. Here for the scuffle. Quite an incident they had.” She gestured to Castiel who had walked up with her. “I know you’ve met The Doc,” she addressed Dean, “but what about you, Lafitte?”
“Huh.” Dean began to have suspicions that somehow, the doctor’s children were at the crux of the problem. “New kid syndrome, I’d say.”
“That’s OK, Mr. Winchester, I understand. Sometimes some people just don’t get along.” Castiel backed towards the door as he fumbled in his pocket for his keys.
“Alright, we’re going to go back around and add our new copies to our hidden files. Then, we can head home and check in on Anna and Castiel. I talked to Anna this morning, she’s going home, or probably is already home by now, to be with Castiel. She’s nervous and wants us to get there as soon as we can. We’ll go in separately.”
“Tell them Gabriel and I weren’t here when you got home, so you came up to your room to cry and call your friends. That’s it. I’ll call your friend later and let her know where and when we’ll meet, then she can tell you. Just let one of us know who, before we leave.”
“Maybe, but when your vehicle breaks down I won’t help you fix it, if you always tease me about it.” Ben retorted smugly as he leapt on Jack and gave him a noogie.
“Oh, wow!” Dean turned to Kaia, impressed, “you know how to make all that and program it, too! You’re awesome!” He smiled fondly at her, and looked at Claire, giving her a thumbs up. Claire blushed, but still smiled and nodded at Dean’s encouragement.
“First, come here. Both of you.” Castiel went over to his children to hug them close. “I just want to say how proud I am of both of you and how much I love you both. You are both so strong, brave and intelligent. You are both my heroes. Really.” He kissed the tops of their heads.
While they ate dinner they discussed their agenda for the next morning. They’d head to the library first thing and go through the microfilm files, copying what they needed. Castiel was probably home for the weekend and they could take him out go karting or canoeing after they came back from the library. Their parents would be happy because they always felt stand-offish when it came to spending quality time with their youngest. Usually Michael, Gabriel and their cousin Balthazar took Castiel places their parents used to take them. Anna always tagged along. She was more of a mother than a big sister to Castiel.
Ellen danced with her husband William. Jo made friends with Anna and soon it looked like it was turning into something more than that.
“Once Nurse Ezekiel has, uh, finished cleaning you up,” Castiel nodded towards Dean’s crotch with a sympathetic smile, “and gotten you dry and comfortable, I’ll be back in to examine you again. However, once he has gotten you settled I need you to stay in that specific position to keep pressure off your leg... Since it is broken in a couple of places. We don’t want swelling to occur."
He had walked in just as the kids, sounding like a herd of bison, came running and leaping down the stairs. They appeared to have become fast friends in the little time they’d known each other. The most reserved of them, the girl Kaia, even had a huge smile on her face. Benny was glad to see that. He had similar reservations about her stepfather, and like Dean, wanted to make sure she was taken care of.
Sam turned and looked back towards the driveway. He could just make out the deputies’ vehicle as it went out of sight.
“I’m going to play some video games. C’mon, come play, Jack.” Claire tried to make a break for it up the stairs.
“Honestly, I’m sorry, Bro, I just was letting you know the kiddos arrived safely at the Winchester place and are happily doing teenage things with the other four teenagers. They have homework, which Dean and his delectable brother Sam, will see to is done by all, followed by a feast of pizza, which they are expecting you to attend.”
He pulled up Benny’s shirt and unfastened his own last few buttons. Benny  seemed to intuitively understand Castiel’s urgent need to feel their bodies pressed against each other. He slowly unclasped his hand that had been stroking Castiel’s, now rock-hard cock. Once again running both hands under the shirt around to feel the ridges of his wings. He pulled them close to one another, then closer still. He could feel the metal of Castiel’s nipple ring press against his own. Benny slowly broke off the kiss, wrapped his arms around Castiel tighter and higher to cradle his head and whispered, “welcome home, chérie” in his ear.
He had a dozen or so text messages and missed calls. Most were from Charlie, some were from Jo and Ellen, others ranging from Benny to Lee, to Ash, to Pamela, to Jody, to Donna and Garth.
“I have condoms and a couple of packets of lube in my pocket,” Benny said in a smooth, throaty whisper.
“Goddammit!” Great! How was he going to pick it all up now and make sure the children didn’t find out? He grabbed the arms of the wheelchair and shook it for all his worth. The padded arm cushion came off in his grasp. He looked daggers at it and flung it across the room with an angry, frustrated roar. It narrowly missed the television and embedded itself in an opening of the air conditioning vent.
Naomi, who’d been picking up the glass, dropped it all again and ran into the hall to see what was going on.
Miracle decided she did not want to go for a ride, but wanted to run off around the yard. It took considerable coaxing, and laughter from the kids at the windows, but he finally got her in the car. He drove almost as fast back to the Winchester house as he had going home.
“Oh, I’ll get that!” Castiel felt strange, like he had lost time in those moments before. “Allow me.” Hand out, Castiel indicated the plate on Dean’s lap. Dean picked the plate up to hand it off. Fingertips touched lightly as the plate was passed. He heard a sharp intake of breath from Dean, who quickly pulled his hand away, smile now completely gone.
“You’re right. The entire aim of this is to protect him and make sure they can never take any further similar actions in regard to his mental or emotional, or even if he has a health issue that they suspect could have an effect on him mentally or emotionally.” Michael rubbed his forehead. “Yeah, they just have to give up any and all claims on him for all time, because I know they will try to twist things to their advantage. I wouldn’t put it past them to do anything, including put one of us in a looney bin just to get a hold back on Cassie.”
Both Michael and Naomi, stunned, closed their mouths. Michael had never heard his father speak to his mother that way before. It utterly intimidated him. He put his hands to his eyes, thinking. He realized he had them rattled, or at least his father. He had to keep going. He couldn’t let them see him falter.
“Pplease,” he said in an almost whisper, finally drawing in a long, deep breath. He felt the smooth skin of a hand softly run over his shoulder and cradle his head to the warmth of a chest. He felt the “shh, shhh” wash over him. Pulling him even closer.
“Dad, you know I’m gay now, right? I don’t mean now, just this instant, I mean you now understand that I am, and was born this way and that’s it. Right?”
Shame and self-loathing. Hatred, teasing, pain. He just wanted it to go away. Why couldn’t he be free and open like his children? He just wept and put his head down, resting his forehead against the back of Jack’s head. He could feel Claire lay her head against his, and then felt Gabriel lay across his back. He could hear sniffles from them. They stayed huddled together for a while, no one saying a word, until Castiel’s sobs abated and his breathing evened out again, and he finally found the strength to sit up.
“I just don’t want you to ever be disappointed if this man we are just getting to know, somehow ever lets you down…lets us down.” Castiel touched Jack under the chin. “But  he told me he would be honored to be called your uncle, both of you, and he said he would do all he was capable of to live up to that honor and responsibility. And I’ve never met another person that was not blood related that made a vow like that for someone’s children he just met.” Castiel almost teared up. “So, I will allow it.”
Anna finally worked her sweater off enough that she just pulled it down her left arm and slipped the sleeve up Castiel’s arm and flipped it upside down to go across his body where he quickly shoved his other arm in and laughed-cried even harder.
It was a long arduous road for Dean to come back from. He went through untold amounts of medication, therapies and alcohol before he was given a service dog. That first dog, The Colonel, a German shepherd, was a godsend. Though he’d never been much of a dog person, that dog saved his life. Soon after, when he was once again feeling more human than possessed by demons, he met Lisa. He could not say he was ever really “in love” with her, but he did love her. She gave him a sense of stability, strength, normalcy and peace. She gave him more of what he’d always heard a true “home” meant and could be.
, ‘thank you for your service,’ because I, and so many others, do owe so much to people like you. If you had to put up with someone half as messed up as I was, well, in my book, you put in service time as well. And I’d like to tell you, because I still held a lot of grudges when I left a few of mine behind, thank you. Thank you, and those in your profession, for helping me, and so many others like me, out. Thank you for all the ones I did not say that to.” Dean looked Gabriel in the eye briefly and then looked down, because being grateful was easy, but speaking it allowed was difficult and he always had to remember that showing and speaking gratitude was not a sign of sappy weakness, but showed strength of character and empathy.
Clark let Jack sit in the middle in order to be able to see everything in the front seat and the road ahead.
“Yeah, yeah. But Adam, how are the kids? How are Emma, Ben and Miracle? Sam’s still got ‘em, right? Do they know what happened? Are…are they worried? I need to see ‘em.” Dean asked with anxious concern.
He hadn’t planned on staying at the hospital…uh, clinic, as long as he had and his ice cream had half-melted. He was glad he’d purchased the good-sized ice chest and filled it with ice to keep his groceries chilled on the long drive here. He had thought he’d better pick up extra groceries before leaving civilization since he wasn’t sure of the variety of items at the local grocer nor how well stocked they may be.
Castiel smiled at him, “I’m very glad to hear that,” he said genuinely. He turned to close the door for Dean who’d rolled off towards the spacious main combination living, dining, and kitchen area.
“And if we’re being real right now, I hate it here. The kids, especially Claire, said many times how she hates it here. Jack has too sometimes but not as much as his sister.”
“Yeah, my dad likes that. I don’t like the textures together, but I like to pick the pineapples off and put them on the side to eat later,” Jack smiled proudly. “That way I’m still open minded about it, without actually eating it together.”
Between retching gags and laughs Castiel got the blanket to the laundry room and came back to see Claire standing in the open door, fanning the door back and forth in giant arcs.
At some point, Benny had come to stand right next to Castiel, resting his booted foot upon the stall rail, and patting him on the back every so often as they listened to the children talking about sheep and eventually, other animals suggested for Jack to try a hand at raising. Castiel felt a fond affection for Benny. He took pleasure in looking into his crystalline eyes. He
All three were a mess of tears, mucus, blood, ripped and stained clothing, and red, swollen eyes. Both Michael and Gabriel had angry swelling welts on various places on their faces, along with a few bleeding cuts.
He thought the first time he’d looked in those eyes they were so bright, like the deep blue of a summer sky. Now they were like the depths of the deepest jewel tone blue.
Castiel finished off his glass of wine in one go. He needed it after his emotional phone call with Balthazar. He got up to blow his nose and get another glass of wine, but ended up having to deal with another nosebleed after his crying. Finally, he filled his wine glass and went to tell the twins that it was time for baths or showers and wind down for bed. Their usual routine was only books allowed after 8:30 during the school year, except for Fridays and Saturdays. He headed back down to read with his glass of wine while waiting for the kids to get ready for bed.
Dean sat fully upright and blinked. He took a deep breath. “Yeah. Yeah. I think I’m ok now.” He look up at Castiel. The blue was now a deep, dark sapphire. He just stared.
Bobby spoke up. “Sam, you, Adam, Gabriel and Michael stay here with Miracle since you guys are Castiel and Dean’s brothers while the rest of us go back to camp and radio for help.”
“Go head and have a seat. Michael’s eagerly waiting.” Gabriel slapped Jules on the back as they walked towards the exit.
“I saw my dad laugh and smile in a way I have never seen. And Mr. Lafitte made him do that! I will do anything to make sure he can have more of that, because he deserves to be loved by another human that is not his children or brothers and sister!”
It was the same thing they said every time they’d been away from each other for more than a day or two, and it always ended with a wet kid-kiss to the cheek and Castiel showing his brother something new he could do, or sometimes, a tale of something good he’d done. Once in a while, it ended with Castiel asking why he was a bad person that he had to be sent away. The first time he asked that, Gabriel did break down and cry in front of him, but quickly learned never to do it again when he saw that his baby brother blamed himself and his “badness” for his older brother’s tears. Gabriel vowed never to say those words to him again. He did not say them only four times, until Castiel sadly asked him if he no longer thought Castiel did good things to show him. Gabriel never forgot to ask again. He saw that giving Castiel the opportunity to show any amount of goodness in himself was a sort of therapy for a baby soul who felt they were the epitome of broken and bad.
Dean rolled his chair towards Castiel menacingly. “You mean to tell me you’ve had someone else’s dog this whole time? Were you just planning on keeping her for yourself?! What kind of man takes another man’s dog!?”
Castiel and the twins got home just after 10pm. It was much later than he would have liked on a school night, let alone on the night they were to have their family discussion. He really wanted to postpone the meeting so the children would get enough sleep. They would have to wake earlier than would be usual in order to ride to school with Ben and Emma. However, Claire already let it be known that she was not going to let it be put off. Jack would have been more inclined to put it off, but Claire wanted him to back her, so, like a good twin, he did.
“Oh, my mom likes beeswax candles. She used to buy them from a man in town, but he doesn’t keep bees or make candles any longer because he’s gotten too old.” Clark remembered sadly. “He had a lady come and take the bees to live with her.”
They drove three blocks before they saw Michael coming from the opposite direction heading home. Gabriel kept going. He didn’t know where he was going. He had hardly no money and he was committing a felony kidnapping. Two felony kidnappings. But he could not live with himself knowing his baby brother was living in such terror and for how long.
“Oh, Cher! My brother is gonna go stir crazy having a cast on his leg for six weeks!” Benny burst out turning to Lee with a surprised, but wary look.
Sam paid and made his way towards the exit. He glanced over to see if he might catch Lion Eyes' gaze again, but the man had his back to the counter folding a box for a customer’s donut order. Sam thought he might have to come to the Sweet Spot again very soon.
“I haven’t even finished discussing the secondary aspect of your healing.” Dr. Novak had had stubborn patients before, but Dean Winchester was trying his considerable patience.
He decided not to go in the Briefing Room too early. He didn’t know if anyone had regular seats they preferred and he didn’t want to step on toes on his first day. He went to his locker and tested his remembrance of his locker combination. He didn’t have anything on him to put in his locker, so he shut it and left. Surprisingly, no one else was in the locker room.
“Sure, but don't go far. I won’t be long.” Castiel turned off the engine, opened his door, grabbed the package and closed his door.
“Woohoo! I can't wait to get out of here!” Dean hooted. “I have to say, you were pretty much the best part of my stay here. Really.” He looked directly at Ezekiel. “Thank you, man, for taking care of me the way you did. Pulling me out of one of my panic anxiety attacks the way you did….Then, the...the…”
“Look at you both, my little warrior children. Battle scarred and wounded, but fierce, strong and beautiful.” He touched the bruised signs of their fight at school and smiled, then wrapped his arm around his brother in a hearty hug.
“The country will be good for them and for you. It’s quieter and you’ll be able to work on your book more.”
“Mon Ange, how’s your evening going?” Benny greeted him, pulling Castiel’s hand up to gently kiss the back of it. “I hope you’re still feeling hungry. He lifted the bag.
“I promise, we will talk about that, but it will have to wait for a weekend when we have much more time to spend together. It’s not something I can talk about easily,” Castiel rubbed his hand across his face, “but we will talk about it very soon.”
“I was hoping to run in and out without being seen. I don’t know if you’ve looked at your face in awhile, but it’s pretty fucked up.” Michael sat up tall to look at himself in the mirror. His left eye was swollen like a large spoon head was under his skin and he had a cut both over the same eye as well as under the eye. His lip was purple and had a large spilt on the bottom lip, and his swollen nose was reddish-purple.
“Dad, it’s such a great idea! I know Charlie will love it and Stevie, too! Tell them, Kaia, because I’m not going to explain it correctly, because I don’t really understand all that complicated computer circuitry and electronic stuff.” Emma’s eyes were alight with excitement as she ran to her backpack and began to dig for her sketchbook.
He was usually not the bubble bath kind of man, but once in a while he did enjoy a hot soak. This tub was almost decadent in its comfort and size. Castiel looked around at the bathroom. It was spacious but not too large. It had double sinks, floor to ceiling tile, a shower big enough for two, and heated floors. If he had designed it, he might’ve only changed the size to accommodate a bit more floor space and enlarge the shower somewhat. Dean Winchester might not have a lot of money, but he knew what comfort was.
“Yeah, that’s not coming off anytime soon,” announced Adam who had been scrubbing at the cherry stain on Dean’s abdomen and chest.
He was on his horse. Her name was Cienna. “Alright CeCe, bring em in girl. That’s it.” He patted her head softly and kissed her.
The tall nurse was busying himself adjusting Dean more suitably in the bed on some towels he had laid out beneath his patient. Dr. Novak glanced at the nurse’s name tag quickly.
“You’re right, Ben!” Sam could hear the excitement in Emma’s voice. “See, I told you my dad likes him!”
“I’ll pitch in,” Sam assured Dean, “plus I’ll order some cheesy bread and an extra large house salad.”
“Right, Dad. Because we all know you don't swear.” They ran upstairs shoving each other and laughing.:
“Mm? Oh, yes. I’d never let him be alone in it. He’s my baby brother. I practically raised him along with my cousin, older brother, and little sister.”
All three of Dean's companions were silent. None but Adam had realized the extent of care it was going to take to get Dean back on his feet.
“Pfft. Bother? Believe me, keeping my two from being bored and getting into things is no bother. I welcome the provided distraction and you’d be doing me a favor. Besides, you coming along will make everything easier. You’ll help even things out. Give us a nice even number. I like even numbers. Makes me nervous to have uneven numbers sometimes.” He looked up at Castiel sheepishly. “I kind of have a bit of OCD about certain things sometimes.”
Castiel soothed him with soft shushes, pulsing his hand in slow, steady rhythm to match the breaths, while firmly squeezing Dean in a hug around his shoulders.
!” Dean exploded. “She…” He felt tears of anger and relief washing over him and he didn’t think he could speak without bursting into tears.
“Jack, there are many reasons why an adult may not have told people that they are gay. For example, Dean and I’s father and mother think that being gay is wrong and bad. It doesn’t matter to them that we are good people, that we are their children or that what we do doesn’t hurt anyone. They don’t like it, don’t believe it’s OK, and they are always angry with us, try to talk us out of being who we are and never come to see us without calling us derogatory names or trying to change us. And that happens to many people, young and old.”
As they made the turn on to Cherry Street on their final drive around the school, Gabriel was on high alert looking for Mr. Lion Mane in the parking lot, but he didn’t see him anywhere. Feeling a bit bummed, before he turned onto Friend Street, he stopped to let a black Dodge Charger pull out of the parking lot.
“No, honey, you don’t have to be quiet about who you are or who you like. As far as talking about me, I’m still sort of thinking through that. For right now, I have no issues with anyone knowing I’m gay, but as far as going around and announcing it or talking about it in front of many people who are or may not be open to it, like perhaps some patients, I’m not sure. I think this is something we will talk about when we have our other discussion over the weekend.”
An understanding smile spread across the doctor’s face. Deep blue eyes shining back, he nodded, “I see. Well, Mr. Winchester has suffered two breaks—one on each bone of his lower leg. It’s not as bad as first thought. He’s a very lucky man. Luckily, the worst break is on the fibula, which is the smaller bone. The tibia, or shinbone, has a bit more than hairline fracture. The bones were still aligned, so no surgery was necessary to set them properly, just a slight manual manipulation on the worst break on the fibula ”
“Sure looks like it.” Benny said. “Uh, oh. Looks like The Doc’s kids must have been involved, too.” Benny pointed towards the doors and Dean could see Castiel just entering the building.
“Off to bed with you both. I’ll come tuck you in after I say good night to your uncle.” Castiel kissed the tops of their heads.
“Twins! We have another set of twins in town, too. Boy and girl as well. They’re in the high school side though.” She pointed left directing him towards the school. “Maybe they’ll get to know each other.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry if you feel it’s insincere or grudgingly given, because, believe me it’s not. I, in no way, want to diminish your sacrifice and service. I just have a problem with our country being involved in armed conflict in foreign countries that were begun through nefarious maneuverings of ruthlessly greedy politicians.” Gabriel shook his head. “People like me are the ones who have the arduous and heartbreaking task of trying to help you come to terms with and/or leave that part behind and try to become whole again.”
“Come in. Come in.” Dean backed himself up and pulled the door open all of the way. “Y’all just missed Sam. Might’ve passed him on the road. He has court early and needed to go home and work on his case. He’s really sorry he missed you.” Dean looked pointedly at Gabriel.
Castiel’s smile was gone and his laughter was gone. Terror was back in his eyes and he was screaming and kicking.
“I want to stay with you, Dad!” Jack grabbed Castiel’s hand. “I like staying at the hospital! It’s always so interesting.”
“Oh sweet child. You do know that you are allowed to feel? You deserve to feel. You are a sweet, tender Angel of a man who has had hardship and loss, and you cannot lock away your emotions hoping that pain and tragedy never touch you again. You can’t let guilt steal you living as a caring, giving, feeling, emotional human. Removing your humanity won’t remove this misplaced guilt you carry. Please, listen to me, Cassie. I will love you no matter whom you choose to love. Your children will love and adore you no matter whom you choose to love. What matters is not withholding your humanity and emotions because of guilt. There is some man out there who deserves the vast amount of love you can give. And more importantly still, there is a man out there who has vast amounts of love to bestow on you that you more than deserve. And don’t you ever let ANYONE tell you different, including that voice inside of yourself.”
Dean’s breath came a bit faster and more desperate. “Yeah. I don’t know why…” he tried to take another deep breath, but failed. It was shallow and quick. “I don't know why that doctor wouldn’t let me have him in here. It’s just...it's wrong!” He sat forward trying to catch a breath.
“Absolutely!” Castiel always encouraged Claire’s interest in photography and had even gotten her an old 35mm camera, similar to the one that Betta had given him, along with many accessories and lenses. She had a great eye and had taken to photography and art since she was small.
“Yeah, he’s annoying, has a strange bedside manner, and it’s like every time he came to see me, some other bad thing would happen.” Dean sulked. “I mean, the day he came into town, my bad luck seemed to start.”
Castiel nearly dropped the phone. He didn’t expect to hear a voice as deep as his. He wasn’t even fully aware of how deep his voice was anyway.
Benny, Dean and Lee seemed to be great, close friends. Benny and Lee took such gentle care of him when they picked Dean up to bring him home from the hospital. Though Castiel had spoken with Benny more, and Lee only briefly, he would definitely say if the two of them, he found Benny a bit more attractive. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but though Lee seemed nice enough, he had a completely different vibe that did not hold his attention like Benny did.
How was he going to come up with $50,000 in ninety days? What the hell was he supposed to do? His biggest  second moneymaker the last few years, Halloween, had just passed. He paid off some bills, paid a chunk of the mortgage and put some of it back into the farm’s Thanksgiving event fund, as well as daily farm operations. He needed to check with the bank on this. This wasn’t right. This couldn’t be right.
The porch lights came on as Castiel approached the stairs. He heard Miracle bark a few times and as he looked up, he could see movement inside through the cut glass door. By the time he got to the top, the door opened and Miracle bounded out to him. He bent down to pet her as she jumped up in his lap, rubbing her head and body all over him as she whined happily.
“Society and the world still have a long way to go, but hopefully, when you or Claire’s children grow up, they will only have to learn about the not-good things from history classes. You, Claire, Emma, Kaia and Clark, will continue the fight to make the world better for them. The more time goes on, the less each generation will be hurt by those who don’t know the right thing to do.”
“Yes, Honeybee, that’s right. I talked to him myself. He’s coming this evening. He’s supposed to meet us for dinner. Do you want Balti to come to dinner with us?”
“You are beautiful and one of a kind. Don’t regret any of this,” He kissed Castiel deeply and then looked into his eyes, “because I never will.” The color of his eyes was such a deep sapphire blue, but for the reflection off the desk lamp, Benny thought for a moment they were almost black.
“Oh, welcome back. I’ll be right back to get your orders after I place this appetizer order.” He placed a light hand on Michael’s.
“N-no. You just jumped topics and I was trying to figure out what topic you were speaking about.” Castiel shook his head to clear his thoughts.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Plutus. You must understand how difficult and emotional this has been on my brother.” Sam began trying to quash any ill will Dean’s quick temper was sure to bring on.
He wheeled himself into the bathroom to grab his crutches, brush his teeth and make sure he was semi-presentable. Miracle had been shadowing his every move, so he retrieved her harness and leash, and got her ready for being in public. He could see her immediately go into work mode even though he hadn’t given the signal yet. She might run off every now and then, but she was a great service dog and no one could ever tell him otherwise. He wouldn’t trade her for any other dog.
“Mmm, it is.” Castiel slowed the car to a stop. “People in the country and rural areas like this sometimes prefer to have bigger mailboxes when they’re houses are so far from the road and the mail person doesn’t always go up to their doors to bring packages. Usually, they have to go into town to pick them up.”
Dean didn’t know when the dizziness began to dissipate or his breathing became normal. He didn’t know when his body had actually relaxed.  And he certainly didn’t know at what point he had slipped his hands up to clasp Castiel’s hand between his two hands, fingers entwined, and to hold them against his chest under his chin. He just knew, he felt better more quickly than he’d ever had before and right now he just wanted to stay in this position for as long as he could.
“I am sorry he put you on the spot asking about calling you uncle. Sometimes his heart and enthusiasm overrule his mind thinking things through and his ideas spill forth, appropriate or not.”
“Yes, thank you, Principal Macleod. We’ve had enough things going bad this week, grades are one less thing I will have to worry about. This will help so much, so thanks.” Dean said sincerely. She merely nodded and waved them out.
Castiel had a difficult time focusing on the sheep after Jack’s pronouncement and his intrusive thoughts about his own pending announcement, but he’d be damned if he’d allow his selfish thoughts to intrude on giving his full attention to his son at this moment. He asked as many relevant questions as he could think of at the moment and tucked away as many answers as he could. He doubted he would remember them later, but he’d try.
So, now it was down to this past Thursday. The day the foreclosure letter arrived, though he was unaware until today. Thursday, the day he broke his leg, working to accommodate and make comfortable the doctor he’d heard not-so-nice things about.
“You OK?” Dean asked full of concern. “Let me look at you.” He held Ben away and turned his son’s face to either side checking for injuries. He could see a fading reddish mark on the side of Ben’s cheek and a bright red scratch welt across the side of his neck and shoulder. “You’ll live.” He hugged Ben to him again and ruffled his hair.
Amara smiled. “With the powers vested in me, I now pronounce you Husband and Husband. Everyone please give a round of applause to Mr. and Mr. Milligan-Novak! You may kiss your groom!”
“Can I get you some appetizers while your brother peruses the menu, or would you prefer to order now? I know the hostess told you our specials for the evening, but if you’d like, I can go back over them.”
“We will be sending an information packet home by Thursday, at latest, for who will be teamed up with whom, the charity or charities the students will be working to assist and any other pertinent information. There will be stiff penalties for any student not participating, to be determined at that time. It will be up to each individual team couple to come up with a schedule that works for both. It will be expected in the office, addressed: Attention Assistant Principal Mosley, Charity Work, bright and early first thing Monday morning before 9 am. It can be emailed. This information will be included in our information packet.” Ms. Mosley and Ms. Macleod consulted again.
She looked at her brother with raised eyebrows and then glanced at her father, then Jack and Claire again.
“I suppose you’ll need money from me and your father then. Very well. Just make sure he gets home at a reasonable hour; he still needs to stick to a bedtime schedule at his age. See your father for money before you go. I’ll be busy with some phone calls most of the evening.”
Castiel had taken his kids and left after that. He vowed that he would never let his parents see Claire and Jack again.
“It’s alright. I understand. I have a boy myself in his grade. Good luck.” She touched her fingers to her forehead, laughing.
Shit. Well looks like he has to call their suppliers in Pontiac, Illinois. He pulled out his phone and called the number.
Castiel patted his son’s hand that was still firmly tucked in his father’s large grip. He nodded to Dean, and smiled at Benny. Dean watched Castiel’s son scoot very close to Deputy Barker’s son, then watched as Clark very sweetly turned to smile at him and gently put his arm around the boy’s shoulder. Dean smiled softly. He remembered his own youth and a time when Lee did the same for him. He looked back at Castiel who was also smiling softly at his son, and gave Clark a fond nod, then looked at his daughter who had a hint of a smile on her bruised fat lip, her large blue eyes flashing defiantly and full of love. Dean glanced at Benny. He was watching Castiel. He had a look on his face that left Dean puzzled. His train of thought was interrupted when the principal began to speak.
“So help me, if you don’t help our baby brother, I will never speak to you again! You will be DEAD to me! DO YOU HEAR ME?! DEAD TO ME!” He shook Michael with all his might and punched him in the nose, watching his brother’s head snap back. He grabbed the shirt with both hands again and pulled him closer, still shaking him and yelling.
“Of course… Dean. And you can call me Cas and I’ll get your order on the list. I’ll even deliver it myself.”
“Might I assist you in your quest?” Benny patted Castiel on the chest a few times, moving his hands lower and to the sides and finally, to Castiel’s back, pulling him in for a kiss.
“Thank you for your very informative input, as always, Emma.” Rowena nodded to Claire. “Miss Novak, you may have the floor.”
Jack let out an ear piercing scream and began twisting, stomping and growling, reaching over his back to try to grab Ben. When he was unsuccessful, he stomped around and put his hands up like claws and went after Clark with Ben still clinging to his back.
They’d stayed that way another few minutes, until Dean’s breathing was normal and he slowly began to relax. Castiel felt Dean tighten his grip on the hand he’d been clasping like his life depended on it, and then slowly relax it. He felt Dean begin to lift his head, so he gently uncradled him and helped him sit upright. But Dean did not release his hand yet. Castiel rubbed Dean’s shoulder with his free hand.
“Alright, we’re going to help you stand, then you’ll turn to back yourself towards the cab, then back into the seat,” Ezekiel explained.
“Claire, that’s what we’ve been talking about for the last ten minutes! Dad’s right, sometimes you just zone out and don’t hear anything,”
Anna was cooing at Castiel and leaning back holding his hand. He was still laughing-crying and had begun shivering. Anna worriedly asked him if he was afraid or cold.
“Where are you going?” Michael yelled. “You need to do this right and stick with the plan. Turn around and go back home!”
“This,” Michael get rued to himself, the desk, the file and his parents. “This is a reckoning. This is me finally being an adult. A full, responsible, eyes-wide open, taking the reins adult.” He pounded his fist on his chest. “I’m not taking your gaslighting bullshit any longer! And I’m going to make damn sure that you can no longer pull the wool over my eyes and control and manipulate your own children in the most deplorable ways. No—” he stopped Naomi with a palm up, “I don’t care if I spoke vulgar, common words. Is that really what you care about right now? Really? You’re both worse than I thought.” He shook his head in disgust.
“Second, I discussed this with Mr. Lafitte already after Jack inquired.” He took a deep breath. “Though I am reluctant to say yes to this, because we have only known these people less than a week, they all seem to be decent people who love their families, whether blood related or found family. Mr. Lafitte comes highly recommended as a decent person by several people and Mr. Winchester even named his son after the man.”
Dean turned off his stereo and lights and went to open the garage. It would be easier and quicker on them all if he wheeled himself out to Benny’s truck. He saw Benny’s truck parked just outside the garage door and knew he had the same idea. He grabbed his house keys, picked up his crutches and brought Miracle out through the garage.
It was getting pretty late. The kids were tired and they didn’t want to go back home. It turned out, neither did Castiel. So instead, they watched a movie. Dean and Castiel made a palate on the floor for the kids. After a few hours, the kids were asleep. Dean and Castiel were still awake. They drank whiskey together.
Castiel was able to get out a barely acceptable “OK, thank you,” before, much to his annoyance, Gabriel continued.
“Claire’s right. Dad should have his pick first. Your dad already had more chances. It’s only fair. Uncle Benny gets our dad first. Not your dad.” Jack said matter of factly. “Plus your dad already had his turn with Uncle Benny and didn’t keep him. It’s our dad’s turn.”
“You’re not wrong. Trains today are a lot larger, but a hundred or so years ago, when steam locomotives were smaller, they could not only derail them, but knock ‘em clean off the tracks. And that was if the train just ran into one standing on the tracks. Of course, I was not around then, but there are stories from back then of angry bison deciding to take on a train and the train not faring so well, while the bison just walked away without a scratch.”
“That’s just like me, but different, Dad! We’re the same!” Jack smiled and hugged his father’s legs again.
Castiel tapped a light hand on the foot of the bed and smiled as he turned towards the door. “I’ll return in about 20 minutes or so. I’m Doctor Novak, by the way. Doctor Castiel Novak.” He winked at Dean and took his leave closing the door behind him. What was that?! Why did this doctor keep winking at him, and poorly at that. Dean’s sleep-blurred vision wasn’t fully cleared up yet, but he could see enough to know when he was being treated in a condescending manner. And by a doctor who couldn’t even wink without scrunching both sides of his face up before the one eye would wink. Worst bedside manner ever. What kind of doctor makes fun of their patient falling out of bed? Dean began to steam about that. Even more so than thinking about his leg being broken. Can’t be that bad anyway. Kids break their limbs all the time. No big deal. He suddenly became aware of Ezekiel unsnapping the sleeves of his hospital gown and beginning to lift it off. He moved his arm in a helpful gesture as the nurse gingerly grasped the very wet gown and started to roll it up from the bottom. This nurse is a pretty good-looking guy. Nice strong arms, and gentle, but firm touch. Dean looked up into the nurse’s eyes and gave him one of his sexiest smiles and nodded.
“If you’re polite, and stay to answer any questions Dr. Novak might have, I’ll lock up for you so you can head back to the house and play a few more games. Dr. Novak may still want to eat before they leave.” Benny offered.
“Though I don’t like to think of my children growing up so fast, maybe you’re right, Gabriel. But right now it’s …11:12! That’s way past time for us all to be in bed, and I know Uncle Gabe has work early in the morning again. We all need to get some rest.…”
“Oh, hey, Doc. You lost? Sorry, I didn’t expect to see you so soon after the shitty way I treated you.” Dean seemed remorseful and unsure of what to say next. “I’ve been having a trail of visitors and babysitters so often today, that it seems like I’m barely settled back down to work when the next one comes in.”
From the moment Castiel was born, the three older siblings and their closest cousin, Balthazar, always took delight in his wide-eyed innocence and love of everyone, and every creature he encountered, as well as the wiser beyond years words of inspiration and wisdom he’d spout almost daily, even when he was just learning to speak. Tender-hearted and loving, Castiel was an endlessly curious, creative, inventive, quirky tornadic handful, but the family cherished everything about him, even when he inadvertently caused mayhem and trouble. That is, until he was caught kissing his best friend. Even at the tender age of a just-turned-five-year-old, their parents decided to immediately put him into a ruthless program of conversion and reparative therapy, masturbatory reconditioning and aversion treatments. At the time, the siblings were kept in the dark as to exactly what type of therapy their cherished baby brother was undergoing. As they got older, they learned bits and pieces of the names of the therapy. Though the siblings barely knew what most of those terms meant, they only knew that their sweet little brother who’d never done anything to hurt anyone, was now depressed, lethargic, tearful, and completely shut down. He found no happiness or curiosity in anything. He stopped smiling and laughing. He cried alone in the dark far corner under his bed with his cat. However, their parents even took the cat away because their son wouldn’t just be happy and normal like other people's children, and they were trying to teach him to be happy with what he had.
“OK, I was going to ask you all if you wanted to come into town with me, but clearly Jack will be incapable of being in an enclosed area any time soon. I shudder at thinking what your bedroom smells like right now, and god forbid, what the bathroom will smell like later.” Castiel exclaimed with a scowl. “I should take those eggs away from you.”
“Yes, there it is,” he said with resignation. “I knew Gabriel couldn’t keep his mouth shut about anything.”
It was distressing to him more so at first. However, after talking about it with Lee and Benny, he realized it was just a series of circumstances that were similar to something they’d dealt with once before. Just like last time, he’d let Miracle be off-duty, to let her just have real dog time and run around and play. Unfortunately, this time, instead of running off chasing prairie dogs, it was Dean who accidentally left Miracle when he fell.
“I know you said you’d fax all this information to us, but could you tell us where this post office box is located? I’m having the feeling that it is not at our local post office.” Sam asked, pen at the ready.
Dean awoke slowly. He had great difficulty opening his eyes and his head felt like he had the worst hangover ever. He could barely focus on anything and blinked rapidly. He still couldn’t see anything; everything was a big blur. Why was he so groggy? God, his mouth felt like he’d eaten an entire bag of sand and cotton balls.
“Wait a minute! You’re really serious?” Gabriel’s blood ran cold. “Does this mean they could send people to kill us?”
of you. And you are strong and brave, because Jack and I could not be strong if we didn’t learn how to be from you.” She hugged her father tightly. “Does this mean we can all talk about ourselves and not have to keep anything about who we like a secret or anything? Even you too?”
“Wha—?  Pie! Hell, yeah!” Dean looked up at Castiel and pointed to the cabinet next to the refrigerator. “Hey, grab a couple of plates out that cabinet there.” He pointed. “Tea’s in the fridge in the pitcher.
She looked at Dean and Benny. “Mr. Winchester. Please follow the nurse and you can have a quick few minutes with Emma and Benjamin, as the other parents have had with their children.” She turned to Castiel, “Mr., uh, my apologies, Dr. Novak, please follow my secretary to the teachers’ lounge to see your two. The rest of you, the assistant principal will read your names and direct you to either the cafeteria or the auditorium. I’ll see you all shortly. Thank you.” She turned and went into her office.
“Well, that was uncomfortable…and random. Why in the world would she comment on our sunglasses?” Balthazar pulled his Wayfarers off and inspected them.
The librarian took a deep breath, rolled her eyes and stomped over to the door with a smile. She bent to undo the bottom lock, then reached up to do the same for the top lock, finally she turned the key in the lock and opened the door, furtively looking around outside.
“Yeah, it’s easy to slip with shears or clippers,” Benny told them, “that’s why it’s good to bring in a good professional to learn the right way to do it so you don’t hurt the animal and cause needless pain.”
“Wow, look at that sky!” Castiel gasped as they got to the middle of the street. “We had pretty sunsets in the city, but this is just magnificent.”
Emma put her index finger to her lips as they walked into the barn where the others were already looking at the sheep. There were two ewes and a ram. Both ewes were noticeably large in the abdomen.
Rowena Macleod had been principal at Chase County High School for just over five years. Though petite, she was formidable and students rarely got out of line. She was strict, but forgiving, friendly, but a task master. When students got out of line, there were always consequences, but she was not one for punishment. Disciplinary actions for fights usually resulted in counseling sessions and co-projects, with the students having to spend much more time with the person they had problems with than any of them would have liked, but often led to the forging of new friendships and at minimum mutual respect. Rarely, did those involved have ongoing issues. If they ended up not getting along in the end, they made sure it never came to a head on school grounds again.
Gabriel nodded respectfully. He thought he might find out about Mr. Lion Mane, but he didn’t want to keep Dean from his children.
He stuck the now blood smeared note on top of it all and closed the safe, re-swiping his card, turning the lock and running back behind the desk to enter a code in the recess in the big safe. He wiped the sweat off his brow as he ran back to the fireplace and stood impatiently tapping his foot as he looked at his watch. Gabriel could practically see the will for the safe to lower quicker oozing from Michael’s pores. He’d never in his life seen Michael this on edge. He was usually calm, cool and intensely collected to the point of almost being cold and emotionless. Yet, right now, he was almost twitchy, sweating profusely and near to trembling in his nervous worry.
“No! It’s nothing like that.” Dean rubbed his chin. “Look, I’m just frustrated and I’m tired of being cooped up in the house. I’m…I don’t know. Maybe I just need to get laid.”
Castiel watched as Dean’s smile lessened, then came back as a lopsided grin. He felt his own smile widen.
He decided he’d go try to take a bath or shower. He prepared everything and stripped off his clothes. He pulled out the waterproof cast protector cover. Try as he might he couldn’t pull it up over his heel. He tried wriggling, leaning over as far as he could, and finally, he tried using the hooked handle of an umbrella, which also failed. At that point he gave up. He was able to do it in physical therapy before he left the hospital, but this one was a different design from the one he had practiced with. Frustrated he threw it across the bathroom and gave himself a sponge bath with a washcloth and the use of three bath towels.
“It’s good to see you both again, though I wish the circumstances were better. I was just being slightly filled in by Deputy Barker here, who interviewed Claire and Jack.
Castiel closed his eyes and rolled his head back exposing as much of the area as he could without opening his shirt. He found his own hands searching and traveling down Benny’s back until they hit the waistline of his jeans. Try as he might to come upon an area loose enough for his hands to slide in and find flesh to touch, he could not. As Benny’s beguiling assault on his neck continued, Castiel reached over and began to shove their food as far to the edge of his desk as he could reach.
“You’re doing this part because a surly teen in a bus station is less conspicuous than a well-dressed college man.” He patted Gabriel on the shoulder. “You’ve always been a great actor. You love movies. This is the chance for your Oscar-worthy performance as a sixteen year old teenager up to teenage boy stuff. Get out there and break a leg.”
“Oh, that’s the way it is now?” Dean almost pouted. “Really, Man? I don’t need you being involved with my doctor, neither for casual sex nor a serious relationship.”
“Hurry in so I can re-lock until opening time.” She quickly rushed them in and pulled the door closed behind them, then locked the three locks. “Move away from the line of sight of the door, please.”
“Maybe when we get around the corner it will have made magic and be a big plane that we can get in and fly away in!”
He rubbed his hands over his face and eyes, then reached down and held Benny’s hand that was splayed across Castiel’s chest as the man still softly fondled and licked his subsiding erection. He laid his other hand on the top of Benny’s head, taking deep fluttering breaths as Benny hit the most sensitive spots with his tongue.
Castiel had busied himself unpacking after he had set up his wifi. He happily saw there was already a nice big screen smart tv placed prominently on the main wall of the sizable Barnhouse’s living room. He unpacked and set up his computer, small stereo and hooked up his DVR/DVD player. Then he started his favorite relaxing playlist and began unpacking his kitchen items and putting away his groceries and pantry staples.
“I’m going to have to go back to work until this evening, and Uncle Gabe is still on duty, too. I can bring you home to stay by yourselves until I get off, or you can come sit at the clinic with me.”
By Dean’s reaction, Castiel thought perhaps that since he was renting the barnhouse, that Dean did not allow dogs.
The sheriff’s office, the county jail, the fire station and emergency services were in the same complex, near the county roads division, and the hospital clinic was just across the street. He could easily drop in once in a while to see Castiel.
“Do you know how long ago our mother died? We never even met her. It’ll be fourteen years this May!” Sam could hear Claire’s ragged intake of breath. “Do you know how many people our dad had relationships with in almost fourteen years!?! ONE! One person! And I will NOT let you try to take this new one away from him just so
“I did have a light salad earlier to tide me over, but I certainly could use something more now.” He lied.
Castiel quickly returned back to Dean, placing his hand on Dean’s arm and soothing him with words. “Deep breathes. Listen to my breathing.” Castiel took in a long, slow breath, raising his shoulders and puffing his chest out to show Dean to do the same.
“Gabriel, I just really want to thank you, for coming back to be here for me, to give me strength and just make sure I, and the children, are alright. You’re always there when I need you and even when I don’t think I do. You’re the best brother anyone could ever have.” Castiel hugged his brother again as they walked out to Gabriel’s truck.
”If you get there before me, try to keep that tall handsome brother there long enough for me to meet him, and I’ll make up interrupting you now with an entire night or weekend of babysitting.”
Hearing this, Claire reached for Kaia’s hand as they caught up to Emma and followed the others out of the garage to head towards the barn.
dad can have another blue-eyed, tall, fit, dark-haired TOY to play with until he gets tired and another blue-eyed, tall, fit, dark-haired person comes along like a new toy, that he prefers to play with over my dad!”
Depending on how their day was going on patrol, and just in the off chance Sam could not do it, the two deputies said they’d try to make it back to shadow the kids in the truck back home as Ben took his first drive through town alone. Gabriel decided then and there to do anything in his power to make it back to possibly be able to meet Dean’s brother.
When all was set at the table and he’d refilled his wine glass, he sat down and put the dog’s chicken breast down. Obviously, the dog was as hungry, if not more so, than he was.
are definitely NSFW!” He heard Gabriel laughing. “Can I get an affirmative or negative grunt that you’ll be there around 7:25 or so? Jackie Boy, was asking.”
, you give me a call and I’ll be right over.” Benny instructed with stern concern. He leaned down and kissed him on the forehead and he lingered a little too long. Lee broke the moment.
“Excellent! I’m going to be coming out there soon with Anna and I expect great progress from you. You’re going to do just fine. Now go pour yourself a large glass of wine, draw a hot bath and soak in fragrant water while listening to some Mozart.”
The Old Stone Barn was doing well immediately after opening. Lisa taught yoga during the weekdays and had mini meditation retreats to help the business get off the ground in the beginning, drawing clients from five different towns around them. They had four weddings, seven receptions, and four miscellaneous parties the first year. They used the barn for holiday events as well. During the Christmas season, when people came to cut their own trees, they served hot chocolate, had pictures with Santa, hay rides, and sleigh rides when it snowed. Halloween and Thanksgiving saw them ushering in the fall with Pick Your Pumpkin, Haunted Hay Rides, games, trick or treating for the kids as well pictures with autumn themed backdrops. Their big attraction was the corn maze. The dream was coming along nicely.
“So Dad is like Mr. Winchester! Maybe we can get Dad a service animal, too! I would like him to have a service feline.”
how this was supposed to go! She had to think. She loved Uncle Benny and they always had a great time when he was there. She didn’t want Uncle Benny to be sad if he and Dr. Novak already liked each other. What if both her dad
“I know you do.” Castiel smiled fondly, and plopped down on his back next to his son. “You’ve called them that since you could speak.”
“Since neither of you can just shut up long enough for me to get your attention, here,” he shoved the file towards them, “why don’t you open that, look at it, then when you’re pondering how I got copies of those, and more importantly, where the originals are now, because they’re not where you think they are any more, then, then, maybe YOU WILL SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO ME!” He folded his arms and leaned against the bookcase behind him.
“There. See. You’re good.” Castiel pressed Dean’s head to his chest, fingers stroking through Dean’s hair, rocking him almost imperceptibly. “Breathe.” He whispered into the soft, short locks. “We’re going to be ok. I’ve got you.” He rocked Dean more and laid a gentle kiss to the top of his head as he gently squeezed him close.
“No, Jack, go on ahead. I’m just going to find out about costs, building requirements and other things that I’ll need to assist you with.”
He cleaned up the bathroom floor of water and towels the best he could and went to  feed Miracle. Usually at this time of night he was goofing off with the twins, playing video games, practicing their guitars or watching a movie. He went around to turn out some lights and dimmed others. He picked up a beer from the fridge, grabbed his guitar and rolled over to the stereo to put on some vinyl. Lynyrd Skynyrd. He’d just play along to some songs for a while.
“Oh, my god! That’s right! It’s called Gabriel’s Sweet Spot. Huh.” Sam turned to look back at the empty driveway. “Well, I’ve got to meet him.”
After completing x-rays, they wheeled Dean to a room while Adam carefully looked over the X-rays. It was bad, but not as bad as he first thought. No compound fractures breaking the skin, but both his tibia and fibula had breaks. Thankfully, there were no extraneous bone fragments. Just a hard, clean break on his fibula and what appeared to be a crack fracture of his tibia. If only the new physician was here already. He’d never handled a lower leg break on his own, but he’d assisted. Nervously he gathered the X-rays together with Dean’s chart and headed down the hall to the patient rooms.
Gabriel would never forget what Michael did for Castiel, Anna and him. It was the first time in a long time he’d seen Michael do something completely and utterly selfless. He never forgot how it changed his brother, and he never wanted to see another family’s children torn the way his family was that day.
“That’s great,” Clark said smiling through a slightly frightened and baffled expression. He whispered close to Jack, “but I thought you said he didn’t know you were gay?”
“Well, I most certainly will. Thank you again.” Castiel began to head towards the door. “Is there anything I can help you with or get you before I head home?”
He placed the pan in the sink, and quickly put away the ingredients as he popped his bread in the toaster. He could hear footsteps and loud muffled giggling and screams from upstairs, telling him the kids were awake. He made his coffee, grabbed the organic fresh fruit spread he bought at a roadside stand, plated his eggs, toast, grapes and orange, and was about to sit for his breakfast when he saw Little Missy watching him intently. She licked her lips as he looked at her.
“Hey, Boy.” Castiel knelt and softened his voice. Obviously, this dog was abandoned and frightened. It had been lightly raining for the past hour and Castiel noted the completely muddy state of the poor, wet animal. He presented the back of his hand to sniff and gently coaxed and cooed until the dog decided he was friend and not foe. Finally, Castiel was able to get the dog inside and was immediately rewarded with a big, wet kiss and muddy paws all over him. He laughed and decided he’d quickly give the dog a bath, because who knew if this dog was the type to jump on furniture. His dinner would have to wait.
Castiel used a gentle, but firm hand and began to press against Dean’ s chest. He mimicked the breathing rate he was trying to get Dean to copy.
“Yeah, I’ve got my theories about that now,”Gabriel said as he pulled his own sunglasses off. “She and Dad lie so much, that they want to know if everyone lies as much as they do.”
“I told you I don’t know. Though I’ve been told a lot, and enough to know that there’s certain, not-so-savory things I need to learn in order that I be able to take the reins if anything happened to Mom and Dad, I haven’t been told everything and won’t know more until I’m twenty-one. Then, only if I’m “deemed worthy.” Michael turned to look at all the files piled on the bed. “I think stealing the files and information will take the “worthy” option off of the table. So who knows what my future holds now? At least I’ve already got my Trust Fund. I already checked that when I first got it to see if there were ever anyway possible they could ever take it from me, and barring insanity, the answer is no.”
After everyone was settled, it was less than five minutes before Principal Macleod and Assistant Principal Mosley came in. Ms. Macleod pretty much reiterated what she had said in the auditorium, squarely placing the blame of the altercation on the shoulders of the trio that had bullied Jack.
“Well, first of all, yes, hospital policy that all patients be wheeled out to meet a waiting vehicle upon discharge. Second, I’d love a picture of you getting yourself up your front stairs and inside by yourself, on crutches, in a long cast where you can’t bend your knee.” Adam grinned, but the smile did not reach his eyes. “I think you might be back here tonight getting another cast, either on your other leg or on an arm or hip. Then you’d be in here a lot longer than you have been already.”
Castiel sighed, "You'll have to have someone else do the work. No excuses! If you do not do as I say and stay off the leg until enough time has passed for them to knit back together properly, you can do serious long term damage that will most surely result in a permanent limp, possible constant fatigue, the affected leg being shorter which in turn, can result in back pain issues and foot pain issues, just to name a few things that may occur if you do not follow my instructions for your healing process . Also, in the end, if you do not follow the course of care, you may find you won't be able to do anything for a much longer period because you’ll be spending more time healing further damage you’ve created from not listening. You need to be off your feet." Castiel warned sternly.
Dean liked when his house was full and he was making sure people were well fed. He preferred doing it himself and from his feet, but as long as the kids were helping reach the upper cabinets, everything was good. He looked around the large table. It was filled with teenagers, friends and family, and though Sam was not there, and he had no one special to his heart by his side, it was times like this that made him happy.
“I know it’s been a very long time, but I thought you said you were going to stop crossing that line with her, your co-worker. The person you always end up getting yourself in some kind of trouble with?” Sam shook his head and blocked Dean’s getaway path back into the house. ”Last time I had to deal with you two getting intoxicated and getting picked up for public nudity, you’re lucky you were in Chase County. I’m not dealing with that again. You two do not need to be together that way. What is it with you two? Every bad trait comes out when you and Pam get sauced together.”
Castiel awoke to the soft sound of thunder in the distance. It was still dark, but there was a noticeable chill in the room. They really hadn’t needed the heater yet, but the temperature had dropped considerably. He rolled over and checked the weather on his phone. It was after 3am and the weather radar showed that it had been raining lightly since around midnight. It was 45° outside and felt only slightly warmer than that inside. The temperature had dropped twenty-four degrees overnight.
“You got that right. Ben and Emma are going to love working here after school. They can do their homework here too.”
Then came the Thursday of the diagnosis and the Thursday of her death. Dean’s life reverted to semi-chaos, nightmares and desperation again, but this time he had the anchor of his twins to keep him steady, to keep him from sailing over the edge of the earth, even though once in a while, he’d get closer to that edge than he’d like to admit. Miracle had been there for him though. Miracle, who had come to them, as a puppy, when The Colonel was still alive. Mirry, who trained to become a service dog when they noticed she was mothering the twins, and The Colonel as he aged. Miracle learned quickly, whether it was due to learning from Colonel or natural mothering instincts.  Dean loved her even through her disappearances that would have invalidated her service dog designation had anyone ever found out.
“Way ahead of you Bucko, we’ve been dating for a few weeks now. His brothers are great. Dean is a cattle rancher and Adam is a nurse who works at the hospital. Oh and Dean has two kids of his own so maybe if you come to visit, Claire and Jack could make some friends.”
“Oh, we’ve already told Cassie that you’re not making him go back and that we’re having a small party for his welcome home tomorrow, so you need to buy a cake, get a bouncy house or something, have some of his favorite foods, and a few wrapped presents. I’m not kidding.” Michael demanded.
“That’s so very sweet. No wonder she’s got that tough exterior. The Doc never remarried?” She looked at her watch. “The buses will be starting to line up as we make our loop.”
“Oowww! Idiot!” Emma shoved him hard enough to make him stumble backwards several steps and bump into the first aid cabinet. “That was right on my sore spot!” She rubbed the side of her face.
“Dad, this means we have to get a dog now.” Claire demanded. “You can’t get us acclimated to a new furry family member and then just yank her away from our impressionable, growing young minds, nor devastate our tender still developing psyches.”
“Okay, let’s get these bones set and your brother in a cast.” Dr. Novak smiled as he turned to the other two men. “We’ll need you to go to the waiting room so we can get to work.”
“I promise I’ll stop trying to break them up, but if they ever break up themselves, I will definitely try to get him and dad together, because I know dad likes him!” Emma added.
“OK, let’s go get some breakfast!” He turned to the edge of the bed, stretching as he stood up. He did a Sun Salutation and few other quick stretches as his little companion bounced around him, excited for food.
“Claire’s right. He did make dad very happy and he was very nice to Claire and I. He even told us we should get the best milkshakes in the state. I like Uncle Benny a lot, too.” Jack said seriously.
“Wow! You guys didn’t have to do this,” Dean looked around at everyone and raised his arm to pat Pamela’s arm as she gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
“Face it, Love, even the psychiatrists say that they have less than a twenty-three percent success rate and that goes down the more time passes. You don’t get to enjoy watching your last child grow up if he’s not around anyway, and you can blame all his wrongs on his siblings and cousin. You can have the fun without the bother. We’re not losing anything, at least not monetarily. He never asked for anything beyond what they’d already get if they were decent children living a normal life. Let it go. Live with the knowledge that we can take comfort that our oldest will be ready to run things when it’s his time.”
“That’s why we had four different deputies here, to interview the different students. We didn’t want anyone we were related to interviewing our own children.” She grimaced, pulling out her report notepad. “Right now, it’s a case of he said, she said. But nobody was severely injured. A black eye, a few bloody lips and a bloody nose or two. Some scrapes and minor abrasion, a stomped on foot, a hurt jaw that was apparently the student’s own fault, as they were showing bravado and turned abruptly into the shoulder of another student, an elbow to the gut, minor hair pulling and a lot of name calling and obscenities. No weapons, no life threatening or severe injuries.” She put her notepad away. “EMTs checked out all involved. Three bandaids, five ice packs and one topical antiseptic to one student’s face.”
“Yes. I will return immediately with your dog,” Castiel took the glass from Dean, washed it out and placed it in the drain rack.
“We’ll get them out Adam. I promise. Just like Gabriel said. We’ll get them out.” Adam buried himself in Michael’s arms.
They moved the house onto their original land and began the process to add it to their farmhouse, which was taking a lot longer than expected. After the initial house move, setting on the new foundation and tie in to their existing home, they eventually decided to put finishing the inside of it on the back burner for a while until they got the barn renovated, and the business up and running. They removed a few out buildings around the barn that were in poor condition, and began converting the barn to a special events venue immediately. Dean was working at the firehouse full time, doing renovations in his off time, helped by Benny and Lee. It was almost six months before the barn transformation was complete, and up and running for events.
Castiel turned as he got to the door, “I’ll call if I’m delayed for any reason. Please behave while I’m gone.”
“Oh, don’t worry Uncle Gabriel, you’ll still be our favorite uncle, but I like Uncle Benny,” Jack informed his uncle. “And Ben and Emma call him Uncle Benny, so I keep forgetting and calling him Uncle Benny, too.”
“Balti-zar?” Castiel asked tearfully, still trying to calm down. Anna smiled at him when she saw his grimacing smile. He was trying so hard to be brave.
“I’m NOT scared! I’m good at not being scared! Right Gabriel? I’m good, aren’t I?” Castiel pulled Gabriel’s hand, pleading.
His stomach growled. He hadn’t eaten since very early this morning when he got up to begin the long drive to this…this nowheresville of a town. Even while “in town” at the clinic, he hardly saw too much of a town. Granted his mind was preoccupied with a mental list of things he needed to get done before he picked up Claire and Jack from his brother Gabriel’s house tomorrow evening.
“Well, let’s not jump ahead too fast, kiddo,” Gabriel advised. “This is the first time your father has ever dated a man, and just because someone really likes, and even dates someone, doesn’t always mean that they are compatible for a lifelong relationship. Sometimes people have to meet and see several, or even many people, before they find the one they really want to spend their lives with.”
“Of course!” Dean said happily. “Of course. I always like to encourage creativity and cooperative effort. Alliances and lasting friendships are built that way.”
When everything was finally ready, it was time to watch the movie. Castiel had picked a newer one. It was Mulan on Disney plus. The kids had been wanting to see it so he bought it for them.
Dean reached up to tentatively take the card. “Nothin’ to apologize for.” Dean shook his head at him without breaking eye contact.
Castiel was so lost in visions of Dean, riding a wave of want, need, and a three month self-imposed celibacy, that he almost felt shattered when he came, and he moaned so loud at his final release that he startled himself.
Mouth suddenly beyond desert dry, he licked his parched lips and looked longingly at the dark pink plastic and styrofoam container. He could hear the ice shifting in the water as it melted, mocking his thirst. He renewed his shifting efforts and then leaned as far over as he could.
Usually, after having a long self-gratification session, the final ones took a while longer to reach climax, but the combination of scent,  the sounds of the “tent scene” rutting coming from the television, and the vision of the blue eyes, all served to bring him to an almost instantaneous all encompassing orgasm. He lay there for several minutes, cum all over his chest, just staring at the ceiling again overwhelmed by the intensity.
Castiel let out a light sob, then pulled his head back and began to kiss Benny once again, much more passionately than before. Both of their movements became increasingly more urgent. Castiel pulled away enough to once again work to open Benny’s fly. He lay his face against Benny’s chest and inhaled the scent of his warm masculinity. The smell of soap, light hint of perspiration and lingering scent of outdoors clung to his torso. Castiel trailed kisses up to a nipple and bit lightly until it was a hard bud.
Castiel toweled the dog off as much as possible and dug in the box on the floor labeled “Bathroom.” He pulled out the blow dryer and a large toothed comb and began working on the furry creature. The dog sat obediently, all the while wagging her tail. Castiel was impressed and began saying common dog names trying to see if the dog responded to any. Even though the dog was in such a sorry state, she seemed to be perfectly healthy. He'd have to ask around and try to see if she still belonged to anyone.
“I guess I’ll have to wait for him then to answer any questions,” Ben said in a somewhat sullen way.
So virtual school it is. The kids liked it. They could go to school for a few hours and then help out at the shop.
“Mr. Winchester? You’re Ben and Emma’s parents correct?” She looked down at her papers before they could correct her. “You are Dean?” She glanced at Dean and he nodded. She wrote something down, then looked at Benny. “And you are Sam?”
“Add Benny to that one, too. We’ll get three of those too. By the way, what does your dad like?” Dean asked Jack and Claire.
Sam needed to eat. He grabbed one of the granola bars and took a bite. He felt sick. He needed to lay down and rest. He was going to make himself throw up if he didn’t stop stressing.
Emma looked at her uncle suspiciously. Why were he and Dr. Novak so buddy-buddy? How’d Dr. Novak know phrases Uncle Benny used? She didn’t like it. It wasn’t that she had anything against either her Uncle Benny or Dr. Novak, she loved her Uncle Benny almost like a second dad. And she liked Dr. Novak, but she wanted Dr. Novak for her dad, not Uncle Benny. She elbowed her brother. He seemed to have no idea why she was elbowing him. She’d have to explain later.
“OH! Hhhh! Ssss!” Castiel wasn’t able to make words, though he tried. The things Benny was doing to him with his mouth and fingers ripped coherent speech from him.
It took two months to actually get everything set up. Adam and Michael didn’t want to have to wait but it was worth it because they wanted to make it special.
Outside, everyone was taking their seats. Amara stood at the front. She could see the crowd of people who loved Dean and Castiel. The Wedding was taking place at the Barn. As in
“OK, plan. We’re going to go in two cars. Balthazar, can take Cassie and Anna, because he’s always liked your Porsche.” Michael planned out loud. ”Gabe and I’ll take my car. We’re going to drive to put our original files in a safe place and pick up just one set of copies that we’ll—that I’ll use to show them that I have leverage, do the deed. Then we’ll meet you all back at Showtime Pizza Place.”
“I’m glad, because it’s dark and kinda creepy out here when the sun goes down,” Claire observed from the back seat as she was scrolling through her photographs.
Benny came by for lunch and brought down the boxes Dean needed from the attic and the top of the closet. Dean was able to go through the boxes without being as emotional as he thought he’d be. It actually was somewhat cathartic. He found her keys in her purse. He looked through the keys and found what he supposed was the key. Turning it over he saw the words: USPS Do Not Duplicate and a series of numbers. One less thing to worry about. One step closer to finding answers.
“Here’s your brother.” She smiled coquettishly at Michael as she placed the menu down in front of Gabriel. “Let me know if you all need anything special.” She pulled a pad and ink pen out of her pocket, scribbled something on it quickly and placed it discreetly in Gabriel’s hand as she walked away with a wink at Michael.
Dean raised his eyebrows. “It might surprise you, because I know not everyone knows that, but unfortunately, or fortunately I guess, I have had plenty of experience with both, so I am one of those who knows that.” He smiled, realizing his statement might have sounded condescending and added, “I owe psychologists and psychiatrists a lot, and this girl here, too.” He looked down and smiled at Miracle.
“Because somebody’s gotta be, and everyone knows you’re not gonna be.” Benny opened the door to the truck and told Miracle to hop in. “Front or back? I think back will give you a more comfortable ride.”
“Now, Mr. Winchester, I received your messages and looked into our records, and to be honest, I really thought it was a pointless endeavor. After all, any accounts your wife may have had would have been settled after her death.”
The nurse’s calm, soothing tone rumbled in his ears in an almost whisper. He felt another warm hand softly run down his hand and felt the “shh, shhh” wash over him. It oddly brought Dean back from the edge.
“I do understand. I have twins myself.” Castiel interrupted with a nodding smile as Dean jerked his head to check for the truth.
The sun was so hot. He was running out of water and they weren’t close to the temple yet. Someone gave him water. He drank some and gave it back. They kept walking. It would take hours to get to the temple and it was getting dark now. They would have to make a camp and sleep there for the night and then start walking again in the morning.
Eventually he half sat up, imagining what an image he’d present if anyone had actually been watching him.
“Oh, no. For a short time when they were newborns I did. Our cousin Balthazar, too. Cassie was having a difficult time. But, no, he’s lived alone with them for most of their lives.”
“But now you can be happier, Dad. After all, Claire and I are growing up and we want you to have someone to be with that makes you happy in your old age. We don’t want you to be old and alone.” Jack looked up and beamed at his father.
Castiel could not understand what he was doing wrong. He was doing it exactly as he practiced with nurse Ezekiel. He got closer and put one arm around Dean’s shoulder to try to get him to loosen up, still breathing deep, calming breaths for Dean to copy.
He made sure that he arrived in plenty of time before the morning briefing to speak with the desk officer and find out the best time and place to present his confections. He was being advised not to put them out until after the meeting if he wanted Sheriff Mills to get the special ones, when the sheriff walked up.
“I’m going to take your blood pressure now and your temperature. Please place this under your tongue.”
“Hello, thank you for calling The Garden of Eden, this is Castiel Novak speaking. How may I help you today?”
“Ok, you two.” Castiel called as he softly touched Benny’s shoulder and crossed to the office door. “Let’s get this over with. Who knew that the country would corrupt the city kids?”
It was just after 9pm when the deputies rang the front doorbell. Deputy Barker could tell that Gabriel was a bit disappointed in missing Sam Winchester, but still ribbed him about it.
Dean started to back up and try to turn around in his wheelchair, hoping to exit the auditorium before everyone else so he would not be in the way; however, all the other parents seemed in such a rush to leave that he was already blocking most of the aisle. He just spun himself back around to park himself back to where he was next to the row his family was in. He really felt awkward and useless in the wheelchair. He didn’t know how he was going to make it five more weeks.
Dean drunkenly told his life story without meaning to. He told him about how his father beat him with no provocation. He told him how Lisa had not only mentally and emotionally abused him but physically abused him too and also baby-trapped him. He never laid a finger on her. Ever.
Ezekiel pulled out the t-shirt and stretchy, slightly baggy flannel casual pajama pants. They were a size or two bigger than his normal size, Dean observed. They must be a pair of Sam’s. Well, at least they’d fit over the cast so he could get home in actual clothing instead of with his ass hanging out of a backless hospital gown since they’d had to cut his jeans off him when they brought him in.
After Claire and Jack had their showers, came down to get water and say their goodnights, Castiel was still mulling things over in his head. He poured himself one more glass of wine and made his way up to his bedroom. He decided to take Balthazar’s advice and take a hot bath. He put on some music, lit a few candles, drizzled some his favorite fragrant oils in the bath and lay back in the hot silky water with his glass of wine.
Castiel tiptoed and kissed his brother’s cheek, then ran off across the lawn to retrieve his plane. “Yes, watch me, Gabriel!”
Gabriel turned to look down and say “maybe and we can do loop de loops,” but all that came out was a sobbing groan as he saw a grimacing fake smile on his baby brother’s face and abject terror in his now dark eyes. And he did it. He reached down and scooped his brother in his arms and just began running. He couldn’t see. He just was running, running, just as he had in his fantasy. He kept running, even as he bent down and grabbed the plane as they ran by it when Castiel yelled, “my plane!”
“Of course, kiddo, anytime I spend with you guys is a great day. Also, today I finally found out who the handsome man I keep seeing around town is, so maybe I’ll finally get to meet him!”
“Oh, I’m sorry, Uncle Gabe,” Jack said on seeing the surprised look from his uncle, “I just figured Dad would’ve told you.”
They followed him into their father’s home office. First, he went to the fireplace that was directly across from the desk. He opened the fire screen and reached in one side of the firebox. They heard a click. He did the same to the opposite side, then bent down and did the same to either side of the large granite slab that was the raised front hearthpiece. He bent and pulled up on the hearth and easily shoved it to one side, revealing an empty rectangular cavity. Anna and Gabriel peeked in to see nothing but what looked like more cement or granite.
I, Dean Winchester, take Castiel Novak to be my wedded husband , to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
“It would be a bad idea to move you right now Dean. Please stay awake for me.” Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand.
“I was- I was trying to get comfortable, and was really thirsty and I needed the bathroom, then I started to run to the bathroom and I began to fall. As soon as I got out of bed, I…I… just began to fall, I guess I knocked things over and onto the floor and- and myself. S-S-Someone tossed cold water all over me, all over me.” Dean rubbed his eyes in despair and threw his hands in the air, frustrated.
“It was nice to meet you. I must cut this short or my son will never forgive me if he has to walk in class after everyone else is in there already.”
Still drunk, he gently woke up Castiel. “Hey Cas, why don’t we go sleep somewhere more comfortable?”
Castiel watched Dean as he read the card. He watched micro-expressions of amusement, momentary confusion, understanding, and more amusement flash across Dean’s face as he sometimes furrowed his brow, sometimes nodded with a growing smile.
It was a warm day. There was a breeze. People were out and about in the shops and on the sidewalk. It seemed everyone was enjoying the day outside.
“Uncle Benny!” Ben came running up to him. “You should’ve seen me kickass on MarioCart! I was almost unbeatable.”
Sam nodded and he even leaned his head against Gabriel’s. Adam was distraught and Michael was comforting him.
Gabriel went to wash his hands in the restroom and give them some time. Michael hardly ever seemed to get to date guys. Their parents seemed to always have him going to different corporate or country club events with dates they’d set him up with. They never resulted in relationships and rarely second dates, yet their parents still pushed girls on their eldest son. It wasn’t that Michael had no interest in the fairer sex, on the contrary, he had told Gabriel that he admired them immensely, and had been with his fair share of them, he just preferred men. He confided that he didn’t mind dating women or having sex with them at all, but he always felt he was missing something. Gabriel couldn’t really understand that. He loved girls and guys equally, though he had only had sex five times in total, but everyone was different, so he’d help his older brother when he could.
He turned to the kitchen and got out the eggs, fresh spinach, cheese, butter, an orange, some grapes, some fresh shaved deli ham and the fresh baked bread he loved. He didn’t usually drink coffee with his breakfast, except on the weekend mornings. After he started his coffee, he grabbed his medium sized frying pan and put butter in the pan to heat. He broke several eggs in a mixing bowl, poured in a small amount of milk, scrambled it to a nice froth and poured it into the hot pan. He pinched several fingers full of shaved ham and tossed them in with the eggs. He quickly stirred the ham and eggs, before tossing in a handful of fresh spinach and finally, a handful of cheese. He gave it all one last stir before dumping the entire contents on a platter and putting a pot lid on top.
“OK. That’ll be three cups of gelato. One Berry Legal Raspberry, one Berry Legal Strawberry and one Hint of Mint Choco-lot. All Playing It Safe. That’s plain,” the young clerk whispered with a wink.
“Bye, Balthazar. Love you, too.” He could hear Anna and Balthazar say their goodbyes and the car door closing.
“We’ll throw in a vegetarian or two. I forgot about the two deputies.” Dean counted on his fingers. “Wow! We better get the order ASAP so the pizza place can get started on our pizzas. That’s a big order!”
“Dean, follow the light with your eyes.” He said as he moved it back and forth. Dean tried to focus on it.
Benny did not answer right away. He thought about his conversation earlier with Castiel when they were in the office hall waiting for the children. They had discreetly held hands, and Castiel’s stomach growled. He explained that he hadn’t gotten to eat lunch because he’d had an emergency to deal with just after noon. He’d not had time to eat anything after helping his patient whose arm had been broken while tending a bison, before the school called. Benny had asked him if he could stop by the hospital with a meal for them to share, shortly after five. Castiel quickly smiled and said yes. He wouldn’t get off until seven. He had planned to order pizza for Claire and Jack already, so that would fit nicely with their planned family time when he got home. Benny figured Castiel’s planned family time went out the window as well.
“The number one thing you must adhere to is that you must stay completely off of your feet for at least three weeks. I mean no walking, no hopping, not even using crutches to go from one side of your house to the other. Bed to bathroom only if necessary and only using crutches with your broken leg held completely off the floor with absolutely no weight put on it. And definitely, no driving, no going shopping, and no work, as any heavy labor is absolutely out of the question. No excessive standing or putting pressure down on the leg in any way shape or form before a full six weeks has passed. You understand? No using your leg for at least six weeks!” Dean had stopped chewing and was just staring aghast at the doctor.
“Here, go ahead.” He said, slowing down quickly, pointing to the small hills surrounding the lake. Before the car came to a complete stop, Claire had the door open and had jumped out at a run as Castiel knew she would.
As Castiel headed down the stairs to the kitchen, he stopped by to peek in on Claire,  then Jack, on the way. The dog kept pace just a heel step behind and to the side of him. Castiel had never really been a dog person, and had only had one dog when he and his brothers were very young, so he did not have much experience or knowledge, but one thing for sure, this girl was extremely well-trained, and of good temperament. He was sure that if she still had a family, they must be besides themselves with worry.
John was a stubborn asshole. He sat in the living room by himself the whole time and muttered to himself how his sons were ruined.
After running back to add to their newly copied documents to their hidden files, they stopped by the makeup store and got complimentary conceal and contour foundation tutorial makeovers with the purchase of the products. They had to stop the makeup artist from trying to convince Gabriel to use mascara and from attempting to get Michael “to at least try lipstick.” They had to keep reminding him that they were going for their natural look, hoping no one could tell they had makeup on at all.
