He went to bed feeling a bit better anyway.
“That is what you said last time, Master Stark, and then you left before signing. If you leave them unsigned again I will send them to Hogwarts by howler.”
"I can find the way back."
There was a lot of pontificating that Tony didn’t listen to, but at the end of that speech Steve got off with time served and a dishonorable discharge. And that was bullshit, it should have been honorable, but honestly he wasn’t going to argue. He wanted to shout and to fist pump. He settled for punching Bucky in the plastic upper arm and that hurt his knuckles just a bit. Bucky turned and pounded him on the back with the arm shaped stick in return. And then they were free to move and they fought their way through the crowd towards Steve and Rhodey.
"Give me twenty four hours to be happy, ok? I'm sure I can dredge up some righteous indignation at your antics in due time. Maybe you can explain to me again how you value coffee over life itself, that should get old after a day or so."
Bruce was referring to his coworker in Leiden, one of the two people he was allowed to drag up on the stage with him during the defense.
They lay there staring at each other and smiling sappily while trying to catch their breath. Steve caught it first, of course.
“You have another squad of about 20 coming in at 4 o’clock. Blow up that bridge to slow them down and then get the communication center. It’s between those huts near the wadi.”
“Or, I may skip the part where I try to talk to Fury, because he is just going to keep hiding whatever he wants to hide until he thinks I need to know, and I'll go straight to hacking into his systems again. Too bad that JARVIS doesn't have the bandwidth right now to pull that off. I really, really want to know what went down with Widow and Hydra this morning. Last night. Whatever.”
"Near Caerleon."
the Levitation Charm, and Steve lost control of it again. He quickly cast the
“Couple of months ago they interviewed Obadiah Stane about the future of the weapons industry and S.I. He mentioned you coming of age and reaching out several times, but apparently you are lost in ‘personal pursuits in Europe with the money you inherited’. So  S.I. was going to look into officially removing you from the company. You didn’t know this?”
“I think we’re ready for a test drive, today!” Tony’s eyes were gleaming. Steve smiled at him helplessly.
"Was?"
"What?" said Steve, not understanding.
“Told you he had a temper,” Tony grinned at Steve, while Clint went grumbling to the kitchen counter. He pushed Steve towards his room and when there, he tossed him the bathrobe he always used and a clean towel. “Get out of those clothes and put this on. Meet me in the hallway when you’re done.”
"Good. I think it's time to get the lights out, don't you? Give me a flashlight." Cecilia dug into her pack for a good 5 minutes while Steve tried to keep a lid on his impatience. She handed him one. At least it seemed to work. Small blessings.
“What happens if you don’t?’
"We need to get back to Malibu" Tony started, "I need to run the guy’s reactor-"
"I am going to even the odds and toss some of these guys back overboard. I'll try to meet you at the cabin, but if not, I'll see you on the heli pad."
“No way do you know the words to that!”
He swung himself onto the helipad and stalked towards the helicopter.
Steve spluttered.
“You don't get enough of that looking in the mirror?” Tony asked.
Before the boy could answer there was a shout from below where two identical teenage boys with lanky black hair were looking up impatiently: "Hey squirt! Get a move on. We wanna go see dead people!"
“I did. Snug as a bug in a rug.”
Tony wrapped his hand around the back of Steve's head and pulled him in for a kiss. Steve, as always, knew just how Tony wanted to be kissed. This one was tender but insistent and it felt like coming home. It felt like catching your first breath after swimming under water for just a little too long. The softness of his mouth melted Tony's spine and he turned around and wrapped his arms around Steve's neck for support. Steve slid his hands down to cup Tony's ass. The pressure of his large, warm hands made Tony moan a little and Steve deepened the kiss, sliding his tongue into Tony's mouth, where Tony wanted it. Tony slid his leg between Steve's thighs and pushed his erection against his hip, needing the pressure already. Needing to be closer. Steve pulled his mouth away and Tony made a incoherent noise of protest.
Tony stretched across the floor, found a gauntlet, and heaved it up with a grunt.  Clearly it was heavy.
get a new PA.  I can't handle you and the company and all its subsidiaries and all of the media nonsense you generate."
Donner shuddered a little as the afterbirth came out, but he was clearly more interested in examining his baby, checking her hands, counting her toes, smelling her head, smiling at her bright, staring eyes.
Steve swallowed and felt a cold tinge on his cheek. "Let's hope," he hummed.
Tony's mind wandered back to Natasha and Clint.  They were bonded, but didn't have children.  A result of their weird biology or a conscious, deliberate choice?  Female Alphas occupied a strange place in society and few ended up with children.  But Tony had noted the subtle shift in Natasha's tone, her words... it was yet another piece of SHIELD's vast network of secrets that Tony filed away for later use.  He didn't trust Fury and he didn't trust SHIELD.  He was happy to join, if only to protect Steve and spend more time punching stuff in the suit, but he wasn't going to let them hide things from him.  No.  He wanted his hands on every dossier they had.  He wanted to know everyone's secrets.
"No, guys, really, don't--" protested Tony weakly.
His stomach turned.
Tony bounded down the rest of the stairs, strode over, and embraced Stone.  Stone didn't get up or hug him back; he sat stiffly, and Tony pulled away quickly.  Not just because of the awkward reception but because Ty's smell was... well, not repulsive, exactly.  Off-putting.
"I will," Steve said immediately.  "I swear, Pep- I mean, Virginia."
No one ever talked about Alphas being in rut.  But here he was, just as feral as Steve was.
sound.  "That's actually not a bad idea," she conceded. That was high praise from Natasha, especially for someone she didn't know all that well. When something wasn't 'bad' it was probably actually decent at the very least. Like when she first saw Steve in sparring. Her comment was 'I've seen better.' Two weeks in and he was 'not bad.'  A month in and he just got a high-pitched humming sound which he usually took to mean
The blond's gaze followed Steve's hand as it traveled to his waist.  "I wouldn't do that if I were you," he said, calmly. "If there's anything I've learned, Rogers, it's that everyone has an agenda.  My sister and I have been alone since we were ten, and nothing is given for free. Things that are free are
"How hard can it be?" interrupted Tony, throwing a hand up.  "Hold on, let me check--" He covered the phone. "Hey, Steve, is your giant pink dildo dishwasher safe?"
omega?!"
. Steve was planning to find someone in need and simply giving it to them but he still need to get a few things out- like said box of cereal. He remembered it half way through Fury's little speech and grabbed it from the top cupboard, leaning back on the countertop and wordlessly eating Cheerios as he waited for the director to finish his piece.
my interview?" he suggested. "We could go for lunch or something."
Steve woke up to his alarm with a groan. He rubbed a hand over his face and felt the dead weight of Tony still sleeping on top of him. He reached over stiffly to stop his alarm. They didn't have long to get downstairs. "Tony," Steve nudged him lightly with his elbow. "Tony? C'mon, we gotta get up..." He let out a soft huff. Steve knew he would be sore later. It had certainly been on the rough side and everyone would see the fresh bite mark on his neck too. God, he hoped they didn't think they were getting something out of his conference. Frond teaching them about the gland had just been a weird and unexpected highlight during a very depressing few days.
"--look, we can't hire someone because they're an omega, that's still discrimination.  If you don't want Pepper, fine, but we'll need open interviews... legally, we still have to consider beta and Alpha applicants," said Tony.
It was cute seeing Tony so absorbed by it though. Steve didn't think he'd seen him this interested in something outside of his workshop before. When he quoted off whole speeches it made Steve smile and he knew he'd chosen the right thing to do. His alpha was unwinding beneath him and it made Steve feel good too.
He looked down.  He wanted to apologize for his father but didn't know how and didn't think it would mean anything, anyway.  His father had been dead for a quarter of a century
He'd settled down on the floor with a welding mask and was staring the construction of what would someday be the Mark VII but was currently only a conceptual heap of scrap metal.  Nonetheless, Tony found the slow process of twisting metal to his will to be a calming process.
They were in a store, one with bright lights that reflected on the tile floors and aisles and aisles of metal shelving with just about everything you could imagine.
He had already decided to ignore anything Steve said until Pepper arrived.  Pepper, as a beta, would be able to talk to him without hormones getting in the way.
He rubbed his eyes.  His head hurt.
Phil and Natasha both nodded.
When Tony told Steve that he wasn't going anywhere, there was a weird sensation in his chest, something like hope. His fingers tingled when Tony kissed his hand and Steve's brow furrowed a little in thought. Then, wordlessly, he entangled their fingers and pulled him up onto the bed.
"You're asking me to buy someone.  Isn't that illegal?  Arranged bonding is definitely illegal."
He debated whether he should call Pepper.  She would know what to do.  This was way too much info to process on his own and he was already a couple of drinks in.
Clint and Natasha exchanged a loving glance, Clint nuzzled her arm a little.
"So... so would the kid be your cousin three times removed, then?" he blurted.
Tony wracked his brain.  "...Morgan?" he repeated.  Neither looked familiar. They both looked like every other girl in the place, in a too-short, too-tight dress and heels that looked monstrously uncomfortable.
Clint remained silent beside Fury, looking stoic as ever. Natasha stepped right up to Tony and gestured to the diner door. She put on her sweetest smile, but something deadly shimmered under the surface of her toothy grin. "After you, Mr. Stark,” she said, a command hidden under the guise of a polite gesture.
"Lemme just grab another drink and then we can go learn about how we've been doing it wrong the last year," said Tony, tugging Steve's hand.  He swung y the bar to get himself a martini before walking off into the lobby to try to find the right room.
"You'd have to have multiple hostels," Phil pointed out. "That's too many kids to fit in one place. And they're scattered all over. Would be hard to make a single hostel accessible to everyone."
the surprise?  Did you enter a beauty pageant, Rogers, is that it?  Because that's not fair to the other contestants, you know..."  He trailed off as Steve began taking shoes off.
"So...your favourite movie?" Steve asked, tilting his head at him. "And nothing scary this time," he added. "Your movies still look
"Shit. Sorry." Steve frowned a little. The last thing he wanted to do was make Tony feel uncomfortable. To Steve, the arc reactor was beautiful. It was Tony's own creation, proof of his genius and creativity. And not only that, but proof of his endurance, too. Tony wouldn't be alive without it. He resisted the urge to lean forward and trace his tongue and lips around the rim, knowing it would make Tony shiver.
"Take your time, Cap," Phil murmured.
"...this better be an emergency," he said, taking the phone.
"Swipe to unlock," it said.  He pressed his finger onto the screen and swiped; nothing happened.  He tried a few more times, then realized his left hand was probably too cold.  When he swiped with his right hand, it worked fine.
He wanted to point out that the man who'd left Tony's scar was dead and how different that was. If he was still out there Steve would probably hunt him down himself, no matter how dangerous. But knowing that Tony had taken his own revenge calmed him considerably.
"Do you really expect me to tell you that?" said JARVIS, who sounded amused, even for an AI.
Fun history fact: in the Ming dynasty they had bowls for prostitut's to spit into, and Sappho has handled one in a museum.  - Apollo
Steve found his mind drifted when he rinsed off. He used lavender shampoo this time, in hope that it would be calming. For some reason Banksy helped him stay grounded. Nothing the phased the guy. He was experienced and yet never talked down to Steve. The first thing he'd asked Steve when they'd met was how Tony was as a mate. Banksy looked out for his fellow omegas and Steve appreciated that.
"I'd do anything for you if you asked for it, Alpha," Steve said softly.
Cooper had finished his toast, and so had most of the people at the table. "Do you want to gather everyone's plates Cooper?" Laura asked and the boy bounded off his chair in response.
The very night after the funeral Steve had ended up at Banksy's house.  Tony had gone home, though he'd taken Steve by a fancy liquor store and told him to bring Banksy wine.  Although Steve wasn't a fan of Tony's drinking, bringing over Banksy's favorite bottle of red wine turned out to be the right move.  They sat up in his bed drinking it from coffee mugs late into the night, talking quietly.
He was barely aware of Steve leaving and barely aware of him returning.  He looked up as Steve pushed a mug of coffee into his hands.
“Fine.  Is it animal, plant or mineral?” Steve asked.
“Basically that the exclusivity goes both ways,” she said.  “No stepping out for either of you.  Thought you’d like to know.”
******************************************************************************************************************************
“It is about Cam,” Steve started.  “You took him for my assistant, but he was not.  Not then, anyway.”
Tony was quiet for so long Steve thought he wasn’t going to answer, so he gathered up the beer bottles and stood, brushing a bit of sand off himself as he did.  He went to make his way back to the cabana, when Tony reached out and grabbed his wrist, bringing him up short.
“Tony?” Steve called out.
“You clearly seek to overwhelm me with your enthusiasm for this,” Tony replied, raising an eyebrow.  “Is it that you worry how you will be greeted?  Is that what gives you pause?  I know they are all new to you, but you have seen how the common folk love you, my treasure.   It will be no different out there.  As I said, the absence of the usual Court politics will make things even easier in many ways.  You will be welcomed, and treated as befits you, I assure you.”
“Fun?  This was only, like, the best day ever.  Or, at least right up there with the time the Skee-Ball machine at Chuck E. Cheese accidentally started spitting out tons of tickets, and I got to trade them for the remote-controlled monster truck and two pixie sticks.  Kind of a tie,” Tony grinned.
When the tightness in his chest subsided, he hung the bag up on one of the bathroom hooks and took a moment to look around. The bathroom might be bigger than their apartment, he noted, then eyed the toiletries and smiled as he thought of Nat. He shook his head to clear it and unzipped the bag, unfolding the corners over the suit options.
“Aren’t you?” Natasha questioned, voice low. He wanted to say no, but that wasn’t entirely true, and she would know it for a lie the instant it left his mouth.  She stared at him side-eyed when he didn’t answer, then clucked at her horse and kicked her heels into its side, urging it forward along Clint’s mount, which she pulled behind her.  Steve watched her wind her way ahead through the forest until she drew to a halt some ways ahead where Clint lowered himself from the limb of a tree overhead onto the back of his horse, which jumped and shied in objection until Clint managed to gain the saddle.  Once he did, the horse reared up, as if testing the new weight while Clint entreated it to whoa, rather ineffectually from what Steve could tell.   Steve shook his head a bit, feeling the corners of his mouth tug up as the scene played itself out.  Clint hated the horse, and Steve was confident the feeling was entirely mutual.
His fingers itched to feel Steve’s skin again, to see the way Steve looked at him, to hear the husky timbre of his voice whispering things that Tony desperately wanted to believe into his ear, and a nervous, twitchy sort of energy thrummed under his skin like a current along a wire.  Last night had been amazing. Fantastic. All the superlatives, really. Almost
“Pretty much,” Steve agreed.
“If you’re here, it’s great,” Steve replied. Oh. Well. Okay, then, Tony thought. He never quite knew what to do when Steve said these things to him, though he did it regularly enough that it shouldn’t be unexpected, not anymore, yet each one caught him by surprise. What he felt for Steve always seemed so close to the surface, threatening to bubble over at any moment, and Steve…Steve was his rudder, keeping him on an even keel. Well, most of the time, anyway. Not even Steve’s superpowers extended quite that far. But the point was, loving Steve was the easiest thing he’d ever done. It just existed, like air, requiring no effort on his part, but it was always there, surrounding him, present in the most real way possible. He just assumed loving him had to be a lot harder for Steve, and counted himself lucky that Steve thought he was worth the effort, but then Steve would say something or look at him a certain way, and Tony would be amazed all over again at the thought that maybe, just maybe, it was as effortless for Steve.
Because Tony hadn’t been there when Steve woke up and needed him and there had been an
.  “May Cam come, as well? I think he would like it,” Steve asked, trying not to give away any of the sudden well of nerves that opened up inside his chest.
“Howard?” Maria’s voice called out, shaky and unsure.
It wasn’t the first time the house had known death, after all, he thought as he looked up at the sketch framed over the fireplace. That had been a long knowing for all of them, but when it finally came, it had been as simple as slipping into sleep, and for that, at least, he was grateful.  The sketch was one he did after they first moved back here after the War, but he only got around to carving the frame years ago.  Ian helped him hang it a few months after they lost her, and if he saw the other image on the folded back of the sketch, he hadn’t said anything. Steve wondered if Angie told him not to ask.
“Oh, by all means, call and check in,” Pepper said, clearly delighted.
“Steve,” the alien repeated, then beamed brightly at Tony with almost childlike happiness.  “Steve. I like it. I will be Steve for you.” It sounded, strangely, like a promise.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, then closed it and swiped a hand over his jaw, giving Tony a considering look.
. I’m not saying it will be the only thing.  We have a lifetime, Steve, we can--there’s so much we can do, if you will just allow it. I can’t reshape the world as you would want it, but you might be surprised at just how much your happiness means to me.  I often am. Can you not meet me part of the way?”
Steve had a beard again, like the first time Tony saw him, back when he was still Anto and Steve was simply the Other. A Stranger who came into his life and changed everything. Tony liked Steve’s smooth cheeks, so different from Alphas of the Clan, but he loved the beard on Steve, maybe because it was so familiar to him.
“How do you speak falcon?” Cam asked.
“Tony,” Steve said in a strange, careful tone as the SUV’s bumper disappeared around the curve.
Steve made it back to his room, showered, changed and made his way down to the communal kitchen for dinner.  Bruce, Clint and Thor were already gathered around the large table, piling plates full of spicy-sweet Indian food.  Clint was folding a piece of naan  into, well, a questionable shape that Steve refused to dwell on further.  He pulled out his chair and spooned a large portion of curry onto his plate and poured a cup of water.  He found the array of foods available now to be one of the better parts of the new millennium.
“We could’ve used the help,” Steve said.  It came out more bitterly than he meant it to, but he had stared across fields of burning men and knew what bone looked like when it turned to ash.  “I can’t blame you for not wanting to send your men to die in a war a world away.  Had I been here, I may have given you the same advice. But, Hydra…it’s a threat to everyone.  They won’t stop.  Cut off one head--”
“Tony,” Rhodey said.  “We don’t know it was your stuff. Even if it was, that’s not on you, Tony.  We’ve done this song and dance.  It
“I--yes? I  suppose so,” Steve replied with a frown.
So why are you still here, the voice in his head asked, knocking the thought insistently against the back of his head.  Why haven’t you left?  Laughed at Tony’s nonsense or stormed out?  Why are you still here?
Tony showered, took his time shaving and getting dressed for dinner in a sleek, silver-gray suit.  What he told Rhodey was true.  Steve was a great guy, but there were lots of great guys.  He’d only known Steve a couple of days, anyway.  Maybe the guy picked his nose.  Liked processed cheese or voted Republican.  Or a true dealbreaker, liking having a Team Edward t-shirt hidden somewhere.  Point was, he really didn’t know Steve all that well, and what he did know of him was part sham, part best behavior.  He was reading way too much into those few moments of pretense.  Tony opened the bureau drawer and perused the tie selection, then pulled out the one with the tiny racecars on it with a smirk.
“Hey,” Steve said quickly, blue eyes following Tony as he walked around his large desk.
“Oh, I think he’s in it already, Steve, don’t you? Got yourself to thank for that, don’t’cha?  Now,” Brock continued, unfazed, “here’s what I’m thinking.  How about, you write one of those out to me, and be on your way, and we just forget all of this ever happened, eh?  How about that?”
*****************************************************************************************
good.  The kind that matters.  Makes a
“I’m trying, you ass,” Tony shouted back over a throng of students cutting their way between them.  “You want me to go through every messed up thing about me?  We’re going to need to sit down. This might take a while.”
“Er, ah, are you, are you…” the other questioned, though Steve didn’t reply. He couldn’t seem to get any words out, just kept walking, half expecting to feel the weight of an armor-clad hand on his shoulder, but nothing happened.  No one tried to waylay him.  He didn’t know what he would do if they did, but had no cause to want to find out.  They won’t touch me, he told himself.  They won’t touch me because I belong to him.  It isn’t real, his mind screamed.
Fury snorted, and flattened his mouth, giving Steve a piercing look.
All of their heads were missing, except one, who had only half a face and looked to Steve like it might have been an armored knight at one time, though its sword was gone and a booted foot crushed into pebbles.   The other statues, he noticed belatedly, also looked as if they had once held various items.  A hammer, he thought, looking at one that only had its lower half left, but appeared to be holding the remnants of a large warhammer.  Another had only the statue’s palms out, the fingers broken off, as if the hands once held something round. They were so lifelike, even with the missing pieces.  He had never seen anything quite like them before. Certainly not the effigies of the saints sitting in their vestibules at the church in Gulleytown, staring piously up towards heaven with mournful expressions on their faces. Steve stared at the statues, enthralled for a moment.
“Agent Coulson,” Steve nodded.
“That’s…that should be fine,” he agreed.
a dick?” Rhodey asked. “Or a dick with an equally huge boyfriend or, I mean, it’s you, so like a tiny, angry girlfriend who pulls hair?”
“I’m not…this is not about trying to impress Steve. This is about what’s best for the company, which, happens to, by complete coincidence, also, maybe, be sort of impressive, if you wanted to look at it that way,” Tony protested, looking back and forth between them.  “Once the Board approves the project, we should have a press release.  Maybe a press conference, too. Can you get some airtime?  To tell people.  Having nothing to do with the thing I just said.”
“Pro bono,” Tony corrected. “Though, I feel obligated to point out that I've got a friend who would find you incredibly perceptive.”
But then Clint was jauntily announcing he had to be anywhere but here and offering Tony a mock-serious salute and quick “Good luck,” before practically skipping out of the room.  Clearly, Steve was missing some part of this conversation.  Steve realized Natasha and Bruce had also departed at some point, but he’d been paying too much attention to Tony to notice.  Ok, this was definitely odd.
,” Bruce said, glaring at the prone figure with a crisp, white sheet pulled up to his chest, “screwing around with your brain and your memories is all kinds of dangerous.  I know, I know, I’m not one to talk about experimenting on yourself, fine, but,” he stopped and rubbed at his temples.  “We shut it off like that,” he said, snapping his fingers, “and maybe we don’t get him back.  Or we don’t get all of him back.  The thing with this tech, it’s—it’s giving him what he wants to see.  What he wants to experience.  Pulling him out of that, the brain fights back, you know? And between that and whatever that nanovirus did to the tech, I—I think that’s a last resort, to tell you the truth.  Which is where you come in,” Bruce said, holding up a hand to stave off Steve’s protest.  “I know you don’t like it, but what?  We gonna send me in there?  BARF shows me something the other guy doesn’t like and how’s that going to end for everyone? Exactly.”
“Tony, wait,” Steve called out, walking quickly across the room to stand next to Tony.  “I just,” he started, turning his head towards where Barnes reclined before looking back at Tony.  “Thank you.  For…everything, really, I guess.  Bucky, though…Tony, you didn’t have to do that.  But, thank you.  It’s…been a long time since anyone put their neck out for him, you know, and it’s—it’s a lot for him to deal with.  And he’s a lot to deal with. He’s just…”
Clint had helpfully suggested horse tranquilizers, which, somewhat concerningly, he apparently had on hand, though he claimed they were for the farm.  He’d been eyeing Bruce at the time, though.
Brock’s friends.
“It’s an engineering marvel, really,” Tony said, causing Steve to turn to find him leaning back in his leather seat, his face mostly hidden by shadows. “We’d never built a concrete structure close to this size before.  Some of the methods they used, we’d never even tried them before. Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk, I suppose,” he finished with a small huff that was almost a sigh.
“Oh. My. God. Tony—you---you—how—what—“ Pepper stuttered. “You bonded?  Where did you even find an Omega?  If this is some SHIELD plot, Tony, there are ways, I mean, it isn’t unheard of, though no one talks about it, but they can’t just do something like this…”
“T-Tony, just…God, you don’t…Jesus-fuck,” Steve cursed as Tony dipped his head down to lick the wrinkled skin.  He forgot anything else he was going to say, do, think or feel as Tony continued to mouth at his balls and then pushed his knees apart and moved lower, licking a stripe down to his entrance.  Steve was sure he must have passed out, certainly that couldn’t have been him making those high, keening noises, little gasps and pleas, as Tony wound his tongue up and down, over his hole again and again.  Just when Steve thought he couldn’t take any more, the sensation far too much, he felt Tony press the tip of his tongue ever so slightly inside.  Steve’s whole body went rigid, whatever embarrassment at the sounds tumbling from his lips gave way to sheer feeling, as Tony’s tongue pressed further, dipping inside and swirling around.  Someone was shouting and he wanted to tell them to stop, quiet down, but couldn’t think words, just feelings, just Tony, moving his tongue around inside him, darting in and out and licking the rim of his hole before plunging in again.  Tony moved his mouth away long enough to look up and find Steve’s eyes, and Steve knew what he must look like at this point. There was no sense denying it or pretending any different.  No more games to play.  When Tony jammed two fingers in deep and up, hitting that spot of nerves just so, he would’ve come off the bed entirely if Tony hadn’t been pressing him down.  It wasn’t words spilling from his mouth, just unintelligible sounds, speech given up long ago as the sensations washed over his body in waves, leaving him shaking and breathless.
“Yes, Your Highness,” Steve replied, raising his head. “I am anxious to see your city.”
“Steve. Steve, there is nothing to take. You have given me all I ever wanted,” Tony replied, tightening his hold on Steve. “There is nothing for you to take that I would not willingly give, you have only to ask it of me, and it is already yours. You know that. But do not ask me to allow you to bear more than you already do. Please—anything, Steve, but not that. Not that—please don’t—“
Tony huffed out a light laugh and shook his head.  “Yeah, no, things are great.  Amazing, really.  It’s like…I don’t know how to even describe it.  Everything is just…better.  Not just Steve, but everything. The world.  It’s just better.  I feel like…like I can do anything.  Giddy or punch-drunk, I don’t kow.  It’s awesome though,” Tony said, smiling.  “Hey, you’re a doctor,” Tony observed astutely.  Bruce just nodded.  “So, when do these things wear off?”
“Thanks, Happy,” Steve replied.
“He’s doing Evita,” Rhodey said by way of greeting.  In the background, Tony could hear Happy’s deep baritone slugging through something about Argentina not crying all over the place.
“Yes,” Steve husked out.  “Please, Tony.”
needy.  Said it was weak. And he was right.  Tony Stark didn’t need anyone.
Thank you to everyone who has been so patient and encouraging with this story.  This chapter was tough to write as we transition from Steve-before-Tony to Steve-and-Tony.  Just a couple of quick notes for those who might be interested:  one of Steve's preserum conditions is prenicious anemia, which was quite deadly and during the 20s & 30s, the only treatment was eating raw liver or a sort of raw liver shake, which sounds awful, so naturally, I had to incorporate that.  He also had scoliosis, a heart condition, and a number of other disabilities that would have made his life pretty miserable. I think we sometimes skip over how awful Steve had it.  Virginity tests, like the one Tony had, are still done in parts of the world today.  I thought it would be sort of interesting to talk a little about purity culture and how it presents a bit of a conflict for Steve who doesn't want Tony to be hurt or uncomfortable, and also has to admit to caring about that.  Part of Steve's journey is recognizing the ways he is a part of the system he and Tony eventually work together to tear down a bit.  Also just because putting value on sexual purity is gross and should be called out.
“What was King Howard like?” Steve asked curiously.
“I seem to remember a particular evening that involved me up to my elbows in dirty dish water, you getting home and us finally scratching kitchen sink off our list of Everywhere But the Kitchen Sink,” Tony said with a grin.  “To this day, the smell of dishsoap is a turn on.”
“Want some Louboutins?” Tony asked, leaning his head towards Steve’s shoulder.
“Brock,” Steve said, taking a step back from Stark, feeling almost like he had been caught at something, which was ridiculous, since he and Stark were just talking and it was Brock who...who had been...doing whatever it was Brock had been doing.
“And Colonel Rhodes, of course.  I’ve heard so much about you from my guys out at Nellis,” Estes said, shaking Rhodey’s hand.
God, there had to be such a strange war going on in Steve’s head, Tony told himself, though he wasn’t sure if it was true or just what he had to let himself believe.  Tony was ten steps into their future, and Steve was still deciding on fight or flight.  Obviously, leaning a bit more towards flight at the moment, Tony thought grimly as he cupped a hand under his ribs, where the muscle was pinched and stinging.
He gave Bucky the nearest cross-streets, and stepped out of the alley to wait under an awning that advertised the dry cleaner’s underneath.  Bucky kept talking to him, mostly about mundane things to do with his job or Natasha or their new apartment, which seemed to have been possessed by the spirit of an angry Victorian child, at least by Bucky’s estimation.  Steve knew Bucky was doing it on purpose, the constant chatter, keeping Steve on the phone and keeping him from changing his mind, but he still appreciated it.
“Sure is great of you to do this for the team, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, looking around the gym.  “Sorry--Tony,” he corrected quickly.  Tony closed his eyes and sighed.  The fucking niceness of it all was going to be his undoing.  Hey, Tony, why did you smash up your gym?  Well, see, Bruce, Steve was being nice to me, and I couldn’t take it anymore.
“Gods, Steve,” Tony panted out in rough heaves, tipping his head back enough to put some space between them.
“See…Tony’s always been a bit of a…well, let’s call him a flight risk, if you will.  Big ideas!  Oh, it’s great, it’s great, don’t get me wrong.  I mean, I’ve known Tony his whole life.  Brilliant, no doubt,” Stane said, splaying his palms in front of him, trying to suggest an innocence that he could not possibly think he was pulling off.
“Wider,” Tony ordered.  Steve spread his legs wider, feeling his skin redden even more as he did, knowing what Tony would see.  He had shaved earlier in the day, not really in anticipation, but…he had thought that Tony would like it.  It felt good, making the effort for something so small that was only done to please Tony.  He could see Tony’s eyes grazing across his body, taking it all in, eyes wide and the deep, rich brown of the most luxurious furs imaginable.  That was because of him, Steve knew, and was suddenly glad he had taken the time to clean up properly. It wasn’t like Tony hadn’t seen him before, but…it was different, though.  Doing it himself, for Tony, putting himself on display like this.  “Good,” Tony hummed approvingly.  “Just like that.  So beautiful.”
Tony shifted closer on the bed, reaching up to cup Steve’s jaw, a soft smile forming.  It was so gentle and intimate, Steve couldn’t help but lean into it.  It felt so good, to be touched like this.  How long had it been since someone touched him without obligation?  Oh, there were hugs and quick pats on his hand, and sometimes, the little ones, they would climb into his lap, such as it was, for a few minutes.
When he woke, it was to a disorienting muddle of thick-headedness and a tired soreness that permeated his whole body.  A good kind of deep ache filled him, though his leg twinged with a sharp stab of pain when he tried to move.  It wasn’t bad, though, he realized, as he experimented some more.  Just...present.  A reminder.  A brand.
“Well.  We don’t always get what we want, do we?” Steve replied quietly, but he put his pencil down and sat forward on his elbows like he was engrossed in the lecture, though, every now and then, Tony could see his eyes slip down to watch the text flow across the screen.
He showered, shaved and spent far too much time trying to get his hair just right.  He was standing in front of the dresser mirror picking a piece of lint off his sleeve when Bucky came into their room, stopped for a moment, the let out a long, low whistle.
And now…well, now there was a room full of men hashing out whatever deal it was they were making to get this Alpha to take Tony.  Must be someone pretty high up, Tony assumed.  General Ross was in there.  A dour-looking African-American man with an eye-patch who made Tony want to ask if his favorite letter of the alphabet was ‘R,’ except that would probably embarrass his father and thus, not be worth the fallout for what amounted to bubble-gum wrapper-level humor.
“Think the King will let me go get sweets from the kitchen again?” Cam asked, bright-eyed now, voice eager, the cobwebs of their discussion wiped away in an instant by the thought of food.
“He’s probably teething,” Clint said, shooting a look over his shoulder as he got the jet into the air.  “The drool,” Clint explained at Tony’s blank look.  “Might be why he’s a little fussy, too.”
“No, he isn’t,” Bucky corrected, pulling a face.
“That is…a long way away,” Tony observed, though it was not a refusal to travel there, Steve noted.  “Is it true,” he asked after a pause.  “About what happened there?  What you were fighting?”
“---And, ah, we had coffee, and now there's a lawyer going over divorce papers with him and I hate it, I hate it so fucking much, feel free to stop me anytime here, but God, Rhodey, I don't know what I'm doing anymore,” Tony finished in a frustrated rush as he stalked down the sidewalk towards where he'd parked the car in that surreal, pre-box time when things had made some kind of sense.
need a hospital.  A tall, bald African-American man Tony recognized as the head of SHIELD swept in behind them, because why not? Tony tossed his hands up in the air and rolled his eyes towards the ceiling.
“Christ, Coulson, warn a guy, would you?” Rumlow demanded, turning to face the elevator doors and pressing the button for the next floor once more, just in case that light was a feint, apparently.
Tony felt like his body was on fire, burning from the inside out.  He was liquid, boneless, heat and pressure coiling low in his belly.  His cock was hard against his thigh, twitching for contact, his hips juddering against Steve’s leg.
Which is how two very well-dressed Avengers ended up at some Formica-tabled diner at nearly midnight, with only some college kids enjoying the free refills of coffee and trying to make a plate of fries and all the free condiments in the joint into a meal for company.  Tony sent them each a burger and a pointed look when one of them took out his phone to start snapping pictures.  “Don’t make me have to destroy you,” Tony warned around a mouthful of onion ring.  Still got it, Tony thought a moment later as the kid stuffed the phone back into his pocket.
“Could use a shield, I suppose,” Steve replied from where he was reclining in one of the wooden Adirondack-style deck chairs with a paper plate holding a sandwich perched on one knee.  He caught Tony’s frustrated groan and grinned goofily like he had said something amusing and not simply bat-shit crazy.
“Did you always wish to be a soldier or was it a choice born of necessity?” Tony asked, running his hands through his wet hair and reaching for one of the soft cloths that sat on the edge of the tub, using it to wipe the water droplets off his face. There was a sense of effort to the lightness of his words, but he turned around to face Steve with a curious look on his face.  “You’ve the bearing of a soldier, to be sure, but that doesn’t mean it was a calling. Rhodey wanted to study the stars, or so he tells me when he’s far into his cups.”
freedom you speak about?” Cam demanded, tossing the sponge into the water with enough force to send up a splash and giving Steve a petulant frown.  It was not their first conversation on the subject, Steve reminded himself with a sigh.  The boy’s frustration and fear had only grown since Steve returned to his room that morning, with rumors of the King’s displeasure not far on his heels.
“The righteous indignation act is a tad overblown,” Tony pointed out, deliberately turning his back on Barnes as he reached for the door.  “You can save it for the courtroom, if that’s the way you want to go, but you aren’t getting a God-damned cent out of me.  You think your life sucks now?  Try me,” he tossed over his shoulder.  “You have no idea what I’m capable of.”
“What’s it like? The whole…” Tony waved his hand towards the empty space where Natasha and Clint had disappeared. “Ignoring you thing? Kinda strange after all the completely deserved attention lately.”
“Steve worries,” Tony said, turning his head to look over his shoulder. He caught Steve’s eye, of course. Smiled.
“There you go, relax for me, gorgeous,” Tony whispered, all hoarse and sultry now, like one of those old-timey singers in a smokey jazz club.  Steve preened under his gaze.  He couldn’t help it. It was so nice to feel...this way.  Whatever this was.  Tony kissed him again, hard and swift, as his fingers left Steve’s hole wide open and gaping.
“Really?” Tony asked, squelching up his face into a frown.
“Don’t lift things!” Tony shouted, holding out his hands in a stop-motion gesture. “You could—something could happen—you--you’re not supposed to lift things.”
“No doubt,” Steve grinned, and flushed warm as he thought of Tony seeing him in this. The undergowns were layers of diaphanous golds in varying hues, while the outer gown was a deep, dark red. Tony’s colors. There was something fiercely primal about being encased in Tony’s colors that he liked. It felt like being marked as Tony’s. Claimed. And… protected somehow. I am his, and he is mine, Steve thought to himself. He wished for a looking glass to see his reflection, but settled for Cam’s self-congratulatory look.
“A question I ponder daily,” Coulson said.  “He’s Rogers’ Omega,” Coulson added placidly, rocking a bit on his heels.
“Enough,” Tony said, shaking his head, mouth pursed into a grim line, though his voice was steady. “Perhaps the night was too much for you. You’re—you’re not yourself right now, so I will forgive this. Sleep. We will speak no more of this tonight.”
So. Yeah.  It was becoming something of an issue. The wondering.
Tony slid his hands under Steve’s shirt and up his back, the muscles jumping and quivering under his touch. Steve couldn’t quite find the right words for what it felt like for Tony to touch him there, when they were like this, as if that part of him was something sensual, too.  Something Tony wanted, even if it was—even if it was broken.  Steve groaned as he felt Tony’s hands dig into the mottled flesh there, and Tony took the opportunity to thrust his tongue deep into Steve’s mouth, the combination of sensations enough to make Steve’s hips judder against Tony seemingly of their own volition.
“Tony,” Steve repeated.  It sounded odd.  So normal.  Common.  There was nothing common about this man, of that much Steve was certain, and yet, it fit, in the way the King’s face slackened and went soft sometimes, how his eyes lit up with humor at the strangest times, how he moved, all a whir and blur of motion when he was on to some idea or argument.
“Seems like fairly low expectations to rise above,” Steve suggested with a grin.
Steve opened it and stared at the ring for a long moment, then looked up at Tony.  “It’s beautiful.  I’ve never seen metal like this.  What is it?”
Tony reached for the bottle and held it up in front of him, swirling the remaining contents around in the bottom before bringing it to his mouth and swallowing the rest, squeezing his eyes shut as they watered where it burned a path down his thorat.  He was thrilled for Pepper and Happy.
Steve realized his mouth had gone dry at some point.  He wanted to duck, hide, run, something.  Anything.  But, Tony’s gaze was fixed on him, and he couldn’t seem to move. He tried to swallow, but couldn’t get any saliva to form. He was hard to the point of aching, and all his mind could seem to focus on was the mental image the other Steve’s words had put in his head.  This…this was Tony’s fantasy. Tony fantasized about Steve.  Tony fantasized about having sex with Steve.  With all different versions of Steve, apparently.  This was the fantasy keeping Tony here, the one used to lull him into compliance.  This.  Steve.  Well, Steves.
“You gotta let me catch you sometimes, too, Tony,” Steve said quietly.  “You were ready to give up on your dream project just because you thought it might hurt me.  I want you to do this, Tony.  If we’re wrong, or if the situation goes South on us, well…we’ll deal with it.  Together this time, okay?”
“I’m sorry,” Kirk said again.  “Here I am, bitching about how Daddy doesn’t love me enough.  This is why I can’t have nice things.”
“Why would he say such a thing?” Cam demanded. “Everyone knows the Raj’Inama belongs to the King alone.” He sniffed in annoyance. “
It wasn’t that he’d been concerned when Steve hadn’t shown up to rescue him after their supposedly top-secret convoy got blasted into bite-sized pieces, it was that he had all-out panicked when Steve hadn’t shown up. That was what they did. Rescued each other at the last minute, stepped in with a quip and a smile at Bad Guy of the Week’s inane monologue, used bad jokes to deflect the knowledge that you only got so many close calls. Okay, that last one might be mostly him, but still. Steve always showed up. He would never have left Tony to the Hydra Welcoming Committee if there had been any way for him to get there, and that absolute certainty managed to fill him with utter terror when Steve failed to arrive on cue. Something was wrong, he could hear it in Steve’s voice, feel it in the distance between them, because usually, Steve would be all in Tony’s face, checking him for injuries. Or, as Tony liked to think of it, the reward for a job well done. You didn’t die, congrats, you get Captain America running his hands all over you. It was almost worth getting dropped out of a hole in space to get that. For example.
When had being happy become so easy?  It was a learned behavior, like anything else, he supposed.  He wasn’t quite sure he could pinpoint the moment he stopped questioning it and started believing he might not only get to have it, but actually deserve it.  How did you know when an invisible scar began to heal?
“Do you now?” Tony asked, his voice light, almost teasing, but a thread of something dark lurked underneath it, bones under grass, Steve thought and shivered, horrified, as he stared.  Tony still made no move toward Steve, but there was something predatory gleaming in his eyes now, muscles taut and coiled under the carefully crafted veneer of nobility he no doubt relied upon to convince people their fear was only that of station and not something far deeper, that primal knowing that Steve had ignored.
People, Steve thought, almost snorting at himself.  Right.
Rhodey grimaced and hunched his shoulders, hands braced on the rail, but didn’t say anything else as the figures rounded the last landing, a burst of laughter announcing their arrival.
“Like a giant, jealous asshole?” Tony finally offered. Jealous.  Thank God, Steve thought, letting out the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.  Jealous.  Tony had been jealous.  He found himself trying not to smile because this was definitely not the moment, but it was like he was suddenly tipsy, or what he remembered it felt like to be slightly drunk, that lush, warm, floating feeling that you could do anything.
“Nothing.  Nothing, we just talked about some of the ramifications. That’s it.  He had good points.  The stock—“ Tony tried.
“You have made that abundantly clear,” Tony replied, raising his eyebrows.
“I was working my way up to a sponge bath when you and the Rescue Rangers showed up,” Tony mumbled.  “Honestly, if Bruce and Thor are playing doctor in there, I’m going back in, even if I have to crawl.  Friday!” Tony called out, craning his neck to look over her shoulder as Natasha turned her head to the side in what he assumed was disgust.
“Trying to push you away?” Tony finished in a quiet voice.  “As someone who is--let’s go with tangentially familiar—with being a big enough ass to drive people away before you inevitably screw up their lives, I give his performance a solid 7.5.”  Steve let out a shaky laugh, and glanced down at Tony, face going soft.
“Ah, good, you’re here,” Tony called out, standing up and stepping down from the dais when they entered.  “What say you of my training room?  As good a place as any to have your pride sorely wounded, is it not?” Tony asked with a grin as he approached.
Tony kissed a line across Steve’s chest, devoting the same attention to his other nipple while his hand came up to cup and knead Steve’s pec. The slow, langourous massage was exquisite torture after the things Tony had done with his mouth.  Steve indulged himself by threading his hands through Tony’s damp hair and exploring the smooth, hard planes of his back, holding on as he arched into the sensations from Tony’s mouth and hands.  The cold, wet swim trunks did little to stifle the pounding ache in his cock.  It throbbed with pulses of pleasure as Tony sucked at one nipple and toyed with the other.
But, Tony decided he’d take Steve in jeans, a white t-shirt and leather bomber jacket any day.
“Yeah,” Steve said, grimacing flatly.  “Easier said than done.”
dear God, it was Tony. It was him, this man, it was him, it was always him, always
Obie naked.  Think about Obie naked.
Tony’s thumb grazed over Steve’s nipple, startling him enough that he drew back.  Tony was grinning wickedly up at him.  He leaned forward and ran his chin over the pert nipple, scraping it against his beard.  Steve’s whole world stuttered to a pinpoint as his back curled around Tony, his brain short circuiting halfway between pleasure and pain.  Tony’s mouth followed quickly, almost soothingly as he sucked gently at the taut peak. Steve could feel gooseflesh raising on his arms as Tony worked his tongue in lazy circles.  Tony’s other hand came between them to stroke Steve’s cock, using his thumb to circle around the head in time with his tongue working at Steve’s nipple.  The contrast of sensations was almost too much for Steve, and he felt his hips thrusting forward of their own accord before he could stop himself.  He didn’t want that though, not tonight.  This was about Tony.
“Steve can’t resist playing hero to ties-himself-to-the-train-tracks-here, so if you’re in trouble or need something, he’s not going to say no,” Barnes offered. “Likes to take care of you.  See you happy.  We spent like three hours at Bed, Bath and Beyond trying to find just the right coffee pot.  Who knew they made so many damn styles?  Would Tony like the one that makes cappuccino, you think?  Or the one that has its own bean grinder?  God.  I still go to sleep by reeling off the features of different brands in my head.”
“It’s not crap,” Steve objected, though it was mild.  He knew Brock didn’t want to talk about the problems Steve saw with the military, taking it as a personal slight when Steve wasn’t talking so much about the people who served as the direction of policy-makers way above their pay grade.
“Why not?” Tony answered, taking the bottle of water out of Rogers’ hand and pulling the chair he’d been gripping like a lifeline out from the table.  After a beat, Rogers sat down next to him, though he pulled the chair back far enough to give Tony some extra space.  “So,” Tony said when the silence stretched out too long for comfort.
It was both an impressive testament to ingenuity and determination and a monument to greed and oppression.  There was an unreality to it that only he seemed to be aware of, like if he tried to see it all at one time, he would be overwhelmed from the effort to reconcile it all.   It was easier to ignore the dark, seedy underbelly of it all, and focus on the glory, which he supposed was how all of this seemed to fade into the background for people like Tony, who were used to a lifetime of seeing only the shadows on the wall.  How easy it would be to only see that, Steve thought to himself. That was one thing this whole experience had taught him, if nothing else. How easy it was to be blind to suffering that was not your own.
“Steve?” Cam called out, slowing Steve’s steps at the sound of his name.  When had it started to sound strange on anyone’s lips other than Tony’s?  He didn’t know.  “I know, before.  When you first arrived.  I saw what they did to you.  I know you did this for me.  I don’t know why.  No one’s ever…I mean, I’m just me.  No one, really.  I didn’t matter.  But, I did to you, and…I—I know how I seem to you sometimes.  It’s just…I would wish for you happy here, too.  Not just the King.  You. You could be, I think.  When you are with him, you are happy.  I see it.  And he is happy, too.  He smiles and teases and laughs, and you—you are so pleased when he laughs for you!  I see this and—I would wish for you to be like that all the time.  So, you should be with him more, and then you will both be happier, I think.  That is all.”
Steve was trying to be reassuring, which was very sweet. Tony doubted he’d feel better about anything until Camp was a good six hours into an erection that wasn’t supposed to last more than four, but he sat down on the bed anyway and took his helmet off because Steve had asked him to and the idea of being able to actually look at Steve with his own eyes was too tempting, even as he looked up the dosage to weight instructions for Propofol.
“What did you think was going to happen, Tony? MIT. They kind of frown on that kind of thing from their employees,” Steve bit out. Tony shook his head in confusion at the words, which, in that order, didn't make any sense, just left Tony grasping at threads and feeling like he was looking at one of those illusion pictures that could be both an old hag and a young woman, both and neither at the same time.
--being a prisoner, being…
“How do you feel?” Tony asked, voice all husky with satisfaction that said he knew quite well how Steve felt.
The alien’s cock was huge.  Tony was sure his mouth was hanging open in amazement and not a small amount of trepidation.  Behind the alien’s cock, the large, round globes of his balls were flush and hard, the skin stretched to almost translucency over them in a way that looked like it must be painful.  His cock was long and incredibly thick and jutted out from between his legs in a pale-skinned shaft wrapped in thin, red veins that pulsed lightly. He was hairless there, too, and that somehow made the alien’s cock appear even larger where its throbbing shaft pushed out towards Tony, dripping with a clear, oily sheen that seemed to emanate from the skin itself.
, he was going to die--swirling it around, the rough burn of the lace doing against the soft, sensitive skin of his rim and channel pushing him to the precipice and holding them there as wave after wave of pleasure burst through him.  In and out, fast, darting thrusts, then long, languid swirls that drove the lace deep inside him, and Tony was gone.  Flying.  Falling.  Over whatever cliff he had been clinging to and gone.  Bright points of white danced in his vision.  His eyes rolled back in his head and he clawed at the bed, trying to find any kind of purchase.  Steve’s hands held Tony steady, keeping him in place, keeping him open, while his tongue continued its relentless assault, licking and thrusting into Tony’s hole, scraping the lace around his rim, pushing it deep.
“Go gaga over the vases. Tony can do that,” Rhodey agreed with a nod.  “What else?”
“So, you like…doing this?” Steve asked.  He blinked and looked back at the canvas to steady himself.  Focus, he told himself. Kirk’s hand refused to lay correctly.  The fingers were too chunky.  Like sausages. Kirk’s were long, elegant.  Piano-hands, Steve’s Gran would have called them.  He wondered what they would feel like.
“Think I just won’t let you out of my sight anymore,” Steve said after a beat of silence that held the promise of many, many, undoubtedly very long conversations to come.
Bucky sighed and pursed his lips, glancing away for a moment before looking back at Steve.  “You’re boyfriend’s a dick.”
Steve stared at Tony. He thought he could hear his own heartbeat in the silence, an irregular, tired beat.
“Who is it, Karen?” an unfamiliar voice called out, drawing Tony's attention to a man in a suit and dark, round, wire-rimmed glasses over the woman's shoulder. One of those long, thin canes that blind people use to tap out the space in front of them leaned against the wall next to the strange man.
They hadn’t, of course, as the morning proved yet again. If anything, the dreams were becoming more frequent and, if the way his body felt in the morning was any indication, more intense.
Steve raised an eyebrow and looked down at his Rubik’s cube of a paper that just somehow went all Jackson Pollack on him.
“They are having roast peacock tonight, my King,” Cam said excitedly.  “I saw the cook preparing it after I finished at the stable. I wonder what they will do with the feathers.  I should like one, I think.”
Steve asked.
The thought that none of this was actually any fun flitted through his head, but he discarded it. Of course, it was fun. This was what college was all about, right? This is what he had been missing out on.  This is what he wanted.  This was what he had been missing out on those two years with Steve.  This was why he broke it off.  Tony sniffed, a loose, wet, choking sound, and wiped his hand over his face.  He could still remember Steve’s face when Tony tried to explain.  Steve had looked like someone had gut-punched him. Though, to Steve’s credit, he’d accepted Tony’s decision about as well as someone in his position could.
“Tony’s in trouble.   Stane pulled the, ah. The pacemaker thing out.  What do I do?” Steve rushed out, glancing nervously at Tony.
“Like the engineer said.  One piece at a time,” Steve replied.  “Simple as that.”
Steve nodded again.  He reached up to undo his robes where they where clasped together just under his shoulder. His fingers seemed too large for the task, at first, fumbling a bit at the buttons, but he got them undone, then made easy work of the stays and belt.  Tony watched.  He didn’t say anything, but the scrutiny was enough to heat Steve’s skin far better than the fire ever could. His eyes were dark in the room’s low light, deep, brown orbs that lazily studied Steve’s frenzied movements. His mouth was slightly parted, though, and his hands kept brushing against his breeches, as if his fingers craved something to touch.  Steve forced himself to slow down, earning a small, pleased tilt to Tony’s lips. Finally, Steve managed to undo the final tie, and he shrugged the robes off his shoulders, letting them fall to the ground in a pool of blue sprinkled with gold, almost like the sun-dappled water at the beach where they spent so many days these last months.  His slippers were next, then he carefully unclasped the veil and lifted the entire head-covering off, letting it, too, fall to the floor.
“Flatheads? You mean those--ah,” Tor broke off, looking between Steve and Nasha in confusion before understanding dawned. “I did not know they knew healing.” His face softened as he looked at Tony. “We must thank you for saving our Steven, then, Omega Tony. Our healer, Brus, will be excited to meet one with such skill.”
“I go to meetings down at the VA center sometimes,” Steve told him.  “Nothing regular, but I try to. When we can.  There’s a counselor there. Sam.  Well, he’s a peer specialist, they call them.  Helps other veterans find services, that kind of thing. I’ve—I talked to him, some. He lets me bring Bucky when I can get him to go, even though, technically, the meetings are VA-sponsored.  I did a lot of research on the internet, trying to find some things to help Bucky that we could do, just to, you know, help him cope.”
Tony wasn’t sure what it was, exactly, that reluctance to call it a day, but it was there, like if they left, some spell would be broken, though only Tony really understood how close to the truth that was.  Finally, Tony broke down and texted Happy to bring the car around. They grabbed their bags and made their way to the elevator, then down and past security into the lobby. It wasn’t nearly as full as it had been the night before, but there were still a good number of people milling about who seemed to recognize them.  Tony waved and shoved sunglasses on his face. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist, making them one unit as they ran the gauntlet of curious gazes and camera clicks.
“God, just…fuck, Steve…don’t, I can’t…” Tony stuttered incoherently.
Tony opened his mouth to try again to say something, but he couldn’t get enough air to make anything other than a wheezing breath come out.  He raised his eyes to Steve’s, waiting, hoping, half-terrified Steve would call Rhodey’s bluff.  There were so many different emotions crossing Steve’s face.  Tony could always read him.  Anger, panic, pain, desperation, and a terrible, lurching flash of fear.
“You can’t tell a lie, huh?” Tony asked. He pushed himself up onto his elbows and scrubbed a hand over his face.  “Christ. I can’t believe I’m even
.  When he felt Tony’s body give a little, Steve slowly added a second slick finger, working them both at a steady pace, only spreading them when he felt the muscles relax.  Tony groaned and spread his legs a little further. Steve wasn’t sure if he even realized he was doing it.
“Maybe not.  I’m pretty good at killing.  I wanted to hurt you, though. God, did I want to see you hurt for him. For choosing him.  I wanted that so much,” Tony admitted.  “And now, see, now, there’s the two of you here in this photo.  I don’t know where it’s from.  It doesn’t say, and there’s no date, but it’s the two of you, and you’re boys.  You’re just…boys. Half my age, if that.  And there are bodies in the tree, Steve, and one of them.  One is small. Tiny, really.  You and Barnes, you’re right there, and you’re both just staring at it, and your faces are blank, Steve.  Just blank.  And now—now, I have this, all of this, and I—God, I have no idea what to do with this.  I want to unsee it, but I can’t.  You can’t.  Maybe he can’t, I don’t know.”
“There you go.  Beautiful.  Look at you,” Tony encouraged.  His hand glided up and down twice more over Steve’s cock, wrist twisting at the head.  A sob wracked though Steve’s body, and he curved his back into an arch, head grinding against Tony’s shoulder.  Tony’s other arm caught him as he nearly collapsed forward, a soft groan all he could muster.  “That’s it. So good.  Now, come for me, Steve. Come for me, my love, there you go.”
“Hell, we could add some gun turrets, a few repulsors, maybe some kind of booster and of course, shielding….and you’re trolling me?  You…Captain America is totally trolling me.  JARVIS, make a note.  Timestamp it. I want a record,” Tony said, grinning widely now.  Steve knew he saw it as some kind of personal accomplishment whenever Steve went anywhere off script.
A black shape formed in the sky, low over the line of trees that formed a barrier to the road.  The helicopter turned on its lights once it reached the property, sending a bright, white beam over the entire scene.
“And Pepper.  Happy.  It’ll be fun,” Tony said, while everyone continued to give him looks that clearly said they thought this was nuts.  It probably was.  Well, no probably about it.  He looked over at Steve, catching his eye with a whiff of an apologetic grimace.
“Buck, I’m going to leave this in the coffee can, okay?” Steve said, walking back into the room with a handful stuffed with bills.  “I made a list for groceries, if you want to pick some up.  And I wrote down  your medicines and appointments.  If you miss another PT, they’re gonna take you off the schedule, so…”
“What was it like?” Tony asked, picking up a slice and taking a bite of the end.  Not bad.
…we just don’t know a lot about how these things work, but…the chances, I just can’t believe…I mean, this can’t be random, Tony. There’s always been so much about the Bond we don’t understand. There’s no way to be sure, of course, but, God, what if…” he repeated, giving his head a good shake to clear it. “God, Tony. What if?
“Yeah,” Tony replied, thinking of the suit hanging in his closet.  It had to have come from Jarvis, considering that it didn’t look like something Siegfried and Roy rejected for looking too much like a walking Lite-Brite. “I have something.”
“Sir?” the bus driver cut in, reaching a hand out towards a machine next to Tony's arm. “You need to swipe your card.”
“Was that fun for you, at dinner?  The whole blind date thing, with me blathering on about my great team and how I just want them to like me?” Tony demanded, his voice coming out too thick and too hoarse, and he stopped, forced himself to draw in a breath that went down cold.  “Were you, what, humoring me with all this?  Was it pity, or—"
“Tony, my boy, good to see you!  Didn’t expect you to show, to tell you the truth,” Stane said, clapping Tony on the back and giving him a slight shake.  Steve slid his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him closer, effectively disentangling him from Stane’s grip. Stane’s eyes flicked over to him, gave him a once over, then dismissed him and narrowed on Tony again.  It was all Steve could do not to drag Tony away. The urge to get Tony somewhere that this man wasn’t was nearly overwhelming, though he tamped it down and forced himself to let Tony make his own call on this one. Tony had, at the very least, earned that right where Stane was concerned.
“Nothing…” Tony strained at the words, “nothing to be sorry about.  Though—thought you weren’t,” Tony coughed, trying to get his lungs to cooperate. His throat felt raw and hoarse. “Weren’t coming back.”
Well, okay, point to dear, old Dad, Tony thought, digging his head down into the soft pillow.  Not so much with the rising and shining, admittedly.
Tony smiled up at Steve, then stretched his arms above his head and arched his back invitingly.  He could feel Steve’s hard length against his thigh, and just the knowledge that it was because of him was enough to send a tendril of fire curling low in Tony’s belly. He expected feel Steve’s hands at the ties of his pants, pushing his legs apart like he had last night.  More heat pooled low and insistent, sending a throb of pressure that was just this side of pain through Tony’s cock.  He wouldn’t mind it again, with Steve, he thought, somewhat surprised by the admission.  Tony licked his lips, watching Steve’s eyes as they tracked the motion. Tony lifted his hips where they were pinned between Steve’s knees and let out a low moan as he pressed against the hardness of Steve’s cock.  Yes, Tony thought, feeling Steve’s hand stroke a line down his chest.  Instead, Steve stopped and traced the line of Tony’s rib with a blunt, callused finger.  Tony winced a little. It was still sore, though the bruise had mostly faded by now.  Steve withdrew his hand, then reached out and cupped Tony’s jaw, fingers probing through the curls behind Tony’s ear until he found the raised spot at the base of Tony’s skull.  Tony jerked his head away, but not in time.
like he could.
“Wasn’t sure if my message had gotten through,” Steve said, looking up at the jet and raising his hand in a little wave of acknowledgment.
Be free.
“I know.  I did the security,” Tony reminded him drolly.  “And meanwhile, you were also, what?  Playing hero?”
“S’good,” Tony said, leaning his head back. The alien stroked a hand over Tony’s forehead again, though this time, there weren’t any of the odd thoughts or feelings accompanying the gesture.  It still felt good, Tony thought. Actually, he felt good. Really good. Whatever it was the alien had done to him--and Tony realized he wasn’t so far gone that he couldn’t recognize that it was weird as fuck--he felt good. Having the best orgasm of your life did that to a person, Tony thought with a slight snort of deprecating laughter.  God, what was wrong with him? He was stuck on some alien’s ship in the far reaches of space and letting said alien do some magical, mystery cure on him that somehow involved what amounted to almost the kinkiest sex of his life. There
“Yes,” Tony replied, his voice soft.
Then he’d actually met Steve, which had gone spectacularly poorly. Not as if there had been any kind of unrealistic expectations in play, Tony thought dully. It had hurt, he couldn’t deny that, unfair though that may have been to Steve. It had been like every disappointment left festering for years was scraped out of him, leaving him hollow and empty. He’d poured them onto Steve, of course he had, damn Loki and his magic stick.
“How did the meeting go?” Steve asked.  His shoulders were tight with tension, and Tony could see the muscle flexing in Steve’s cheek.  Worried.  About Tony.  Worried, but not scared, Tony noted.  Not scared, because they were in this, whatever it was, together.  And that made all the difference.
“Yes,” Tony sighed.  He turned on his heel and walked back over to the long table, pushing a few of the papers around to finally set the cloth down on a small, golden scale. He studied it for a moment, as if he expected it to have weight, then looked up at Steve from under his brow.  “It’s complicated, a vampire’s Claim.  I hardly knew what I was getting myself into, to tell you the truth.  It was impulsive and reckless.  Selfish. I see that now, but at the time...at the time, Steve, please believe that I thought I was doing it to help you.  I never intended to...deny you the life you would choose.”
He wasn’t sure if he wanted the call he knew he needed to make, or what he would even say if he did.  Punching the familiar icon on his contacts list, Tony waited while it rang, watching the dwindling number of passersby walk across the small alleyway entrance as they made their way up and down the street.
“Give him a moment,” Bucky said sharply. Steve wasn’t sure how long he watched his King kneel there, each beat harder and harder to bear, and yet Tony’s grief was somehow a balm to his own.  It was all of theirs now, something real and visceral that Tony shared with him and Bucky now, and that mattered in a way Steve couldn’t quite explain.
“You’re sorry? That’s all you’ve got?”  the first voice demanded.  “You’re sorry. Great. Just great. You’re the one who let him get the jump on you, and now, we’re going to end up on some Upper West Side pâté plate, but, hey, no worries, because Dominic is very, very sorry, Cap, can you pretty please just maybe break our knee-caps or something?”
“Okay, okay,” Tony began, feeling the excitement start to well up again.  “So, in the first detection set, we had a gravitational-wave transient, GW150914.  Now, if we analyze coherently across the LIGO network using a suite of accurate waveform models that describe gravitational waves from a compact binary system in general relativity, this tells us that GW150914 was produced by a nearly equal mass binary black hole of masses,” Tony explained. “Taking into account that the dimensionless spin magnitude of the more massive black hole is bound to be < 0.7, and figuring the luminosity distance to the source and the corresponding redshift…assuming standard cosmology, of course.”
“You could break Tony then and where would we be?” Steve asked in what he hoped was a resolute tone.
When had anyone actually defended him or taken his side, let alone tried to…shield him from it?  Tony let out a shaky huff of almost-laughter and shook his head, rubbing at his forehead with his other hand.  He looked down at their joined hands, then raised his eyes to Steve, who was watching him with an unwavering, if somewhat hesitant, gaze.
I'm on tumblr at sabrecmc.tumblr.com.  Come on over!
“Took some doing.  Wasn’t at Coney Island anymore.  Ended up at some seedy roadside place upstate.  Had to completely refurbish it, but it’s as hideous as ever now,” Tony replied, watching the play of emotions across Steve’s face.
of a fucking vita ray detector?  I spent decades looking, trying, and nothing.
“Three months.  Possibly the longest three months of their overseer’s life, to hear him tell it,” Sitwell said with a derisive snort of laughter.
“You beg so prettily, can you blame me?” Tony chuckled.  “Eat. Then ring for Cam. He was already skulking about the hallway this morning when they brought the food.”
“Twelve, Master,” Cam replied, blinking at Steve, then looking down at his feet again.
“So, at work today, Clint fell asleep in one of the HVAC shafts and they couldn’t find him for like four hours,” Steve began, clearing his throat and hoping he’d be able to distract Tony from whatever was bothering him.  Tony always seemed to enjoy hearing about his life, though Steve couldn’t fathom why.  “Bucky wanted to duck-tape in place, but they ended up putting a picture of the new foreman on his jacket and taping his hand, uh…rather inappropriately positioned,” Steve recalled, hoping to illicit a smile from Tony.  “I think Bucky’s gonna be sorry he started that with Clint, but Bucky always…”
So, that had not gone the best, Steve thought to himself. Tony was frustrated. They all were. Their failures were orders of magnitude bigger than most, and as hard as it was on him to accept, Steve knew it was even harder on Tony. Tony thought he should be smart enough to see every permutation, to anticipate all the possibilities, and be ready for them. When he inevitably couldn’t, it chipped away at his carefully crafted armor--not the Iron Man suit, the one he wore around himself to keep that modicum of distance between who he wanted to be and who he
“I was worried,” Steve said after a moment.
Well, fuck me, Tony thought, looking up and blinking in shock at the two figures framed in the doorway.
“What’s this mean?” Tony asked, finger tracing into the groove of the carving.
The place where Tony had been laying next to him had long-since cooled, Steve realized, gazing around the bedroom and finding it empty.  He listened for the telltale sounds of the shower running but didn’t hear anything.  In fact, other than the susurration of the fan, the whole suite was quiet.  He stretched out a hand over the space next to him, finding the sheet cool.  Frowning, Steve sat up and tossed the sheet off, making his way to the bathroom where he grabbed a robe off the hook after finishing his morning routine.
“No, no—I—I need to see him.  Now. It’s important,” Steve told them.  “Please,” he said, when the older one opened his mouth, probably to voice an objection, “I wouldn’t disturb him and General Rhodes if it weren’t vital, you know that.”
A long span of heartbeats passed before Steve heard the soft footfalls of Tony’s approach.  One of Tony’s hand’s settled on Steve’s head, stroking through his hair.  He didn’t touch Steve’s cock, of course, though his eyes fell to it, gaze caressing and possessive.  Pleasure warmed Steve’s belly, coiling low, behind his straining cock.
There’s a path through the mountains.
“You should be with someone who...who doesn’t care about all that,” Steve sighed, looking down at the water before lifting his eyes back to Tony. “Don’t you want that?”
“Need.  And what do you need?  Hmmm?” Tony asked.  His tone was light, curious, but there was an undercurrent of something harsher, rougher running through it.  Desire.  Lust.  That was always there, on the surface.  But, something more. Something deeper.  Longing, Steve thought, for him, yes, but for something he didn’t think Tony even knew how to name.  He has never even dreamed the world he so desperately wants to build, Steve thought, glancing down at the coronet where it gleamed atop the bed, holding the power to move worlds inside it and nothing more than a useless ornament at the same time.
“I missed you,” Steve repeated, harder, more insistently than before, stepping forward as he did, pushing Tony back the few paces so he was pressed against the office wall, one of those inspirational posters quoting some pithy phrase about leadership while an eagle soared over mountains framed next to his head.  A gift from Tony, Steve recalled, then wondered that he’d kept it, let alone moved it to the new facility, except that there really wasn’t anything to wonder about.
He looked up at Steve then, going still, eyes wide for a moment before his face shuttered and he was motioning someone forward. Steve turned in time to see two servants come into the room bearing trays laden with food and a flagon of what Steve assumed was the requested wine.
Tony lay back on the bed and hiked the gown up, letting the cool air hit his aching cock.  A pool of slick was steadily gathering between his ass cheeks, staining the gown and probably leaking through the comforter.  Not that Steve would mind.  Destruction of things in pursuit of their mutual pleasure was sort of a time-honored tradition for them.  See Exhibit A, cabin door. Exhibit F, Cuckoo Clock. Exhibit M, like half of Tony’s lingerie wardrobe.  Exhibit T, whatever the fuck that had been on Paz’s desk that time at Shield R&D, which thank fuck, had not exploded, though coming up with an explanation for why the current mirror had the impression of his left ass cheek on it had not been his finest moment, admittedly.
He couldn’t stay here. He had a life waiting for him back in New York. Friends. Family, really.  Bucky. Nat. Clint. The twins, who arrived at Ellis Island with nothing but the clothes on their backs and who still thought they only had each other.  Thor, who laughed loudly and easily and loved the same way, even as he fought on the opposite side of the War from that of his own brother. Sam, if Steve could ever convince him to leave the sea.  Maybe even Peter, who said he had an aunt back in New York and was far too bright to languish down here. So much waited for him. So many possibilities.
Tony took that for the permission it was and slowly pressed his finger all the way in, watching as Steve’s hole gripped him, the clear gel oozing out around his finger.  He withdrew his finger to the tip and worked it in and out of Steve’s body until it slid in without resistance, then added a second finger and more lube, easing both in slowly.  He heard Steve grunt lowly and stopped, but then Steve was moving, shifting his body around on the bed and pressing down against Tony’s hand until his fingers were buried deep inside.
As he got the armor on, he tried to think back over the past few hours.  It was all a bit blurry and disoriented, pictures and feelings all wrapped up together in some nonsequential way that made it all make even less sense.  Showing up at SHIELD, messing with Fury’s desk…Steve.  God,
Steve has to make a decision as the trip to the desert approaches
After the events of Infinity War, Steve is sent back in time on a desperate mission to find the Tesseract.  Instead, he meets up with 21-year old Tony, still reeling from his parents' deaths.  Who, naturally, tries to climb Steve like a tree.  Somehow, this fixes everything.
“You did plenty, J, come on,” Tony replied, somewhat abashed.   “You can’t change the world.”
Tony was waiting for him when he walked out, tapping away at the ubiquitous phone again, an earpiece in his ear.  He popped it out and  walked over to stand in front of Steve as the clothing was whisked out of Steve’s hands to be put into boxes and garment bags.  Steve had changed back into the first outfit, the one he’d shown Tony, and Not-Paul was using a brush of some kind to smooth the wrinkles out of the shirt until Tony waved him away with a slightly annoyed grimace that slipped off his face as soon as he glanced up at Steve.  Their purchases would somehow magically appear back at the hotel, so they left the store empty-handed for all that Tony’s black American Express got quite the workout.  They waded through the crowd that had gathered outside, whoops and catcalls following them, though most seemed genuinely good-natured.
Tony pushed into the kiss immediately, eyes closing, working Steve's jaw gently with his own.  Steve was touching the back of his neck, where one of his scars was, but Tony didn't care.  Steve's touches electrified his skin, sent a warm tingle down his spine.
"--what's the point of having you working for them if you can't even keep tabs on him?" Karpov was yelling into the phone.  "He's either in Malibu or Westwood! Check one, then the other!" A pause. "Of course he hasn't sold the Westwood residence, he killed two of our agents there, no one in their right mind would buy the place now!"
Even though he was only half-paying attention to the movie, he was still able to quote lengthy passages of it.  Tony had been, like most teenage boys in the eighties, obsessed with
"Good," said Tony.  "...pretty good. Mostly good.  Steve's... weird about his neck.  And he smells different. But we're okay."  He paused. "Gleason gave me a brochure for this, um, Alpha support group."
Of course, Tony wasn't getting his present just yet. He'd have to wait till the hotel.
"And second, more importantly, why are you calling me at six am?"
Steve smiled. "спасибо. Рад видеть тебя."
"Jesus, Tony," said Sam softly, looking at Steve.
"How many times--"
"Tony..." Steve whined his name on instinct, eyes rolling back in his head as he moved to where Tony lead him. He was pliant and responsive to his alpha's touch, cheeks flushed a pretty pink and lips parting. He gasped; a soft sound escaping his lips as Tony's tongue darted out and made him shiver. Made him feel so much. Steve already knew he was getting hard and wet and he could feel Tony's very own arousal rubbing against him. Steve wanted so much things at once. His fingernails scratched at the smooth surface of the floor uselessly as he arched up, letting drag down his jeans, his long legs exposed inch by inch. Sometimes they were so much of himself he wasn't quite what to
"An admonishment to
!" cried Laura, glaring at Clint, who was grinning.  She looked over at Steve, mortified. "I am so sorry, normally he's better behaved-- Cooper, I cannot believe you, clean up that--"
The asset hopped the roof, nearly falling off, and staggered over to the tangle of blond omegas on the roof.
"I don't feel anything," he said.
Neither one of them was looking at each other.
"...thanks, buddy, you're the best," said Tony.  "You're my second-favorite omega here. Seriously, I love you."
Tony had done plenty of these after Afghanistan, and plenty more after the debut of Iron Man.  He'd gotten good at condensing big ideas into easy-to-digest ten-minute segments that various news outlets snatched up, chopped up, and aired ad nauseum.
Steve wanted to take some time to try some British classics. They brought the food in on a silver trolley, because there was so much of it, but Steve could easily clean about half of it away.
"Can I sit?"
"Do you wanna go home now?" Steve asked Tony quietly and squeezed his fingers gently, the pad of his thumb brushing over the bumps of his knuckles. Tony still felt a little too cold- like he'd really been out in all that terrible wind and snow. "It's up to you. Whatever you want Tones."
"I don't want women," said Steve suddenly, unprompted.  "You do.  You're the one who wants women.  I just want
Steve had spied on him for two weeks.  Steve had failed to inform him that he was already bonded.
Steve breathed out heavily and realised the other still had his mouth on his neck. "Does it-- does it taste okay?" he asked tentatively, suddenly a lot more with it than he had been before.
In a way both of them were war profiteers, men who fed on conflict.
," Steve pressed his forehead back against the floor. He was gone, lost in the rocks of Tony's hips. His breath hitched as his alpha slid in deeper with each one and teased him with languorous thrusts. Pepper had muttered something under her breath and left, not wanting to see the show.
"I'm sorry to hear that.  Do you think there anything in particular that might have caused it?"
He reached for the omega, shaking.  The omega had said something about someone but the words hadn't processed; he couldn't get the image out of his mind.  The sight of that mark was burned into his brain, crowding out all other thoughts.
He sat back up.  He doubted he'd be able to sleep, not with all the thoughts circling in his head.
"And the boy?" asked Tiberius.  On the screen he was watching, the boy looked blond and he was slender.  He fit the stereotypical appearance of an omega.
"I fixed it," he reassured him, wrapping his arms around the trembling omega.
The moment Steve parked the car, Bucky got out and began looking around, scanning the cars.  There, perfect: a blue Ford Focus.
She strode into Tony's room.  It was dark. Or at least, dim.  Things were never truly dark with Tony; he was wearing a wifebeater and his arc reactor was more than half-uncovered, lighting up the room with a fierce shade of blue.
Jed appeared with water and food. She pushed it along the floor to Steve then let the tent flaps back down, giving them some privacy. Steve grabbed one of the plastic cups and poured water out into it before offering it to Tony. "Here, you'll feel better."
"I swear to God, if you don't tell me," Steve whispered.
"Yeah.  Go get them," he demanded, withdrawing his fingers from Steve and rolling off of him.
"If we do early morning Tony will probably sleep through it anyway," Steve said. "Or he could just come with."
The SHIELD agent, the woman, appeared in Tony's field of vision.  Her mouth was moving, but Tony could only hear ringing.  Whatever she was saying was clearly important; her expression was stern, sharp, his gestures almost frantic.
There was a bang from down the hall and suddenly Karpov was striding in, wearing his uniform, his beret perched jauntily on his head.
More laughter, and Rex beamed, eyeing Richard adoringly.
to do right?" He said and went to grab some tissue paper. When Tony turned around Steve stepped up to dab at his lip gently, frowning when he saw the small but deep damage Justin's teeth had done.
"More," he demanded.
"Just a gardener right now, Captain," said JARVIS.
Tony leaned down to nose Steve's hair.
Steve almost smiled at their bickering. "I missed you JARVIS," he told him and it felt surprisingly normal to say to an AI.
Whilst Tony showered Steve changed his underwear and doused his face in cold water to try and hide his blush. After that he focused on trying to fix his hair. The task was almost impossible; he would probably leave it for Tony to sort out.
Tony took a step back, staring.  No.  Impossible.
Tony went quiet.
No.  No.  No.  This was all wrong.  He was feeling things, lots of things, chiefly panic, and he
"...actually, you know, you go on ahead- I just remembered have a lot of work to do, I kinda trashed my house recently.  And I should take the suit back home.  Yeah, I have a lot of stuff to do, actually.  And, you know.  Iron Man stuff," said Tony, concentrating a little too hard on rooting around under the sink.  "...I talked to Pepper and she was spitting mad, I think she's gonna unhinge her jaw and eat me next time I see her... I should swing by her office, bring her a peace offering... also I have no idea what the number is for my contractors but my house is seriously like missing walls... y'know what's weird? This isn't even the craziest birthday I've ever had, ha ha..."
Pepper rolled her eyes.  "...how are things?" she asked, gently.
"That sounds like Stark," she said grimly.
Tony scowled at her.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, concentrating.
almost as if they had been offended by the freshly made scar there.
"Well, well!  Just the pair I was hoping to see!  Anthony Stark!" She stuck out a hand.
She pulled away suddenly.
Tony dragged himself to St. Brendan's wearing sweatpants and sunglasses with the hangover to end all hangovers.
Tony held Steve's hands in his, listening to Steve describe how Bucky didn't respect him, and he nodded along.  Yes, a familiar story.  Steve, an omega, unable to get respect even from his best friend.  Tony gathered that Bucky had been an Alpha.  What a sad, strange relationship that must have been in the twenties and thirties.  Tony ached for his omega, and felt a sort of begrudging acknowledgement, almost admiration toward the man who had kept him safe, even though that man had treated him poorly.  But that had been a generation or two ago, when people didn't think of omegas as people, when omegas settled because they had to.  It was the oldest story in the book, an omega degrading himself for protection.  Poor Steve.  Tony started to reassure him, but closed his mouth, letting Steve keep talking, letting him get things off his chest.  Tony was waiting for his opportunity to jump in and reassure Steve.
Steve nearly choked. "Oh God...is that us naked? Is that supposed to be...?"
"...uh... yeah, maybe... maybe, if Steve wanted to..." said Tony weakly, overwhelmed by John's yelling.  Steve was still being practically felt up by John's two omegas.
Aria laughed and patted his arm. "Steve. It's yoga. Not
Screaming erupted and fireworks started to pop and bang outside, lighting up the dark sky and sending pretty reflections of bright purples and pinks and golds into the party. Steve and Tony's mouths slanted together and they kissed languidly. He ran his hands through his mate's hair and resisted the urge to roll his eyes when he felt Tony's hand sneak down to squeeze his ass. Cameras flashed everywhere. Steve ignored them.
"I think..." Steve's voice was quiet. "I think Phil and Clint cycle around New Year time.  I'll have to check with them. For missions Clint's often on suppressants so I think his are a little confused at the moment."
Tony could only imagine the scene downstairs, Donner proudly announcing it to a group of people who would no doubt be horrified at the idea.
; the coolant pipes would have to be run through a wall, which Steve tore through like it was a wet paper bag as soon as Tony asked.
Eric reached over to rifle Piper's hair.  "Well, what did you think of that, sweetheart?"
Once they were upstairs Steve led Tony to his room and then to bed. He undressed him down to his boxers and carefully leaned him against the pillows before he went to grab him a glass of water. He gently sat on the bedside Tony, handing him the water. Steve reached forward to brush his fingers through Tony's hair. "Thank you for not betting me," he said softly and then went to get his key, undoing his collar and setting it on the bedside.
"Yes."
Tony looked positively horrified.
He stripped off his sweat- and oil-soaked clothes and tossed them to the floor of the bedroom, and made a brief detour to the master bathroom to grab some pills from the medicine cabinet.  Tony doubted he'd go down without them. He was too stressed out, too wired.
Tony froze.  "
Tony reached over with his free hand, caressing Steve's face while he suckled at Tony's fingers.  "Who's my good omega?" he cooed softly. "That's it, good boy... you're doing great, you're pleasing your Alpha... you're such a sweet, obedient omega, I'm so proud of you," he said.  He was willing to admit already that he was in over his head.
Tony didn't move.
Drawn by the explosion, two guards had come to see what the commotion was.   Steve reached down and gripped one of Natasha's knives in his belt. But he didn't get up. He would wait for them to come to him.
Richard reappeared to check on Donner. He went over him, smiling broadly. "Still looking good Donner. Hang in there. How're you liking Breaking Bad?"
"Danielle! Come over here! You have to meet our favorite captain!  Danielle McDavid, Captain Rogers," he introduced the two of them.  Danielle was an athletic omega with dark skin, her hair tied up in little braids, younger than Banksy but older than Steve.  Her handshake was firm. "She's the head of Status Alliance, probably one of the biggest omega rights organizations in the country--"
Tony snatched the magazine from his hands.  "Just because Steve's an omega doesn't mean
Downstairs, Steve settled onto the couch with a tablet and a cup of coffee.  (Even if caffeine didn't do much for him anymore, he still liked the taste and the warmth.)  SHIELD was already combarding him with files, and those files sent his head spinning. Experiment after experiment was recorded, but the details were hazy (which explained SHIELD wanting to get in there). All the names were blurred out but when Steve saw sentences like
They'd already cut off Steve's shirt and pants.  They were relatively surprised to discover he wasn't, for the most part, injured, aside from an ankle that was either sprained or broken.  It was difficult to tell because clear Steve had been hobbling around on it and it was badly swollen. Natasha had already set it while Steve was half-conscious; he moaned weakly in pain and protest.
He was almost immediately disappointed.  He wasn't sure what he expected, exactly.  Something a lot more threatening than some skinny blond breeder.  He was expecting a tough Alpha guy in tactical gear waving a gun.  This guy practically looked homeless.  He peeked over his mother's shoulder; she shooed him back.
The Expo was looking great.  He hadn't been there since the opening ceremonies, but it was as busy as ever.  There were crowds of people, and everything was lit up.  Tony hadn't actually ever seen the front entrance; he'd dropped in from a plane using a suit when the Expo had opened.
"Right," Aria said. "Is everyone staying in the room?"
!  Things were only bad because I was dying but now-"
"Aw, let 'em, two less Alphas in the world to oppress us..."
"He's not due for weeks, Tony, he and I cycled together last time," said Phil calmly.  (He had not told Tony about Bucky waking up and did not plan to; it would only work him up further.)  "Just hold on and let me check, okay? I'm sure where ever he is, he's completely fine and in control of the situation."
Aria sighed. "Probably not."
Steve's eyes were blue, yes, blue with little flecks of green and hazel.  Steve was holding his gaze now.  Ever the stubborn omega. But this wasn't a challenging stare.  It held relief and something else that Tony wasn't sure of.
"Nick. Nick, you gotta get us out of here," said Steve, looking to him for direction.  Another wave, a ripple of pain, cut through him. "Fuck," he hissed softly, to himself.  His stomach was killing him.  The pain, paired with the adrenaline, made him want to puke.
"I like surprising people," Steve said simply, wrapping Nate up in the blankets like he was some sort of burrito.  "Read the news when you get out.  I'm an omega."
He shifted very slightly under Steve.  He could smell the other's arousal and it was creating a positive feedback loop.  Both knew the other was turned on; neither was acknowledging it, not consciously, pretending they couldn't sense it, like a pair of awkward teenagers at a prom.  Tony couldn't remember ever being this shy around someone before.  The word "shy" was not part of his lexicon.  Tony treated his partners with a bold, forward, assertive attitude that most found appealing.  But those were betas.  With Steve, everything felt...
Tony snorted and looked up at Rogers.  "Told you he was drinker.  This is only gonna get worse, you know.  Speaking of drinks, Steve, I thought I asked you for a scotch?"
"You don't think I'm a freak, do you?" Steve whispered after a moment as he dabbed at Tony's lip gently.
"It's called PTSD now," said Tony.
Stone stared at him stonily.  "Well. I've been heavily involved in omega rights.  Been in Status Alliance since ninety-one, raising awareness of the cruelty of conversion camps.  Gave testimony in the '94 case, trying to get them banned. Still legal in sixteen states, you know.  Helps that I have some first-hand experience. And now I'm on the board." He took a sip of coffee.
"Did you?"
It was oddly perfect. Steve liked England. He enjoyed he and Tony finally have time to themselves, and even if people were asking for photos and trying to talk to them, they essentially just had each other and no one else. It was nice to think that, in their very busy lives, they could make this much time for each other. When they were in the war rooms Steve was practically vibrating with excitement. He had so many memories in that room (not all of them admittedly that fun) but it was good to be back there.
He felt so
Sitwell hung up.
Despite the heat fogging Steve's brain he was still very aware that running away with the Winter Solider wasn't a good idea. He was right about what he said before; Bucky wasn't capable of consenting right now. And neither was he, really. Steve shouldn't have really kissed him but that had arguably been a tactical move.
"Statuses, dominance hierarchies, whatever. Who cares?
"I'm hearing talking, but not tasting coffee... what is wrong with this scenario?" mused Tony.
to prove this to SHIELD. He needed to prove that he was still capable, that he was still Captain America.  That one little ambush and one little miscarriage had not compromised him.  "I want to hit back. I want to show them they can't just try and take me and suffer no goddamn consequences."
not mad at you, sir."
Tony moved unconsciously in front of Steve, blocking him.  Not that Steve needed help.  Steve was enormous, bulging with muscles.  He could probably take Justin himself.  But Tony wasn't thinking.  He was reacting.  Steve wasn't even
He had to admit, the massage had worked a dream. Steve had never felt so relaxed in his life. And he'd never realised, before, just how goddamn tense he'd been. He finished devouring a terrifying amount of food and then moved to get dressed so they could go out. It was just a museum so Steve stuck with jeans and a t-shirt. And a coat, because England was freezing.
," said Banksy, giving him a kiss on the cheek before blowing past to talk to one of the teleprompters.  Tony beamed.
TONY STARK HAS PERSONAL MELTDOWN AFTER NEAR-DEATH ATTACK AT THE MONACO GRAND PRIX.)
Tony waved a hand languidly.  "Yes, shaken
, okay? Because you guys are terrible at talking about stuff--"
His phone then slipped from his fingers when he shivered and clattered to the floor. Fortunately, it was a StarkTech phone, so it didn't break.  Besides, it had a case, one that had been custom-made by Clint; it read "My Patriotism Brings All the Boys to the Yard."  Steve still didn't understand why Clint thought it was funny but he appreciated the gift.
I thought I told you to behave, what the hell do you think you're--"  Aria stopped, eyes widening a little. "...are you
"Giddy."
into this!
Steve woke in the morning to the sound of a chopper's engine outside. He sat up wearily, having not gotten much sleep. Tony's own confusion and misery was lodged deep in Steve's chest and he felt positively ill with it. He had a lot to say to Tony, but he had to say it in person. When he stepped out into the cabin's tiny kitchenette Natasha was already inside, a coffee in each hand. "You're really not good at this normal life thing, you know that?"
He pushed aside the blankets-- he felt too hot anyway.  He slithered off the couch, kneeling on the ground with Steve, leaning forward to kiss him, his hands gripping Steve's bulging forearms.  Tony's eyes closed as their lips brushed, dry and soft and sensitive; he pushed Steve's lips apart with his tongue and slowly began exploring the folds of his mouth, working his jaw against Steve's, running his tongue over Steve's lips, letting out the occasionally, possessive growl.
He began rocking his hips into Steve.  At least he had the knot to keep him satisfied until he could get hard again.  He made a mental note to sneak away and get some damned Viagra or something. Steve's eyes were half-closed and he was lovingly sucking Tony's fingers, his tongue swirling over the fingertips in ecstasy.  Tony had to admit it was very sensuous. Steve's smell alone was making him a lot more responsive than normal; he could feel himself twitching weakly inside Steve, his body desperately wanting more.
"...Pietro comes in when you're in the bath," pointed out Bucky, who made no motion to leave.
"I don't care.  He wasn't a good Alpha.  I don't want to talk about him," said Donner, again with startling confidence.  He beamed slightly. "I'm having a baby."
Tony had only ever known Steve as a big, healthy, drop-dead gorgeous icon of perfection.  He'd seen a few pictures of Steve, pre-serum, and obviously, did not find Steve as attractive in those pictures as he did now. But now that they were bonded, did it matter? Steve could be completely disfigured Phantom-of-the-Opera-style and Tony would still love him because that's just how pair-bonds worked.  Once you were pair-bonded, it was usually for life. That was why omegas whose Alphas had distanced their bond were so shunned by society; it was an unnatural and upsetting thing to think about, a bond being broken.
Tony walked over to Steve.  He was barefoot, and so was Steve; Tony was shorter by several inches.  He wrapped his arms around Steve and pressed his face into the other's chest.
"No... no, Steve, you haven't done anything at all, I'm just... Tony is stressing me out, that's all."  Pepper took a deep breath and leaned over the counter. "Steve, Tony is... not very good at... well, what you two have right now.  I care deeply about both of you and I... I want this to work out." She gave Steve another strained smile. Pepper was normally excellent at communication so her halting speech seemed very out of character to Steve.
After the initial bout, he remained kneeling, dry heaving, the heaves eventually subsiding into heavy panting.  He sat back, still within lunging distance of the bowl.
Tony stood still, arms out, while the assemblage locked around him.  "Naw, something a little more exotic. Why, did you want me to bring you one back?" he asked as he felt the heavy boots clamping on, the metal making him feel heavy.  There was a brief an very uncomfortable moment when the torso was bolted on, before it clicked into the power source, where Tony was momentarily weighed down by the full weight of the suit around him.  Then there was a high-pitched whine from the arc reactor and the whole thing charged up.
Did she just say the other Alpha was dangerous?  "
Maybe it was fake-out.  Maybe they weren't the same person and that scientist had been trying to mess with Steve's head.  But it was difficult to mess with someone's head while your leg was being broken and Tony was starting to worry Steve had been right all along, about them being the same person.  If that was the case, Tony considered himself well and properly fucked.
Sixteen frowned. "Why not? Wouldn't your parents want you to settle down?"
"All you need to know is that Steve has gone through some trauma and had a bit of a depressive episode. Or something along those lines."
, imagine such a person.  But more vividly than that, he could imagine Raza pinning down his wrists and growling in his ear and the excruciating pain of--
DeSoto's eyes watered.  "...are you... are you gonna get rid of Steve?" he asked in a tiny voice.
"I did lead an army, that one time," Steve pointed out. Piper was poorly concealing a grin. Malick looked furious and Donner looked... concerned, perhaps for Steve's safety. Or sanity.
it would be if anyone found out Captain Omega, Mr. Equality, was serving me breakfast on an actual silver platter?"  He grinned at Steve and picked up another strawberry, offering it to Steve, letting him eat it off his fingers.  He was in a great mood.  He was eager for the damned test to be over, but he was feeling pretty confident about it, too.  Short of buying crystals, Tony had leaned on nearly every trendy health practice he could.  (He drew the line at crystals and homeopathy, both of which he was fully aware were bullshit.)  Steve bringing him breakfast was the cherry on top.  ...the strawberry on top.  Whatever.
Ty went quiet for a moment, still staring at the pool. Apparently it was easier than looking up and meet Steve's gaze.  Steve noticed that, despite Ty saying he'd like a smoke, he'd made no motion to reach for any cigarettes. "Are you happy with Tony?" asked Ty finally.
hitting on them.
He pushed his coffee over to Tony for him to have. After all, Steve couldn't get the caffeine rush. He just drank it for the taste, mostly.
"Aaand why don't I cut in here?" Aria appeared, practically pushing between them. "Sorry," she said to the reporter. "Steve has to go."
Steve distantly thought of Bucky and how mad he was at him for just mating him to protect him. And yet, he was weirdly grateful in a fucked up way too.
"He asked your for help, Steve," Natasha pointed out softly, her words so gentle in comparison to everyone else’s that all heads turned her way. She stood calmly, her back soldier-straight and expression pensive. "And he did it while smelling like... well.  I don't need to explain to you what this looks like."
"I love you," mumbled quietly.  The words were weird and foreign in his mouth.  But they were true.  "...or if you, uh, don't want to watch a movie, there's, you know- we can just watch TV.  The news is still going on and on about you.  You really stirred things up."
"Oh my God.  Your arm.  What is that, is that--"
"Beats me.  Guess we'll find out," said Tony with a shrugged, idly rocking against Steve.  Steve was squirming back against him. "So... so... if I... got one for you... you'd wear it?  Just for me?" He tried not to sound too desperate.
No. No. No...
"Karpovs.  He's a vet.  Pearl found him zonked out in the sand.  He's pretty messed up.  We think some kids beat him up.  Karpovs, this is Freak, and I'm Amber, and this is Ducky.  Come on, let's get him cleaned up.
"No!  No, not yay, Tony!"
"This is Agent Thirteen on base 3 requesting immediate backup, I've got contact with HYDRA hostiles, at least a dozen--" Carter was yelling into the phone.  She had abandoned the semi and swapped it out for a pistol.  She caught Fury's eyes.  "Take the fire escape, go, take it!" she yelled, throwing a set of keys at him.
"I don't think there's time to explore much else," said Sam.  "Lead the way, man, we've got your back."
"They're great. I love them. They're awesome," Steve said, his eyes too bright.
"The word is, they shelved Fury's Avengers Initiative," said Clint.  "He seemed pretty bummed about it. Not really sure why we needed it, though.  If you talk to Fury, he always sounds like Armageddon is about to happen any day now."
you-" Steve twisted around and kicked him in the jaw, breaking his neck and killing him. He wasn't sure if he'd intended to end him but he also didn't really care at that moment in time.
Steve brushed his fingers back against Tony's but a small but sure smile. "Your support means more than anyone else's," he murmured and he meant it. Having Tony's support made him feel like this was possible, like he wasn't just being crazy. Like what Steve was asking for was
"Kneel."  He barely even whispered it.  It was so quiet that it was gone as soon as he'd murmured it, a beat of moth's wings toward a flame.  Maybe he hadn't said it at all.  Maybe he'd only thought it.  Maybe he'd only remembered how Steve had looked when he was down on one knee earlier.  The word, tiny and fragile, had already evaporated, all evidence of it wiped from existence.
"Thanks Steve. Sorry I freaked out about Tony.  I..."
"Oh no. Pipes is all I need," Eric curled an arm around her. She half-smiled; it didn't quite meet her eyes. Steve wondered if he'd keep that attitude up if Piper didn't give him a baby, or an Alpha. Or maybe he'd get mad if she tried to see her sister...Steve didn't think Eric had it in him. Eric didn't seem like
"Yes, yes, yes, it's a very anti-feminist outfit, but it is too sexy, and your unwillingness to wear it five Halloweens ago was embarrassing for both of us."
Tony felt their breaths and heartbeats sync up again, unintentionally.  He fingered the mark on Steve's neck, his feelings a confusing jumble of anger and betrayal and love and trust.
"Go to the hospital?" guessed Donner.
"He loves you, you know," Steve said, suddenly more serious. "He'd take on the world for you. You never deserved him. And he never deserved what you did to him."
"Okay, look, first of all, he's an omega, he can hit the notes.  Second, if he can't, no one will care because he's Steve Rogers. Third, there's auto-tune."
Tony tried to get around Steve, intent on getting in at least one more smack, especially since Pitbull had just punched his omega (though Steve didn't even seem to feel it, and Pitbull was clutching his hand and wincing), but Steve was doing an excellent job of blocking them from seeing each other.
"Wouldn't be New Year's without fireworks," he said.
"Steve was right.  You're nothing like Howard," observed Clint.  "He treated omegas like people."
. Thinking like wasn't going to get Steve anywhere. It would just make him more upset.
The man with the glasses sighed and rose, going to get a blanket.  He offered it to Steve, eyes glancing over him.  It was a clinician's gaze; he was checking Steve for wounds, unconcerned with his nakedness.
"Oh my God. Burgers. Yes please." Aria was starving and exhausted and grabbed one out of the bag, taking Pepper's hint before she stood with her newly acquired food and headed out onto the balcony. She took out a cigarette and lit it up as she stared out over the gardens out back. They were quite lovely. Steve could write his own tweets.
"Come on!" Tracy made a noise of delight as a new song came in and dragged Steve onto the dance floor. "We gotta dance! I wanna see Captain America slut drop!"
"I mean, we're cousins, we'll still hang out," said Donner.
Tony reached down to palm Steve's length briefly, then felt between his legs.  He was warm and slick.  Tony pulled his fingers away; they were glistening; he gave them an experimental lick.  His body reacted automatically; he felt his hardened cock twitch against Steve's leg.
"Oooh, watcha ya doing there?" Kate asked as she reloaded a magazine.
There was a round of greetings and then Fury, who'd been standing silently off to the side, opened the door into a stuffy conference room.  Tony had the feeling that he was going to be put on trial... or court-martialed.
Aria raised a hand to rub it away from his mouth with a frustrated huff. Steve felt guilty and confused. Had she really kissed him? Had he kissed her back? He wasn't really sure.
you're turning me into a sap."  He rolled his eyes at himself, but he still felt giddy.  "Maybe it's the lack of coffee talking."  He took a sip.  "...nope.  Still head-over-heels in love with you.  ...you gonna go shower?  Mind if I join?  We can get dressed, do lunch, swing by the Expo, say hello to our adoring fans..."
They spent the first few sessions sweating and rolling around in pain mostly; it wasn't until the end of October that either he or Clint was capable of doing anything more. And a month after that Steve had Clint on the floor on multiple occasions. It was getting to the point where Steve didn't feel the inducer anymore; he just got a light sweat and perhaps a little frustrated. It was the serum, the doctors told him, no one else would be able to adapt like this. Steve, of course, was then worried for Clint; as Steve began taking higher and higher doses, Clint remained unable to ignore the effects of a full dose of the stuff.
"Don't you think your fans are going to be disappointed?"
Well, that shut Steve up. He pressed his lips together into a thin line. He was still shaking.
Natasha nodded, stroking Clint's hair mindlessly.  "Tony is a selfish asshole but... I think this was a good wake-up call for him."
"I can show you what Project Eighty-Four is. It would be easier to show you than tell you." Steve said, eyes flirting up to Tony's face. "But I won't take you in if you've been drinking."
.  He decided not to mention that to Steve.
"Oh, well, Comet got bonded by the producer and Mindy OD'd on some bad dope and I just didn't want to do it anymore after that.  So anyways Comet's producer sold me here and I've been an educator ever since."
Tony closed his eyes, trying to focus on the hum of the engines beneath him instead of the words coming from the news.  "... at a hearing just last week, in fact, where Mr. Stark
And before Steve could protest Taylor was practically screeching when she saw him and throwing herself on him.
"Here you go," Steve told Tony as he handed him a plate and fork, the plate laden with pancakes and syrup. He tugged up the edge of the sheet and snuck underneath himself with his own plate of food. He took the time to reply to Clint's text before he started eating.
Steve couldn't speak. He was barely even aware of the exchange with Karpov. He couldn't function. He couldn't think. All he could try and do was fight off the heat that threatened to burn through him. He was shaking and sweating and he knew he didn't have long to try and talk Bucky out of this.
Tony scanned the crowd, relieved when he finally spotted Steve waltzing with some woman, followed immediately by a pang of jealousy.  The women looked vaguely familiar. Was she a reporter?
"He can come around on the thirtieth if he wants," Steve said, figuring he'd have nothing better to do. "Nat and Clint have said they can come too, right?" He checked and Aria nodded. He missed them. He hadn't seen his friends in a while, because of the heat and Christmas and house arrest...
it's hardly my fault if you're dumping a bunch of unstable compounds into the soldiers I'm supposed to be programming!  That's a variable I can't-- yes, of course the Winter Soldier is still-- now you listen, there were plenty of subjects enrolled in Project Guiding Star that
Tony let Steve towel him off and the two of them curled into the massive bed together.  Steve snuggled up to Tony.
"Great," said Tony, playing with his phone.
"Stan! What are- Stan, don't! It's not safe!" Pepper hollered after him, Happy holding her back from joining Steve out on the track. He knew it was dangerous. Reckless. But everything was just white noise around- the roar of the crowd a distant sound. All he could see was Tony. And Tony was in danger.
Tony glanced at himself in the mirror.  His shirt was dirty and splattered with blood.  "...the media's really gonna lose it now.  God, their heads are gonna explode," he sighed.  "Well... this can't really get crazier, huh?  Come on, let's go steal some cheese cubes."
Tony cocked his head.  There had been a subtle change in the air around them.
Tony cracked an eye open.  "Send her up. I'm not moving."  He closed the eye again, trying to focus on his breathing, on Steve, on
He slumped, leaning forward and resting his forehead against Tony's chest for a moment. He breathed out steadily.
She rose.  "Oh, damn, I just started peeling this thing..."  She tossed the orange in the trash and, slinging her purse over her shoulder, walked into the court to get up on the stand.
The man was staring at him, and Donner looked down to the floor respectfully.  He wasn't supposed to look Alphas in the eye, and he was a
It occurred to him that the guy on the fridge was probably dead.  Maybe Aunt Peggy was, too.  When was the last time he'd spoken to her, anyway?  If she passed away, he would have heard about it, right?  Someone would tell him, right?  He hadn't talked to Aunt Peggy in about twenty years.
"I want to provide money for legal representation and terminations if omegas need it. I want to provide something to protect omegas for when the system fails them," Steve said, letter shaking a little in his hand. There was nothing like that for them back in the forties-
"...Steve?  Running wild?  Nonsense," said Tony.  "He was getting me a drink.  That's allowed. Go ahead, check my phone."  Tony dug into his pocket and showed the other man a text.
He was supposed to be sleeping now.  But he was aroused and it was proving to be impossible to ignore.
he thought; no wonder Lupita and Aaliyah had put up with him for all those years; they had both probably retired rich), plus the cook and two maids and a groom and a driver and a personal bodyguard, but nothing at all to indicate they'd ever had a butler.  Had Howard just paid him under the table, in wads of cash?
"No, no, his step-son.  He was bonded to Chris Bakerfield, if I recall correctly."
He had to admit he felt a little bit gypped.  He hadn't realized bonding was a monogamous commitment.  The last women he'd slept with was a nobody, some model with a name like Candy or Bambi or something, and if he'd know she was going to be the last... well, no use thinking about it now.
"Edwinium sounds a bit more dignified.  Who's Edwin?"
Tony cracked his eyes open, watching appreciatively as Steve walked away.  His back was as muscled as the rest of him.  He was gorgeous; it was like having a Greek statue come to life and wander around the house.  Tony felt a throb of arousal between his legs.  He watched Steve stroll back, casually, as if they'd been doing this for years.
"Mm.  Yes. ...I'd like to talk to Steve in private about his situation," said Gleason.  "My concern, of course, is for everyone's safety. Two Alphas bonded to the same omega... could get gritty."
"...is there anyone special in Captain America's life?"
His hands were fastened with some kind of shackles behind in his back. Even if the knife was still under his sleeve, he had no way of getting to it. His hands were fixed a good five inches apart. It was uncomfortable. They hadn't fastened his legs together; with his ankle they needn't have bothered.  It was possibly broken, definitely sprained.
!  I was looking for you!"
Tony didn't have a scratch on him but Steve knew that fights weren't that simple. Tony had killed people, and was frustrated and pained by Steve's heat. He didn't know how the other would cope with it; Steve knew he'd killed people before in the suit, but as far as he knew that was when he was escaping a cave of his torturers, not invading a secret lab. Steve hoped he would be okay.  Now wasn't the time it ask.  The two of them needed distance, time to process, and currently both were in silent agreement that they'd rather fuck than talk.
But all three of them grinned, holding up peace/victory signs, and Tony took the picture.
From Aria:
Tony caught himself, realizing that the ghost of what had happened to Steve had been present with them since Steve had returned.  And even if they hadn't been talking about it, it have been hovering over them, influencing their relationship all along.
He held the door open for her so she didn't have to fiddle around with all the reports under her arms. She thanked him and slipped out. Steve wasn't sure but he was pretty certain he spotted Happy waiting out in the driveway behind the wheel. He smiled subtly and let the door slip shut.
Pepper understood, nodding as she pulled out her phone.
He'd lost Bucky to Karpov the minute the man had walked in. Even more reason for Steve to end him. Right now he was by himself. And he might have to fight Bucky if the other was given orders to hurt him. He would have moved to stand up but he also didn't want to embarrass himself.
Once in the lobby, Steve took the stairwell.  He lived on the seventeenth floor, but the stairs never winded him and he found climbing them to be a good way to burn off some energy and have some quiet time to think.  He took the steps two at a time and then he was home. Inside his safe and secure apartment.  It was small, but stylish; after all, SHIELD had paid for it. But above all else it was homely. The kitchen was tucked away in a broken off corner from the living room, and all of the furniture was shaded in soft creams and a duck-egg blue. His sofa was large compared to the TV, which was small; the bookcase was swamped with literature he was starting to think he'd never quite catch up on. His bedroom had huge windows which left it full of light; the bed was piled high with blankets- more than he needed, really.  But Steve had always hated the cold.  Or even the idea of it.
"So... horror movies are a whole... thing of their own now, huh?"
.  He's asking to be treated equally.  Like a human being. And considering everything he's done for the country, I think he deserves at least that."
"--so you two should definitely chat, but
"Psh, no, I'm Iron Man," said Tony dizzily, letting Happy grab him.  His hair was a mess, there was dirt all over his face, he'd definitely taken at least one punch to the eye, and his boxers were torn and threatening to come off.
They dozed most of the day away. Steve only woke when they brought in a hospital dinner. It was some sort of lasagna. The meat was processed and the vegetables watery but it was warm and filling and that was all Steve really cared about. It felt so good to eat proper food again after eating nothing for so many days and then being on a drip. They drank their tea cold after. It was still sweet.
"It's a present for you, for Christmas.  For you to enjoy," said the omega patiently.
"It's okay.  I don't need much sleep.  I can stay up and wait for Mr. Stark in case he decides he wants me," said DeSoto pleasantly.  "Do you mind if I have a drink, though?" He got up and walked over to the bar himself; clearly, he didn't think Steve had any real authority here.  That was on Tony, but Tony was passed out cold. This must be like a vacation for DeSoto.
problem, it would be a piece of cake to fix it.  But as an emotional one... Tony knew when to quit, when to fold, when enough was enough.  He had mated Steve because Steve's smell had called to him in a way no other scent had.  But he hadn't done it right and he'd been too late and it was his fault everything was a mess.
"Yinsen?" he called.
Dr. Gleason heaved up his bag.  "I have enough here for six days, which should be more than enough.  Every hour, on the hour. And one morning-after pill every ten to twelve hours.  It's not a guarantee but it's better than nothing."
"...what happened to your leg?" The doctor asked, staring at the bandage and sounding a little hesitant.
"Tell the president I'm balls-deep in-" began Tony, but Steve was already shushing him.
He looked over at Steve pleadingly.
Although, for once, Tony felt like the kicking had been worth it.
"Shut up, you were putting SoCo lime in this earlier, man, you have no idea what you're doing--"
after all.
"Yeah," he said, voice quiet. "I would."
Bucky looked down at the notebook in his hands.
Tony gave Steve a weak smile, but it didn't reach his eyes.  He could feel Steve's uneasiness in his gut.
"I need a nap now," said Donner, quietly, looking miserable.  He gave Steve a very gentle push away, more of a suggestion than anything.  "Will you wake me up when Giddy comes? I have to see him."
Tony had been around plenty of omegas right before and right after heats, but had only ever been around a single omega in full heat.  Jarvis had holed himself away in his father's study whenever he was in heat, but Tony remembered the first time he'd been near him after puberty.  If he recalled correctly, he'd somehow ended up dislocating his own shoulder trying to impress him.  Not his proudest moment.  After that, he'd avoided Jarvis, hating the confusion he'd felt during those times.
England had banned the camps they were looking into with Project 84 back in the nineties. It seemed America had some catching up to do on that front. And stuff like conversion therapy still existed for homosexuals and acers and the like. Again, it was banned in England. Although they did seem to have some gross old Alpha groups, like the 'Bullingdon club'. They weren't perfect. And they were
get to see me like that."
Donner whined.  "It-- it hurts so much.  Can't-- can't you make it better?"
"You fuckin' kidding me?"
Bucky's hair prickled a little at the mention of Stark.
Tony darted across the room and lunged at the phone.  "Who the
He didn't bother saying anything about Stark. Steve wasn't about to apologise on Tony's behalf.
"You can just rest if you want to... you're still healing," he added.  "...whatever you want to do Steve, I wanna, y'know, support that..." He reached over to run his fingers through Steve's short blond hair.
"You should eat," said Phil quietly, edging the sandwich Sam had brought over toward Steve.  He was sealing the swabs into little tubes and then the tube into envelopes, labeling them with small, neat handwriting.
Huh.  He'd sort of thought limbo would be longer.  Like, at least a few hundred years.
Tony drank the water offered to him gratefully, then said, "Ella Fitzgerald is dead."
accept your mistakes, which is why all we're asking for is for an apology to the prime minister of Yemen, instead of throwing you in jail!"
"This is all assuming neither of the other
"Maybe," Steve breathed after a beat, a little overwhelmed. There was so much he wanted to say. He wanted to refute so much of it, but he knew Tony wouldn't believe him. Steve could tell him a hundred times over that he'd make a good father but it wouldn't sink in.
The discovery of the graffiti that was still there got Steve feeling nostalgic.  A quick search on Tony's phone led them to his grave. Falsworth had lived a good, long life and had gotten quite a few accolades: Order of Burma, Africa Star, Defence Medal, and the War Medal.  It was strange to think of him dying as an old man. The way Steve cheerfully told stories about Dum Dum and Falsworth and the rest of them made them sound like they were still young men, not even yet thirty.  But most of them had long since passed away and the ones that remained with in Boswell's age group, and they had grand kids and even great-grand kids. Tony kept a firm hand on Steve's shoulder as they stared at the gravestone.
"Cool, can you?  That would be swell.  Where's Tony?"
"Shh," said Bucky softly, gently, nosing the omega's hair.  "Shh... it's okay, Stevie, I promise... I'll take you somewhere else, then, where ever you want... we won't cooperate with them.  I promise."
"We need to get out of the city and away from cameras," Steve breathed, taking a turn a little sharper than necessary. "But if they catch up with us, you don't fight anyone, alright Buck? You just put your hands up. You don't try and kill Tony. They all think that you're dangerous--"  Another sharp turn.  "Prove them wrong."
Tony let Steve lace their fingers together, and he squeezed his hand lovingly, staring out the window.
"We should mention it to him when we get back. Might be better explained in person," Steve said, popping a few more slices into his mouth. He was worried about them coming across as insensitive, especially considering that a normal heat with his mate was something Ty could never have.
But he smelt just like he used to...
it was HYDRA). With HYDRA Steve could be cold, merciless and not feel bad. He felt a little bad about all this.  The man was unarmed and unconscious and wearing a suit, as if he were a normal person.
Awkwardly, Steve wiggled up the bed so they could get more comfortable. He brought his arms under his chin, forearms settled under his head comfortably. Tony was warm and thick and pleasant inside of him. The kind of calm that washed over him when they were knotted together was like nothing else. "Good," he hummed sweetly. "I'm glad."
Steve stared blankly.
He quickly changed the subject to business.
Then Aria went quiet. "You know, if he was so shitty...why did you keep a picture of him on your fridge, Steve?"
Tony grinned up lazily at Steve, holding his hips.  "Love ya," he said casually, tensing a little as he felt Steve sheath his cock.  "Oh... oh, Steve..."  He nuzzled Steve's cheek, moving his head aside to catch his lips in his teeth, growling softly, encouragingly.  His tongue ran over Steve's lips, parting them; the feeling of Steve squeezing his knot left him breathless and desperate in the best of ways.
"...that's because you weren't technically assigned to this mission," groused Natasha into her headset.
"Open presents.  Also I got you a cake in the fridge," said Tony, one hand wearily over his eyes.
on me?  I've been up to my ears in phone calls, Tony, they took the Mark II platform, I've got three different patent lawyers on hold right now and the Department of Defense is breathing down my neck, and you can't even drag yourself to come get breakfast with me?  I think the
"What happened to his arm?" asked the omega.
Tony spat on the ground, realizing his mouth was filled with blood.
Maria's hand flew up her to mouth.  "Oh, Lord--
.  Steve believed in people and causes and stuff, and Steve worked to make the better place for purely selfless reasons.  The truth was, Tony's motivations were a lot more self-centered; he was making up for his past sins.  Iron Man was a sort of penance.  Steve had nothing at all to make up for, at least, not in Tony's mind.
"You've had dreams about him before, no? Like you said. You saw him outside the house. Are you sure you didn't dream again?" Sitwell pressed and Steve paused in thought. He thought hard and long, racking his brain. But there was nothing. No dream that he could remember.
She smiled.  "Hi, Captain.  Thanks," she said, her voice perfectly normal, not at all the giggling, hypnotic tone it had been back in July.
"Uh, I'm part of his presentation?  He's our contractor since Stark, Industries doesn't make weapons anymore?"
"Rogers," he whispered again.  "I... I don't feel good.  I gotta go outside and have a smoke.  You wanna come with?"  He didn't add that he hated the way Howard was parading him around like a fancy little show dog.  He wondered if he should possibly tell Rogers the truth: that he didn't know how he'd gotten here or what his name was or even what Rogers's name was, and that he was frankly not sure this was real and that it was possible they were having this conversation in a trench somewhere in France.
back rubs, don't you?  This, us, cuddling... I'm not just imagining that, am I?"  A pause.  "Why don't you take suppressants, Rogers?  Since you're, you know... since you can't mate and don't want an Alpha.  Wouldn't it be easier?  I mean, what happened on the plane..."  He let the question hang.  He suspected what had happened on the plane was equally embarrassing for both of them.  He wanted to ask Steve, just like he'd asked Pepper and Happy, if that was a normal reaction, why he responded so dramatically to Steve.  But he didn't.  He felt awkward, like he ought to know already.
"...er, yes, it's possible, it could be," conceded Dr. Gleason.  "But there's no way to know for s--"
A lot of people stared at him. Steve froze.
"Steve! Get him to eat something!" She called out as she headed upstairs but Steve was too distracted by Tony to reply with anything but a moan. He trembled against his mate and whined, low in his throat, arcing his head back into Tony's touch.
Inside there were more of them, milling around like lionesses waiting for a hunt.  Even though they were omegas, they radiated a sort of ruthless, efficient danger... there was no doubt, none at all, that every single one of them was a trained killer.
"How is it?" Aria glanced over the bed, pulling a face. "Looks like everything is back in working order."
Tony raised his hand.  "...what the hell does POSSV stand for?  Your pamphlet never said."
She sighed, rising.  "You know I'm not your PA anymore, right?"
"Certainly, Captain," the AI replied.
Steve was a little self-conscious about photos being taken but he also could never tell what people were doing on their phones.  Maybe the clicking noises weren't a camera shutter.  Maybe they were just playing... what was it? Candy crash?
"Going to the pool was a treat for me." Steve murmured.
Tony pulled away from Steve, an enthusiastic grin spreading onto his face.  "...I have a surprise for you," said Tony. He looked over at Pepper. "Didja get it?"
Tony had to admit, he was relieved.  The nurse's comment about "bouncing back" rang true with him.  His body had recovered from the palladium poisoning; a month ago, he was certain he'd be dead by now, but instead, every test was showing him that he, like his father, was going to live a good, long, shockingly healthy life.
Tony ran his hand through Steve's hair before he found Steve's hand again under the table.
"What?  No!"
He decided to take a leaf from Phil's book and act as passive-aggressively as possible.  Phil was really starting to annoy him.  He wondered if Phil had any sort of weird power he didn't know about; if he hit Phil or tried to boss him around, would Phil suddenly reveal some crazy talent?  Shoot lasers out of his eyes?
Omegas are
Beth lit up a cigarette behind them with a roll of her eyes.  "The more things change..." she began.
"Nope," said Tony.
They stepped out of the way of some dancers and Steve reached up to wipe up at Tony's face with the napkin again. The bleeding had mostly stopped, but it still looked sore.
Steve peeked up at Tony almost meekly. "We never found Bucky's body," he added, distantly, "in the snow."
She gave him a weak smile and swiped his hands away.  "You're
Banksy and Tiberius both looked fascinated by this interaction; their experience with bonded omegas was largely negative, but Brent and Jeff had an easy way of getting along, as if they were unaware of each other's statuses.
"Try and touch me again and I'll break you hand," Steve told Frond flatly and the woman laughed, like the idea was cute. He stepped closer to Tony, who clearly had had too much to drink. The fact that he'd bet himself was pretty ingenious though, Steve had to admit. It was playing them at their own game. And he was also glad that Tony hadn't bet
"Did you say Tony was with you?  Is he in trouble?  Can you put him on?" she asked.  Still, there was no anger in her voice, nor surprise.  Virtually everyone had an ulterior motive.  Tony was rich and powerful, with access to cutting-edge weapons and resources.  Finding out his PA had been a plant was disappointing but not unexpected.  Finding out the government was trying to recruit him for some weird team was also not unexpected.
"But you're normal."
He rolled out of bed, wincing on his bad ankle.  It was a lot less swollen; a night of having no weight put on it had done it good.  Tony threw on a t-shirt and a pair of board shorts; outside it was a dazzlingly sunshiney day and he was thinking he might float around in the pool for a bit.  "JARVIS, I know you're already doing a whole bunch of stuff, but if you happen to have any free time, could you also start compiling a list of all the people who sent us flowers so I can make Pepper send out thank-you cards?"
Also, Tony hadn't
," said Tony.
"Yes, thank you."
"But you trust Fury, right?"
"Oh." Steve's face fell a little before he could stop himself. Aria offered a weak smile. They both knew why Tony was sick. "So... what happens now?" He rubbed at the nape of his neck awkwardly.
Natasha propped open an emergency exit; it no longer mattered if they triggered any more alarms.  They were way past that.
"Tony.  Describe how Steve smells," said Sam.
"--charity fundraiser on Friday during his public address to benefit the Emergency Student Fund of the Institute of International Education, with the intent of aiding Yemeni and Syrian students of all statuses."
Or rather, tried to stand.  The moment he put weight on his bad ankle, he nearly fell, barely managing to catch himself.  He gave a sharp, hissing intake of breath.  "Okay... right... that.. Steve, can you..."  Tony gave him an embarrassed look, reaching for him. He consoled himself mentally, knowing that this was between them.  Besides, it's not like omegas weren't designed to help their Alphas.  Being carried around was sort of like helping, right?  Tony was almost positive he'd seen Jarvis drag Howard around drunk once or twice.
President Ellis laughed a little awkwardly.  "Now, I thought this was supposed to be a friendly little get-together to celebrate a new bond.  No politics, please, it disagrees with me."
, or something like that.
Tony patted Steve's hand.  "Yeah.  You're right.  That's me," he agreed.
"You can sleep in the bed, Steve."  His voice was cold and without emotion
He opened his eyes.  A young woman in a lab coat was peering at him through thick glasses that magnified her eyes.  "Welcome back," she said.
The crowd laughed good-naturedly. Steve felt mildly disturbed. Did most of the Alphas here not get their omegas off during sex? What was
Tony let out a small moan and moved his head a little, then was still.
Steve lay on the floor, shivering, mumbling; Pepper and Maria Hill had grabbed Louis and were going over the ample contracts they had all signed for the interview, all too aware of how bad Steve's current state was and how it would look on camera.  His publicist, usually on top of non-disclosures, watched as Dr. Gleason depressed the plunger on a second syringe of sedative.
"Right. Three, two, one..."
He reached over to open the door, but Steve was already getting in.
Steve smiled. It was small but sincere. "If you want that," he added.  He wanted to give Tony the opportunity to say no, if for some reason he was inclined to.
Then Steve made coffee. He left one on the coffee table in front of DeSoto for when he woke up, and then took two cups into the bedroom, one for him and one for Tony. He set them down on the bedside and then knelt down beside the bed, gently reaching up to shake Tony's shoulder. "Hey, Tony," he murmured. "Time to wake up."
"What did you do?" demanded Pepper, pointing to Tony.
and, yes, even
"Oh.  Oh! Yeah!  Right!" said Tony, grateful for the excuse.  "Steve, look. Fans."
and now Steve had someone's else's teeth permanently imprinted into the back of his neck.
"Right, combat fatigue."
"...does this
.  He wanted to demand to know what Steve had done to him but he didn't want Steve to know how susceptible he was to Steve's suggestions.  His body had tuned itself to Steve's frequency; every emotion Steve felt was communicated to him via scent and Tony felt almost like a mind reader.  Worse, he was pretty sure it worked both ways and Steve could sense what he was feeling.
Donner looked petrified.  He slogged through the paperwork, clearly disappointed that this process had any paperwork involved at all.
"Everyone's more dominant than Mr. Stark," said Donner.  There was a hint of challenge in his voice.
He could feel the other beating himself up over this and Steve felt exasperated. Tony was nothing like the Alphas back at the conference.
Steve shot Tony a grin and walked over to the board beside him. "They're exactly what you think they are," he told him, sounding almost proud.  "So red, blue and yellow represent the three main companies that run the majority of the camps. And then green is for the odd independent one.  The biggest company, the Trinity Trust, owns and runs over thirty of them. They're in red. And also they're the company that Gideon Malick supports."
He picked up his phone and dialed, sitting on the edge of Steve's bed.  He thought about how he'd gotten the mugs, running a hand over his goatee thoughtfully.
is an expression.  It's a
Gideon looked unfazed.  He simply smiled. "Okay, I'll leave.  Are you coming, Donnie? I miss you."
"The lawyers have compiled cases about every single one of the camps," she explained patiently.  "They'll turn it in tomorrow; meanwhile, teams will be distributed to the camps themselves and set up temporary shelters for the survivors.  We'll be working closely with local law enforcement. The Red Cross will be on site as well to help. The most important thing is documentation.  When we go in, with the warrants, we'll be taking pictures of everything. Every kid gets a rape kit, gets interviewed, every file gets seized. More ammunition for us.  We expect to be able to serve all the warrants simultaneously first thing on July 4th. Since it's a national holiday, they won't be expecting it. That's the idea. Catch them off-guard so we can go in and start making arrests and getting the kids out of there.  Right now, we estimate getting between one and two thousand... I think sixteen hundred is probably the most reasonable estimate. The programs are small, twelve to twenty kids, but of course there may be some... unexpected.... you know."
Pepper grabbed his arm.  "Tony, you need to stop for a second and breathe."
Clint crossed his arms over his chest as if to make a point.
didn't feel like a serious enough word but Steve didn't think Tony wanted this conversation to
"...are you sure you're ready for this?"
"Captain America's here!" yelled someone.
Pepper offered him a drink.  He thanked her, took it, and proceeded to begin arranging it around the countertop without drinking from it.
soldier positions. He'd also heard of some form of beserker rage that was apparently unique to omegas, but that was only mentioned in old myths and stories. There was no real mention of it now. "So you've met them before, the royal family?"
Tony picked up a piece of bacon and examined it, then took a bite.
He kept going over and over in his head the things the omega had said to him.
They strolled down a hallway together.  It was white, the lights too-bright. No windows, giving the impression that where ever they were, it was subterranean.
Pepper rolled her eyes.  Tony was tugging on Steve's hand insistently.  Now that Gleason was gone and he wasn't being prodded, his anxiety had faded.  He was in his own home, safe and with the two people in the world he trusted most, and Steve was okay, and everything was going to be fine.
"Platinum with opal, sapphire, and pearl enameling," said Lydia, appearing by Tony's side.
"Thank you," Steve said and located the pancakes on the edge of the counter, piled high on a plate. "What's your name, son?"  To be fair, Steve was only physiologically in his late twenties.  But he felt so much older than that.  And despite his youthful looks, most people who knew him treated him like he was older, because his mannerisms were that of a much older man.  A man of his own generation.
Bucky stopped dead in his tracks and his head tilted when the speakers came on.  His eyes were turning glassy.
"Yes. Yes--" Steve moaned, trying to nod even though Tony couldn't really see it. His thighs trembled with need, fingers digging into the sheets tightly. "I need it. Please. Give it to me. I
When Tony was in his right mind he didn't talk much about it and there were no files on him anywhere; he refused to see a shrink and tended to avoid even regular doctors, which was part of the reason SHIELD had assigned Steve to tail him, because Tony was, for all his outlandish, outgoing behavior, a remarkably private person.
Peggy ushered them into the house and led them into the living room. She disappeared momentarily and then returned with a tray that held a teapot on it along with three sets of cups and saucers. There was a small jug for milk and a little bowl full of sugar cubes. Steve liked the way the British sat down and enjoyed tea 'properly' (as Peggy constantly insisted).
"Captain America wears a great big star on
Steve grabbed his towel and pulled it up to dry his hair before moving to select clothes. Normally he wouldn't care all that much. But he was going to an 'Alpha' bar and he needed to dress for it. People might take pictures of him, too, and Steve wanted to make it clear that he was coming back fighting. He was not a victim.  He was Captain America.
that he was right.  Telling Natasha would spark a fight that would not end well.  Ultimately, the only thing that mattered was that Barney was safe.  Picking off old scabs would not change the past.
"...this evening."
Pepper appeared and she looked alarmed at the amount of papers Tony was holding. "What are those?"
It was a stupid and childish fantasy. The idea of Steve letting Gideon mate him was laughable. He wouldn't entertain the man's fancy, not for a second.
"I'm parked outside the entrance." Sam told her over comms. "I'll stay outside."
"We're in the middle of nowhere," said Cooper.  "Jason's house is like miles and miles away and you have to take a car to visit him.
Once they were inside Steve felt uneasy. There was something familiar about the place. It reminded him of the school he used to attend back in the forties. He could have sworn the tiles on the floor were the same kind. When the two Alphas in front of Lawrence spotted Steve (in uniform, he was hard to miss) their eyes went wide.
Tony had never asked but he wondered, suddenly, if omegas could interpret status standing as easily as Alphas.  If it was as powerful, as obvious to them. If it had the same impact.  Steve kept saying how he didn't care or didn't notice.  Was that true?  Did omegas not sense that the way Alphas did?
“You invited Fury?
to finally get
"I dreamed about the accident.  ...lately I've been having this dream where I can see them.  They died instantly but in the dream, they didn't. My mom's alive and asking for my dad and I look her right in the eye and then I reach for her and then I wake up."  A pause. "I drink a lot so I don't dream. Since the whole Afghanistan fiasco, my subconscious hasn't really played nice." Another pause. "I feel better today, though."  Pause. "Y'know it's been almost a year since we met, almost? We met in April and bonded in June." Pause. "...you can count them if you want."
Steve placed a hand on Tony's shoulder to guide him to the bedroom and warn him before he moved to straddle his waist. He leaned down to whisper in Tony's ear. "Surprise. You can open your eyes," he murmured. Steve was clad in nothing but a navy pair of shorts, the material soft and leaving very little to the imagination. "And yes. They are the original pair."
"You don't need an omega's forgiveness.  He's nothing. Just another little Icarus waiting for the sun to drop him back down to earth.  If it weren't for Stark, we likely would have already captured him."
"So, I destroyed that CCTV footage from the HYDRA base. But I did watch it first, just to be sure."
"A sex tape?  You mean like pornography?" Steve asked, sounding scandalized, and Natasha yelled a responding
Pepper put her phone in her pocket.  "Tony. Steve is still missing. That was a simulation of what it would feel like if something happened to him if you refused to do anything because of your pride."
"Tony.  Take the suit off," growled Rhodey.
He paused for a moment to look him over.  Steve was a walking contradiction. His arms were the size of a normal man's thigh, and when he wore plain t-shirts, which he often did, the shirts clung to the outlines of his pectoral muscles.  He was taller than Tony, bulkier, yet still so distinctively
. It was nice to hear it out loud. It made him feel almost giddy. He realised he was smiling, blue eyes glittering.
...but for bad reasons. They weren't the kind of 'good' feelings Steve ever wanted to indulge.
Steve looked at himself in the mirror. He honestly thought he looked exactly the same as when he walked in here in the first place. He squeezed Tony's hand back gently. He felt...weird. Banksy had given him a strange sense of self-doubt. Didn't Steve follow what he preached? Wasn't he an all-independent omega who was capable of standing up for himself?
"I'm assuming you're not going into this blind, right?" Steve spoke after a few beats of silence. "I mean...Tony's right. This isn't good for anyone's mind. So I don't think you'd put me through this unless you had an end goal in sight. You're supposed to be the country's brightest and best. Come on, you must have some idea what caused it. And that's why you wanna put me back in there, right? To confirm it. You don't take unnecessary risks with your captain's brain." Steve leaned forward. "So. Tell me. What do you think is causing it?  A program glitch or something? And then,
He checked Tony's temperature before he went to bed. He felt a little clammy, but there was no warning signs, no indication he was in dire straits.  Steve touched his temple; there were a few stray silver hairs there.  They played into Steve's worries about mortality and the fragility of human life.
trusted you.  And I thought you would appreciate that... and also appreciate that we were caring for your mate.  Yes, that's right, I know all about Barnes being in cryo over the JDE Mission Facility. You know, several members of the WSC, including myself and Mr. Pierce and Mr. Singh, thought it would be better to permanently eliminate the asset.  But you got what you wanted, Barnes all safe and sound... and this is how you repay me?" Gideon tsked. "I also happen to know, by the way, why you were so insistent on going to Zephyr Hill. I know Trickshot was there, and I know his relation to our own Hawkeye.  I thought it better not to rock that boat. Trickshot was being taken care of and besides, I didn't want Hawkeye to end up with littermate syndrome and begin slacking off. He's a very good agent, for an omega. ...surely you didn't think that SHIELD was unable to track down Trickshot?  Of course we knew. But we blocked Hawkeye from it; it would have only upset him. You do like upsetting people, don't you, Captain?"
Tony re-emerged from the bedroom after packing, once more dressed in his squirrel onesie and a pair of sunglasses. He'd lingered a little too long, trying to recover from the strange and upsetting interaction with DeSoto.
"Doug!" snapped Tony.  "I'm paying you to pancake, not ask questions!  ...but yes, Steve gonna be singing. Did you know he was in a barbershop quartet?"
But the conversation had already turned to the show.
Eventually Steve spoke up. "I won't let anyone hurt you ever again," he whispered in a promise and pressed a kiss to Tony's temple. A few seconds of silence followed. "It nearly killed me, watching Vanko out on the racetrack. I wanted to do something. I knew I could have had him down in seconds. But I didn't want to blow my cover. If you'd gotten killed I don't think I could have ever of forgiven myself."
"I really don't think he knows where they took him," said Phil.  "Unfortunately, he's probably telling the truth."
"Were you dreaming, maybe?" Pepper prompted and Sitwell looked at her like she was a genius.
Tony spent the day happily replacing the muffler on one of his cars while JARVIS pinged him with every update in the newest Steve Rogers interview.
Tony reached up, dragged a hand over his face, aware for the first time that he was shaking.  "...okay..." he whispered to himself, closing his eyes.  "....okay."
Steve really didn't know what to think of it, but he knew that he wasn't being manipulated and that, consciously, he was perfectly in control of himself and his actions.  Therefore he was not really a threat to SHIELD.  The Winter Soldier might want his help...but that didn't make him one of the good guys.  Steve prided himself on being able to make that distinction.  He ran to a band called the Black Eyed Peas and after a while, the dream as nothing more than a vague memory and he couldn't even remember anything, aside from the feeling of guilt at the end, when he'd been called dirty.
"Did you drop off your omega?"
"Come on, let's get you out there," said Aria.  Her and Pepper's phones were both going wild, and Tony looked thoroughly depressed about it.  It wasn't that he was personally embarrassed (okay, maybe a little), but that he didn't want to make things any harder on Steve.  His role was going to be standing behind Steve, looking supportive, letting everyone know that he was still with his omega. Tony wasn't used to standing still or being quiet, but there was a first time for everything, he supposed.  He was going to stir up plenty of headlines just by standing behind Steve and wearing a horseshoe pin.
"Brent got all choked up at the end there," agreed Jeff, shooting a teasing look over at his Alpha; Brent grinned helplessly and shrugged, bouncing the sleeping baby while Pepper fawned over it.
Tony's neck prickled in alarm; she was
There was a pregnant pause on the other line.  "...I see. Well, Dr. Thompson, this does present another problem.  You see, our school only accepts unbonded girls, the goal, of course, being for them to be bonded when they graduate.  You understand that our clientele doesn't really... want omegas that are already marked."
Across the cafeteria, a couple of young men in fatigues were watching Steve and jostling each other.  Actually, they were really just jostling one kid.  He was almost a head shorter than the rest and Steve was willing to bet anything he was an omega.  The kid was bright red and was clearly shy; the rest of his peers were gesturing excitedly toward Steve and trying to push him over.
He got on the bike after Steve with a small laugh at Steve's comment.  "Yeah, I'll try not to get us stuck like this this time around," he said, slipping his arms around Steve's waist.  Steve gave it a few revs and then they roared out of the garage.  Steve, Tony discovered, rode similarly to how he did.  Even though the bike was a cruiser, Steve treated it like a sports bike, taking turns sharply and maneuvering traffic with superhuman reflexes.  Tony had to admit, being perched on the back and not in control was its own brand of fun.  He kept his arms wrapped tightly around Steve, pressing into his back, admiring the flexing of his muscles every time he swerved or shifted.  Tony never- not in a million years- would have guessed he was an omega by looking at him, not now, in the jacket and the helmet, riding like he'd been born on a motorcycle.  Tony felt proud of him.  He was almost looking forward to the field test of Wednesday; he was curious what Steve looked like, unleashed.  Everyone talked about Captain America doing crazy stuff like flipping cars and outrunning tanks and leaping from helicopters without a parachute; Tony had trouble picturing Steve doing those things and he was interested to know how many of the legends were true.
Hey everyone!  Thanks for being patient with us; we skipped last Sunday's usual update because of Easter.  Please also note that we will NOT be updating on April 26th due to the Infinity War release.
"You keep your boy under control," breathed Malick softly at Tony.
While Steve's friends had been slow to trust Tony, Tony's friends were delighted with Steve.  Happy and Pepper's initial upset that Steve had lied was quickly overshadowed by the incredible amount of stability Steve had brought to Tony's life.  Tony's drinking was still heavy, but not nearly as bad; he was still a hopeless flirt, but there were no more one-night stands.  In fact, following his approval for SHIELD work, his only major indiscretion had been buying Steve an eagle for his his birthday.  (With Pepper's help, they had taken Liberty to a wildlife sanctuary.  Tony had pouted over it for several days before bitterly admitting that a live, fully grown bald eagle had perhaps not been the best gift idea, and promised to get Pepper's help next year.)
Alpha.
She shrugged. "Eric will probably play cards later. He doesn't do the big games though. Before that, there's dinner. And right now, I think there's, like, a fashion show for omega clothing, and there's another conference on pregnancy soon. He'll probably want to go to that. But before there's--"
Tony made a face.  "...stony?  That's stupid."  Tony picked up a card and opened it; several dried flower petals fell out.  "Don't worry, Steve, we'll set up a thing for all the omegas asking for help... just... don't over-stretch yourself, okay, buddy?" said Tony gently, brushing the flower petals off his lap.  "We can't save them all.
Steve tried to focus on the feeling of his mate's hand in his hair, stroking slowly. He trembled against him in a strange kind of relief and didn't even cry out when another wave of heat racked through his body. It was nothing compared to the pain of disappointing his Alpha.
Steve calmly poured Tony out another glass of water.
"Bad!" agreed Lila tearfully, pointing a chubby finger at her mother.
he was all the time. It was hard to feel graceful when you were six foot and solid muscle, but in the water, Steve felt fluid and smooth.
Steve pulled out his phone and snapped a photo of the bunny toy one. If Pepper hadn't seen this already then it was a goddamn travesty.
"You're not being weak, Tony," Steve sighed and reached up to nudge the hair out of Tony's eyes with his fingertips. "You're just human. And no one can fault you for that."
"The m-mark on your n-neck," said Bucky, staring at him with wide eyes.  "What h-happened to it?"
Maria, because of her lack of status, couldn't sense the tension, but Phil could.  Close to preheat himself, he seemed warier than usual. Tony kept trying to climb over Steve on the sofa.
Carter.  You were telling me about how you guys were close?"
"Hey, Captain!" yelled someone.
in it and no alcohol. If Tony wanted liquor in his coffee he would have to put it in there himself.
Tony's grip on Steve was firm; it occurred to him, dizzily, that in all the pictures, he was going to look extremely short next to Steve.  He made a mental note to see if he could buy some taller shoes or something.
Tony's dander spiked up all over again.  He looked-- and smelled-- incensed. He spent the rest of the car ride muttering to himself and texting Pepper, clearly upset at the idea of her having a life outside of him.  Happy let him mumble with a serene sort of grace and pulled up to the curb of a Manhattan high-rise without any apparent discomfort, even though Tony was still sulking.
"Fuck," he said outloud, standing.  Where would Steve have scrambled off to?  He poked his nose out into the hall; Pepper was just coming out of the lounge.
evening," replied Tony, drawing a hand over is face.  "Take us to the plane, Hap.  I just wanna crash."  He pulled Steve into the back seat, waited until the door was closed, and then demanded, "Okay.  Full story.  What the hell happened, Steve?  Who shot you?  What happened to Fury?"
"Is that a bad choice?  I heard it and I liked it and I thought it was a good choice," said Steve, looking anxious.  "I mean, I asked JARVIS and I Googled it and it seemed okay."
, Tony's and only Tony's, and he was offering himself, submitting. There was nothing he could say right now to fix everything. But maybe if Tony realised Steve was
"Of course, Captain.  Now, if that's all your questions...I recommend bed rest. No strenuous exercise and plenty of iron in your food."
Tony exchanged a glance at Steve.  Holy shit, this Alpha rights shit, it was like a cult.
On the sidelines, the crowd was frozen with panic, watching with shrieks and gasps at the suddenly gladiatorial battle they were being treated to.  And Steve had never been so torn in his life. Break cover or save Tony's life? Fury would kill him if he broke cover. But he'd also kill him if he let Tony die. Steve couldn't win in this scenario, but he also couldn't just watch Tony die. No fucking way. The man who was attacking him, and his creation (a deadly addition to his body), looked fearsome, but with a well-timed kick Steve was sure he could bring him down. Before he knew what he was doing he was bending the railing with his bare hands, the chaos meaning no one had noticed his super-human strength. Steve swallowed thickly before stepping onto the track.
"Steve... c'mon, you can't leave me like this!" protested Tony, gesturing.  Steve's attempt to dry Tony off had given him an erection. Tony wiggled his eyebrows, clearly proud of it.
"What?  Who?  Who's going to kill you?  No one's going to kill you," snapped Tony, Steve's fear making Tony irritable and anxious.  "You're safe, Steve, come on, you're with SHIELD, and none of that was your fault, by the way,
Steve didn't seem to have noticed the abrupt quiet on the other line.  "All this...I don't know." Steve sighed. "It makes me think maybe this was supposed to happen. Maybe I was
Tony settled down onto the couch opposite to DeSoto's.  DeSoto's eyes followed him instead of the television.
What the hell had Steve been thinking when he let them inject him with the serum, Tony wondered.  Did Steve realize he was signing up for what was very likely to be a life where he'd never be able to bond?  Did he care?  His previous bond sounded so miserable, so tragic.  Maybe Steve hadn't really cared anymore.  Maybe, back in the forties, bonding had been seen as an imprisonment, and Steve didn't want anything to do with it anymore.
