than the rest of us that you stand out no matter what. You’ll never fit in, and you’ll never be just a regular bloke like I am, but that’s not a bad thing. You’re something people should aspire to be, someone other people should hope their children are like. I’m so sorry I used
He'd never felt anything like it. No one had ever gone down on him like that. He’d had blowjobs before, pity filled ones, condescending ones, but never the kind that left the giver almost keening with delight as he lapped up every spec of semen he could locate, kissing John’s softening shaft until it was limp and quiescent once more. Sherlock crawled onto the bed and arranged them both into a comfortable cuddle to recuperate in. With a very satisfied sigh, Sherlock spoke, “That was better than anything I could have dreamed of. You are everything I’ve ever fantasized about.”
. This was better, and who knew what he’d spot? Every pair of eyes he could commandeer was for the better, in his opinion. If he could, Sherlock would co-opt the entire country if that’s what it took to get John back.
“Yes, I know what you thought.” John eyed the tea meaningfully and Sherlock huffed a sigh before sitting up and taking the mug from him. “I’m not going anywhere this time, neither are you, so I’ve got everything all planned out.”
Sherlock had made up his mind. Standing with determination, Sherlock turned to face John, leaned down, and kissed him with every bit of skill he had garnered as the very meticulous and detail oriented scientist he was. He wasn’t a virgin, far from it. He’d had a very healthy sex life as a younger person but like many of the pleasures he used to enjoy, he’d cut himself off entirely once he’d realized that it wasn’t the most important thing for him at the time. Sherlock knew he’d been out of control for many years, and it had taken a lot of self-discipline to rein himself in. Now, however, was not the time for holding back. It was time to overwhelm and conquer.
they both come for Christmas. John would need to interact with Sherlock’s family.
“You’ve already done it. You’ve gone on dates with her.” Sherlock’s voice was hollow because his heart was hollow. He hadn’t even
“That they are very small humans.”
“It’s a multi-tool there are eighteen different basic things it can do and probably hundreds of uses for it,” John took it from Sherlock and showed him where several tiny tools and sharp edges were hidden. The exterior had measurements scribed into the surface, a tiny compass, a small magnifying glass, and even a removable blade. “We’re always getting trapped in rooms, maybe with this, we can break out a bit faster.”
Sherlock looked cold now, standing up, imperious and icy, “There were a thousand clues, John. You’ve been broadcasting your shame and horror for hours now. I thought you were just nervous because tonight might have been your first time with a man, but it’s more than that. You are disgusted by the idea of being with
“No, don’t blame yourself one bit. It was all my fault. I knew damn well you were insecure in our relationship,” John seemed frustrated, and gripped his own hair with both hands for a moment before moving them to cup Sherlock’s face, “This whole project began because I wanted to show you how much I loved you, to give you tangible proof that I’d always be there with you, to tell the entire world how amazing you are, and how incredibly lucky I am to even know you. That I’m privileged to love you, to share your life...”
John was shocked to find that the presumption did not make him feel stress or nausea the way he expected it would. Instead, he felt like he’d been handed a new role in life, on that he was certain he had the skills for. The doctor knew he was in this relationship for the long haul, even if Sherlock ended up hating him and sent John on his lonely way. He would never be with anyone if he couldn’t be with Sherlock. This was it for him. “Well, you succeeded.”
had three fingers examining parts of Sherlock in a very unprofessional manner. He loved it and pushed back until they were moving at a good clip.
. John helped him out of the cab, unlocked the door, and escorted Sherlock upstairs.
consulting detective? I’d read that you were the
“Sherlock, you’re in the hospital. You were struck by a cab when you ran across the street.” John sounded odd, as if were crying and trying to talk at the same time but he was the very last person that was welcome to be present. Sherlock got his left eye to open in time to see John reaching for his hand. He jerked it away and regretting the motion immediately since it caused shockwaves of pure pain to run up his arm and across his chest. He cried out, his voice weak and thin. John stepped back, and he looked ill again. Sherlock turned his head away and closed his eye.
“This is your fantastic advice?” John felt bitter.
“Thank you. I don’t know what you did but thank you.” Sherlock felt like he knew the voice. His body instinctively relaxed to hear it, but he couldn’t put a name to it. He tried to look but there was a blinding whiteness to the world. More pain stabbed into his eyes and he slammed his lids shut once more, “Sherlock, it’s me. You’re going to be alright. It’s okay to keep your eyes closed. We’re dimming the lights now, it’s been a while since you’ve been awake, so we don’t want to hurt you. In case you’re wondering, you’re in a special bed, face down, kind of like a massage table.”
Once Mary was dead for certain, John did his best to be a single parent to Rosie. She got sick when she was two, and when she was at the hospital, John tried to donate blood for her and that’s when he learned that Rosie wasn’t his baby at all. Stunned, he’d gazed upon the tot with new eyes, and for the first time, saw Mary’s ex-boyfriend David in her features. Lestrade grudgingly helped John locate the equally stunned man, and suddenly, John wasn’t a father anymore. He grieved but Sherlock was there for him, tender, caring, and supportive.
“Do you like them?”
“No.” Sherlock tried to get away, but John’s grip was extraordinarily ungiving.
Sherlock received several texts while he recovered, messages from his contacts on the street. The situation was dire. Several teens had disappeared from their normal haunts. A quick check with Molly and her contacts showed that at least half of the missing had ended up in the morgue. Molly followed up on the blood-work and confirmed that all of them had died due to contaminated recreational street-drugs.
I’m not standing for that. You’re my very best friend, John Watson, the only person in the world who has my regard.” Sherlock was standing up straight, a look of utter defiance on his face.
John was a devoted homebody, a caretaker, a nurturer. John needed to be able to have his domesticity right next to his gunfights, so Sherlock had planned accordingly. The case they’d solved this week had been suitably violent, enough to sate John’s warrior nature, so now it was time to let the fluffier side of his character express itself. John was a marvel of evolution. Sherlock knew a great deal about John. He had observed him carefully during their many investigations as well as during their more domestic moments. John was a sublime example of basic human nature, effortlessly following the need to respond to the urge to fight, flee, feed, or fuck.
John felt horrible.
Sherlock leaned closer but then, so did John. Their mouths met a bit awkwardly at first but they soon had themselves sorted, their first kiss a brief but meaningful one, interrupted due to the arrival of their order. John felt impatient at first, but then, he realized that there was nothing to rush home for. Every minute was to be enjoyed, lingered over, and savoured, much like their meal. Sherlock was an engaging date, easily maintaining his half of the conversation between lazy bites of food. Both men were just happy to be out together, finally free to be open with one another. John found the entire evening to be one filled with delightful conversation, a lot of laughter, and an incredible degree of ease an compatibility.
Mycroft stepped forward, “Altogether it’s been twelve, almost thirteen, weeks. You’ve been kept in a medically induced coma. You’ve had skin grafts on your back, lab-grown, and you’ve been the subject of various untested procedures. Desperate measures, brother.”
his mate, not really. You have not bonded, nor will you be able to bond. You are by his side at my discretion, and the moment I decide that having you with him is doing more harm than good, then I will remove you. You both need to be in a healthy relationship with one another. This inequity will ruin you both. Tell me I am wrong.”
Sherlock did everything by himself these days. John had chosen not to return to 221 B Baker Street after Mary’s death. The doctor stubbornly remained in the small house he’d shared with her, committed to raising his daughter the way he’d planned with her now late mother.  At first, John tried to find time between his many obligations to continue assisting Sherlock on cases, but his new residence was a fair amount of travel time away from Baker Street and John did not often have time to spare. After a few tries, the doctor tersely reminded Sherlock that he still had to earn a living, to find a way to cover all his current expenses on his own, and while
There was nothing left to say, so Mycroft ended the call.
. John made a flash decision. He’d sell this place but also purchase another home, somewhere away from London.
John was silent, “Well, I did promise myself that I would grovel.”
for shooting you!” Molly was indignant now, “He made you help him get married to someone else, knowing that you loved him, knowing that he was leaving you right in front of everyone you both knew.
Closing his eyes, Sherlock turned his head away, not wanting to confuse memories of what had happened in his mind with the memory he was storing of the man who stood next to him right now, “I just need a moment.”
“Clearly I’m not since you’ve already spotted it.” John just sipped his cup of non-herbal tea and nudged Sherlock’s to remind him to drink it, “While it’s hot, I’m not making you another one because you let this one go cold.”
“I’m yours too,” the detective replied quickly. Sherlock then looked up before he reached out to take John’s hand, “Go home, John. Order out, have a bath. Sleep there tonight, and I’ll see you in the morning. I love you, and you deserve more than what I’ve been offering. I’ll miss you, of course, but it’s not like you can’t come back later. I’ll be fine.”
“You did it perfectly. That was the best morning sex I’ve ever had, ever. Brilliant.” John’s smile was still present, if softer now, “I wasn’t sure if you ever wanted such a thing from me.”
“You know me, John, do you suppose I am the sort to be casual? I’ve been single long enough, and it’s good to be with someone who
John’s eyes were becoming red and tear-filled as his face twisted in a combination of happiness and misery, “Sherlock,” he began. He interrupted himself with a kiss, “I
Two days later he was listening to another clerk, “It’s called a
The driver was an alpha who kept sneaking glances at Sherlock in the rear-view mirror. “So, pretty thing, where are you off to tonight? Taking your old dad someplace special?”
. It’s mostly just sex,” said Danny, “And a bit of intrigue, which is why we need the threesome.” He winked salaciously at Mycroft and eyed him up and down with such bold appreciation that a hint of colour touched Mycroft’s cheeks. Sherlock smirked.
John is trapped inside a prison of his own guilt.
John felt his great sadness begin to melt away. He kept his eyes closed and mutely accepted Sherlock’s caresses. Carefully, the omega peeled them both out of their clothes, shifting John’s body as necessary before pressing close the moment they were both naked. “Sherlock.”
, you are going to remind yourself why this man was your best friend. You are going to go back to being the man I know,
“Go fuck yourself, Holmes,” John muttered.
. “He married a woman and moved into his own house nearly two years ago. He’s widower now. Rosie is his.”
Sherlock inhaled sharply and managed to twist his arm out of John’s grasp, though he would bruise for it. He was furious. “I don’t want anything that
. Sherlock didn’t even trust him to look after his own child or to be left unattended for long in his old flat. All John was doing was wasting his own time trying to impress people who were out of his reach.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was filled with hunger, “That’s what I need. That’s what I’ve been dreaming about.”
Sherlock absorbed the rest of the statement.
. “What is this?”
John looked downcast for a moment, “Well, honestly, I haven’t done one since I was a child so…yes…”
Sherlock frowned but took the cup, drinking half of it before speaking again, “Mrs Hudson. You’re doing something for her.”
“Two to one. We still win, right John?” Danny ladled out bowls of thick gravy-rich stew and set one in front of each of them, even putting a big scoop of it into a small plastic bowl for Rosie. He handed it to Sherlock who just blew on it to cool it off before setting it in front of her, handing Rosie the cheerful plastic spoon that Danny had also found. John plated the scones and set out the butter. Danny grabbed one, and set another beside Sherlock’s bowl, eyeing him meaningfully. Scowling, Sherlock broke off a tiny piece and ate it. John kept his smile to himself as Sherlock immediately broke off a much large piece and ate that too. It had obviously triggered his transport into demanding more because, without further complaint, Sherlock ate his portions, and with a bit of a blush, went back for seconds.
life, and everything else. He stripped their sitting room of everything from the framed prints on the wall to the small selection of paperback novels stuffed inside a small bookcase.
“Now, go for a walk around the block and come back.” Sherlock didn’t even look up. John sighed, got his coat, and did as ordered. A quarter of an hour later he was back, “Good. Now, inhale deeply and tell me what you can smell.”
“Upstairs, of course, John, don’t be ridiculous. My old room is right above Mrs Hudson’s and while it would provide her endless thrills, I’d rather not have someone vicariously enjoying our private moments.” He gave John a highly exaggerated naughty wink and John laughed. He loved this new Sherlock even more than he loved the Sherlock he’d left behind. This one was funny, passionate, but still entirely certifiable for choosing a piece of human wreckage like him. “Come along, John, let’s go home.”
“I know, and paneer, that’s coming next. Eat up, Sherlock.” Sherlock did as he was bid, happily. He hadn’t had crab soup in years, how had John known that he had a preference for it? Every plate that arrived after that was tasted and consumed with eagerness, all of it savoury and delicious. Sherlock hadn’t eaten this much food in one sitting in his entire life. Even John was having difficulties tucking into their pudding at the end. Both men had round bellies but huge smiles, “That was amazing.”
John was blinking and doing an odd looking up and down thing between the bunch of mistletoe and Sherlock, “What? Can’t you move? The mistletoe is…why?” John was looking at Sherlock with an expression of developing realization, “Wait…is this like your thing with iron,”
“Oh,” John interrupted his friend, “
Sherlock had spent his recuperation time looking up details regarding weddings. He was determined to make it an occasion to remember and indulged himself in an intensive education regarding every aspect. If they weren’t able to bond, then all of London would damn well pause and watch the notable occasion of their legal union. The omega would accept no less. He called in every favour he could to make things happen, deploying both his homeless network and the many landladies that Mrs Hudson knew to get the best connections, the best prices, the best everything he could think of in order to make their day absolutely perfect. What they couldn’t locate, was someone to legally do their vows for them. Sherlock was entirely unimpressed, “What do you mean it’s not legal?”
“Should we go to my CHU? I don’t have to share it,” Sherlock suggests, he can tell by John’s socks that he shares his quarters.
In an impulse Hamish would probably kick himself for later, he asked, “Have dinner with me?”
He returns to the hotel bruised, broken, and without the knowledge he came for. “Bollocks,” he growls, mobile held so tightly, the case creaks in protest.
“Are those the focus?” Lestrade asks.
At 23 Sherlock started referring to himself as a high-functioning sociopath.  Sociopaths were known to have trouble bonding or lack a mate completely. This suited his purpose just fine.
John knows her habit comes from her own time spent in war-torn Israel and likes her all the more for it. He heads up to the ER and drags Murray out for a bite, luckily its a slower day and he can pull his friend from the fray with minimal grumbling.
“No,” Sherlock says, voice dripping with sarcasm, “thank you.”
They pile into the jeep and try to take off quietly, but the old thing was never meant for stealth. The sound of the engine attracts the attention of the festival goers. There is a shout of Dari and then gunfire.
he did well on his EPAs. He knows the way he knew father was getting sick when he was eight. The way he knew the gardner was stealing the silver. Still, his hand shakes as he places the scores in front of him.
Sherlock looks around the room, making sure everything has been properly catalogued before leaving the palace. He comes back to himself sitting on the cold floor of the abandoned building. Mycroft is giving him a curious look, but is much too used to Sherlock’s episodes to be concerned.
Sherlock turns, springing back quickly to avoid the man who is now leaning against the door of the locker room. He has a syringe in his hand and is blocking the only exit.
Now I realized they are just playing this off the books, where soldier hardly made anything in victorian, London and are just hoping not to many of the watchers are war vets, but you know food for thought. If John from the show really does have a gambling problem then apparently Sherlock actually has some tact not to mention it.
“No, not exactly,” Sherlock mutters.
The man’s laughter over the intercom is grating and makes the system crackle with static. “The dog is just a means to an end. It is the poison that is important, and I’m close, so close to perfecting it. It is too bad what you’ve been injected with is an older version, I’d have loved to see the effects of the new serum on a level 5 bond, that would be a true test.”
“Look, Hyperion, its perfect!” Sherlock beamed, holding up the drawing.
“This is insane,” John calls over the roar of the wind, but his face is filled with childish glee.
John leaps from the bed, “Mycroft!” He grabs the Seer by his shoulders and shakes him, “Mycroft!” His eyes flutter open, and for a moment there is no one there. The gaze that meets John is devoid of life, eyes blank and horrifying. Then they clear, returning to their usual hazel, flashing with intelligence.
John shook his head.
I've also been learning how to do oil painting lately, so I thought I'd share the oil painted version of the illustration for this chapter.
Lestrade stared at the sharp clothes, the dragon daemon, and then the small needle that every officer had overlooked. It was a risk, but Lestrade thought back to the little boy he had met years ago and the mythical daemon he had needed to protect him, and he decided to take a chance. “No, he’s assisting us in the case, I need an evidence bag.”
Sherlock and John grab a cab back to Baker Street. Sherlock cursed his brother in a variety of interesting ways the entire trip back.
The first was Asian-Chinese, twenty-two, in London for foreign exchange program, has a boyfriend back home, missing for two weeks. Bruises on neck, shoulders, and thighs suggest sexual assault.
“Shit,” Lestrade shakes his head, “I knew we thought it was a possibility, but I just don’t see why. I mean why did this guy kidnap Sherlock? Trying to take over the business? Moriarty doesn’t strike me as the sort of boss you double cross.”
Harry furrows her brow, “They call it nanite technology.”
The pain doesn’t subside, if anything, it gets worse, but he forces himself to open his eyes anyways. The potion leaves that same oil slick sheen over his vision. Everything looks distorted, cast in strange colors. The edges of the world are blurred.
He sat at the side of the bed while Sherlock sweated and shivered. The man had been 35 when he had his Vision of Mycroft. He explained how he had spent the later part of his twenties convinced his mate was dead. Which was why he had entered law-enforcement, a job that was always looking for unbonded men and women.
“Oh, Dean and Sara do, and so does Jeff, you probably met him upstairs. None of the others do though, not that I know of,” Shelly grabs a crinkled stack of papers from a drawer. “Here’s the contact list.”
“Yes, I keep hidden mostly. Sometimes it makes people rather uncomfortable, but Sherlock realized what I was right away,” Mrs. Hudson titters.
“Such a charmer,” Greg comments, as they enter the building.
In the distance, the bell starts to toll.
“I imagine John will beat him to the punch if you don’t answer the question Mr. Hope,” Sherlock’s smooth voice comments from the doorway.
The seal flares, and before them the water churns. There is a shadow in the waves, a massive shape writhing beneath. With an explosion of ice and water so cold in burns, a great beast rises from the depths with a roar.
“Retie his bandage please, its still bleeding,” John tells her, and watches his sister carefully redo the mess that had been there before. She takes her time with Don, checking his wounds and the massive bump developing on his temple. “Poor guy,” she murmurs and uses some of the water to clean his face and sooth the headwound.
“Oh,” John laughs.
I had a hell of a time doing the drawing for this chapter, I was looking up references and doing thumbnails for ages to figure out a configuration I liked. I'm super pleased with the final product, even if it did just about kill my microns.
Henry worries the stained napkin, avoiding eye contact. “I w..wa..was really young when I b..b..bonded. I d..do..don’t remember my vision, b..bu..but we touched and the m..ma..mark was there. Lime green and s..ss..ssso beautiful.” He picks at his already tattered right sleeve, a habit then.
“Get off of this crime scene you freak,” Detective Donovan yells at him, just barely stopping herself from bodily tossing him out of the area.
(See the end of the chapter for
The man sounds honestly sorry, and John feels like shit for yelling at his best friend. “No, I didn’t lose it,” he shakes his head.
Mycroft arrived at 1150, which is rather amazing for a man that likes to arrive just late enough to prove his superiority.
Hamish attempted a rumbling growl, deep in his chest. “Sometimes I bite when I shouldn’t.”
The handle sticks as he tries to turn it, the great wheel like a pirate ship that guards his heart. He puts his shoulder into it, forcing the lock with a piercing screech. The door opens inward, slow and grating on rusted hinges. Beyond is a bright light, a blinding, golden glow, like a sun trapped in the dark.
“Sherlock I…” John started and stopped, what had he just done?
They left the hotel after Helios had managed to dry off, a process that resulted in water and fur all over the hotel room. The barber looked askew at Helios when they entered, but John offered a harmless smile and 20 quid. He was in a chair in seconds.
They leave the next day. Ruiz and Gabriel get dragged into one meeting after another, the Brass clearly isn’t happy about this mission, but the pair stay true to their word. As does Colonel, who hands over the keys for a Cougar in the morning.
“Noticed what?” John asks.
“Yeah, I’m not going anywhere,” John said, bemused. Helios looked so proud of herself, tail feathers held high, wings extended.
Mycroft takes a sip of his wine, an innocent look on his face that fails to be at all innocent. “I didn’t say anything.”
“When Jim said he had a gift for me, I have to admit, you were not what I was expecting.” Hamish gave a sheepish grin and perched on the edge of the bed.
“I can’t,” Sherlock says, and it is the truth. He can feel the bond through his aching head, can even send his pain and fear across the cord, but he can’t send words. He feels John’s desperation on the other end, but it is like there is a wall forced between them.
“Call your brother then. Someone needs to know where you are.” Lestrade flings his suit jacket on the back of the mismatched recliner, before taking a seat.
“Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth,’ John plucked the quote from a dusty corner of Sherlock’s mind, but it seemed apt.
“They didn’t just remove it, they removed it expertly. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen such neat stitching. The person that did this wasn’t just a doctor he was a surgeon. There were small things that were a little odd, though. If I had to hazard a guess I would say only one person worked on this man. “
The concentrated magic burns away the paper in violet fire, but the mark remains, a blinding light against the dawn. He takes a breath, tries to steady his nerves. “I call on the Guardian, on the Hudson River, the ancient shores that protect this grand city. I call on the Serpent, Guardian of New York City, I call and you will listen!”
I've been dying to write this story for awhile, I'll try to keep things interesting.
He tries to run from it, to burrow into the darkness of his mind, but it’s useless. He opens his eyes to light that is too bright, sharp pinpricks dig into his eyes. He groans, turning his head to try and hide from the light.
John smacks him on the arm, giving him a sharp look.
Mycroft is unsure what to say in response to their newest revelations and so says nothing at all. By mutual agreement they start back for the hotel. The lights of the city go a long way to chasing off the darkness, but they are both skittish of the shadows lingering in every alleyway.
The sharp beep of a text, interrupted the moment. Sherlock plucked out his phone and sent a rapid-fire response. “ Lestrade needs to see us at the Met to get our statements. “
Hamish started noticing the CCTV cameras turning in his direction, but he wasn’t worried. The Irene incident had not happened yet, Mycroft was hardly about to pick him up off the street.
I apologize for the picture in this one, I'm not that fond of how Harihara came out, but I was behind in my drawings this week and just didn't have time to fix it.
“Holy Shit!” Sgt. Hunt’s voice yells clearly from behind the wall. “Good thing I actually listened to the Incoming siren,” the man laughs as he struggles out from under the desk. His uniform is soaked and covered in blood, but he seems fine.
It is the movement that draws Sherlock’s attention to the black mark he can see peeking from the sleeve, and instantly he feels like a colossal idiot. “Henry,” Sherlock barks, harsher than he intends.
“Sir, he may not even show up. That freak is probably doing this himself, lost his mind,” Donovan adds.
Either way, he doesn’t have time to dawdle. He shoves into his coat and boots, straps on his thigh holster and attaches his browning handgun. The holster is better than the ridiculous M-16 rifles all the lower enlisted are running about with, but the holster chaffs against his groin. All in all, he has never been so uncomfortable, even when he was living rough on the streets of London.
“Sherlock, dear, don’t pull him so,” a matronly voice chides, alerting Lestrade to the other presence in the room. Sitting on the settee against the far wall is an elderly woman with curly red hair. She’s wearing a cardigan over a purple blouse, looking like every Gran Lestrade has ever met.
They take a cab to New Scotland yard, where Lestrade and Sally are waiting for them. Sally looks as unhappy to see them as ever. “Biggest crime wave of the century, I’m hardly surprised you are involved,” Sally snaps at them, John can practically hear the implied ‘freak’.
“I don’t know, seems dangerous?”
“Then I don’t have long,” John growls, pressing the knife until a thin red line appears on Mr. Hope’s throat.
In the following hours John quickly deteriorated, developing a high fever, chills, and nausea. Sherlock flits around him, mostly useless. He brings cold water and cups filled with ice chips. He is starting to develop a low grade fever himself, but his symptoms are mild compared to John, who is confined to the bed and can hardly  be bothered to keep his eyes open.
“Father?” Sherlock asked.
They seem nervous around Bauza, and five men come to take him. He is returned in less than ten minutes with a massive goose egg on his brow and three of the five men look worse than he does.
Hamish stayed until her cab turned onto another street. He gave the CCTV watching him a wave before heading back.
“Well, now,” Irene fanned herself, “that could make a girl change her preferences.”
Sherlock tries to remember the dream, his brain flinches from it, but he can remember blistering heat, the taste of copper on his tongue, and the overwhelming scent of gunpowder and sand. “You,” he licks his lips, his throat feels dry, “ you may be right about that.”
Unfortunately, the case was over much too quickly and the head of the Black Lotus Clan escaped arrest. What was most unsettling, was how often Sherlock found himself turning to his right to speak to someone that wasn’t there. Perhaps, he was suffering from separation sickness after all.
“Will do,” Lestrade slips the card into his wallet, where he expects to forget about it until the next time he cleans the damn thing out. As he is leaving the flat, Lestrade realizes he didn’t see Sherlock’s bondmate, but assumes whoever they are may be at work. He leaves Baker street without glancing back, never expecting to return.
“You’re bond mark formed unusually young, you lost your mate as soon as the mark formed, not realizing what happened. Strange that you would blackmail the crown for a chance to find your missing mate,” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, “You can’t sense them, with a level four bond this would suggest a blockage of some sort. Judging by your age, you are growing desperate to meet them, a bond degradation by the color of the mark. A woman with your…skills must have gathered something rather telling to blackmail my brother. A member of the royal family, perhaps?” Sherlock was practically glowing, his face alight with deduction.
“Yeah, my shoulder is banged up a bit. The ice helps, brings down the swelling.”
Glancing at the small crowd now around them. “We should pick up a change of clothes on the way.” Sherlock adds.
Sherlock comes closer and stands between my legs. “You’ll never admit weakness.” I quirk an eyebrow at him. He nods “Yeah, I know. I won’t either, we’re a matched set in that. I can’t be without you, I need you more than you know.” His left hand laying on my shoulder.
“No. John and I are in need of help with flowers. Nothing too fancy, something that can be put together at the last minute as it were.” Sherlock smiles at her.
Mycroft holds up his hand, palm out. “It should not be upsetting Mummy. Open it John.”
I have been bouncing Rosie on my hip, she seems very happy with the noise and destruction so far. As Sherlock comes over to take her from me, she reaches her arms out for him. The answering smile on Sherlock’s face makes the pain we’ve been through to get to this point worth it. I must have a besotted look on my face as Sherlock gives me a quick kiss on the lips.
Sherlock nods once, “Alright, but I’m going to have Mrs. Hudson check in on you and I expect a text update every thirty, no every fifteen minutes.”
Right hand spread lightly over his abdomen and left caressing his daughter John glances at Sherlock to note the hurt look. “You can leave the phone on speaker, I have nothing to hide.” John assures his flatmate, still comforting his daughter.
“Besides, I imagine he thought you were good looking, almost as much as I did. I deduce the good Detective Inspector to be bisexual.” Lying down on the bed.
“Do you still have the AGRA flash drive she gave you?
I have to agree with Sherlock “He does look like he’s ready for the world to end. What is in the next picture?”
3.	Cascade Fire (Yuba Co)
I feel my chin, “Smooth, thank you!”
“I’m not sure of the details leading up to our finding you two in that filthy cell either. Do you remember anything Doc?”
“Fine. Sherlock has the make, model and serial number just in case along with your names. We’ll let the Major know when we talk to him next.” John, is pulling out Captain Watson again. “Finish up what you need to do here, I need to get Sherlock to town to x-ray his wrist and we’re not leaving you lot here unsupervised.”
I turn back to my email “Kevin says we’ll have to bring layers. It will be warm when we arrive but there is rain and frost usually by Halloween. I’ll ask just what kind of gear we’ll need.” I type and send a message. I get up to fill and click on the kettle for tea. I prepare two cups of tea and bring them back to the couch, handing Sherlock his.
“Yeah, I’m surprised he didn’t say anything before. We talked about everything on our pub nights, or at least I did.” John carefully pulls off his clothing, throwing it on an empty chair and gets in bed to Sherlock’s right.
I breathe into his chest “God, what you do to me. You are so gorgeous.” I start to undo the buttons on his shirt kissing my way as I expose his pale skin.
I didn’t think anything of it at Christmas as we made biscuits and a few meals together. Sherlock never really had to fend for himself much before. Between his mother, school, take-out, me and our landlady he never had to make much more than scrambled eggs and toast. Before you wonder, I did ask permission to post that bit of information.
“Right, right…” low. Sherlock bellows, “MRS. HUDSON!” bouncing the rest of the way down the stairs.
“Hurts like hell, the pills are starting to kick in though. Thank you for bringing them up. Have you eaten yet?” I run my right hand through his curls and kiss them both on their foreheads.
Fifteen minutes and a shared cold shower later find John and Sherlock sitting at their kitchen table as Mrs. Hudson fixes them and Greg eggs to order to go with the bacon. John is happily sipping on his tea, listening to Sherlock and Greg talk shop.
I notice Jorge grinning as I reply. “Ta. Maybe you should ask your brother? Be a nice gesture.”
“Mike said until your headaches stop you’re supposed to be taking it easy, what are you doing?”
Alana bows, “Sir, yes sir, right away Master Crawley sir.” Then hastens to the door.
“Yeah, thanks. I meant with Camorra and his goons, did you catch them?” grumbled, more aware.
“I know, we’ve worked ourselves out love.” I smile at him and pat his forearm then kiss his cheek. “But I can still be pissed at Mycroft. He left me to grieve and did a background check on Mary and didn’t say a bloody thing; he owes me!” I growl.
“Stop Mycroft. I’m going to put you on speaker, you can tell John your idiotic plan.” Sherlock hits a button and places his phone on the table, then starts to pace. We are up at the ‘office’ checking emails; Rosie is watching a nature program on the telly.
were the hard-done party! He kept insisting that Sherlock return to the flat as if Sherlock would.
, and facial recognition software would flag him anywhere in England if he tried to behave as if he were still legally his own person. Now John owned him and as horrible as it had felt, his only comfort was that he wasn’t going to be used by others. John had been very clear about his singular ownership over Sherlock, and it was obvious that he was a fiercely possessive man. He was Sherlock’s best and only choice.
your best friend, so go out and be his best friend right back. Do things you know for sure will make Sherlock happy.”
. He'd never be able to enjoy recreational drugs again,
Danny was standing in front of the massive map of the UK that currently covered the entire region above the fireplace. He had a cup of tea in his hand and he waved it at the map, “Well, we’ve put a pin into the address of everyone we can find a case-connexion to, right?” They had. All the pins relating to John’s case were in blue, and all the cases relating to Alex were in red. The pins were densely clustered in urban areas, but Sherlock now saw what was blatantly obvious but that he’d missed until Danny pointed them out – massive spots were completely pin free except for one, which had a single pin in it. He had only paid attention to where the pins were and hadn’t bothered with where they were not, but Danny had seen, “What is this one again?”
. John watched as Sherlock’s nose scrunched up as a look of utter distaste twisted his features, “Are you actually hitting on me when I’m beside a
“Fuck
Sherlock’s eyes were growing red and his bottom lip was trembling, “You really care about me.”
It was Christmas Eve and he was grateful to be where he was. He’d spent days thinking about the long strange path that had taken him so many places and had ended up right here, at 221 B Baker Street yet again. A year ago, John had been married to a lie and Sherlock had still been married to his work, but now John was a widower and wondering if Sherlock might be tempted into a becoming a bit of a philanderer. John was going to ask. It was making him crazy not knowing if the man he loved might possibly love him back, or if John would have to accustom himself to being silently in love with Sherlock forever. Honestly, even if they just remained best friends for the rest of their lives, it would be enough, but John was enough of a romantic to hopelessly hope for more.
None, from what he could see. He’d caught his partner cheating on him, and he was no longer at home at 221 B Baker Street.
Sherlock observed John intently. They made it through their entire day in near silence, punctuated by various commands from Sherlock. When night fell, Sherlock watched John even closer before finally ordering him to get ready to sleep. John went to relieve himself one last time, took a brief shower, shaved again, brushed and flossed his teeth, dressed in the pyjama set Sherlock liked, and the went to the bedroom. Sherlock was pacing about in his robe, “This next step troubles me, John. You need to rest but I cannot determine whether I am abusing you or not by joining you. What about sexual congress? What if we indulge? In this state, I know you will provide your consent readily but is it valid? You have willingly enslaved yourself to me to such a degree that it can be argued that you have no free will whatsoever.”
. Sherlock wanted to seethe but he wasn’t angry, he was miserable. His heart physically hurt, and he felt blank all over. Lisa was making her claim public, letting everyone know that Sherlock Holmes, the most observant man in the world, had not seen her coming. John hadn’t posted anything to follow up her comments or to deny her claims. Just as Sherlock left the blog, a text came through, “I forgive you for what you said. Stop being a git and come home. The sulking is getting old.”
No one said a word as Sherlock left, case unsolved, and climbed into a taxi. He didn’t know where he wanted to be, so he just gave the driver all the money in his wallet and told him to drive until it was used up. Sherlock stared out the window, dry-eyed and heart-broken all over again. He turned his temporary mobile off and kept it off. Later, Sherlock directed the driver to leave him in a very particular neighbourhood, and without overthinking what he was doing, found a drug den.
Sherlock did not mind. Danny began fucking him with long deep strokes, making his arse bounce a bit, and it was brilliant to connect his transport to such primitive activities. Each thrust made his cock slap upward against his belly, and it was marvellous. Danny drew it all out, edging them close and backing off again until the detective was desperate to come. He’d never wanted to achieve orgasm so urgently, and even without it, he’d never felt pleasure so intensely. Sherlock now understood why people loved sex so much. His entire body was filled with throbbing energy. Danny was hot against his back, his panting breath blowing into the curls at the nape of his neck. The sensation of being repeatedly pierced was addictive, each new thrust and angle filled with unanticipated delight.
“Just like that, a yes?”
There was resounding silence, and more than a few of the people in the crowd around the circular podium simply turned their backs and began chatting with other disinterested bidders.
“No, I don’t. You
Disappointingly, Mycroft met them at the entrance, circumventing their childish prank, and instead, guided them toward a long sleek town car that was waiting for them, “Allow me to offer you both congratulations on the brevity of your courtship.”
John answered him by flipping onto his belly, reaching over and anxiously rummaging through Sherlock’s bedside drawers, “Lube? No? My room, second drawer. Go.”
, and went on to list a large number of other indignities that John had endured without Sherlock once asking permission. Letting him voluntarily consume a cup of tea that would earn him a good night’s sleep prior to being spoiled rotten with presents was hardly comparable to being deliberately exposed to hallucinogenic compounds.
“An interested fan you talk with
Hours drifted by as John lay in the cold and dark. He became aware that he was growing warmer, that something was pulling him from sleep. With a start, he realised that someone was pressed against his back and in a blind panic, he tried to get away. “John!” It was Sherlock, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, my John. I had no right to just walk away. You did nothing wrong and I feel how I’ve hurt you yet again. I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Long thin arms wrapped around his chest and John felt the ice recede a bit, “I was at Bart’s. Molly shouted at me. She told me I was cruel.”
I look around for Greg and Sherlock and see them and Molly at the far side of the chairs. As everyone grabs a seat Greg quickly strolls down to where I’m standing by Mycroft. “Looks like you’re the groom again after all John!” poking me with his elbow as he quietly jokes stopping beside me, Mycroft frowns at him.
Kevin leans down and points a new direction for Sherlock to drive. We head up the hill the solar panels are on and through the gap between the hills. There is another 2-stall horse barn, a small paddock and another larger fenced area behind. We go up a bit more to another house/cabin with a view of the canyon and an old wooden barn above the stalls we just drove by.
“I won’t push, I’m available if you ever need to talk about it though. I’m a good listener.” Greg adds sincerely.
“The morning we met I almost ate a bullet I was so depressed. No one needed me anymore. I couldn’t be a soldier, I couldn’t be a surgeon; I was nothing, no one, useless. I believe meeting you was the best thing to happen to me. I’ve felt an attraction to you since the lab. I was flirting with you at Angelo’s that first night but you told me you were ‘married to your work’. I did have hope that maybe someday you might change your mind, so I started to date women. As I told you last night, I am not gay but I am bisexual.
Removing a couple large covered bowls from the refrigerator and placing them on the counter while talking. “Ever since February when Wolfe and Andersen put him in hospital. They were frequent at first, consistent with a concussion. After about a month, they only came on when he was tired or stressed. They generally manifest as migraines, today is one of the worst I have witnessed so far.” Sherlock grabs a couple of large soup bowls from the cabinet and spoons from a drawer and continues to talk while dishing out food. “Most of the time the headaches bring light sensitivity and today was no exception.” Placing the dishes in the microwave to heat. “Sometimes scents bother him as well, today he had a jar of menthol cream on the nightstand.”
Who was this new man? A surgeon of impressive skill, and young, judging by music taste and voice.
“It’s a weird one,” Sally says, pulling up the tape and leading him in.
Mycroft is right where he left him, exhausted, but unharmed. The look he gives John is wide-eyed with shock and a hint of...fear.
The man snarls in his face, this close, it’s obvious he’s not actually human. His red-blond hair is shot through with black stripes and his jaw is filled with teeth that are much too large and much too sharp to ever be considered human.
Cannot be Quelled
John tilts his head and steps forward. The ringing in his ears has become clearer, it is bells, whispers of tones that make his chest ache. This man is not the one for whom his bell tolls, but he is a promise of hope. John feels something loosen in his chest.
This time Carson’s heart rate shot to 180 as soon as he made the cut. He had to inject a mild sedative or risk heart attack.
“Hmm,” Mycroft hums, turning his attention to Greg, “Thank you, officer. I promise it won’t happen again.”
“Well your timing was perfect,” John praises, folding his wings so they lay tight against his back.
“You stayed here because of your sister, and this, why?” Sherlock asks, standing.
They are in the air in a dust storm, flying for the first time. John’s lips are dry and cracked and he can’t control his hover enough to deepen the kiss, so they keep smashing noses.
Little shorter chapter this time, I had wanted it to be a bit longer, but this was a good end point. Next chapter shouldn't take too long to get out, though.
“Oh christ, you didn’t,” he glances at John’s leg, “you didn’t sell it for the plane ticket, did you?”
John, surprisingly, doesn’t question it. He follows close behind, Witness clenched in his left hand. He seems to bring a sort of golden glow with him that chases away some of the overpowering gloominess of the forest.
Closer inspection showed a familiar face, Sherlock scowled, trying to place it.
“You can get that. I’ll handle this,” Sally says, waving him off.
The boy scoffs, “No, but I know what I see.”
Bethesda looks down at her metal fingers, stained blue with patina. “Yes,” she chuckles, “I rather imagine it was. I always forget, but what is a fledging like yourself and your dear Charge doing out in this dreadful weather.” She looks up pointedly at the snow beginning to fall.
John forces himself to sweep his gaze over the room in an orderly fashion, the growl had seemed to come from everywhere, and he can’t pinpoint even a vague direction to point his gun. He reaches out with his mind then, searching along the tether that ties him to Sherlock. The pain that bounces back at him is blinding and he has to close his eyes against the onslaught of it. Bursts of light go off behind his eyes and it is like nothing he has ever felt, almost worst than being shot.
John takes a second to look back at him, his eyes are sad, but his grin is manic and still slick with blood. “I know,” he calls, and then he’s gone.
Sherlock has spent the fight carefully working around the edge of the room. He’s lucky he is tall for his age or he never would have been able to get the syringe off the locker. “Get off of him,” Sherlock yells, launching onto Sebastian’s back. He uses the momentum of the jump to lodge the needle into his neck.
“I said you were the best detective in this city.”
“What do you think his gift is, that blond fellow?” Anderson asks.
Outside of the Demon Forest, Agent Smith leads them to an old jeep he had stashed for the return journey. The wind is deafening as they bounce along the countryside. The ride is jarring, but John soon finds himself acting as a pillow when Mycroft drops into his shoulder.
Lestrade glances at the rear view mirror and then Sherlock, but doesn’t comment.
There is something about the way he is holding himself, the honest curiosity hidden beneath the guile, that clicks the puzzle into place. John feels a moment of glaring clarity, of facts sliding into place to reveal the whole picture. He wonders if this is how Sherlock feels every time he solves a case. “Dr. Franklin was working for you.”
“Sir, I have something you’ll want to see,” she called, knocking softly at the door.
“No, well they discourage it of course, but no I could have left. I had just been wandering around the streets of London for a year or two I think, I don’t remember much.” John swallows hard, staring at the fire. “I remember searching, a constant ache, but with no real direction. When MI6 found me they didn’t give me much of choice, but honestly I’m surprised someone worse didn’t whisk me away first.” He sighs. “Every time I thought about leaving I’d get a horrible ache in my chest that I needed to be there, so I stayed.”
So anyways, I have been writing. I've been writing a lot actually, I just haven't been writing The Vision. I think this one really only has a few chapters left in it though, so hopefully it will be complete soon.
“Can’t you tell?”
Temasek huffs, “and of course they teach you nothing. What then, brings an ignorant angel and his contemptuous link to my island?”
“That’s Carol’s,” John says, surprised to see it.
Okay so the argument seems to be that John has a gambling problem, but let me put this in perspective. A Captain with 5+ years of service in the Army makes 43,000 pounds a year. I have no idea if the British receive all the lovely money benefits that American soldiers do, but it doesn't matter.
Irene smiled at him, less demure maiden and more deadly predator. “Yes, though Sebastian is less an audience and more an intriguing enigma. I was certain Sherlock Holmes was the only one capable of holding Jim’s attention, but he seems to have strayed recently.”
“That’d be great” John grins.
Lestrade softens,” Are they…”
Lestrade clears his throat. The man looks up for an instant, but one of the dancers kicks him, he curses and goes back to his piece. It’s one of the women at the wheel that finally acknowledges them. She turns to them with a scrunched brow, wrinkling the streak of red clay across her cheek. “Can I help you? I didn’t think we were getting any new students in.”
Gabriel smirks, arching her wings in an impressive display. The primary set has a silver blade on the curve of her wings. It looks deadly sharp, and moves with a dexterity that suggests its anchored to the bone.
“I’ll check on him, just hold on.” John scoops up another handful of crystals, hurrying over to the other man. He can see the rise and fall of his chest, but his curse marks are worse than Mycroft’s. John runs his fingers over the blackened flesh, infusing purifying energies through the stones. The marks fade slowly, clinging to their host. John removes everything that he can, but the taint clings to the man’s lungs. John can only hope the healers on base can take care of the rest of it.
“Different sort of swelling, I did an experiment recently on how the body retains water in various situations. It in…”
“Present company excluded of course,” Sherlock says.
John was in a bit of a haze, but he cleared of the kitchen table so they can start making preparations. This was going to take some getting used to.
“Order the tortellini, I promise, this is much better than the stuffy place down the road, besides their kitchen has rats.”
“Amazing,” Sherlock whispered, sounding awed. John took a moment to indulge in the sound, certain it would not be a tone he would hear often.
The final car gives a horrible screech of tearing metal. They share a glance, and as one, head into the fray.
Sherlock looks around his CHU. The place is a mess of equipment strewn about the small room. His small air conditioner is whirring in complaint, occasionally giving bursts of dust from the grates. The air is heavy with heat and dust clogs his throat and lungs. Sherlock has zero interest in going to the hospital, but at least he knows the hospital’s air will be running better than his wheezing box.
“Witnesses say they’ve seen a middle-aged man in the park every morning. Another homeless, but we couldn’t get a good description,” Lestrade remarked.
“For God’s sake, of course it wasn’t the husband, look at the man.” Sherlock scowls, standing over the body of Mrs. Harrow and gesturing at the husband they are taking away in cuffs.
The pub beneath the inn is mostly quiet, just a few locals milling about. The man behind the bar is a bigger man with a greying beard and a rather bored expression, but he perks up when he notices John. “Afternoon mate, how can I help you?”
John knows he is lucky to have even made it into the country. Despite threatening to fly to Afghanistan on his own wings if he had too, Mi6 had little interest in wasting resources on a rookie agent. It was Smith that had convinced them to risk the mission. John’s not actually sure what the man said to the higher ups, but permission was granted.
Needing to do something, anything then look at the man, he went about untying his brother and Lestrade. He flung the explosives to the other side of the pool for good measure.
Though the sound is quiet, the man practically leaps into the air, spinning about. “Oh Agent, eh, yes, hello,” he clears his throat, pushing up his spectacles in a practiced gesture. He has a young face, made even younger by his wide eyes which give him a perpetual deer in the headlights look.
John laughed. “Just petrifying,” he hands over two of his bags, like Hamish had just passed a test. Hamish knows the real test will be John getting him in front of Sherlock. Tricky.
John woke for the first time in weeks without the desperate, heart-pounding wrench into the real world. He felt calm, relaxed. His fever and shakes were gone and his shoulder felt better than ever.
Mycroft looks back at Balor, he seems unconcerned with their plotting, as he unwraps another layer, the heat increases. The water around the demon churns and the foliage grows brown, wilting. “Trust me,” Mycroft pleads. “I’ll give you time, you just have to shoot.”
“Just the one box?” he raises a dubious brow.
“Yeah, extraordinary, I’d like to hear more, but I have to leave, sorry,” John sounds honestly apologetic and Sherlock his stunned by the strange boy.
“Yes we do, now get me out of this damn hospital,” John grinned, feeling better. He had a bond mate to find.
“No wait,” Lestrade interrupts. The glare he receives is down right deadly, but he stands his ground. There is something about this kid. “Let him explain himself. What did you mean wrong?”
Sherlock shoots him a look, but continues his tale. “Her eyes were red and she had lost recent weight, obvious by the ill fit of her clothing. That was when I spotted a visitor's ticket from the local prison in her purse.”
“Yes ahh,” Sherlock steps carefully over to the pile, avoiding the worst of the mess. “That was good.” He casts a spell Lestrade doesn’t recognize, but the clay bubbles, rising before emitting three objects with a burp.
There was a woman in his bed.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he grins, “I work with the police.”
Greg scoffs, “I doubt it, this handful will probably be nicking pockets tomorrow, but booking him is a waste of time.” He wants to ask why they are on the streets, how two kids from a rich background and absolutely frightening intelligence wound up homeless.
“I lost my mind,” was all he could answer. His commander had shown him the pictures when they had forced him to sign his release paperwork. He didn’t remember any of it.
“Wait, please,” Lestrade struggles to pull his wallet from his pocket so he can hand them his card, his rush sends it and his soul metal to the floor with a clatter. “Shite,” he cusses reaching down to grab them both.
“Just one word, who?” Sherlock leans forward. “Can you write it down?”
Lestrade gives a long, slow blink. “Er, yes,” his eyes narrow, “and you know that how.”
“I’ll show you how to shoot it when we reach the valley. Here,” he clicks the button on the side. “Safety,” he clicks it again, “fire. Got it?”
“Right, okay,” John wasn’t about to argue. Sherlock was right, and he was knackered. “Night, then” he murmured, navigating the stairs to the second bedroom. It was oddly untouched, like Sherlock’s clutter had exploded down stairs, but couldn’t be bothered to reach any further.
John found himself chuckling, but stopped when he realized Sherlock’s mouth hadn’t been moving.
Moriarty slid into his space, “You’ll stay here.” He ran his fingers down the black patch on Hamish’s jacket, meant for shouldering guns.
“Mycroft’s people took him then?” Sherlock interupts, leaning against the wall.
The Golem’s mouth opens in a soundless cry as it dissolves, the clay falling off in clumps, mixing with the muck below until there is only a mess of wet clay.
Mycroft scrambles to his feet, and he and Mummy are running towards the man. They needn’t have worried. A young boy around nine-years-old raises a tree branch like a bat and slams it into the man’s head with a sickening crunch. The man falls like a stone, knocked unconscious.
Lestrade winces again. “I told them what you told me Sherlock, but forensics found gunpowder residue on Van Coon. They ruled it a double homicide, stating that Van Coon must have learned to shoot right handed despite his preference.”
“What’s wrong?” Mycroft has grown used to John’s wide-eyed appreciation of the world.
Also, I have a feeling I messed up my tenses somewhere in this chapter, but I'm to tired to worry about it.
The gunshot shatters through the air, obnoxiously loud. John pulls his wings up, a shield that should protect him, but the bullet sears through his wing and fire alights in his shoulder. As he falls, his attention never wavers from the man. The man that becomes a giant tiger before disappearing into the wind.
“He just trucked right along, you’d think he was one of us,” the man that had given him the bandana pipped up.
“Oh, shit,” Lestrade fumbles with his phone pressing call as he slides into the car. The line rings and rings and rings. It clicks off and another text alert sounds.
“Mi6 couldn’t purchase wing accommodating clothing?”
Sherlock comes back to his body with a jolt.
It was the weekend when things took a turn for the criminal.
He starts with the dry ingredients. Pounding them into a fine powder with the pestle, careful not to let anything spill from the bowl. Once powdered, he adds the fresh blooms and works them into the mixture. The added moisture from the fresh cut flowers helps to work the mixture into a thick paste.
“You shot two men for me,” Sherlock sounded dazed even to his own ears.
I'm sorry this chapter took so long. I had a lot I needed to happen and the picture took some time, but I'm happy with it overall. The next chapter is a big one and I have no idea how it's going to go, so that should be fun. ;P
He sighed, looking down at the body.
Smith throws up a shield, dodging out of the way in a smooth movement.
“Some sort of security consultant for a big corporation, he’s got a bunch of young recruits scurrying about. He says it reminds him of basic, but the food and pay are much better,” Murray laughs.
As soon as I started sketching the image for this chapter I just kept asking myself what the hell I was doing. Came out pretty well in the end though.
Sherlock startles, spinning on the couch to look at him. From the corner of the room, Hyperion trots over, looking excited.
John felt a jolt down their connection like a lightening bolt. All of Sherlock’s considerable focus was suddenly tuned to ‘the woman’.
Carson shook his head, “I’m sorry, I didn’t even know what he was doing. When he came in the third time, I couldn’t… I told him everything. Now the doctor tells me I should recover fine. I won’t be able to stay in the field and the thought of having anything near or around my eyes is frankly petrifying, but…” He trailed off, clenching his fist in impotent rage.
“Show yourself,” John snarls, flicking his wings open to cast light on the creature. The angel’s glow reveals muscled flesh, the same dark red of its aura. It’s claws, curved talons like a  bear, gouge into the street with each lumbering step.
“No, but the murderer might,” Lestrade scowls, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
“That’s good,” John sighs, falling back into the other chair. His body slumps, every tense muscle relaxing. “I felt the pain through the bond, I thought I was going to be too late.”
Moneypenny looks momentarily startled, but she contains it well. “We have been keeping an eye on your brother and are well aware of his gifts. I will give you a moment to contact him.” She pushes her phone towards him before standing and leaving.
“I told you,” Sherlock straightens his collar, “I work for the police.”
Trying to calm her, he gave a smile and an exaggerated bow. “And you must be Irene Adler.”
The boy looked at the badge for a long time, eyes squinted in concentration. He never moved his hands from the scaled side of his daemon. “My name’s John, this is Helios,” he whispered.
“Here you go Greg, your usual,” the barista greets him with a grin and two cups.
The envelope he is given is innocuous, simple white paper with the stamp of the Government Occult Department in the right corner. The classroom is filled with chatter as people open their envelopes, comparing scores and gushing over their peers.
“You should be honoured.”
Murray scrunches his brow. “I thought they got all the kids out about six months ago? Put together some massive rescue mission when they received a distress signal.”
“Ah thanks,” Lestrade shakes the offered hand and winds up trapped in an awkwardly long grasp.
“And you assume they can’t possibly be stronger than you?” Lestrade quirks a brow.
Hamish scurried around, holding his hands up. “Hey man, I didn’t mean nothing. Can’t let my Da realize all that money’s gone y’know.”
Lestrade huffs, but winces when the creature slams into the web, the shield giving a horrible whine. “My weapon is just fine thank you, cast the spell.”
“Here, that kid’s a bully, but he should leave you alone now,” the boy grins holding out the violin.
Sherlock is startled at first, before he notices the growing puddle of blood. He jerks his head up, eyes flicking about before he spots John beside the cage. He has one arm in a sling, but the other is holding his handgun, the end still trailing smoke.
“If you just stayed the night to rob me, you picked the wrong flat,” Lestrade comments dryly.
John is well aware of the damage his healing magic can cause, these stones are a good work around. “No that’s fine,” John shoots Mycroft a grin, “It’ll be nice to be able to heal people.”
We drive up the hill, near one of the largest pine trees I’ve ever seen Kevin tells Sherlock to stop and turn off the motor. We disembark and stand on the edge looking down into a small ravine. “The spring starts about a hundred yards or so further up the hill. Do you see the blue barrel down there?” Kevin asks.
Dr. John H. Watson
As the officer slams the door shut John yells out again, “I’m a free man dammit! I am Doctor John Hamish Watson, former Captain of the RAMC, three tours in Afghanistan, a veteran of Kandahar, Helmand, and Bart’s bloody Hospital! I demand a phone call!” Slamming the open palm of his right hand at the locked door hard enough to rattle the hinges.
John and Sherlock head out and are almost back to the rental agency with the lorry when the reply from Molly comes in.
“I agree.” Sherlock then adds kindly “I’m not sure there is much we can do if your aunt won’t admit to abuse. What were you expecting from us Miss Ouellette?”
1.	Denied orgasm
Six year old Rosie comes up the stairs with tears in her eyes followed by a flustered Mrs. Hudson. Rosie doesn’t stop at the lounge to greet her Papa as she usually does, she just runs on by up the next set of stairs and into her room.
Kevin clears his throat, reminding us we were not alone “You two need me to take the kid and go for a walk for a couple hours?”
It seems there was an arsonist running around Northern California the other day, there were fires breaking out all over. We were going to head down to the Rohnert Park Costco for supplies but we headed up to Fort Bragg instead to avoid the smoke and stay out of the way of emergency personnel. Hopefully the authorities catch the person or persons responsible quickly. Sherlock did a quick search and found a website that listed the fires, they all started within one-half to an hour of one another:
“It’s not our gun, it belongs to Major Kevin Andrews. We’re housesitting for him.” John divulges.
“We have a bid of £300, anyone for another £50?” Silence. No one has gone for more than £300.
John has raised the head of the bed to sit up, left eye open. “I’d take the catheter out myself, but it’s easier if someone else does it.”
“Sex made me feel alive, wanted... prove that I had survived another day.”
My bilateral CTS is not liking sheltering in place and I’ve been wearing my braces to sleep again at night. This was a dream I had the other night, when I woke up I wrote down what I could remember.
Sherlock growls, “Are we in the middle ages? Barbaric!”
“Why is Rosie crying?” Sherlock wonders looking up the stairs, John is working a short shift at the clinic but is expected home at any moment.
We head up the seventeen steps and put our bags to the side. I head to my laptop to send a note to Kevin about where to ship items. Sherlock flops onto the floor with Rosie and grabs the stuffed bumble bee toy she favours.
I search the bag Kevin left and find ammunition to reload our empty clips while he readies the next firearms. Kevin comes back with a riffle slung over each shoulder and a shotgun in each hand. Looking like he’s ready for battle. There is a rack built onto the side of the bench the cases are on, Kevin places a firearm in each notch.
“Bit eager are we?” Laughing, relaxed.
I was feeling a bit nostalgic, I had the stereo volume up as I danced along with tunes from when I was a teenager. I had the music up too loud and I failed to hear Sherlock enter and climb the steps. I’d been dancing along while dusting the bookshelves to Michael Jackson’s ‘Beat It’, when the song ends I hear clapping from the doorway.
I can only reply with “Oh God yes!”
I nod while I admit defeat, the ice pack will do me good.
Once again Donovan is manning the crime-scene-tape when we arrive. Just as she opens her mouth about to insult Sherlock I command “Don’t” while glaring at her. We could audibly hear her snap her mouth shut.
3.	Fellatio
“Have you deleted Christmas carols again Sherlock?”
John goes still, tight smile, clenched fists and growls out incredulously, “Hurt? You don’t want me to be hurt? Where was this concern after Sherlock jumped off a bloody roof in front of me and disappeared for over 2-years?” louder, deeper growl, “Where was this concern when you let me date and then wed a known assassin? The same assassin who then tried to kill your little brother?” Breathing deeply. “I don’t believe this!” Furious. “I don’t fucking believe your nerve! You. Have. No. Say. In. This. None!”
Hopeful, “Never?” kissing back.
I move us carefully to the floor, disengaging Sherlock and I with a small squelching sound. I feel boneless and utterly blissful as I gently rub Sherlock wherever I can reach. I start to whisper sweet nothings in his ear “Elegant, lovely, exquisite, gorgeous man. I love you so much. You don’t know how happy you make me. My brilliant, wonderful husband.” The more I speak the deeper the blush on Sherlock. “You are so magnificent, glorious, stunning. How did I ever get so lucky as to catch you?”
The road back up the hill had several large pinecones at one point, Sherlock stopped. Kevin mentioned they were Sugar pine cones, pointed out a Douglas fir cone. Sherlock collected several of both varieties for an experiment, though his eyes lit up when Kevin mentioned they look ‘really neat’ while burning.
John swallows, wincing again, “Yeah, ‘bout 2. I gave Rosie medicine then took a couple paracetamol myself.” He blinks slow, “Felt too worn out to make it up to our room… exhausted after taking off my jacket and shoes.”
“I’d be lost without my blogger.” Sherlock smiles.
DI Lestrade, holding several evidence bags, one containing a large knife, one with blood stained blue fabric that looks suspiciously like the silk dressing gown he bought for John and the other a fry pan. There is a prone man on the floor. Two ambulance technicians are tending to the unresponsive man on the hardwood floor.
“How come you didn’t return to Sherlock after Mary was killed?”
Sitting in my chair by the fire, Sherlock hands me back Rosie and takes his seat across from me.
Mary, with a placating hand up, “John I…”
“I’m fine John. Why don’t we get you settled in the kitchen and I’ll clean up your arm while we wait for the police to arrive.” Blushing, she can’t help but notice John’s penis peaking from the bottom of his tan t-shirt when he stands up straight. “I should find you another dressing gown or pyjama bottoms before the police arrive too.” Nodding down to his crotch.
Sighing, “Fine. Fine, we can get it all. Mind, you don’t need to get me anything for the next five Christmases after all of this.” John waves to the pile on the counter. Two three piece suits, pants, socks as well as several denim jeans. Two leather belts, one in black the other a polished brown. In addition a few button down and polo shirts and jumpers in colours Sherlock insisted brought out the colour of John’s eyes topped the stack.
“Right, I’ll, um, just go back to work. I’ll have a service drop of some pain meds and antibiotics later.” Jaw cracking yawn, “I’ll come back tomorrow after my class to check in on him again and bring a few more supplies and a new cane. John had a shower before I stitched him up, he stank of delousing agent. We changed the sheets. Um, keep his stitches dry." pointing, "I left notes on aftercare on the bedside table. If you have questions call, text, or just ask John, he’s an excellent Doctor. I’d like to x-ray his ribs, right hip and foot, make sure nothing is broken under the bruising.” Talking as he walks down the hallway.
After seeing the bottle of champagne Sherlock took off. I found him several minutes later perusing the wine while having a discussion with someone who turned out to be a local vintner with a display. We ended up with a case of assorted wine, a couple bottles signed. Sherlock also indulged in a bottle of Courvoisier VSOP Cognac. I grabbed a case of a micro-brew from a brewery near Kevin’s ranch the vintner recommended.
“How about Beef Bolognese? We can have some of the sauce on pasta tonight and make a lasagna out of the rest another day.”
The flat is coming together. John is learning. Sherlock asks for more.
He scoffs “Who’d want an old beat-up soldier like me?”
About an hour and two sweaty, sated bodies later we are cuddling under the covers relaxing toward sleep. I have my head on Sherlock’s shoulder, arm over his waist our legs entwined. I’m just about asleep when he asks a question “John, why do you love me? There’s nothing special about me.”
Sherlock gathers himself in his most intimidating stance and declares imperiously “Doctor Watson is my partner, I am staying.”
Sherlock strides in as Mrs. Hudson admonishes him for being rude and reminding him there are two sick people on the couch. “Yes, yes. I’ll do Rosie first.” Sliding the unit from forehead to her temple softly so as not to wake her. The gadget emits a low beep. Frowning Sherlock shows it to John, “It’s set to Fahrenheit, 99 is high correct?”
“I noticed you referred to you sister as ‘was’. What happened to Diana?” I ask dreading the answer.
I pull off his cock, “Soon love, soon. Don’t hold back, I want to hear you.” I add a third slicked finger.
“Angelo grab yourself a glass of wine, I’d like to say something to all of you.” He grabs a clean glass off of the table next to us and pours a bit of merlot into his glass.
Longer than I anticipated, Sherlock runs up into the bedroom where I’ve been waiting. I prepped the bed with a pad for easy clean-up later. I am laying crosswise on the bed, the pillows to my left, been here long enough to get overly comfortable and a light nap in. He’s standing next to the bed near my head holding the key in his hand. “Ah, found it did you. Good boy. Help me take a shower. Oh, bring the key” I carefully rise and swagger into the loo.
“I enjoy everything you cook for me John.” He replies shyly turning a bit pink.
Blushing, Sherlock grabs his washbag and change of clothes and heads into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
“Remain with Sherlock,” Mycroft said instantly, “The authorities will not trouble you.” The room smelled gorgeously of Sherlock as the man sank deeper and deeper into his cycle, his skin pouring off pheromones as he attempted to entice his mate even in his sleep. It was hard to remain focussed and in control but John’s over-riding instinct was to protect Sherlock from any further indignity, to care for him, and to keep him safe. It was only because he recognised that he was becoming compromised that John didn’t spill out a thousand questions he had thought he was fairly certain that Mycroft had all the answers. Those would have to wait. “Sherlock is still legally deceased, Doctor Watson. If you feel uncomfortable offering him medical attention, would you please remain with him until I can secure someone appropriate to see to his needs?”
It was dark and silent for a long time. When Sherlock finally found his way back to the light, he could hear several people speaking softly, “We told you that the treatments were highly experimental and that there could be unexpected side-effects. Your brother was in an induced coma for nearly three months to promote the healing of his limbs, another highly experimental treatment! There was no way for us to predict how he might have been mentally affected by it all. We have no idea at all what kind of life he’s been living in. For all we know he could have spent the last several weeks having the time of his life.”
“I thought I knew him, Mycroft. I trusted him. I believed...”
behaviour earlier that he’s agreed
, “Or the fact that you haven’t aged a jot in all the time I’ve known you?”
“With any luck, they won’t be expecting us to try this and won’t be heavily armed on the other side. I can’t say what the next stage is because I have no idea of the layout of this place. If we can get to some kind of control room, or miraculously, an actual exit, then we’d have a real chance.” John nodded discretely, edging as close to the panel as he could until they were almost pressing their foreheads together, intently exchanging ideas and possible plans until they had the beginnings of something worked out. John wanted to live. He wanted to escape. He needed his freedom so he could exact the vengeance that burned steadily inside him. His daughter was who-knew-where, practically an orphan, and Sherlock was dead. Someone needed to pay for that, and John would make them suffer horribly for every drop of blood that had spilt, and nothing could stop him from trying.
7:15 am – I just picked up a small press and a pound of fresh ground coffee. Text me when you wake. SH
Sherlock was pleasantly stunned, his mind struggling to take in John’s words, to comprehend the situation that was unfolding, “You’re saying that you want to stay at Baker Street?” He sat there, frozen, his face an expressionless mask.
John checked the bathroom and fridge, and even the small pantry that he’d installed while Sherlock had publicly been dead. By the time he was done, his shopping list was lengthy. There was a mound of laundry spilling over the top of the hamper, and when John peeked into Sherlock’s bedroom, he could see additional mountains of linen and discarded suits piled into a corner. He sighed, conflicted. It was their private space, but he knew Sherlock well enough to know that he’d rather go purchase a new wardrobe before he’d willingly do the laundry or even drop off the dry-cleaning. Danny’s things were in there too, so using a pair of nitrile gloves because Sherlock often had untoward things in his pockets, the doctor rounded up all the items he could see. After that, John went through the flat once more, gathering up the unpleasantly stiff and rank linen, and other bits that were in small drifts in the corners. It took a while to haul it all downstairs where the machine was, and longer to sort out which load to put in first, it all seemed to need cleaning urgently.
“He’s not here,” John began to explain as an extremely matronly nurse walked in. She exuded crisp no-nonsense practicality as she made her way directly to Sherlock’s side.
, right Mary?” John pretended to spare a considerate glance at David who was still sparring with Sherlock but also listening if the angry red spots on his cheeks were any indication. John decided to push harder so that David’s attention was less focussed on his lover. “What’s it like having a finger for a cock, David? I saw your little nub, baby boy. I guess it must be a bit of alright since Mary can take it, and she’s a beta. Is that why you like her because you can pretend to be with an omega?”
“To serve and protect your majesty, to defend your maidenly honour, but also, to offer you this tea which I have carefully made by mine own hand.” John sounded dramatically courtly and against his will, Sherlock laughed. “Come on, get up, Princess Sulky, drink your tea. I brought biscuits, too.”
Mrs Hudson was moving on with her next job, which was transferring now unpackaged glitter drenched pretties into a large hand-basket. Sherlock had purchased every ridiculous one he could locate, knowing John had a fondness for odd things. The basket was piled high before she was done, and Sherlock set it under the tree for when John came home from work.
“Would you marry me, Sherlock?” John’s eyes were open and solemn. “I know our whole lives just changed today but…I love you, Sherlock. I’ve been in love with you probably since the first day we met but I never did anything about it. Now, all this time has gone by and that feeling has never gone away. It’s bigger than ever. Now here we are, together because of a magic bond which is so unfair to you, so I’m going to ask, of your own volition, would you marry me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes?”
here? Where?” Casually, Sherlock packed up Rosie’s favourite plush toys, her soiled bottles, cups, all of her tiny laundry, and packed it all into a large colourful bag.
The stab wound was shallow and more aggravating than disabling but he knew it was only because he’d been moving away from her now that it hadn’t been worse. Having failed at that, John knew she was just trying to rile him up, so he ignored her as best he could because he recalled the nights where he’d wrung orgasm after orgasm from her, the scent of her satiation rich in his aural memory.
Sherlock was listening intently to whatever Mycroft was saying, his normal disdain for his brother’s input nowhere in evidence. John didn’t have to wonder long because a familiar and once dear voice was singing out his name in a taunting tone, “John! Where are you, John? Are you with Sherlock, John? I know you are, you’d never leave that cum-dump anywhere alone, would you?”
John didn’t seem to mind at all, just continuing on making toast and tea like it was any other morning, except now they exchanged almost chaste kisses at the corner of each other’s mouths. It was charming and sweet, and Sherlock felt his fears melt away just a little more. By now, his body was nearly completely healed. Only a lingering stiffness in the skin along his back and legs remained as a reminder of what his transport had endured, the serums and strange treatments he’d undergone allowing his transport to accelerate its natural healing timeline. It was very odd. His new skin lacked the ability to grow hair, for now, at least. His specialists said that it would need to mature, perhaps in the upcoming months and possibly years, Sherlock would have something other than the completely flawless and smooth flesh that he newly possessed. It was very sensitive too, the nerve-endings easily stimulated making things like towelling off after a shower a very arousing experience.
her, Sherlock. We just talk about my blog and cases.”
made it impossible and that was depressing. Losing your citizenship often translated into being treated worse than chattel, now he couldn’t even use anything fun to dull the pain. Guardsmen often used prisoners to satisfy whatever urges needed dealing with, so it was fortunate that Sherlock's vice had been drugs, specifically to
“I remember what I was dreaming about, and what I said. I told you to keep it a secret from me but I don’t really want you to. I want it to be out in the open for anyone to see because you and I have been hiding from one another for far too long, I feel. Our lives are a crazy mess that only ever makes sense when we’re together. Yes, I was off my head when I told you but it wasn’t a lie. I love you, Sherlock. I thought I was being a good friend by keeping that information from you because you said you were married to your work, but I’m rather hoping you might be willing to be married to me instead. You can slag around with the work on the side, I don’t mind.”
The trip out of the city was uneventful. Mycroft had his people drop off an unassuming black car in front of their building, so Sherlock drove them to his brother’s house via a wildly circuitous route. John’s thoughts came together enough for him to realise that Sherlock was just enjoying himself, pretending it was just a nice day for a drive with the person he cared for. It wasn’t enough to shake the SUV trailing after them, and John was certain that his preternaturally observant omega had spotted it as well. It was a tad annoying to have Mycroft’s people tailing them, but he supposed the circumstances warranted it. Hoping it would make his omega happy, John reached over and carefully lay his hand upon Sherlock’s thigh. He glanced over and was relieved to see a small smile on Sherlock’s face, but also a sad tear slipping down his cheek again, “Thank you, John. This is lovely, isn’t it? We so seldom have a sunny day together.”
For the first time in his entire life, John allowed his full alpha nature manifest, and now, Sherlock was unable to restrain or subdue John from acting.
Mycroft wasn’t giving John choices and oddly, it made him relieved. He just had to do what he was told and for John, it was like being back in the military, predictable, almost comforting, and natural. He knew how to take an order, and how to follow through with it. Like a good soldier, John set aside his personal feelings about the situation and got on with it. He had a mission so like the soldier he was, he prepared.
“I’d like to say no but our lives are very strange and it could happen.” John laughed softly as Sherlock smiled into his chest, “What do you say we begin a Christmas sex tradition? Marathon sex all Christmas Day?”
John’s tears melded with Sherlock’s as they wept with relief and happiness. Marriage could wait. Children were possible. Everything was possible. They had bonded.
“Get up, get up. Back to back, man. You were out long enough for your bones to heal so fucking get up! Help me, and we both might survive.”
. Summoning every bit of strength, he had left, Sherlock opened his mouth and managed to croak out a single word, “John.”
Still…the shoes.
“Movers?” John was confused, “What are they moving? I barely have anything.”
“You never offered to share even if I was, which I wasn’t,” David sounded irritated, and a bit closer. They were close enough to hear, but not enough to see where John and Sherlock were hiding. “You know that alphas fucking alphas is unnatural. Our cocks could cause serious damage.”
body part you make your decisions with, Johnny.” He wrinkled his nose and she just laughed, “Eat your dinner, John.”
“Awkward for whom?” Sherlock asked darkly,
Sherlock felt his heart shatter completely into dust, and all the fight left him. “Yes, you can, John. Yes. Do whatever you like with your time,
There was a loud thumping sound, irregular and halting but thunderous nonetheless. Sherlock felt a scorching pain in his chest as his entire body spasmed everywhere at once, all his muscles tightening simultaneously, forcing him to keep the screams inside. His skin felt like it was splitting all down his back and legs and the agony of not breathing wasn’t helped at all by the accompanying pain of the rest of his flesh. Sherlock felt like he was exploding from the outside in as if layers of himself were painfully peeling off to leave his organs exposed and vulnerable. He was suddenly aware of the thumping again. It was growing louder, more regular, and finally, it settled into a rhythmic throb.
Sherlock knew that hesitating wouldn’t get him out of this and that it wasn’t wise to risk angering his master over something he couldn’t stop anyway. Bracing himself, Sherlock leaned in and forced himself to lap at John’s tiny tight anus. It was a bit darker than the rest of his skin but not much. It was wrinkled and hard, but oddly, the tissue itself was very soft. Sherlock was surprised to find that it didn’t taste very different than John’s penis had, a bit musky, a tad salty, but not grotesque. He swept his tongue in circles, pressing and licking until John was sighing with contentment, “That’s just lovely. Go on, push inside. I want to feel your tongue sliding in and out.”
“Well, it was a stunt, but I legitimately thought he had died,” John’s brow wrinkled, “I was living with my girlfriend.”
help Lestrade, but only via email and text. He hadn’t been to an actual crime scene in weeks. He'd spent nearly the entire winter locked indoors raising a child who wasn’t his. Suddenly, Sherlock felt restless. “I need to walk.”
given her son was what had driven him to the streets to begin with. Her misplaced anger and twisted guilt had enabled her to poison total strangers without remorse. John was with Greg when they arrested her right in front of her church, her purse filled with her organization’s pamphlets as well as over a dozen small baggies filled with a poisonous powder she had cooked up herself in her kitchen.
. How could John have ever thought it was otherwise?
Sherlock wondered which part of the rules this manoeuvre applied to, never having played this card game before.
“I’m not insinuating. I’m declaring it outright. You are abusing John’s state of mind. You’ve already pushed him to the limit once, do you want that to happen again? If you care and respect your mate, you would see that, but no, you prefer behaving like a selfish child.” Sherlock huffed out an offended snort, “He barely sleeps, he hardly eats, he’s been wearing the same blood-stained clothing for twelve days, he has a fully developed beard, and he smells so awful that everyone who passes by thinks he crawled out of a landfill.”
Sherlock’s brain ran through a quick catalogue list of the physical trauma he’d suffered, all the emotional pain that both he and John had endured, and how all of it had been a testament to the strength of the bond he’d mistakenly thought was eternal. Today had been the final bit of pressure that had shattered them.
. Now John took a harder look at Sherlock and didn’t like what he saw. Sherlock was so thin, so ill-looking, so poorly cared for. He didn’t have spare physical resources. He showed signs of long-term health issues; the bonding/widowing would have played havoc on his internal balances and Sherlock might be suffering permanent damage. He needed extended care, he should be straining himself at all until he was back in balance once more, if it was even possible to achieve. This heat was a danger to him but there was no stopping it.
. There, Mycroft provided a stand-alone computer upon which Sherlock downloaded everything he’d obtained so far. With some misgivings, Sherlock allowed the young man Mycroft also provided to begin working on the aggregate data, sifting and sorting through information to try and find patterns. Sherlock was sure that he could do a better job of it, but he was but one man, and if he wanted to find John, then he would need to keep doing what he was good at which was leaving no stone unturned. Danny wasn’t as comfortable with computers but since his talents lay more toward seeing links that were hidden, it wasn’t any surprise, to Sherlock at least, that Danny was the one to notice something odd, “Isn’t it weird that we have all these pins all over England but there are these huge dead-zones?”
“I’m saying no because of what I did to you, not because you are a man, Sherlock. Give me at least that!” John felt horrid that Sherlock had even gone there, mentally. He deserved it though because he had said those words, dozens of times, “Sherlock...I’m poison to you. I’m just...look at us right now! I keep fucking up and you keep getting hurt because of it. Just...leave me behind, Sherlock. Go, live a better life.”
Lestrade came by, Donovan and Anderson in tow. John was washing dishes in the kitchen, mutely focused on his task. When Sherlock called for tea, John smoothly segued, filling a serving tray with crockery and hot tea, serving their guests silently. He could smell their unthreatening beta smells clearly. All of them had just come back from a crime scene. They all smelled of the material that caution tape was made of, he knew it well. Donovan commented first, looking John over with some confusion, “Why are you back with the freak?”
Sherlock blinked because he was having difficulty processing the fact that...Greg...had not only broken John’s nose on his behalf but that he’d followed through and thrown John in jail. “Is that why my brother...”
John was filled with glee.
Sherlock’s hands slipped around John’s hips to grasp at his very sticky behind, and daringly, Sherlock swirled the pad of his finger around John’s entrance. John seemed to be having a hard time keeping his legs spread, so helpfully, Sherlock divested him of his trousers before he lifted one well-muscled thigh and draped it over his shoulder. This helped John keep himself braced against the counter and allowed Sherlock easy access to someplace he wanted to explore. Wetting his finger thoroughly, Sherlock gently pressed against John’s hole and was immediately rewarded by a choked off warning, “Coming." Sherlock pulled off just in time to receive several stripes of John’s come across his lips, his cheek, and his neck. He licked a bit up and decided that it wasn’t too bad. Perhaps the next time he tried this he would give a go at swallowing, certainly, it would be the less messy choice.
“What about Mary?
Opening up the door to 221 John spots packed suitcases in the entryway. But those aren’t John’s bags, those are Sherlock’s…
Sherlock pulls John in for another hug, kissing his forehead before stating “You have had to put up with much worse in the past from me, how could I not?”
He blushes a lovely shade of red. “And if I had?” he queries.
The blonde man cracks open one dark blue eye and slurs, “John. Can we talk when the car isn’t moving?” Groaning at a bump in the road followed by a rough cough, then closing his eye again with a grimace.
I wave my free hand to Sherlock’s retreating back “Right, well...I’ll just…” Sherlock, thankfully waits for me at the elevator. “He suspects something is different with us, but can’t figure out what. I wonder what he’d think if he really knew.” I wonder at Sherlock.
John’s muffled, “Right, right, sorry, I’ll behave. Whose pyjamas am I wearing anyway? Are these silk?”
“I, I have to leave John.” Despondent.
Sherlock points toward the hall. “Go” he orders. When I still don’t move he adds, softer, pleading, “Go, I’ll give you a massage then you will take a hot shower while I order dinner. Next we can watch crap telly while we eat, go to bed early and wake up late.”
4.	Wax
Mycroft calms down “Apologies. Thank you John. Yes, you are at risk. An FBI task force is on its way, they should be there shortly. They have surveillance photos of you and Sherlock when you went to Fort Bragg the other day. The FBI was tailing a suspect, that suspect was following the three of you.”
“I can take care of you when you get back.” Kissing Sherlock on the tip of his nose.
Looking down at his chest as though he’s forgotten about the baby he had been cuddling and gently rocking. “I’ll just go pop up and put her down…” Looking at John, “Don’t make any more dough without me.” Turns, passes Mrs. Hudson and heads up the stairs to Rosie’s room.
“Hmm.” Taking another sip from his glass, “I’m just glad she’s not out there chasing after criminals like we did though. Exciting as it was, we took too many chances. I almost lost you a few times.”
John rises, adjusts himself in his pants then takes the mostly empty food containers away to throw out. On his way back, he grabs a bottle of Scotch and two tumblers pouring out a fingers worth in each glass, handing one to Sherlock. John throws another log on the fire and sits, closer to Sherlock than he was before.
Think of Rosie and Sherlock playing, him reading her a story. Her eyes light up when he reads her Treasure Island, changing his voice for each character. I must admit, I enjoy hearing him read it as well. Oh, that’s better. Keep remembering the two of them.
Story Note: It’s the wedding day! Everything will go off without a hitch, right? Right?
He was so startled he dropped the glass in his hand to shatter against the stone floor when a loud cry rang out. Looking outside the widows he spies crossbow bolts and arrows fly upward into the sky toward a flying man? Giant bird? Beast? Whatever it was had golden wings similar to those of an eagle, a very large eagle. The being in question made a heart-breaking cry and spiralled out of control, hitting the side of the tower before landing in a heap upon his balcony.
“As long as you don’t fake your death on me again Sherlock we’re good.” Commanding.
“The blond gentleman, Doctor John Watson. He was accosted three days ago; head trauma. He regained consciousness a couple hours ago. He was experiencing double vision, nausea, a head ache, as well as a sensitivity to light.” Shaking and dropping Doctor Jacobs’ hand. Glancing at the bed. “Just before half six he underwent a seizure. It lasted less than thirty seconds, I was a witness. No previous personal or family history of having any.” Mycroft reports quietly.
Sherlock is one of the best masseuses I have ever encountered. Loose, relaxed and feeling much better and highly aroused I don’t object as Sherlock shifts me to drape my legs over the side of the bed. Sherlock kneels on the floor, leans down and runs his tongue from the root of my cock to the tip. He then takes the base of my cock with one hand and unzips his own trousers and grips himself with the other.
