The same people who named the ‘patience grenade’ that caused the gigantic, erm, ‘explosion’ in s4: DX 707, which (as I’ve explained
somewhere, but I can’t find it right now), so I will try to be brief; I’m sure I’m, by no means, the first one to be pointing this out, and there’s probably no need to dwell on this.
What’s more, we’re actually told why John’s ‘baby’ (=his future relationship) can’t have the name Sherlock:
Tell me again how John is the romantic in this. Ha!
We have now looked at two levels expressed in this scene: 1) the literal (textual) surface level and 2) the metaphorical/symbolic (foreshadowing) level of this scene.
In TBB this story is still totally hidden from the casual viewer, yet the subtext (with Soo-Lin, her brother and her colleague Andy) is also fully exposed to us.
Yes, I know that the set designers have not built this particular set and that the tapestry was already there. But the way they chose to include it suggests that they know about its history.
And in a metaphorical sense, this is also true for Sherlock after the Reichenbach episode: a man half dead and half alive. To John, he is dead and has been buried, and yet...he’s alive. To the audience, Sherlock appears trapped in an elusive Schrödinger’s-cat-like state after that jump in s2ep3.
Nope. Not saying even that.
Remember Sherlock’s very, very, very homosexual ‘transport’ (=his body) in ASiB? That ‘transport’ that was 300% gay...I wrote about the fact that that ‘transport’ had immaculate nails here (
Just as with John, who we are meant to understand is considering his own love life and his options when he is all alone with the ‘baby’ (see above), Sherlock’s interaction with the ‘baby’, while he is all on his own, tells us something about Sherlock’s POV on his own love life, on his own future relationship.
So, Nathan (John’s brain/intellectual side) is quite a bit ‘shortsighted’.
for taking these pictures for us. They really made an otherwise rather gloomy day much better for me and made me smile.)
Sherlock is a scientist, and as a scientist he is trying to understand what about John it is EXACTLY that made him fall for John. And knowing which of the three John!mirrors ‘killed’ Evans (=Sherlock) is of the utmost importance to Sherlock here, as demonstrated by the do-or-die-urgency of this Sherrinford task presented to him by Eurus.
Another possible explanation of the ‘flip’ is what I have proposed a couple of times before in comments to other people’s metas. (Comments that I can’t find right now because I’m an idiot.:))
Seriously, re-watch it and listen to the dialogue there. It’s quite clever.
Anyway, I don’t think any of these paintings are meant to convey any deep symbolic messages to us. My guess is that, just as with the charming Moucheron
The gridiron specifically points us in the direction of the murder weapons used in this episode and reminds us that it’s important to look at them.
In an episode that is all about sex (from the hiker-and-the-backfiring-car deduction to the way Irene represents Sherlock’s libido) this is NO coincidence! Trust me.
It’s possible @meta-lock [...] is right about their observation that Vermeer was chosen because of his Christian name ‘Johannes’. It would certainly make a lot of sense and tie the supernova (exploding star) to John and all of his John!mirrors (Sherlock’s dad!)
Yeah. That ‘baby’ (=relationship) is sure shitting a lot.:D You could say that this ‘baby’ (=relationship) has ‘shat up’ John’s life even before it has really, properly come out. Look how much shit comes out of that ‘baby’ (=relationship). That ‘baby’ (=relationship) is sure shitty, man.
So, if Vastra and Jenny just enjoy being surrounded by female beauty what is this sculpture doing there? It’s a sculpture that has had an enormous impact on gay (male!) culture.
And it’s certainly no coincidence that those two scenes immediately follow each other in TST: First we see Sherlock’s take on his love life. And then we see John contemplating his bisexuality and showing it (the flower) to the ‘baby’, but being afraid to show it to people when his body is out in public...
By the way, there is, in fact, a second painting in that ‘Sherlock’ scene, but due to the angle of the frame it’s impossible to make out.
How do we know? Well, we all know that John’s sexuality is basically dual: He has a heterosexual and a homosexual side (
, for this idea. This wouldn’t have occurred to me if you hadn’t pointed out how much TFP is like a near-death experience in our recent collaborative creative ‘shouting match’:
And Sherlock is smiling happily as he walks away from the Piet Mondrian closet and towards John...
In a very rare scene of utmost beauty we also get an interaction of Sherlock with the ‘baby’, ie...of Sherlock with HIS (!) love life.
But, I mean, I can still imagine that Sherlock himself is looking right at it, seeing as he’s facing it in the above screenshot. And everything that is on that wall was put there by Sherlock’s drug-addled brain anyway, since he’s only dreaming this. So...:)
What we’re told in this baptism scene in TST is very, very important. And it’s not about a literal, actual baby christening at all.
) about the five Sherrinford tasks (the one which I now think wasn’t really good in that it didn’t realise that ‘murder’ in TFP is just metaphorical ‘murder’ not real murder), the five tasks Sherlock has to solve in TFP correspond to the five series Mofftiss have (probably) planned for the show BBC ‘Sherlock’. I still stand by that assertion even though my original meta was probably wrong on a few vectors (mostly the metaphorical ‘murder’ thing).
Well, the clothes are obvious, as I said above: Alex is putting on something that he, essentially, ISN’T. John is putting on the metaphorical ‘clothes’ of heterosexuality (=he got married to a woman).
The answer that you arrive at once you grow up and become a bit wiser is, of course, that it’s none of those things.
Most art-historians today agree that who we see depicted here is actually
But, as cleverer people than I have pointed out ages ago, Sherlock is making an effort to be better: He has baby-proofed his flat. Every last piece of furniture is now rounded:
It’s possible that that was the moment when John ‘saw’ something about himself, something he hadn’t seen before (metaphorical ‘laser surgery’). Because of James, he reevaluated his feelings for men. He finally named his own orientation to himself. And THAT’s when he decided to date women. Like...lots and lots of them. (Those women are represented by the new clothes and the fake sun tan on Alex. That’s the heterosexual choice.) John returned to ‘civilian life’ after a ‘war’ and went straight for girls.
Let’s keep in mind that this Cupid with his arrow turns up just as John discovers a more or less naked Sherlock in the room.:)
You love the whole person.
And what happens?
Anyway, it’s nice how John is positioned in front of the more stormy Wilson painting (red circle). John is more agitated at that moment, after all, gesturing with his gun. Whilst Sherlock is standing in front of the calmer Stanfield canvas (yellow circle), which does nonetheless depict a beach scene right as the tide’s about to come in. So, basically a calm scene that’s about to get wild and unpredictable too.
This is about a, ahem, literal DEFLOWERING, right?
Remember the bust in Magnussen’s mind palace in series 3?
We’re clearly shown that there are apples and magpies (Moriarty=homophobia) in the vicinity of John’s ‘baby’. So, even in the privacy of his own home (own mind), John is aware of the threat that is hanging over his potential future relationship. Also, mind the fish (Magnussen=the shark=the media). (And I think none of us have come up with a really good metaphorical reading for the clown yet, so I’m going to ignore that one for now.)
No way you would get a real tan from being exposed to the moon. Haha! There are no traces of a real tan (real love) on John because of Mary. He doesn’t love her.
So, what we thus have are two scenarios:
In TST, however, we find out that Mary
And when you think about that person, you literally FEEL THE SAME (as Eurus tells us) about all of their personality aspects. You feel they all deserve to fall into your emotional ‘ocean’. All of them.
It’s at ‘Mancini’s’. Yes, you may scream now.
In other words, what is happening here is in someone’s head. It’s a dream!
Sherlock really, really wants John’s future to bear his (Sherlock’s!) name. That’s clear, right?
That’s why, in the context of TSOT, I would like to offer the peacock-as-a-metaphor-for-Sherlock’s-brain-trying-to-ignore-rather-obvious-erotic-urges interpretation for your consideration.
Note that this
. A head without its body! It even has a little pig-tail thingy at the very back of its head. And since the whole statue is the sculpture of a dancer, this means that we’re currently getting only the head of the dancer, without the dancing body. A cut-off head.
Sherlock taught John how to dance, you say?
It is not the sort of thing ladies who, erm, enjoy the company of other ladies put in their homes.
She is also the one who engages the ‘terrorists’ (feelings).
The two worlds the Doctor is all about: Earth and Gallifrey...The two planets, the two worlds, that the Doctor has to juggle somehow, the two worlds he’s looking out for, the two worlds he cares about...
Also, the shot composition is really, really reminiscent of the one in this infamous shot in ‘Sherlock’s’ THoB:
1) The bust is about introspection, about peering inside your own head and getting an understanding of your own true self because that’s what usually happens when you go see a therapist.
S4 will probably turn out to have been from Sherlock’s POV. So what Mofftiss are telling us metaphorically is, “Pay attention to perspective.” I think the partial blindness aspect here means that Sherlock needs to change perspective on his life. He needs to cover that one metaphorical ‘eye’ of his to get a different perspective on things in his life. Only then will he manage to see things from a different point of view.
Well, the moment Zhi-Zhu starts firing at Sherlock, Sherlock takes cover behind this sculpture:
Needless to say that Clara’s transformation into the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ happens right above a tea pot (!):
If you need a tea-spewing moment, too, this is Winckelmann’s famous rant on the ‘Apollo Belvedere’, the very sculpture that was pretty much likened to Sherlock in the scene above. Homoerotically-charged doesn’t even begin to cover it:
In any case, this Anadyomene-type Venus sculpture is half-draped and thus half covered and half exposed – like the subtext of the show.
(Little bonus scene about the baby metaphor under the cut...)
. But others might have written about it, too.)
what he should be living for.
Consequently, the sculpture was nicely lit throughout the scene, ie, bathed in very bright white light, as if to make sure we would notice it.
The centre panel is where it gets really interesting though. Because, inside the room, it’s not Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain) and not John (Sherlock’s heart) who’s standing there. It’s Sherlock himself.
The other statue in Madame Vastra’s living room (the one on the left hand side) is ALSO a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture. One that is so well-known I’m sure you will all immediately recognise it:
There isn’t anything specific in Evans’s appearance that would mark him out as a Sherlock!mirror. Trust Mofftiss to make it difficult for us and pick an actor who has neither curls nor killer cheekbones and who doesn’t wear a chequered shirt or a John-jumper either...all to confuse us as to whether this man is supposed to represent John or Sherlock. Look, they’ve even put him in a plain white t-shirt to make it virtually impossible for us to interpret his choice of clothes one way or the other.
Instead...
time.
His love affair with Cleopatra did not meet the approval of Roman society, one of the (many) reasons for this being that Mark Antony was already married (!).
Seconds before Sherlock walks through that door, in a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it flash, we can see someone remove Sherlock’s coat for him.
Sherlock must feel under a lot of pressure from all those pesky feelings overrunning his rational brain centres if he’s dreaming up something like this secret cult of the ‘League of Furies’.
It’s the ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 23 February 2017
The very mention of love summons the ghosts of Sherlock’s past.
A fully life-sized statue of a naked woman who could be looked at from all sides had never been done before. (I’m sure Moftiss, too, are just relishing in the fact that they’re doing something that has never been done before.)
Speaking of which...
There has been a lot of speculation by art historians about the question what the two (empty) circles in Rembrandt’s original painting could mean, but one of the explanations that comes up again and again is that they have to be interpreted as a map consisting of two hemispheres: the Old and the New World.
‘The Final Problem’ (TFP) gave us a film-noir sequence, and it has been suggested that
Can you tell Gatiss was having fun with this?
Just in case you’re interested:
(And yeah, I can’t believe I just basically equated going to Heaven with having an orgasm.:) It’s much more than that, obviously: It’s all about that theme of liberation, about the freedom to love and be loved.)
We don’t even know what this means precisely.
It’s like a number that can mean different things depending on whether you put a + or a – in front of it. It’s like a switch on an electrical switchboard that means different things depending on its position.
All screencaps taken from
This houseplant is literally called the “monstrous” or the “abnormal”. You do understand where I’m going with this, right? Mofftiss have repeatedly used this metaphor in (and even outside of) their show because it’s something that has been done A LOT in Victorian horror stories. Think of the brilliant meta ‘Ghost stories are gay stories’ (
And there’s that Melchior d’Hondecoeter painting right behind them. The painting of a giant peaCOCK.
And these two men are, shall we say, ogling each other in that one specific scene.
Oh, and by the way, have I mentioned this is a statue by Antonio Canova? Haven’t we seen this artist represented on BBC ‘Sherlock’, too?
Remember that thought?
in TBB, for example).
’s question about the screwy, curling bamboo in the Pilot:
The fact that this war memorial was originally built to commemorate the fallen and the wounded of the 1878-1880 Anglo-Afghan war can’t have escaped the show runners. This callback to the original ACD!stories and canon!Watson’s military background is just too good not to be used. I’m pretty sure Mofftiss knew about that when they first checked out this location in Cardiff.
So, this is some nice foreshadowing of a near-death experience right there.
The show has done this countless times before, and whenever it ‘cut off the head’ of some world-famous statue, it was meant to be read as Sherlock.
As a personification of John’s heterosexual choice, Mary has John’s homosexual side (the dog) on a leash.
EMP is a commentary on what has been done to Sherlock Holmes for the last 120 years in adaptation after adaptation after adaptation.
John understands something (fixes his eyesight). John finally gets something after a very long time...something about himself possibly. And THEN he goes and says, “Now I need new clothes and a fake tan,” (=chooses his heterosexual side).
And let’s not forget that this is the same episode in which the CIA agent tells ‘Mr Archer’ (ahem) to shoot Doctor Watson. Ha!
The episode tilts on its head as everything goes off the rails at that exact moment.
So, now that we have established that this scene neatly foreshadows Sherlock’s EMP, let’s go one step further.
I’m telling you, guys: That long table at the Tbilisi embassy is basically Sherlock’s hospital bed! Look they even put a few newspapers on the table:
But good on you, John! You can manage the rest of the road that remains to be travelled. I’m absolutely certain.
John and Mary are holding the baby, so this is their (!) relationship we’re talking about, not John and Sherlock’s.
[While uploading it to AO3 just now, I've changed a section in the middle, which misattributed pieces of dialogue to the wrong characters. I have now corrected that mistake.]
We are also told that they (read: Sherlock) have been in here for quite some time. (I don’t know whether those three months have to be taken literally, but it’s definitely a long time.)
The other person could be an absolute scoundrel, who’s really stupid sometimes and totally looks like crap, and you would still feel the same way about them.:)
(By the way, if you want, you can read this as a general commentary on our BBC!Sherlock figure, too. He tried to hide (ie, suppress) the sexual in his life, but, ultimately, this is pointless. It always comes out, in the end. The dye you use to hide things fades away with time.)
’ on top of the Old Bailey is shown multiple times in ‘The Reichenbach Fall’.[...]
All that John is doing now is drinking and mourning. (Yeah, that definitely mirrors the hiatus between TRF and TEH.) The ‘baby’ relationship is gone.
Well, yes, it is.
’ tag might be a better idea if you’re looking for something).
Note how tenderly John is kissing Jesus. (Yes, John’s kissing him!) And we all know who our Jesus figure is on ‘Sherlock’: Sherlock.
There has been a lot of speculation about what book John is reading in ‘ASiB’, with some proposing that it is the Bible and others suggesting that it might be a novel or a play. I’ve just had a different idea...
The BBC show ‘Sherlock’ uses a copy that is reduced to a bust, like so:
Oh, yes! That’s him again. The ‘Apollo Belvedere’.
John tells Sherlock that he has to get back to the ‘baby’ (their relationship!). Hurrah! All of that while holding a cup of what is presumably ‘tea’.:)
EMP has nothing to do with Arthur Conan Doyle.
All screencaps taken from
Behold the gayest statue of all statues!
She tells Sherlock’s heart that
) about ‘Sherlock’, I had pointed out that, in TBB, the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ sculpture meant that Andy (a John!mirror) was, at that moment; pining after Soo-Lin (a Sherlock!mirror). Andy (=John) was reprimanded here to stay away from Soo-Lin (Sherlock) by his boss (another Sherlock!mirror with dark curls and all).
So, we’re told here that the ‘baby’ (=the relationship Mary and John have) has vomited all over John’s ‘place’.
But obviously we all know what it is that they’re all three looking at in the screenshot above: the ‘dog’ (homosexuality metaphor!). So, we know how this will all turn out, right?:)
b) the idea that it’s Antinous is...well, actually wrong, but also not quite...
And the Emilia Ricoletti gun theme is taken up again by Moriarty, too, when he turns up, gun in hand (even gun on tongue), at Sherlock’s place.
bisexuality on his sleeve. He even forgets about it (the flower), it seems to feel natural where it is. It’s only when people call him out on it and he realises that other people can actually see it that he feels uncomfortable with it and starts to back pedal.
But my guess would be that these paintings serve nothing more than a decorative purpose without any deeper symbolic meaning. The film crew needed to film that breakfast scene somewhere, after all.
Now, you’re gonna have to trust me on this one because I come bearing only the flimsiest kind of evidence. Hopefully, it’ll all make sense once we work our way further through this scene, though.
) (somewhere in the middle of this meta, where I discuss the barking dog in the night).
Frankly, they look like they’re about to eat each other up.
This is how art history treats the god Hermes frequently, anyway.
This screencap is from TBB (‘Sherlock’). In the aforementioned ‘Sherlock’ sculpture meta (
Well, because it is. Their. Topic. Of. Conversation.
That’s why during the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene we get particularly urgent reminders of the girl being on that plane and the fact that this absolutely HAS TO BE solved if they want to save the girl (aka Sherlock).
[...] The bust [...] in Magnussen’s mind palace, the bust that’s sitting right next to the doll head,
And then we’re specifically told by Sherlock (=the show) that this is (now) “John and Mary’s baby” (=John and Mary’s relationship) that we’re looking at.
Anyway...the real tan is the visible trace (that Sherlock immediately saw!) of love. Real love. (The same love that wounded John in the metaphorical shoulder, ie, his heart.) That sun tan (=love) was real.
The flag, the freaking, huge Georgian flag!!!=Red Cross, aka, hospital setting
The show goes out of its way to spell that out for us; it’s repeated several times: John’s ‘baby’ (John’s future relationship) CANNOT be named Sherlock for the one and only reason that that is a boy’s name (=because Sherlock is man). It HAS to be a girl’s name (=a relationship with a woman).
‘The Dancer’ was specifically called ‘Erato – The Muse of the Dance of Love’ by its creator.
The guy on the right is Zacharias, the father of John the Baptist. And who is the father of John to us? Yes, of course, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. He’s the
(More under the cut...)
And those newspapers are just the icing on the cake. It doesn’t even matter if that HLV scene with Janine is real or not (it probably isn’t). In reality, some nurse could have put a newspaper on a comatose Sherlock’s abdomen. Or maybe John got so bored after months of watching Sherlock in his coma that he’s now solving crossword puzzles on Sherlock’s tummy.;)
We get this beautiful visual of them literally sitting at the head (!) of a long, narrow table (operating table? hospital bed?)...in any case, those two, the ambassador and her male colleague, could be two voices arguing inside Sherlock’s head:
Somebody was metaphorically ‘murdered’ by somebody, right?...Are you with me so far?
Because right now Sherlock is trapped between his work (labour) and the puzzle that is his past (the question why his head became so detached from his body.)
Both can be seen in the same Mycroft-on-the-treadmill scene as the giant peacock painting we discussed last time (see here:
All of these ‘heterosexual’ changes (Alex’s new clothes and his fake tan=John’s heterosexual choice) that are supposed to distract you from John’s more wild and more natural side (his nails and the hairs growing in his ears=John’s homosexual side)...all of these changes didn’t just happen spontaneously on their own.
Anyway, what do we know about the ‘blind’ banker?
art nerd knows this is the epitome of male beauty. This is the gayest statue of all statues.:) It’s the head of the most beautiful man in the world: the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ (
I take the placement of the target as confirmation that we’re once again dealing with metaphorical ‘murder’ here, not actual murder.
will appreciate the fact that we have even more girls’ heads with braids now.:) Just check out the intricate way the girl’s hair is braided:
The fact that the weather in the picture is not entirely clear and that Sherlock himself has to carry a torch (flashlight) right in front of it, is a nice touch: He can’t see clearly yet and has to shed light on the whole affair unfurling in front of his eyes.
It could very well be a book from the 19th century.
So, once Mofftiss established the changing meaning of the ‘baby’ metaphor by introducing us to the naming controversy in HLV, things got really, really good very quickly. They escalated in a pleasant and hilarious way, one could say.
They are talking about Soo-Lin and Andy’s interest in her. But, as cleverer people than I have pointed out time and again, Soo-Lin is a mirror for Sherlock.
Like a steak in a frying pan (or Lawrence on his grate:P), Sherlock was only half done so far. Not fully done, not perfect, not whole. From now on, we will get to see the other side of Sherlock because the writers will turn him over for us now.
In other words, this aspect represents Sherlock the way we met him in ASiP (ostensibly devoid of any emotion, scared of showing his feelings, pretending to be an automaton). And we see that confirmed in the dialogue: This man in the screenshot above argues that one shouldn’t irritate the ‘terrorists’, that these ‘terrorists’ are dangerous. All the terrorists have been metaphors for feelings for quite a while now, haven’t they?
I mean, Lestrade might imply here that both ‘babies’, ie, relationships (the one John has with Mary and the one he had with Sherlock) are the same. But obviously that’s not true, and we will see that in a minute.
I only spotted it when I was reading
And since I’m almost certain that John Watson will be the one to wake Sherlock up in s5 (or to be involved in his waking up somehow), this will also mean that this new awakening of THE ‘Sherlock Holmes character’ will happen through love, through gay love, to be precise!
There’s also another reading of the metaphorical ‘laser surgery’, though. And this one hurts even more. (Are you ready?)
), Sherlock is seeking shelter behind this sign. The sign shields him from Zhi-Zhu’s bullets as he runs through the museum; the sign is there so he doesn’t get harmed in any way. This sign that reads, ‘Who are we?’ protects him. It is important!
Here, have another screenshot of Mary keeping the ‘dog’ (homosexuality) on a very, very short leash, while the ‘dog’ (homosexuality) is sniffing out the chemistry
We have already talked about the ‘war/battlefield’ as a metaphor for John’s homosexual side. Now, in the tan, we get a metaphorical confirmation that something happened while John was ‘on the battlefield/at war’. Whether it was a full-blown affair with James or just feelings that were never consummated doesn’t matter. What matters is: It left a trace on John. A sun tan. A real (!) tan.
They talk about Soo-Lin, but the show means Sherlock. That’s why the sculpture is there.
And Mycroft (=the author) smiles with the enthusiasm of somebody who’s licking the underside of their own shoe sole and says, “Looks very...fully functioning.”
As Sherlock runs through the darkened museum, he passes a large sculpture in the entrance hall:
But first of all, let’s remember how they foreshadowed EMP right at the very start of the show in ASiP in that very first scene that establishes Sherlock as a character for us:
. (Suffice it to say that the discrepancies between his facial features and the ones of known accurate depictions of Antinous are just too numerous to ignore.)
And thankfully she does...not without reminding John that he has to look after the ‘baby’, ie, John is apparently expected to look after their relationship even after (!) she’s gone. She really expects him to remain a widower who’ll always be in love with her. Wow.
) that I read that whole patience grenade scene as a sex scene or rather as a pre-sex scene, what with its whole pondering of the question of whether the walls are too thin.;)
), you could argue that Mondrian’s iconic paintings are all about abstraction and that Sherlock is thus visually
(In the wake of s4, some people speculated that this might be about John being shot and that Evans is therefore a John!mirror because, in their opinion, John was shot, too.)
And this entire statement is just subtly underlined by the same sculpture that had already been used in the episode TBB of ‘Sherlock’ to symbolically represent Sherlock: the ‘Apollo Belvedere’.
that can be found in hospitals, ambulances and medical facilites!
Take a look at Cleopatra’s leg:
This chapter is a remix of an old meta of mine (originally posted on my tumblr blog, sagestreet, on: 2 March 2017) and two comments I wrote later (on 24 April 2017 and 1 November 2017) when I had finally worked out what the two sculptures actually mean.
But when Mary is out of the picture and John is all alone with the ‘baby’ (=his potential future relationship), he starts to play with the idea of homosexuality.
’ tag. (The tag is complete, the meta master page isn’t.)
, there’s a “Monstera” (I encircled it in blue in the screencap above).
(See the end of the chapter for
All screencaps were taken from
Find out more about what this picture could mean in the context of this show and what other TV show recently used its twin painting...
Light sources are associated with John (and his mirrors) on this show: John is the sun, the stars, THE CONDUCTOR OF LIGHT. He is the one who warms Sherlock with his love (symbolically his ‘light’).
There was a cage to symbolically lock something in, but the window is broken now, so the ‘bird’ has escaped. Let’s not even go into who’s caging his feelings in and has let something slip out because seriously, I’m getting a headache from all this symbolism...The scene progresses from here like this: cage/broken window > dagger with Moriarty’s note > St. Lawrence painting (see above) > Reichenbach painting in Mycroft’s room.
In my sculpture meta (
Sherlock is telling himself here, “Oh, I love John, all right. But it’s not for his intellectual accomplishments. The man might by ‘pretty damn smart’ in general. But it’s not his brains that I found attractive about him. After all, he can be a bit intellectually ‘shortsighted’ about...STUFF sometimes.”
The author himself tells us what to think of John and Mary’s ‘baby’ (=relationship) here:
1) Saly’s bust is often interpreted as one of those quintessential symbols of the Enlightenment: a symbol of introspection, of this act of looking inside yourself and becoming aware of who you really are (!). (Because who you really are does matter on this show, no matter what Mary told us in s4. They even put a sign that reads ‘WHO ARE WE’ behind Sherlock in TBB, as I pointed out
And this time it’s the Doctor who’s mirroring the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ bust as he’s shown to us in profile, facing the same direction.
As I said above...
Reluctantly they then trot off...and what do we get here:
And what did Sherlock say at the end of TSoT?
He has to fall.
At the end of the episode, John turns up at the waterfall with his
First of all, let me quickly mention that Lawrence’s face looks a bit like Sherlock’s (if you squint). Even their expressions at that particular moment (!) in the episode are similar:
Granted John will still (sometimes) have to pick up after Sherlock’s messes and be confronted with something smelly because that’s who Sherlock is.:D (They’re not suddenly different people, after all.)
. So, don’t tell me that who we are doesn’t matter.)
Organised religion (no matter how many priests and pastors might privately, secretly enjoy to put the “Aaaah...Men!” in ‘Amen’) does publicly frown on same-sex relationships.
This relationship comes at the wrong moment; it interrupts John and Sherlock who were spending quality time together. Then it’s born, totally rushed and in the wrong way, on the side of the road, like bloodied road kill. Nice. Really nice.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just like the Doctor, in fact, whose 12th incarnation, as we know, is nearing its end!
It’s likely that Sherlock doesn’t mean that John is totally dumb in general. After all, John is ‘pretty damn smart’ (TAB) according to Sherlock. But John isn’t perceptive (=is ‘shortsighted’) specifically when it comes to Sherlock! When it comes to Sherlock’s feelings for him. John has no freaking idea how much he means to Sherlock. He doesn’t ‘get it’.
So, if we needed any more proof that Sherlock’s dancing is inextricably linked with his emotions, with his love life, with what he really yearns for, there it is!
Why were the descriptions of these three men so very specific down to the tiniest details (the fake tan, for example)?
But he’s a stitched-together, monstrous version of Sherlock. One that doesn’t know what’s real, what’s original about him anymore. It’s possible that nothing is left of the original man. Everything has been stitched-on and replaced at some point. What a really nice meta joke about what became of the iconic Sherlock Holmes character as he wandered from one adaptation to the next. There’s nothing real left about the numerous Sherlock Holmeses we have seen over the decades.
And, at the wedding, it was Sherlock who only understood what had happened to him when it was already too late (‘delayed action stabbing’ that he couldn’t solve before John’s wedding).
One more?
Remember that bust in TST?
How do we know the Doctor is a Sherlock!mirror here, too?
wedding plan, continuing to make witty, razor-sharp quips despite all the pain he was obviously in, determined to put up a brave front.
Coma!Sherlock is the 200 adaptations. Because these adaptations took away his reason to live (his gay identity, ie, his love for John).
In any case, I lack the energy to sift through literally hundreds of still life pictures by Edward Ladell until I somehow magically pick the right candidate. And, on the show, it’s too blurry to really make out which one EXACTLY Mycroft has hanging in his exercise room, anyway.
I’m sure I’m telling you nothing new when I say that the dead body in this ASiP scene represents the Sherlock Holmes character that we’ve known for more than a 120 years.
What’s relevant to our John&Sherlock-context here is what actually happened during this banquet.
I assume that, since Sherlock has uploaded a photo of the ‘baby’ onto his phone (=heart), the ‘baby’, at first, represents his and John’s relationship...until the phone changes hands and ends up in Mycroft’s palm. That’s when the ‘baby’s’ meaning changes; that’s when the metaphorical ‘switch’ is being turned.
But what’s interesting about the original painting is that it is a pretty late self-portrait, a painting which Rembrandt created when he was already nearing the end of his life.
Okay, it appears that I got a few of the ambassador’s lines mixed up when I was writing the above meta earlier. (I was at work and couldn’t watch the episode itself there, so I got mixed up with who said what.) But I think I’m still basically right about what’s going on:
So, definitely Sherlock then, yeah?
, will actually shield Sherlock from the bullets a few scenes later.)
(Just to give you an example...)
answer. A question that matters!
So maybe pride is what the painting is all about.
The peach is so prominent it’s literally glowing.
Poor bloke. No wonder he left that wedding early.
wrote about Sherlock’s journey from ‘great man’ to ‘good man’
And then, there’s of course the banana that Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) wants to eat:
Well, I took a look at that owl and nearly fell out of my chair.
Because you love the very essence of them. You love his His-ness or her Her-ness. You love the person they are deep down. And there’s no logical argument in the pro or con column that you could check to precisely define, “Ah, THAT’s what it is. THAT’s the thing that I love about them.”
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 20 January 2018
To give you an idea of what this might look like, I have picked an example that has both the ledge and the large vase of flowers that rests upon it.
Okay, there’s a lot more to be said about this episode of ‘Doctor Who’. But I’m really tired right now and can’t type anymore. I get tired more quickly since the surgery.
What’s framed visually on a character’s head, is what this character is thinking about. That’s what’s ON his mind, so to speak.
Why do I think the shortsightedness is meant to be read as a metaphor for John not always being on intellectually sparkling form?
And look...What have we got here in TBB (‘Sherlock’)?
As Sherlock hurries along this darkened corridor, following the ‘ghost’, and is about to discover Sir Carmichael’s body, we get a (slightly less blurry and less dark than usual) shot of this painting
when I analysed the two lion sculptures in TBB).
The baby is a ‘switch metaphor’.
I hesitate to type out the third possible explanation for the ‘flip’. Because this one is a real head-scratcher, and I really don’t know if I want it to be true. (First and foremost because I can’t imagine Sherlock actually jumping off the roof in TRF and surviving. Much less surviving in a way that would make it possible for him to make a full recovery once he wakes up.) So, I don’t know that I like this interpretation. But I’m mentioning it for completeness sake.
So, is the flipped ‘Garrideb’ scenario that we’re in right now the one in which Sherlock jumped at the end of s2 and has been in a coma ever since? Does this mean Sherlock will somehow miraculously survive a 7-storey-fall? Is nothing about s3 real? Was Mary’s relationship with John never real?
The other question on that sign is fascinating too: ‘Where do we come from?’ So where does Sherlock come from? At that precise moment and in general...
This chapter was originally a comment below another meta. It was posted on my blog (sagestreet) on: 10 October 2017
So, what we have is:
She tells Sherlock that Sherlock ALREADY loves all aspects of John. That Sherlock’s entire attempt to rationally figure out what precisely it is that he loves about John is misguided because he loves all of John, all of it. The whole package. Eurus really is Sherlock’s Jungian ‘Shadow’ because she’s more than just some sinister dark part. As I tried to explain in my Jungian meta, your ‘Shadow’ is incredibly important. It helps you to creatively puzzle stuff out about yourself.
Despite the blurriness of the painting, you can easily make that peach out from afar even in the screencap, yes, and even on the TV screen when you watch the show:
1) Cleopatra, a woman, who dresses up as the Goddess of Love. (Remember what I said about Sherlock being Cleopatra and John being Mark Antony?)
Oh, à propos properly coming out: Look at how Gatiss describes the beginning of John and Mary’s relationship (birth of the ‘baby’).
First of all, let me mention that I’m pretty sure
Let’s tell ourselves once again HOW MUCH John and Mary love each other.:D
that represented John?
Now, before you start crying...tuck your tissues away for a moment. Because obviously that is not going to be the final verdict. (Fictional heroes always have to overcome obstacles, right?) John and Sherlock
Obviously that’s going to change. And soon!
I’m calling it: Throughout the entire show, we have never seen Sherlock so happy and so relaxed as he is the moment he holds that ‘baby’ (relationship) in his arms.
He is completely shielded from harm, even though he is not locked away and is out in the open (like his heart). He is shielded by a massive sculpture that represents John. And this John is huge, made of metal, literally indestructible and absolutely safe; it’s a shield that can protect Sherlock as a whole – even when Sherlock’s completely out in the open and doesn’t have his heart locked away.
And don’t even get me started on the fact that the subtext is represented by a Venus statue here – by a statue of the Goddess of Love.
But this bronze in the National Museum Cardiff (where TBB was filmed) is not the original; it’s a replica.
Addendum: [I would like to add that after I had posted this meta back in 2019, there was a very fruitful discussion on tumblr covering the, ahem, peaCOCKs. In this discussion tumblr user @lovestoriesandfairytales pointed out that the suit of armour in this scene is actually covering (hiding!) its genital area with its hands, which is usually not done when displaying a suit of armour. Also, @thepersianslipper pointed out that Mycroft (=a metaphor for Sherlock's brain) is running away (!) from the peaCOCK painting, but since it's a treadmill he's not exactly successful at getting away from it. These two brilliant observations were just too good to not include them here.]
...whatever it is you are...
This short comment was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 2 March 2019
This mini meta was posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 15 September 2020
The first scene I’m going to mention is the tarmac scene in HLV. Not because I’m a masochist – simply because it has a pretty straightforward, easy-to-understand use of the ‘baby’ metaphor:
All my Sherlock meta can be found:
And then, there’s also a part in the Hebrew Bible. In the ‘Song of Songs’. Yep, that biblical erotic love poem.:) Where the groom tells his beloved bride that she has ravished/wounded his heart with ‘one eye’. The bride BTW is referred to as a ‘sister’, with the words ‘sister’ and ‘spouse’ being used for the same person and entwined like this: ‘sister-spouse’. (So, John really is Eurus in TFP, right?)
If this bust is there to tell us something about Sherlock, the story gets more complicated, but I have to admit that I prefer this idea:
But Sherlock doesn’t know any of that. Yet.
As I said in my Jung meta, the ‘Shadow’ is both the dark side of a person, but also the seat of creativity! It’s the part that puzzles stuff out for you and tells you surprising stuff you’re not aware of. Things you don’t know consciously, but which your unconscious is working out for you.
Gosh, my head hurts. They’re fucking me up with this. Please guys tell me I’m not seeing things. (Maybe I just need to go to bed. I haven’t had more than 4-5 hours of sleep a night in two weeks.)
But you can read it all differently if you want.
If you don’t think we will eventually get a reveal that Sherlock has been inside his EMP all along, fine, you don’t have to. This doesn’t change the metaphorical reading of this whole scene one bit.
Remember what I wrote about the ‘baby’ metaphor’ (
So, remember: The ‘baby’ is a metaphor for someone’s (future, potential) relationship.
This is intentional as hell, seeing as this show is being written at a particular time in British history. The church scene (it’s a Christian church because obviously with John Watson it wouldn’t be another religion) stands for all organised religions, who give their blessing exclusively to heterosexual relationships, yet deny it to homosexual couples. Don’t believe me? Look up who opposed the marriage equality act in England: the Catholic Church urged its followers to sign a petition against it; the C of E criticized it (albeit in a more we-raise-our-eyebrows-in-utter-concern type of way); ditto for the Rabbinical Council, and the Muslim Council launched a campaign against it.
It’s one of the many self-portraits by Rembrandt: the famous self-portrait with the two circles:
This is a very important realisation for someone like Sherlock who (at least so far) has been depicted as emotionally immature.
Chances are that John, on the other hand, has known that he’s in love with Sherlock for a much, much longer time, so he wouldn’t need to parse out this incredible, this irritatingly irrational thing called love in the same way that Sherlock does.
You know what a peach looks like, right? You know that this is not exactly an original or novel dirty joke among dirty jokes.
And don’t forget: He solves all of that while being confronted with a girl on a plane that is about to crash (=himself in a coma, dying). Solving this puzzle of his own love for John is of paramount importance if the girl on the plane is supposed to survive (=if he is supposed to survive his coma).
Yep, this is most definitely NOT a woman!
Of course, he adds something to that sentence to make sure we understand it’s all humans he’s talking about. But for a split second, the subtext there tells us that Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) has never been good with ‘babies’ (=relationships).
Love doesn’t work like that!
For now, however, John’s potential future relationship (the baby) is still under threat.
But I have poo-pooed John and Mary’s relationship enough now.
) – this whole scene makes the contrast very clear:
Teehee. Subtle this is not, Mofftiss!
In a nice pun, she references the word ‘pall’ (”chess palls”) – a shroud that Sherlock is symbolically lying on while this is going on.
So, in conclusion: What is it that we have in TST? A sculpture of Antinous or one of Hermes?
Yeah, you can probably see why I spewed out that tea and woke up the entire house.:)
Let’s take a look at the other tapestry, the one on the right hand side:
Keep in mind that most of the other paintings in this episode aren’t shown in full. And there would actually be lots of beautiful paintings at Tyntesfield worthy of the camera’s attention (a couple of charming landscapes by Wilson or Moucheron, for example.) Yet none of them seemed to be very important to the makers of ‘Sherlock’.
That’s what EMP is.
This is a bit of a trick question because throughout his pondering and wondering Sherlock comes to the conclusion that you cannot peel off the parts that you like about your beloved from the parts that you don’t like.
The ambassador believes that this is still all about getting them (Sherlock) out.
Now, in the restaurant scene we see the same metaphor play out again. Only this time it’s all about Sherlock.
has been so kind as to take pictures of the menu prop that was apparently used for the wedding scenes in TSOT. Thank you,
It’s very likely that John’s ‘shortsightedness’ that Sherlock diagnoses here is really about John being ‘shortsighted’ about Sherlock’s feelings and, yes, Sherlock’s sexual desire for John. John doesn’t get that Sherlock is sexually attracted to him. John doesn’t see that thing that’s right in front of his eyes: that Sherlock’s not an asexual being, that Sherlock wants him. Yes, sexually.
Moriarty is the ‘devil’. The ‘devil’ metaphorically ‘created’ this ‘baby’ (=this relationship). The subtext couldn’t be any clearer.
sorry, gun, and uses it to save Sherlock. What Sherlock had thought was tied to tragedy and pain, actually brought about salvation and ultimately joy and happiness. (That jump into the waterfall is probably THE gayest thing I’ve ever seen, and I have to look at myself in the mirror every morning.)
Then, just as she mentions AMO (love), AGRA come crashing through the ceiling.
So far, so funny...
The table=a hospital bed
He tells us that, no, this man couldn’t have been the one who killed Evans. In other words, no, Sherlock did not fall for the John who had these types of problems. At least, those problems (the drinking and the shaking hand) weren’t the aspect that Sherlock fell in love with.
Well, in order to understand this, we have to keep in mind that the War Office has been defunct for decades.
I take it all back. Here comes the gayest sculpture in the world...
Anyway, this would give the above scene a nice little twist:
The glorious I-know-exactly-what-painting-this-is moment happened as I looked at this specific painting in this scene in s3ep2 (TSOT):
What we’re seeing is most likely not real.
‘Sherlock’ is such a visual show. It always gives us visual clues as to what is going on...
Personally, I would really like it to be some kind of flower still life, though.
And we all know that Bosch’s paintings are basically dream(!)scapes. They are nightmares. They are nightmarish visions of hell and demons and God only knows what. They were the horror (!) stories of their time. His paintings are pretty much what s4 is like, aren’t they?
After Sherlock (unsuccessfully) tries to tell John, in the tarmac scene, that he wants John’s future relationship to bear his (Sherlock’s!) name (see above), we head off into s4, and get quite interesting insights into John and Sherlock’s relationship just by looking at their interaction with the ‘baby’ or any mentions of the ‘baby’ that happen around John and Sherlock.
This means that this ASiP scene can read like this:
(He really is, down to the ‘One more miracle’ theme, ie, the resurrection.)
What’s more, Soo-Lin dies in a locked room.
note on the corpse.
Or do you think a TV show would never, ever, ever do that, use the picture of a peacock as a metaphor for male genitalia?
There, too, Sherlock was (subtextually) telling us that before John had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) with Mary, he had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) in Sherlock. But in TSoT, Sherlock literally said that John wouldn’t need him (Sherlock) around anymore, now that he had a real ‘baby’ (=a real relationship) on the way.
But I think I don’t even have to go looking for my copy of ‘Traumdeutung’ and copy-paste any quotes from it, in order to convince you that, well, you know, sometimes a gun is exactly what you think it is because...a dagger ‘penetrates’ the body and a gun ‘ejaculates’ bullets.
And to make sure we really get it, Mofftiss then showed us this here scene:
Fair enough...Vastra and Jenny are of the Sapphic persuasion.:) So, maybe the two Venus statues there just mean that the sight of beautiful half-naked women is something the occupants of this household enjoy.
Don’t forget that in the original canon ACD!books, the story is told from John’s point of view. He is the narrator. Having him lose an eye, literally means having him change perspective on something. It means, we, as an audience, get a different point of view...
Note, by the way, how the camera in this scene slowly pans over this painting BEFORE it pans over to Mycroft on the treadmill.
If whoever told Gatiss to use Vermeer (probably a set designer) knows his stuff, he will probably know that, too.
Despite its commonly used, art-historical name, this sculpture
If you revolve around an actual ‘sun’ (=if you’re really in love), you don’t need a fake tan. You get the real deal when the ‘sun’ kisses your body. You only need a fake tan when you try to pretend in front of the world that you were touched by the ‘sun’, but you really, really weren’t.
THAT is the episode in which they’ve parked two giant ‘Venus pudica’ type statues in Jenny and Vastra’s living room.
Well, yeeeeah....EXCEPT...those aren’t the only sculptures in that drawing room.
Jesus. Don’t forget that this is John the Baptist who literally baptized Jesus, in the same way that our John metaphorically baptized Sherlock and brought him to life for the public in his Strand stories/on his blog.
Oh, and by the way: Nicely placed, those two statues on ‘Doctor Who’. Note the shot composition here, with the two sculptures positioned behind Vastra and Jenny, respectively:
' theory about the gay affair of Sherlock's dad.]
All the busts shown so far represent Sherlock in some way.
And obviously we don’t know yet if that is all going to stay in the subtext or if something is, indeed, going to happen to either John’s or Sherlock’s eye textually. If something really happens that blinds either of them, that would not take away from the metaphorical message at all. After all, everything that happens on this show is a metaphor. So, the metaphorical reading could remain exactly the same.
And ‘Doctor Who’ tells us what HAS to happen to a Sherlock like this. He has to die.
I have written about this before (
But, as I said, bravo! Well done, John! You’re already toying with the idea. You’re showing your bisexuality-flower to your ‘baby’ (love life). That’s good. Very good.
) of the same meta series).
Keep in mind that Antinous was deified by Hadrian. So, what we have here is quite literally a GAY GOD standing right between Sherlock and John. I had written about this sculpture in one of my first metas in the ‘Sherlock’ fandom a few years ago here:
Evans in TFP.
every time they come up.
All screencaps were taken from
I had written about this previously here:
Sherlock is remembering the stag night and probably regretting the fact that nothing happened between him and John when the two of them were drunk and uninhibited enough...so that something could have potentially happened.
And then...busts are basically heads!
But then...oh, then...at the end of TLD, the baby is cautiously mentioned again shortly before John and Sherlock hug:
And Nathan with his glasses who sometimes just doesn’t see things even when they are right in front of his eyes (=shortsightedness) is John’s brain. That’s all about how John doesn’t ‘get’ Sherlock. (Not yet...anyway...:))
And now, think again what the painting of a gigantic peaCOCK could mean...
It’s only with his new-found knowledge from the ‘Garrideb’ task (=love your beloved the way they are, love all of them, the whole package; you have to take them the way they are) that Sherlock manages to solve the next task. The task that will be about admitting his love and saying, “I love you.”
As I said, the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ is basically Sherlock.
And you know how bad a place Sherlock must have been in when Sherlock replies that he had completely forgotten about the ‘baby’. Oh, Sherlock! That pain must have been really bad. (Good thing they hug that out.)
The five tasks Eurus (Sherlock’s inner personality) gives Sherlock to solve reflect the five series.
AND Hermes:
. And the fact that ‘Devil’s Foot’ is ultimately a story about defending your one true love and literally doing something that society thinks is immoral for that very purpose is interesting, too. Especially if you consider Holmes’ reaction in ‘Devil’s Foot’.)
Today, girls and boys, we’re gonna talk about an instance of outcome No. 4 that happened to me recently when I re-watched a scene of the TV show ‘Sherlock’.
Soo-Lin’s story tells us everything about Sherlock, exposes him to us, and yet it’s all still modestly hidden away.
Note how, in this shot, the placement of the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ behind Clara underlines the parallel between them:
So, the second task (aka the ‘Dangling Garrideb’ task) should correspond to the second series of BBC ‘Sherlock’, right?
Once Mycroft is done with the phone, he hands it back to Sherlock. I assume that THAT is the point where the ‘baby’ changes its meaning again and switches back to John-and-Sherlock’s-relationship because Sherlock takes that phone (with the baby photo on it) and puts it back into his left (!) inside pocket. Sherlock is guarding that love he feels for John; he’s keeping it in his heart.
and others, but there’s just SO MUCH BRILLIANCE in this fandom that it’s perfectly possible I missed someone writing about this painting earlier...)
John’s homosexual side manifests in a very specific way. Not only is it breaking through any ‘civilsed’ attempt at grooming away mother nature.
Nice.
John’s homosexual side (while powerful and capable of breaking through a straight façade) ISN’T HEARING VERY WELL.
narrator who brought ‘John the narrator’ to life. And in the painting he even looks a bit weirded out by the kiss. So it fits.;)
Hm...Does that remind you of anyone? Remember the guy who parades around naked (covered only in a sheet) in the first half of this episode? An exotic, unattainable ‘God’ John is lusting after...
One more sculpture from TBB (aka ‘The Blind Banker, aka the episode that keeps on giving)...
Which makes sense since the subtext is definitely sexual now too: Andy is interested in Soo-Lin, and since the two of them are mirrors for John and Sherlock, you can guess what a half-naked beautiful Venus statue, enticingly showing us her shapely behind is supposed to mean.
And then Sherlock literally says that motherhood is slowing Mary down, which on the surface level is just a sexist remark, but...think about that on a subtextual level: John and Mary’s relationship is slowing Mary down (ie, a relationship with John Watson is not exactly one of Mary’s life goals). Well, we already knew she gave birth to that ‘baby’ (relationship) while she was in pain, so...
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 25 April 2017
Here’s what it looks like in the (reduced) form of a bust (as in the above screenshot):
Sherlock in a coma/unconscious/almost dead Sherlock is a Sherlock without a pulse, a Sherlock who isn’t living up to the potential of his character anymore.
Have we talked about the tapestries in the ‘Buckingham Palace’ scenes yet?
This waiter, who is probably happily, nervously awaiting the birth of his child, tells us what state of mind Sherlock is in at that moment: Sherlock is (subconsciously) expecting a relationship with John to begin any minute now.
This is a remix of a meta originally posted on my blog (sagestreet) on 29 January 2017 and a comment I wrote underneath someone else's meta on: 1 November 2017.
And since Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain) is so nicely lined up with Nathan (John’s brain aspect) here and John (Sherlock’s heart) is lined up with Howard (John’s emotional side), my guess is that it is important that Sherlock himself (Sherlock’s true self, the core of Sherlock’s own personality) is lined up with the central panel: Alex, the metaphorical ‘murderer’.
And right after that fucking pirouette and that heart-breaking sentence (”live in hope of the right case”), right after that, at John’s fucking wedding, Janine says, “I wish you weren’t whatever it is you are,” and John walks into the frame as if by accident.
Have you ever been in a relationship that was so much of a literal horror show that it didn’t let you sleep at night – and not in the good kind of way...;)
[...]
Now we're going to look at a timeline. It's a timeline of all the medical expressions uttered on the show (from HLV onwards) in chronological order of their respective utterance. And lo and behold...They delineate an ESCALATING situation.
Are there actually people who believe that John and Mary are happily in love with each other? Because this pretty much spells it out: Being married to Mary is like having somebody spit something regurgitated and half-digested over your emotions. That relationship brings bile to your throat.
His statue ‘
Let me explain.
There’s also the fact that the ambassador (the [impatient] voice inside Sherlock’s head) has a plastic cup in front of her that probably contains tea. (It’s Georgia, after all; that’s gotta be tea, folks.) And we know what ‘tea’ means, of course.
... And the other one is hanging opposite this lovely (and, as we’ve already discussed, quite erotic) modest-but-not-too-modest-knight ensemble, in other words, on the opposite wall:
Goethe was massively ahead of his time, and I think it’s a great gag that Sherlock who dreams of himself as a Victorian man in the 19th century who is ahead of his time likes an actual 19th-century man and author who was also, in turn, ahead of
I mean, they have literally taken the sculptures from the most subtext-laden episode of ‘Sherlock’ (TBB), an episode that is all about codes and ciphers, and put them in Jenny and Vastra’s love nest, a re-imagined 221b Baker Street if ever I’ve seen one.
Well, that parallel is even more in-your-face-kinda obvious than a lot of people realise.
Transcripts from
(And the watch is already ticking away eagerly next to the heart...So...)
What exactly do I love about this other person? Which aspect of them made me fall in love with them?
Ouch.
(not in the Metropolitan Museum in New York, like the other one, but in the Wallace Collection in London).
We see this sculpture in the left staircase shortly after Sherlock takes cover behind the ‘Drummer Boy’ (read: John), then gets up again and runs after the shooter.
That’s just how it is.
Actually, it is pretty much implied that Cleopatra here has just thrown some dressing gown (or whatever the ancient Egyptian equivalent of that was) over her naked form. Make no mistake: This tapestry is telling us that a more or less naked Cleopatra is sitting in Mark Antony’s lap, with one of her bare legs seductively thrown over his knee.
Apart from the ‘Aphrodite of Knidos’ mentioned above, that ‘Sherlock’ episode also showcased a second (!) Venus, a ‘Venus Anadyomene’, in those museum scenes. As a matter of fact, it was a sculpture very similar to the ‘Venus de Milo’ used on ‘Doctor Who’.
The room=Sherlock being trapped by walls, ie, trapped inside his own body (in a coma)
You can see it better in one of the scenes in the museum’s restoration room:
In s3 of BBC ‘Sherlock’ they included a particularly nice Canova sculpture, one that represents love, too. Just like a Venus. (I had previously written a meta about it here:
First stop: projectile vomiting in TST.
My guess would be that since we’re shown the Cornwall painting (mysteriously glowing in the dark) but not really shown the milkmaid picture on the right, we can assume that that was a deliberate choice, even if there were no huge symbolic connotation attached to the Cornwall picture. But somebody put up the lights in that way (not even to mention: angled the camera towards one, but not the other picture.)
When a painter wants to create a three-dimensional depiction of something, they will cover first one of their eyes and then the other to gauge the depth of three-dimensional space. They cover one eye, then the other, then they sketch in a few lines that show them how perspective is going to work in their painting. So, yeah, covering one eye changes perspective.
Sherlock keeps offering the ‘baby’ toys (=things that would made the ‘baby’ happy). And he does so with a happy smile on his face. But, so far, the relationship keeps throwing all of that back in Sherlock’s face and keeps hurting Sherlock.
So, we have an artist (in the faraway past) who canonically painted light like nobody else and who never showed the source of that light. And we have a painting on the show that does the opposite of that.
So, the steady vs. shaking hand has a metaphorical meaning like the two other injuries John has.
Often we get several (!) mirrors for one character, a mirror for each and every one of the main protagonist’s personality aspects.
(Just like the statue of the ‘Drummer Boy’,
This one!
Are you beginning to see a pattern?
------
Also, did you notice our Anadyomene-type Venus is standing right between them (red circle)? That’s right: the statue that just screams subtext is between them and can be seen above that tea pot (!) Soo-Lin is holding in her hand. They even illuminated the statue from the back as if to point out to us that the subtext is important.
Technically, this is not a post about a painting used on the set of BBC 'Sherlock', but since it's ABOUT a fascinating device or trick used by painters (applied to a cinematographic context), I thought this chapter could serve as a fitting end point for this meta collection about art.
In any case, both shots, the one in ‘Doctor Who’ and the one in ‘Sherlock’ seem to convey the same type of meaning:
) about what sculptures exactly were picked by 'Sherlock’s’ set designers for that episode (TBB) and how they represent 'Sherlock’s’ gay subtext.
, tells us that Sherlock is not an ancient fossil, but a living breathing man, and all of this happens right next to an ‘Who are we’ sign, then that question matters. It matters a lot.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now, I know what you’re thinking:
Because their relationship is gone. John can’t deal with it. John tells us directly in the text (at the beginning of TLD) that he can’t cope. John can’t deal with his relationship with Sherlock. That’s why the ‘baby’ isn’t there.
Kinda phallic!
and bumps into Sherlock in the hall, there are two paintings that are also lit ever-so-slightly:
Sherlock really is the emotional one, isn’t he? And just as much a romantic as John.
And I find it extremely hard to imagine that anyone could put an owl like that on Ella’s sideboard, without realising that it looks exactly like Bosch’s famously nightmarish creatures.
And if you don’t believe me that the “Monstera” plant in that shot is supposed to represent John’s homosexual side, here’s one other little hint. This is the fruit of the “Monstera”:
So, don’t say, “Oh, people who work on TV are much too serious for that kind of thing. They would never include dick jokes on their TV shows.”
Remember how ‘the case’ is John? Metaphorically speaking. (What with John pretty much being the small pink case that arrives in Sherlock’s life at the beginning, in ASiP, and John being the smiley on the wall that Sherlock keeps shooting because, you know, “Unsolved case: shoot the wall,” as Mrs Hudson told us in TLD.)
For now, John is in a relationship with Mary. And all that ‘baby’ (=relationship) needs is some occasional gurgling noises, John tells us. No, “I love you”s required or anything. Good.
Here’s the thing, though:
We have already seen this with the fisherman and his mother in THoB who, as I proposed here (
Since Mary is nowhere to be seen, the ‘baby’ here is associated only with John. This ‘baby’ is John’s (and only John’s) love life, and John is showing that ‘flower’ to his love life as if to ask, ‘So, what would you think of that idea?’
Granted this still doesn’t explain the other light blotch at the very top of the book cover. It could be the badge of the Northumberland Fusiliers, though, or the famous R.A.M.C. badge with the snake or something.*shrugs* I really don’t know. It’s all just an idea, anyway. But please humour me for a moment, okay?
And as we will see in a minute, Sherlock will not only solve this case...Once he solves it, he will then proceed to throw out his own answer and realise that the whole question was ridiculous to begin with.
I hope I managed to make s4 a bit easier to bear for some of you and more lighthearted and funny for those who already love s4. All in all, I hope I gave you back some optimism when it comes to your (our) expectations for s5.
Once we reach the end of the episode, everything seems hopeless, though.
It’s quite cheeky and self confident. But that’s how Mofftiss are, after all.
Yeah.:) This is our Sherlock at his haughtiest. He’s a bit of an arse even where it comes to the love of his life.
(Sculptures of the ‘Venus pudica’ type are, by definition, half hidden and yet also naked and bare, for everyone to see.)
But yes, Goethe, with his views on Winckelmann’s sexuality and male-male attraction in general, was definitely ahead of his time and would have still been ahead of his time some 100 or even 150 years later.
in situ
Just you wait, Sherlock. It might turn out that you’re not as refined when it comes to your homosexuality as you think. Your body might turn out to be just as animalistic and unstoppable as John’s. Just you wait.:)
In other words, Soo-Lin (Sherlock’s mirror) dies when Zhi-Zhu shoots her. Sherlock, on the other hand, is shielded by a huge representation of John when Zhi-Zhu takes aim at him.
It kind of is him, but it also really, really isn’t!
Isn’t that one brilliant lesson that Sherlock has learned here? He’s really becoming an adult here.
And I can’t not notice the fact that the neo-Gothic fireplace between those two paintings has something of an altarpiece to it, either.
[As for]
Okay! So, back to John and Mary’s ‘baby’ (=relationship).
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 17 September 2017
So, this whole, ‘Who-you-are-doesn’t-really-matter’ nonsense from TFP has to be fake, right?
As I said, this is all just speculation. But I’m reasonably sure about the Royal Coat of Arms on the cover of that book. (As sure as one can be, with something so blurry, anyway.) So...military handbook of some kind seems to be the logical conclusion. And the fact that the book is battered seems to suggest that it’s an old one. (Especially since modern medical manuals would probably be designed differently: with images on the cover and a more modern lay-out. The coat of arms just seems to point to an old book.)
In one of them, Soo-Lin (Sherlock’s mirror) is dying because John has left her.
This canonical, to be precise:
Do you see what I mean?
Well...
Really, really certain that THIS is what made him fall in love with John. Not the emotional wreck (Howard). Not the intellectually ‘shortsighted’ man (Nathan) who doesn’t ‘see’ what Sherlock wants. No, it’s the one in the middle: Alex. The aspect at the centre of John’s John-ness. That’s the one! This one is metaphorically ‘guilty’. He deserves to be thrown into the ocean (=wild waters...aka feelings).
Where does Sherlock literally come from when he takes shelter behind that ‘Who are we’ sign?
The word ‘or’ means John can choose between two options, right? John’s two options are obviously: Mary or Sherlock.
On a more somber note, this also makes the bust extra-extra creepy. That thing has microphones attached to it. Sherlock is being watched. Permanently. As he dances.
And THIS John, this John who doesn’t ‘see it’ isn’t the one Sherlock fell in love with. Or so Sherlock tells himself here. This one didn’t ‘kill’ Evans (=Sherlock).
Presumably the show is ‘cutting off heads’ like this to show us what has happened to the iconic character of Sherlock Holmes over the past century: Sherlock has become (or rather has been forced to become) a head without a body, a mind without physical urges, a brain without sexual/romantic desires.
Yes, Goethe was definitely ahead of his time.
This short meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 12 August 2017
Is this ‘Dangling Garrideb’ scene the second task because we’re still at the end of s2? At the point where Sherlock pretty much attempted to commit suicide? Where he was forced to commit suicide by Moriarty (=homophobia), to be more precise?
In Sherlock’s case the sculpture isn’t covered by a cloth anymore. Soo-Lin has already removed the cloth for him. The sculpture is now fully exposed. And yet it’s still covered...covered in yellow graffiti.
Because the Half-Faced Man isn’t the only Sherlock!mirror in those scenes!
What’s particularly interesting is the little Cupid on the right hand side of the tapestry, who’s depicted with his bow and arrow in hand. On the show, this little Cupid appears right above John’s head (!):
Do you see a difference? ‘Cause I don’t.:)
But, hey, since Sherlock is trying so hard to determine what about John metaphorically ‘killed’ him, and since it’s clearly important to him, why don’t we listen to Sherlock’s thoughts on this some more.
Do you want further proof? Well, do you know what a “Calla lily” actually looks like? I shall be a gentleman and refrain from posting pictures of the female organ in question here. Instead I will just leave you with this lovely painting by Georgia O’Keeffe and whistle innocently to myself:
And this is where Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) is desperately trying to be ascetic, ie, pull himself (itself) together and get himself (itself) under control.
He is literally running from a severed head and towards ‘Labour’...
Sherlock specifically mentions martyrdom in TAB when he says about Emilia Ricoletti, “Every great cause has martyrs.” It’s not just her that he means... It’s just that Sherlock’s motives aren’t religious or political. His motives are all invariably centered around John and John’s well-being. (Well, he did literally restart his heart for John in series 3, after all.)
Now, if that doesn’t make your heart clench for Sherlock who, in a minute, will find out that John is about to propose to his girlfriend, I don’t know what will.
Because love’s no logical thing.
Anyway, it’s nice to know that the lions are flanking them both: John loves and protects both aspects of Sherlock, the frightened one and the emotional, [impatient, essentially more] optimistic one at the same time.
Let’s recapitulate: The Victorians tried to hide the lush eroticism they deemed too shocking and offensive to their eyes. Time, however, let this erotic detail appear again because you can’t hide stuff like this forever. It’s impossible to purge ‘forbidden’ details. In the end, the truth will out.
Clearly all of these other paintings were just part of the scenery, there to set the mood, but otherwise insignificant.
The dismembered country squire in TAB is probably a Sherlock mirror (seeing as ACD!Holmes is descended from country squires). And remember how his legs (ie, his lower body half, ie, his *cough* needs and urges!) are still missing. [...]
In other words, the gridiron points in two (!) different directions: Heaven for some. Hell for others. (The fact that the painting above reminds us a bit of Moriarty is just a nice little detail in this context, for Moriarty will definitely fall into the second category – just like the Roman Emperor all those years ago.)
The chap is usually very easy to recognise by the soft curve of his cheeks.
But if you read this metaphorically, wohoo boy...
The point Mofftiss are trying to make is that at the beginning of the show, Sherlock (read: BBC Sherlock, the show) was trying to get a reaction out of a dead body (read: the Sherlock Holmes character).
Ergo, this Piet-Mondrian-ante-room is a cloakroom, a type of walk-in wardrobe...or in other words: A CLOSET!
Yes, I’m not kidding you.
Nice placement right between Sherlock and his character mirror Soo-Lin. Right above her hand with the tea pot (!)...just in case we didn’t get the whole “Venus + tea (gay love)” subtext...Haha!
So, having established why 'Sherlock in a coma' would make sense metaphorically, let's now look at some of the more concrete evidence for this scenario.
The ambassador [is] not as easy to recognise as a Sherlock!mirror, but I suppose she’s got the eyes and the cheekbones for the job:)
Alex is the culprit in our story here. He’s the one who metaphorically ‘killed’
It’s ingenious.
These guys know their art history very well. They know what they’re doing.
Uh-oh, looks like the three of them are feeling rather trapped by the whole situation (love triangle) they have found themselves in. These sure look like prison bars over their bodies:
So, if we interpret this painting as a representation of the Doctor himself, doesn’t that technically mean that the two circles represent two worlds for him, too?
I cannot, for the life of me, imagine a film team trudging up and down those stairs, NOT noticing that painting. The traditional story of how Lawrence died is very well known. Even people with just a passing interest in art know this. It’s told by tour guides in museums, churches and cathedrals, and is among those favourite little horror stories relayed to tourists whenever there’s a Lawrence picture or sculpture to be seen. I can’t imagine a film maker NOT looking at this, realising who’s in the painting and, at least, thinking, “Hey, what a brilliant fit for Sherlock (and Moriarty). We could do something with this.”
Because, you know, how else would we know what all the sculptures meant if they weren’t coming with a handy tea pot right next to them and all. Duh!
Sherlock (inside the room, ie, in his own mind) is looking at the three aspects of John, examining them.
So, seeing as these sculptures play such an important role for the gay subtext of the show ‘Sherlock’,
John says that the ‘baby’ (=their relationship) is “
This whole episode is a turning point for Sherlock as a character.
(originally found in the Villa Adriana at Tivoli)
And there’s something slightly Moriarty-ish about Lawrence’s face if you look closely:
Heterosexuality doesn’t just happen to John. It happens when he has his eyes fixed!
In s4, people will try to wake Sherlock up. (As has been said before, this is probably what John beating Sherlock up in TLD and screaming, “Wake up!” is all about.) People will literally try to get a reaction out of his unconscious body.
And let’s not even go into the whole ‘her mouth – a crimson wound’ thing. Because, trust me, I’m the least qualified guy to discuss vagina symbolism...Erm, yeah...
Alex is wearing new clothes and has started using a spray tan. Recently, we are told. You know...Just like John, who recently got married. John who is trying to make himself into something that he is not by putting on metaphorical ‘new clothes’ and using a metaphorical ‘fake tan’ that just isn’t HIM.
Will series 5 feature a gigantic replica of the
Mantegna’s famous St. Christopher fresco, which is ALL about perspective (as is clear from the many columns, the grated ‘ceiling’, etc.), has a little figure of a man with his eye shot through in the background.
First things first: Sherlock discovered Mary was pregnant during the wedding.
So, what could a flower painting mean in this context? (If it is a flower painting...)
The murder weapons are important!
So, once again, series 4 (‘The Six Thatchers’ to be precise) invokes a gay god, as part of this story. In TST, it also uses his bust as a Sherlock mirror. What might we deduce from that? Hm...Yep, Sherlock is gay, my friends. Tell me something new.:)
The other detail about John’s homosexual side is more speculative: Alex’s fingernails.
Mary has the ‘dog’ on a leash here (you know from my ‘Follow the dog’ meta (
The phone conversation that is about to ensue in this scene is one in which Mycroft teases Sherlock about John’s wedding and the fact that everything is going to change for Sherlock now...All the while Sherlock tries to pretend (desperately, I might add) that nothing is amiss. That he will pull through this somehow, that he’ll survive John’s wedding. What is this if not pride on Sherlock’s part, you might ask?
heart! THAT is the metaphorical ‘murderer’. The one who has kept a connection to his heart.
So, to recapitulate:
). The beautiful. The one and only.
There is also the fact that Nathan’s jacket gives us this tiny hint of John-ness. It’s a bit of a John-jacket, isn’t it?
Well, a peacock is an Asian animal. And Mycroft has consistently been associated with the East throughout the show (for reasons that we have all speculated about, but that remain, at least so far, unexplained...I’m sure the show will tell us exactly what this was all about in s5. Personally, I do have a theory on that. But I’m not very certain of it, so I’m going to keep silent on the subject.)
Lawrence was martyred by being roasted on a grate. As he made his famous “I’m done on this side,” quip, he was quite literally half dead and half alive. One half of his body was completely burnt, while the other one remained. He was literally somewhere in between life and death when he said that.
It’s even more telling that the murderers in this episode are all women. Not actual women (because all of this is happening in Sherlock’s mind, remember), but parts of Sherlock’s brain that he associates with what we traditionally would call femininity. You can call it something else if you’re uncomfortable with that word, but the point is:
Well, I know one TV show that pulled off that exact joke. And funnily it did so with the twin painting of the one used on ‘Sherlock’.
The original sculpture can be found in Liverpool where it is
We have THREE mirrors for John.
But this is a general feature of Goethe’s ideas. And this might be one of the reasons why our Sherlock likes him. Goethe was ahead of his time on almost everything.
All aspects of John are going to end up in Sherlock’s emotional ‘ocean’ because no matter what Sherlock tells himself consciously about what he loves about John....he actually loves ALL of John. Even the fucked-up parts!
) that Sherlock clinging to his phone in the birth scene is a hint that Sherlock is actually literally fighting for his life, somewhere outside of his coma that s4 is all about. Sherlock is literally trying to cling to his heart (the organ!).
This is just a theory, mind... But if the whole of TST is Sherlock’s EMP, then this whole embassy building could basically be Sherlock’s coma: He’s trapped inside of it (=taken hostage, trapped inside his body).
The sculpture on the right hand side is NOT the ‘Aphrodite of Knidos’ we know from that certain ‘Sherlock’ episode, but it belongs to the EXACT SAME sculptural type: it’s a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture, too.
I don’t know, man. I really don’t.
Am I saying it’s a painting by that artist?
I don’t think this is about actual murder anymore.
Here comes the cool part, though. As I already mentioned, this sculpture in TST, is NOT actually Antinous.
There is no better way in art history to symbolically refer to a state of inebriation than by showing you grapes. And when you pair it with an actual wine glass like that...well.
Sherlock is dying. So, John is the one who will be showing his cards.
It’s just...I just wanna throw up my hands here and say, “I give up.” Because subtle this is not.
As I said, don’t even listen to Mofftiss’ interviews. Look at what Gatiss tells us right in that scene alone. He fucking hates that relationship between John and Mary. End of story.
) by Antonia Canova (BTW, amongst sculptors, this genius is a particular favourite of yours truly). And yes, just like the one on BBC ‘Sherlock’, this one is a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture, too.
, when you felt like this was an experience unlike any other?
I know this might not look like a 'Sherlock' meta at first glance, but I promise it is! You see, when the same sculptures are used on both shows 'Doctor Who' and 'Sherlock', this could, of course, simply mean that the set designers are just reusing old props. But when it happens in one very, very specific 'Doctor Who' episode, then it MEANS SOMETHING...if you know what I mean.:)
All screencaps in this post were taken from: http://kissthemgoodbye.net/
win because it is ultimately unstoppable.
’ and ‘
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 27 December 2019
great meta by
from the
Or maybe you say:
The blocking here tells us exactly what Sherlock is looking at: He has split John into three precise aspects.
Yes, I know we've talked about this statue before, but not in the context of the infamous Vatican cameos.:)
And I had added how that modesty isn’t really helping him one bit, seeing as his urges defeat his hands anyway. Just look at the way the hilt of that sword is, ahem, tilted upwards.:P
It’s a famous and oft-copied sculpture by the 18th-century sculptor Jacques Saly: a bust of a young girl, also known as ‘La Boudeuse’ (the pouting/sulking one):
) before he can be the solution to what ails John.
The ambassador seems to hint at the fact that throughout this whole coma!time, they have been playing chess with each other (Sherlock’s two voices in his head have been arguing with each other this entire time).
). He must have been like...really, really hopelessly head-over-heels-in-love with James, right? And absolutely devastated afterwards when the whole thing ended (=when he returned to civilian life).
Granted, this could just as well be about John. But I have an inkling that the victim (Evans) is supposed to be Sherlock.
The one in the workshop in those Tbilissi scenes with Ajay.
These changes in Alex (=John attempting to lead a heterosexual life) were brought on by something very specific.
(By the way: Yay! I’ve finally managed to read LSiTV’s google drive folder! It’s brilliant.)
And don’t even get me started on how that Chinese lion looks a bit grumpy and drawn in on himself as it stares longingly at that doll behind the glass pane.:) And in the same screenshot, John is standing there with his hands crossed in front of himself in that trademark-grumpy-John-style. It’s just too adorable how much the two of them resemble each other.
I think, however, that we have all gone wrong in assuming that the 'Three Garridebs’ case in TFP is about someone actually killing somebody. (I’m guilty of this, too. I wrote something along those lines in my meta (
All of these interpretations are certainly valid.
Also, keep in mind that ALL versions of Edward Ladell’s still life above feature heaps of grapes and even a wine glass rather prominently:
Yeah...that!
And what’s even better: You can eat it.:D Apparently, it’s delicious. Which is why this plant is actually called “Monstera Deliciosa”. You can’t make this stuff up.:)
Aaand the camera treats this one painting differently from all the other paintings shown in ‘The Abominable Bride’ (TAB):
...this one here. It’s the first sculpture we’re shown in TBB when, first Sherlock’s mirror Soo-Lin, and then later Sherlock himself find it covered in yellow graffiti:
Eurus’s tasks are very important. They are a creative way for Sherlock to solve his own case. Step by step by step...
Hahaha, very mature, Sherlock, you absolute arse.:)
However, Osiris was also the God of rebirth and regeneration. So, if we ever needed a hint that Sherlock was never actually going to die and would be “resurrected” in series 3, this statue in TBB already told us that.
Kinda like the story they’re actually telling us in ‘Sherlock’, right?
And in case we wouldn’t get it the first time, they made sure the Apollo Belvedere turned up again in this scene here where Sherlock surprises Soo-Lin in the darkened museum:
Three things:
And I have only decided to post this now because @dinner-starving had asked me about any new meta coming up. Apparently I need a kick up the backside sometimes.:)
There are two (!) states of Alex. Just like John has two (!) sides to his orientation.
So let’s put the three parts of that metaphor together. We have three paintings (in the same room!):
Well, I think I just had a little epiphany about that.
Soo-Lin, who has just been left by John, is sitting on the floor too, just like Sherlock. But nothing is shielding her:
That’s really kinda cute and a bit old-fashioned.
And there is cause for cautious optimism in TST:
That’s why he yells, “Careful! Some of those skulls are over two hundred thousand years old! Have a bit of respect!”
(Think of Goethe’s ‘Faust’ and Faust’s ideas about pantheism, for example. The religious mores of Goethe’s time weren’t exactly that modern yet. Or think of how Goethe predicted the development of industrialised societies in ‘Faust’.)
In ‘Deep Breath’ (‘Doctor Who’) the exact same ‘Apollo Belvedere’ bust makes an appearance again.
Let’s start with the second one and leave the first one for later.
Over the years, I have seen people in this fandom take a stab in the dark a few times, guessing vaguely that it might be some bust of Antinous, the lover of the Emperor Hadrian.
Jenny (aka John) mirrors Canova’s ‘Venus Italica’. And Madame Vastra (aka Sherlock) mirrors the ‘Venus de Milo’.
We have already established that Nathan’s shortsightedness means that John isn’t ‘seeing’ something *cough* important. John isn’t ‘seeing’ something that’s right in front of his eyes. Something...about Sherlock’s desire for him. (The cars in that photograph behind Nathan!) Or possibly something about his own feelings.
Or if you want to be a total art nerd (
Well, Sherlock’s mirror, in the Tbilisi scenes in TST, is doing it again here:
) is a Frans II Francken, whom I hold in great regard. (I’ve written extensively about the use of his paintings on ‘Black Sails’.)
of that type, too. Just to give you an idea of what they typically look like.)
I’ve only recently discovered that there’s a sculpture in Ella’s office in ASiP.
Just so we understand each other, I’m not saying that the artist Edward Ladell meant to imply that he was painting a human derrière in his 19th century still life. Oh, no, I’m actually pretty sure his paintings were all genuinely harmless and innocent, devoid of any sexual connotations...without any ifs and butts, so to speak.:)
Often we see only one section of a painting, not the entire thing. If they aren’t cast in total darkness to begin with, that is. Like
I like the idea that
By the way, when Lawrence was sentenced to death he allegedly told the Emperor, “My gridiron feels cool to me, for I’m dying in the knowledge that I’m going to Heaven. It’s you, poor man, I feel for, for you will have to suffer eternal pain.”
). Now, in ASiB, we get her outright blessing the couple and their love.
And you will have probably already noticed that there are two (!) paintings in the ‘Sherlock’ episode 3x02 ‘The Sign of Three’ (TSOT) that we have so far neglected to mention.
I mean the two beauties hanging on each side of the fireplace here:
. (You have to scroll down a bit to paragraph 4.)
The sign Sherlock is leaning against here reads, ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
We have seen it with Connie and Kenny Prince in TGG, who (again) were a double mirror for John’s dual sexual orientation (see Part 5 (
And that somebody is clearly Sherlock’s brain (Mycroft).
And in a sense, this is also what is happening at that very moment in ‘The Abominable Bride’ (TAB):
See, Mycroft is running away from the picture that might be about a literal deflowering:
There’s more!
[...]
Howard on the left has to be John’s heart/emotional aspect because he corresponds to John (ie, Sherlock’s heart aspect).
They draw all their erotic attraction from this little game of showing and hiding at the same time...like, you know, the whole subtext game that’s going on with Madame Vastra and Jenny, that is half-hidden and half in-your-face. Moffat is coquettishly playing with us, half revealing what he’s doing and half being coy about it.
There’s actually a third plant in that room (encircled in yellow). (Of course, there is! This is five minutes into the show; it’s all exposition. They have to introduce Sherlock, too.)
Let’s not even mention the suggestive fact that the whole fun about those two Venus statues is that they both have, well, a naked bum, a very naked bum, and that, in this shot, Jenny is...well, uhm, presenting her behind, as it were...whilst Clara (the other Sherlock!mirror) is staring right at it, Jenny’s bum, I mean. Let’s not even go into that...
Yeah, I know. Some set designer had a lot of fun there.
Do you need any more evidence how much John and Mary’s marriage sucks? Because there’s loads more. (Really, don’t ever pay attention to what Mofftiss are saying in interviews about John and Mary being in love. Actually, don’t listen to those interviews at all. They wrote THIS show. They wrote this shit. They know exactly what they’re doing.)
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this little excursion into the art world.
Oh, and by the way, that is literally the moment Jenny serves the tea (gay love). Oh, man, Moffat! The tea thing again? And right in front of the two ‘Venus pudica’ statues? Really?
Surrounded by all these urges and temptations, as exemplified by a rather large and difficult to ignore peaCOCK in the same room.
Because, in art, two things can be true at the same time.
So, I don’t think it’s a coincidence that we’re shown this St. Lawrence painting in an episode that is all about Sherlock having tried to kill himself on a plane because he thought he would never see John again. He was literally trying to martyr himself, his higher cause being John’s happiness, obviously. The way John screamed, “Christ, Sherlock! Christ, Sherlock!” as Sherlock shot Magnussen pretty much told us as much.
Well, I could word-vomit another million-word-meta about this, but I don’t think this is what @shiplocks-of-love originally wanted to read, when they asked about the scene.:) So, I’m going to try to keep this as brief as possible. I see three different explanations for this ‘flip’. You can decide which one you like. (Or maybe they’re all true...??? IDK.)
Also, I think it’s worth noting that, like with the ‘Drummer Boy’ sculpture (
At the height of the feast, Plutarch tells us, Cleopatra made an entrance dressed as the Goddess Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love. If you ask me, this can only mean that her costume, ahem, didn’t leave much to the imagination. Obviously we don’t know today whether it was see-through or just skimpy in general. But, according to legend, Mark Antony was so gobsmacked by the sight of her that he was instantly swept off his feet. He fell in love (and lust) right on the spot, head over heels, so to speak.
Stuff like this is deliberate. Because that progression can be translated as:
On a meta level, Sherlock ‘comes from’ the ACD!canon, obviously. Sherlock and John are really, really old, after all. They were created a long time ago by Arthur Conan Doyle.
[... The] ambassador is [...] the [impatient] voice inside [Sherlock's] head that suspects he needs to stop pretending to be a machine. It’s this courageous voice that tells her frightened [husband] that she has, “AMO!” She’s the part of Sherlock that knows and has acknowledged the importance of love.
The problem with this guess is that it’s neither entirely correct nor entirely wrong because:
The two tapestries by the Flemish master Jeroen (Hieronymus) Le Clerc are from the late 17th century and depict scenes from the life of Cleopatra and Mark Antony.
If this bust was put there by the set designers to tell us something about John, then it’s all very clear and simple:
Heterosexual relationships have the blessing of organised religion (well, not all heterosexual relationships, obviously, but for the purposes of the show, that’s the statement Mofftiss are making). Homosexual relationships don’t get that blessing at all. Ever.
Unfortunately, this one isn’t just blurry. The angle of that frame is so unfortunate that we can’t really make out anything.
Or maybe John’s just sitting there, daydreaming about touching Sherlock like this.:)
In any case, the difference between the painting and Moffat&Gatiss is that the two of them were certainly not innocent when they conceived Sherlock. And I’m pretty sure it wasn’t the Holy Ghost who gave them Sherlock either.:)
You know...one of those iconic Mondrians:
And this joke was still one of the more harmless ones they came up with over the years.
I concede that this book idea is mere speculation and that I have no proof for any of this whatsoever.
I don’t want it to be true. Because I can’t imagine Sherlock really recovering from this.
That’s what the whole ‘Three Garridebs’ case in TFP is all about.
It’s THIS artist that the show picked to showcase a painting that is ALL ABOUT the light source: the exploding star.
Armed with this new-found knowledge Sherlock can confront the next task. And as a lot of people have pointed out before me, the next task that Sherlock’s dark, yet creative inner ‘Shadow’ (Eurus) will give him is to work out how John will ever admit to his love for Sherlock.
He ‘comes from’ a display case full of old fossils. Old skulls.
In the other one, Sherlock survives being shot at because John’s representation (the sculpture!) protects him.
Well, in the 19th century, in the Victorian era, people thought that this Egyptian equivalent of a lap dance was too offensive to their prudish sensibilities. So, they dyed that part of the tapestry red to make her leg disappear.
As I already mentioned briefly, the crown of roses the angel is crowning him with is an attribute of martyrs, too. But its symbolic meaning is narrower than the martyr’s palm branch. It refers to the victory of these martyrs, their joy of going to Heaven.
Yeah, that’s the best thing Mycroft (=the author) can come up with at that moment. Isn’t that just the most romantic thing you can say about a ‘baby’ (=relationship)?
Well, and then there’s, of course, the tea pot in the foreground of the frame. But others have written a lot about the drink code already, so I’m not going to go into that.
The camera seems to just glide across their surfaces as Sherlock and John walk along the various corridors. Because of that you can’t even properly make out what they depict. Like with this Horsley painting
This is actually quite a nice commentary on what Mofftiss, in their usual sarcastic way, think the Sherlock Holmes character has become over the last 120 years: dead! A dead body.
And Sherlock knows WHO he fell in love with: John!
So, in this scene Sherlock is basically telling himself: ‘Actually, I would love to tell John what he means to me and that I can only imagine our future to be one where we are together in a relationship. And I would love to tell him all that BEFORE we even have sex. But I know we won’t be able to keep our hands off each other because I’m about to explode. So, that relationship talk will have to wait.’
The laser surgery is referred to as recent. Recent!
Both the meta and the comment below were originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 17 November 2017
Let’s pretend that it’s this still life by
This baptism scene – together with the fact that Sherlock stands so far away from it, as if he can’t be a part of it, together with the fact that Sherlock’s
That!
He looks so happy for John, right? It’s like John and Mary’s relationship is the most beautiful thing Sherlock has ever seen.:P
Yeah, I know, right...
And to top it all off, the Half-Faced Man then moves right in front of the ‘Apollo Belvedere’, basically taking the place of that sculpture, merging with it and becoming one with it...just like Clara had done earlier:
All of these are brilliant discoveries.
Anyway...throughout ‘Faust’ we get all these hints that Mephisto (the devil!) is kinda camp and constantly hints at having anal sex with his daemons. Yes, brazen-faced and obscene like Moriarty, basically.
And look what John says, “We agreed we would never bring her on a case.”
And since we have all by now worked out that John’s bisexuality isn’t an ‘equal-opportunities’ deal and that he is certainly not a 50-50 kinda bisexual person, we get that ‘lopsidedness’ expressed in Alex’s description, too:
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock, on the other side, is saying that he really likes that dog (John’s homosexual side). And explains that with the sentence, “Well, I like YOU.” In other words, Sherlock likes John’s homosexual side and that has something to do with him liking John in general. Nice.
Here have a screenshot of Sherlock’s ‘utter delight’ at his
The Royal Coat of Arms is used for government documents and forms today.
Well, just to add to what I said about Winckelmann and his enthusiasm for the Apollo Belvedere above:
When it comes to Mark Antony, we should keep in mind that he killed himself with his own service weapon (in his case a sword). Remember how we get hints that John is thinking of committing suicide with his own service gun in ASiP?
Sherlock’s ‘side’ of the menu, on the other hand, has the word ‘mine’ right on top of it. Because that’s what Sherlock is: He’s John’s!
Because of that, the colour of the leg began to fade more quickly than the colour of Mark Antony’s coat, and, over the decades, the leg became visible again.
Sorry, if you’re not into reading gay themes into shows, this is where you should probably stop reading.:) Because there’s simply no way I can read Sherlock’s and John’s relationship as platonic. Sorry, not, sorry.
But Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain) tells him, “Nu-uh. No can do. The moment one of you makes the first move, the explosion is going to happen.” So, Sherlock’s own brain tells him he won’t have the time to talk all of that through, he will just want to do IT. The moment one of them makes the first move, they won’t be able to talk through their relationship status. That will have to wait. Because the explosion will be SO massive and so sudden.:D
The whole ‘married to his work’ thing comes up particularly often where Mondrian is concerned.
But, in an even more literal sense, Sherlock is half dead and half alive right as this scene in TAB plays out: He has overdosed on drugs on the plane, as is revealed to us shortly after this scene. What we’re seeing as he solves the case is all happening in his head, as he tries to work out whether he still wants to live and
Not only do John and Mary talk about the ‘baby’ having a 666 on her forehead, no, the ‘baby’ has a mother who’s called Rosamund Mary, which technically means that this ‘baby’ is ‘Rosemary’s baby’, as a lot of people have pointed out already.
I’m sure lots of metas have already been written about how the Half-Faced Man in ‘Deep Breath’ is an obvious Sherlock!mirror, what with his eye thing and the fact that he will take a literal fall a few moments later. (Also...Big Ben!)
All screenshots were taken from
The hand, the body part that carries the wedding ring, is not shaking. It is ‘steady’ when John is with Sherlock. Yeah, I know, right...Steady boyfriends.:)
All the ‘Doctor Who’ screencaps in this post were taken from
He’s waiting for John.
John put on new metaphorical clothes and started to use a fake tan (=faked love) because of what he had ‘seen’ (laser surgery) about himself and Sherlock (whom he believed to be dead at that point) once his metaphorical ‘eyesight’ was fixed.
Not that Moriarty is literally Rosie’s father, no. But that the ‘baby’ (as a metaphor for the relationship) was ‘sired’ by Moriarty in the first place. I see this as incontrovertible proof that Moriarty is, indeed, behind John and Mary’s marriage.
With any of the other murders on this show, I’d just say, “Duh, it’s a crime series, after all. Sometimes a dagger is just a dagger.” But this is different. Remember that all of this takes place in Sherlock’s mind. And the Freudian (and penetrative) aspect of these two weapons which, in TAB, kill men (and only men) has to mean something for that very reason.
But there are obstacles (for now). And Sherlock tells us in this scene what they are: In the conversation with his future relationship, Sherlock points out that it ‘sees but doesn’t observe’. In other words, John hasn’t really understood what Sherlock feels (yet). John sees things about Sherlock, but he doesn’t observe.
Remember what it was like when you fell in love for the very first time? When love was something completely new, something astonishing and shocking
’ tag.
who brought that up
Which John-aspect!mirror metaphorically ‘killed’ Evans (=Sherlock)?
You could argue that the Lawrence painting (which displays the gridiron upon which Lawrence was slowly roasted to death rather prominently in the foreground) is a subtle reminder of that. A hint that those murder weapons are important on the show, as well.
Anyone who loves museums and old churches
As I pointed out in my original meta (
To make things even better...The show ‘Black Sails’ included a second (!) painting in this very set, the painting ‘White cockatoo and other birds’ by Willem van Royen (see here:
Because the statue is
But one of them is the stitched-together, monstrous product of the centuries. The other one is the real deal.
Let’s assume this ‘murder’ of Evans is actually about Sherlock, once again, obsessing about the question of how he was metaphorically ‘murdered’ (=how he fell in love).
Anyway, this is what the show did in ‘The Six Thatchers’, too. Sherlock, once again, is presented as the head without a body in the ‘Capitoline Antinous’ bust.
This is about coming to Jesus ‘with one eye’ (meaning: being sincere, clear-eyed and having no second thoughts or second agenda, literally: ‘no second eye’). Since Jesus is Sherlock in our Sherlock!universe, this is essentially all about coming home to Sherlock.
(But that might just be coincidental.)
a) it is a very specific sculpture and
All of that...the three paintings with the peaCOCK-butt/peach-tons-of-grapes-and-possible-deflowering combo on the walls, as well as all the rest, leads me to conclude that Sherlock is looking back at the stag night with regret. He is sadly reminiscing, remembering, thinking of what he might have had if only he had dared to do something...But now he’s at John’s wedding, and his own brain (Mycroft) refuses to ‘be there’ for him, ie, function properly.
Here’s (as always) the link to my master meta page:
Charming, Sherlock, really charming.:)
Now, this is where it gets interesting. Because the original war memorial was built to commemorate three wars of the Victorian era, the military campaigns in Burma and South Africa aaaand, wait for it ...
Apparently, the restorers, in our time, chose not to restore the original state with the flesh-coloured leg. So, this brilliant little detail remains as a commentary on the foolishness of the Victorians and their furious, desperate, yet ultimately futile attempt to hide the sexual and the erotic that sometimes makes an appearance in art.
(And right on top of Big Ben, at that. That’s a particularly nice fandom present by Moffat, seeing as we’re all speculating that the old homophobic version of Sherlock will symbolically ‘die’ as Sherlock kisses John right there on top of Big Ben or something.)
Because why else would they put Nathan Garrideb (in the photograph) in front of a car? Cars are ‘transport’ (aka body aspects) on this show. Cars are about sex.
(There’s also the fact that the man’s facial features, his eye colour, his hawkish nose, his high forehead, the way his dark hair is parted, all of that looks like something out of a classic Sherlock Holmes adaptation, or even Paget’s famous illustrations.)
and John is still the baby-carrying ‘fulcrum’ of their love triangle:
When Sherlock wants John to name his ‘baby’ Sherlock, the ‘baby’ represents John and Sherlock’s (future, potential) relationship. It means Sherlock wants John’s metaphorical ‘baby’ (=future relationship) to bear the name ‘Sherlock’.
He took all the money and distributed it among the poor, then let himself be arrested and told the Emperor, “Those are the Church’s treasures,” pointing at the poor, the sick, the orphans, the widows, etc.
Lestrade tells us here that before John had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) with Mary, he already had a ‘baby’ (relationship) in Sherlock.
The case is John.
Sherlock is a fossil. Very, very old. Ancient. Created by Arthur Conan Doyle.
It was painted by a follower of Parmigianino, and look what a beauty it is:
I’m sure you can all do the whole google and wikipedia thing just as well as I, so I’ll just say that they are often associated with the Greek goddess Hera, with femininity, fertility and childbirth. Bingo!
That’s difficult to understand for somebody who’s on the 100% gay or 100% straight end of the spectrum. But if you’re not, this is probably something that you would recognise (I guess).
‘The Abominable Bride’ is THE tilting point in the overall narrative of turning Sherlock into his own true self. This is the point where Moffat and Gatiss really ‘turn him over’ like a record that needs to reveal its other side – the side that hides his own true self. (
And isn’t it lovely to imagine that Sherlock sees himself as ‘The Muse of the Dance of Love’ whilst John sees himself as a Chinese guardian lion (as I explained
Look, even the scene in which John checks out Sherlock’s naked body underneath the sheet (“Are you wearing any pants?”), where he literally looks straight down into Sherlock’s lap (!), takes place right underneath the (left) tapestry depicting a half-naked Cleopatra sitting in Mark Antony’s lap in an erotic ‘lap-dancy’ kind of way. And remember that the scene in the tapestry is SO brazenly sexual that the Victorians had to hide one of those erotic details. THAT is the tapestry underneath which this scene here is happening:
And the sculpture’s sole purpose in this scene is to show how protected Sherlock is, how no bullet can really harm him when he has John as his shield.
described in her excellent post (link see above).
Which obviously makes the ending of ‘The Abominable Bride’ all the greater: Because he doesn’t have to be scared. The connection between those murder weapons (read: sex) and death, doom, gloom and pain doesn’t have to hold.
This probably tells us that Alex, in his turn, is John’s true self, the core of John’s being.
But wait for it. It gets better still.
When Andy enquires after Soo-Lin, there’s another sculpture in the museum’s restoration room:
And, like John, Mark Antony had had sexual relationships with both men and women.
Because there’s a giant painting of Saint Lawrence right behind Sherlock in ‘The Abominable Bride’ just as he starts to freak out about finding Moriarty’s
So, whichever way, you look at this...from a name point of view or from an original-purpose-of-the-war-memorial perspective, there is no way this sculpture represents anything but John on the show.
Unless this is literally Moftiss mooning us via their subtext.:)
of Antinous; the Emperor Hadrian loved him fiercely, after all. The set designers of ‘Sherlock’ could have chosen any of these for their scene.
It tells us that Sherlock will, at some point in the show, be in two places at once: lying somewhere unconscious/in a coma (almost dead), yet also experiencing a lot of things outside his own body at the same time (or rather deep inside his own brain, as near-death experiences go).
In TBB, the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ sculpture was more or less a stand-in for Sherlock himself. (All cut-off heads on BBC ‘Sherlock’ are stand-ins for Sherlock’s character. And this extends to all the different sculptural busts on the show, too.)
Let that sink in for a moment.
And you know Mofftiss are even more likely to come up with that sort of thing than others. They are, after all, total teenagers when it comes to any vulgarity imaginable.
In the canon story 3GAR, Holmes thinks that Watson is deadly injured, dying, and that’s why Holmes’s love for Watson breaks through Holmes’s cold mask, that’s why it shows at that particular moment. That’s why we, the audience, see it (through Watson’s eyes) at that point.
This is actually a feature Sherlock shares with Moriarty at this point in the narrative: Moriarty in ‘The Abominable Bride’ (TAB) is also half dead and half alive. We are never entirely sure. (Which means that his resemblance to Lawrence in the above painting is a nice little coincidence, but more about that later...)
of children” (=relationships). And then he adds that this is not his bias, that this is a scientific fact. So, in other words, Sherlock told John that!
I have to admit, though, that I’m looking at this from the POV of an absolutely insane art geek. (Incidentally, I have just recently spent an entire hour standing in front of an actual real-life Vermeer, staring at it open-mouthed and with bated breath like the massive nerd that I am, incapable of tearing my eyes away.:))
‘Venus pudica’ style sculptures are, by definition, half covered and half naked, ie, half hidden and half out in the open and nakedly in plain sight.
Is it because they are so clever? Or is it because of his or her looks? Is it their personality?
And why was the scene flipped (when compared to ACD’s canon story 3GAR), with Evans as the victim and Garrideb as the killer?
I know what you’ll say now: But how can we know it’s intentional? After all, this has nothing to do with some set designer carefully picking each and every item on set. This episode was filmed at Tyntesfield; the paintings were already there. It could all be a coincidence.
The sculpture I’m talking about is sitting on Ella’s desk:
More images (from the back and from the side)
Ha! And TFP-Mary told us, “Who you are doesn’t really matter.” As if!
(For a high-res., enlargeable image, see
But how does the show point that out to us...literally?
’) and had the idea that that might be the case with this bust too.
[...]
(Also, it shows up only moments before Zhi Zhu starts shooting. So its quality as a warning sign to look out for danger is established right there.)
PeCOCK – peach – tons and tons of grapes – and maybe a literal deflowering!
If, on the other hand, the makers of ‘Sherlock’ had only the unconscious/dreaming/dying aspect in mind, why not choose an unambiguous depiction of the god Hermes? Like, say, this lovely chap by Ernst Gustav Herter from Vienna:
Yeah, the ‘Garridebs’ case is about THAT.
Do you think those sculpture parallels between ‘Sherlock’ and ‘Doctor Who’ are cool? Well, wait for it. You’ve seen nothing yet.
This second Venus on BBC ‘Sherlock’ is incredibly similar to the ‘Venus de Milo’ used as the second statue in Madame Vastra’s living room. Hell, if it weren’t for the missing head this statue on ‘Sherlock’ could BE the ‘Venus de Milo’, too.
This way the leg had the same colour as Mark Antony’s coat and looked as if it were just a piece of the red fabric said coat is made of. The leg visually disappeared into the fabric.
[...] there’s a third plant in there, which ties the two of them together. It’s difficult to make out, but it’s purple, so I’m going to go with lavender or lilac (=ancient symbols of our gay tribe:D). So, this purple gayness is binding the curling bamboo (Sherlock) and the Monstera (John) together. Nice.
But before the show started, John was actually exposed to a ‘sun’ of his own while he was in the military, right? In that scenario, John was the ‘planet’ and somebody else (James Sholto) was the ‘sun’. And John felt the warmth of that ‘sun’ on his very skin. John’s skin was kissed by that ‘sun’. In other words, John was in love. Deeply in love.
Oh, look, Mary is the ‘moon’, right? (
It’s so bad that I’m afraid we will most likely never know what painting it is. But I promised
In short: Anti-Emp-fans are right in a sense: Because, yes, EMP was never in the ACD!canon.
Ha!:)
You already know (from my mini meta
(x) Screencaps taken from
Aw, Sherlock.
The Mofftiss adaptation, however, will bring this character back to life. They will wake him up! By giving him his gay identity, his heart, his John back.
has been done to death. There have been more than 200 adaptations all over the world. The character has literally become a dead body with no pulse.
I will kill Mofftiss and their set designers personally with a marble sculpting block. Aaaaah!
Not enough for you? It gets even better:
And they can both be seen while these two men stare at each other longingly.
First and foremost...let’s keep in mind that a very important number of scenes in the VERY SAME episode (TSOT) deals with Sherlock’s and John’s attraction for each other WHILE INEBRIATED after the stag night!
Spoiler alert: It isn’t!
The real Sherlock, however, is not in a locked room, he is in a giant hall, out in the open, vulnerable on all sides. (Just like his heart will be at some point on the show.)
We have already seen Aphrodite (Venus) being used as an important prop in the plot of TBB (she appeared a few times as a sculpture hinting at the heavily sexual subtext of the show, cf.
Ugh, Sherlock. Stop it. Your relationship with John was real! Not consummated maybe, but very real.
I wouldn’t even mention it if it weren’t for the fact that
The whole “single eye” thing is all over the New Testament, and Jesus refers to it again and again as a positive thing. Usually, it’s interpreted as ‘the eye of FAITH (!)’. An eye of love and desire. The other eye, the one you’re supposed to cast aside is the eye of doubt and darkness. The eye of faith perceives that which cannot be seen or touched, but which undoubtedly exists nonetheless: love. The eye you’re supposed to cast aside is the one that sees only earthly things.
Mary is the one who has her hands all over that ‘baby’ (=relationship). She’s the one who holds the relationship in her claws:
The camera doesn’t lovingly pan over it in the same way it does with the one on the left, though, so I’m assuming we’re apparently not meant to pay as much attention to it, anyway.
If we run that through our metaphorical translator, this means that it was at the wedding that Sherlock ‘discovered’ the relationship that was about to begin between John and Mary.
So, Sherlock basically makes the same face at the precise moment when the painting can be seen over Sherlock’s shoulder almost as though he were mirroring the Saint’s expression.
Then there are two large brave lions (a
What I would like to point out, though, is that, in art history, Hermes has been used, for a very long time, as a symbol for something else, too.
What’s more, it’s not just any old dream. Hermes is the guider of souls to the underworld, the one who helps dying people get to the other side.
It’s the ‘Venus de Milo’ herself (
It’s a nice little hint, I grant you that.
At one point, the white COCKatoo painting is in a frame where it looks like this, erm, cock is coming right out of the head of one of the two men:
We have cause to believe that when John is all alone, without anyone looking on, inside his own head, he is entertaining the idea of engaging with his same-sex desires some more.
(For an enlargeable, high-res. image, click
John has given in to his heterosexual side and is trying to be THAT...and only that. He’s really, really trying. He’s trying very hard.
Just like in Mantegna’s famous St. Christopher fresco here:
Did you ever sit back and wonder, “So, what exactly is it about this person that I love so much?”
“Why would Mofftiss even go for this? Just because they like ‘Inception’? Isn’t BBC ‘Sherlock’ supposed to be read on a meta level, as well? As more than just an adaptation of the original ACD!stories, as a commentary on all the other adaptations that have been done before, as a commentary on the relationship between author, audience, and the Sherlock Holmes character that has existed for more than 120 years?”
Also, what’s the phone booth doing there? Well, not only is this visual matter of the heart (a decision that John has to make for his future potential relationship) staged
Duality. Once again.
Now, about that second painting:
So, what exactly is Sherlock thinking of when he grabs his phone (=heart) during John’s freaking wedding and calls Mycroft? What is going on in Sherlock’s mind/brain?
I would like to add a little something that I haven’t seen discussed yet and which might confirm (I hope!) that these parallels are, indeed, intentional references by Steven Moffat.
