Sherlock wet his lips a little, blinking slowly. He nodded, biting his lip. "Mm...Morphine, s'not enough anymore," he said slowly. "Just... takes edge off," he murmured. "The cocaine abuse... makes it less... effective," he said quietly. He swallowed, looking at John, squeezing his fingers weakly.
John stirred with a tired sigh, rubbing his eyes and sitting up. "Sherlock?" he called out, his voice tinged with a hint of fear. He hadn't been sleeping well lately, worry for Sherlock as he neared his third trimester overriding his need for sleep. It was a short moment before he noticed the bathroom door closed, and he threw off the blankets and knocked on the door. "You alright, love?"
Sherlock watched Maria tend to John, staying curled up next to him. He looked at the pills she'd handed him, then down at his belly. He swallowed, and for while considered not taking them. He wanted John happy again, and having Katherine had focused him so much, made him smile again. Then there was the chance he might not even be able to have one yet, too injured and sick, not enough nutrition. But then, last time he'd been shot.
John chuckled, thinking that it was a bit early to start naming, but it sounded like fun. "Christ, I don't know. I thought we were going to have a boy, so I wasn't even..." He sighed, resting his forehead against Sherlock's. "We are not naming her after my mother. No need to make her ego any larger," he teased.
“Handful of months Katty,” John promised. “Once he’s a year old he should start talking some, and then it’ll just get better from there.” He smiled over at her, bouncing Hamish a little before letting him do it himself again. “You’ll have to teach him all about Doctor Who, and maybe you can read to him. And I can read the Hobbit to both of you.” Hamish made a loud noise, tugging on John’s shirt again, demanding attention.
Sherlock looked at John as if it was obvious. "Well her phone wasn't in her possession. It wasn't in her bag; her line of work plus the line of partners, she wouldn't leave it lying about. It only leaves one conclusion. Someone else has it," he said, just as John's phone started to ring.
John gave Sherlock a funny look as the cab started moving. "Sherlock, what?" he asked, knowing that there was obviously something bothering him.
"Never John... I promise," he murmured quietly. He felt John's pulse slow, becoming steadier as he fell asleep.
"Can't bear to be without me?" John teased, though he knew it would be hard for both of them to be separated this soon, harder for Sherlock than for himself.
“You must have been right…Johnathan,” he said softly, “All those years ago, you were right. I would see you again. I am sorry for not believing you,” he murmured, disposing of the bloodied shirt and pulling a blanket up over the man. He tucked himself in the corner of his bedroom, settling into his chair as sunlight started to filter in lightly through the window.
Sherlock felt what had to be a couple of ribs crack as he landed in the back of the lorry, quickly climbing out and arranging himself on the pavement, ball under his right armpit as the people rushed forward. He made his face blank, forcing it because it would save John's life, and he could do that no matter the pain. He felt the sticky liquid pour onto his head and neck as he stared blankly, his eyes practically closed. He wouldn't need to blink, the tears he was holding back keeping his eyes wet.
Sherlock dropped the toast onto his plate and sighed, setting his plate down. He swallowed, then stood up, carrying the plate and setting it on the table, sitting next to John rather than across from him. he scooted his chair closer to John and rested his head on John's shoulder, giving a small smile over to Katherine who grinned back, eating her eggs happily. "I'm sorry," he murmured quietly.
John ran his fingertips lightly down the side of the boy’s face, skimming over a bruise that was forming high on his cheekbone. "I'm sorry, you must be starving. Come on, I'll make you some food and tea."
Sherlock nodded a little, thinking about that. "I know," he said, looking down at his stomach. He was already terrified, but not entirely for those reasons. "But we can manage. And knowing us, our child won't be normal. And that's good," he said.
John nodded, though he didn't know exactly what he was agreeing to. He held Sherlock until he had calmed down, then just stroked through his hair, nuzzling against his neck.
Sherlock caught his coat, pulling it on and pacing after John. "John, no wait. Tell me," he insisted, now that John was playing games, it seemed. "Come on, I don't... I don't like not knowing things," he said, taking hold of John's arm as they reached the bottom of the stairs. "Now you're just teasing..."
Sherlock hummed on the sofa, though he stayed asleep as he was catching up on it, the dark rings still prominent under his eyes.
Sherlock glanced up at Harry, shifting slightly before letting out a breath, one of John's hands resting on the bruise on his right hip.
Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled into John's lap with a small smile. He sighed a little, snuggling closer to John and resting his head on his shoulder. He looked up at John for a moment before shutting his eyes. He swallowed, letting himself relax a bit. "’m just taking a nap," he murmured, his fingers playing with the hair at the nape of John's neck as he started to drift off.
John ducked his head, forcing himself to stay steady, and took a step forward, releasing Sherlock's hand as he went to kneel on one knee if front of the headstone.
John was exasperated by how quickly Sherlock was processing all of this information, and, he would willing admit, he was quite impressed. He walked after Sherlock, sliding into the cab he hailed. "Isn't that technically evidence?" he asked, gesturing at the case and rubbing his leg.
John stepped around Sherlock, trailing his fingers over Sherlock's hip as he entered the room. He shot a warning glare at Mycroft, just in case he hadn't got the message yesterday how protective John was of the younger Holmes brother, and stood behind one of the two chairs their side of the DI's desk.
But this was John's experience, and it was different from Sherlock's, so he would wait for permission. "You have nothing to apologise for John. That...that wasn't your fault," he said quietly. "Do you understand?"
Sherlock rubbed his arm a little – that was a lot of food. He nodded a couple times. "Alright," he murmured, shifting a little again. He swallowed, glancing over at John. "I'm sure I won't want to be running much when I'm the size of a planet anyway," he said, looking down at his stomach.
. Sherlock sighed, thinking for a moment. "Well," he said softly. "I don't think your Papa ever told you, but I'm a detective. I used to help Lestrade... erm, Uncle Greg, catch bad guys," he said quietly. "And when you were little, there was a really big bad guy. And he and his friends wanted to do bad things, to a lot of people. So I had to go away to stop them, so that everyone, including you and your Papa, could be safe," he said softly. "And no one could know," he finished.
John gave a relieved sound when Sherlock mentioned a bath - he didn't want to be standing either. "No offense, but I really hope that was the last one," he said, steadying Sherlock as they made their way into the bathroom. He quickly turned on the water to warm and filled the tub, helping Sherlock inside before sliding in behind him.
“I had some of that toast Mrs. Hudson brought the other morning,” he murmured though he could already hear the intake of breath from the other that indicated he was about to rebut his statement.
I had a good laugh at that. Another baby, oh my. What does she think, that we can just snap our fingers and just say, "Alright, baby, grow"? Haha. I miss being a child, sometimes.
Sherlock nodded, heaving himself up off the floor and giving Katherine a small swing. "Always," he said. "One of my favourites," he said, setting the infant into a bouncy seat that had a mobile attached. He wound it up after buckling her in and walked into the kitchen, leaning against the counter.
John made a small noise, rolling over and snuggling up against what he drowsily recognised as Sherlock. He nuzzled against Sherlock's chest, breathing in his scent and smiling slightly. "You ate," he whispered, kissing below Sherlock's collarbone. "Good."
John leant up to kiss Sherlock gently, pulling away with a small smile. "You're welcome," he whispered, nestling down against Sherlock. "You're welcome," he repeated softly, linking their fingers together as he drifted off to sleep again.
John glanced over at Sherlock, raising his eyebrows, his lips curled up his a humorous smile. "Well, so long as he's nice," John said, ruffling her hair. He leaned more against Sherlock closing his eyes as he rested his head on his shoulder. "Thank god she's not a teenager yet," he muttered so that only he could hear.
John groaned, slowly opening his eyes to see Katherine bouncing up and down on the bed, her curls fanning around her face. He smiled, pushing Sherlock's shoulder gently to wake him. "Alright, then," he said drowsily, "lead the way."
Sherlock walked into the room, stripping out of his clothes and pulling on some pyjamas. He stretched a little, climbing into bed and dragging the covers over himself, curling up with a sigh on the bed. He lay in bed for a little bit, still curled up as he started to doze, wanting to stay awake until John joined him. John smiled when he entered the room and saw Sherlock curled on the bed. He down to his pants, then walking over to the bed, crawling in behind Sherlock and spooning up behind him.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking at the notes she was taking. He shifted in the chair, letting out a breath. "Less than a thousand calories per day. Not currently on any blood thinners, unless you count the nicotine patches I tend to wear as I'm quitting smoking. I was recently on copious amounts of a painkiller, the name of which I never bothered to memorise, which I took because I was shot in my right shoulder. As for exercise, apart from the occasional chase of a murder, I don't, though I haven't even done that in a while," he said, finishing with a small sigh. God, he needed a case.
"My mother used to all the time, when I was sick and such. When she was around that is," Sherlock said. "Last time she did was during my first heat... she was there the whole time," he said quietly.
Sherlock shifted over and laid next to John, letting out a breath. "It'll go away John, just like before, slowly it will...time. That's all you need love. And in the mean time, there's herbal supplements...medications, things that can help." he said softly, watching John's hands as they held their son up, the infant happily bouncing himself as he tried to stand.
John furrowed his brow, concern for the Omega running through him. He reached out, cupping his cheek and turning his head so that their gazes met again.
"Rest if you can; you're still healing and your body could do with the sleep." John squeezed Sherlock's hand, pulling it close to his own chest and holding it there.
Sherlock hummed, leaning into John's hand gratefully. "Mmknow....mmlove you too," he murmured quietly. He winced a little as he turned his neck, starting to feel sore now that the high of climax was passing. He would get his scratches and bites cleaned when they showered. He sighed, nuzzling into the hand in his hair.
"Maybe I'm special," John said good-naturedly, continuing to comb his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'm glad you enjoy it. It certainly makes me feel better."
John chuckled, leaning back, away, and trailing just the tip of his finger up the underside of Sherlock's erection. "Punishment, hmm... That's such an... objective word, don't you think?" He was glad to have the attention off of himself, to have Sherlock only focusing on what he wanted, what he needed. Sherlock was always first, and John wanted to remind him of that.
"Shopping first?" John offered, tugging at the hem of the long-sleeved t-shirt. "A hair cut if you want it; I don't know how you usually do your hair." He shrugged sheepishly. "Unless you just want to go to the Yard and come immediately back."
"I-it's a ple-" Sherlock was cut off by the embrace, which startled him a little, and he swallowed, blinking a couple times. He stammered a little, not sure how to respond to the action, or the statement. "I... thank you it's... a pleasure," he said, defaulting to finish his initial plan for a greeting.
"Yeah, probably." John moved on the bed until he was spooned up behind Sherlock, his arm wrapped loosely around his waist, his hand pressed to his chest. "Sleep, then," he murmured, gently kissing the back of Sherlock's neck, indecently happy that Sherlock smelled like himself again.
John smiled, stepping up and sliding into the tub behind Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around the Omega’s waist, running his hands over his chest and torso. "Probably still could've kept sleeping if I hadn't rolled over and felt that you were gone," he murmured, nuzzling contently against the back of Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock gasped as John's mouth closed around him, his hands balling up gently in the bedding. He hummed a little, glancing down to see the almost smug smile on John's face.
"Love you," Sherlock murmured, watching John's grip on his shirt slacken. He lay there for a while, still listening at the door, but eventually he too fell asleep again, snuggled close to John.
John beamed like the proud father he was, laughing a little as Katherine giggled. "Such a strong little girl. Now, if we could only get you to say Dada or Daddy, I'd be completely content," he teased, standing up to hug Sherlock and kiss Katherine's temple. "Wish I would have videotaped that," he murmured, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock jumped when he saw the blonde Alpha blocking his path, seeing the gun point at him. He felt a jolt of fear, and then a flicker of anger when they said that he'd shot John.
John smiled across the table at Sherlock, giving him a conspiratorial look that would make Katherine more interested. Then he sighed, going back to his food and occasionally lifting his hand to play with Hamish or settle him down. Tomorrow would be a good day. He would make tomorrow a good day, because he was tired of all of these sitting-around-at-home days.
Sherlock slept for several hours, not so much as moving on the bed. It was late in the night when his face twitched a bit, brows pinching as his eyes moved under their lids. He mumbled incoherently under his breath in French, trembling slightly in his sleep.
Sherlock curled his knees to his chest, looking at John. "Don't get onto me about surviving, because you did it to," he said, though admittedly that was all John could do in that place.
I still have a lot more testing and prepping to do, so I won't be talking for the rest of the week, but if you send the picture, I'll see it.
The nurse looked over at John. "Perfectly healthy," she said. "Even for being early. She's got good lungs, I'll give her that," she said, looking down at the wailing pup.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking at John. He lifted his hands to rest over John's as they were unbuttoning his shirt. "Are you sure?" he asked softly. "You said... you wanted Katherine older," he said. "She'll only be four when it's born," he said, wondering if something else wouldn't come up, and that the last nine months had been simply a honeymoon phase of things, and that John would turn resentful eventually. He looked down, letting out a breath and forcing the thoughts from his head; he didn't need those ones.
Sherlock nodded once. "And weekends, is that a thing?" he asked, wondering just what was going to happen when Sherlock had his heat.
Sherlock furrowed his brow as John stepped out and shut the door, curling up a little more again. He glanced over at Maria, and then down again.
"Oh, god..." John stumbled back a few steps, staring up at the silhouette of Sherlock standing on the roof. "Sherlock, what... what's going on?" He swallowed, gripping tight to his phone.
Sherlock blinked once. "You've promised me nothing. I'm not... I haven't asked you not to leave," he said. He let out a huff of air.
John started swaying, moving his body in time with the steadily rising and falling tempo. "There's literally no difference," he said softly, turning his body and taking a step, nudging Sherlock's foot with his own to get him to move it. "And dancing with a partner is far easier than alone."
"Of course," John told him, massaging his scalp with gentle touches. "I'll pick some up tomorrow so that they're here in the flat. Just help me keep an eye out for the signs so that I know when to start taking them." He pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple.
John stood on his toes, pulling Sherlock in for a full kiss, sweeping their tongues together once before he backed off. "That's all I need for luck," he murmured, smiling, as he backed up and out of the door. "I'll be back in a couple of hours," he called over his shoulder, and then he was gone, trotting down the stairs and hailing a cab once he was on the street.
John turned to look at Sherlock, sensing his discomfort from where he was. It was almost frightening how attuned to the Omega he was already. "Sherlock, come here." He reached out his hand, beckoning him forward. "Mum, this is Sherlock," John explained, entwining his fingers with Sherlock's.
Sherlock didn't want to let her go, but she'd pulled away before he could hold onto her again. He wrapped his free arm up and around Hamish, shaking his head a little. "No..." he breathed in a small whisper, Katherine letting out a squeal of excitement when she poked her head into the stairs and saw her grandmother. "Please don't...don't take them....not again." he said, swallowing a bit.
Sherlock gasped, his mind going blank for a moment, struggling to remember what he was supposed to be saying. "That... that's che-EATING!" he said, wriggling against the bed and trying to rut against the mattress for friction.
Not much has been going on here, yet again. More of the usual. Wounded soldiers, sick soldiers, playing cards until 3 a.m. with the other doctors. It's a little boring. Or, well, it was until about an hour ago. We (central command, that is) received a bomb threat and an imminent threat of attack. They're sending out three teams, a random draw, and mine got picked. We can't come back until we find what we're looking for, so sorry if my replies are spotty. Start sending hand-written letters. I can send and receive those if I'm in the city.
John hummed, continuing his gentle ministrations. "Yes, but Katherine is a girl, and it looks cute on her. You're starting to look shaggy," he teased, taking his hands away and poking Sherlock gently to signal him to rinse.
"What did your brother say?" John asked, biting into his own sandwich and chewing it steadily. He reached out unconsciously with one hand, idly running his fingers up Sherlock's thigh and waist to his shoulders and then his hair. Sherlock was perfect, absolutely perfect, even with how skinny he was. John couldn't think of anyone more beautiful.
John chuckled, picking up his fried egg sandwich and starting on it. Of course Sherlock would have already looked into schools, would have already done essentially a background check on the teachers. "Alright, we'll stop by them first then," he said, putting on a smile and a worry-free face for Kat.
Sherlock paused in his steps, looking at her, and then shooting a look at John for telling. "I'm fine," he said. "It's not like it was the first time I was stabbed in the last two years," he muttered, resuming his pacing. He sighed, not liking how antsy he felt, agitated. His heat wasn't right, it was wrong... the flu messing it up, making it unpleasant.
"I'll probably still try to hold the both of you," John admitted, leaning into Sherlock's touch, catching a whiff of his scent, which thankfully was back to smelling like his own. "I love you too," he whispered, kissing Sherlock's forehead.
"Stop, the caffeine won't make it easier. You know I can have something here in minutes, maybe not your pills, but something a bit stronger maybe, if you'd like," he said, wrapping his arms around John's waist and nuzzling against his neck. "I can have your pills tomorrow," he murmured.
Sherlock thought about that and then leaned near the man's mouth. “No trace of the Thames there. He pushed on the chest, listening. “He obviously did not drown. He was killed and then left somewhere to wash into the Thames. Judging by his clothes and obvious smell-”
"It wasn't obvious to me," John murmured, sighing when Sherlock traced a line on his jumper. "Nothing you do is obvious to me, and I like it that way."
John smiled, pleased, and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, tucking Sherlock’s head under his chin. "Is there a limit to how cuddly you're being?" he asked, playing with a hole in Sherlock's shirt. "Like, no holding hands in public or something?" He nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, inhaling his scent and calming himself down further.
"Yeah, I suppose he will have," John commented, taking the wheelchair from the nurse and pushing Sherlock from the room. Paperwork was already done – he had taken care of that earlier.
It wasn't hard keeping himself awake. John was tired, sure, but he was more afraid to fall asleep than anything.
Sherlock hummed, nodding a little. He looked at John, smiling. "Why don't we go for a while then?" he asked. "Just us," he said. "We can ask your mum to watch Katherine. Spend New Years here... and go up after. Stay until my birthday or something..." he murmured. "Can bring inducers, because... I think that's the only way I'll be able to get them back on track," he said, nuzzling close to John.
"Coming." John rolled out of bed, padding down the hall and into the kitchen. He smiled at Sherlock, the smell of Chinese food hitting him hard and making his stomach rumble. "Oh, fattening Chinese food. The best way to work up an appetite." He reached into the fridge for the milk, pouring them both a glass and setting them on the table before he sat down.
Sherlock looked up at John and narrowed his eyes a little, not letting the clench he felt in his chest show. "I'd just follow you," he said.
John sighed, picking up his muffin and taking a larger bite out of it. He wasn't hungry, but he figured it would make Sherlock happy if he ate.
Sherlock hummed, smiling softly. "Takes after you too." he mumbled softly. He nodded a bit, not moving though, he could wait for the pills. "They won't hurt it will they? I don't want anything to ruin it." he said, touching his stomach, worried almost. He wondered if it would happen, having another pup, another chance at being there, properly there. He thought then about the pup he'd lost, Katherine's twin...he curled up more on John's lap, not wanting to think about that.
Sherlock soaked up the praise, basking in it. He moaned, sticking himself more in the air. He whined, wriggling a little. "Please...
Sherlock set the plate aside on the counter, shrugging a little. "Not much of an appetite today," he said quietly, lifting the corner of his mouth slightly. He hummed, leaning his head away from John as he pressed his lips to his neck. "You'd go mother hen anyway," he muttered, leaning away a bit to look at John. "Besides, we're also going out and getting cake apparently, so I'll be eating more later."
Sherlock nodded once, wetting his lips, running his fingers over Hamish's belly, still keeping his hand on him. He looked at John, tongue flicking over his lips once more. He didn't want them to get sent away, he didn't want them to get taken away. Not again, they were his...
Sherlock followed John out into the bedroom, perching on the bed and looking at John. "Simply using an expression," he said with a small shrug.
John pulled back a little, cupping Sherlock's face again and kissing his eyelids gently. "Alright, come on, you're coming with me," he murmured, slowly getting to his feet and pulling Sherlock up with him. He wrapped him up in his arms, holding him in a tight hug for a long moment before he crawled back into the bed, reinserting the IV and motioning for Sherlock to join him.
“Yay!” Katherine said, bouncing a little on the sofa and nuzzling against Sherlock’s side as John went down the hall to call. Sherlock smiled at her gently, seeing her small smile fad a bit a moment later. He could still see the weight of what she’d seen, that would take time. Sherlock sighed softly as he leaned into John, looking at the television which had switched over to the DVD menu, and then back down at Hamish who had nearly drained the bottle already.
Sherlock faltered slightly, shoving the rest of his clothes into the drawer and walking down the hall into the bathroom. "You are a despicable man," he said, leaning against the doorway and looking at John. "They just make me nervous is all. Inducers are so strong..." he murmured. They made him more desperate, but it would be enough, hopefully, to knock his cycles back on track.
John laughed, able to wake up faster than Sherlock, it seemed. He pulled Katherine into a hug, trying to rein in a little bit of her energy. "Yes, it is, and yes, we are," he agreed, kissing her cheek lightly. "How did you sleep?" he asked, holding her away at arm's length. He always had a hard time believing that she was nearly five. It made him ache for her younger years.
Sherlock looked down, pursing his lips a little. "God forbid you ever have a phobia, John Watson; I will find it. And exploit it..." he said. "And don't think you can hide it from me forever, either," he muttered, already trying to think about the things he'd seen, or rather the things he
Sherlock hummed, "Yes but now...I am better. Because of you. And we'll have to move it down, soon enough he's going to be sitting up, and he'll topple out of that thing." he said, just thinking about it made him want to go upstairs that instant and bring it down, the image of Hamish falling from that height a scary one, that set his instincts on edge. He blinked, "Maybe I should check on him," he said suddenly.
Harry tapped Katherine's nose a little. "A lot of babies get colicky. She'll be fine," she said, looking over at Sherlock. "He looks knackered, so do you for that bit. You know she's got a cot... doesn't need to be held the whole time," she said, rubbing John's arm a little. Katherine cooed again, before her eyes shut again and she dozed off, her hand still in her mouth.
Sherlock smiled a little, the movement still feeling unfamiliar on his face when it wasn't accompanied with something to do with a case. He watched John cross the room, taking the muffin with him.
He looked up when there was a knock at the door, and a female doctor walked in – an Omega, this time – after unlocking the door. "Doctor Maria," John smiled, not relinquishing his hold on Sherlock.
That week was perfect, just John and Sherlock in the silent woods, together. Sherlock's cold cleared up for the most part by New Year and they watched the fireworks from the clearing in the woods, the colours bouncing off of the snow. Sherlock was almost reluctant to go but that changed as soon as he saw how overjoyed and excited Katherine was to see them again. He scooped her up and pressed small kisses to her face as she rapidly told both of them everything she and her Gran had done, baking, colouring, visiting Aunt Harry and Clara when they came back. Sherlock smiled, resting his head on John's shoulder in the cab home. His birthday was in two days, but really he already felt he had everything, deciding not to bring it up. What else could he want?
John pulled on a pair of sweatpants, slowly working at putting the sheets back on the bed. He heard Sherlock's phone ring again from the other room and shook his head, figuring that it was either Mycroft or Lestrade being annoying.
John smiled, cupping Sherlock's cheek and stroking his thumb across his cheekbone. "I'll just listen to you, I think," he murmured. "Are you going to play in the living room or come back in here?'
Sherlock looked down, feeling somewhat out of place. Close families wasn't something he was particularly used to.
"It's fine now, and it'll be fine later, too," John finally murmured. "I won't leave unless you want me to," he promised, closing his eyes for a moment to attempt to ignore his body and Sherlock's.
Sherlock tried to keep his breathing even, squeezing John's hand. He let out a huff when it had passed. "F-fine," he said, looking up at John, trembling. "F-fine, but... only wh-when it's needed," he said, humming a little. It went on like that for a while, every seven to ten minutes, another, but they didn't get any shorter in between. Dr Maria said that obviously Katherine was in a rush, but would do things in her own time. Definitely stubborn.
John made a small noise, leaning back against the pillows for a moment, waiting for Kat to officially fall asleep before he slipped out of bed, walking out into the living room and gathering up all of the knives Sherlock had hidden when Moriarty had been affecting his nightmares. He sat down in his chair, turning to face the yellow smiley on the wall. After flicking out the blade, he threw the first knife, missing, but surprised to see that he was close.
"It's fine," he whispered, bouncing Kat gently in his arms as he walked down to the nursery. "It's going to be fine. Daddy's gonna make it." He bit his lips to keep it from trembling, looking down at a baby girl with obviously curly dark hair and eyes like his own, with just a touch of yellow around the irises. He entered the nursery and one of the nurses took Katherine away from him, checking her over.
Sherlock swallowed, hearing John pack and feeling his chest grow heavier with each item packed up. He heard John in the bathroom, waiting for him to return to the room before rolling over to look at him. "I promise, I really do...I'll take care of everything here, and when you get back it'll be to two happy, well fed children, and an equally to well enough fed mate that will be waiting for you," he said, holding out his arms this time, hoping John took the invitation. John stared at Sherlock's spread arms for a moment longer than he probably should have before walking over to the bed. He sunk down beside Sherlock, gathering up his Omega into his arms. There was still a part of him that didn't want to, but a larger part did, and he knew Sherlock needed it.
John smiled his thanks and then headed out the door to catch a cab. They had done this last year, too, on the anniversary. Except that time John had gone out and drunk his feelings away. He had no intentions of going to a pub today.
John winced at the truth in the words. "You're right, you're not the one planning on leaving. But even if I wanted to, I couldn't back out now. I already enlisted, I can't just... pull my name out and say, 'sorry, I can't go, thanks for paying for my post-secondary education though,' it doesn't work like that. And even if it did, I don't have the money to pay for med school, Sherlock. I have to go and at least serve for two years."
Sherlock groaned when John pulled him up, just a small bit sore, they'd gone so fast, not that he regretted it. He sat down on the edge of the tub, humming. "Mhm... shower... right," he said stretching.
John smiled at them, tugging on his coat. "I really do like that colour on you," he said, grabbing his wallet and keys and stuffing them into his pocket. He sent a quick text to Harry, letting her know that they would be over soon, before he grabbed one of Kat's hands and one of Sherlock's, walking with them down the stairs and out of the flat.
"His squad is being classified as missing in action. They're not sure where they are, and have been searching for them since they failed to respond at their rendezvous." Mycroft hesitated, looking at Sherlock. "Their vehicle was found exploded, but there was no one in it, and there was... blood. At this point... they are working under the assumption that he is either a prisoner of war, or killed in action."
"Here, take him a moment." he said, setting the infant at John's side and guiding his arm down to rest and cradle him at the same time. "I want to show you something." he said, taking off his coat and starting to unbutton his shirt. He pulled it off, and then turned, exposing his still marred back. There, on his right shoulder blade, stood the H that had been branded there, and on either side, a J and a W, inked into the skin and connected with intricate patterns that looked almost like chemical structures, which they were. Sherlock had designed it himself. "See? Tattoos, and they mean something, each one of them." he said, pulling his shirt back on and taking up John's hand, looking at Hamish, who was starting to doze, stomach full. He smiled, picking up the infant to start burping him before he fell completely asleep.
When John pulled away, Sherlock blinked, shifting over closer to John and snuggling up against him before even realising. "It's strange, normally I detest Alphas, or anyone really, touching me."
"I don't want to get all Omega homemaker, but... I could, make you something to take with," he said with a small shrug. "Hardly think I could burn a sandwich," he murmured. "And I'll have Mycroft and his people check that cafe."
Sherlock half shrugged a little, glancing down again. "’m okay," he said quietly, leaning into John's hand a little.
Sherlock's body was tense, his hands trying to move back up into his hair. He heard John's words, but they almost didn't reach him as he hid away in his mind, the Alpha's voice was still echoing in his head.
"Your shoes. They looked a bit too dressy for jeans and jumpers, and it's kind of a fashion no-no to where black shoes with khakis, so I made the connection." John grinned, following Sherlock as he picked up his clothes.
Sherlock’s stomach clenched as they got closer, and he doubled over, getting sick again on the pavement just outside the doors. He looked down at it, furrowing his brows when he saw the red mixed into it. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, which got a small smear on it.
John had expressed that it was different for him as well. Sherlock had been able to smell in the air the nervousness from the other, afraid of the bite despite trusting Sherlock. Given his past experience, he had expected as much. But that had disappeared, and he felt the relief the other was awash with.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, watching John's hand as it moved down to his again. He didn't understand, he didn't like being touched, hated it, and more often than not as of late it had usually been to hurt him. Now though... he found himself not minding so much.
John smiled, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and holding him tightly, nuzzling into his hair and breathing in his sharp scent. "She's a sweet little girl," he murmured, closing his eyes and running his hand over Sherlock's back. "Must get that from me," he teased, kissing Sherlock's forehead and holding him closer. He sighed a little, soaking up Sherlock's warmth and listening to Hamish's small sounds of movement across the room.
Katherine looked around, seeing the letters and names on the presents. She blinked, seeing an “Sh” on one. "Daddy's!" she said, pulling out a small package and walking over to the sofa and setting it on Sherlock's lap, then walking over to her Gran Gran and leaning up to kiss her cheek. "Happy Christmas, Gwan Gwan," she said, her pronunciation off a bit. She walked back to the tree, found a present with a “J,” and set it on her papa's lap.
He listened to the station all day, not once feeling hungry, and certainly not noticing as the day passed.
Sherlock let out a breath. "Feels like it was stabbed and lit on fire, but I've had worse," he said quietly, nuzzling closer to John. "Should see the brand I've got on my back. One of them worked with metal in their down time," he murmured sleepily. That had happened in the first year, within six months. He got faster after that, wouldn't be taken by surprise again.
John withdrew his hand instinctively, tucking it into his side, wrapping his arm around his waist. He didn't want to open his eyes, though the drug had completely worn off and he was entirely alert now. He didn't want to see Sherlock, didn't want to talk about what had happened, what had very nearly happened.
Sherlock growled a little at the tugging, yipping when the smack came. He moved more now, desperate, thrashing about in his head and trying to find things that would convince John to untie his hands, throwing out things his hands had been able to do before, what they could be doing now, hoping to entice him. As he was doing that though, all the while gently tugging at his wrists he came to another memory of his hands that completely threw him and he was slammed right back into it. His hands the day of the auction, bound roughly with coarse rope, digging into them for a day until they bled. Sherlock faltered in his movement, starting to tug more at his hands now, trapped in that moment in his head.
John hadn't slept now in three days. He was exhausted, suffering from blood loss, and he had minor hearing loss in his left ear. He was hoping that it was temporary, and that his cochlea hadn't been affected. He hadn't eaten in six days, and he could feel his body starting to shut down. cuts covered him, marred him, blood dripped into his eyes. His shoulder had been dislocated and then relocated, his knee dislocated and left there. He had lost track of the number of times he had been shocked.
John nodded, continuing to slowly rub Sherlock's back. "Vivid dreams are quite common," he agreed. "Do you... do you want to talk about it?" he asked quietly, setting his palm on Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock smiled a watery smile, resting his chin on Katherine's shoulder. "We can't just have these monosyllabic conversations, people will think we've dumbed down." He Katherine's cheek, "Show Papa what you learned," he murmured, "Then maybe you can go upstairs and draw him something real fast, you're getting so good at it."
John let out a slightly irritable sigh, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and holding him close. He combed his fingers through those errant, dark curls, twirling one around his finger and humming softly to himself.
Mycroft and Greg came by that day, Sherlock had been in the bathroom when he got Katherine, and Sherlock had come out to see Greg holding Hamish, an apologetic look on his face. They said only for a few days, while Sherlock got help, it was during the fight he had with his brother, which didn't go well, that his phone went off.
Now, nearly two fortnights past that time, life continued in a much similar manner to before. But there was more. Sherlock could feel that connection and often wondered how much of it John could feel. He had slightly less tuned senses but even humans could perceive the bond. In their own way.
John cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, tilting his head up so that their eyes met, even if for only a short, fleeting moment.
John nudged Sherlock's knees a little farther apart, pressing himself against Sherlock's entrance before slowly pushing in, dropping his head against Sherlock's shoulder as he met just a slight amount of resistance before he bottomed out.
John sighed, pushing noodles around his plate. "That's not what I meant. I just meant that it's not going to be easy. Raising a kid is not easy. It has it's rewards, yeah, it's just..." he drew in a long breath, setting his fork down for a moment, "scary."
. After casting a glare at his reflection in the mirror, he left the bathroom and retook his seat across from Sherlock.
“That’s Harrows,” John said with a nod towards the initials. “Thomas Harrows; has a shop near Shadwell.” He had had occasion to be there from time to time, selling a couple odd things he found himself willing to part with before his world had been expanded in the manner it had been. Now, he had paid work. Of course, there was the sporadic and at times generous income he and Sherlock accrued from the cases. Sherlock insisted John be given half share of it, despite the doctor not feeling he had deserved that much as it was Holmes who did much of the work.
Sherlock held onto her tighter as her scream got impossibly louder. Sherlock hadn't been sure it could get that loud. Her little face was red and she flailed in discomfort. "Shh... Shh, babe, it's alright," he murmured, quickly getting another layer to bundle her up in before putting her in a carrier. "She'll be fine John... right?" he asked, quickly throwing on some clothes himself.
Sherlock let out a breath, returning the pressure on John's hand. Mrs Hudson cooed and bounced Katherine gently, smiling down at her. She blinked a couple times, then tutted. "Someone needs changing," she murmured.
Sherlock hummed, not even sure what day of the week it was. He let out a breath, staying still and relaxed in John's arms.
Sherlock blinked a few times, finding it hard to think. "I don't know, whatever you want," he said, dipping down to nip gently at John's chest and neck, purring again. "Want you...please," he begged quietly, rocking forward a bit on John's hips. He rolled off of John, kissing down his chest, almost frantically.
He turned back to the lab work bench and started cleaning up. He had to let the thumbs soak overnight anyway.
Sherlock let out a breath, relaxing a little more as John leant towards him. He shivered a small bit when John's lips pressed to one of his marks, and he hummed softly.
Sherlock looked down at the arms around his waist, quirking an eyebrow before looking back up out the window.
Sherlock sighed, resting his forehead against John's. "Well don't make it," he said. "I've only been here a few days and..." he paused. "I'm not going anywhere," he said, looking up at John, whose breath smelled of whiskey. "Okay? I'm not," he said, "Most of the time doctors... they're behind the lines more. And two years... that's nothing. I almost spent four in that horrible place. At least you'll have purpose, something to look forward to?" he tried, wanting John to not be so distraught.
Katherine sniffled a couple more times, nodding a little to her Papa's questions. "Mm." was the only noise she made that was any kind of confirmation to what she'd heard. John nodded, nuzzling against Kat again.
John chuckled, folding his arms on the table and pillowing his head on top of them. He hadn't gotten much sleep last night, and damned if he wasn't tired. "She might get it from me. Or she's just a three year old that wants presents," he teased, closing his eyes and humming quietly.
Sherlock was staring down at his wrists, though he wasn't really looking at them. He kept thinking about what he could have done differently, fingers still picking, much how he would pluck at his violin. His hands needed to be busy when he thought, unless he was lying down. His wrist was bleeding a little, and he didn't notice when John finally sat down again.
Sherlock smiled again, though his smile fell a little when John said eight pounds. So, a small bowling ball. He sighed, looking at John's eyes. He really underestimated the beauty of them. He sighed, settling down next to John. "What do you want to do today? You can watch that show maybe? I was just thinking of putting together another song... feeling... I guess one might say inspired?"
He paused a moment though as John dressed her and situated on the bed. He thought about how he'd woken up, what he did to John. He couldn't risk that with Katherine in the bed. "I... maybe I should..." he trailed off, hand still loosely on his side.
Sherlock sighed, his brother might think this change was so easy coming, but it hardly was. While sale of humans was on the decline, any vampire with the ability to glamour can easily force a human to be theirs. But Mycroft was insistent, saying that if humans could abolish the sale of humans as they had some forty-six years before, then they should as well. Part of his belief that their kind was superior to humans.
," he begged in a small voice, trying to pull away. "S'hot... s'too hot." He tried to pull John's arm off him, starting to get a little more insistent.
John woke up late, nearly late enough for it to be lunchtime. He smiled when he felt Sherlock still beside him, getting the much-needed sleep that he deserved. He nuzzled against the back of Sherlock's neck before he slowly rolled out of bed, going to the bathroom before walking out into the living room, stretching as he gazed out of the window. He supposed he should make food or tea or something, but he didn't feel like it. He just wanted to stand and enjoy the late morning light filtering through a light cloud cover.
John swallowed happily, humming as he pulled off. "Perfect. You are so perfect," he murmured, crawling and kissing his way up Sherlock's body. He nipped at his collarbone and nuzzled at his neck, letting him catch his breath. "So responsive," he praised, licking over Sherlock's mark.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, looking at John. How had he not known that? He never would have brought it up, why he wasn't sure, normally he didn't care. Anything he could get on the handlers and Alphas at the house, though punishable, was worth it.
John leant against the doorframe, staring down at the knob for a long moment before he spoke. "I'm going to go sit in the living room. You're allowed to have the bedroom. Actually, I want you to. Call me if you need anything," he said, leaving the hall before his biological reactions pushed him to do or say something stupid.
"Playing with you, of course!" Jim put his thumbs in the pockets of his trousers, glancing down at Moran as he gave a last shuddering breath and died. "Good riddance, incompetent fool," he mutter lazily, kicking the dead man off the stage and ignoring the crunch his body made as it landed hard on the floor.
Sherlock moaned softly, shifting beneath John and rolling his hips up into John's hand. "Christ..." he breathed, thrusting up again. He still felt scared, and small, and wanted that to go away. "John....John remind me, I, I'm yours..." he begged quietly, reaching up and trying to nip at John's jaw, attempting to issue a challenge like he used to. "Just yours…" he murmured.
"You're alright," John breathed, quiet enough that only the Omega could hear him, pressing his lips to the back of Sherlock's shoulder. "You're not alone, alright?"
Sherlock sank down into the uncomfortable chair next to John and his foot proceeded to bounce as he observed the other couples, and the few Omega's that were there on their own, either their Alpha working or gone. He looked at the table next to him, seeing nothing but a stack of out-dated parenting magazines. "God, would it kill them to have something decent to read?" he murmured quietly, his fingers twisting a little bit where they were sitting in his lap.
"Just like old times," he murmured quietly. "Probably want to go to bed around nine then. And I think they're for eight hours," he said quietly, still not moving from where he was. He pulled Katherine away from his shoulder, as some of her drool was dribbling onto his neck. He wiped at her mouth a little with a spare rag and stretched her out across his lap gently, rubbing his stomach as she cooed.
"Someday," he whispered, "I'm going to ask you to put that mouth to work." He leaned back, smiling cheekily up at Sherlock and winking at him before moving to take the chicken from the microwave.
John let out a small breath, curling up on his side and nuzzling against Katty's hair. "I love you both," he murmured softly, his eyes closing fully. It only took a few moments before he fell into a deep sleep, far past the point of dreaming for a long time.
Sherlock didn't move, taking a moment to process what John just said, as if he'd missed it, misunderstood. "I...but you said...John..." he said, slowly, finally understanding what he was saying. "You lied," he said softly, feeling his stomach drop, knowing what that meant. "John, you...you said..." he shook his head, feeling almost sick again, maybe he would be sick, he threw up all the time now anyway. He tried to push himself up, but John's arms still held him. "You lied!" he said, his breath speeding up a little, not wanting to cry, he wouldn't. He'd done that enough, it wasn't fair. Stupid hormones…stupid…emotions.
Sherlock leant a little away from the intruding finger with a smile. "Yeah well, give it another month or so... I'll be made up of much more," he murmured, almost a little self-consciously. John called him gorgeous when he'd been rail thin, and when he was lanky but a bit muscled. But soon, well... he sighed. "I need to get some of this lotion... read about it; I don't want to be covered with hideous marks," he said, touching his stomach.
John noticed Sherlock's change and sighed, though he refused to apologise for his feelings and for telling the truth. Sherlock had asked, and he had been told. He reached out, touching Sherlock's thigh lightly before rolling onto his sigh. "I know you're mad," he said quietly, "but you wanted the truth and you got it. It's not like I was explicitly trying to die, it's just that I knew it was the most likely outcome."
"Morning." John watched Sherlock over the lid of his mug of coffee, noticing his wince when he walked. "You can call the hospital if you need me," he said, taking a sip of the strong liquid. "Anything mundane, Mrs Hudson is downstairs, and she'd be happy to help. Food and things; she's a good cook."
"I wish it wouldn't. I'd rather not think about you in that horrible place." John sighed, taking another sip of his tea and then following Sherlock's gaze to his mug. "Would you like some, love?" he asked, holding the mug out to him. "Probably wouldn't be a bad idea to get some liquids in you. And I'm assuming you haven't eaten yet?"
Sherlock smiled softly. "You're going to spend some time with your Gran Gran while your Papa and I go away for a little bit," he said.
Sherlock hummed when John's lips pressed firmly to his, and Sherlock stayed pliant against them. His breathing was a little uneven, and he met John's darkened gaze and smiled. He took up John's hand and placed it on his neck so that his fingers were on both marks, and he hummed. "Yours," he told John, still staring up at him.
"Sherlock..." John raised his eyebrow pointedly, taking a large bite out of his sandwich and motioning for the Omega to do the same. He reached for his glass, swallowing down a large drink before continuing eating until half of his sandwich was gone.
John awoke to Katherine mumbling something, and when he listened closer, it sounded like she was having a conversation with someone, probably remembering talking to the people from the A&E when she called. "Katty," he whispered, shaking her gently. "Katty, baby, wake up, please." Kat's eyelids fluttered open, and John smiled down at her, wrapping his arms tighter around her. "There you are, beautiful."
Sherlock curled up into a small ball, folding himself up as he rested his head close to John, tilting it up to be near his neck. He sighed, relaxing fully into the bed before he fell asleep entirely, finding it so easy now that he wasn't hurting so much.
"I guess I can understand that logic," John said with a smile, walking out of the room with Sherlock on his heels. He grabbed his jacket on the door, shrugging it on over his shoulders with a wince.
Things got better after that. John's nightmares went away, only popping up as much as they normally did, and then... less. Katherine didn't get sick again, save for a case of sniffles now and then, and a slight fever after getting her two month old boosters. She screamed like a banshee when she got those.
Sherlock leant forward and pressed a chaste kiss to John's cheek. "You want to help?" he asked. "Focus your attention... less spacing out. You can't afford to do that John. Don't have time to do it now, and I don't want you to dare do it over there. You can space out all you like when you come back," he said quietly, trying for a small smile.
John leant against the counter of the sink, holding Katherine protectively in his arms. Christ, he was exhausted, and he really wasn't sure how this day could get any more stressful. He really didn't want to challenge the universe and say that out loud, either. He held Katherine steady as she sicked up again, but it was mostly just dry heaves this time, and then she collapsed back against him, exhausted as well.
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. "Have to switch sides..." he said quietly. "Supposed to lay on my left side," he murmured quietly as he followed John into their room and walked along to John's side of the bed, sitting down.
Here it is. The continuation/conclusion of part four. I'm glad I got it up before I started school up again.
"What do you want?" Sherlock asked, taking a step back, but not turning away from him. "I don't belong to anyone anymore..." he said.
She sniffed again, her hand resting on his cheek. "Funny not-good bad. Jus’ funny," she said. Her brows pulled together a little and Sherlock could see her looking for something and he sighed a little.
Sherlock was still horrifically embarrassed. He slid off of the bed so that she could fix John's stitches. His hand went to his side and he winced, it hurt, but he ignored that, pacing the room a little.
Sherlock looked up at John when he mentioned that, leaning forward and nuzzling a little closer to John. It started to make him feel a little better, thinking about it...
Sherlock let out a breath, peppering small kisses to John's face. "I don't know... we've switched out your sleeping pills now, and you'll be getting lunch either that everyone else is making, or you're taking it from home," he said quietly. "Unless there's something else, and please be honest with me John. Is there anything else you're taking? Or is there food you get from somewhere else?" he asked.
Sherlock's heart started to slow down finally and he lifted one heavy arm up and stroked John's hair lightly. "H... happy Christmas," he murmured. "Now... if you could just... take a shower for the both of us... that'd be great," he murmured. Normally they would save it for morning, but they'd have a bouncing three year old on their bed soon enough. "Have to fill the stockings... forgot to do that... as well," he breathed.
"I know," John whispered, stroking his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I've been imagining my family dead because it just... it's better than thinking of where they could be." He pulled back, looking Sherlock up and down.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed, allowing his other senses to drink John in. He tangled their legs together gently, minding John's toes just in case. He nodded a little, "Yours, always,” he said, kissing John lightly. He nuzzled against John's jaw lightly and let out a slow breath. They sat in silence for a while, and Sherlock had never been so content.
Sherlock sighed heavily when he heard the bell ring, and grumbled as he got up, paying the delivery person and taking the food upstairs to the kitchen, setting it all out on the table and grabbing a couple plates.
Sherlock growled a little, hating the incompetence that the hospital seemed to take on in his absence. He sighed, willing to sit there, but he looked back at Katherine, realising she'd only eaten crackers that morning. He walked over, crouching. "Papa's still getting fixed up little one. How about we get you something to eat, hmm? They'll call me if something new happens," he said, holding out his hand.
John leant back a little to look at Sherlock, finding his hand and linking their fingers together. "I do want another, at some point," he said, lifting Sherlock's hand and kissing his knuckles. "Just not right now. Too much is happening right now. I couldn't... we need to wait a while. Another year, maybe. Then Katty will be five when we have the next one, and that works for me," he said, looking up at Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded, carrying her over to his chair. "Maybe she'll eat too... she's off schedule by two hours and all the screaming knackered her out," he murmured, combing through a bit of her hair to rouse the infant. He touched her cheek lightly by her mouth and she opened it up as if searching for something to suckle on. He felt horrible now... she was expecting to eat, not medicine. As if she hadn't had a hard enough day.
John pulled Sherlock closer, his hand moving up to card through his hair. "Oh, love, I know," he whispered. "It's alright, though. It's alright." He wasn't sure what else to say that Sherlock hadn't already heard today, so he just held him, comforted him, his lips pressed against his temple.
Sherlock looked over at John. "You look right in place with that heinous jumper," he said quietly, his mouth tugging a small bit in the same corner again. "Perhaps I should have puked blood on it when I had the chance."
John nodded, picking up some apple slices and eating them. “I'll put your email in my phone," he murmured. "I can't promise that they'll be consistent, but I'll try."
John smiled at the picture, a bloom of pride going through his chest. "Of course I'm up to it. Even if I wasn't, I would put on a face. I didn't just go through that to not see her." He reached out slowly, grimacing when he exposed the long cut on the inside of his arm, and gently combed through Sherlock's hair. "I got a couple tattoos," he said quietly, closing his eyes at the soft feeling of Sherlock's curls through his fingers.
Sherlock jumped a little when he heard the beeping, realising that it was John's alarm. He didn't move from where he was, turning his head over to see John disappear into the bathroom.
"I can get it, love," John murmured, soothingly massaging Sherlock's scalp. "You sleep, you need it." He rubbed his palm in calming circles over the expanse of the Omega's back, listening as his breathing steadied and he finally fell asleep.
John shook his head gently, reaching up to comb through Katherine’s hair. “No, baby. Mummies can have babies too. But I can’t grow a baby inside me, and not all mummies can either,” he explained, finding it only a little odd that he was having this conversation with an almost five-year-old.
John set the pan on the burner for Sherlock, moving to standing behind him while he tried out cooking. Whenever he hesitated or seemed unsure, John wrapped his arms around him and guided his hands, whispering instructions softly in his ear.
John smiled, resting his forehead against Sherlock's for a moment before kissing him softly. "Yeah she is. She's got a lot of you in her. Good thing, too. Can't have her walking around looking like a gruffly soldier, can we?" he teased gently, sighing and watching the two of them.
Katherine nodded, climbing up onto her booster seat on one of the kitchen. Sherlock wandered into the kitchen as well, pulling open the fridge and grabbing the box of what he knew was spring rolls, popping it into the microwave before sitting down adjacent to Katherine.
Sherlock rolled his shoulders a little. "I should see what's keeping them... might need some help or something," he murmured, standing up and starting towards the door.
“You already knew about it. You said that about me earlier…that I wasn’t going to be in London long. And then there’s…how are you…you didn’t have a pulse before. Is that some sort of joke?” he asked.
"Are we not going shopping, then?" John enquired, gesturing at the box and then the violin without opening his eyes. "Your call."
John made a small affirming sound which expressed his thoughts more than words could at the moment. He curled closer to Kat, wishing that he could take away all of the things that she had seen, give her her innocence back and let her grow up like a normal child. But he supposed that that had never been an option for her. "Wake me in the morning?" he asked, suddenly tired.
Sherlock kept eyeing John and Katherine all the way home, their daughter still quiet. At one point he was certain the four-year-old had fallen asleep, for which he was grateful. He let out a breath, "I've contacted Mycroft. Told him about what happened, at least what I know of it. I know he's busy with Lestrade, who's on leave but...this is important," he said softly. "I've asked for any CCTV footage from around your mother's home, try and find whoever did this. Get a face put on him..." he said softly, kissing Hamish's head as the infant slept held against his chest.
"Flamboyant?" Sherlock inquired, not sure how to interpret that particular piece of information. His eyes moved over the lift, the whole thing reeking of hospital, so he tried instead to focus on John's scent, not hard in the small space.
Mindy nodded, understanding. "He's coming whether you want him to or not, and whether you're ready for it or not," she said softly, combing her fingers through Sherlock's dark curls, something he was most likely going to pass on to Hamish as well. "It would be best to just accept that John isn't going to be here, but that he's coming back in a few months, and then you probably won't get to hold your son for a good week at least." She smiled a little, dropping her hand and taking Sherlock's in her own. "Everything will be fine, child. I promise."
He arrived at the abandoned, overgrown hotel forty minutes later, and he took half a moment to just stare at the building before he dove inside, drawing his longest knife as soon as daylight became filtered. He wasn't about to give away his gun; he wasn't that stupid.
Sherlock was stretched out on one of the metal slabs in a thinking pose, going over in his mind the different cases he'd done, the cold cases he was going through, as well as an ongoing one with another serial killer. He liked it in the morgue, it was quiet, even when Molly was there, as she quickly learned not to try and make conversation with him.
John smiled at the sight of the blanket on the sofa and pulled it over himself when he laid down. He smiled softly, pillowing his head on his folded arms and looked over at Sherlock, closing his eyes as he started playing.
John rifled through the kit, quickly digging out some gauze and rubbing alcohol. "Yes he does," he said, glancing over at Kat and giving her a soft smile. "That's why he's here, he needs Papa to help him get better, because that's what Papa does," he explained, turning his attention back to Sherlock and quickly setting about cleaning the stab wound.
John wrapped his arms around his sister, breathing deeply through his nose and working not to get upset again. He thought he had cried enough for one day.
Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath at the sudden movement, unable to stop smirking when he saw John's reaction to it. He shivered a little, seeing the shift in John's look though and god... it was something else.
John chuckled quietly, crossing over to the bed and lying down beside Sherlock. He combed his fingers through Sherlock's still-damp hair, untangling a couple knots. "You thinking? Or just relaxing?" he murmured, nuzzling against his shoulder and pressing a kiss through one of the holes in his shirt.
Sherlock smiled a little against John's mouth. "There you are," he murmured, resting his forehead against John's. "I'm not the only one that disappears in my head," he said, pressing more kisses to John's mouth, moving down to his jaw, and then his neck.
Sherlock's words brought a laugh and then a sob to John's lips as he climbed out of the tub, walking over to Sherlock and wrapping him up in his arms. "You've got Kat," he murmured, clinging to him. "She smells like both of us. And you can't, you can not abandon her. You cannot let your feelings get in the way of taking care of her, and then of the new one, alright?" He pulled back, cupping Sherlock's face in his hands. "You promise me, okay. Promise me."
Sherlock looked up at a window and froze, seeing a row of people on the other side. Some familiar, some not, but the ones that were...
John wasn't opposed to physical contact, but he usually wasn't one to give it so openly. Contact meant something, something personal, and he wondered what it meant that he hadn't been able to keep his hands off of Sherlock since the first night.
Sherlock closed his eyes, swallowing thickly. He was shaking a little, and tried to stop, but found it difficult. "I... I keep body parts in the fridge, John," he said, stammering a little, looking at him. He reached up and covered one of John's hands with his. Opening his eyes again he looked at John, still feeling nervous.
"And one could argue that you've done everything for me, seeing as had you not bought me, and had someone else, well... for one, I probably would have vomited blood all night until my stomach acid ate away at the rest of my internal organs and I'd probably have died from sepsis," Sherlock rattled off, still looking thoughtfully outside.
Sherlock sniffed quietly, not allowing anything else from himself. "You'd better," he said quietly, pressing himself against John gently. His eyes were closed and he couldn't help but relax against John, almost dozing lightly, listening to John's breathing and heartbeat under his head.
No, he had no intention of harming him. So John would feel a quite pleasant sensation past the initial sting. Sherlock was almost overwhelmed by the simple taste of him. Sweet, perfect. He could taste the complexity of the man’s life, down to him having holidays at the sea as a child. Tang of the salt air. At the same time, he could feel something else, something he never experienced while feeding. A sensation crept down into his chest and seemed to wrap around his heart. A tenuous connection. His hand slid up into John’s hair at the base of his skull and held him gently but protectively. His. All his, and he wouldn’t let another touch him. Ever.
John made a noncommittal noise, rolling his eyes, though he was smiling. "It's fine," he murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair and breathing in his scent. "I don't know, love. I'm drowsy, but I know it's still early. And the sleeping pills are only twelve hours or eight hours, depending on the brand..." he sighed. "I have to be up at five tomorrow," he murmured distastefully.
John snorted, eating more of his food. "Oh please. I'm the epitome of normal." He nudged Sherlock with his elbow. "You're brilliant. And I love you. And I'm glad you love me."
Sherlock shrugged a little; it did hurt a bit, but he didn't mind. "I'm not of age yet... isn't that one of those law things?" he murmured quietly.
John made a small noise, unable to do much else. "Don't lean on me," he whispered, gasping a little as his stomach twisted. "Hot. It's really... hot." His body trembled, and a few moments later he was getting sick again. His muscles were tight and achy, and Jesus fuck, was it hotter? "Thermometer," he demanded, pointing weakly to where he had put it.
The cabbie frowned at that. "Then perhaps something else for your fancy?" he asked with a wicked grin. “Have us some fun first. We've got time anyway," he said, pulling out a small bottle of pills and taking one out. He grabbed Sherlock's mouth and forced it open, shoving it down into his throat, forcing him to swallow.
"Want go to the park tomorrow," she said. "Can we?" she asked, pausing a moment. "Daddy can come to?"
Sherlock shook his head, climbing onto the bed and scooting close to John. He wriggled in behind him and had John half lying against him on his lap. "S'fine. I'm not that tired anymore," he said quietly, readjusting the cloth.
"You look so concerned," John commented lightly. "It's a good look on you. Caring." He leant over against Sherlock's shoulder, spooning some noodles into his mouth. "Thank you for this," he said, finishing the broth and setting the mug and spoon on the nightstand.
Sherlock looked around the living room when they finally walked inside. He let out a breath, shrugging off his coat as he walked and just letting it drop on the floor of the living room as he went down the hall to the bedroom. He didn't even take off his shoes when he climbed onto the bed and curled up on his left side. He would have preferred his right, but left was more comfortable and better for the pup.
"What?" John froze at the top of the stairs, leaning heavily on his cane. "Don't let him out of that room. I'm coming down there." He hung up, moving down the stairs as quickly as he could and hailing a cab once he was on the street.
He kept working – murder, kidnapping, suspected murder but obvious suicide, and a suicide which turned out to be a quite obvious murder. Another kidnapping, with an… unexpected ending. Sherlock had killed someone – not intentionally, but he'd got the gun from him in a struggle and at that point it was either him or the murderer. He chose the murderer. Still, he couldn't help but think of John as he saw the man lying there, hole in his chest.
John slid his hand across the sheets until his fingers brushed against Sherlock's, and he left them there, just touching.
Sherlock shook, sobbing continuously. Eventually, though, his sobs died down, and he hiccupped occasionally, gulping breaths of John's scent as if drinking it down. He shuddered, exhausted after about half an hour of crying. Eventually he tried to retreat to his head, but he fell asleep before he had the opportunity.
Sherlock winced at the tug in his hair, only humming more as it felt so perfect. He gave John a sharp stroke up, followed by another, and then more in quick succession before swallowing him down once more. He pinched lightly at John's thighs as he moved his mouth along John's length, rubbing John's legs and up his hips, pinching teasingly at the flesh.
“Yeah, thanks Mike. Hope it works out for you,” he said, patting Mikes arm and excusing himself to use the toilet.
John felt his heart breaking for the young Omega, his hand tightening around Sherlock's fingers as he glared down at the bed, wanting nothing more than to storm back into the auction house and tear all of them to shreds for putting Sherlock through that.
John smiled to himself, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and combing the other through his hair. "To me it felt like signing a death warrant. Like, if I got them, it would be as if I was expecting to die. And I wasn't. I was coming back to you, because I promised you." He stared blankly up at the ceiling. "And of course I'm yours. Since the moment I laid eyes on you," he murmured.
Sherlock was quiet a moment, letting out a breath. "I... you don't understand what it's like," he said quietly. "No one wants to be alone for it, and I... I always was. They locked us in a room the whole time alone, shouting at us through the door. It's horrible, un-dignifying, and even painful almost. My first one was... a little better, my mother stayed with me. One of the only times she really was around for me," he said, looking down.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, able to hold him tighter than he could hold Kat. He bit his lip, keeping down the tremble. "But there are so many others," he whispered, closing his eyes and nuzzling against Sherlock's hair. "I wasn't there for even a year and enough things happened for a lifetime."
"We're having hot chocolate when we get home," John declared, already having made up his mind. "Might even spike it with peppermint schnapps or something."
"Just... closer," John whispered, wrapping his arm around Sherlock and pulling him forward until their bodies were nearly pressed together. He tightened his arm around Sherlock, burying his face in his curls and crying quietly, internally grateful that Sherlock hadn't brought Katherine along.
"That's right. And then I'll come back and your Daddy won't be sad. Just like me when Daddy came back," John promised, combing through Kat's hair as she snuggled close to his body, Sherlock still asleep in his arms.
Sherlock was quivering slightly, a thin layer of sweat covering him. He watched John get up and strip, seeing his own swollen member. He blinked a few times, wriggling a bit on the bed. "Christ I... please, just, get your arse over here, John, I swear to god I..." he groaned a little, a whine tearing out of him as something akin to a pout formed on his lips.
John didn't complain at the sharp pain when Sherlock moved him, because he knew it meant that his Omega was going to be nearer to him. He sighed softly when Sherlock sat down, and he leaned in just a little closer to him, resting his head lightly on his shoulder and looking down at Hamish. "I don't know when I can be home," he replied softly. "Two months at least, probably closer to three. I need at least that for my toes to reset completely, and my heart is another problem completely." He sighed again, smiling softly at their sleepy son. "Have you texted Harry yet? About Katherine?"
John let out a long, tired breath, dropping his head back roughly on the pillow. He was worried, now, but there wasn't much that they could do except ride it out. He certainly wasn't going to
After the waitress left, Sherlock looked at John. "It's different then? My scent. Yours didn't change, but it's almost like I need it more... I don't like you leaving. Like when you go to work. I get antsy. And of course Lestrade hardly has any cases for me these days, probably Mycroft's doing," he murmured, not mentioning that when he was just about at five months, the sight of blood at a crime scene had made him get sick, the smell of it. He shivered. "Anyway, I'm stuck on cold case files," he said.
John's heart ached for Sherlock, and he combed his fingers gently through his hair. "No, love, I'm sorry. I'm sorry you have to go through this." He kissed Sherlock's forehead again. "You're still alive, though, and we still have one, don't we?" He rested his forehead against Sherlock's, looking him in the eyes. "We have to go on for this one. He or she is still healthy and alive, love." He cupped Sherlock's cheek, stroking his thumb over his cheekbone.
Sherlock swallowed, nodding a little as he watched John put the watch away. He sighed, pulling away a little to strip out of his clothes. He'd been wearing them for two days now.
Sherlock hummed as he was shifted in the bed, but settled quickly, already asleep all the way. He woke up in the early morning, not sure why he was awake until he heard the slapping feet down the stairs, advancing down the hall to their room. He smiled, then shut his eyes again, pretending to be properly asleep.
John stopped at the first row of headstones, turning to face Sherlock and cupping his face. "Love, look at me," he commanded softly, and he didn't speak again until Sherlock had complied. "Take a deep breath, hold it, let it out slowly, and then repeat. Please, just do this for me."
John shook his head, the back of his throat burning with tears. "What are you going on about? Stop it, Sherlock. Please. Please, just... I'm coming up, alright?" He started forward, stepping off of the pavement and onto the street.
"He walked away, locked himself in the lab. He won't open the door," Molly explained, and John cursed quietly.
Sherlock hummed a little, letting out a slow breath. "Wouldn't have... normally," he said. "Detest... hospitals," he said. He felt he had reason to – he'd been in one when he'd been taken the first time.
He had properly proposed to Sherlock a few weeks after Sherlock had brought it up, but they didn't have a date set up yet. Honestly, John just really liked seeing the silver band around Sherlock's finger.
Sherlock sighed, thinking a moment before he remembered John's question. "Fine... fine. Bit tender, but it's nothing," he murmured. "How's your ribs?" he asked, his hand moving up to brush across John's head where there was still a small bump.
Sherlock shivered a little as John's fingers moved down his back, humming a small bit. "S'pose not," he murmured quietly. He sighed, his eyes shutting again.
"Sorry," John breathed, tipping his head back with a soft hum, giving Sherlock better access to his jaw and neck.
Sherlock nodded, standing up and moving into the hall to dig through his bags, fishing out some clothes. After he'd grabbed them, he walked into the bathroom, stripping down and climbing into the shower, turning the water on hot and standing there, thinking.
John shook his head, linking his hand with Sherlock's. "They don't know how bad it is exactly, but it's not that bad," he promised. "I just know that I have a murmur right now, but it isn't consistent, so they think it's going to go away. I was lucky that the current found a way out of my body every time they shocked me, or I would have died, or been a lot worse off."
John raised his eyes at Sherlock, but he didn't argue, standing up with the plate and walking into the kitchen. He put most of the biscuits back into the tin, taking a bite out of one and setting it back on the plate. He trotted downstairs and left the tin in front of Mrs Hudson's door – she would understand – then returned to the living room, setting the mostly empty plate back on the mantle. He checked the time. Six and a half minutes was close enough.
"Apparently I can't leave until tomorrow morning," Sherlock mumbled, only half irritably, as he was to chuffed about the chips to let all of his irritability show at the moment.
Sherlock gave Katherine a spoonful of food, then a few more until the jar was gone and he took up his sandwich. "You really think so?" he asked, thinking. "Goodness... well, perhaps Mycroft doesn't know yet. If I don't, then... then he definitely doesn't. Good, yes, invite them to the party, I want to be there when he finds out," he said with a grin, eating his sandwich some.
John fell asleep a little after Sherlock, his hand falling from around his shoulders as he went limp. He woke a few hours later, not entirely sure what had stirred him awake. The flat was quiet, Sherlock was still sleeping, and both of them were warm. Sighing softly, he put his arm back around Sherlock's shoulders and fell asleep again.
"Sherlock," John whispered, threading his fingers through Sherlock's hair at the back of his skull, wrapping his arm around his waist. He himself was numb, entirely. He was done crying. He had spent his tears, and now he was going to be here for his mate. "Please. This is my last chance to hold you for a long time. Don't hold anything back. No barriers, alright?" he pleaded, rocking him gently and rubbing his back.
"Soon enough," Sherlock said with a small smile, rubbing his thumb over John's knuckles. "She's already lifting her head. Just needs to work on keeping it up," he said, smiling as her head flopped back down, getting too tired to hold it. Sherlock sighed, resting his head on John's shoulder.
John finished his sandwich quickly, squirming his way out of Sherlock's hold so that he could stand and take off his clothes. When he had tossed them over by the chest of drawers, he crawled back into bed, lying down beside Sherlock and holding him close. "You should sleep," he murmured, kissing him lightly and ghosting his fingers over his shoulders.
“You were attacked, mugged…or rather I should say someone attempted to mug you, as your wallet and its contents were still present in the alley,” he said, handing a glass of water to John, as well as a bottle of aspirin.
Sherlock was pulled away from the edge of the bed, John's arm tight around his waist. "Nooo..." he whined, almost sounding like Katherine, not able to help it, not in his right mind. "John...
"I'm going to get Katherine dressed," he said, walking out to the living room and popping another pill. Just one so he didn't get tired. He'd already had more rest than he had had in ages, so he felt better than he had in weeks. "Katty, sweetie we need to get you dressed, we're going to take Papa to the doctor," he said, waking her up gently and leading her upstairs, not able to carry her like he wanted to.
"Yeah," John murmured, "that's what Sherlock keeps saying." He walked over to help her, fixing his and Sherlock's mugs. "The only problem with that is that I don't
John was on his feet instantly, ignoring what felt like a crack in his ribs as he started jogging/limping in the direction of home. "Out. Sherlock, get out of there. Call Mycroft, do something. Don't be in the flat." He stumbled, cursing to himself as he pitched up against the side of a building. "Sherlock, I can't... I can't get home. I don't want to get there and find you gone." He was shaking, the thought of Sherlock being taken from him driving him nearly into a panic attack.
John reached over, pulling Sherlock back against him. "It's alright, love," he murmured softly. He held Sherlock tightly, rubbing his hand over his side and chest, kissing his neck. "It's alright." He wished he knew if he was telling the truth.
"John. Hi." Molly smiled, walking over to her friend and wrapping him in a short hug. She cocked her head when she pulled away, noticing something different about the Alpha's scent, something that didn't quite belong to the John she usually pictured. She decided not to mention it, turning instead to the lanky boy by the body she had just received.
John hummed, backing off to go get his gun, checking to make sure that the clip was full, then slid his knife into his pocket and walked back into the living room.
"Such a naughty boy," John murmured. "Trying to take what you want without permission." He tutted, nibbling down the inside of Sherlock's thigh and up the other one. "Oh, but look at how you beg for it," he murmured lustfully.
Sherlock sighed. Three months couldn't come fast enough. He thought about the day ahead, and sighed. "We still visiting Harry and your Mother?" he asked. "She's just going to badger me about a baby shower again," he murmured.
Sherlock let out a breath. "Personally a triceratops would be a tad uncomfortable so I would prefer not to have one of those." he said with a chuckle, pressing a kiss to John's jaw. He stretched a little, getting up to rustle Katherine's hair.
John moved to keep up with Sherlock, stepping into the lift beside him and leaning back against the wall. He reached into his pocket and took out his phone, reading the message that he had received from Harry. "Yeah, she says we can come over for as long as we want. She also snapped at me for not visiting sooner." John rolled his eyes, putting his phone back into his pocket and stepping out of the lift when the doors opened.
John turns down an alley, a shortcut he’d started taking rather than going all the way around the block and having to back track. Yes he was walking to help time pass, but that didn’t mean he had to be inefficient about it, he was still a solider after all.
"You were too small to remember my promise, Katherine. You were one of the only ones I told... I promised I would come back, but that your Papa couldn't know," he said, reaching up cautiously and gently touching her hand. He expected her to pull her hand away.
"Not something I would have expected by you, but I'll take it." John sighed, holding Sherlock closer and just breathing him in for a moment. "Whatever it takes to be able to hold you like this and have it go both ways."
Sherlock shook his head. "No...took a bit of syrup to try and prevent my cold." he mumbled, "Don't think it's working, and I'll be fine...just need a coat and scarf...some gloves." He murmured, nuzzling close to John. "I want to give you a boy." he said quietly, "I really do. I want him to look like you..."
Sherlock growled a little as John took away the bottle. "I can't do this again!" he said. "I can't have...this," he said, gesturing to his stomach. "alone, I can't...have her alone. When you were in that hospital she wouldn't even talk to me!" he said. "You almost died last time John...they almost took you away forever..." he said, gulping air down, having trouble breathing and almost feeling like he was going to be sick. He'd been more temperamental since he'd been pregnant and now this wasn't helping.
Jim hummed, leaning back against the windowsill. "Mm, yes. Your mate and your precious daughter. And your landlady and that useless DI as well, I suppose. But you come alone," he warned. "And believe me, I will know if you told anyone, and then all bets are off."
Sherlock held still as John directed his arms, instructing him on how to use his gun. He swallowed, letting out a breath as he felt John standing behind him. He nodded. "Seems simple enough," he said, flicking the safety and shoving it into the back of his trousers, under his coat. He looked at John, "You're good with that knife, yes?" he asked.
"That's the fourth time she's done that," he said, tucking her arm back a little. "I had to ask the nurse to bump up the heat in the room so she wouldn't get cold.”
to be pissed at you. And two, because you don't bloody remember it. You remember everything, and it seriously worries me that you don't remember doing something so drastic."
dangerous and it would give you a place to live in the meantime. Or you can just believe that that is true and move in anyway because you’ve already made up your mind and the longer you sit there and waffle on it the more miserable you’ll be,” Sherlock said bluntly.
"I'm sorry that they hurt you," John breathed, hardly loud enough to hear. "I'm so sorry that you had to go through that." He reached out for the Omega's hand, stroking his fingers lightly over his knuckles.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's, "Sooner we do, the sooner we're back," he said quietly with a small smile. He straightened himself up, grabbing his scarf up from the footboard and wrapped it around his neck. "After you," he said, waiting to follow John.
He leant up on his toes, kissing him gently. "Come on. It's a bit of a drive," he said softly, walking around to the other side to slide into the driver’s door.
Sherlock nodded again, swallowing thickly as he ducked into his mind palace for a minute. What would be a short amount of time in the cab, would be longer in his head. He walked up to John's wing of his mind palace, placing his hand on the door and letting out a breath. Swallowing, he pulled out the chain around his neck which along with the tags now held a key, which he used to lock the door. He'd pulled out what he needed, what he would allow himself of his mate while he was gone and put it in a safe place. And just in case...he did have the key, though he would endeavor not to use it. Sherlock pulled out as the cab stopped, and climbed out, taking John's hand when offered. It hurt less now, having locked majority of the pain away into that wing where it would stay, because he couldn't lose it either. He swallowed, squeezing John's hand a little as they were lead to the terminal.
fucking that handsome Alpha of yours." Moriarty tutted, walking over to the window and leaning his hip against the frame. "Of course I don't blame you. I'd be all over him, too, if he were mine.
John finished making his coffee, turning around with the mug in his hands, his weight on his left foot and his lower back leaning against the counter. "You look anxious. Everything alright?" he asked, taking a long sip on the coffee, a lot sweeter than he had grown accustomed to after drinking nothing but the potent black stuff they had served in the medical wing.
Sherlock hummed a little. "Both?" he murmured quietly, his eyes still closed. He tuned his head to look at John, blinking a couple times. "I'm... happy that you're back John," he said quietly. "It feels... better," he murmured.
He let out a breath, then headed down the opposite way. They were close enough after walking so long, and he made his way back to the one place he really didn't want to go.
Sherlock let out a shaky breath, dragging his eyes up to John. It felt so warm, and uncomfortable, though not as much as normal. Normally he was on floor in a room, and alone. He shook, wanting just to disappear.
Sebastian shot two holes in the door, low enough so that he wouldn't hit anything major, even if he hadn't known that Sherlock wasn't near the door. Laughing quietly to himself, he quickly left the flat. His whole purpose tonight had been to warn off the doctor and to scare Sherlock. Mission accomplished. Now he could go home.
"Hold still Katty... nearly done," Sherlock murmured, finishing her hair. He looked down at her and sighed. "You go get a pair of stockings, or your legs are going to freeze," he said, looking at her bare legs. "The white ones; I'll help you get them on."
"Do you think... it would be advantageous to... to see someone about that? Counsellor or whatever it is people do?" Sherlock asked quietly, not wanting to push John.
Sherlock was dragged up on the stage by the leash attached to his collar. He stumbled a bit, his hands bound behind his back as punishment for earlier shoving an Alpha away in defence. His breaths were shaky, and he swallowed thickly, trembling slightly. The bruise on his side from being kicked wouldn’t show up until after he was sold, and they would make sure he sold.
John laughed, poking Katherine's side again as he grabbed his wallet and went downstairs to get their food. He quickly trotted back upstairs, setting the bag on the table and getting out plates and forks for them both. "Come sit down," he called, dishing her chicken out onto her plate and dumping his low mein and broccoli onto his own.
God... that felt so long ago. More than five years. He sighed, glancing up at John, rings under his eyes on his thin face. "I'm so sorry," he said again; he couldn't help but apologise again.
Mindy looked up at Sherlock, hearing the hesitancy in his voice. "What is it, child?" She took in the mask he had put on, the pain and fear she could see through it in the tremble of his leg, the stiffness of his back, and the clench of his hands. "Why are you so afraid? And don't lie, please. Save us the trouble."
Katherine pouted as John carried her downstairs. She settled into her chair and reached out for he favorite jam, not quite able to reach it. Sherlock sat up as soon as he heard John speak, reaching out methodically to spread jam on Katherine's and then John's toast. " Mmfine." He murmured quietly, rings under his eyes, though he carefully controlled his expression for Katherine, as he would for the next year and a half.
Sherlock swallowed, shaking himself a bit. "Perfectly fine," he said, turning and starting towards the steps. John was an adult, he could do as he liked.
The first two men were silent kills. John was able to creep up behind both of them, cover their mouths and snap their necks, and then slowly lower them to the ground before either even had time to turn around. They were Afghani, as he had suspected, and were planted as confidence boosters, because the next ones weren't so easy, and they got fairly messy.
Sherlock was shoved back against the wall, his head smacking into it. He winced, blinking spots out if his eyes.
John chuckled, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's forehead. "She'll be well taken care of. I've already baby-proofed everything. And the kitchen is off-limits as soon as she's even slightly independent."
John ate a little longer, having only had the soup today. Finishing his milk, he stood and took their dishes to the counter, dumping out any food not eaten and putting the dishes in the sink. "Going to need to wash dishes soon," he said, walking back over to Sherlock and taking his hand. "Come on, let's go to bed."
John didn't reply, kissing Sherlock back for all he was worth, hoping to convey more than he could put into words. He ran his hands all over Sherlock's body, skimming over the silk of his skin before tangling in his hair. He rolled them over, trapping Sherlock beneath him. His lips left Sherlock's and travelled down his neck to his collarbone, pausing at his pulse for a moment before continuing.
"Harry Watson?" John turned at the voice of a stranger and followed it to a doctor walking towards them. Harry stood and was by his side in a moment, and they were soon both walking over to the doctor, John pausing a moment to wait for Sherlock.
John paused, not really sure how to answer. "Omegas can have babies," he said. "That's all." He smiled, reaching out to cup her cheek. "We don't know what you are yet. We'll just have to wait and see. It's a surprise." He wiggled his eyebrows to make it more exciting.
“I released them,” Mycroft corrected. “And now, I will fulfill the promise I made to Father when I said I would always look after you. And I will not watch you die,” He said, taking another step towards Sherlock.
Sherlock shook his head, "Not unforeseen, no. I'm done with the unexpected in regards to our lives. A case, I'm fine with, our lives...not anymore. We'll go when Katherine's school lets out, and go back for that, unless Hamish has an appointment. He's just had his two month boosters a bit ago...gave him a fever," he said quietly, kissing John's temple. "Just us..." he said softly, thinking to himself as the cab went along the London streets. They finally got home, and after some work Sherlock just gave up and lifted John, despite his protests, carrying him up the stairs. He helped him down the hall to their room, Hamish's bassinet in the corner.
"Don't leave me," John gasped out in a shaky voice, clinging tightly to Sherlock. He wasn't sure if he meant in the long run or right then and there, maybe he just meant in general, but he didn't want to be left alone again.
Sherlock's stomach dropped when he was met with the empty loading bay. No John. He felt himself on the edge of panic and being sick, but he shoved all of that aside. He thought for a moment. How far could they have gotten? Really though, in a car, they could be anywhere, but they wanted Sherlock, so closer was likely.
Sherlock smiled a little, eyes closing a small bit. "Yes, I'm playing that card... and thank you," he murmured.
"Sherlock Holmes?" The doctor that had been treating John stepped into the waiting room, looking around for the Omega.
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know, that was just observing. And I could always take courses online. Like I said, I could probably just test out of classes, I was going to do that anyway before all of
Sherlock whined when his arms were removed from around John, not wanting to let go of him, he'd rather have John more than air right now...breathing was boring. He leaned back into John despite the Alpha forcing him forward and he bit down on his lip. He strained a little, trying to turn around again, wanting to curl back around him. He sucked in a breath, only to have his lungs shove it back out again as he tried to form words, arguments against the world for doing this to them again but noting came out except for small breathless noises.
Mindy circled her arms around Sherlock, holding him tightly. She rubbed his back, rocking him a little. "I know," was all she said, murmured into Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock's breath hitched a little as the inner part of his thigh was touched, biting on his lip a small bit. He hummed, blinking a couple times. "No... proved you right," he said breathlessly, his hips shifting a fraction. He hummed, feeling himself start to stiffen, hips moving again slightly.
Christ, John knew he wasn't ready for pups, and he was nearly four years older than Sherlock. Neither of them seemed to be parent material, at the moment, at least.
Sherlock pulled back a moment later, his nose just barely brushing against John's as he kept his eyes down, ears a little warm.
John found his hands cupping Sherlock's face again, staring at him steadily. "You're a genius, Sherlock, but sometimes you can be a little dense." He stroked his thumbs over Sherlock's cheekbones, smiling kindly at him. "Of course I want this. Why the hell would I be mad at you?"
John was exhausted by the time he landed, and his body was demanding that he sleep, and that he do it immediately and for a long time, but he needed to see Sherlock. He needed that more than sleep, and certainly more than painkillers. He had the bed inclined just enough so that he was partially sitting, enabling him to hold Hamish if Sherlock would let him.
Katherine sighed, swinging her feet, mood slightly diminished at the mention of bedtime. "Daddy's gonna have best birthday ever. Papa's home...and soon Papa and me's gonna have the bestest birthday ever and I'm going to be
Sighing, John forced himself to stop thinking. "I appreciate it, thanks." What would come, would come; he just hoped for the better.
"I can't smell you," Sherlock said quietly, a small tone of regret in his voice. He wanted that feeling of comfort that he hadn't felt in what seemed like a lifetime, but what if he never got that back? What if it wasn't the same even when he could know John's scent again?
"Hey, baby," John said with a bright smile, forcing his hand to lift without shaking so that he could comb through her curls. "How are you, sweetheart? Papa's okay, he's just got a few owies." He cupped her cheek for a moment, then tickled her side for a moment until she gave a small giggle. "There's my brave girl. Everything's alright. It's not your fault Papa's in here. Don't worry."
Sherlock noticed the wince, and let out a breath, knowing what it was. He didn't say anything though, perhaps it was time to get Katherine interested in something...non-Sherlockian. Katherine paused with a large bite half way to her mouth. "But Papa," she whined, looking towards Sherlock as if he would let her off the hook. He swallowed, then nodded towards John.
Sherlock felt his heart seize up in his chest, his stomach dropping. "No," he said, swallowing. "No they can't...they can't!" he said, clinging onto John tighter. "I won't let them...Mycroft, he will fix this." he said. "Make it so that they can't pull you. He can do this; I promise please...we'll fix this."
"We can do something, I guess, but I don't know what." John turned and looked over at Sherlock, letting his guard down for a moment so that Sherlock could see all of the pain he had been hiding. And then the mask was back in place and it was gone, the way he had watched Sherlock do any number of times.
"How'd Papa meet Daddy?" she asked, hearing one of the older kids at day-care talking about her mum and dad, how they met.
” the name was pulled out of his mouth a moment after the man’s eyes opened, the entire recollection taking a second or so. He knelt instantly at his side, his hand moving to push away the human’s, which was covered in blood, pressing it firmly to the wound.
Sherlock looked up, his ears reddening a little. He watched the two of them come in, picking up Kat and cradling her in his arms. Her tiny arm flung out again, fingers wriggling under the little mitts.
He knocked on Mrs. Hudson's door, asking if she could watch Katherine for a little bit. That John had taken ill and that he didn't want her to get sick. "If she gets too fussy I can come down and handle it," he offered, to which Mrs. Hudson said nonsense, she could handle it. Sherlock moved back upstairs, picking up his phone again.
"Took my spot, Papa," Katherine whispered a quietly, climbing up onto the sofa and curling up in the gap between their legs, not wanting to hurt Sherlock. She leant against the other armrest, pulling the blanket on her a little and watched the telly again.
Sherlock sighed, sinking into his chair and looking at the small mountain of biscuits. "I'm not prepared in the slightest for that," he said, looking over at John.
He picked up his mug of eggnog and sipped off of it, glancing over at Mindy with a small nod, letting out a breath.
Sherlock ushered Katherine into the cab and then climbed in as well, watching as John eased himself in. Katherine sat opposite Sherlock and Hamish, scooting close to John. Sherlock sighed, "Katty, I'm not angry at you okay? I promise, it's just when you do things like run towards the street it scares Daddy. I don't want you getting hurt," he explained. "The likelihood of that happening is high if you insist on running haphazardly into the street, running is best saved for parks, fields, the playground at school, or the gymnasium," he said, glancing at John.
John looked after Sherlock for a moment before he finished getting dressed, pulling on the jumper Sherlock had given him for Christmas. He walked into the bathroom then, leaning against the counter and combing Sherlock's curls. "You got this awful early, didn't you?" he murmured, referring to the morning sickness. Usually that waited a few months.
He swallowed. "Do... do we have the after heat pills?" he asked quietly, a small part of himself hoping that John had forgotten them. That was one thing that hadn't changed. Sherlock eventually stopped apologising all the time, and acting as timid around John, but he still wanted another pup, but he didn't voice this. He would wait for John.
"I don't want to be in the way. Or raise your rent," Sherlock stated quietly. "Already cost you enough money ‘m sure," he mumbled as well, sighing again. He bit back the urge to ask once more for him to stay, because that was just ridiculous.
John chuckled softly, nuzzling his way up to Sherlock's hairline and then kissing his way back down.
John took Sherlock's hand, holding tightly to it as they left the shop. He called for another cab, climbing in after Sherlock and giving the cabbie the name of the cemetery. "It's the only one I know," he murmured quietly. "The grave sight, I mean."
Sherlock smirked a little, glancing over at Kat's bouncer. "I have her schedule down. She was changed, fed, had tummy time. I'd say we have at the very least an hour. The most, two," he said, pushing away from the counter and stalking over to John. He cupped John's face with both hands. "You know, noodles don't take all that long to cook..." he said quietly, leaning over and sucking John's earlobe into his mouth. It had been far too long. "And I'm not sure I'm quite hungry enough for it," he murmured, nibbling on his ear.
“Why haven’t you just…killed me?” he asked, Sherlock could hear the anger and exhaustion in his voice, this man was past the point of being afraid. Which was odd, considering his position.
Today it took thirty-five, and John decided to skip breakfast as he stepped out of the shower, towelling off and walking back into the bedroom with the towel around his waist. He didn't notice Sherlock awake, only that he'd rolled over, and quickly hunted for clothes, slipping them on as quietly as possible before making his way into the kitchen.
She'd been told to try and not tell the truth, that John couldn't know for his safety, for Katherine's safety. John just had to wait a little longer. "John... think about Katherine..." she said. "Don't make her lose you too," she said.
Sherlock was almost close to actually coming with John nibbling at his jaw, and he blinked his eyes open when John suddenly pulled out of him. Before he could even know what was happening he was rolled harshly onto his stomach, and he sat himself up on his knees just as John pushed back into him. He gave a yelp of half pleasure, half pain, which really only made it better.
Sherlock blinked. "I'm sorry, surgery?" he asked. "Fifteen minutes, as in fifteen minutes during which someone could have told me, his mate, that he was even going in?" he asked, probably harsher than he should have. It wasn't her fault, but Sherlock had gone through too much in the last two years for something to happen.
John didn't stir, his breaths coming slow and shallow, his eyelids never fluttering. He hadn't moved since he had fallen asleep, and he was dead to the world.
Sherlock groaned a little, curling tighter. He took a shaky breath. "Th-this ruins everything," he murmured. "W-was making plans... f-fake a c-case. G-get you to go out..." he said, shaking his head a little. "Wanted to do something s-special for you," he said quietly, opening his eyes to look up at John.
Sherlock looked at the two of them, smiling. He wouldn’t allow himself to doubt that Mindy would be fine. She had to be, something had to go right for once. It had to. For now there was little they could do, and he knew John knew that. They could go to the hospital and wait, but that would be more stressful on the children, Katherine especially. No, they were better there waiting for the same answer they’d be given at the hospital, best to keep Katherine feeling safe at home. He continued to hold Hamish up, the infant squealing happily after his small kip. He reached towards John, making small grabby fists towards him.
Sherlock listened quietly, tilting his head up to look at John as he spoke. "That's... interesting," he said quietly, trying to think of what any of that could mean. "Probably is nothing, just merging things that are on your mind," he said, pressing a small kiss to John's jaw. He let out a breath, looking at John's tea.
"Roll over," John commanded, leaning back and guiding Sherlock onto his stomach, lifting his hips in the air and spreading his knees. "So beautiful," he murmured, leaning over Sherlock's back to press bites across his shoulders and down his side.
"You keep talking like that," John warned, "and I'm going to make you ride me with your hands tied behind your back, and I'm just going to lay there." He bit Sherlock's neck hard and held tight to him as he walked into the bedroom, fishing for the bottle of lube without letting him down. He pinned him up against the wall again, holding him with his hips as he slicked up his fingers and pushed two inside Sherlock without pre-empt.
"You wouldn't have held me back, even if you did still hold the card of my ownership," Sherlock said, returning to his violin with a glance up at John.
out. Sherlock himself wasn't that good with emotion, but he knew it was just eating away at John, and he wasn't letting any of it out.
Eventually, the sun started to creep up, and Sherlock's eyes pulled shut a little, dozing lightly. He was amazed at how easy it was to nap now.
John beamed, wrapping his arms tightly around Sherlock. "Good, I'm glad." He let the silence wrap around them for a moment, just enjoying Sherlock beside him. "Maybe you should call Lestrade, then," he suggested. "Just... ask him to give you a call if he needs help. That way you can keep busy and go to uni and get a degree, and then work your way up by yourself."
Sherlock jumped a little bit when she snipped at the first stitch. "Ah!" he hissed a little in pain, more sensitive as he was in the middle of a heat. He looked over at John a moment, then looked down. "I don't... feel right," he said. "It's supposed to not be hard now. I don't feel right," he said, trying to cover his wound again, not wanting the stitches touched again, despite already having a few already cut off, and it was no doubt bleeding again.
get that from you, just as I get it from you by sheer association alone. Just being around you John...I am a better person for it," he said softly, loving John's touch on his back, relaxing into it. He heard Hamish coo a little, his feet kicking at the bottom of his bassinet. "He's going to be needing a crib soon. He's getting big," he murmured quietly, tucking his head under John's chin as he curled close, humming a bit as his eyes shut.
Sherlock woke up to it, again, and rolled out of bed to go and pace the flat, the only thing that made it feel less uncomfortable. "She'd better be a quiet infant like you said," he muttered, mostly to himself, as he paced the living room, more at a bit of a waddle, which he hated. He was always uncomfortable, it seemed.
Sherlock blinked a few times, relaxing into John's arms a bit. He sighed. "He would leave while I was still unconscious. You know, sometimes I think he likes to pretend I had died in that crash too. Can't stand being around me while I'm awake," he mumbled quietly.
When the cab pulled in front of Bart's, Sherlock climbed out, looking at the building and forcing himself to relax a little. It would probably be the last time he was here for a while anyway.
John glanced over at Sherlock, watching his profile, the way the sun reflected off his hair and cast his already pronounced cheekbones into sharper definition.
Sherlock let his arms fall down, staying limp as they rolled over and his head rested on John's shoulder. His breathing was still erratic, and he didn't open his eyes yet. "Mm... good... christ... perf-fect," he murmured softly, still trembling a little.
Sherlock took the day to explore around the flat more, organising the bookshelf and several other things around the flat. He was up so much that by one o'clock he was curled up on the sofa, asleep.
"Wait, what?" John asked when Sherlock turned to him. "We've only been here five minutes." He followed him out anyway, easing down the stairs and trying not to bump into people. "Sherlock, where are we going?"
She took it happily, shredding the paper in what he was sure was record time. She gasped. "Violin!" she said, bouncing up and down. "Like Daddy's!!!" she said, jumping up to show the both of them.
"Goodnight, baby," he whispered, bending over to kiss her forehead again, tucking her hair behind her ear and cupping her cheek, stroking his thumb gently over it. "Sleep well. I'll see you in the morning."
John leant into Sherlock's hand for a moment, closing his and just breathing. Then he quickly gave his palm a kiss and got out of bed. "What are you waiting for, then, lazy?" he teased, already working at taking the sheets off.
John nuzzled against Sherlock a little more, kissing a gentle pattern up to his hairline. "I don't know," he murmured, brushing his lips over Sherlock's ear. "What would you like to do today?" he asked, closing his eyes again and resting his cheek against Sherlock's shoulder. "Enjoy some piece and quiet while we have it?" he teased, rubbing his hand over Sherlock's belly before resting his palm over the back of Sherlock's hand.
John huffed out a breath, shutting the door behind him and glancing at Sherlock. "I'm glad you took my advice and started sleuthing around," he teased, gently nudging Sherlock's side with his elbow. "You're ridiculous, though. Dead bodies tend not to go anywhere."
Sherlock shivered a small bit when John's lips pressed against his bondmark, as he was hoping John would do. Well he'd known John would do it actually, part of the reason he'd rolled over, he knew that John wouldn't have been able to help himself. He sighed, leaning back into John and covering his mate's hand with his own. "I love you too," he murmured quietly, letting out another breath. "Really try and go back to sleep John, you need the rest. I'm here alright?" he said, rubbing the back of John's hand.
Sherlock nodded. "I know," he murmured softly. "I know there are a lot, but we'll let them out... and let them go, one at a time," he said quietly. "Then they won't seem so heavy to you," he said quietly. "And someday they won't be all that heavy at all. Probably just in time for when this one will be getting heavy," he said, touching Katherine's cheek slightly.
She blinked her eyes open, inhaling a little sharply and looking around for a moment, as if she wasn't sure where she was. Her eyes fell on her Papa and she let out a breath, yawning a little as she rubbed one of her eyes.
Sherlock sighed, climbing out of the cab after paying. He reached into John's pocket quickly and fished out the keys, letting himself in first.
"Mm... Father was a politician and worked mostly out of the country, America a lot of the time. Mother worked from home but often went away to France to take care of Grand-mère," he murmured. "That was when she wasn't traveling with Father," he explained. He hummed a little, rinsing the soap from his hair.
John stayed where he was, his gaze a little fuzzy as he thought through these past weeks, Sherlock's odd behaviour. He had heard Sherlock get sick once more after the first time, in the middle of the night when John had barely been asleep. Sherlock was sleeping more, fussing more, and now this, the nervous evasive manoeuvres.
"Mm don' want you gone that long. The sandwiches from the cafe... jus' bring them cold," Sherlock murmured, his fingers tracing through some of the thin, short, blond hair on John's chest.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's shoulders, nuzzling into his neck and kissing him. "And don't think mine are so great," he whispered, pulling away. "I got all of them from being stupid or making rash decisions and rookie mistakes." He tapped his shoulder. "Turned my back to the enemy without sufficient cover. Got all but one of my men killed because of a stupid mistake."
John moved Hamish to his left hip, pulling Katherine onto his right thigh and holding her close. "I know you are, Katty," he said gently, smiling as he kissed her. "You've always been my big, strong girl, haven't you?" he asked nuzzling against her as he bounced Hamish a little. "Pretty soon, you're going to be as tall as I am, and then maybe even taller," he said, wiggling his eyebrows a little to make her laugh.
There was no response – there wouldn't be. Mycroft had heard what he needed, and to offer congratulations would be downplaying the bad news, to offer condolences would be downplaying the good. Silence was the opted-for route.
"A while, yes," Sherlock said quietly, doing the torturous thing and leaning into John's hand more, allowing himself to enjoy it, and he couldn't help the small smile tugging at his mouth, knowing it wouldn't last. But he would enjoy it while it did.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock's timidness, reaching out and wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's wrists.
, and I'm not in the habit of sharing." He looked away, taking a deep breath to stamp down his possessiveness. "I'm not letting him take you from me," he finally said, his voice a little smaller. "I'm not losing you. Not when I just got you back."
John stroked Sherlock's hair back from his forehead, kissing his skin gently. "I don't want you to suffer," he murmured, his lips skimming the Omega's forehead, "but I'm not going to force onto you something you don't want. If you want to spend your heat alone, that's fine, but I'll help you through it if you change your mind."
John trotted along beside the gurney as Sherlock was wheeled from the lobby, knowing he wouldn't be able to stay with him the whole time.
John didn't sleep, watching the clouds out of the window without seeing them until the sky turned dark and all he could see was his own reflection. He snapped the blind shut, biting his cheek until he tasted blood, and then he kept biting it, the sting helping him focus his energy on calming down.
John glanced outside at the slush that was now the new hazard for public transport. He and Katherine would be walking today, just in case. He looked over at her, a little startled at the sudden question. "Well..." he stared, unsure how to answer. “When Papa met Daddy, people like your daddy, who are called Omegas, weren't treated very nice. Your papa met your daddy in a bad place, and Daddy came home with him because Papa was nice." He figured that was a decent enough three-year-old version. Eventually, if she was curious, he could probably tell her the whole thing, but for now, that was fine.
Sherlock let out shaky sigh, burying his face into John's shoulder, pressing his lips to his scar. He shivered in his damp clothes, shaking his head a little. "I can't," he said quietly. "I can't have it by myself...I can't do that again without you John..." he said, knowing that begging John wouldn't change anything. He couldn't help it. Katherine's scent wasn't the same, if anything it would be a reminder of what he didn't have.
John circled his arms around Sherlock's neck, pulling him closer and breathing in his scent. He combed his fingers up through Sherlock's hair, letting the motion calm him, if only a little.
John closed his eyes, just enjoying being close to Sherlock; enjoying his smell, his taste, the feel of him unfolding beneath his ministrations.
"Sherlock?" John called, politely knocking on the bathroom door before he stepped inside, lowering himself to the floor beside the pale boy.
"I've already waited nine months though." he said with a sigh, he met John's gaze, continuing with whatever look it was John accused him of. "I
Katherine made a cooing noise, and Sherlock smirked, picking up the rag he had on his lap and standing. He moved over and draped it over John's shoulder. "I know, I
Sherlock purred as John nipped at his bite, humming and closing his eyes as he bit down a bit harder, pressing into him. He moaned a little, leaning back into his John, reaching back with his left hand to comb through John's hair, tugging it lightly. "A little," he breathed, feeling himself stretch slightly more around John.
Sherlock didn't move from where he was on the bed, still curled up around John's pillow. The hesitation in John's voice hurt him, as if he was afraid of Sherlock. "You were going to go to that place...letting me pretend everything was okay..." he said quietly. "As okay as it could be. And what would have happened if I got a letter, or if someone came to our door...and all I could think was that my mate, my John, wasn't supposed to be in combat," he said quietly, his voice flat, eyes rimmed red from the tears he'd cried away into the pillow.
Katherine was happy to hear what you said about her drawings, hasn't really stopped since. I hope this letter finds you back on base and tucked away in your hospital, as a doctor and not as a patient. I love you. I feel like maybe I don't say it enough in my letters. I am eating, and Maria assured me that I am at a healthy enough weight, and that the pup...our son, Hamish. Is healthy as well. After this month there will only be four to go. Mindy has been helpful, you sure you're not writing her as well, telling her what to say to me and what not? I like to think that my own mother might have been this supportive, but I suppose I can never know that.
"We like to watch you dance," Sebastian said, letting his voice echo around the auction house. "You're a very interesting Omega, and Moriarty likes to play with his food before he eats it." Sebastian had to keep from chuckling as Sherlock glanced around. "Study the watch, whelp. That's your only clue." And then he left.
John made a small noise, pushing to his feet and padding from the room. "There are other medications that can help, though," he said, pushing his feet into his shoes. "Something to bring down the fever that's building and something to settle my stomach. Just need to go write a prescription." He reached out for his jacket, looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. "I'll be back in less than forty-five minutes, I promise."
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little as he thought. "Hmm...we should go out, all of us," he murmured, giving Katherine a small squeeze. "She'll be starting school next term since she'll be five," he said softly. "Why don't we look at a couple schools, and get some lunch, maybe go to a park," he said, kissing John's jaw. "That way you'll know where she'll be...and I'll send you reports and grades," he said, smiling a little. "I won't allow you to miss a thing." Sherlock knew full well that he would document everything.
He went into the bathroom, pulling out the holiday eyeliner he had found. John really loved the black, but he figured the more festive green was good... maybe going with his eyes, he didn't know. He undressed and put on his dressing gown, having gotten a red one, needing a change from the old blue he had, that and it had small acid holes burned into it.
Soon enough they were at the café, and Sherlock led John into it, seating them in a more private booth, sitting next to John though, rather than across from him.
John's chest ached for his daughter, and he held her close, rocking her gently. "I know, sweetheart, I know. It's alright to be scared, though. There's nothing wrong with that, nothing at all. And you were so brave, weren't you? You helped your Gran, you saved her life, Katherine, you did." He kissed the top of her head, closing his eyes and letting go of a few tears himself. "You know that I still get scared, right? All the time. Every day that I was away, I was scared. Every time I had to save someone, I was scared. But we're together now, aren't we? Two brave doctors trying to save the world," he whispered, his voice wavering a little.
John shifted his arm, sliding his hand into Sherlock's and lacing their fingers together. He led the way from the flat, taking them onto the street and waving for a cab.
Sherlock hummed against John's lips, smiling a little. "Wouldn't expect you to, I am in fact, an amazing kisser," he murmured, nipping at John's bottom lip a small bit. He rolled back over in the tub, lifting up some soap and a washcloth to start washing himself gently, leaning forward which exposed his tattoo.
Sherlock’s eyes blinked rapidly, looking at her still. He took a breath, everything still seeming slowed down. He heard her fussing cease and she looked up at him with large, blue eyes, though her face was still scrunched with displeasure at being thrust out into the cold. Sherlock ran one finger slowly down her face, looking at one of her tiny hands, her fingers closing tightly around one of his. A tired smile pulled at his face. "Bout time you got here," he said, still catching his breath.
John jumped awake will a small scream, quickly stuffing his fist into his mouth to muffle it. He was covered in a cold sweat, his body shaking like mad. Leaning over the edge of the bed, he closed his eyes, breathing deeply as he fought off what remained of his nightmare.
John blinked, just barely making out the change in tone of where he was. There was music in the air, soft and flowing, and as soon as he latched onto it, he was back in his bunk, and Stephen was sitting next to him, and they were laughing over a cup of coffee and a bar of chocolate. There was a sharp noise and a scream, and Stephen slumped forward, bleeding form the whole in his head. John shouted, jumping to his feet, and when he blinked he was back in the flat, panting and wide-eyed. His gaze quickly found Sherlock, standing close but out of reach, his violin now hanging by his hip. John could hear Hamish fussing a little from the living room, but he was caught between wanting to go get him and knowing that he shouldn't.
John smiled softly at her, reaching out to brush his fingers through some of her curls. "Let's go join your daddy, shall we?" he asked quietly, lifting her up carefully and bringing her into the bedroom. He set her down on the bed beside Sherlock and then crawled in beside them both, lying on his side so that he could watch them.
Sherlock hummed. "’m working on it," he murmured quietly, looking at John. He saw his stitches and blinked a couple times. "You... got hurt," he said slowly. "What’s the point of taking..." he trailed off, mumbling incoherently but obviously annoyed in his drugged state, "...get hurt anyway?" he said.
Sherlock nodded once. John would finish early, he was bright with what he could do, attentive, spending even his breaks and meals while at the hospital for study. Sherlock took this into account, and came up with five to six months in actuality, though he said no such thing. He would be told soon enough.
John’s head ached slightly, a gentle and consistent throb. That was what he was first aware of as he started to come to. The next thing being a dull ache in his side, as if he’d pulled a muscle. He shifted slightly on the bed, a soft hum escaping him. He realized after some time that what he was laying on wasn’t his bed. He dragged his eyes open, his gaze focusing on an unfamiliar room. There was a slight shuffle, and a man was suddenly standing by the bed, a couple feet away, his expression…one of anxiety but also something else that John didn’t understand.
John smiled appreciatively over his shoulder. "A bath sounds nice," he agreed, getting to his feet and holding out a hand to Sherlock, leading him into the bathroom. He turned on the water to let it warm and then set the plug in place so that the tub could fill. When it was nearing half full, he stepped in and sunk down, holding his hand out to give Sherlock something to hold on to when he stepped in.
John opened his mouth to protest, but he knew a favour was being dealt to him. "Yes, sir," he nodded again, and, after shaking his hand, the Major got up to leave.
Harry nodded, smiling a little. "I won't... you're back now. We just work on that," she said, glancing over John's shoulder at where Sherlock was peeking into the kitchen. She smiled a little. "Looks as though we're being watched," she said softly. "He's interesting, seems nice, if a bit... skittish," she said, looking up at John. "Pups'll be adorable too with the two of you," she smirked.
"You're being sent home, John. As soon as you can walk, you're getting on a plane. Can't risk your shoulder acting up and causing you your life next time."
like your father." He regretted saying that immediately, mostly because Sherlock was asleep in the room behind him and he was still sore about... well, everything.
John looked across the store, realising, of course too late, that his friend was another Alpha. He shook his head, directing his attention back to Sherlock.
"It's obvious someone is trying to get a rise out of my brother, some kind of reaction possibly, though their ends I'm not sure of," Mycroft said, setting the watch down on the coffee table.
Sherlock hummed, bending under the gentle order, exhaustion weighing down on him as he fell asleep soon after.
John paused a beat. “Indeed I do,” he finally replied. “All of the people from that warehouse, they were gone, the ones that took us… and you’re like they are. Different in the same way that they were,” he said.
"Please? I miss you already and I'd like to hear your voice." John nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, kissing his forehead, then down the bridge of his nose, and lightly brushing over his lips.
"Would hardly be special then, though, would it?" Sherlock said, nuzzling John's neck a small bit before pulling away and stepping out of the shower to dry off. As per usual, he tossed the towel to John when he was done, striding into the bedroom to get dressed. He couldn't help but cast a look towards his flat stomach, thinking about what it would look like in a matter of months.
"What makes you think I'm stubborn?" Sherlock muttered quietly, flinching a fraction as if expecting punishment for the words. He let out a breath, then lifted the bowl of broth to his mouth, sipping off of it a little as the warm liquid moved down his throat.
"Thank you," John whispered, squeezing her hand as she made to leave. As soon as she was gone, he combed through Sherlock's hair and cupped his cheek, gently stirring him awake with his hands and his voice.
Sherlock shrugged a little, still on edge. "Logical to assume he has more than one," he muttered as they kept walking. He wondered briefly where the gun was, if John had it. "John, maybe we should just go back to the flat, do shopping another time," he said finally.
"Maybe," John said quietly, nuzzling between Sherlock's shoulder blades. "But my mum used to tell me that every person has one thing that they're really good at, one thing that they need to do. I didn't get to finish my last tour, Sherlock, and that's what I'm really good at. I need to finish it out, so that other soldiers can come home."
John looked down at the tea in his hands, a muscle working in his jaw as he fought off the burning in the back of his throat. Damn it all to hell, he was actually going to do this, wasn't he?
Sherlock blinked once, and nodded. "You've made it clear, yes," he said, still feeling a bit confused by it all. Someone caring, it was... intriguing. His own parents hadn't been this attentive when he was a child, only his brother had cared really and – he blinked, taking himself from that train of thought.
Sherlock nodded a little, watching John leave. He let out a breath, sitting up a bit and adjusting his bed so it was propped up. He looked around the room, then down at his stomach, lifting his gown a little bit and looking at the tiny bump there. He blinked a few times, resting his hand on it with a sigh.
"John I referred to her as a squishy pink thing. Which is what she is, but still. She's simple now... easy. I'm sure you'll be needed far before she's a teenager," he said. He sighed a little, watching John play with her. "Though... you're doing really well now, I think," he said.
When Sherlock got to the hospital he went straight to where Mycroft told him, seeing his brother there. "They've given him an exam and there appears to be no permanent physical damage, this man...he wasn't conventional in his preferences brother. I am sorry we did not get to John sooner.” He held out a small bag for him. In it, was Katherine's old bear, the bit of his shirt, and John's tags...the ones that had been taken from him. He nodded once, letting himself into the room carefully and closing the door. He threw away the bear and bit of fabric, now reeking of the Alpha, and he washed the tags before draping them around his neck next to John's old ones. John was curled up in the hospital bed, no wires or tubes, so it wasn't that type of injury. "John?" he called softly, resting his hand on top of his mate's.
John shrugged, polishing off his mug of coffee and standing to go get more. One cup wasn't going to be enough for today. "I don't know. It sounds intriguing. More interesting than what I'm doing right now, which is nothing." He poured the coffee black this time, humming as he swallow down the first sip.
Sherlock felt like he was going crazy, but then he was also oddly content. He had Katherine, who seemed more and more alert each day. And he had John, who seemed... less so. Sherlock demanded another bed be brought in for him, though most of the time John still slept cramped with Sherlock on his.
Sherlock’s eyes blinked open from his light sleep when he felt it, the now unfamiliar but unmistakable tug of his bond with John, even if it wasn't quite as strong as it once was. They would fix that. He opened his eyes as John left the room, and Sherlock looked down to see Katherine still asleep. Good. He forced himself to sit up carefully.
Sherlock didn't move from where he was, rubbing John's back softly. They sat like that for more than an hour before he sat back, cupping John's face in his hands. "How about we go to bed early, hmm?" he asked, sweeping his thumb over John's cheek.
"Come on," John said softly, consumed by regret at what he had done and just wanting to make up for it. He took Sherlock's hand, tugging on it gently until he took a step, and then he led his mate towards the bedroom, directing him towards the bed until Sherlock was sitting. "I'm sorry," he repeated, tilting Sherlock's chin up so that their eyes met. "I'm so sorry. You know I wouldn't hurt you on purpose." His eyes flicked down to the fresh bite on Sherlock's neck and he flinched, knowing that that had been a little extreme. He cupped Sherlock's face in his hands, closing his eyes and tilting their foreheads together.
John furrowed his brow, realising that Sherlock was talking about when he had left for Afghanistan. "You... you tried to come with me?" he asked, slightly bewildered. He looked up, meeting Sherlock's mercury gaze and reaching around to cup the back of his neck. "You're an idiot," he breathed, smiling slightly and pressing their lips together.
Sherlock blinked his eyes awake when John's alarm went off. He let out a breath, getting up to get some water and take another pain pill, though he didn't hurt as much today.
. In the end he was the pathetic one. He just had a lot of pull. Once he was gone, well... when the cat's away," he said, trying to roll over to be close to John, but he hissed in pain, holding his side.
"I don't know." John shook his head. "Your brother, Mycroft, he said that he was going after them last night. I made him promise to make them suffer, but I don't know exactly what was done to them or where they are now." He parted his eyelids, looking over at Sherlock. "If they are there, I'll die before I let them touch you again."
Sherlock stood up, following John to the window. "Well, then, we'll just have to replace what's in there with something else," he said, blinking when he saw a police car pull up.
"That should counteract the sedative," Sherlock heard a voice say. A hand pressed to his wrist, taking his pulse. "As for the reaction to the inducer, it doesn't seem harmful, probably just needs to sleep it off. He can go home, just keep an eye on him."
John chuckled, finishing up his sandwich quickly and sipping at his tea. Hank brought the check and John nodded his thanks, setting enough money on the table to cover the bill and the tip. "Ready to go, sweetheart?" he asked, seeing that Kat was just sipping on her hot chocolate now.
John waited until he heard the lock click and then pushed open the door, finding Sherlock standing just inside of the threshold. He reached out for the Omega, wrapping his arm around his feverish skin and guiding him into the bedroom and over to the bed.
"Sit still," John growled, moving to sit behind Sherlock. He took off his dressing gown and readjusted the blankets on Sherlock so that his back was bare, and then pressed himself up against him, sharing body heat. He hissed at the cold against his skin, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist to hold him still. "It was your stupid idea to go outside, so now you have to deal with this," he said, starting to shiver from second-hand exposure.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, letting out a breath. "S'not fair..." he said quietly. "They gonna take you 'way," he murmured. The words left him before he realised how full of sentiment they were, not like him. He didn't allow himself to say things like that.
Sherlock held still as John's arms wrapped around him, swallowing thickly. He looked to the side. "There's nothing buried; I'm just me," he mumbled quietly, stepping back a minute later to pull on his coat.
Sherlock sighed, then nodded. He followed John outside and down the hall where they were stopped at the nurse’s station. He sighed again, just wanting to go home. He scrawled his name where it should be and shoved the clipboard to John, since he dealt with this kind of paperwork more, and then sank into the obligatory wheelchair that his nurse brought over to them. He saw Dr Maria show up, who handed John a card with their next appointment with a smile.
Sherlock sniffed quietly, shifting so he was snuggled closer to John. Christ, it felt amazing, so much better being close to someone. He'd forgotten how much it had helped having his mother with him, but it was different with an Alpha, with John. He relaxed a small bit, shifting again.
Katherine smiled, closing her eyes as she rested close to her John. Sherlock smiled, but he worried, seeing John's pain, noticing of course before when John adjusted his morphine drip. He shook the doctors hand and nodded, not wanting to leave at all. Katherine sat her head up, looking at him. "I can be quiet," she said in a small whisper, which made Sherlock smile again.
"Thanks," John murmured, yawning as he peeled the fruit and took a bite. "I swear, they're trying to see how thin they can stretch me before I snap," he commented once the banana was gone. "I assisted in two large-scale surgeries today, performed three of my own small operations, and then was chasing around doing all of these little things for everyone else." He pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes and leant forward, resting his elbows on his knees. "I just want to sleep for the rest of my life."
Sherlock looked down. "Alright..." he murmured. "If only for your med school practice," he muttered, glancing over at John when he commented on him being stubborn.
“Vampire? Yes,” Sherlock said, watching the other to gauge his reaction. “You’re not startled though, you feel it settling already, the truth of it,” he said.
Sherlock laughed a little. "Don't tell me – I have to get rid of the thumbs in the vegetable drawer?" he asked, wondering if John would think he was joking.
Molly came by a little later before her shift ended (having been working upstairs for the day), and tagged a new body, which Sherlock looked at. Heart attack, but still interesting none the less.
Sherlock let out a breath, swallowing thickly. John said deathly calm... was he? He felt... nothing.
John glanced over as the door opened and an older woman – Omega – walked in, taking a seat on the wheeled stool tucked over by a low shelf serving as a desk.
John caught Sherlock's stare and rolled his eyes, but he picked up his fork and started eating none the less. He chewed his food slowly, not really hungry but knowing he needed food. And the pasta was good, he had to admit.
Sherlock let out a breath. "No, just thinking," he said quietly. "About... about the other one," he said, eating another chip. "We don't know what it was do we?" he asked. "Boy or girl or if it even developed far enough for us to know. It just... was there. And then it wasn't," he said quietly.
They were met by Dr Maria and a nurse, who had a wheelchair for him. He sank down into it, not relinquishing John's hand.
"Why are you thanking me?" John asked, turning to kiss Sherlock's forehead before he completely sunk down again. "All I did was hand you my phone." He nuzzled against Sherlock's hair, closing his eyes for a moment.
Hope to get the next one up soon! The next will show us more into what John is up to, and perhaps offer a bit of action.
John shrugged. "Yeah. Women, mostly, but a couple men. None of them ever really clicked, and one of us would end up cutting it off." He rested his hand on Sherlock's knee, smiling at him for a moment, thinking of all the ways Sherlock clicked with him but saying none of them because he didn't want to embarrass him.
Katherine sniffled a little again, nodding. "T-tried," she said, having gotten sick while detangling herself from her covers, unsuccessfully, as her bedding was covered with sick as well.
John kissed him back fiercely, rolling them over and bracing himself above Sherlock. "I know," he murmured to Sherlock’s silent pleas. He ran his fingers down Sherlock's side, tracing the V of his hips down to the inside of his thigh.
John jumped awake and immediately left the room, tears already forming and threatening to fall. He didn't want Katherine to see. Not when his nightmares had finally stopped coming. He curled up in his chair, pulling his knees up to his chest, and just let himself sob, expelling the emotions he had been trying to suppress.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand back, silently agreeing with him. "Yours too," he said, walking a little slower to push away a kink in his side. "We'll spend both of them at home, just the two of us."
"You're not like normal people," John murmured, reaching to wrap his arm around Sherlock's shoulders, playing with an uneven spot on his jumper. "I like you, though. Different is good." He was obviously tired if he was saying that, but he meant it. "I'm glad we met, Sherlock Holmes."
"Hospital procedure, I'm afraid; all the way to the cab," she said, also producing a pair of slippers for Sherlock. "I believe you can take it from here," she said, looking at John. "His paperwork's already been done," she said, turning and leaving.
Sherlock leant off the sofa, scooping up the sweet and sour chicken and his fork, opening up the box and stabbing a large chunk of pineapple. He hummed a little biting into it, quickly fishing out another.
John smiled at Sherlock, walking up and putting the slippers on his feet. He ruffled the Omega’s hair in good nature before pushing him out of the room, past the lobby, and to the street. He hailed a passing cab that thankfully stopped for them, and helped Sherlock inside.
Sherlock felt his cheeks grow damp and he slowly sank down to sit in the grass, weaving his fingers into his hair for a moment as a sob wracked his body. He felt Katherine kick a few times, and his hands slid down from his head to circle his stomach as he sobbed again, feeling like his chest had been torn open. "’m s-sorry... so sorry..." he said, sounding almost like a wounded animal.
When Hamish was dressed, and Sherlock had pulled on a dressing gown, they started down the hall to find John holding a sleeping Katherine. "Nightmares," he stated, looking at her as he sat down across from them. "To be expected I suppose, she has a fairly high level of comprehension for an almost five-year-old, we’ll not avoid this affecting her," he said with a sigh, wishing this once, that Katherine didn't understand as much as she did.
It was a little while later when Sherlock woke up again, his head still fuzzy from morphine, but he didn't have that lethargic lead feeling in his limbs. He blinked his eyes open a few times, taking a deeper breath, his side feeling a little stiff, but not hurting. He dragged his eyes over to see John again, awake now.
"Mostly because I'm bored, partly because you fascinate me, and entirely because if you don't, I will take your precious
Sorry for not replying, we had a crisis nearby that I had to deal with. Some idiot set off a string of car bombs nearby, and I had to go out with the other doctors and nurses to bring in the wounded. Christ, I've never... I'll save you from the details. You're pregnant; you don't need to be reading about that. I'm glad you're engaging and that she's responding. Tell her that I've gotten all of her pictures so far and that I love them, and that we'll be skyping soon. I just need time. I don't have any time.
Sherlock relaxed entirely when John's arms wrapped around him, not having felt so relaxed and...safe since John left. "God..." he breathed, "I missed you...this, all of it." He sighed, nuzzling into John's chest. He realized that he was almost trembling a little, from happiness he supposed, if people did that, did they? Because he wasn't sure why else he'd be doing that. He inhaled John's scent, so much better than the pillow he'd sprayed, infinitely so. "
Sherlock's forehead rested against John's, and he let out a breath, pressing close to him. He watched John sleep for a little while, finally feeling the pull of the drugs after the pain dulled away. He blinked a few times, then found his eyes wouldn't open, and then he fell asleep, knowing no more.
I don't think skyping with Katherine would be a good idea. She'll handle it better in person, I know, because she knows what injuries are. Thank god she got that from me.
He leant into Sherlock's palm for a moment before easing to his feet and walking into the bathroom first to brush his teeth, and then into the kitchen to start the kettle. He leant against the counter and scrubbed his face, trying hard not to think about what had happened last night.
"No, I should talk to her. She'll either be upset with me or too happy to care. Or she won't believe me." John shrugged, stepping forward to wrap his arms around Sherlock's waist, resting his head against his shoulder. "Either way, it'll be nice to hear her voice again."
After a moment, Mycroft collected himself again, looking over towards Sherlock. "I was in little position to do anything and have since been working to get there. So do not assume such things, John Watson. Now stand down," he said.
John glanced down at his leg, his eyes widening when he realised that he'd been running without his cane and that his leg didn't hurt. "I love you," he murmured, smiling, as he pressed his lips to Sherlock's forehead.
John rubbed at his eyes, ignoring the fact that he had been looking at his skin tags before Sherlock had opened the door. "'m not hiding," he muttered, reaching out for Hamish and taking him from his mate, holding him gently between his thighs and letting him bounce. "You're going to be walking soon, aren't you? Just like your sister. Bet you have a mind like your daddy's, hm? Able to figure things out quick." He leaned forward, kissing Hamish's forehead. "Sorry for waking you, little one. Papa doesn't always have the best mind."
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, pulling him close and kissing him softly. He didn't know what to say. Nothing substantial came to mind, so he let it go.
"Welcome home little one," he said, looking around and holding the somewhat bigger infant. Sherlock felt like she'd grown nearly an inch, but that was probably an exaggeration. He walked into the kitchen. "And look, there's your father, making tea. It's how he copes," he said with a small smile.
John rolled his eyes, turning his head to kiss Katherine's temple. "Good. I'm glad you won't be doing all that much. You know I can't help but worry about you, especially now..." He glanced down at Kat to emphasise his point.
John slowly rolled from the bed, walking over to the chest of drawers, grabbing a pair of jeans, a jumper, and a shirt, and headed for the bathroom to change.
Sherlock looked down for a moment; so John did know. He swallowed, letting out a breath. "I-I don't think I can," he said quietly. Five years now. He looked at John. "Will you... can you come with me? If I go?" he murmured quietly.
Sherlock furrowed his brow, falling back into his chair. He blinked a few times, still on edge. "They're fine," he said, shaking his head a little, looking at his hand, seeing a small bit of blood on his finger. He sighed, trying to stand again.
"Let me know when you have her contact information," John murmured, his voice slightly muffled by his palms. He pushed away from the table, mumbling something about the bathroom as he made his way through the cafe.
John led the Omega into the bedroom, pulling him close and closing their lips together again. He slid his hands under the hem of Sherlock's shirt, tracing light lines against his skin with his fingertips. "I've got you," he promised, feeling a slight tremble run across Sherlock's skin.
Sherlock inhaled sharply, getting up out of his chair and taking a step back from John, and away from Katherine, not wanting something to knock her over. "John are you even listening to what you're saying?" he said, looking at him. He swallowed thickly, trying to give himself more of an authoritative stance, but it was hard enough against an Alpha, let alone
John opened his mouth, protest on the tip of his tongue, when he shook his head at himself. What was the point in arguing? Sherlock would just pull the 'eat or I won't' threat, and he'd end up eating anyway. Best to just save the argument.
Sherlock pulled on his coat, following after John and stepping out the door. He didn't hesitate this time; after all, soon he'd have to go out and about on his own. He couldn't afford to hesitate.
. John jumped from the empty bed and walked into the living room, looking over at Sherlock, who was playing with Katherine on his lap. "How long have I been out?" he asked with a small yawn and a stretch.
"It's Stone now... Harriet Stone. I, well, Clara’s away for a few days, work but... she's wonderful," Harry said. "Oh! Right, erm, come in. Mum's in the living room... she'll be so happy to see you. Come in, both of you," she said, stepping back.
John smiled at everyone as they filed in, dishing up the French toast onto a plate and putting the eggs on another. He set the table, putting the syrup and the butter in the middle, before setting the food down. "Help yourselves," he said, walking over to the fridge and pouring them all a glass of milk before finally taking his seat and putting a couple pieces of the toast on there as well as some eggs. "There's plenty, so don't hold back," he advised, pouring syrup on his toast.
She sniffled, and Sherlock felt his heart rip out of his chest, still not able to breathe right. He looked back at John. "I...I..." he'd forgotten how to breathe this time, picturing John in that place again, and he blacked out, knees giving out as he fell unconscious, not hearing the scared scream Katherine let out.
Sherlock was watching Katherine when he heard the unmistakable sound of a knife being tossed into the wall. He sighed, closing his eyes for a moment before standing up and starting down the hall. "John?" he called softly to announce himself. He stepped into the room and laid Hamish down gently into his new crib before walking over and wrapping his arms around John. "Try and calm down...you can't focus when you're like this," he murmured quietly, tilting his neck slightly while scenting John's.
Sherlock nodded, tuning his violin after John had left for bed. He did that for an hour or so before he too went back to their room and crawled into bed next to John, snuggling close to him.
Sherlock swallowed, sitting up and covering his stitches with his hand as he heard John in the kitchen. He didn't know what he felt, it was completely and utterly... unfamiliar. He waited a little while before standing up and moving down the hall into the living room to pick up his violin, starting to play it. He didn't even know what he was playing, the notes just coming from his fingers as he tried to think.
"This one gets into the main door, this is the key to the upstairs door. The others... post office box, the lab at Bart's." John swallowed, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock stayed close to John, holding onto his hand firmly. He settled onto the sofa just as Katherine climbed up with a stuffed horse that whinnied when you squeezed its hoof. He smiled, pressing the button when directed to.
Sherlock smiled, nodding a little. "We already are fathers," he murmured softly, glancing at Katherine, who had resumed playing with her doll house, having grown bored with not being in the conversation. "But again...yeah, another one.”
Sherlock had Katherine stretched out on his lap, her fists wrapped around two of his fingers as he recited little deductions about the living room to her. He look up when John walked in, smiling a little at him.
Sherlock was still trembling, resting his head on John's lap, murmuring quietly, incoherently. He didn't care about himself, but he felt a clench of fear in the thought that he'd lost it. That he'd ruined everything. He swallowed, feeling tired and scared, not even registering that his cheeks were wet as his eyes closed.
Sherlock looked at him steadily. "I know," he murmured, though admittedly he had thought two small operations and not three. He sighed, looking at John steadily.
Sherlock looked over at Moran, watching as Moriarty carelessly kicked him off the stage. "Pity that...I think he rather loved you. Had a thing for Alphas apparently," Sherlock said, straightening himself up a bit, though he still kept his arm around John.
He hated having to do it, and if he didn't have the children he would have insisted on staying, being John's mate, he had that right. "Katty, we need to let Papa rest, he'll probably have more tests soon and we'll just be in the way," he murmured, helping Katherine off the bed. He handed Hamish to John once more so he could pull on his coat, taking up the infant after John had said goodbye. "We will be back tomorrow," he said, looking at John. "You keep the scarf for now." he said, knowing it had his and Hamish's scent on it.
John looked at Sherlock, for a moment thinking that the Omega was mad at him, but then he understood. He turned onto his side, wrapping his arm around Sherlock and placing his flattened palm on his chest, directly over his heartbeat. "I love you," he whispered, pressing a lasting kiss over the mark on the back of Sherlock's neck--
Dr. Chase laughed, handing a bag of medication over to John. "I have not changed my mind. You can go home, and you stay there. I'll be by in a week for a checkup, and you be sure to call me if you're having any issues. I've listed a few therapists for you, since I remember you saying that your last one didn't help so much." He shook John's hand and then turned to Sherlock. "Look after him. Don't let him get too active," he said, holding out his hand to the Omega.
John woke up to his alarm at five thirty, groaning and nuzzling into Sherlock in an effort of ignoring it. Eventually he caved, unable to block out the blaring beep, and rolled over to shut it off.
"How long do you usually have between cases? And what do you usually do between them?" John sighed, realising how behind he was on what happened in Sherlock's life. He made a disgruntled sound, blinking slowly and looking at the window.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth quirked up a fraction, "I'm glad you liked it," he said quietly. "It... was the last song I wrote," he said, looking down at the instrument in his hands. "It just stopped," he said quietly.
John shook his head with a disgruntled expression. "Don't want food," he grumbled, walking into the living room and perching on the arm of Sherlock's chair, smiling softly down at Katherine. "Morning, little one," he whispered, reaching down to tickle her belly.
John put his phone back into his pocket, staring out across the river and closing his eyes, breathing in deeply, the wind coming off of the water managing to blow even his short hair around. His grip tightened on the railing and he braced his weight more against it, using it a bit like a crutch as a pain went through his ribs.
“I'm searching him," Sherlock murmured. "Colonel Sebastian Moran, special forces sniper, dishonourably discharged," he murmured. "Explains his reasonable confidence with a weapon and placement of the bullets he fired at the door.”
Sherlock complied, laying one hand over John's waist and tangling their legs together gently. He closed his eyes, chest almost physically aching for John as he shook with each quiet sob. John was strong, he could get through this...he knew he could, it would just take time. How ever much time he needed. He knew enough of Alpha physiology that most of the damage would be psychological.
“I…what…what’s going on?” he asked, glancing around the room again before looking at the man. He blinked a couple times as he actually looked at him, something about him seemed… he almost wanted to say familiar, only it wasn’t. Still, John couldn’t look away.
Sherlock stood back as John started hurling the plates, watching slowly as he seemed to shatter as well.
Sherlock nodded, stabbing up a bit of chicken on his plate and eating slowly. He hummed a little. “Definitely better than the hospital," he said with a small smile. He swallowed, looking at John. "You mentioned watching films, why not that one show... the one you watched when it was on last week while we were in the hospital. Granted, I was pretty drugged. What was it... Doctor something or other... I'm assuming it's on every week?" he asked, hoping to make some kind of normal conversation.
"Upstairs," Sherlock said, heading up to the spare bedroom. He kicked open the door gently, setting the box down on the bed and looking around the mostly empty room. It was a bit dusty, the hard-wood floor bare.
Sighing heavily, John dog-eared his page and crossed into the bedroom, sitting down on his side of the bed with his shoulders leaning back against the headboard. Setting the book in his lap, he continued reading, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair where he lay beside him.
Sherlock chuckled, pressing a bit closer to John. "I'm sorry...I just don't want to land you back in here." He looked up at John's expression and smirked. "So sentimental...you've been a horrible influence on me John Watson," he murmured quietly, smiling. "I can calm you down, but...I'm hardly medicine."
"Oh, poor Sherlock." Jim shook his head slowly. "Don't you understand how many cases of yours I've been behind? How easy it would be for me to turn up new evidence that would make
John smiled softly, taking a seat in his chair. He scrubbed a hand through his hair, knowing that it would have to cut again. He didn't want it to be; he liked it long. "Sherlock," John whispered, crooking his finger when his mate looked up, inviting him onto his lap. Sherlock smiled at John's invitation, not wanting to have to be asked. He knew it was hard for John, it was for him to though, as soon as John let go of him it was worse. He kissed Katherine's hair again and stood up, walking over to settle himself on John's lap, resting his head on his shoulder with a small sigh, making sure each breath he took was with John's scent. John hummed quietly, resting his head against Sherlock's. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, holding him close and rocking him gently. "I love you," he whispered, closing his eyes and nuzzling into Sherlock's hair. "So very much."
The infant wriggled, making gurgling noises as she blew bubbles with her spittle. She yanked at John's hair again, bouncing still.
"You're coming home, too, right?" John asked, looking up at Sherlock. "It's not... it's not home without you, anymore."
Sherlock writhed as John's attentions moved down his body. The longer John did this the more desperate he was starting to get.
Sherlock blinked a few times rapidly, letting out a breath. He didn't think he still had so many emotions tied to those memories, but then again, he never visited them. It was only in desperation that he'd accidentally stumbled across them. "I... I was thinking about my hands," he said. "You heard... trying to convince you to untie them," he licked his lips.
John smiled, kissing Sherlock again and running his fingers over his cheek. "That's fine. I'm sure you can find help from someone. Molly or Lestrade, maybe," he offered, lightly kissing up the bridge of Sherlock's nose and finally his forehead. "Doesn't have to be very long."
Sherlock flinched a little, cradling the watch in his lap and cupping his hands around it. He nodded. "I don't think... I never said you were a weakness... or in the way," he said quietly.
John leant into Sherlock's touch, his jaw muscle moving under Sherlock's finger. He knew Sherlock was lying about drinking something, but he decided not to push the topic. "Is this somehow helping you think, or am I distracting you?" he asked quietly, looking softly down at Sherlock.
