Cas on the other hand couldn’t help but admire every single inch of the other man’s face. The curl of his eyelashes. The slight arch of his brow. The perfectly sculpted lips that he loved to kiss. Dean’s light stubble and his scent was so intoxicating.
The look the older Winchester pitched in his brother’s direction was anything but sympathetic or understanding. And immediately Rowena sighed.
“I’m really sorry, okay?” Dean’s heart was breaking when he discovered those wet blue eyes. “What we can do, is ask around town for anyone who wants to adopt them. We’ll find a good home. How does that sound?”
When Dean realized the truth behind the other man's words, with eyes widened, he glanced around him, as if searching for the shadowed form of the most beautiful wings he had ever cast his eyes on.
up your alleyway,” Castiel shuddered, arms folded and he narrowed his eyes at Ellen sitting alongside John on the couch before the fire. “I’ve attempted the books but my goodness because Balthazar purchased them for guilty pleasure. But BDSM is not my cup of tea.”
"Sam never has those," Dean shook his head and lowered the volume of the music. Weirdly, the mixtape was still in the deck. His brother had teased the hell out of him during their morning outing. "It's 24/7 healthy eating for him. I guess maybe he was feeling too good about himself today. He even bought a new shirt. And it wasn't plaid."
“No,” Castiel said, shaking his head. The feeling of their fingers entwined was so amazing, he never wanted to let go. He savored the softness of Dean’s hands, knowing that if their lives were different, then they could be holding onto each other easily.
As I’m about to lift the dumpster to throw the bag into it, I hear that same giggle my brother does when he’s flirty and riding high on happiness with women. And hating myself for being so damn nosy, I follow the sound to the side of the bunker where the car is parked.
“Like…this,” he reached forward and pressed a square button concealed into the wall with the same color. “Wait, Cas…” his voice was so soft as our eyes met. But then there it was again. That hopeful look. I could see the world inside those orbs. “I really and truly fuck up mostly everything in my life. And I’m hammered, I know that much is obvious. But since I am, and it brings out the truth in me, I…don’t want this to be one of those moments where I just let you leave without knowing…that
Ruby, shaking off her coat, slipped into The Cat Nap with the intention of grabbing two smoothies to take back to Meg’s apartment. As she sauntered up the counter, a very tall man with shoulder length hair lingered by the smoothie machine, with his back to her. Barely, she recognized him, and then after Sam turned around to check what his new customer wanted, their eyes locked.
“Dean, you shouldn’t be using drugs!” I said in a strained voice because this was leading me into a dark place I didn’t want to go back to. “I know that it’s bad for you right now. The divorce, the media, and I know that it’s hard to cope with all of this. But in order for me to save you, you’ve got to listen to me. You have to stop with the drugs.”
"Tell me about it," Dean sighed. He drank some whisky and realized that if his view that evening for two hours or more tops would comprise mostly of blue eyes, ruffled hair and a good-looking face, then there was nothing else in comparison. "I've got something to tell you and I don't know how you'll react to it."
just fishing in the dark most times, but we get stuff done. And I try to pace myself, I really do but when my hands get on him, it's like there's no turning back. Well, until we realize that we could do more but maybe it's just not the right time."
"I toast to that entire speech," Sam lifted his glass and beamed at his wife who smiled warmly in his direction before she jerked her chin at Castiel who was sitting not too far from her and appearing rather wounded.
“Now I can’t say no to that,” Dean gave in. “Hop in, huggy bear.” He patted the seat next to him and fired up the engine.
“With me,” Dean said softly, fingers curling around the phone, and soft footsteps padded up the staircase, signaling that his father was finally retreating to bed. “Cas, do you want to know something whacko about all of this?” When the older man blinked slowly, somehow mesmerized by their faces on the video, Dean sighed. “Since that night when you held my hand downstairs in front of the fireplace, you know, when I was holding the baby, I kind of started seeing you different.”
"He loved Cas so much," Jody sighed. "I still think he does and the worst part of it is that every single time anyone mentions Cas' name, he turns the taps on. I think it's selfish though, that he just picked up and left, you know? Not a phone call. Nothing."
“Huh. Maybe he needs some time alone. You know, to figure some things out. A lot has happened in a short time, Dean.”
Dean, as much as he was fighting to give into Charlie’s ridiculous demands, allowed his gaze to wander to where the older man was perched. In that moment, Castiel was dusting the right thigh of his black pants and because Dean couldn’t refrain from latching onto those perfect hands, his gaze rested on exactly what Charlie highlighted before.
"Well, Dean is all coffee, no sugar. To get him to drink a cup of tea, I have to bribe him with something else. But he takes teas for remedial purposes. Chai, for example is one of his favorites since it's a substitute for coffee. And he also uses honey occasionally."
"I know he didn't, Sam," Dean gruffly said, staring at the television and hugging himself. "But I was so convinced…"
“Wow,” Dean stared back in disbelief. “Just…” he shook his head and smiled; lips parted to reveal how stunned the boldness affected him. “Man, I’m willing to date you for as long as it takes. A bunch of one-night stands didn’t do me any favors because I’m too tired and too done with that kind of life. Right now, all I want is to go easy with someone who wants to get to know me a little more than what they see physically. So, two years don’t sound so bad.”
And Castiel didn’t think it was possible, but he loved Dean a lot more because of that. He wanted to love him forever, to treasure every single second when they were together, to have other encounters like the one they experienced at Westfordshire and to go home breathless and shaking.
"Listen, I'm a fair guy. I've always been. Heck, I created the man you've been fornicating with but –" he rolled his eyes when Castiel sent him a glare, "…I can't let you continue to stain your image like this, son. At some point you will have to decide if you would prefer to stay an angel or leave Heaven because you cannot have the best of both worlds. And right now, from where I'm standing," Chuck laughed, "you're kind of forcing my hand, man."
Their kind of love wasn't the normal kind. It was chaotic and beautiful. When Castiel was with them, Dean always held his breath without knowing. Without even knowing that Sam witnessed the uneasiness. The battles fought in his brother's heart for so many years. The doubts. The fear of loss. And now all he could do was try to shelter his brother until Dean could believe that he was allowed to be happy.
“Cas, before you go,” Dean touched his forehead and felt conflicted. The other man stalled by the small wooden bench and turned around. “I don’t mean to bring this up because I know that it’s…well it’s not really a good topic of discussion but you and I, we tell each other stuff regardless. And I don’t want to keep things from you because you wouldn’t do that to me.”
“Hmm, I keep remembering the pet name you used,” Cas fondly caressed Dean’s hair behind the shell of his right ear. “I like it very much. It reveals a very soft side of you.”
"Dean answer this one, important question," Jody turned towards him and provided a serious countenance. "Are you in love with Castiel?"
Therefore, his brother was left with the burden of three children at a very crucial stage in their lives where they needed nurturing, and a father and mother who were neck deep in studies, cases and research papers to manage more than three hours sleep.
Why had he been questioning every single thing about the Prince's encounter with him in the washroom? And why the hell was he feeling like his heart was about to explode because of the magnitude of the headlines. When in fact, he should have felt angry and deceived?
"Enlighten me," Castiel stirred his coffee. He couldn't forget their conversation over the phone. No matter what he had done to override the feelings that had overwhelmed him two nights ago. He still kept going back to reaching for the wine and deliberately trying to drown his raw, unnerving attraction.
"More like I think my lungs don't exist anymore," Dean was staring and he couldn't help it. "Cas, you're…I need a drink." He weakly signaled the waitress who arrived pronto and after ordering two drinks for them; a cocktail and a shot of whisky, Dean settled back into the booth, trying to gather himself together.
"Is this hard for you because Cas is a guy?" Sam dared to ask, carefully studying his brother's demeanor as he grew quite pasty.
If he couldn't settle without knowing more, without seeing the man he still loved then maybe he could push a little further. Maybe he could find another avenue to seek out the presence of Dean, to gaze into his eyes and to talk to him. To engage him in conversation because Cas couldn't muster up the courage to face Dean completely. At that point, he had already figured out that what they had, was shattered and lying like pieces on the floor. What they had, had slipped away and their relationship had become so broken after so long, there was no way Dean even thought about him as a lover anymore.
All of it was so sensual and pleasurable, so mind-blowing that when he sat up and raked his fingertips up Castiel’s heaving chest, he continued to move on top of him as he savored the toned expanse of the older man’s body. Thighs squeezing Castiel’s hips in place, Dean gingerly bit his lips and savored the bed creaking and swaying under them.
“Holy shit,” he returned as a response, evidently surprised that they would ever meet again. “If it isn’t plain old Spiderweb. In the flesh!” pulling the other man into an embrace, Dean held onto him because the intense memories were all too much to ever forget. “Man, it’s been years! Look at you!”
End off with Dean and Cas coming in from the concert and after Cas sees the rose petals scattered all over, he realizes that Dean really didn't forget. They make love until they're exhausted and then they both agree that they'll officially take each other's last names.
“Her name was Beaches,” Dean smiled as the memories stung his heart. “Loved that dog. Named her after the movie because it’s a classic. We also used to feed our food to cats in like every motel Sam and I stayed at.”
"You always have a choice!" the other man cried in a hoarse tone, as the coffee cup shook dangerously in his grasp. "Over and over again I keep telling you the same damn thing and it's like you still find a way to screw everything up between us over the years. You've always had a choice, Cas! And I just thought that when you chose me this time, that everything would be different. Because this time, I meant the world to you and I gave everything to you. And you…screwed it up." Covering his face, Dean began to sob.
“Have you two like…made out as yet?” she neatly pressed the bowties back into the box after choosing a shiny black one. “I mean further than kissing? Don’t give me that look!” Charlie laughed when Castiel stared at her, “I’m your best friend. I told you when I made out with Dorothy, remember? Do not deprive me of this.”
Sam came forward in all smiles and engulfed his sibling into a tight hug. "Long time no talk to, jerk," he clapped him on the back. "You're glowing from morning sex. Look at you, all claimed and grown up now. Welcome to the club."
The sound was so real inside of Dean’s mind that he kept trying to drown the pain in alcohol but never accomplished the numbness required. It was worse than locking Michael inside of his head because Castiel’s pleas unhinged him in every possible way. And because it was his fault that led to the angel’s entrapment, Dean discovered that his anger was quickly replaced with the kind of desperation in search of answers.
The sense of comfort and happiness sought out from the simplest things would always make Dean fall more in love with the man lingering by the doorway to the kitchen. He favored waking up before the sun rose just to savor the glow of orange rising in the sky. Those things were too beautiful to be ever ignored by Dean who inquired whether his friend wished a beer but the offer was turned down respectfully.
They then rejoined the diminished group of reporters outside once more. And Castiel was left alone to dwell on conflicting thoughts whilst his loyal companion sought out the interests of a rather intriguing looking man. The kind who was dressed like Sherlock Holmes, with the matching low voice and a wary eye.
“It really has. After the prom though,” Castiel frowned, “does that mean that school’s over for you?” Blue eyes lowered as his heart weighed down.
“Where?” Castiel asked innocently. He blinked and waited patiently wondering what kind of storms whirled around the other man’s mind.
Turning around, Castiel’s heart sighed from the other man’s warming appearance. The two of them reached for each other’s hands and entwined their fingers. And his brothers merely returned smiles of admiration, setting eyes on the newly wed couple for the first time.
After choosing to move away from the others who were growing quite bored and hungry. And agitated. The three of them found that a conversation in need was heavily relied on by what Meg had to contribute. Because apparently Dean wasn't the only brother who possessed a bad streak.
And later in the evening, he prepared the cheesiest bacon sandwich and frowned deeply when Dean refused to eat. He even lost interest in a Terminator marathon. He slumped sideways on the couch and stared at the bad carpeting of the room until Sam cleared his throat.
“You’re sorry?” Dean offered a strained expression of sadness overwhelming him. “You don’t get to say that you’re sorry when you’ve already changed me.”
Castiel kept staring at the email on his screen the next morning and wondered whether Sam was behind it. Whether Sam had actually pulled a few strings to achieve this outcome.
"Take me. All of me," Cas was breathless, chest heaving uncontrollably, "in your mouth. I want to feel your mouth on me. Dean, I want you to—" tossing his head onto the pillow, Cas gasped when his wishes were granted. When he felt Dean's hot mouth close around his cock, he lost himself, somewhere between heaven and hell.
. And maybe the prospects of them ever ending up on the same page might take a while, because Dean wasn’t quite ready to admit his feelings for selfish reasons.
"I am…a slave…for you," the younger man croaked, unashamed at that point because the words rolling off his tongue were very much
"She's been through a lot of trauma," Dean reminded her as he listened to the wind rustling the leaves in the trees outside. "Jody hasn't exactly had a good past in the love department."
“Chances are though, that you’re going to leave after your internship ends,” he decided for me, sipping on his coffee whilst I sucked my straw and was drowning in thoughts of my own. “You’re not sticking around to work for an asshole like me.”
“Look, man,” Sam couldn’t stand the impertinent attitude, “so far this service sucks. So if you want to make things right with what little expectation that’s left for us, then you should walk away. Or else I’ll find your manager.”
"I don't think Dean has ever had a decent birthday party, has he?" Donna frowned from by the table. She neatly stacked cutlery onto a porcelain plate.
, Dean. And because you have someone who's as inexperienced as you are, it's a lot better and it's less awkward."
"Sounds like he has his priorities mixed up," Dave frowned. "Should have been here at least to welcome the new year with you." He offered a sympathetic look at the older Winchester. "If it's anything that makes sense these days, it's the little moments that count. Right now, I'm feeling like shit knowing Andy is working late tonight and he can't be here. I bet you feel the same."
"Hey, all jokes aside," he tried whilst another waiter brushed past them carrying a tray of souffles. This time though, she snatched the merchandise. "I think that you're rather complex but entirely worth knowing."
"Honey, being in love is nothing to be ashamed of," the woman who reminded him of Angela Lansbury smiled, "it's the scariest feeling of all. But I'll let you in on a little secret. If it doesn't hurt or it doesn't make you crumble, then it isn't worth it. And it seems like you're having doubts."
He smelled wonderful; fresh and dizzying. And Castiel sighed. "Are the fairy lights a permanent fixture? I recall seeing them strung across this arch."
"I know what I want. But I'm not to be blamed for what you started by leading me on in the first place. You can't expect me to change my entire self in one week just to give you everything I've worked so damn hard to survive with."
"No. We're having a chick flick moment." Turning his head sideways, Castiel entwined their gloved fingers and stared at the path the car took through the trees, the lights ahead signaling the driveway leading towards the Winchester's house. They were numerous because of John's fear of thieves sneaking around the grounds. "I'm a failure."
He had recently turned forty, never had a girlfriend since Hanna. Always wore those funny t-shirts with questionable slogans plastered on the front. Black sneakers. Tight black pants. And that damn black frame glasses that gave him the appearance of Clark Kent just waiting to rip off his basic attire to save the world.
“Cool,” Dean swallowed and tried to search for something else to say but he was indeed backed into a corner. And very much overwhelmed still, after their dance and the feel of their bodies reacting to each other. “Good night then…” he suddenly heard himself saying, reaching for the lamp next to him, Dean turned it off and left them with the soft glow of the hall light through the slices of space between the roof and walls and the warm yellow from the lamppost outside his window.
“Dean,” blue eyes widened but never quite offered any look of judgment, “why on earth would you go out in a weather like this? Hmm?” Castiel cupped the other man’s chin into his hand and gazed back with so much worry. “You saw that a thunderstorm was brewing since lunch. How could you be so reckless—"
“Hang up, I’ll call him back,” and after the younger Winchester complied, Castiel reached for his phone on the couch and immediately his heart did flipflops. If love was supposed to feel so nervous and light-headed and anxious all at the same time then he was quite certain that he was falling and didn’t want to ever let go.
"Should I message him then?" he frowned after drawing a blue circle and including two round pools of the same color.
“Mean,” Gabe said afterwards, making room for me on the couch again and hugging his knees. “It’s like baiting a fish and then yanking the hook hard enough to rip. I don’t see what his intentions could be if not to get a rise out of you.”
The hunter's lips twitched into that small smile again. "Of course not. We're fine. I'm just tired, is all. Go on in. Meet you there soon."
Lightly resting his fingers onto the younger man’s right cheek and cutting his flow of words, Castiel turned his eyes onto green ones. “Dean,” he said softly when he was considered with so much worry and sadness, “I cannot make speeches. If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.”
“Woah!” Dean actually laughed out loud whilst carefully trying to slide the pan onto the cooling board. “Listen to you talk, Charlie! You’d believe that you’re a pro by now.”
The situation was rare, John noted, when his son would become so angry enough to keep going at something until actual tears leaked from his eyes. Batting those tears away though, he stared as Dean’s countenance contorted from fighting too much conflicting emotions and then after he could not stomach the tragedy, John put an immediate stop to it.
“Awesome,” the taller Winchester offered up a reassuring smile. “We can leave this afternoon.” And rising from the chair, he cleared his throat, threw Cas another grateful look before he headed out to start packing for the journey.
Dean’s stunned expression was only as a result of the sweetest name resting in the air between them like a soft and beautiful feeling. “Dammit, Cas. Keep giving me pet names and I’ll—” his words faltered when the actuality of easily revealing the truth felt so comfortable.
"I'll make it," Dean suddenly showed himself, descending the stairs slowly and although rather deprived of flushed cheeks, he was abundantly layered in flannel, a turtleneck sweater and jeans. "Extra honey because you're such a damn sweet person, right Castiel?"
Immediately he roused Charlie and after slipping on their coats, the two of them bundled under the umbrella and sidestepped puddles.
"Thanks, Cas," he said, obviously blushing deeply. "So are you. Anyway, um," Dean bit his lips, trying to find the spot where he had left off before drowning in those blue eyes. "So we had a six pack between us and we were watching this raunchy western movie. And he kept pulling out his book to read, which kind of got me mad because he came over to look at the movie. So I tried to take the book away from him and we started rolling around. And then he kissed me. Well, I remember it that way. He kissed me and I…really didn't feel weird about it to be honest," Dean shook his head a little, "not really. Then one thing led to another and we…you know."
"You shut your face," Dean pointed and glared back before focusing on the road ahead. "Just shut the hell up."
Castiel dragged his feet past Sam, cotton candy still in his grasp. "Fine," he said softly, "I guess it's time for me to take matters into my own hands."
Dean puffed out his chest, and quickened his pace and all the way, he was followed through the empty store as the time closed in on eight o'clock. Benny was tucked in bed, severely in need of his medication, and there he was on a poor excuse of flirting like no other he ever experienced in his entire life.
She nodded and glanced at her father who considered her with a look of utter regret. “Yeah, we had loads of good times together. Even when I found out my dad was right here in town when I was like ten, I still couldn’t understand why he didn’t even come over and talk to me.”
The wedding was quite spectacular indeed, as all family gatherings were. John had a little too much to drink which left him tipsy and spreading jokes all around the crowd that now dispersed all in good spirits. But the tremendous weight of losing another member of the family who resided inside the house was more of a tragedy than a happiness altogether for Dean. And no matter how hard he tried to suffocate the guilty trip of feeling entirely dissatisfied, nothing could cheer him up.
"Meg," Ruby said shaking her head and smiling in adoration. "She always does it. Succeeded more than two times too. This one time," her eyes sparkled, "she knocked out a guard and kicked the other one. In his balls. Oops, here she comes." Trying to pretend as if she was fixing her camera, Ruby frowned at the buttons.
“Hiding, I’m afraid,” the older man’s shoes padded on the carpeted floor as he approached large double doors down the corridor that were lacquered and well maintained. “She’s been inside her room ever since arriving last night. And yes,” Castiel turned to offer Dean a painful look, “I have always kept a room specially for her for many years now. She seems to favor it most definitely. This…” pushing open the doors, he wandered ahead and turned to assess Dean’s reaction, “is my library.”
you…makes me…" when he realized that it all slipped out so easily, and blue eyes brimmed with tears, Dean inhaled deeply. "You're my happy place," he said softly.
The two of them eyed each other, funny enough to anyone looking, they appeared to be shouting through their minds. Eyes widening and narrowing, jaw muscles jumping. Dean refused to blink and so did his long time friend until they both said enough.
"And she's pregnant. Two weeks. We think the baby is their love child," Meg tried to pry Castiel's sunglasses away from his eyes. But he batted her hand away, scowling deeply. "Hey, you have kissable lips."
Ellen could only stare as the truth settled in and the wrath was felt from both of her friends. "Well I'll be damned. He's always had it in for all of us but Dean? He used to be so nice to him."
Sam gazed upon green eyes that widened and then as Dean caught himself, he blinked quickly. "You too, Cas."
"I just wish to say this," Castiel bundled the clean blanket between them and turned onto his side, "whatever was said last night by me, I didn't mean to hurt you in any way. The words came from deep down inside of me and now that I've let them out, I feel so…"
indeed done such a thing, but the words seemed to float around the younger man without being absorbed through his shell and despite the overwhelming generosity of words and love, there were still doubts.
"Maybe you should read it," Sam said frowning. "Or maybe I will. First." He raised his eyebrows, seeking permission.
“Yeah,” Charlie dusted soft snow from the bench where a few weeks ago, Castiel cried in Dean’s arms after speaking about Claire. Sitting down comfortably, dressed in brown winter boots, thick wool pants and a bright pink snow jacket, she laughed. “Look at you working up some muscles. Shovel away, Winchester.”
“She told me that I’m…nothing to her. The last time we met,” Castiel looked at Dean and he revealed his wet cheeks and weakened countenance, “she was gracious enough to elaborate on her hatred.”
"Dean, would you like some wine?" the bottle was held out and he could feel his chest constricting, like the air from a balloon slowly draining away.
going to drag these bags—” of course you aren’t, here, let me help you. And when I stooped and collected one of the carry-ons into my arms as if it was weightless, Dean stared at me.
Dean shrugged again and his cheeks were incredulously dusted in a soft shade of pink. His lips twitched into a small smile. He nervously scratched the back of his neck and then, he discovered that his lungs had quit working.
“You said they went to the movies Tuesday gone?” Castiel’s low, gravelly tone surrounded Dean’s personal space comfortably like a blanket because the weather outside was forever changing from rain to threatening snow.
to kiss Cas. No, more like craved it to happen. Like he could just feel his toes curling when he thought about that moment. Knowing that he wanted it to happen from the first time he started falling for this guy and now?
When we got out of the vehicle, he never stayed by my side at all, which forced me to keep up one step behind him. Through the entrance we went, into the lobby and then towards another elevator. All the way I tried to keep my eyes busy, drinking in as much as I could and hoping to give Gabe details later on.
“Charlie come and help me with dessert,” Ellen stood up and immediately the younger woman rose too, “let’s leave the two best friends to talk as plenty as they want.”
But then Charlie began to explain their new hobby most animatedly and very soon, the pair became too lost in the topic. She provided her photos already taken of the mountains and he commented on the beauty by a steady hand. Then after assessing Dean’s stills, Crowley declared that there were too many good ones to choose from and if it was no bother, he would like one printed to be hung in the rectory.
"I think you're in denial," Meg said barely smiling. "I can see it all over your face. Do you know how long it took me before I realized I'd rather romance a woman? Thirty-five years."
"It's what I do," the older Winchester said harshly with a sudden glare, "and it's what gets me going. We don't have time for anything else right now. Get your head in the game."
"Of course, I have, I'm a journalist, Pete. It's my job to know these things," Castiel's blue eyes barely remained on the screen before returning to his beer. He couldn't care less.
“Hardly, when you are obviously very correct in your opinions as opposed to anyone else’s,” Castiel returned with sarcasm that was too surprising and unearthed a look of disbelief from Dean. "You're always right, aren't you? Never easy to admit that you may be lacking clarity. Never wishing to admit that you're wrong and such behavior always troubles me."
is my biological father,” Claire said, completely providing Charlie with her undivided attention, “and he’s Dean’s senior by twenty years.”
"Remind me why the hell you named those bunnies after the colors of the rainbow?" forehead creasing, Dean smiled as the air shifted between them to feeling a little lighter.
"Sam, I swear," Dean gripped the steering wheel too tightly, "if you're looking for me to kick your ass, then I promise you that you'll never see it coming."
They were far from London, somewhere in East Anglia and had been for a week now, but it wasn’t his decision.
Castiel, hovering by Dean, leaned in and softly connected his hip with the younger man’s left shoulder and the warmth between them was enough to stir up a quick flutter of butterflies. “Not so bad considering that we barely had time for frolicking. It was all strictly business.”
Dean frowned, tugged out a sheet from the pile and studied the list of words. “Remember everyone’s opinion about a book is biased. I mean, sure, I could explain the plot but when they start asking questions, then it’s up to you. An excerpt from The Hobbit?” he smiled at her. “Really, Charlie? What’s next? Lord of the Rings?”
“Soon,” Dean smiled ear to ear and sent a cheerful wave at the crowds gathered behind them. “Hey, listen, if I forget any part of my vows—”
as significant.” Balthazar scoffed and all of a sudden, his tone turned bitter.  “That godawful ex-wife of yours. She loved her drugs more than you and look where it all ended up. You have a child who shuns you. I bet the sex wasn’t even all that great but it so happened that you had the misfortune of reproducing with that sorry excuse of a woman. Whatever did you find attractive about her? She was rather frail and had these…
It was five months now, frequenting the same supermarket at the corner of West and Main Streets in a small town in Baltimore.
He couldn’t believe how everything changed between them in such a short time, briefly recalling when he used to wonder what Castiel looked like without his clothes and now…there he was actually touching and allowing his fingertips to traverse every inch. Every time he touched him though, the older man’s chest heaved, breathing through his parted lips as he gazed longingly at Dean and tried to bring them closer together.
. This isn’t just ships passing through as you said so painfully. This is my decision to let someone like you show me what it’s like to be loved, for you to teach me perhaps. With no intention of moving on to some other person.”
. Why was he constantly dwelling on jealousy? Castiel was handsome and worthy and perfect and Dean loved him so much that the torture of having to witness the older man in the arms of someone else was too much to bear, but he needed to.
When he ended the call, Castiel related as much as possible to Ruby. And she in turn, immediately rushed for her jacket and handed his over with one clear intent; to find Dean.
"Cas," Dean said in a raspy tone, as his eyes glistened a little, "I moved in with Lisa because of you."
to you. If he says he's in this for the long haul then you best believe he is. Ain't no other man or woman out there who's going to look golden in his eyes, if you get what I'm saying. Because there's just you and once you're young and things get this serious between you and someone else, once I started hearing him talk about marrying you, youths don't go that direction if they don't mean it." She nudged his shoulder and he cast a saddened look in her direction. "He walked in the damn house crying today and I hauled myself upstairs to get whatever it was out of him but he wouldn't talk."
"In fact, he is," Castiel realized that his brother wouldn't be around for the holidays and he grew a little disappointed from the decision. "He's gone to London to spend time with Michael and Gabriel. I was supposed to accompany him but of course, you understand my reason for remaining behind."
When their eyes met eventually, she didn’t stumble on her piece, but kept on playing with a warm smile gracing her pretty face; a smile possibly arising from capturing an audience that seemed to be lost in the song. Then after her fingers started to soften the tune and slowed the pace, Annalise sighed.
“I’m here for as long as it takes,” Castiel’s blue eyes were mellowed and he started clearing away the bedside table as if it was his job to take care of everything that related to the young man. “But don’t…sign me up for any social media platforms since I hardly have the time anyway because of work.”
in the mood to be asked. From Castiel's stiff smile alone, such an expression suggested that he was affected still, and because Dean didn't feel like getting up and asking for a dance, he simply sat there.
Dean silently observed the other man’s countenance and then he slowly sipped his beer. “How did you get yourself off of it, Cas?” he asked softly. “Did you just stop? Or…”
"Oh, Dean," Castiel shook his head, cheeks flushing and he clicked his tongue, then reaching out, cupped fingers caressed the other man's right cheek. "You may wear whatever makes you feel comfortable once you're with me."
"Overslept?" was the younger Winchester's greeting after thumping his brother on the back. "You wouldn't believe who's here," and even as the words left his mouth, the pair in question showed themselves, no other than Benny and Balthazar in each other's arms and appearing quite contented. "So get this," Sam leaned in closer as if the entire ordeal was a secret, "they're actually
"Like what?" she rolled her eyes and laughed. "Cooking, baking, cleaning, reading? There's nothing bad about you, no matter how hard I try to find something. And I think it's amazing how you just sidestepped all the bad influences Sam got himself pulled into and you still came out sane. Cas must be so glad to have you as a boyfriend. You're like the epitome of Prince Charming."
Just as Meg was tugging Castiel towards the table covered in tasty treats, Queen Mary was trying to trail after her son through the crowd.
“I have every right to say what the hell I want to say. The last time I checked, I am an American and where we come from, we have more than enough freedom of expression. And you can threaten me all you want, you can try to do whatever the hell you want. But you have no power over me. I am not a child. And I will not be spoken to like I’m one.”
The man was an epitome for a deliberate high school dropout. Had chosen to act rebellious against his wealthy family to pursue his dreams as a journalist. Now, after knowing each other for close to ten years, Castiel Novak was still an enigma.
Collecting his phone, he opened WhatsApp with trembling hands and he searched for the name that caused his heart to painfully squeeze from a feeling that he could not decipher, no matter how hard he tried to. The small display photo still remained the same; the two of them squeezed together inside the Impala with Dean's eyes immensely green and Castiel's own light blue like the sky. And after opening the chat window, his thumbs hovered over the keyboard until he simply started with four words.
His mother used to replace fairytales with logics of life when he was younger. She oftentimes told him that he would grow up to be terribly boring. That his obsession with books and chasing his imagination would lead him into a life of nothing. A life that would restrict him from making anything of himself.
For the latter, she constantly confided in Castiel’s company because the other members were either too old or stubborn about the belief that young people are backwards, or because they simply did not agree to her flaming red hair and flamboyant personality. The older man though, was her constant companion for the three hours spent every Saturday evening from five and very soon the two of them ended up being confidantes.
"It will," Dean said staring and holding his breath, "especially if I'm going to come right out and say it."
"Chakra beads. It sounds like your Castiel is a believer in diffuser bracelets. Did you smell any kind of fruity scent on him?"
"Go on," Dean teased, smiling from his position between Cas' legs. "I'll give you exactly what you want, darling."
Castiel sighed because indeed his family was like being dealt a bad hand of cards. “It may be inherited.”
, Dean. You cannot expect me to be all the way optimistic.” And appearing angered by their banter up to that point, he folded his arms. "I am not a perfect Prince Charming."
"You were sleeping like a baby and we really didn't think about waking you," Cas said softly, his fingers lightly tapping the arm rest on the door. "Sam piled all the cushions we could find in the bunker on the floor and we used his laptop. We had popcorn also."
It was just past four and if he managed it on time, he could get there before Ruby. Providing that she wasn't rolling around in the sack with some other lucky Londoner. But why on earth was he labelling anyone who slept with Ruby to be quite fortunate? Maybe it was that damn tight leather tank and the swell of her breasts.
Maybe it was the fact that thinking about this was way easier than talking about it. Inside Dean's mind, he was allowed to suffer alone. He could cage his heart up without having to explain why he continued to scream in agony over something that felt wrong to him. Something that obviously nagged him every single second of every single day. And the more Sam thought about it, he hated that his brother felt like they couldn't talk about it.
“Perfect weather to bundle up preferably with someone else. But since you two know nothing about that, I don’t pity you. In fact,” Sam carefully transferred baby Dean into Castiel’s cradled arms, “I have to confess that I’d like to run along up to bed now. You know…since I have someone to sleep with and all…”
And possibly it was the worst advice ever because in regards to where they were at that point, Dean really couldn’t even look at him. Not when there was a thunderstorm raging away in his soul. So how could the actuality of a kiss between them become something real? Something that either of them could treasure, to feel, to fall back on for many years to come?
"You still are," Cas provided. Their eyes met and Dean's chest heaved. He smiled and glanced away. There it was. That awfully beautiful feeling of little butterflies dancing within his chest.
“The…” Dean glanced towards the window, appearing confused, “view outside of a…ripe snowstorm? My brother who is beginning to make me worry about his sanity and my best friend who is obviously as confused as I am by your –"
“Choke on your words,” she reached for her glittery coffee cup and it was snatched even before she could retrieve it, I hugged the most precious office artifact to my chest and narrowed my eyes at her. “Give it back here because I’ll leave marks on you
Instead, the younger man left the car unlocked so that the bags could be retrieved and without sparing any response, he retreated towards the front door. From there, Dean let himself inside before he could turn back and expel all of the question marks inside of his mind and he weakly climbed he steps. Then after closing his bedroom door, he tumbled onto his bed and stayed there crying into the sheets whilst still hating the actuality of reducing himself to a sobbing teenage girl.
A very long time ago, when he younger than sixteen, the two of them would walk a good way from the houses, through the trees into a small clearing containing a lake. He could still remember the laughing and splashing of water in each other’s faces, and diving to the bottom, trying to ascertain who could hold their breaths the longest. Castiel always won for some strange reason, and the younger man would plunge into his friend’s arms, trying to push the two of them lower into the cool depths of the water.
His hands were trembling, he noticed, when he held them out for inspection and whilst walking up the same staircase he took the night of the Ball, his knees weakened from being inside a building that held a wealth of history. He was invited as a member instead of a guest of the family and was so overwhelmed about seeing Dean, knowing that he would get to talk to him and hear his voice. To look into those green eyes and to know for certain this time if their love was still as strong as he thought it was.
"Can I hold you?" Cas asked so simply, his blue eyes reminiscent of waves lapping onto the shore during a beautiful afternoon. Gently, he eased his hand further down Dean's right shoulder and squeezed. "I need to feel you. I really do. If I can't, then I might never stop dreaming."
"Well, perhaps the truth behind all of this is that he is now trying to find someone to fuel his rebellion against your father," Castiel announced with certainty. "No, hear me out," he begged when Sam shook his head in disagreement. "It's only wise to ascertain that at some point in life, one decides that in order to completely change the way things are done, they will do whatever it takes. I might be just…perhaps…the means to an end."
"You don't want us to take him down," Dean finally marveled over the loyalty behind Cas' motives. "After all this damn time, after all he's done, you're going to take his side."
By then, Dean was consumed with fear, remembering the one tragic moment in the lake many years ago when his toes slipped on smooth rocks and the currents tugged him into the deep middle. From there, he instantly sunk to the bottom of the lake until Castiel barely managed to capture him around the waist. And that was exactly what occurred after the water swallowed him whole in the pool’s depths.
“Do you love him?” aunt Marge asked in earnest when the fire in the hearth was low. “Dean. Do you love him?”
“Please talk to me,” Cas pleaded, rising from the chair and approaching the other man. He perched himself on the edge of the table, immediately in front of Dean’s form. “Let me in.”
He couldn’t understand how the two of them could have such a grand effect on one another that was so damn intoxicating, it was almost as if their pores were calling out to be touched as if they couldn’t survive the distance already.
Cas realized that kissing Dean felt like sheltering inside a café on a rainy day, wrapped in a blanket with a cup of cocoa. Blissful couldn't quite describe how Dean made him feel. Instead, he preferred the word 'home'. Like returning to the bunker after a few days out on a hunt. Like finally being able to sit down and enjoy a decent meal without having to rush through things. Like standing under the shower and allowing the warm water to rain down upon him whilst he held his breath and imagined he was floating in the Loch in Scotland. Or he was sitting on top of the Eiffel Tower as he sun set, watching all the lights of the city flicker on one by one.
Anyway, I tore my gaze away immediately because a weird warm feeling settled on my neck and it was embarrassing. It was very unbecoming of my confirmed belief that I was always straight and attracted to women only. Yes. Only the ladies mattered. I preferred the softness of a woman’s curves and would forever cling to their remarkable existence. So my concentration just moved past the staring pair of eyes and continued a little more into the huge space inside the airport. It wasn’t until I was terribly frustrated from failing at a simple task that I remembered one small detail.
Well he was waiting on the end. When Cas would decide to walk out for good without ever coming back. When he would give up everything they had experienced to drift off into another realm or to return to Heaven. Time would tell. But he was certain that Cas would leave him soon. No one ever really stayed after he lay broken in their arms. After he revealed all the shadows and demons residing inside of his soul. No one stayed so why would Cas stick around after this kind of crisis?
“Cas, it’s no bother,” Dean reached for the phone, eyes glued on his husband, “Ruby can get us something. What you feeling? Vegan or meat?”
"Of course, I've been thinking about you, man," Dean chuckled and he could feel his cheeks growing warmer. "Here's to hoping that you don't play this one out loud but there are certain parts of me that miss certain parts of you. Like…
When they were already through the door and Garth secured the latch, the sleepy, moody, and drunken side of Castiel emerged again. "I want to eat…you. I want to taste your…cock—"
“Goddammit, Dean!” Snatching up the other man’s left hand, Castiel planted Dean’s cupped fingers onto the bulge in his jeans and from there, both of them lost any kind of control.
kind of response to the injustice was necessary. Never before were they on this page, and the older man needed to know that his actions were out of order and hurtful enough to wound Dean in the most terrible way.
“Sammy, stop reading so much, it will make your brain hurt,” he drops the paper bag in front of me and grins from ear to ear.
In the shadows, I distinctly identify two figures leaning onto the right side and on the door. Dean is pinning someone between him and the car and he’s kissing the person long and deep and not coming up for air at all. His hands are buried between their bodies glued together and the other person’s hands are wound around his neck.
Castiel remained speechless, of course, and gradually, the tension between them thickened because he never released his gaze on Dean’s countenance and yet those green eyes stayed away from latching onto him completely.
Lisa’s eyes burned like coals when she stepped forward and glared at Dean. “Tell me this isn’t another one of your victims,” she gestured at Castiel, “he doesn’t deserve to be dragged into your mess. Dean Winchester, you are a worthless piece of shit. You can’t keep taking what you want and then after doing a poor job at it, you try to get everyone to think that you’re the perfect jock you always are. This needs to end now.”
Castiel clipped Dean's left earlobe between his lips and sucked, unearthing a soft moan. "Yes, very mellow. I'm mushy and it's embarrassing because you're slowly changing me into something as soft as that stuffed bee you gave me for Christmas. Which by the way, sleeps alone in my bed these days. He's developed this pitiful expression that dares me to hug him. Where on earth did you find the trench coat in his own size?"
The tsunami rose up inside of his chest and covered him in waves that contained only disappointment after some time passed in silence. He believed himself to be accepting of the prospects of such a match, but no, he most definitely was not going to inwardly embrace the union for obvious reasons. First of all, the age difference was massive, secondly Castiel's peculiar habits would never do well for someone so vibrant as Charlie. Thirdly, there was no chemistry! None at all.
There was a pie, a beautiful pie with the most amazing looking crust sitting in the middle of the table. And Dean…he slowly tore himself away from Cas' grasp and took tentative steps towards the most glorious sight, trying to decipher whether it was an apparition or real. And on top of the pie was a heart carved into the crust.
“You don’t want me to sleep with you?” Cas tried again, still confused. “I thought that we were doing just fine. I’m quite aware that I’ve returned less than six hours ago. But since then, we’ve opened up to each other. I’ve explained myself immensely to you and I’ve…we’ve kissed more than once.”
"Makes those scenes from the movies look crappy, if you ask me," Jody waved with a huge smile. "And this makes me so happy, knowing that dreams do come true. Wasn't it just the other day when we were going on and on about what would happen if these two didn't end up together?"
“Stop it,” Dean shook his head as he led the way, gravel crunching under their boots. “You’re priceless to me and no matter how many things I give you, I don’t think I can ever repay you. It would be a pre-wedding gift.”
"You might…be astonished to know that Nessie is not fictitious," Cas squinted a little. "She did exist in the loch until year 1101 when a drought took her life away. I used to watch her gloriously glide across the lapping waves."
"You honestly believe that I'm angry because of Chuck?" Dean revealed his eyes and blinked through tears.
Most of all, Dean favored the older man's neck, delighting himself in sucking on the weak spot right below Castiel's right ear as he reached between them and tugged down their slacks. Very soon, they were deprived of those and left with nothing on but their socks whilst the sheets twisted and their fingers entwined and as Dean moved slowly, grinding their hips together, Castiel lost himself. Those blue eyes became listless, focused on the ceiling and lips parted enough so that the younger man kissed them tenderly. And with their cocks slotted together, he weakly sat up, thighs clamping the older man's hips between them, and he slowly began to roll a rhythm that was too blissful for silence.
The silence that followed was deafening and Castiel was stricken with the kind of shock that washed over his face and destroyed his composure all at once.
But Dean was far from becoming settled by the rising tension between them. “Then fine. You're not perfect but neither am I so stop believing that I’m going to run off with some damn woman because it’s insulting and it’s making me feel like you think I’m reckless or something. I’m in a relationship with you. Not the world.”
?" Dean protested and followed up with a groan. "Dammit, he's older and sexy as hell. He's far ahead of me in life and he's obviously going to want things that I don't even know how to process as yet. I don’t know how to be in a relationship with someone like Cas. I don't freaking know how to touch him or…what the hell to do. Like I
“Plus, you always look like you’re going to bite someone’s head off if they talk to you. You’re kind of intimidating the way you look at people too. Like the way you’re looking at me now.” She laughed and playfully punched his arm.
Sam fixed the pillow under Dean’s head as the older Winchester stretched out on the long sofa. “Sure thing. You get some rest. See you Monday.”
“I think…that my opinion is biased regardless and therefore I will encourage you to pursue what you wish to. In all honesty,” Castiel said in an uneven tone, revealing that he was clearly affected by some kind of emotion, “you are destined to succeed in anything you attempt because you are very smart and absolutely special.”
“I love you,” the younger man croaked, finally braving an open gaze that was suggestive of so much more. “I love you with every breath I take.”
Reaching for Castiel’s left thigh without even realizing what he was doing, Dean squeezed and instantly unearthed a squeak that brought on silence afterwards. He couldn’t believe that the decision to attempt such a thing was so easy to make. But he did it nevertheless and felt a light flutter inside of his chest like little butterflies awakening. And lowered blue eyes considered the bold gesture, then their brief gaze delivered a warning that was too severe to ignore.
All of those things were imprinted in Dean’s mind when he climbed off the bed and blindly stumbled through the cold room, plugging in the heater just near the window and trying to thaw off his toes. He was weak still, mushy and unraveled enough to understand that home could be present in someone else’s arms. Home was always where Castiel could be, where his arms were and his kisses and his smell.
But the most passionate moment of all was the way Dean kept shoving all of his cock into Castiel’s ass and lifting him off his feet in the process of doing it. Until his husband’s legs dangled a little off the ground and grunting from filling Castiel up, Dean moaned into the other man’s neck.
"And that's the problem right there!" Dean cried hoarsely, tears clouding his eyes, "Cas, you always did and you never let me defend myself. You sheltered me, man. You guarded me so much that I didn’t know how to fight like Sam or bite back or get my hands dirty and that's just how much you loved me. Nothing's wrong with your intentions but it was
significant other and soul mate. But in his dreams, the senses weren’t heightened because none of what happened was real. So, Dean always prolonged the moment inside of his head until he was too hard and forced to do something about it. Most times though, his hands were never enough, and he would be left with a dull ache that remained like an uncomfortable cramp throughout the day.
Castiel finally wandered over and unearthed a small chuckle from Dean as he pushed the younger man’s black framed glasses a little more up the bridge of his nose. It was a very affectionate and teasing gesture, one he entertained for many years and because Dean was so accustomed to lighthearted humor, he wouldn’t have realized that to an outsider, especially the two agents, the small move was a very revealing one although playful. Even the cashier smiled warmly from the open display of affection between the two men and perhaps the grandest strike of luck would have been everyone’s acceptance instead of opposition.
"Look at me. I'm the one who you want to be inside of, hmm?" Castiel collected Dean's jaw and his lips danced nearer. "More than any other…woman you've ever been with. You just can't wait to fill me up and feel what it's like to cum inside of me, watching how I react. You've dreamt of it. I know you have."
"You did an amazing job," Cas reached out and ruffled the other man's hair. He sipped on his lemonade and felt somewhat lighter than before. "Do you remember the pizza man and the babysitter?"
Castiel was so astonished by the suggestive words of driving Dean to suicide, he instantly grew angrier by the second.
"That is not how this works," Castiel hurried in a softer tone after collecting the younger man's cheek into his cupped fingers and turning those saddened green eyes onto his face, "Dean, we are not chalkboards that can be erased and filled again with writing. And perhaps, you
After their last encounter, the effect was still grand. All the memories were still stimulating and the threat of devouring him was still a bit wild and threatening to remember.
When Castiel gazed back and blinked slowly, the car became warmer than the kind of cold feeling which seeped into their bones. “I haven’t. I’ve been busy as I’ve told you before.”
"We'll just dump you in the Impala," Mala grinned at the older Winchester. "And besides, isn't Cas strong enough to lift you up by himself?"
After a few seconds as Dean’s words trailed off, Cas held his breath. “Why is the idea of me being your soul mate a crazy one?”
“Blame it on a movie that captured me for over an hour but it was the plot that stirred up paranoia,” Castiel’s pulled him in closer and nuzzled their cheeks together. “After being separated from the man she loved, Barbara ended up becoming tangled with another man who was far too eager to replace the void in her heart. It’s one of those little things that keep gnawing at me because I know that there’s more to the story.”
I just stared at him for a while because I couldn’t believe he would continue with this hurtful communication between us. “It’s not pity! It’s me caring about you.” I was so riled up immediately that my heart thudded wildly inside of my chest. “Whether you choose to believe it or not, I am someone who doesn’t choose to abandon people unless I have a good reason.”
When their fingers slowly entwined and then the feeling of how perfectly their hands fitted together dawned upon him, Dean glanced down to assess what he didn’t realize had happened so naturally. And after knowing for a fact that this was the second time the gesture simply occurred without feeling any discomfort on his part, he allowed it because there was nothing else to do. Pulling away would seem so harsh and he didn’t want to do such a thing.
Long sleeved black shirt unbuttoned halfway, he presented an abundance of chest and smiled as always. “Lo and behold, you’re just the man I wanted to talk to.”
The taller Winchester sighed, “yeah well, her mother showed up and I know better than to intervene when she’s around. She’s very…robust,” he led the way through a café that consisted of bookcases in the walls painted a lovely peach, “and loud and demanding and she hates me.”
No one understood what trials he experienced, the times when he felt so lonely and desperate for someone to understand him. And love was just a figment of his imagination. Love was never something that he was used to because no one seemed to teach him what it was like for free.
After they checked into the Bird’s Nest Motel, the three of them met up in the small café downstairs to discuss the case. So far, what they had gathered was that the shifter seemed to be ripping people off by stealing their identities then withdrawing all the victims’ savings. The last suit worn by the damn thing was a petite blonde with large blue eyes.
Her willingness to provide information was slightly unnerving but refreshing at the same time. “I did not know that,” Castiel liked the color of her eyes. It was a very rich honey that appeared golden when she turned her gaze out of the window. “How did you two meet?”
"And why wouldn't he want you to go with him?" Ellen found the statement rather much filled with the kind of uncertainty she wished not to hear. "You two are a couple. A damn cute one, if I may say so myself. I know it'll last a lifetime between you because love like that doesn't just die away easy."
"Yes. Now you know. Now you will also become familiar with the jealousy I felt today after learning that Claire prefers you over me—"
Castiel nodded, his eyes burning but he kept fighting the tears. “Okay, and when you’re on medication, how does it help with those feelings, sweetheart?” his voice cracked.
Dean couldn’t help it, because stifling such a guilty opportunity would be anything but fleeting. He lifted his phone and focused the camera on the older man’s profile. The attractive features were too many for his camera to capture so he took a few of Castiel’s face as a chuckle filled the silence. When the other man laughed, the wrinkles at the corner of his eyes deepened and just for a moment when the sunlight caught those blue eyes, it was like gazing into a world that was so beautiful and so serene.
Castiel brushed their lips together, and their coats pooled behind them onto the bench. Dean’s arms around him felt like a shelter he did not ever want to leave. The kind of comfort between them was reassuring and beautiful and the most amazing feeling of all was never caring about anyone else spying on them or what others would say. Because all Castiel wanted was to share the love that bubbled up inside of him with the man he loved.
“So, if I’m understanding this correctly,” Castiel was never the type that faltered under such power, “you wasted your time coming all the way over here. Just to threaten me.”
Shaking my head as the excel sheet grew blurry from staring too long, I wondered if my life would forever be as boring as it was then. No family in New York, an empty apartment to go home to. Maybe two friends because I left the rest in New Jersey. Now as the days went by, the phone calls from my father trickled down to maybe one in two weeks. Zachariah used to call every single day, and that was something that triggered my nerves before but now? My mother was neck deep in cases since she was a lawyer and my brothers...well they entertained lives of their own. In comparison, my move to New York was something that no one cared about.
But then there could be many definitions of ‘being screwed over’, right? Like when Cas decided to leave a breath of an inch between them and very bravely, as those blue eyes drowned green ones, he slowly unzipped Dean’s jeans. Certain of what was to be achieved, knowing that perhaps his declination to the other man’s needs was terribly selfish. Even though he might have been able to control himself, he marveled over the power their chemistry held over Dean. The way his eyes grew wide as saucers when Cas slid his hand into the hunter’s boxers. And when the back of Dean’s head hit the wall, his eyes became glassy.
The younger man blinked slowly, mesmerized by the depth of blue and the tone, that soft and comforting tone that melted his worries. “How?”
“I don’t have time for this. Get up,” he cut her off and strode to Sally’s desk. She stared at him coming like a deer in the headlights. “You too. Both of you.” By then, Ruby was back to filing her nails with a smug look. “Get the hell out of my sight and report to Ellen. You’re not coming back without a clear understanding of what the fucking chain of command means around here and how important it is to do your damn jobs. Now!” he fired back as one lazily rose up from her desk and sauntered away and Sally hopped after like lightning was firing behind her.
“Oh, really?” Castiel sent her an interested look and smiled warmly. “And who might these certain people be?”
“Jesus, the British accent makes you a million times more appealing,” Gabriel extended his arms and moved in for a hug. “bring it in, your Highness. I’m a hugger. The only time I curtsy is after I’ve given a blowjob. Which is often, by the way.”
He needed to stop. Castiel wanted to plead with Dean to stop saying those kinds of words that had so much depth. But he couldn't. He didn't want to stop him.
“I mean Ellen. She’s gone and now it’s just me and dad inside that goddamn big house,” Dean gestured at the colonial style abode that contained wide windows and three levels. “I really don’t mind the space, but the echoes in empty rooms. We have so many rooms in there that I don’t even go into on a daily basis. And the freaking living room is so large that we could fit thirty people in there with space left over.”
The Prince…the man who was scandalous and wild and loved parties. The Prince who was always extroverted and carefree and laughing. He had read Pride and Prejudice nine times. Nine.
Sam and Eileen’s baby daughter was born twenty four hours after she slipped into labor, on a warm and sunny morning that came after the thunderstorm.
He had been doing a lot of deep thinking lately. Talking to his demons. Listening to them whisper and toss around as they weren't trying to rip him apart anymore. But they were dancing around because of the dangers of love. And they were reveling in the feeling.
“I apologize,” Cas provided with a small smile. He settled into his chair, arms folded. “Go on, Sam. Tell us about the case.”
Dean tore his gaze away from the mansion and slowly approached Castiel who held his breath and couldn’t quite believe how captivated he was. With just a red and blue short-sleeved plaid shirt and a pair of black jeans, the older boy was as handsome as he always appeared in his varsity jackets. And because he was just a few inches taller, the age difference between them seemed a little more convincing of Castiel’s guilty desire to date an older guy.
"Hey," Dean offered, turned on his side and admiring every inch of the other man's face. "Doesn't feel like a good morning. But looking at you feels like I'm in my own kind of Heaven."
After he couldn't really sleep during the night, Dean woke up feeling groggy at 5am. But he wasn't alone. Donna was pacing around in kitchen with a cup of steaming coffee grasped between her hands. And when she acknowledged his entry through the doorway, Donna couldn't even offer a full smile. Instead, she handed him a cup and both of them sat around the table with comfortable silence surrounding the space.
But Kaia froze up from the thought of approaching two people who Claire considered as her fathers, and wondering if they might be too judgmental on her character. "I don't know if I can meet them."
Those green eyes sparkled and taking a hold of Castiel’s hips, the other man started to deliver the best blowjob he had ever been on the receiving end of. Running those wet lips over the length of him and sucking with just the right amount of vigor that was enough to turn Castiel’s mind upside down, Dean kept on going on his knees.
Cas shrugged and chewed whilst thinking. He reached for his glass of fruit punch and took the straw between lips that Dean studied intently before turning away. “The answer is simple, I fear. Work, then home then work again. On my vacation days, I’m away in New York with my two brothers and sister. But when I’m here…I’m very much engrossed in reading, and then as much rest as I can get.”
“That’s not what I meant, but I’m not going to turn away a compliment,” he teased me by lightly slapping my face sideways until I was smiling. “Maybe your problem is that you’re too adorable. You’ve got to lighten up and give in to your inner sexy fucking nature."
"I want you," Dean finally managed to say as the feeling of being suffocated melted away gradually. He rested their foreheads together as their chests heaved. "All of you. I want to…taste you, Cas. I want to see you. All of you. Son of a bitch," he groaned when Cas slipped out of his grasp and weakly made his way down the steps.
Slowly, the angel's form materialized. Skin paler than usual. The light in his blue eyes had faded to a flat color. And worst of all, he was still crying softly as he crumpled to the floor, unable to bear the burden he had been carrying for years.
The bunker was dangerously empty. Sam wandered around as if he was in zombie land. And the simplest clank of the air conditioner set him in a tizzy.
“My sister,” Castiel said, still smiling and they both kept their arms around each other because touch was something that once established between them in that moment, only was expected to soothe the weight of their last conversation “Anna, I’d like you to meet Dean.”
Swallowing hard, his green eyes still registering a new kind of curiosity and awe at the same time, he complied. He slowly bent down, collected the keys and folded them into his palm. Then lifting his stare to meet mine that were filled with doubts, Dean closed the distance between us with tentative steps like if he was suddenly afraid of me. I could have determined that much by the look of utter disbelief on his face that still showed clear as ever. After what I had done? After what he started? The two of us had fucked up big time and broken a barrier that spilled out a bunch of insecurities.
“Are you two talking about me?” Dean’s voice climbed a few octaves from where he stood, glaring. “So not cool.”
“Right, fuck, uh…” he genuinely appeared out of sorts for a few seconds, as if coming out of a daze. Then he remained seated and after plopping his head onto the back of the couch, those green eyes fluttered close. “Give me about an hour before putting through any calls though. The Excedrin isn’t working and I just feel so…fucking wrecked.”
“Really?” Castiel was mildly surprised that someone would actually comply when he was hoping to push in a lot of handsy action before turning eighteen at least.
was just distracting enough. It was like staring at the epitome of some kind of a miracle and losing your breath because of its perfection.
John always wanted them to be humble young men, of good stature and at least five years practice in his mechanic shop.  He believed that theory only equipped a man with smarts suited for good conversation. But practical things like getting under a car and fixing the engine worked up enough muscle to keep their masculinity in balance. And although Sam’s limbs extended rather much more than his older brother’s, he managed to mold his physique quite spectacularly enough to catch the eye of many girls.
“You can go ahead and end me now,” Dean whispered through his tears, hands trembling and knees still weak. “Because I deserve it.”
When Ruby gestured for him to go into the room, Castiel rose up, fixed the knot on his black tie and stiffly entered through the heavy door.
in a way. I mean, all I need is right here in this town and it’s always been here. How long you been married?”
Castiel couldn't contain himself, he simply used his voice through every thrust until his eyes were filled with tears. Until he buried his face into Dean's neck and bit down hard, choking on his body's anticipated climax. Over and over again they rocked into each other, experiencing a very new position that was entirely strategic and intimate.
"Barry was a leach," Dean frowned. "He pretended to be my friend just so that he could steal my girl," he said matter-of-factly.
“He’s accommodated by the likes of Ellen and Bobby. My absence wouldn’t be so severe. I see you’ve finally managed to secure a copy of the magazine.” Castiel rose up and placed the tray on the younger man’s lap with the smallest of smiles. “Is it a good read thus far?”
Dean was collecting two beers from the red ice cooler resting on the counter top. He seemed tense all of a sudden. And when Cas' footsteps padded into the room, those green eyes met blue ones.
“You know, your dad is like the coolest ever. You’re so lucky to have at least one parent,” she sighed and lowered those sparkling green eyes as they walked, “I literally have no family left. And I mean, no idea who my relatives are and where they are. But I do have people who care about me from the orphanage. The nuns aren’t so bad.”
They kept touching each other discretely during the two hours, fingertips kissing the inches on hands that were concealed between their thighs. Ever so often, Castiel would brush their shoes together, as if yearning more than anything else to achieve some kind of intimacy which couldn’t be accomplished in such a setting. Dean's heart hammered away, he completely became lost along the procession of the Mass and it was so evident that they were perhaps making love through those small touches. And because they were growing quite needy, and desperate to savor each other in every way possible, the heightened adrenaline that arose from stealing intimate gestures was phenomenal.
But although a certain contentment washed over him before entering the cottage, it was soon evaporated when he pinpointed Castiel soon after. Every single emotion rushed back like tidal waves, sweeping him under and suffocating him until he simply hung back in the hallway. And from there, Dean could not breathe, even as he tugged at the collar of his red shirt and tried to gain some kind of control of himself, the moment would not pass.
“That’s just…no way,” Dean shook his head and turned up two matching cards again and this time, Charlie huffed out an impatient sigh. “I don’t buy that at all. It’s the other way around. What the hell is there to worship about
"Language!" Jody scolded from the table, helping Donna to fix every single plate of food in a precise manner. There was a spread of beef in gravy, steak, BBQ chicken, sausages and rice, ravioli and cheese and beer, lots of beer.
"Dean, no one is blaming you for never being open about something like this," Sam offered a sympathetic look. "But you never exactly made it easy to Cas to talk about his feelings with you. Cas," he said, urging the angel to pitch in, "tell him about the time when you were going to confess our feelings and what you found.
Dean scrutinized the other man from his disheveled hair to his polished shoes and sighed, chest falling slowly. And even though his intentions were obvious as his answer would be, he still prolonged the words from escaping. He continued to drink in every inch clad with clothes and just imagined what his world would be like if they pushed just a little until there was nothing else left. “Let’s just say you’re like a gift that I can’t wait to unwrap.”
He couldn’t believe how the younger man’s body trembled from their embrace, and because they were coming together for the first time with the knowledge of how love could overflow from a friendship into so much more, the world disappeared around them.
“Well, whoever it is wouldn’t be able to withdraw any kind of savings using our fake IDs,” Sam pointed out. “We don’t have bank accounts. And besides, like you said, why did he or she ditch the car?”
Until he couldn't control the sounds he began to make. The throaty moans and the way his body quivered and convulsed and when both of them began to cry out from the building up of a hot and heavy crescendo, Dean found Cas' parted lips and he kissed him deeply and hungrily again. This time though, they both tried to muffle their hoarse cries from the pleasure rippling through their veins and dizzying their heads. The moment of complete bliss and the feeling of drowning in each other's bodies, pure and raw and sensational.
"Man," Sam ran his fingers through flawless hair and settled back in his chair that creaked a little. "If I told you that he regrets every thing he's said and done to you, would you get better?"
“I know you did,” Hanna actually chuckled and her cheeks colored tremendously, “that’s why I said those things. And you know…Dean…to be honest with you, Castiel wasn't ever in love with me. I came here to visit, to sight see after so many years of leaving this place and we just met up back. I think…what he wanted was to confide in a friend and to spend time with me instead of you. He is the best man I've ever known. He's beautiful inside and out, he cares…so much about people he loves. He doesn't settle for less. He doesn't feel like he's worthy to have more. He is brilliant and compassionate and honest and open. There are things he's going to tell you about himself, a different side of him you'll get to see. But don't ever be alarmed by what he shows you because he trusts you to know the
He couldn't believe it at first. Not really. Not when all this time…all this time he really thought that Cas had lost his powers. But right there in front of his eyes, his best friend who had kept the biggest secret from him, held his shaky palm over Dean's bleeding wounds and he was…he was healing him. Even from where Sam sat, he could see the blood disappearing, as if Dean's body was drinking it all up again hungrily. And then the deep stab wounds just…disappeared under the glow of Cas' hands.
He clicked SEND and settled into the chair and then for the first time in many years, Dean didn't rush to undo what he had done. He felt contented with his message. There was that damn calm feeling again, almost like he was sedated and his feelings were covered down in a pot and left to sizzle.
"Nah," Dean settled back on the plastic chair and listened to the wind howling around them. "Think I'll head in now. Feeling drained from driving all day plus this weather is getting to me." When he got up, he tossed the car keys at his brother. "Take her around back before you head in. Under the shed."
"How could I forget?" Dean gave into laughing loudly. "Man, you were something back then. You were always so…clueless at times and it was so adorable that I couldn't help myself from falling in love with you. Like the time when I took you out to get laid and you freaked out that poor girl until we got thrown out."
slept with a woman before but he made it sound like the simple act of having sex was so mundane as compared to more thrilling aspects. Like he was a pro and I was a newbie, and I wouldn’t doubt that, but if he wasn’t active in years, then who was he to judge me?
“Aww!” Amanda hugged herself. “So he stands on his tippy toes to kiss you. The two of you slept together?”
Cas, on the other hand, raised his eyebrows and felt the softest flutter inside his chest. Dean had turned the opportunity down in the most gentlemanlike way ever. And this alone wrapped Cas inside a warm blanket, knowing that he had fallen in love with a very kind man who would go out of his way to match a pretty woman up with a friend of his.
"Flawless skin, so smooth and beautiful and radiant," Castiel danced their lips closer, his words slipping into a softer tone, "the contours on your back like planes I just am eager to traverse…my hands…are dying to touch you. My fingertips are aching to feel you. All of you."
“I…was…” the Prince’s voice hoarsened, deeply affected by the other man’s words, he cleared his throat. “I was talking about the kiss I blew you. But okay.”
“Screw you, Cas,” he suddenly said and his face washed over with emotions, not really suggesting hurt alone but anger as well. “I don’t need your fucking pity.”
Castiel approached quietly, frowning at the other man standing with his hands in his pockets. And as he drifted closer, the inches being eaten away by their desire for each other, he dreaded that he needed to leave. He wanted to stay, to be asked to stay and to spend the night with the Prince.
"Why on earth…" Cas began in a breathless tone, "would you even believe for a moment that I wouldn't like what I would see? Dean, you're…simply…beautiful. Every inch of you. You're beautifully toned and your scars…" when blue eyes traversed the marks of a few shallow cuts on the hunter's right hip, he understood immediately.
“Go on, go on,” Benny was studying Castiel like he found him rather amusing an intriguing at the same time. “You’ve got those soulful eyes, and I know that’s why he fell for you. Where you from?”
“All of your feelings,” she rested a hand upon his right arm reassuringly, “are totally valid. There’s nothing wrong with you, Dean. Once you feel something, there’s a reason why. All I’m saying is that maybe you should step out of your comfort zone and wow Cas. Do the things he would least expect and show him that you’re really husband material, you know? Like…okay,” she tucked a few strands of red hair behind an ear and inhaled deeply, studying the swirling snow outside the window, “think of this as him being some rich King and you’re one of the suitors who needs to make him believe that you’re good enough to marry.”
Dean could have cried, turned away and shed his tears into the pillow but he was determined to change, to present himself as an altered young man who braved the world. He could do that much, because he had come a long way and people didn’t bloom from staying in the same vexed moods constantly. They didn’t bloom by withdrawing and sinking into a pit of despair. They bloomed when they opened up and revealed their imperfections and sought the truth and understood that others were broken too.
Or never getting to touch each other every second of every day, or driving all the way to Hampshire, aching to kiss, but holding back because of the two other passengers in the backseat.
But then, Castiel remembered Ruby. He remembered how unjust it was for the Prince to interfere, to stick his nose in and base his judgments wrongfully. Of how he felt compelled to deprive other people of happiness whilst he really wanted it the easy way by pretending and acting so bold and reckless and immature.
Suddenly, the light in his friend’s eyes dulled and immediately he regretted the slip of his tongue, knowing that if positions were reversed and he was in such a situation, then Castiel moving on would literally kill him in every possible way.
“You’re freaking awesome. If Dean doesn’t marry you, I will. I swear.” And yanking the container from inside the bag, Sam collected a plastic fork, then settled in front of the television.
"Stay?" came the soft words delivered under the crackle of the logs, when their fingers were entwined.
“Thanks, Cas,” was all he could manage in a hoarsened tone that sounded rather unlike himself. Then knowing not what to do except to gaze into blue eyes, Dean detached himself from the trunk of the tree and sighed as he walked to the edge of the cliff and studied the mountains carefully.
“Let’s go,” he saved my anxiety attack by deciding that I wasn’t going to be his slave as yet. It would probably take a little time, unless he wanted to harass me.
"I know," Sam nodded. He carefully patted his brother's hunched shoulder. "At least we're getting somewhere, huh?"
"I've broken you. You yourself have said it countless times. I don't see a reason why I should continue hurting you because nothing I do seems to be enough for you. If I was enough then you wouldn't wound me with your words as quickly as you did before. I thought we were happy, Dean. I don't want you to move on but it seems as if that's the path you will take because –"
“I’ve suddenly lost my appetite,” Castiel’s gravelly voice was deepened from his overwhelming flow of emotions. “Dean, if you must know, you’ve managed to disarm me completely. I had no idea you were so…drawn to me that you wish to go further than us kissing.”
When Dean finally kissed him, it was the kind of kiss that opened their hearts up wide enough to feel like they weren’t separate people. They were already one and they knew what each other tasted like, when to tilt their heads, which pace to fall into and when to come up for air. And after they both realized that the changes between them were closing major gaps, there wasn’t a chance of living a future without each other.
“So, you’re asking me to keep on loving you, then,” the older man said softly, returning their eyes to an intense gaze that was always disarming. “Because that is the reason behind my contentment. I may not be a Prince but when I think of how fortunate I am to have you, maybe I am the luckiest man in the world.”
It happened so fast for Dean though, because from the moment he entered the small place manned by a lanky pimpled face teenager, his eyes rested on two beefy men in one of the lanes. They looked very familiar, and of course such a thing wasn't uncommon because of a small town like Littleton, so after paying for his gas, he was just about head to the door when one of them called him by his name.
Two knocks on the door yanked him out of the tank full of immoral thoughts. And sighing, he locked the laptop. Then his footsteps padded softly on the floor as he went towards the intruder of a very peaceful afternoon.
Tears were in his eyes, warm tears that plopped onto the desk and also accompanied a breaking and tearing kind of feeling inside of his chest and Dean simply nodded. He gingerly chewed his lips and nodded because she was just handing all of this information to him about Castiel's character and he never believed that she could trust him in such a manner. But generalizing her statements, the one fact that beamed from her disposition was her consideration for her friend, wishing him the best. And had Dean been in her shoes, thankfully he wasn't, he would have to deliver the same speech to whoever Castiel decided to choose as his wife, his spouse, his lover…someone who might not have been him.
wonder about those things from time to time and you know what? It doesn’t make me feel terrible about it,” Castiel’s manner of sitting reflected someone of exceptional upbringing because his back always remained as stiff as poker.
Castiel shook his head, and carefully pried his own blue cupcake apart as if trying to diffuse a bomb. The delicacy in handling the snack was a little too mesmerizing for the younger man to ignore. “Every woman in Littleton has always wanted you, Dean. That's not surprising to me."
"Her sister," Sam stated, smiling from the carnations in Cas' hands to his brother and then back to the angel. "Well, this is nice."
“Dad,” Sam began, shuffling his tiles around and trying to figure out a word, “so get this. It finally happened.”
Dean remembered doing those awful things. Or so he called them. Like leaning in a little too much when they were sitting together. Just so that he could feel how warm Cas was. Just so that he could somehow invade Cas' personal space to feed off of his energy. To feed his guilty conscience of knowing that deep down inside, the truth wasn't all about running from his tormenting feelings about Cas. The truth was knowing that the definition of home and comfort and love and care was all about that one damn angel who had turned his world upside down ten years ago.
"I'm scared that I'll lose him," he admitted, "or he'll leave me when he sees me for who I really am."
"Cas!" Dean wrapped his arm around the other man and tugged him into a squishy hug. Then he nestled his face into the crook of Cas' left shoulder, blushing deeply. "Don't tell Sam my secrets or else he'll use them on the ladies."
"I'm serious," Castiel's forehead creased in concern whilst he tenderly touched the light bruises on such a handsome face. "If there is any—"
“He was so amazing,” Jody laughed when Charlie stared at them in awe. “Dean probably doesn’t know half of it because no one ever talks about it but your best friend…” she jerked her chin at the other man smiling at something Bobby was explaining to him, “…he was so attractive as a senior, all the girls were begging him to be his prom date. And I mean…all of them. The head of the cheerleading squad, Sasha Fielding too.”
"I was wondering how those living conditions may affect you. It's not for the faint hearted and you're most certainly
began to vigorously knock down the concrete walls on the bottom flat and Dean resorted to sitting at the top of the concrete stairs just outside of his castle in the warm sunlight.
“You mean like he must have been abused so he associates the act with the trauma?” I hoped that Gabe didn’t suffer from anything like that because he had been through his fair share of abusive partners.
Despite his guilty plan to match make his friend with the dashing, and single British Deacon, Dean remained silent and observant of the scene unfolding. Something was always off about Crowley, whether it was his severe sophisticated appearance or his rather mysterious persona; Dean could not highlight the distinct meaning of the older man's aura. But what he could estimate was that Charlie took a liking to the man. She latched onto him quite willingly and provided enough clarification that the bond was promising.
“Exactly,” Castiel pressed a chaste kiss onto Dean’s forehead. “Also, I cannot deny that sex plays a significant part in being your lover. But…” he kissed Dean’s lips whilst he chuckled, “it is not substantial as compared to everything else that encompasses how beautiful you are to me. I love the depth of your heart, Dean. You’ve proven to me that love has no bounds by keeping your promise after we parted a little over three months ago. It’s something that I will never forget. And believe me, whenever you’re ready for us to go all the way as you keeping teasing me constantly, I’m not going to leave you afterwards.”
"You forget that I am also Queen and I hold an equal amount of power as your father," Mary reminded him in a certain tone. "If there is anything that you want, and your heart desires it, I will always keep fighting for you. I've always told you, Dean, that your beliefs are justified by how pure your heart is. There is no shame in wanting to fall in love with someone before you marry them."
“It was me,” Tran said quickly, rushing to the point right away because he was always in a hurry. “The car that drove past you guys. I’ve been thinking about it all night and it’s driving me crazy. I saw enough to know enough but I don’t know what to make of it. All I want to know is one thing. Did he hurt you? Did the bastard come onto you or something?” His voice rose with every passing word.
“What is black and white and is red all over? A goddamn boring newspaper just like anyone’s life would be without sex. Did the big lug and the short dumb get the baby as yet?”
"You can. But…you have to give each other the chance to finish what is being said. Only after he reads out his five points then you can contribute. Go on, Dean," Sam pleaded with a sympathetic look as his brother continued to stare with a gaping mouth at Cas.
Mary was nothing but the warmest smiles and perfectly glowing as she selected her brother in the front row and nestled beside him in immediate warm laughter. She was dressed in yellow and as radiant as a ball of sunshine.
Dean was staring in astonishment because finally the pieces were fitting together. The teasing, Sam never backing down for obvious reasons and now... “Cas?” he whispered, his voice barely audible above the wind and the logs crackling in the hearth.
They left the pub at a quarter to eleven and stumbled out into the alley leading toward the main road.
Dean closed the distance between them and wrapped Cas in a tight embrace. By then, the burning need inside of them to screw each other senseless had simmered down and was now replaced by a warm kind of toe-curling love. A fuzzy feeling that spread around in Dean's chest and made him smile into Cas' soft, disheveled hair.
"It was my fault," Sam persisted and he paused when two guests passed by, whispering to each other in earnest. "I shouldn't have kept asking him questions about you in front of our father. I was…kind of strung up on too many glasses of champagne. And it's enough to get my tongue loosened up too much."
