He blinked stupidly at the display.
“And now?” Cas asked quietly.
“No.”
He’d been a casualty of one of the early battles when the Volkrod had first arrived in 1980. But it hadn’t been Frank who lost his life; it had been Frank’s Galla wife and their sons.  Oddly, considering the Volkrod were supposedly heartless demons, when they had sublimated the Michigan Faelchu and taken over the state, the Russian Wolves had allowed the grieving Devereaux to simply leave and return to the human world.  Except for thrallIng him to keep the existence of the Wolfkin secret, he had been gently dismissed from servitude.
an immersion tank?”
But when his song bounced back to him, his blood chilled. Because whatever manner of creature approached, it was of an impossible size. His original idea of a moving mountain suddenly became less of a metaphor and more a truth of nightmare proportions. The leviathan was surely large enough to swallow the entirety of Atlan several times over.
And the thin thread of sanity he had barely clung onto since Dean’s rejection eighteen months earlier, snapped completely as he vividly recalled the moment in the cargo hold when Dean had rejected him
”That was Russian,” Gabriel said.
“Lots of people have cats. How was I supposed to know the collars were for your cat?” Sam argued weakly.
he had the ability to thrall Castiel, the way he had thralled his grandfather. The way he had frequently thralled Sammy to keep him safe. He could possibly
“I make myself available for two hours after lectures, Jaytel, and two hours only. My lecture finished three hours ago. Which you would know, had you even bothered to attend it. That lecture was also, as you are aware, the final deadline for receipt of that particular completed assignment. Consequently, I have already lodged a failing grade against you with the administration. You are, frankly, as late to appeal that decision as you were late with the assignment itself.”
received the return of his original investment and had retained, as per the original contract, a 25% share-holding of the company,
Because after that first meeting, whenever Castiel snuck away from his snoozing tutors and slipped through the lava tunnels to the sea outside, Dean would inevitably be waiting for him, impish grin on his handsome face, and rather than spend his stolen time in peaceful, lonely reflection or in the pursuit of developing his ‘scientific mind’, Castiel soon found himself lured further and further away from the palace on one reckless adventure after another.
Inside... it was a scene of bloody destruction.
“You charge your clients 15 credits for me to drink a shot of colored water?”
“Because I once killed off a character that was getting on my nerves and she came back as a ghost,” Charlie said.
Sam was just glaring at the way Bobby was using his legs freely to assist as zipped around the room’s uneven stone floor on the office chair. “Was the wheelchair upstairs your sick idea of humor?” he demanded angrily. “Because I don’t find it ‘funny’ when people think disabilities are some kind of costume they can wear when it suits them. Faking disability is offensive to me.”
If he’d always known Michael’s sole interest in him was his rank, that Michael’s apparent love had always been just an elaborate deception, then Dean’s own heart wouldn’t have ended up shattered along with his dreams.
”You wouldn’t be such a bitch.”
Castiel shrugged. “Possibly. He was my only source of information, and it occurred to me I might regret actually killing him. I told Luke to just throw him into the oubliette. I expect he survived the fall.”
“Woah,” Dean exclaimed as they landed. “I was only asking for a couple.”
had forgotten about that part of things.”
Worst of all, he hadn’t seen his mother at all for months.
For Jimmy it had been a relief, to be honest. The idea of spending his last few weeks or months with only palliative care had been a welcome one. Particularly since he would probably be able to spend most of that time living as his avatar.
Which is why he was so furious about being driven out of that barn before he’d gotten around to actually killing those mewling NPC’s. All those hours of hard work and he’d come out of the encounter without a single SP point.
Sobolev glanced in his direction, looking worried.
A big game, maybe. So there would be
See the real Gan, not his Omega. And use your
“The client wished me to defend. It was their position that should the litigants find themselves unable to gain a monetary advantage from holding that patent, they might be persuaded to sell ownership of it.  The litigants declined the offer at the time but it is possible this letter is designed to re-open negotiations towards a sale.”
see you being capable of that.”
seem inviting to him because he was
“Because we’re bestest, truest, friends forever,” Castiel stated, a little sadly.
Castiel shook his head mullishly. “Although he has not said a word to me to claim any credit and I have tried not to eavesdrop, I have listened to his side of enough telephone conversations to be fully aware of how industrious he has been in enabling this Festival. I am, frankly, disappointed that none of the Festival literature acknowledges his hard work.”
The Archivist looked at him closely, his eyes twinkling with some internal mirth.
As it happened, when Celeste was still in her final year of University, her mother had passed away quite naturally, a victim of pneumonia, so Celeste no longer had a pressing compulsion to join RRE after all.
“Not specifically.”
“Hmmm,” Crowley said. “Aren’t you a strange one? I don’t understand it. You don’t look stupid, so why you’d refuse such a lucrative career is beyond me. Still, maybe your loss is my gain. In fact, perhaps it could work to my advantage. Minimum wage. Bar duty only. Lodging provided. Benefits are all mine that way and you get to play untouchable ice princess to your heart’s content.”
finds ‘shiny’ are edible things,” Castiel snarled.
So Dean learned it was perfectly valid to consider himself
(See the end of the chapter for
“Я пришел к тебе с миром, Я пришел к тебе с миром, брат,” Luke announced, throwing the man to the ground at Castiel’s feet.
“Probably would have been better not to activate the sigil though,” Ash admitted reluctantly.
“Maybe you lot can’t, but I can,” Dean said. “Because my wolf has the keenest nose anyway and definitely looks less obviously wolf. I can throw a low level thrall around us to help the illusion.”
I have found him but I also need to make it clear I am still not forcing his hand,” Castiel said. “How can I impress him by not chasing him if he doesn’t believe I even know where he is? And also, there’s no point opening the door if he doesn’t like what he sees on this side of it. I have to make sure that this is a pack he wishes to join.”
shit. Because you always knew your presence in-game would immediately bring this whole fiasco to a crashing halt.”
“Some palates are more discerning than others,” he suggested, his tone deliberately edging towards sharpness as he stiffened in instinctive awareness of some subtle danger from this man.
Or perhaps, better to describe him as standing on a metaphorical representation of Sam’s avatar as reduced to a state of pure code.
“He does that,” Sam replied. “When he gets on a roll like this it’s best to just nod and look pathetic until he runs out of steam.”
The Alpha’s cock moved like a new-born pup, blindly following the instinct to seek the place of succor. Swift, greedy, sure of purpose, the fat thick head of Cas’s cock found the secret place between Dean’s legs and pushed forward ravenously. Its vast girth finding bare resistance from Dean’s slick blood swollen labia.
Aaron’s star, on the other hand, had risen so high as a profiler that he was now a Supervisory Special Agent, the Unit Chief of Quantico’s Behavioral Analysis Unit, no less.
“There is that,” the Archivist agreed, some of his ire placated. “And I see that Castiel is being a good little soldier. I
Neither had his expression changed.
”It’s not dog.”
cause.”
“I AM ALPHA,” he roared. “YOU WILL SUBMIT.”
with him. Not just nod at him over a dining table and make some inane comment about the weather,” Castiel growled impatiently.
“Crude, but effective,” the Reaper agreed. “Please extend an explanation and my apologies to him. He’s an intelligent young man. He will understand and accept my motivations in this instance.” He paused, thought about it, then added, “Eventually.”
"I have told them I am here with my
“Sheesh, I just asked,” Dean muttered. “You’re a system interface. How am I supposed to know what maps are available to you?”
Sam frowned in confusion. “I was told, by a friend, it’s really popular.”
“If you want to leave tomorrow, I guarantee no one will stop you,” Loki said. “This isn’t a prison. It’s not as though anyone would believe your story anyway, is it?  So if you want to turn your back on your inheritance, and possibly end up locked in a loony bin, knock your socks off, Deano. We only wanted to keep you here long enough to be able to explain the choices available to you. Gotta say most people would see the opportunity of obtaining near-immortality to be a pretty good gig.”
Six year old Dean did
solution.”
Joyce frowned at the file in her hands.  “Your mother has stage four bowel cancer. She also has advanced dementia,” she said thoughtfully.
Castiel growled. “I am not a pup. Neither am I our mother. I know, for example, that you and Kali partook of sexual relations before she offered her bite and that is
It didn’t matter, Eve assured her, that she had no experience in personal combat. Apparently most players of the game were in the same boat and
“I don’t even think we’d be facing that many. Can’t see many of the crew getting involved. Kidnap is past their pay grade. Might be more dangerous for you, though. Michael knows my titleholder is a Qui. He finds you and me together, fleeing on a small ship, he’s going to assume you’re Cas.”
Neither was he proud of the real reason he’d chosen that particular clinic. It had nothing to do with the fact it was subsidized because it was a training clinic staffed by students. Castiel could have easily, and happily, afforded to pay for Dey’n to be treated anywhere. His decision was not driven by cost.
the idea of him being  a strong wolf. A protective wolf. A providing wolf.
"And all I could think," she said, "was that I'd somehow accidentally uncovered some deep, terrible company secret and then, when I saw the names of the programmers, saw that Mary Winchester had been one of the six, I put two and two together and came up with a gadzillion and one.  I thought, well, I don't know
Apparently ‘scruffy, stern, but hot Professor’ was one of his Mariposa’s personal kinks.
They were walking slowly, their steps measured, and, except for the slight awkwardness of having to carefully slip past them because the two hulking Tsalun filled almost the full width of the narrow alleyway, their presence didn’t cause him any alarm.
O’Toole shrugged again. “Dunno what to say. He was pretty tall for his age and kinda built for a twelve year old. But I guess that was the Alpha in him. I definitely would have taken him for his brother if he hadn't been so obviously Alpha.  I mean he kind of looked like a strapping fifteen or sixteen year old. Brownish hair. Green eyes. Good looking kid. Very good looking. Had this big white smile and easy manner, but he was cold too. All pretty surface charm, like a velvet-sheathed knife.  He had power, you know? The kind of cocky confidence all Alphas have, I guess."
turn up and so I gotta say that C.H.U.C.K. finally came through for me.”
“If that is who you wish me to be,” Tu’er Shen replied, his voice as deep as a ravine, sonorous, full-bodied, as powerful as a storm. As gentle as a caress. “I can be anything you wish me to be.”
would be a totally acceptable, if regrettable, outcome.
“Do not dare to sit there and say my brother is just an acceptable casualty of war,” Sam snarled.
”Not the Omega you fool,” Samuel yelled.
”Sam’s right. The
some muscle-bound, sword-wielding hero.  Let alone one apparently occasionally being worn like a meat puppet by some virtual ‘Angel’.
thing.”
By the time Dean had deactivated his immersion tank, hauled himself out, had showered the gunk off, gotten dressed and been ready to leave his apartment to go to ‘Lil Beanz, a good forty five minutes later, Ash and a pale-faced Charlie were already at his front door.  Taking one look at her tear-reddened eyes and haunted expression, Dean didn’t need to be a psychic to understand what she meant when she demanded, “How did you know?”
“The old fat guy you call Zeppelin,” Loki explained, with a casual shrug. “Peruvian cat god. Had a thing for Kathy. Wasn’t a grand romance. More just a sex thing. But they were exclusive, so must have been real in its own way. The two of them were knocking boots for centuries. Love is love, even when it isn’t
The ceaseless noise was another reason why his drive had been so fast.  His wolf wasn’t letting him rest, and driving the car was better than tossing and turning pointlessly in a motel bed. The wolf was ceaselessly circling inside his skin, sniffing and scratching, seeking a way to break out of its cage. Dean feared if he closed his eyes
“I don’t care,” Dean replied mulishly. “If you think I’m gonna let you ever go swimming off into the blue without knowing how to hunt and fight like a boss, you’re sadly mistaken, Cas. By the time you’re twenty-one you’re going to be the best damned warrior that Atlan has ever seen.”
“Really?” Dean scoffed. “Because if any of this is really happening, I could definitely build a case that you’ve been deliberately screwing with my brain for weeks.”
“That was the same commitment I made to Jimmy,” Castiel said, his eyes dark with guilty regret.
The explosion created a momentary vacuum, sucking in most of the artificial atmosphere inside the cargo bay before sending it back out again in a hot rushing wave.
Bobby poured more scotch into both their glasses.
Waiting for
little brother. He simply feared the
was cool. Taught me all kinds of shit about weapons and fighting and stuff he’d learned as a marine, so when I
“Ellen was just telling us about a new Quest,” Ash said. “This one is pretty epic level and is coming from the Guild Master himself. The rewards are seriously nice but, more importantly, it’s going to offer some great levelling up opportunities for you and Charlie.”
He was on a mission. He had earlier purchased at considerable expense—through Jeff of course—a full first edition collection of Tad William’s ‘Otherland’ series which he was determined to get signed for Cas. He knew, from Cas’s comments, that his awkward friend would never approach the author himself but Cas had said he would like some author-signed copies.
Dean had still been strong.
Oh god, he really
Sam opened his mouth to protest but Dean kneed him sharply in the ribs. “For god’s sake don’t
an R9 have gone awol unexpectedly and Ash and Jimiel are by far the highest level players in the Guild so Bobby’s having to make use of the assets available to him at this time.  Even if they insist on bringing you and Charlie along for the ride.”
manage to send a tendril or two out. Might not. It’s like a maze in here. I keep thinking I’ve found an exit and then I hit a brick wall and have to backtrack again,” Gabriel grumbled.
to use the dictionary. Okay then. I’ll help you if you
But Naomi was relentless. As a devout Roman Catholic she equated Jimmy’s desire to give-up fighting the impossible to be a sin akin to suicide.
fur and fangs.
Still, the happy contented expression on Gan’s face was making Castiel’s Wolf all kinds of mellow, so he concluded that perhaps he had made an excellent choice after all.
Castiel stared after him as he left the Roadhouse, pondering the conversation and Dean’s surprising lack of self-concern,
“Besides, it’s Heron’s Cove,” Jody scoffed. “Everyone knows everyone’s business.”
The pair of them worked as an enviable team.  Charlie hacking into obscure private websites on demand and running advanced translation programs whenever Sam wanted to check the contents of particular documents that had been digitally stored on microfiche.
Dean wasn’t a gardener, but common sense told him he was right.  That a garden totally neglected for two whole seasons shouldn’t still be displaying neat rows of cabbages and kale, proud beds of potatoes and onions, and the ferny leaves of carrots; none of which were choked by weeds and, more surprisingly, neither had they been totally decimated by the numerous rabbits he could see casually loping amongst the rows.
A search that took less than two minutes, since she was hovering, suspiciously, in the corridor outside.
For the last week or so, although he’d lost track of time completely so couldn’t remember exactly how long he’d been at Wethersfield, he’d found himself inexplicably shying away from the thought of taking the boat back to shore. On this morning, however, the idea of nipping over to the mainland finally felt comfortable, felt right.
”What
“Ports,” Ash said, with a decisive nod. “We need to pre-program an auto-port for your avatar. If Cain manages to hit you with his blade or even look like he
“Except Dean being Dean, he’ll insist on giving Cain all the credit and so Cas will end up even more interested in Cain instead,” Jody grumbled.
He was measuring barnacles, making quick, scratched notes on a flat stone as to changes of their size and spread pattern since his last visit. It was neither the most exciting nor the most useful way to spend his alone time, but it was a quiet and soothing pursuit and Rowena had told him that the study of even the tiniest, most basic forms of life was a critical stepping stone to understanding more complex ones such as people. To understand science, she said, one had to develop a scientific mind.
Dean had only put his foot down on three issues.
Their naked, perfect flesh shimmering, as slim youths and maidens tip-toed barefoot over the forest floor, their wild hair tangled with leaves and budding vines, the soft petals of blossom sprouting like garlands through their verdant tresses.  With sharp-toothed grins and savage laughter, they danced and span like moonbeams through a wood now bathed in the pale opaque glow of silvery moonlight.
Charlie thought she understood where Bobby was going with his monologue. “You don’t agree with the idea the A.I.s in Moondoor are ‘people’ with rights?”
“Nah. I told you before, Cas, on the whole I think the Federation is a good thing. It enables the exchange of knowledge, advanced healthcare, and just by existing it avoids the need for most petty interplanetary wars. I don’t think the institution is intrinsically flawed. Just the management of it. I think the wrong parts of the Federation, such as the tradition of Mariposa, offend the sensibilities of most average citizens. They just don’t believe they can have the good without accepting the bad. Most people tolerate wrong-doing that doesn’t directly affect them, but they do so out of apathy rather than deliberate indifference. They feel their voice is too small to be heard, so rarely bother to speak out at all. But shine a bright light on the bad stuff, get enough voices shouting together, and most of the rest will choose to join the demand for change. Sure, in any society there are those who take any available opportunity to take advantage of weaker people. But I honestly believe that for every Hortlan in the Universe, there are a thousand Bobby Singers.”
“Dey’n?” Cas finally offered.
Meg settled in place.
And it was one such item that had precipitated Bobby’s downfall.
meant dṛḍha, which means a permanent bond?”
“No, Crowley made certain assumptions because they are
found something you might feel belongs to you.  Though, obviously, Dey’hahn is nobody’s ‘property’. Especially not Rafe D’Viim’s.”
Sam’s eyes bugged. He’d been expecting ‘thrown out of the building’. Woolfe’s choice of threat (whilst unlikely to be true) definitely upped the conversational stakes considerably.
“Fucking goddamnit,” Dean cursed, reluctantly impressed. When Gabriel had insisted Cain would have worked out the way to prevent Sam’s body simply winking out of the game when he exited it, Dean had been doubtful enough to lay a bet on the outcome.  He now owed Gabriel $20.
“Why me?” she demanded. “Why would I want to go anywhere near him? He’s just as likely to stab
Dean flushed as his friend as good as confirmed that ‘Lil Beanz had never been anything other than a fake front operation to enable Ash to give him some much needed money. In retrospect, the whole thing should have been obvious. Why would someone like Ash want to work as a damned Barista, anyway?
“I actually recognized Sam’s description of ‘Afterlife’,” Dean replied, gesturing at the black, volcanic wasteland that surrounded them. “Since I’m not back in Moondoor, I figure Afterlife is the ‘foreign configuration’ I just accepted into my tank.”
“If I leave, she will become the deity here again and then you will be unable to leave yourself.”
Jimmy hadn’t set a fixed time to meet Dean in-game on Sunday, primarily because he wasn’t exactly sure how the trial was going to work yet. Nobody at the clinic had made it clear to him on Friday whether he’d be receiving ‘treatments’ every day or whether the rigs would be available for the use of the patients regardless of whether an actual treatment was taking place.
“So unless this was just a pie break… and don’t misunderstand me because I’m totally on board for this becoming a new tradition… was there some specific reason you came in?”
How the fuck
Alpha, not specifically with Cas. With the idea of joining
Dean shook his head in violent disagreement. “It makes her happy. That’s all that’s important. It ain’t a
Dean told himself he would have
The very first thing he did, when he logged in that morning and saw his available lives had reduced to
Gabriel
And it was blue, so blue, the blue of clear seas and summer skies. Blue, blue, and he could see it on Dean’s skin, see its glowing bioluminescence shining in the whites of Dean’s eyes, like azure fire, as he pressed inside him, thrusting harder, pushing and pressing, sliding skin on skin as he gifted Dean with all that he was, all he had ever been, all he might ever be. His hopes, his fears, his dreams, his nightmares, all of it, everything.
“Neither does he deserve to live with the guilt of knowing you died because of his selfishness,” Carolus said.
Omega, perhaps.
“Word, brother,” the vampire agreed, reaching down and offering Dean a hand up. “I’ve been stuck in this damned hell-hole ever since because my face doesn’t fit any more. All you fucking immigrants stick in my craw. Coming over here, expecting US guys to change to fit in with your preconceptions of reality.”
be feeling any amount of attraction towards Gan’s brother.
did, since she’s sure as hell proving useful to him now. But fifteen years ago, when Amara was thrown into a prison instead of killed, none of today’s events were predictable. Roman didn’t even know my mother was dead. So what was his reasoning?”
an Omega.
The problem was, Magnus knew that nothing would be gained by sending a scathing reply.
Gold: 1000
Castiel tripped and almost fell off the boardwalk. “Huh?” he asked, hoping his expression didn’t
Gan frowned at him in puzzlement. “You’ve lost me. I thought you said this pack isn’t a successful one.”
Dean wondered how long it would take before Ash logged out of Moondoor, came over to his apartment and found him trapped inside the tank.
Charlie squeed happily, jumped up to greet her, paused when she remembered they were supposed to be rivals, then shrugged and followed through with her original impulse to hug the other woman.  “What are you doing here? We’re kind of depending on you to get my hack loaded to get us out of this darned game.”
”No worries. Benny can come with me and hold my hand instead,” Dean suggested innocently.
“What does he mean, when he’s safe?”
He came upon a myriad of Whales, from Orcas, to Fin Whales, to Humpbacks and once even a family of Blues. The few of them that spoke to him were cordial but reserved. None had any news from the Northern Waters. One of the Humpbacks did, however, say she had crossed the path of a lone red-tailed Mer far to the west, several weeks previously and, although she had not spoken with him, she confirmed the Merman had been heading southwards and had appeared to be a healthy and strong swimmer.
And as Sobelev led them through the cavernous depths of the underground cellars that formed a huge warren of living spaces for a Pack filled with gentle, happy Wolfkin that welcomed him as PACK / PACK / PACK, their wolves leaping and cavorting in welcome of his own, even though they believed him only Alpha,   As the pups of the pack bounced in forms both two-legged and four, too innocent for fear of what the visit of two strange Alphas might mean, their tiny bodies crashing into him with playful enthusiastic welcome, Dean found himself withdrawing both from Cas
Dean understood.
“So you’ve chosen to do nothing?” Sam accused. “That’s your answer. You think just refusing to accept RRE’s blood money somehow absolves you of any further responsibility?”
“Quite apart from his genre being my preference, I simply can’t comprehend any reality in which Stephen King would decide to support an event here. This is a town of 412 people. It barely even qualifies as a village, truth be told. It’s so tiny, the whole population would fit inside a low rise apartment block.”
Judged unworthy.
choice.
Galla, went one step further and was in the habit of calling Sam ‘scrappy do’.
the black wolf insisted, flashing an image of itself mounting the white wolf in the forest. A memory. A
What the fuck?
demons.
”Asshole,” Dean snorted.
Crowley’s fortune no longer came from drugs or house-repossessions or tenant rentals.
He also seemed to be lying on sand now, rather than seaweed.
“Let you bind me,” Castiel laughed wildly, his eyes bright and joyous. “You are mine forever now, my own little
“Suck it up,” she smirked. “Though, speaking of pretty things, Dean, now that Cas has developed a peculiar pie habit, do I take it that the rules of engagement between the pair of you have changed for the better?”
“I guess I do look like a Panda,” he agreed wryly.
A level 5 mount was a significantly fast and powerful one, but it was still just a mount.  The actual threat was the rider and despite the size of the Mount, which was a good six foot at its shoulder, its rider was miniscule in comparison and only a level 10. A level ten player would be a challenge to him at his current level, a level 10
Dean flushed and dropped the box he was carrying. “Shut your cakehole,” he muttered. “Cas doesn’t think of me that way.”
library.
“I’ve got a bad feeling about this,” he muttered, a couple of hours later, as he followed Charlie down a dark, dingy alleyway towards a battered metal door surrounded by garbage cans. “I thought you said this was a high class place.”
“I realise such a scenario is not considered ‘fair-play’ by human players of this ‘game’. However, this is not a
But, suddenly, he realised that maybe one point was going to be enough knowledge after all.
Bobby took an audible breath. “No. Not
Like the time he and Michael had been debating, shortly after their mother’s death and Michael’s ascendance to the throne. Well, Castiel had called it debating. Others might have called it an argument. But Michael had been insistent that the world was flat, despite all the Land Monster books Castiel had read that had taught him it was round. So Castiel had swam to Rowena’s cave and retrieved a map, returning to present it to Michael with satisfaction. Michael had rolled the map out, had gazed long at the colorful representation of the round earth, and then had said, “see, the map lies flat on the table, so the world is also flat”.
”Something I should know?” Cas asked carefully. He and Dean were still slowly building a relationship and Cas was delicately traversing a thin line, picking his way between his natural instinct to jump in and defend his mate from any possible perceived danger and his knowledge that Dean would react aggressively towards any attempt to do so.  Dean fluctuated between finding his protective instincts patronising and ‘cute’, but he made it clear that neither were actually
doesn’t mean I
And, perhaps most importantly, wild bird seed and dried cat food.
I was fully prepared for it before Chuck manufactured this situation.
special, private place, what would
If anyone had asked him, even a few months previously, whether he’d welcome another chance to fight this bastard thing he would have insisted “Yes, of course!”
“So he could just log back in, right? In his
”I hate you both,” Sam announced.
“It must be difficult to feel emotion but struggle to express it visually.”
His mouth finally managed to string its designated two words together. Unfortunately ‘Hello there’, ‘Thank you’, ‘Good Evening’, all good suitable candidates failed to make the grade. Neither, more fortunately, did ‘You're gorgeous’ or the even more mortifying ‘Marry me’.
“Shut up,” Dean snapped. “It’s a fair consideration.”
The ship’s inhabitants fascinated him though. At first he thought the Land Monsters inhabiting the sailing ship were of a totally different species than the Witch King, Crowley. Although their heads and limbs were similar in appearance, their bodies were fat and round and bright orange in color, so they looked peculiarly like upright, four-limbed crabs. Awkward and ungainly creatures that staggered gracelessly around on the deck of their ship . It was only when, one day, he spotted the adult male Hu without his orange shell that Castiel realized that was what the peculiar body shapes were; Shells. These land monsters simply wore fat orange shells that they could shuck off at will, similarly to the way hermit crabs could vacate their body armor too.
Castiel flinched slightly at the mention of Earth. “I didn’t think Infernum’s license covered the hiring of Polilla.”
Dean wouldn’t have agreed to the date if he hadn’t wanted it to work out. That didn’t mean he was stupid enough to drive off into the Catskills with the Alpha of All without taking adequate precautions.
And although Dean didn’t notice he had unconsciously treated the VI like an actual ‘person’ for a change, rather than simply a computer program, there was a definite change to the VI’s ‘tone’ when it finally responded.
Sam prowled right up to the open door and crouched down like a runner on the starter’s orders.
. But Dean was nothing if not a realist. The odds of him getting back to the boarding house in one piece were probably slim to none, but he could damn well protect his own self-respect. To concentrate on ensuring the Dom stole nothing more from him than the temporary use of his body.
As Dean was claiming ownership of every potato that had ever escaped Idaho only to end up in a fryer, Sam Winchester was sitting in the Ritz-Carlton in NYC being introduced to the culture of ‘Afternoon Tea’ by Anael Krushnic.
adoration, that same soft wonder, that same almost bashful desire.
Castiel’s mouth dropped open slightly. To hear an echo of his own thoughts on the subject stated so clearly by the storekeeper confused him utterly.
Tsaluna was even less likely to welcome immigrants than most other planets. It didn’t only have one native sentient species evolved well past that of Humanity. It had two.  One of which was regarded as an Old Race and neither of which reputedly had more than the vaguest condescending tolerance for any less-evolved species.  Arthos, the Infinite City, was one of the listed Nine Wonders of the Helix Nebula. Tourists of all races visited to coo and awe over its beauty. The Tsalunniqui tolerated those tourists with aloof politeness, seemingly happy to put sufficient effort into the relationship to successfully strip their visitors of Federal Credits without ever crossing the line into offering any suggestion of genuine welcome.
”Okay, help me out. One minute he’s an illusion. Next he’s your ‘beloved’. You’ll need to forgive me being a bit confused.”
“Because you are the Righteous Man, Dean,” the Reaper said.  “Because you, out of all my siblings, are the one who can find comfort in the knowledge of being quantum.  Because even with the knowledge of infinite worlds, infinite possibilities, you still will fight for the life and the rights of every incarnation of every individual that you touch in your journey through life.  Because in a million billion worlds that already exist with an incarnation of
“I was wrong, okay? I just, well, this whole situation is big, you know? Important. So I need to feel like I can trust you to have my back and you’re telling me you know this huge secret but won’t even drop a hint and, well, it felt really hinky to me this morning. But, you know something? This isn’t just about you trusting me, is it? I need to trust
What? Apparently some people DON'T like this kind of thing ... weird, but perfectly valid.
have a way to get hold of them - and I ain’t saying that I do - but if I did, I think it’s gonna take more than some pretty words to get them boys to give you a chance. It’s been twelve years. Plenty of time for ‘Gan’ to have set his scent on some other poor bastard. You might need to show a bit more effort if you want him to remember why he marked you in the first place. Just sayin’.”
“Where does a player’s inventory physically exist?” he asked.
“You didn’t have the right to do this,” he snarled. “None of you did. This is
I definitely never asked for my avatar to get seeded by a V.I.  In fact, you’ve just reminded me why your own argument is totally fallacious. I have owned and used that avatar for several years. You’ve only been squatting inside it for a few days.” He smirked triumphantly when the V.I. had no immediate retort.
So he merely smiled serenely as, instead of simply making another new appointment with Richard’s PA and leaving with his dignity intact, Nick slammed himself angrily down in one of the anteroom’s chairs next to where the Auditor was sitting and began bitterly expressing his complete and utter dissatisfaction at having his appointment canceled without prior warning.
Rank: One
,” Castiel announced coldly, in a voice resonant with power. “Come, your highness. We have arrived at this place under false pretenses. It is not the important
the magic word since, despite huffing with annoyance, Dean complied.
Still, you didn’t get to be (or stay) an R9 if you argued with the boss, so KillerSaint had barely grumbled about the waste of his own precious gaming time before he had ported to the location from which the original distress calls had emanated.
“Fine,” Charlie said. “So far we know that in 2014 Sam was calling himself ‘Dan Devereaux’, was claiming to be 18 and was working as a car mechanic in Port Huron.”
And then it was Abaddon again. Mouth set in a red slash of fury. Throat darkly bruised. Black eyes filled with both hatred and fear.
Sam growled low in his throat. “Oh no,” he said. “The original idea is bad enough. You really can’t do
There was an email from his brother in his inbox.
But any further discussion was halted by the door to the Roadhouse banging open and Charlie, Dean and Meg emerging.
“You’re an idiot.”
“I… um… I tried. A couple of times,” Castiel confessed, eyes haunted and guilty.
“I know,” Dean agreed, but that wasn’t the point.  From the expressions on his colleagues' faces, it was clear he didn’t need to say that out loud.  “But I’ve been thinking. I’ve got an idea that might be the solution for everything.”
in and you can shut the door. Then you can deal with Lilith without worrying about demons
“I am far too busy to attend you so I must leave you to do your research alone. Don’t lose yourself in here, Master Winchester,” the Archivist said, his eyes bright with good humor. “It’s far too easy to let time slip away from you completely in a place like this. Oh, and I’d most strongly suggest you restrict your perusals to the specific scope of the investigation that you outlined. Don’t be tempted to meander into areas that do not concern you. It would be highly inadvisable. Curiosity so rarely works out for cats, does it?”
And though Castiel was still uncertain he definitely
Dean blurted. “You’re
The only mitigation, the only silver edge on the cloud, was that Sam hadn’t
? Not so much…
It was torturously slow, Cas displaying the regrettable patience of a Saint even though Dean started pleading with him to just fucking get it over with and get inside him already.  Cas refused to be topped from the bottom. He set his own implacable pace, controlling this with the same effortless strength with which he’d performed fellatio. He was totally, absolutely, in control of this scene and all Dean could do was let himself be forced to accept the Qui’s patient concern, to suffer the strain of enduring Castiel’s cautious care.
“You’ve met the other Knights? All of them?”
”Our family has often been so blessed. My paternal Babushka was Omega,” Castiel said, with quiet pride. "She was the most magnificent wolf I have ever met."
There was a crashing sound of breaking metal as the chains that bound Jimmy broke apart in an explosion of shrapnel that pierced the flesh of several of the demons but somehow,
“I won’t hold my breath,” Loki muttered snippily.
?” Sam spluttered.
. He has no more nor less right to life than any other individual. Chuck weighed his life lost against the potential of lives saved if he died, and found him wanting.”
It was a sobering thought, one that poured a dash of ice onto his panic even as he realised that Dey’n wasn’t absent from the Annex at all. The Pol… the Mariposa had simply fallen asleep on one of the living room couches. He had clearly been waiting there for Castiel’s return and had, due to the late hour, slipped into sleep before it had become dark enough for him to activate the lights.
that process felt compared to the normal effort of righting himself, and left the dining room in search of the nurse.
“Okay then,” Dean said, rubbing his face tiredly. “Odds of my being prosecuted in
thing until he managed to get the Omega under his control.
Well, that wasn’t strictly true.
Sunday was Victor’s only uninterrupted game time. He’d been looking forward to joining a skirmish the Guild had set against some Rock Ogres and hopefully gaining some valuable XP towards the distant horizon of his eventual next level up. He was in the War Party queue, letting other players know he was intending to join, but he was still in the process of changing into his battle-gear, swapping his equipment out to achieve optimum success against the targets, when his realm map bleeped with an incoming alert.
get picked up when the system resets. It’ll be too late to stop my changes going active but I guarantee getting inside the system a second time is going to be a hell of a lot harder once RRE techs are aware a breach happened.”
She was helpless to act against her father. As the Alpha whose bite marked her neck and whose saliva had woven bonds of obedience through her veins, his physical thrall could only be supplanted by the mark of a different Alpha and there was no alternate American Alpha bloodline to submit to. But for Mary the thrall to her Alpha had never been mental. As Samuel’s daughter, so marked only the once on her naming day - her first birthday - but never subjected to the secondary bite of submission at seven - the age when Wolfkin were believed to enter the ‘age of reason’ -  Mary remained free to actively hate
of them. Castiel far more than Dean, presumably.  Dean’s side of the bond must have been exacerbated by the hormonal effect of Castiel’s semen but it hadn’t been pheromonal and, anyway, as a Subplex he was more naturally resilient to a broken bond than a Praevalen was. Since Castiel had orchestrated Dean’s leaving, maybe it wouldn’t hurt quite as much as a deliberate rejection on Dean’s part but Charlie imagined, since a severed-bond was more of a physical reaction than a mental one, Castiel was probably going to suffer a lot of pain.
idea?”
He needed to take Charlie’s advice completely and switch off the game interface. He needed to immerse himself completely in ‘living’ the moment, rather than just playing a game.
Castiel manfully fought the urge to simply hang up and flee.
Bone dagger in hand (his own bone dagger, since he had already stashed Abaddon’s away in his inventory with Lilith’s) Dean smirked at the man wearing his brother’s face. “I believe this dance is mine?” he suggested.
“You have insufficient faith points,” the Angel rumbled, his expression cold. “No further assistance will be provided at this time.”
And, at that thought, the sigil on his arm blazed like a crimson inferno, bathing both Dean and the blood-drenched cat in hell-fire, and Dean’s eyes, now a solid, demonic black, danced with scarlet flames.
Possibly.  After all, wasn’t that how Omegas were meant to be?  So perhaps this gorgeous young Alpha carried more than a touch of Omega genes in his blood. it would certainly explain Becky’s heart eyes. No Beta female would be able to resist the hope of birthing pups from an Alpha with recessive Omega genes.
Amara had been, frankly, the product of Donald Woolf deciding the originally conceived game wasn’t going to be ‘edgy’ enough without the introduction of an element of ‘evil’. It was Woolf who convinced Roman to create Amara as a condition of his initial investment in the company.
we are?”
Gold to buy.  The kind of Gold only available for purchase in player-packs paid for with
And had he been asked, at any point during those four years, whether he loved Dean he would have declared, with great and honest passion, that of course he loved Dean. Dean was, after all, his bestest, truest friend, forever.
safe and happy with mom? Did you do
”Ahhhh,” Cas said, staring miserably at the water lashing the windscreen.
”But think of poor Bambi,” he told his wolf dolefully, deliberately visualizing the cute Disney deer. “We can’t kill
It would probably behoove him to attempt to extract himself from this virtual world in an ‘alive’ state. Sam told himself desperately, the best (or only) way to escape was to work his way through it. Go with the flow, he told himself. Follow whatever bizarre path his subconscious was trying to lead him down and maybe, just maybe, he’d reach its conclusion and wake up before his brain dissolved into complete mush due to lack of oxygen.
, to sink like a dropped stone into the metadata of Moondoor.
Most injuries that would prove fatal to a human being were easily survivable by a Wolfkin.  They healed with almost preternatural speed, their flesh sealing injuries so swiftly that dying of blood loss was almost impossible.  The process of shifting forms alone was often a sufficient way to completely eradicate the worst effects of any bodily injury.  Bodily harm suffered in their human form usually only became seriously life-threatening if they became so depleted of strength that they became too weakened to shift forms entirely.
when I was talking to Castiel. You already
location works as an unofficial Guildhouse and that almost
His alcoholic consumption was, however, of a far more celebratory nature. It was also considerably more high-end.  Whilst Moondoor sadly lacked his preferred indulgence of 30-year-aged Glencraig, for the right price it was possible to obtain a perfectly acceptable alternative and Gold was not something he was lacking any longer because, if asked, Crowley would most certainly not describe
Bobby was silent for a long time, then sighed as though it pained him.  “Don’t take this the wrong way,” he said.
“And that’s when you got the black eyes?” Dean asked because, although they were fading rapidly, Sam still bore the evidence of that particular escapade on his face.
“True,” Sam agreed, “but if we go through customs separately, not acknowledging we know each other, then they are going to have to decide which one of us is the most likely suspect. They don’t just stop
fault. But then that Captain America guy, he just went crazy. His eyes went red and then he turned into a fucking wolf and tried to rip my throat out. And then Bucky grabbed hold of him and pulled him off me and I rolled off that truck and just ran for my life with all the zombies, and the wolves were chasin’ us... oh... yeah, that’s what
boring.”
The only one of the assembled guards who bore any resemblance to a true soldier was the ancient-looking level ten character wearing the Sergeant insignia.  Dean had a distinct feeling the old man usually stood guard duty alone. He certainly appeared to be almost as wary of the behavior of his own men as he was of the approaching War Party, since he was constantly checking over his shoulder to check ‘his’ men were keeping their designated positions.
“I’ll see what I can do,” she said, kindly, “but it’s pretty chaotic here today. We’re doing our best but so many injuries at once always causes a back up.”
Dean didn’t think he could ever use
“Bit of a fucked up reward, though,” Sam muttered, “all things considered.”
“And it’s that easy?”
Ash nodded thoughtfully. “Yeah, could be that,” he agreed. “Can’t say I’ve paid much attention to the details of one of them before. Usually I just turn up to a place to do a Quest and then leave and, honestly, most Quests don’t force you to hang around with the ‘natives’ picking up clues.”
His Omega shot him a furious, offended look.
RRE were considerably more pissed about the loss of potential revenue than her attempt to make a political feminist statement.
That he would save them all.
“Tone it down, boys,” Ellen said, bustling over quickly. “I told you not to make a scene. Cut it out, Wings, the cute little pussycat isn’t here to
“Figure you’re going to kill me anyway,” the man said, with an impressively nonchalant shrug. “I might as well have the satisfaction of knowing I pissed on your cornflakes first.”
Sam swallowed heavily at the note of absolute certainty in Woolfe’s voice and, although he left his glass untouched for now, he no longer felt so assured it would remain so.
“Ever since that incident with the courtesan of the Emperor of Khotressia, the one that bankrupted one of the biggest transportation companies in this sector, standard insurance won’t cover any vessel with Mariposa on board. And not even a totally independent vessel would dare to fly anywhere without Federation-backed insurance. Why do you imagine so many ex-Mariposa like Reney and myself end up on Tsaluna anyway? Simply because it’s one of the only planets on the regular routes of Tourist Cruise Liners; the only commercial passenger ships insured to carry
Castiel blinked. “Atticat?”
,” The Reaper retorted, then laughed uproariously at the expression on Sam’s face.  “I have chosen his form for this conversation because it is one we are both familiar with.”
that would pay the bills -  the description ‘Jack of all Trades’ was pretty accurate.  It was only since he’d successfully gained his formal qualifications that his life had turned to crap.
had failed to work out what all the commotion had been.
Perhaps in this new life, on this new Planet, it was time to accept the parts of himself that he couldn’t change and begin finally actively using them to his advantage instead of letting them be the tools by which other people tried to control him.
Jimmy chuckled softly. “Garth may have hidden talents,” he said, then shrugged and said, “though I too struggle to envisage a situation in which he might prove uniquely useful.”
“It is not a
he had, since he always did, but ever since the device had been destroyed the idea had been niggling at the back of his mind that he’d perhaps forgotten to do so or the backup would be corrupted or something.
“Ah, it’s no problem. He just bit my head off a bit for staying here and letting Dey’hahn leave on his own. Since he had never thought to ensure Dey’hahn was always accompanied, I wasn’t doing it under orders anyway. So he’s more annoyed with himself for that oversight than he is with me.  Let’s face it, I’m just a non-designate Delt. If he was seriously angry with me, he’d have fired me.  He’s going at it in his office with Alastair, though. He’s kicking his ass about having the illegal ‘shut-in’. But, honestly, it's obvious he doesn’t know the real truth about what happened last night. I think he believes Dey’hahn took the opportunity to simply clear off because he had a better offer, so he’s furious about the drop in revenue and is using the excuse of the ‘shut-in’ situation to let off steam.”
“I definitely don’t want them writing porn about us,” Dean snorted.
“So, basically, the whole thing has come down to you deciding to kill Bela Talbot, and incidentally her S.I. of course, to save Jimmy Novak,” Loki pointed out.
KillerSaint had chosen a largely innocuous avatar with a grisly grey beard, a tall slim body and a weather-beaten wrinkled face. His avatar was dressed in a large dark overcoat, wore a black moleskin cowboy hat and was equipped with twin Colt pistols in a shell-filled double tooled holster, a confederate sword and a hunting knife.
He took a deep breath and tried to listen to his wolf who was totally unbothered by the sight of the beta female sniffling and gazing adoringly at Gan as he fussed over her.
So although Crowley didn’t
“So it would be theoretically possible to override just the rig protocols? Prevent VR rig players, at least, from getting trapped in the game?”
“And now his cancer is going to come back?”
,” Sam clarified. “But maybe you’re mixed up on the day or maybe, even, what if you just
Perhaps another Alpha might have honed in on that suggestion of a lie. It would be so easy to sink his teeth into the Dobycha’s flesh and suck the truth out of him like the vampire he had denied himself to be.  In mere minutes he could flood this defiant human with his virus, twist its strands through the man’s brain and turn him into his permanent obedient thrall or simply leave him as a mindless husk.
Gate open, check. Pups missing, check.  Trap, check.
… I know Fergus is ‘Crowley’. Who is Nick?
“And although Castiel is a successful writer and clearly high-functioning, and his concern for Atticat is highly suggestive that he is a genuinely kind and gentle person under his… well, grumpy exterior, there’s no doubt he has certain challenging behaviors that outweigh his physical attractiveness,” Jody said, delicately. “The fact that Dean seems completely blind to traits that other people might find too much effort to handle, made us certain that they were perfect for each other. And Dean never reaches for what he needs, so we were just trying to gently push them together.”
It was only when they paused to observe, that they briefly aligned with the
Damn, now both his eyes were throbbing.
”I told you,” Charlie crowed, as they followed Bobby who was wheeling himself confidently towards a student accommodation block. “He’s bringing us to meet Gan.”
It mattered.
So he rolled with it.
“This is where my Destiny stone led me,” Castiel replied softly. “Where it was always destined to lead me. Back to you. My truemate.”
an attempt to make good on that implied promise?”
No matter
Dean chewed his lower lip. “I don’t like it when you look broken, Cas. Sad, defeated, all that shit. It doesn’t suit you and I don’t like it.”
Castiel stiffened and looked at him cautiously. “What do you mean?”
“I will fuck you now,” Cas said, the words a warning rather than a request for permission.
He’d tried.
“I could simply pull the necklace off before it activates and drop it into a deep trench,” Castiel said, as they floated together, hand in hand, on the surface of the ocean.
“Ellen sent us,” Charlie blurted quickly. “I’m Hunters Guild. I need R10 assistance.”
Dean looked at him strangely. “You feeling okay?”
“So what’s your name?” Dean demanded.
Obviously, Dean could have just settled for agreeing that Ash would log in whenever either of them
, Dean’s memory of this single day was the reason he never lost faith that, at heart, Sam was a good and loyal boy who was still worthy of Dean’s unwavering affection.
“Jimmy,” Charlie blurted, jumping up in excitement, racing around the table and throwing her arms around him in an ecstatic hug.
who’d grown accustomed to the thick trees and slow waters of humid bayous.
Bobby winced slightly.  “All yours,” Sam snickered and gestured for Bobby to fend the question. So he fully deserved it when Bobby replied, “Because the reason they mistook you for an Alpha, is that Sam fits an Omega profile far better than you do.”
One might imagine a fellow female Beta might have feelings of fellowship for Anna’s invidious position. Anyone believing so had not met Hester. Anna privately believed the blonde wolf was probably warming her brother’s bed. She couldn’t imagine any other reason he would tolerate her jumped-up attitude.
Castiel thought the use of the word ‘settled’ was bizarre under the circumstances. Anyone should feel privileged by Dexter’s affection. Though he was given to understand that kind people, like Dexter, often undervalued themselves and clearly this Finch was taking advantage of his good nature. “Every interaction I have had with you leads me to consider you a genuinely kind and caring individual. This is why your affection for Finch concerns me. I do not like to imagine you being hurt by his cavalier behavior,” he said bluntly.
game is dangerous. We should have shut the whole thing down,” Penelope said, wincing as a particularly loud scream pierced the air from the direction of one of the ‘private’ dungeons.  “I can’t believe we are here, fighting for our literal lives and those of all the other immersion tank players, and Crowley here is
“Oh. Ohhhh. Still, it’s not like you knew, is it? You believed he was an elective Dom. You had no way of knowing a bond could form. So that was on him. I mean, I know you’re a cute piece of ass but you’re not irresistible, are you?  It’s not like you raped him,” she chuckled. “He damned well knew who and what you were by the time he stuck his humongous cock in your ass. So he made his choice and none of it’s your fault.”
“Ice is a lot easier to carve out than solid rock,” Castiel argued. “I’m not saying it will be easy, but nothing worthwhile ever is. Anyway, you guys are always going on about how ‘soft’ we Atlans are… so it’ll be a chance to show me just how tough you lot really are.”
But that was the Hobgoblin’s mistake.
Almost.
Castiel blinked with astonishment for several long seconds. “Then perhaps the bartender only looks like a Polilla,” he suggested eventually. “Tattoos can be faked. Polilla may lack the fine education granted to Mariposa, and may be more sexually promiscuous, but both are always invariably totally submissive in the face of aggressive sexual interest. It’s not simply a matter of their biological designation. It’s the result of the training they undergo which, frankly, is nothing short of deliberate brainwashing. Both Mariposa and Polilla are selected in the first place because genetic testing confirms their natural designation to be Subplex. The only distinction between them before their training is that a Polilla is slightly less naturally compatible with a Praevalen. Both, however, are completely ruined by their formal training. Whatever fire may have resided in their souls is deliberately totally quenched long before they reach Maturation. So the boy must be a fake.”
“They don’t belong in Moondoor,” Charlie grumbled. “They’re completely out of place in this game.”
Dean yelped, jumping away from the voice even as he twisted his body and turned to face her, already clutching his dagger.
“You’re right, and the idea of Dean spending most of the rest of his life living
“What the hell are you doing?” Gabriel demanded, as he burst into his Alpha’s room and, instead of finding him still in bed as he’d expected, saw he was sitting at his desk typing into his computer with a fierce expression and one angrily stabbing finger. He still looked tired, but now he had the haunted look of someone who had slept badly rather than the exhausted look of someone who hadn’t slept at all.
Trust me, you do
realm port off Asmodeus to be back in the game entirely.  The Guildhouse in Hades was stuffed full of all the RSS, weapons and gear he could ever possibly desire. And though he suspected he would be unable to
that an Omega had his name taken from him. There’s no reason at all why Dean has to keep his real name hidden anymore.”
The man scowled but he lowered his shotgun. “Why the hell didn’t you say so?”
“I know Lord Cialc well,” Charlie lied smoothly. “I will be most delighted to await his return. Perhaps I will wait for that reunion before requesting an audience with my Cousin Lilith. It would be good manners to allow
What if he kept driving?
access Hell with standard realm ports even though the same cords entered by a normal human player would just come back with an error message. The fact we’re demonic bosses definitely trumps the fact we’re ‘players’ as far as the Moondoor game engine is concerned. Course, I realized it was a non-starter as an escape plan because, duh, other Knights could follow me into Hell too.  But then, after talking to Meg, I realized Hell was still a whole world of opportunity because it would be possible to, well, copy and paste a lot of
“I can split into infinite aspects,” Chuck replied.
Jimmy agreed. “But The Reaper is not
I am friend, it said.
Did acting on the behest of a
“It IS so a word,” she bit back.
So he ran, and he ran, smooth asphalt under his paws allowing him to speed faster than the winding trails through the trees, and carelessly, shamelessly he thundered down the main highway towards Fishkill, knowing even if his presence was witnessed by Dobycha eyes, he would not be
”You telling me Alphas fuck around?” Gan demanded, frowning suspiciously.
With only 20 minutes left before sundown, it was too late for anyone else to arrive and prevent his takeover of Nergar.  Once he had full possession of the town, it would become completely inaccessible to outside visitors. The way the game mechanics worked, the only way anyone could reach Crowley from then on would be by porting directly into Level One of his established Dungeon Run and successfully completing it.  And every time a player failed to complete the dungeon, Crowley would gain even more SP to purchase yet more demons to make the dungeon even more impossible to complete.
Then Woolfe laughed again, the sound bitter and distressed and filled with self-loathing. “And I was scared,” he admitted, swinging to look Sam fully in the eyes. “I was scared of the thing wearing Richard Roman.” He paused for a moment, then added, in a near whisper, “I still am.”
Castiel wasn’t sure
“Our own father was an asshole,” Sam replied bluntly. “Dean was more father to me than he was and I was too busy accepting Dean in that role to see that nobody was doing the same for him. Thank god Cain stepped up to the plate. He was the only adult who ever encouraged Dean to value himself. Poor Dean. I think he really likes Cas but he’d never do anything to prevent Cain finding someone special. If he thinks there’s a chance of Cain returning Cas’s interest, he’ll drop out of the race immediately. Stupid, self-sacrificing asshole that he is.”
He checked he had 4g connectivity, pulled up the google search bar on his phone and froze as he saw the date displayed on the top left of his screen.
“To save
Rather than eat him, she had chosen to add him to her menagerie.
Bobby snorted, but nodded his acceptance of the point. “The pack thing and the Castiel thing are probably one and the same, anyway.  Gabriel told me the Alpha screwed the pooch with you yesterday. Again.”
“Because there are those of us who are still relevant,” Kali snapped.  “As long as time exists, so shall Kali.”
“And he believed a third A.I. introduced to destroy her would apply the same strategy?” Sam asked.
“He’s waiting for you in the гнездо.  He’s completely alone. It isn’t a trap. Well, other than the fact he’s probably the most deadly bastard you’re ever going to have the pleasure to meet. And he’ll most probably be the last,” O’Toole snickered.
Honestly, though, it wasn’t the
before either of you reach endgame she can defend herself, but she can’t be the one to start the attack and neither of you are stupid enough to hit a level 1000 character at your current ranks.”
Instead of creating an empire for herself, Amara began dismantling Chuck’s.
“He’ll probably be frightened of what you are, Cassie, and that will most likely cause him to be angry, but I don’t think it's too late. It’s not like you’ve let the ‘misunderstanding’ go on for weeks, is it? I think it’s for the best to get it over and done with, sooner rather than later,” Gabriel agreed.  “I apologize for my part in it. I never should have suggested the blockers in the first place.”
”Have you been stealing my vodka again?”
The Auditor wasn’t sure yet.
Which, statistically, made no sense.
Which was the real reason why the Campbell family had been unable to create an ‘army’ of Wolfkin.  It had nothing to do with any vengeance of the ‘Gods’ enacted against the hubris of the Campbell Alphas.
“Look, the kind of guys who come here are
“Gotta be honest, Henry
, didn’t it?
So much for the heavens being
Charlie blinked at him as she thought furiously.  “That’s why you haven’t gone directly after Crowley, isn’t it?  He’s too big a bite of the apple for you. Kill him, you hit Rank Six and then you
She was suddenly damned sure she was never going to see the Polilla again.
“Dean——“
He’s entirely in control of himself for one of the first times in his life, and it
Sam finishes the first section, and Dean lights a match before dropping it into a puddle of dark holy oil. Black flames leap up and touch the sigils on the wall, and Dean steps back as they spark angrily.
“What’s happening?” He rasps.
Dean squints at Cas in the faint light, and opens his mouth to say something, which is exactly when Cas manages to push past his reservations and wrap his hands around Dean’s neck.
Comments and kudos would be super rad and greatly appreciated!
Dean dying will reset the loop. It has before, and it will again. Then Cas will have time to plan something else to push back the Shadow’s next mind-breaking assault.
He doesn’t
“You’re about to fall asleep on me, Cas.”
The spell he’s found should take him directly to Cas——to ‘the object of his affections’——but being able to pull Cas out of the empty will be a whole different story.
Sam groans from the floor, and sits up straight. His spine cracks like a firework, and he winces. “Dakota?”
And——
Jack is alive, though, and that’s better than nothing. It looks like he’s still becoming used to being in control of his body again, because he’s busy staring down at his slightly shaky hands like he’s never seen them before. He flexes his fingers, and smiles at the results, then looks up at Sam. “Can we go home?”
The only source of light comes from the golden cut between dimensions, the way back home.
“You drive.”
“Bitch.”
“Cas?”
But Chuck
Or, more rather, avoids thinking that he knows.
“C’mon,” he says, standing and holding out a hand for Cas. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”
It takes a while, but Dean starts to hunt again. It’s mostly local stuff, and he takes Cas with him more often than not.
“It doesn’t.”
Cas releases his hold on Dean’s neck, and climbs off of Dean. He should hold on longer, just to make sure Dean is really gone, but any longer, and Cas will start crying. Besides, this is usually about the time the Shadow resets things. Hands shaking, and heart pounding, Cas stands and walks to the kitchen. He needs a drink. Just something to calm him down as he waits for the loop to start over.
“Sam?” Dean asks, wincing as the floor swims in front of him. He’s nauseously lightheaded. With a jolt, Dean realizes that he can’t remember how long it has been since he’s eaten something. He quickly redoubles his efforts to reach the source of the smell of food, and (hopefully) Sam, making a conscious effort not to trip over his feet.
“Twice.” Dean laughs ruefully. “Hopefully it takes.” He taps his hands on the table absentmindedly, lost in his thoughts for the moment. Cas doesn’t seem to mind; he is as equally distracted.
They’re not going to be stuck here for long, though. Just so long as Dean remembers the way, that is. All the same, Purgatory
Dean blinks, and his eyelashes stick together. His stomach is churning and his body is vibrating with the urge to hide away from everything until he can regain his composure, but at the same time he just wants Cas to hold him until he feels safe again. Dean can’t do that, though. He can’t let himself lay in Cas’ arms because he’s tainted. Dirty.
“I can make it for you,” Dean replies, probably too quickly. He takes out a mug, turns on the burner under the kettle (they should really get an electric one at some point), and grabs a tea bag.
Funny how that stuff works.
Dean turns left.
Cas’ hands are on Dean’s face now, cupped around his tear-slick cheeks. Dean looks up at him.
“Thank you for breakfast. I appreciate it.”
(The nuns hadn’t even been vengeful, and that had hurt Dean more than anything else that happened that week.)
It’s…
Dean lets out a horribly human, terrified squeak as Cas cuts off his airway.
“How’s the shoulder feel?”
Cas freezes.
At least Sam seems to be eating regularly, even if it is all cereal and protein bars.
“Which one?”
“I said no, Dean!” Cas yells, not loudly enough to wake anyone up, but loud enough to stun Dean back into silence. Tears creep into Cas’ eyes, and his shoulders jerk with an restrained sob. “There’s just so much,” he chokes out after a moment. “And I——I thought this would help, but...”
He needs to rest up and conserve his strength, because he’s going to try to take down Chuck again. Jack thinks——he
“Dean. Sam.” He nods at them in a manner that says ‘you’re beneath me.’
He and Cas had driven home in the Impala (and with Miracle) about an hour later, with a promise to return at some point. For Dean, that was when the last piece of the puzzle fell into place for him.
Cas starts sprinting for Dean’s bedroom (
“Human. Yes.” Cas takes a small step towards the door, and the blue glow strengthens. “I’m happy with that, so long as you’ll have me, in... in whatever way you want.”
Dean whimpers, rolls onto his side, and curls in on himself.
“Mom.”
“You read this?”
It’s a miracle that Dean isn’t scared of Cas. Really, nothing much changes from how they had been acting before, save for the fact that Cas knows the world around him is real now.
Because Chuck couldn’t be bothered to give a shit about Purgatory. To Chuck, Purgatory is nothing more than a dumping ground for things he regrets, which is the exact reason it's safe.
He needs to breathe.
“What?” Dean asks, his voice strangled.
“I love you, too, damnit.”
Dean hadn’t. Not really. But he had still
Cas swallows down the last of his coughs, and looks up at Dean, who is crouched in front of the chair that Cas is slumped over in. He looks tired, but relived, light and almost... happy. No. Not ‘almost.’ Dean looks practically
Sam and Dean are back on earth, much to Chuck's irritation.
But somehow, Heaven manages to ruin everything.
it says.
How did he get here? Why can’t he feel his legs?
to look for, because if I don’t, I have no idea what to do.” His breath hitches. “I don’t know." His eyes go shiny with tears. "I’m... I’m sick of not knowing.” A shiver makes him curl into himself. “There’s gotta be something. Some way to get out of here. There——there’s gotta.”
Cas doesn’t react. He’s hugging Dean, but other than that, it’s like he doesn’t even notice Dean is there. Even in Dean’s dreams, he can’t get through to Cas.
All of this happens in roughly five seconds, but it seems like so much longer. After those five seconds, Dean registers approaching footsteps. Eileen and Sam. At least they had followed directions enough to leave the room, just in case something went wrong.
“I didn’t save you?”
“I know you’re here!” He shouts, as clearly as he can. “Shadow! I’m here for the angel!”
One year after the events of the last chapter. Just a little check-in on the boys to see how they're doing.
He doesn’t know if he can stop, and that scares him, but he’s not going to take his foot off of the accelerator to try. Somehow, he knows that the consequences from stopping will be far worse than eternal driving.
Two hunters——tired and more beaten-down than a person should be able to be——against a corrupted god who happens to be wearing the face of the closest thing either of them will ever have to a kid. It physically hurts.
Jack sighs and looks into the compressed dark in front of him. All that he wants is to be back at the bunker with his family——with everyone safe and alive. He wants things to be how he had thought they would be after Chuck was defeated. The only reason that they aren’t like that now is because Jack hadn’t been strong enough, and now Sam and Dean are paying the price.
Sam is speaking.
“It’s too dark,” Dean says after a moment. “You’re scared of the dark.” He crosses the room, and flicks on another light.
Mary leaves for the Brits less than a week later.
“If it makes you feel better, I’m pretty sure I didn’t look for you after you were sucked into the empty.”
Sam is right. Of course he is. He’s always been the smart one for a reason. Dean never has been, and he never will be.
I'M BACK. Sorry. Time is fucked, bro. Thank you for all the comments on the last chapter, and sorry for my downer of an author's note on that one. I was kind of down then :)
There’s a soft splashing sound from behind Dean, and he spins around. Standing in front of him, in all of his trench-coated and blue-eyed glory, is Cas. Dean feels so relieved that he could cry.
Try as he might, Sam will never be able to cook. Even with all of the pointers that Dean has given him over the years, he can barely boil water.
Sam (the bitch) stops him, and Dean ends up hot-wiring a 2015 KIA, because what the hell is his life.
He still wakes in a cold sweat the next morning.
Still, for whatever reason, Sam and Dean refuse to be happy. They refuse to be satisfied with what Chuck offers them, and that makes Chuck angry.
is enough to draw Cas out of his delusions. The Shadow never was able to get him quite right——or Sam, for that matter——so that makes the slips relatively infrequent.
Suddenly, everything seems kind of far away and floaty. Unreal. “Cas, we can fix this, I promise,” Dean rasps.
“Should we burn him?” Sam asks after a long moment of silence. His voice is raspy from held back tears, and it doesn’t look like he can stand to touch Jack, let alone prepare to
The ground is cool and grassy, a stark contrast to the stuffiness of the car, and Dean collapses on top of it with a wheezy sigh. “Out,” he barks at Sam, who practically launches himself out of the car once prompted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas leans into the gentle pressure of Dean’s hand, and Dean wraps his arms around Cas. Cas hugs back, clinging to Dean for dear life and letting Dean hold him up. It’s nice, Cas decides——being held. He soaks in the contact like a sponge, with none of the usual guilt that he has when he takes Dean’s gentle touches and steals his time.
Dean rolls over a little, and cracks his eyes open.
He can’t say any of that, though. He’s too choked up, and he doesn’t have time to sort his feelings properly to say what he wants, so he settles for something else, and holds the blade out.
“If there’s a way to get to Hell from Purgatory, there’s gotta be a way to get to Purgatory from Heaven.” Dean says quickly, then huffs out an exhausted breath. “There’s back doors everywhere, what’s different about this?”
But not in Heaven. On earth.
Dean knows full well that Chuck is going to appear in Jack’s body.
Jack wins.
of Dean——cares so much it hurts, and Cas wants nothing more than for him to leave. He would miss Dean, yes, but at least then he wouldn't need to deal with some flat, plastic version of everything he ever wanted.
Dean hasn’t slept in 48 hours, but that’s okay. He’s gone longer without, and will probably do so in the future. Still, he’s exhausted. He can’t remember the last time he was well-rested, and doubts that will change any time soon.
He tugs up the sleeves of his jacket, and cuts his palm. The symbol he needs to paint is small and simple, but the entire operation would be useless without it. He draws it on his forearm, and throws the excess blood into the fire as Sam finishes the second third of the spell. Immediately, Dean can feel the energy rush from his body to feed the flames, and a dark swirl appears between the licking, white-hot fire.
With a surprised yelp, Cas is pulled through after Dean.
“Don’t think I’m not going to ask about this later, though,” Sam says, tossing a glance back at the pyre.
As they begin to walk, Cas starts giving off a blue glow. It streaks behind him, light and wispy, before dispersing into the air. Dean squeezes Cas’ hand to get his attention, and jerks his head towards the glow behind them.
Another edit results in Dean forgetting how to breathe, and well... that’s tricky to fix without killing Dean for good.
That was just the story of their lives. All for nothing, or, at the most, all for another few days.
Dean’s arms go limp, and his mouth opens and closes a couple times before his jaw goes slack, and his eyes roll back in his head. His legs twitch a few times, then go still, hopefully for the final time.
“Hey, Cas,” he mumbles. “You okay, buddy?”
Dean doesn’t want to talk. He doesn’t even know if he will be able to force the words out, so he just points at the ophiotarusus’ entry. Or tries to, anyway. His hand refuses to cooperate, and he just ends up smacking the book.
Chuck retreats back to Heaven and leaves Sam a sobbing mess.
At this point Dean has turned away from Cas and started taking out his own set of clothes. Hesitantly, Cas slips out of his suit-jacket and sets it gently on Dean’s bed before stripping off his button-up, and then the shirt under that. He shivers and shrugs into the shirt that Dean loaned him. It’s soft and worn, and it smells like Dean.
tries to kill himself as slowly as he can.
“Chuck is dead?”
More background before we snap back to the present day. Chuck sure likes hurting the boys, doesn't he?
“Don’t,” Dean whispers. “You’re going to be fine.”
“It’s quiet.”
It was
CHAPTER!
“This is bullshit,” Dean grumbles, not for the first time. His dull, tired eyes scan the forest as he talks. “All these damn trees look the same.” He sighs. “Couldn’t Chuck have stuck the door in a more
Normal things.
“Y-you’re not real,” Cas chokes out. “You’re not re-eal.” He curls in on himself so tightly that it hurts, and digs his fingernails into his forearm. Any harder and it would draw blood.
“That’s——uh——what I was thinking.” Dean bites the inside of his cheek in an attempt to stop himself from saying something stupid.
It’s the
The order of the universe is natural: monsters with monsters, mistakes with mistakes. Of course Sam and Dean would want to be among things like themselves.
He walks into Dean’s room——
“Come home, Cas.”
“There you are,” Sam says, squeezing Dean’s shoulder and hauling Dean into a sitting position. Dean curls in on himself as his empty stomach spasms, and he falls back against the floor. The Men of Letters archive book from earlier is right next to his face, still open to the page it had been before Dean’s impromptu nap. He shoves it at Sam, who looks down at it skeptically.
Dean wakes up to the smell of burned soup.
Thanks for reading! Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated and will be placed into a ten gallon tank so they have plenty of room to swim around.
place?”
It’s enticing, so Dean follows.
Right.
He chokes on sobs after he reaches the kitchen, and stays there long after he hears Cas get up and wander off. It’s a long time before stops, and a longer time before he crawls into bed next to an unresponsive Cas.
“Where?”
he tells himself as he puts the final touches on some complicated sigils painted onto the wall. He’s going to the empty, he’s going to find Cas, and everything is will be okay again. It’s gonna be fine.
Cas isn’t moving when Dean pulls him out of the empty.
It is.
Dean is a lot of things.
Last thing.
And just like that, Dean goes from being numb, to being so scared for Cas that it hurts. He can’t sleep. Can’t eat. Can’t——
“What’re you doing?”
Dean thinks of Miracle, and when the gnawing fear in his stomach doesn’t disappear he stops thinking all together. It’s easier than one would think.
Jack nods from where he’s standing in the center of the room. They’re in the dungeon, of course, because they have to be. It’s the last place that the empty had broken through to earth, so it should be the easiest place to break through again, though the last word to describe this feat is ‘easy.’
this and can be happy about it.
He’s written down anything with promise, but can’t find a solid lead. At least not one that is doable with the resources that Dean has access to now. At least he can call on Sam to recite any necessary spells. At this point, it’s hard for Dean to even think about talking that much. He’s been silent for so long; it would probably hurt to say anything at this point.
He clinches his fists, ripping grass from the earth——he’s on the ground, outside——and chokes out a pitiful howl. Vision ringed with red and black, Dean makes a valiant attempt to blink away the pain, and fails miserably.
Cas’ head whips to Dean, and he shuffled back a couple feet. He stops. Forces himself to look at Dean. Steadies himself.
It’s real.
Dean! It’s amazing!’), and generally anything else he can.
There’s a long moment of silence then.
and that’s what matters.
He closes his eyes and lets himself sleep, knowing he’ll wake up safe in the morning.
“I was——“ Dean laughs again and tips his head back until it knocks against the headboard. “I was thinking you’d sleep on the other side, but,” He grabs Cas’ arm before he can move away. “This works, too.”
Jack shrugs, and doesn’t wince, which is enough of an answer for Sam. “It doesn’t hurt much. I still don’t understand why you wanted to bandage it. I’m almost done healing.”
“‘Night, Cas.”
Dean grabs Cas’ hand and starts to pull him towards the bedrooms before he can think too hard about the exchange that has just occurred. He’s gone too long without sleep to be rational for much longer, so it’s best that he brings Cas where he needs to go before either of them completely lose their minds to sleep deprivation and start babbling nonsense. In Dean’s case that would most likely result in a disgustingly chick-flick-y ramble of a speech in an effort to tell Cas everything that he hasn’t had the chance to yet, and Dean would much rather wait to sort things out when he is better rested.
Eventually, Dean reaches a bridge, and the car (he’s long since stopped thinking of it as Baby) stops. Dean finally makes himself take his foot off of the gas, though it doesn’t seem to matter, because the car had already killed the engine and put on its brakes, seemingly of its own accord.
When his vision returns, so does most of his awareness. Hot blood is running down his side, and there’s so much, more than Dean expected from a scratch, but he supposes that Chuck is still doctoring reality enough to hurt them more than they should be.
room——and sits on his side of the bed.
Chuck had pushed Eileen away from Sam. Killed Dean on a piece of rusty metal. He had made Jack
All that Chuck’s ending is——everything that god’s perfect, inescapable plan has become——is just dust in the wind.
“Cas?” He asks in a raspy voice. “You——you’re awake?” He reaches out and lays his hand over top one of Cas’. Cas looks down at it, notes the IV stuck into his arm, and adds that to the list of ‘things that the Shadow is doing new this time around.’ It usually doesn’t care much for realism, unless it causes Cas excruciating pain, but right now Cas is more tired than anything.
Despite everything that’s happened between them, Jack hopes that Dean is fairing well.
He coughs, blinking away the blurriness in his vision as he’s led across the room, and guided into a chair. Breath——cold as anything he’s ever known——burns in his chest, and sucks in a deep breath to try to warm his constricted lungs. Gentle hands move from his shoulders to his arms, cheeks, and finally his back when Cas doubles over with hacking coughs.
It’s a picture-perfect replica of something that Dean used to love doing.
Maybe he’s being greedy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas takes another sip of ashy water and stares at the wall. With ‘Dean’ dead, the Shadow will get bored quickly——it always does after Cas starts killing people——and the illusion will reset, with a few differences. It always does.
Plain pasta it is. Maybe they still have some canned tomatoes, but Dean doesn’t have nearly enough time to put together a sauce that won’t taste like shit, so he just throws some bowties (the ones that are three different colors because Jack likes the orange ones the most, and Sam seems to think that they’re more healthy than they actually are) into a pot of boiling water, and rifles through the cabinets for olive oil. They should have that, at least.
And after that, everything is in place.
them.
There’s a disgusting crunch of
“Cas,” he repeats, just a little louder. His throat protests, but Dean barely feels it.
Sam is really starting to worry about Dean. Things aren’t normal by any stretch of the imagination——they never have been——but this is bad, even for them. Sam hasn’t seen Dean sleep since he had passed out from sheer pain, right after Purgatory, and hasn’t seen him eat more than a couple of bites of food at a time. Even then, it’s only because Sam has prompted him.
“I’m gonna pass out in a few minutes,” Dean says, clearly fighting off a yawn as he steps next to his bed. “So,” he pulls back the covers on his bed, sits on it, and scoots in towards the middle a bit. “Sleep. C’mere.”
The mixtape isn’t really even Cas’. It’s just something that Dean had given to him, but it’s all Dean has left of his best friend.
The nightmares are always the same. Cas: taken by the empty. But after Cas disappears, the void remains——pulsing, wet, and dark. It beckons Dean, tells him that he should follow Cas. That they’ll be together in eternal sleep.
Of course, Cas could always kill himself instead. But that wouldn’t hurt the Shadow, and god, Cas wants the Shadow to hurt, if only a little.
Dean limps into the bunker after Sam and Jack. He trails about a dozen feet behind them——not for a lack or energy, or an inability to keep up——but simply because he doesn’t think he can face Sam and Jack right now.
In short, it had been a lot. It still is, but Dean is getting through it.
Like he had before Chuck broke him for the last time. Before Chuck had tried to ‘fix’ him and just ended up tossing the whole thing out.
Even if it's fake, at least it's something.
Weird.
Cas doesn’t realize he’s started crying until Dean reaches out (his hand is shaking a little, Cas notes idly) and wipes the tears off one of Cas’ cheeks.
Pained groaning is Sam’s only response.
“Sam, are you okay?” There are so many other things Dean wants to ask——
Jack tries to squint at Dean, but it looks like he hasn’t quite gotten his body under control yet, because all he manages is a jerky blink. “Not really, no.”
It’s dark when Dean wakes up, which is the first sign of trouble.
pretty about disemboweling a mythological creature in the middle of a forest, while you’re surrounded by various corpses of animals and people. It’s what has to be done, though, so Dean is going to do it.
Dean rolls off of the couch that he somehow ended up on, and limp-walks to the kitchen. The smell of food becomes stronger as he gets closer to it, and it ties his already pinched stomach into knots.
Cas is sitting on the counter, legs crossed, coffee in his hands. He sits up a bit when he sees Dean, and takes a sip of his coffee.
He pretends that Jody, and the girls are real.
He dislodges the ophiotaurus’ horns from the ground without much trouble, and turns it into what he thinks is a stomach-up position, judging by the huge bloody gash that he had left in it with the angel blade. Dean widens the gash, and lo and behold, there’s the goods. He smiles——morbid as it is——and tucks his angel blade away.
“What you said earlier, after we…”
Dean takes that as his cue to collapse completely, and pass the hell out.
“Dean, what did you
possessed by god, and...
happens), and the blood striped across his skin doesn’t help him look composed in the slightest.
Easy peasy, lemon-squeezy.
) the place is crawling with monsters——it is their home, after all——but today (tonight, this week. Year. Who knows?) it’s empty, and quiet as a crypt. That’s a completely accurate statement, too, because Dean knows crypts better than the average person.
It had taken years for Dean to tell anyone else.
“It’s me, Cas,” Dean says. “It’s Dean. I’m here to take you back home.”
Dean looks up and over at Sam and Eileen, a weak smile on his face. “Hey, Sammy,” he croaks. “Found Cas.” Dean’s voice breaks on the second word, and he has tears pooling in his eyes, but he couldn’t care less. He lets go of Cas, just a bit, and turns to face Sam and Eileen better, but freezes when he feels one of Cas’ cold hands touch his neck gently.
He sounds dazed, tired, and just a bit confused, but he sounds like
But hey, at least he has a life.
It’s no easy task to break into the empty. Dean knows this because he’s spent the last two months doing almost nothing but looking for a way to bring Cas back.
In the end, Chuck ends up putting up enough walls in Dean’s mind to build an apartment building. (Which is kind of what he’s doing. He’s compartmentalizing so that Dean doesn’t have to. How thoughtful.)
And that is how they end up at a table: Dean nervously tapping at the wood of it, and Cas refusing to even potentially meet Dean’s eyes. Both of them now quiet. It has been a couple hours since they had started talking, both still buzzing with adrenaline, and every bit of Chuck’s puppetry that Dean understands and knows of has been revealed. He almost wishes he hadn’t said some of the stuff he did, if only to spare Cas the mental images.
“You thought it.” Dean sighs and props himself against the wall. “I can still see it on your face.” He stalks one of the books he dropped on top of another book.
There’s no pushback. Dean thinks harder.
going to drive a damn KIA.
Sam takes a shaky breath. He looks almost as overwhelmed as he feels. “And this is because——”
“Where’s Jack?”
Then Chuck shows up——again, according to plan——and proceeds to beat the living shit out of Sam and Dean. Sam makes pained noises, and laughs when he knows he’s won, but Dean doesn’t so much as whimper when god fractures his jaw.
Sam follows, shell-shocked.
Okay peeps, let's GOOOOOOOOOOOO
They had always been so busy, and had never had time to sit down and get him properly settled in.
at me,” Dean pleads. “Cas, please.”
dangerous?
thing is taken care of, Chuck switches a few wires (okay, a lot of wires), fries some synapses (okay, a lot of synapses), and generally fucks around with Dean’s fragile, traumatized, broken brain in an effort to fix him.
There are a lot of things that Dean doesn’t know, and a lot of things that he can’t let himself know.
Dean walks over to the dresser next to his bed, pulls one of the drawers open, and pulls out a couple articles of clothing. He holds them out to Cas, who looks at them with a confused expression.
“Cas, please…”
All Dean wants is for the things he cares about to be safe. Still, here he is: with a recently un-dead brother, a son
Wait. How had it been?
more thing almost sends him over the edge for the umpteenth time this week. (day, month. Whatever the fuck.)
Dean had forgotten that Sam and Eileen were coming for dinner.
they haven’t seen before,
It’s relaxing.
Some part of Dean knows that the yawning emptiness inside of him is the space in his heart that used to be filled by Cas. Now, there’s nothing there, and it’s going to tear Dean apart. He doesn’t know if he can stop it, but he does know that he’s either going to pull Cas out of the empty, or die trying.
He pulls out a... He’s almost certain it’s a section of intestine, and it immediately splits into pieces. It’s disgusting, but he has it, and that’s all he needs, so he holds it against his chest, and walks over to Sam, who is trying to coax a small fire into a blaze large enough to burn the entrails. He dumps some more lighter fluid onto the pile of burning sticks, and the flames leap higher.
Cas is wheezing by the time they reach the door, and nearly pitches forward into Dean when he stops.
It doesn’t matter how much fighting Dean does then, because nothing can stop the cold, inky tendrils of the empty from dragging him under and down, down, down, into unconsciousness. Hopefully Sam will be able to run the earth by himself, though Dean can’t imagine any reality where Sam would have a problem with that. He’s more balanced than Chuck could ever hope to be, and it’s not like Dean was doing much good there, anyway.
“It’s okay.” Dean wriggles out of Cas’ hold and makes himself stand. Cas stands with him.
Sam shoots Dean a look, but doesn’t think too hard about the situation, and quickly opens the back door of the car to remove a wriggling, six month old baby. He tucks his daughter carefully against his chest, and steps to the front of the car so that the still-smoldering pyre is between himself and Dean. The baby gurgles and grabs onto the collar of Sam’s flannel. Sam bounces her into a more comfortable position.
“Cas, when you said there’s ‘too much,’ what did you mean?”
“Hello, Dean.”
“You don’t need to say that.”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Dean spies the river he and Sam are looking for, and pulls off of the road to park. No words are exchanged as the car stops and Sam and Dean get out. They stay silent all the way to the river, unready to break the silence, or to speak of things they’re not ready to do much as think about.
Cas turns towards Dean, his face a picture of worry and... guilt?
Claire had killed the djinn, hot wired the Impala (as you do), driven it back to Jody’s, and left it in the driveway for about 48 hours while she decided what to do next. What to do next, apparently, was to wash the car off, call Kaia, and sit in the kitchen for three hours awaiting her arrival.
A low moo emanates from the silty river’s edge, and it would be almost comical if Dean didn’t have so much adrenaline pumping though him. This is small potatoes in the grand scheme of things, but there’s something about not being able to /see/ the thing you’re hunting. He flips the blade in his hand, trying to track the sound, and the next thing he knows, his feet have been bowled out from under him, and he’s on the ground with a splitting pain in his gut.
And drives.
None of that stops Dean from running full-tilt at the angel and crushing him in the tightest hug he can manage in a sad attempt to right his unresponsiveness the last time he had seen Cas. (It doesn’t help, though, because this is just Dean’s sad brain’s projection of the thing he wants most in this world.)
“Dean?”
Dinner is a quiet affair. No one talks beyond the tired, mumbled greetings exchanged when Sam and Jack make their appearance. Dean mostly picks at his food, and Sam does much the same, but Jack seems to have an appetite, at least.
Dean shimmies out from under the ophiotaurus, stumbles to his feet, and steps back until he’s next to Sam. The angel blade is still in Dean’s tightly clenched fist, covered in dark blood, but Dean barely notices it. He’s busy staring at the quarter-visible monster, impaled into the ground in front of them.
Dean is tired. He’s tired, cold and angry (so angry, all the fuckin’ time, and there’s no way to stop it), but at least he’s trying.
It’s in just saying it.
That had been that, and everything had become so much easier since then. No one had really cared. It hadn’t been weird.
The book hisses and spits up a patch of ashy smoke. A sad whistle escapes the foil cover as it melts.
in the empty——he can’t leave his family. He can’t——
“Why?”
It hurts, not like being stabbed or shot, but in a soul-deep, cleansing way. It doesn’t feel good by any measure, but the weight off of Cas’ chest when he starts to let himself cry is near enough to make him dizzy. At some point he abandons the idea of keeping quiet, and just lets the tears flow. He’s dimly aware of Dean standing up and sliding into the seat next to him, and the warm arm that suddenly appears around his shoulders, but he can’t focus on it now. All Cas seems capable of at the moment is producing more tears.
He truly is his fathers’ son.
“You’re not real,” he mutters, strained. “You’re not real.”
Dean... he likes to think he deserves the same. He likes to think he’ll
Cas groans weakly, and leans into Dean. Cas’ eyes are shut in a way that says he’s in pain, but Dean can’t see any visible marks on Cas, and counts them both lucky for that.
Sam pushes her away, and he doesn’t understand why, which only makes it better.
No matter how much he’s hurting physically, Dean’s mental demons refuse to leave him alone. He can’t stop replaying Cas’ last moments in his mind. Even months later, it won’t leave Dean alone.
And that’s what matters.
Once they’re sure that Chuck can’t find them, Sam takes off for the showers to wash away all of the blood that he’s accumulated throughout Heaven, Purgatory, and earth. Dean decides to hit the books, and only stops when Sam practically drags his half catatonic body out of the library and forces him to clean up.
“Who else?”
But they can’t just give up. Dean doesn’t know
Sam walks through the door anyway. Dean follows, a smug grin on his face as he passes through the portal.
Dean starts moving. He leaves the safety of the warm light, and walks into the darkness, going where his feet lead him. He has no direction, no way of knowing where Cas is, or how to wake him up. The aching hole in his heart pulls him to the left.
Despite the falsity of it all, Cas’ heart never fails to soar when he hears that, even though he knows the real Dean would never say it. Hollow joy aside, Cas doesn’t visibly react to Dean’s words in the slightest. He should be upset at himself for staying silent, and putting another worried look on Dean’s face, but he just can’t bring himself to care.
he thinks as he slices his hand open. He barely notices the sting, what with the other various sources of stabbing pain all over his body, but he knows that he cut too deep and his hand is gonna hurt like a bitch later. That is, if he survives.
But he still thinks that he has the right to be more than a bit nervous after what happened when he had come out to John a few days before his seventeenth birthday.
Dean is snapped out of his prayer by Sam’s worried and confused voice. He looks at the path——
Cas had thought that the Shadow simply wanted him to go insane, but apparently he was wrong.
Dean had been frustrated with the amount of trees in Heaven, but purgatory is no better. It’s worse, actually, because it’s
That’s when Dean wakes up. Never before that, never after.
Sam doesn’t talk much after initial greetings are exchanged. He’s not twitchy with worries and fear——not like Dean has come to be, anyway——but he’s quiet. Questions about his family go unanswered, and when he does answer, he never sounds sure of himself.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers. “Dean, I——I swear, if there had been any other way, I wouldn’t have told you.”
“Sam? Dean?” He looks around frantically, and Dean’s stomach turns at the sight of the open gash in the back of Jack’s head. Golden light shines from it, and Dean can see the flesh trying to knit itself back together.
How much of eternity has Cas slept through?
A very, very long drive.
“You okay?”
He has to hear Dean’s next prayer. He has to make sure that Dean is oka——
Cas squints at Dean, and arches an eyebrow slightly. “Yes? All you said is that she must have sent it as a joke, and then you tossed it into the corner of our room——“ Cas clears his throat and prepares finger quotes. “For ‘Miracle to eat.’”
Every night, Cas climbs into Dean’s bed, and Dean holds him until they fall asleep. It’s nice——it really is——but Cas can’t help the tears that threaten to creep up on him when he remembers that none of this is real, and it never will be. All the same, Cas manages to fall asleep next to Dean almost every night, and wakes up curled in his arms almost every morning.
“Doesn’t mean it’ll be easy to find.”
Dean whines——it’s really more of a whimper——at the sudden noise. His head aches, and everything is foggy around him. There’s a hand on his shoulder, shaking roughly, and it
too much, and Dean doesn’t know how much more of this he can live through in rapid succession without breaking down and ending up run through with a sharp bit of metal again.
Sam shakes his head. “Chuck is gone. Jack beat him——you
Dean sets his jaw, and summons the most determined look that he can. “Then we’re going to find one.”
Across the mostly caved-in room, a chunk of rock clatters to the floor and spins in a lazy, lopsided circle.
“Dean,” He sobs. “Dean.
Or, more rather: without Cas, who is trapped in the empty for eternity. Cas, who died for Dean, without knowing that Dean loves him back.
Sam leaves in a frustrated huff. Grudgingly, Dean takes a nap (dozes off with a book for a pillow), and picks at some cereal that he just ends up tossing out in the end.
Oh, Dean. He isn’t doing well at all. Everything that Chuck wants him to be: the strong, ruthless hunter who couldn’t give a shit——all of that——is irrelevant as far as Dean’s current characterization is concerned. At the moment, Dean is anything but the person Chuck had designed him to be. He’s drinking, and not in a way that makes him seem cool and rugged, which is the way that it was intended to look in the beginning. What Dean is doing is drinking himself to death, and honestly? It’s not as fun to watch as Chuck had thought it would be.
No one finds his body.
his power, too. He heals, uses it for transport (‘
He can’t do this.
So he keeps looking for a way to kill god, if only for something to do. He keeps working, searching for a method of death where there isn’t one, and a weapon that probably doesn’t exist.
Dean laughs, and Cas looks up at him in confusion. “What?”
They take out the IV, disconnect the monitors, and Cas almost looks like himself again. Yeah, he’s human, and a little pale, but he’s
——but that shallow, broad question is the only one that passes ‘inspection.’ He doesn’t even attempt to ask any others. It doesn’t feel safe to do so.
(See the end of the chapter for
The water sticks in Cas’ throat. He coughs, almost chokes, and doesn’t think of the helpless, terrified look that the Shadow had pasted onto Dean’s face. Cas had almost backed out then, but had pushed through at the last second. Anything to get back to the real Dean.
It’s about feelings. Of course it’s about feelings. Dean... he’s not always the best at those. He doesn’t know how to deal with them——no one ever told him how to when he was younger, and the older he got, the less time there was for stuff like ‘processing’ and talking things out——but he can try, for Cas’ sake. At the least, Dean can fake his way through this enough so that Cas will be alright.
In Sam’s humble opinion, it’s kind of a lot for a person to do, especially considering the situation as a whole.
Apparently, Dean has built a tiny pyre for this specific occasion. It’s about the size of a ukulele, and sits on the road in front of the bunker. He presents it dramatically, drops the book onto the pyre, and looks down at it with a self-satisfied expression. There’s a container of lighter fluid next to it, and Dean picks it up, then tosses it to Cas.
Cas lets himself stare. It’s not creepy——it can’t be when none of it is real——so he allows himself to look. He’ll enjoy it while he can, before the illusion inevitably takes a turn for the worst.
In his
There’s no telling exactly what is needed, seeing as few have attempted to travel to the empty, but some of this angel stuff seems instinctive, and Dean trusts Jack to do this correctly. He doesn’t have any other options, but he genuinely trusts Jack. After all, if he can’t trust his kid, who can he trust?
At least now his words are preserved. The last thing he said was to Cas——not what he should have said——but it was to Cas nonetheless. No. It was
Night never falls in purgatory. Not really, anyway. It just becomes more and more dusky, and eventually lightens back to a disgustingly overcast sky. There’s no sun, no warmth either, just cold, greyish misery.
Stabbing /god himself/ in the back with a literal pocketknife was not on the bucket list, but here Dean is.
Something attacks Chuck from behind, and he has just enough time to see Dean turn left before his vision is obscured by his ‘grandson.’
“No!” Dean shakes his head and steps back. “No! I just... I just need to deal with her.” He forces a smile. “She’ll warm up to it eventually. I mean, she’s stuck with us, right?”
Dean does as he’s told.
Dean is fully intent on avoiding any and all consequences, especially if it means he stays in control of his body. He thinks he knows what body-snatched him——what controlled him and fucked him up almost beyond the point of return——but he doesn’t go so far as to consciously think it.
Chuck stumbles back, clutches his shoulder, and hisses in pain. The angel blade disappears with a snap of Chuck’s fingers, and the bloody hole heals itself immediately. Even the suit mends perfectly.
Sam has always wanted a normal life.
“The shadow knows I’m awake.”
“Dean! Hey, Dean! Wake up!”
happen——because, as far as Dean knows, no one has made any deals, and god is still dead, but anything is possible.
“I think... I can’t bring him back on my own, but I can try to open a door to the empty.” Jack sits up slightly taller, as if steeling himself for what that would take. “Someone would need to go in and pull him out, though. Does that work?”
He’s a (mostly former) hunter. He’s a father. (Not really. And a shit one at that.) He’s something of a legend in the hunting community, though everyone is afraid of him now, rather than in awe, like they are with Sam.
Scared, broken, and hurting, Dean Winchester dies, choking on his own blood.
Sam sucks in a harsh breath, thinking back to the time between Chuck’s supposed defeat and Dean’s death. “A few months, at least. I thought you were acting weird for a few days, and then...” He squinted, thinking. “You were happier than I had seen you in ages. I guess that was someone else, though.”
He keeps walking.
They talk about Chuck. About Jack: how he became god, and quickly gave the power up so the world could run itself for once. Naturally, Cas asks where Jack is——at Jody’s——Sam and Dean had sent him there once they had realized that Cas wasn’t going to wake up quickly.
People are scared of Dean now. They can sense his badness in the same way that Dean remembers being able to feel the inherent evil in Amara’s energy when she was near. As a result, they stay far away. Most of them, anyway. If they don’t avoid Dean, he hides from them as best he can without disappearing into some kind of other plane of existence. Maybe it’s that he doesn’t have many places to go, or maybe it’s that he doesn’t actually want to be alone, but he’s always found eventually. Usually by Sam, if he’s not busy solving the entirety of the earth’s problems, or Claire. Dean doesn’t understand why she worries, but some part of him appreciates it anyway.
“If you consider me dying of tetanus and Sam going to live in the suburbs with some random chick bad, yes,” Dean answers. He’s having a hard time keeping his expression straight while saying this, because the idea that /that/ could be a happy ending——as Chuck had probably intended to present it——is laughable at best.
From there, Dean is going to try as hard as he can to get sober, and to stay that way. He’s gonna be better.
Dean makes a face like he has just accidentally swallowed a roach before continuing to speak. “Anyway, after that it’s a whole lot of bullshit about how nice his life was. There——“ Dean breaks off laughing. “There was this whole section about how he had a kid, and named it after me to ‘honor me’ or something.” He flips a couple more pages. “His life was miserable.”
Dean doesn’t know. Maybe he’s in shock. Maybe he’s still bleeding out in that barn, speared through with rebar and this is just his mind trying to convince him he’s still alive. Maybe he’s——
the Shadow hisses. “You can throw all the tantrums you want, but you’re never getting him back.”
It’s too late.
He shuts the book, scrambles into a standing position, and bolts for the storage room.
Cas looks down at the dime store quality, objectifying art, and grimaces at the title and author’s name embossed on the cover.
He does that now, and flips on the lights when he enters the kitchen. His phone clatters to the counter, and he flips on the electric boiler as he walks to the mugs. He takes one of the larger ones, and drops a teabag in it. Even if he doesn’t drink much of it, it’ll be warm, which is what Dean needs right now.
Cas flashes a look of confusion Dean’s way, and promptly throws up all over himself. It’s watery——almost all alcohol——and smells horrible, but Cas just looks at it with palpable disappointment, and, for a half a second, Dean expects the mess to clean itself up out of shame. It doesn’t, of course, which leaves Dean to fix things.
They can start like this. Dean will get rid of all the alcohol tomorrow morning, and from there…
After that, everything kind of happens in slow motion.
(He’s not dead.)
“Give him back to me, or I’m gonna make you hurt.”
Dean tries to smile in a self-satisfied manner, but his eyes roll back in his head without his consent, and he passes out again instead.
What do people like to say?
Sticky blood bubbles up around the handle of the knife and pools on the ground. There’s
Jack looks just as stunned as Sam, and a little teary himself.
“I didn’t say you were.”
He shakes his hands out again. Mouths the words.
Here we are!!! At the end!!! I hope y'all like it more than Carry On. It's been fun, and thanks for all the comments and kudos along the way. You guys are great.
The gang recovers from the battle against Chuck, and everyone is in a bit of shock.
If you liked it please drop a comment or a kudo. They make me go absolutely feral, and wouldn't you want to see that?
All Dean is, is... is——is——
“Dean?”
Damnit. Dean hates the outdoors.
At some point, Dean stops thinking about anything but driving. Left turn; right turn; a circle that lead somewhere it shouldn’t. Dean doesn’t fight it. He doesn’t question it. All he does is drive.
Then he might be able to think of a way to get out of this. A way to wake up. A way to get back to Dean. The real Dean.
Then they come to a fork in the road. Something tells Dean to take a right, so he banks hard to the left before the car can correct him, and that’s when everything goes haywire.
“It’s okay,” Dean says, his voice quiet and soft.
“You’re really going to try to kill me again?” Chuck asks, propping a hand on his hip.
He’d taken it to the grave, actually.
please!
Tonight, it’s not enough.
comes from across the river, and Dean’s breath freezes in his lungs when he sees what looks like nothing disappear into the current.
That——apparently——is not a good look, and will probably get him arrested, so he’s staying in the alleyway and awaiting his brother’s return. That, and wondering what the actual hell has happened since Chuck speared him through the spine.
After everything had calmed down, Dean had realized that he was missing two things very important to him: Miracle, and Baby.
Castiel.
But then, suddenly, Sam is behind him, and Dean feels marginally better. At least he has his brother.
It’s the easy coolness of the air, the heat of the coffee, and Dean’s presence next to him. The way that they can just sit together, knowing what they mean to each other, and knowing that they’re both safe and alive, and the fact that Cas actually
so entertaining to see Jack try, though.
Dean’s cheeks are wet with tears that sting the cuts on his face. He doesn’t think he can move. As it is, he’s still having trouble breathing, and everything is...
bad.”
Again, anger flares in his chest, and with a sudden fuck-all attitude, Dean lets it unfurl. Something sparks inside him, and it ignites as the nothingness surrounding him and the Shadow starts to shake. For the first time since the beginning——since the explosion after Chuck’s demise——the painful itch under Dean’s skin diminishes, and he relishes it. It feels the same as when he gave in to the mark, but he tries to ignore that. Maybe if he uses enough of this anger he’s been saddled with he can over power the Shadow long enough to find Cas.
Of course, Chuck hasn’t had time to map out and place surveillance on every inch of Heaven, but he should at least be able to
Eventually (after probably far too long), the tears and heaving sobs trail off, and Cas ends up leaning heavily against Dean. Every part of him is exhausted, and his limbs feel like they’re filled with sand. Thankfully, Dean doesn’t seem at all annoyed by Cas’ tears soaking into the sleeve of his shirt, or the fact that Cas is halfway to practically laying in his lap. If anything, he just seems concerned. Cas doesn’t even need to be an angel anymore to sense the worry that Dean is loudly broadcasting with his body language.
“You ready?” He asks Jack.
“The empty won’t let Cas out with his grace,” Dean says in realization, glancing at the wall where the empty had appeared last. “That’s why it wanted you.” He jerks his head in Jack’s direction. “For all the... angelic parts, right?”
See you soon!
It was Claire of all people who had found it.
