But. It’s not difficult to recognize.
. He’s answering before he’s even registered the name that’s lighting up the screen. “Sammy?”
“You’re not.” Sam looks at him with the smile cooling on his face, turning back somber.
Dean sets the knife down. “Do you?” It’s posing as one, wearing its trappings, but is the furthest thing from a challenge.
“Sure thing,” Dean says, caught up in the lines of his profile. “For what it’s worth, I, uh, miss him too. And I’m,” he wants to say it. He has to say it. “I’m glad he doesn’t have to do that, y’know. God shit. I’m glad he’s just here with us.”
Cas is smiling against the sun; Dean wonders if it’s ever gonna stop hurting.
“That soon? Back to work then, I guess. Just,” Dean tries imitating a whip-crack noise with his mouth, but it loses a bit of its punch when he’s got no free hands to drive it home. “There’s, ah. There’s a motion that usually accompanies that.”
“Listen,” he says, overcome by a wave of sentiment that takes control of his voice before he can stop it. “I know you’re not an angel anymore, I know you gave it all up, that whole old eternity thing, all for us, and,” Dean stops, inhales. There are things that get easier with time and there are things that Dean will be hacking against forever; it’s hard to tell what exactly this is yet. “And I love you for it.”
another before he turns away again. “Well, let’s—let’s start on that marinade. You know how grumpy Sam gets if there’s not something cooking on arrival.”
“Yeah, except I really don’t.”
Cas, unrelenting as the force of nature he once was, still is, holds his face in his calloused hands and leaves Dean gasping, awestruck, a hundred other things he’d never thought he’d actually unveil in front of another breathing person. And maybe he wouldn’t, in front of anybody else, but—it’s
“I’m sorry.”
“What!”
“The end of days,” Castiel says rather than voice anything of the kind, “is not for entertainment purposes.”
Except—
The thing is, it’s not exactly earth-shattering.
“Hey,” Sam says. Dean looks over his shoulder to see him smiling sort of quizzically. “Coffee ready?”
“Mm.” Cas strokes the hair at the back of his neck gently, like trailing one pointer finger along the edge of a cat’s tail. “I just wanted to make sure.”
“Nothing like talking to you angels to make me feel like half a high school diploma’s almost too much,” Dean says, reaching for his beer. After a long pull, “dig in already, c’mon, I feel weird.” Cas very slowly does, chewing like you would if you were still half asleep. “Well? How are the molecules?”
do not accompany my girlfriend and I on a six-hour drive to some shitty Nebraska town, make us get another room in a shitty Nebraska motel, and have us look even more suspicious all so you can, what? Hold an additional flashlight?” Sam shakes his head. “We’ve got it.”
now, because he apparently spends all his time on chicken rearing websites. At Sam’s half-wincing, half-hopeful eyes over the box, Dean can’t even do anything but roll his and help him pick a room to set them up in—little bastards need a heat lamp.
Cas spits something that might be the distant ancestor of a laugh. “I—tell me to stop—
“Listen, I don’t—”
Shit. “Hey, Cas.”
Cas’ face smooths out, almost-amusement taking the place of confusion. “Hm.”
Sam snorts. “By this point, you’re owed an off year.”
“The upcoming local school board election, Dean, what do you think? Whatever’s going on with you and Cas.”
“I’m not—fuck you.”
“Already on the list. Dean, I’m not debating the pros and cons of cage-free eggs with you again, if you would just—”
“Fuck off, I,” Dean gestures towards the pot brewing. “It’s almost done, whatever.”
“I would,” he starts, then nods, as if he’s affirming his newly thought decision to himself, as if he’s still learning the borders of the human body in his possession. “I would continue to follow you, Dean Winchester.”
“If I wanted to stop?”
That’s what’s on the schedule for today, or, it’s meant to be, when Cas blinks one eye open against the sun.
“You do understand that no matter the sauce, it will—”
He’d walk back into shared motel rooms with bruises up and down his neck, half a prayer in his head that Sam wouldn’t ask, half a lie formed on his tongue in case he did.
Sometimes, maybe more than that, Dean identifies a certain feeling, pattern. Cas and he’ll be knee deep in the act, sweating and cursing like God intended—or didn’t, whatever’s hotter—and Dean’ll feel it, three times against his ankle. Ignorable, except the same sentiment is being roughly hummed against his jaw. No words. Just the body, the shape.
It was a whisper, the way whatever strange energy that’d been inhabiting Jack’s skin bled out from him and slinked away, but Dean saw it all the same. Without checking over his shoulder, he knew the Empty was gone, closed up for good. He knew that Jack was free of his power, of the strength and burden of it. He knew that the people standing before him were so incredibly precious.
“I mean, c’mon, take a look.” Dean spreads his hands. “Normal life wasn’t enough, ganking the occasional ghoul wasn’t enough, selling my soul, getting wrenched outta
“Why?” It’s a plea, begging on his bruised and bloody knees.
“We should,” Dean says, a hopefully effective counterpoint to whatever the hell’s running through Cas’ head right now. “We really, really should.”
Ask anybody, garages are inherently sexy places: cars, half-shucked coveralls, the pitch black of motor oil. There’s a whole hell of a lot in a garage that would—well. Get someone’s engine revving, as it were.
“Okay,” Sam says, hands up, smiling a little. “Okay. Just checking, because, you know. That whole conversation we had about not lying to each other anymore?”
“Is this what we’re doing now?” Dean says, turning at last and flipping a loose hand between them. His eyes are heavy. “You’re pretty big for a messenger pigeon, Cas—next time, tell ‘em they can just call me.”
Dean knows what he’s talking about, knows the track of this old, ancient conversation. “I told you, you don’t have to apologize—”
“You deserve,” he tries again, holding Dean’s head in his hands. “You deserve more than this, more than angels; you deserve to be
“Thanks.”
“As long as you want to be held.” Which is a can of worms Cas doesn’t know he’s opening, so Dean lets it lie, tangles his fingers with Cas’ instead.
“How’s he doing, anyway?” Dean’s gotten texts from Jack’s cross country victory lap road trip, of course he has, but he hears Cas’ phone buzz every forty-five minutes; he knows he could scroll for days and not get to the end of the picture and emoji updates on there. “Claire killed him yet?”
If Dean had known beforehand the amount of trouble that’d been slated to accompany the used baby-blue hybrid monstrosity that Cas now drives, he would—well, he still probably would’ve haggled just as hard with the elderly woman selling it. It’s stupid, out-of-your-mind corny, but he knows the way it makes Cas smile, has it memorized like the back of his hand, and so, it stays. So what if leaks wiper fluid all over the garage floor, if it sounds like a goddamn asthmatic whenever it goes up a hill with a more than 30 degree incline? Dean’s been in enough junkyards to know the shell of a car ain’t really anything until the sun warms it up, until there’s a person inside going somewhere. Like any kind of place, they become what you love about ‘em, and boy, with its shitty Bluetooth radio and beaded steering wheel cover, does Cas love the thing. It wears the Christmas tree air freshener he’s hung over the rearview like a protective amulet and sticks around.
“Yeah,” he says, almost unbidden. He half wants Cas to place his unoccupied hand back at his mouth, just to have something to do with it that’s not producing the breathy shit he’s doing now. “Yeah, Cas, like that.”
as Cas to be fouled up by it being in static picture form.
The man declines to even look over the curve of his shoulder, round and soft in his worn grey shirt. “What is it now,” he says, and, twisted up in its own weariness, it is not quite a question.
The longer they sit, the more Dean’s mind wanders. Sweating slightly in the oven-heat, was this what the garden of Eden was like? Not that Dean is too enchanted by ideas like that anymore, the mythic ones; with their luck, the real garden of Eden is supplying some dispensary outside of Kansas City. Dean’s tired of trying to predict how the divine’ll manifest itself only to find the word of God on the back of a soup can; he’s tired of reading soup cans.
“See, you saying my name like that’s not exactly a discouragement.”
“I’ll be sure to report that to middle management,” Cas says, surprising a snort out of Dean, who draws back far enough to look him in his flat, amused eyes. Man, he likes this. “I did work retail once, if you recall.”
“Eventually.”
“Oh for—we live off of credit card fraud! It’s all fake money!”
“Right.”
If there is, Dean’ll never find out, because Cas whips the phone out of his hand before he can blink; in another, the laptop is snapped closed and set on the nightstand with it.
“Are you broken?”
“And even if she
earth, and the man sitting across from him is tipping the scales in their favor. Dean taps the table with his fingertips.
Weeks go by.
“I’m relaxed!”
“And you, Cas?” Dean says; it’s so beautiful, so light here in their kitchen, like they’re living in the cheesy-ass spark at the end of the dark, never-ending tunnel that’s been the rest of Dean’s life. It almost hurts his eyes. “What do you choose?”
Cas hums, looking back down at his phone, his face folded into some sweet sort of sadness as he looks at the screen. Dean’s fingers flex on his thigh.
“Right.”
that vibrates through the drywall to smack him in the face.
“I mean, I figure,” Dean shrugs, and, careful like he never learned to be with a loaded gun, he says, “it’s already late. And you’ve passed out in my bed before.”
“Ah, no,” Dean says, settling back down into his seat. “Just—it’s been four days.” Saying it makes Dean start a little. Four whole days? Huh. “Does a salt and burn usually take that long, or are we gettin’ old?”
The permission ends as Dean turns his face down and away from Castiel’s reaching fingertips. “Yeah, well,” he says, clearing his throat. “What’ve you got to compare it to?”
Cas hums, chest against Dean’s, hands tight on his arms, his sides, all of it free game. “Alright.”
Doesn’t mean he has to make it easy.
Dean smiles. “Nah, I mean.” He sighs, trying to let the released air carry away some of the upcoming statement’s syrupy weight. “Thanks for being here to do that shit in the first place.”
“It’s—who cares,” Dean’s voice is so close, interior, a prayer. “It’s the goddamn human experience, Cas.”
“Categorically untrue,” Cas says with the voice of soldier, one who knows exactly what it feels like to gain ground. Goddammit.
“I mean, sans miracle, a few months from now, we’re off the map. Kaput. Wiped out. Fuckin’—atoms.”
“Yeah, man, I do that sometimes. Hard to believe, I know.”
“No, you’re not.”
“I can’t.”
It really should be easier by now. Dean clenches his jaw against the truth, the part of himself that wants to reveal that it wasn’t so much a question as some kind of plea:
who’s got it wrong.”
me, I’m gonna die if you don’t, I fucking swear—”
It’s hardly anything yet, but the promise is there, and soon enough Cas crooks his finger and—delivers.
“Hey, don’t freak out,” Dean says, sliding an arm up and over Cas’ chest.
A body, a weapon, they are the same thing to Castiel in every single moment except this one, wherein he can see nothing less like a blade than himself. Irresponsible, to succumb to the whims of this frame, but he wants—oh, he wants to.
“I’m gonna need to hear you say it.” His blood beats hot in his tongue. “Or, wait, better—break it down for me, real small chunks.”
Jack blinked. “I don’t know what to do,” he said, and Dean took an unwilling step forward at the lost little sound of his voice. “I’ve been working towards you for so long and now—I just don’t know what to do.”
Dean, on the other hand, has been clamping down on himself since he was old enough to realize that voicing a problem just duplicated it, made someone else carry your equally weighty and fucked up load beside you. He wants to keep it light, speak in other people’s words, if only to keep the burden tied directly to his own awful heart. There’s nothing he can confess that won’t just make things worse.
“Do you,” Cas says, mouth warm and wet against the corner of Dean’s jaw, “do you want me, here?”
“Do you,” Cas says, and looks at him, lets the rest of the sentence write itself.
Fuck.
Cas’ gaze sharpens, pins Dean to the booth. “Human?”
Cas squints at him for a few moments, and Dean drinks it up, leans his hip on the counter and crosses his arms to wallow in it. Cas’ eyes cut away. “You’re going to need more than one. They have a—social nature.”
Ah, who fucking cares. He loses the thought along with the rest of himself in just a few more moments.
“Bullshit she does, she’s cheerleading in front of a juvie,” Dean says, thumbing his phone open.
“I think,” Cas says, pulling his phone from his back pocket, “they’re getting along quite well, actually. She seems to like the, ah,” he hands it to Dean, opened to a picture, “I believe you’d call it ‘hero worship.’”
With that, the angel seems to have liquified both of their spines, as the hand slips away from his mouth and all Dean can think of to say is, “Cas, Cas, Cas,
“Sure, I mean,” Dean says, flexing his tired jaw a little, all for show. “I thought, he’s an angel, they’re selfish bastards, like, genetically, it’ll be a minute or two. But I’m a hot piece of ass, so. Figured you couldn’t resist much longer than that.”
“At least we don’t have to deal with both at the same time. Thanks for that, I guess,” he says, and makes good on his promise of several minutes ago, standing from his chair. “How long do you need?”
He watches, head tilted, and eyes squinted up against the light until Dean’s powerless not to shuffle over and sit beside him. Cas’ eyes follow him all the while.
“No,” he says as they both stare at his spread fingers on the tan skin of Cas’ forearm. “Give it a second. I know Sam, he’ll be in the shower in a minute.”
“Hey,” he says, hands on the doorway as he leans on the kitchen doorway.
Dean clears his throat. “Alright, a little grim for the barbecue place there, Cas, lighten up,” he says, despite the truth that rings in Cas’ words. “It was—you were human, for starters.”
Dean had been so far gone that the sudden materialization of the strange, timeless kid in front of him had barely made him blink. “Aren’t you supposed to be, I don’t know, being God somewhere?”
can always move out,” Dean says, hand on his chest. “Just get in Baby and cruise, crawl that open road with no destination in mind. Wind in my hair, gas in the tank.”
It should have fixed everything. Dean’s really, really angry that it didn’t fix everything.
“Very impressive,” Cas says from behind him, “for someone who hasn’t seen you bruise a dozen perfectly good peaches the same way.”
Dean blinks, then laughs. “Yeah, I—wait, c’mere first.” He grabs hold of Cas’ t-shirt—why is he still wearing a t-shirt?—and hauls him down into a kiss. There’s something about it, the scratchy voice of an ex-angel swirling around Dean in his bed and asking about goddamn lube, that makes him feel like he might start billowing clouds of sulphur smoke even sans possession. He opens his mouth to Cas’, wonders if he can taste the hellfire burn.
“Uh huh.”
“I mean, not with me.”
“Yeah, I’m sure that came up,” Dean says, but he’s smiling. “Sounds like a hell of a trip.”
“Hey, he’s really happy, you know that?” Dean says. “I mean just—off the wall thrilled. Cas, you raised a kid who gave up being
“Fine, so we’ll get a few,” Dean says.
“Hilarious.” Sam looks at him. “You know you could, though, right? If you wanted? We’ve definitely earned at least that.”
“To figure this out. I’m heading to Eileen’s; how long do you need?”
Dean raises an eyebrow. “For what?”
-immediately in danger?”
Dean laughs; how can he not?
animal
Cas’ squint has tilted over into something that nearly looks like disgust. “I don’t—”
Surely nothing will be accomplished if he stands the night here in the paper shell of this room, but he can feel the ache of power ebbing underneath his skin and—Dean himself is the strangest sort of comfort. He may not know it, may even scoff at the idea, but he sits with a sort of stalwart solidity that Castiel can’t find any place elsewhere, even for all his searching. He wants—as he’s learning how to—to stay, lean for a moment on this human knot of contradictions, to perhaps spend another night of his questionably infinite life in righteous debauchery.
“I was jealous,” Cas says simply. “I was in awe of it, humanity, and the way you—you, specifically—have of loving, and I couldn’t see it.”
Dean shrugs. Thinks,
It’s—love, this thing he wants, of course it is. What better host for an angel,
“Jack.”
This, strangely, the most reassuring element when Dean’s head gets to racing about the wide, wonderful, fuck awful world Cas is giving up to sleep like a stone on the other half of Dean’s memory foam mattress: he’s been human before, and they’re not exactly strangers to the scramble that comes in the wake of losing and finding each other before, but—this is a new piece completely. It’s incomparable; as much as they’ve held onto each other over the years, Dean’s never quite felt the grip of Cas’ hand as acutely as he does when they—during the—
“No,” says the voice on the other end, because, as Dean’s right-hand lane brain now so helpfully supplies, the caller ID had been flashing a big ol’ all-capitals
“You’re fucking with me,” Sam says, though his tone is flatter than disbelief. He runs a hand through his hair. “No, no, I know you’re not, but—how the hell did I miss this?”
“He’s playing that video game,” Cas says, not looking up. “The one Sam brought up a few weeks ago.”
to bring attention to it. Stellar. “C’mon, coffee’s almost done.”
After a moment, he blinks, finds Cas’ face with his hands.
Sam just holds up his hands in surrender, amusement still playing around his mouth.
“We stopped having sex.”
He brushes through the door to the sanctity of a warm, lonesome shower. It’s good, it’s necessary, to regroup, reframe. He’s just fucked his best friend—again—and it’s all normal, it’s all fine. Nothing has to change. He scrubs his chest with absent-minded vigor until the water starts to go a little cold.
Cas makes a noise, painful in its pitch, one that has Dean looping an arm over his shoulders, threading a hand through his hair. God, he’s gotta find a way to get him even closer.
Dean smiles halfway, sloping on his face. “Here’s to the apocalypse.”
Cas is smiling, leaning with his elbows on the green formica of their kitchen counter. “It
The look in Cas’ eyes is unspeakably gentle, the kind you get from too many washes on a t-shirt, the kind that comes from breaking something down. Dean swallows it down and is very, very careful of the living thing in between his fingers.
Dean’s expression cracks open—jaw slacking, eyes half-lidded—oozing apart until all that remains is the bare skeleton of an animal need. He swallows.
They slide into a booth with just enough time until closing that it’s merely inconsiderate rather than outright rude, but their tired-looking waitress still hits them with a decently curled upper lip that doesn’t twitch even in the presence of Dean’s toothiest grin.
“I believe Jack is using the one with the oranges to store his rocks,” Cas says, so serious Dean wants to smile—he does. “The strawberry and melon ones, however, are fair game.”
. The kind of good that belongs to sleeping past ten am, to spending an extra few dollars on something all to himself, to looking up to find an angel of the Lord standing over him when they both knew he’s got much better things to do—that same kind of good that’s had Dean feeling guilty all his life for feeling.
“Relax.”
God, does he feel sick, feels the kind of dragging dread that follows him around for days until he can get it to blend into the low-grade, background misery that beats with his heart. He’s sick, with the feeling and in the head; he should be happy Cas’ stood up against him, unhitched himself from Dean Winchester’s runaway train, he should be relieved at least somebody’s got an eye on the horizon.
“And what do you want me to do? For you, what can I give you?” It’s very important, suddenly, that he bestow Dean with something equal, something that he wants as much as Castiel finds himself wrapped up in desire over this. In this moment, if Dean Winchester requests the salvation of earth, Castiel will defy the laws of creation itself to deliver it to him upon a silver platter.
“Yeah, whatever, cue it up,” Dean says, tilting the laptop in his direction. “Besides, I kinda wanna see what that redhead kid gets up to.”
“Dean,” Sam says. “And don’t make fun of me for this—”
It hangs above his head like some haunted ass sword, that knowledge that between one night and the next, Cas could, will find some new cause to fight for, something that will take him far away from this cold underground pit and the sad sack who haunts it.
“Smartass.”
a lesbian,” Dean says, pointing a finger in Cas’ direction. “There is absolutely no way in the hell that
“What, some damsel in distress?” Dean says, confused. “I think we got enough on our plate right now without, don’t you?”
“Ha, perfect, got a little Wednesday Addams right here. Uh.” Dean thinks for a second. “Deadly sins.”
The waitress returns, unburdening herself of their plates in a haste that leaves Dean a little worried about their structural integrity. “Can I get anything else for you guys?”
“You call me Castiel.”
It’s dumb, of course it is, the guy’s got the beginnings of a whole ass garden up there, of course that’s where he’d be for a decent amount of time. Watering, holding bees in his bare hands, whatever else the weirdo thinks constitutes as gardening.
“I know.”
“We’re
“I am an angel,” Castiel says. It’s always best to begin with the objective. “And yet I, I’ve never—how can I return the favor?”
“Without me,” Cas says. “How would you—what would you—without me?”
“So,” Sam says, smashing through ice he might not even know is there—with Sam, there’s always a good 50/50 chance he has absolutely no idea about the tension he’s just stumbled into. Younger siblings, Dean guesses. “You see they’re advertising for chicks out at that Orscheln’s in Smith Center? Like five bucks a pop.”
“Okay, I don’t know much, but that?” Dean points towards the offending wall. “That’s not playing—Jack is
“Don’t worry about it, man, I’ve still got a few more salt and burns left in me. I’m not giving up the, ha, ghost, anytime soon.”
“Well, sure,” he says, chewing, swallowing. Continuing the human experiment. “Maybe that’s why.”
“Dean.”
Turns out, chicken coops aren’t all that complicated. It helps that there are about four hundred different plans online—he looks at one shaped like a UFO for a long time before finally clicking away—but hey, Dean would have figured it out eventually.
Castiel considers him for a moment, each of his tired lines. For all that hope hinges on the man in front of him, he is hesitant to speak, to add more to the burden. But what use is an angel in the waiting game? He must find his own purpose now, no matter how futile.
He hums, the feeling of Cas in his mouth sending something shooting down his own body, something that ends right at his dick. God, it’s good. Why the hell did they only start doing this recently?
He spends the rest of the day elbow deep in Baby’s engine.
“Do you not—”
Dean shrugs. “We could find one, I’m sure. Internet’s a big and scary place.”
Cas cracks one eye open, makes a low noise, derisive. “Pass.”
Goddammit.
“C’mon,” Dean says, quiet now that he’s able to be. “C’mon Cas. You were so fuckin’ good, you always are.”
“Hello, Dean.”
. I could tell it was going to be good, c’mon, tell me.”
Pressing in closer, Dean opens his own smiling mouth and does so anyway.
Cas smiles back in turn. “No,” he says. “I was not.”
Dean huffs, remembering stale motel ventilation against the sticky weight of the world in the air. Remembering the arm of God shaking apart underneath his own hungry mouth. It’s something he returns to, not often, but enough that the lines of the heady, drunken feeling of it all, the familiar lonesomeness of sitting alone after the fact are worn deep in his mind.
Sam laughs, tired but genuine. “Whatever, man, as long as it’s not world-ending, I guess you can take your time,” he says, making as if to get up. “I’ll just—”
“Hey there,” Dean says, once the fire—apparently contagious—burns out a little from underneath both of their skin. “I wasn’t exactly goin’ anywhere.”
“Feeling hold-y today, are we,” Dean says, as if he hadn’t minutes ago grasped the back of Cas’ neck like it would save him.
you to have it. And I—I want to have it too.” Cas’ smile was wide enough to span any sort of divide that’d ever sprung up between them; Dean didn’t have to flounder for even a second wondering if there was some fatal misinterpretation afoot. “I can’t believe you fucking
Cas smiles with no shortage of suspicion. “Anything.”
“No,” Cas says, pushing him ever so gently back down with only the weight of his hand. “No, nothing like that. I was merely referencing what I said before.”
“Nothing, just didn’t want to trigger some sort of,” here is where he’d gesture if his arm wasn’t being held so carefully still, “latent angel training and get my arm twisted six ways from Sunday.” He yawns, tremendous. “You know.”
Except.
“Yes,” Cas says. “Yes.”
“How was it?”
Cas hums, neither downtrending nor hopeful but somewhere between. Open to interpretation, maybe, the kind with scribbly annotations and open Wikipedia tabs. The kind that’s hard, sure, but reveals something you’ve long been searching for, connects some swarm of unseen dots.
“Good. Uh. Good.” He looks back down at the bird in his hands. Worth two in the bush, or something. “She got a name?”
There was something in Cas’ face that Dean had never seen in anyone else, a kind of sweet knowledge, a kind of holding that happened even without the laying on of hands. Maybe it was the kind of expression you could only form after making the switch from angel to human and back again like some flickering lightbulb; maybe it was just the natural chemical reaction of their two met gazes.
Castiel wavers.
“Dude.”
Dean waits for it, sets the cast iron by the sink, and waits for it.
Cas smiles, raps his knuckles soft against the counter. “It’s a choice,” he says. “Like everything else.”
talking.”
Sure, that’s a good enough topic to latch onto like a lifeboat. Why not. “Like we’ll ever get one of those.”
He’s glad they understand each other now, glad he doesn’t have to search for some broken word living in his own throat to prompt him forward.
“Yeah, well.” Discomfort creeps into Dean’s face between one beat and the next. “Don’t go around telling anybody.”
Dean pulls off to look up through his eyelashes at Cas, leaning back against the cool black metal of his baby. He can’t quite make eye contact, what with how Cas’ head is tilted back, which is a shame. He knows how he looks like this, wearing one of his tighter black t-shirts, lips swollen, eyes dark. He wants to see something like it reflected in Cas’ face; he wants to know his own desperation.
“The rib, from Adam.” Cas looks at the portion of meat in his hands like it’s something more than the cheapest cut the restaurant could get away with serving smeared in a sauce that’s made by the bucket. Dean thinks he can relate a little. “An interesting choice.”
“Five minutes ago, you didn’t know shit! Okay? Don’t get all,” he gestures in Sam’s direction, “with me.”
“What are you doing?”
Dean smiles, hidden in the bend of Cas’ neck. “You smug son of a bitch,” he says. “You know the answer to that.”
text, I don’t know!”
“Oh.”
“Then don’t.” Dean holds Cas’ hand to his own chest like it’ll keep the whole man there. “Don’t, just do whatever you want to me, please.”
Cas blinks again, but this one is familiar. This one says,
Dean waits, nods as if to say
Cas looks at him for a silver moment, hard and unbreathable, and then nods slowly. “I’ll meet you in your room.”
Cas looks at him sideways. “Of course. As long as you’ll have me.”
“Mm,” Cas hums, nodding ever so slightly. “I suppose I yield to your expertise.”
“Do you have any other questions?”
It’s a little harder to ignore when the catalyst is in the room.
He clears his throat against it, rolling his shoulders to relax them. “Sure, man, but be warned: I’m not exactly gonna be much for conversation. I think you killed me.”
“Hey, Cas.” It’s a bit of a pointless two syllables; Cas is already looking at him dead-on—seemingly he never stopped. Which is kind of rude, considering Dean’s done the polite thing and given him the seat facing out towards the rest of the restaurant—not that there’s much currently to watch, but still. The principle. “So, I, uh—I saw a lot of fucked up shit in the future.”
, but sometimes an itch had to be scratched and—well, hellhounds on his heels, it all really did come down to, wait, why
Here’s where Dean’s supposed to reassure him, find out what that means—if it does anything besides some kind of angelic dirty talk designed to make Dean’s brain melt out his ear—but, unfortunately, it’s also where Cas shifts to a simply catastrophic angle and keeps at it until Dean can’t think about anything except the feeling of himself dissolving into goo.
in that particular tone of voice. Safe stuff.
Because it’s not a revelation, not something he’s spit out just as he’s thought of it, because Dean has never really worked like that, not about himself. It’s like a mirror, right? You avoid looking entirely or you weaponize it, and everything inside Dean is the same.
Cas smiles in that delicate peach-flesh way of his and slips out the door.
Maybe Cas isn’t the only one who should shut up—what’s Dean even trying to say? The divide between what he knows and doesn’t is seismic—he wants, sure, but hell if he’s gonna pinpoint what; he’s empty, and so, so helpless as to what could possibly fill him up. The only point in which he trusts is the constancy of Cas’ movements, the shudder speed of him.
“Hold her—yeah,” Cas says as Dean brings his little bounty up close and personal to his chest. “Careful, she’s not big enough to fly yet.”
Of course it had. “Not for a second.”
“Tell me.”
“Oh, you know,” Sam says, and if Dean thought the previous smile was nice, it’s nothing compared to the absolute sun show he’s wearing now. Dean makes a preemptive face. “She’s great. I mean,” he snorts a little, “she’s an asshole, but she’s great. You know she’s got half a degree in art history? It was for a cover, apparently, but she’s still got it.”
There’d never been any question about telling the truth.
Cas ducked his head a little closer, an attempt to get in Jack’s nonexistent sight line. “Let it go. You don’t have to wield this power—no one does.”
“Now, though, let me help you.”
Oh, but Dean has missed this. Oh, but how has Dean survived without it. He rasps his hand along the stubble of Cas’ jaw and brings the brushing almost-pain inside himself with joy. He wants Cas to swallow him whole.
“Don’t—don’t apologize.”
“I get it,” Dean interrupts with a wave. “I’ll be there soon, it’s only like a,” he squints one eye, “three-hour drive from here, or something.”
“Sam, holy shit, pump the brakes. I’m not having a crisis.”
He does not open them again before Castiel sweeps sideways from the room like the rain.
There’s a certain point, in Dean’s experience, when making out with Cas switches from good to
Dean makes breakfast Saturday mornings, same as always; Dean leaves yolks bleeding and raw, easy-peasy, normal—shormal. It’s fine. He just doesn’t make eye contact when he’s plating them.
“Bingo, college boy,” Dean says, goes back to staring at the screen. A lady with huge glasses and a cardigan claps her hands as she wins five grand.
“Probably longer than two to three weeks.”
“You,” Castiel says, interrupting yet again. “You are not like any being I’ve ever known.”
“You’re,” Castiel pauses, wanting to trace junction of Dean’s jaw with his fingers. He gives in to it, surprised when Dean lets him. “You are very good at this.”
“Cas,” Dean says, and here it is, the point where everything becomes boneless, where he starts to think fondly back on millions of abuses that were not this singular sort of denial. “Cas, please.”
wasn’t enough. Somebody,” he says, jabbing his finger up towards the ceiling, “is really jonesing to be entertained.”
, but it can’t be. It can’t be, because that would mean prolonging the discussion, opening it up to avenues he knows he won’t survive driving down. Dean grimaces with one eye.
It was like this the first time too, that strange fumbling night a week or so after Cas’ return. It wasn’t even—it was hardly anything, a few hot, open kisses and something that could generously be called a blowjob and there Dean’d been, hot rivulets down his face before he’d even noticed. He’d wiped them away, they’d replaced themselves, and he’d just—given in to the strangest first sex he’s had with anyone in his life.
He said it, just the once, and Dean never did, and if the whole thing doesn’t make him sick to his fucking stomach.
Cas looks at him flat. “Please don’t elaborate.”
He pulls away, taking everything with him.
“Sweet.” And shit, is it nice to see that uncomplicated kind of smile on his brother’s face.
“I should—go to my room.”
There was no answer, but Dean hadn’t expected it to be that easy. “Cas,” he said again, experiencing the strangest sensation, like hearing an echo from another room. “Cas, it’s us, we’re gonna get you out—it’s Dean, man.”
Dean’s front teeth leave divots in his lower lip as he glances away again. “Cas.” It’s low, pleading, but for what? Castiel traces the slow trail of a blush up his throat and he knows.
Cas stands. “I know.”
Cas makes a noise into the private sanctuary of Dean’s neck, and Dean can’t help but echo it, muffled by the loose hand still over his mouth. It’s almost enough, Cas covering him, inside of him, taking him apart. He’s almost forgotten the rawness of having it all torn away.
And, hey, Dean’s not complaining.
There’s a beat of quiet in which Dean strains his aging human ears only for the resounding
The whirling black surface shifted, something like an oily bubble popping. Dean didn’t know whether or not to take that as a good sign; looking to Jack revealed nothing. He sighed.
“Anything,” he says, clean and simple enough to cut through Dean’s abstraction, for why put a limit on damnation? “Anything you want.”
Sam shrugs. “I don’t know,” he says. “Just—normal shit. No apocalypse, no opposite sides, no more of whatever Chuck had cooked up for us each week.”
“Oh no you don’t,” Dean says. “I’m not dealing with freaky cursed poultry, man, I won’t do it.”
“I assure you,” Cas says, smile going a bit quizzical. “It was no hardship. The store’s employees really are very friendly.”
“Oh.”
“I see.”
He’s started to have more luck finding Cas on the roof than anywhere else.
Well, besides the obvious. He can’t think about that.
Sam laughs, just slightly. “I won’t.”
Cas laughs a little, which is never quite the reaction you want during sex, but Cas is real good at not really giving you what you think you want and instead forking over something you never knew could be so good, so Dean lets it slide.
“I don’t want to.” Dean’s voice is small, just big enough to fill the air between them. “I don’t—I never wanted to.”
home, for all the ways it is completely inappropriate for a four-year-old.”
“Dean.” Wobbly, an angel about to careen to earth.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You just like the Luke Perry dad.”
“Then hand the lady over,” Dean says, not even rolling his eyes a little. He holds his hands out, palm up. “C’mon, I’m good for it.”
Cas blinks, bitchy little expression unchanging. “Great.”
It’s a stupid place to do it. Dean knows. He knows, and yet—
“I said I would,” he says over every inch of Dean’s breath fleeing his lungs. “And I will, I will make you feel—you will feel incredible.”
“Chickens can fly?”
If anything, shit’s worse. Hell, Dean’s fought ghosts that were less elusive than Cas now is, slipping from rooms with an ease Dean can’t believe is completely non-paranormal. Even when he does manage to catch him in his sights, Cas doesn’t seem real, or at least, not like he wants to be. He’s an unwilling participant in every bout of eye contact him and Dean have and Dean’s clawing up the walls wondering
The smile that breaks across Dean’s face reminds him of rotten fruit, a split in fragile skin that causes all the liquid insides to come gushing out. He tucks his chin into his chest and tries to direct it all at the chick instead.
“I want to be the one that destroys you first,” Cas says, like he isn’t already knee-deep in doing so. “In only the best possible way, to give you what you want until you’re writhing with it.”
“My kitchen, baby,” Dean says, the endearment soft on his tongue. “My rules.”
“Anything.”
Cas smiles and Dean wants to cringe, a bit, if just for how much it’s undeserved. Apparently, not having an active plan to kill the kid is enough motivation for a no holds barred invitation into their strange little family, and Dean’s the only one with issues about it anymore. Or. Not that Cas might not still have some lingering resentment, but it might kill Dean to find out the fact of it, so he won’t be asking. He swallows the concern all the way down to his stomach before he opens his mouth to speak again.
“To be saved,” Castiel says. Pauses. “To be—kissed.”
Happier occasion, though, and he tries his damndest to let the sun on his shoulders as he takes measurements in the dirt erase and rewrite the associations, until it’s all just work
Dean hums, lets the vibrations fade out of himself gentle and slow. He catalogues it, all of it in his suddenly exhausted mind: the hair on Cas’ arms, the heartbeat at his back, the soft press of his nose into the back of Dean’s neck. He scribbles each sensation down in bright red ink somewhere in his mind. Don’t forget this, it might be all you get, you coward. Do not forget this.
Rather than appease him, Cas’ face twists even more at the words. God, okay. Even his wild play at vulnerability does nothing to reverse this train wreck, it really is going to end.
And finding the first willing stranger to help make that bounty a little less pitiful.
Cas turns a little, tipping his head back, ever upward towards the night sky. “I have matters to attend to.”
“Season,” Cas says like an execution, “eleven.”
The problem is, like it’s always been, in the speaking.
Like,
“But—okay, it is,” he says, sticking up a finger. “But! One, you haven’t seen it, and B, this arc is essential to understanding why Piccolo leaves him at the altar in season eleven—besides the obvious, I mean, there can’t be two Dr. Sexy’s, unless—no,” he shakes his head, “so we’re watching.”
“We’re much too early in the recipe for that,” Cas says, but crosses their tiled floors in his socked feet nonetheless. Dean rests his flexed wrists on Cas’ shoulders, oh-so-careful to avoid any unwanted touch.
The light of his room is softer when he reenters, the overhead shut off to leave only lamplight to guide by. Cas is curled on his side underneath only the top sheet, a parenthesis facing the wrong direction.
“Hey. Cas,” he says, skipping right past the quiet sunlight contemplation crap they usually do; by Cas’ expression, he doesn’t appreciate the omission.
Dean doesn’t quite hear the rest, what with how his head falls forward, filled with the rush of all the angelic voices he’s never been quite able to parse. Or maybe it’s just the blood pounding in his ears.
They’re not quite the right ones, but true enough nonetheless. Castiel itches, flexes his fingers, searches blindly.
“Oh, he’s the one that ended it,” Dean says. “And I—do.”
“It’s just—” The bed shifts and dips as Dean props himself up further to sitting. “Sam doesn’t know about the whole,” he makes some sort of gesture Castiel doesn’t quite understand. Presumably it is lewd. “You know? So, in case this whole shebang don’t end in the next week, I can trust you to keep this quiet, right?”
Like a lock clicking, Dean
Cas looks at him for a moment more, and then turns away. “Never ask me that again.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Have you ever thought about it? Becoming human?”
“Anything, you know that. Anything, Cas.”
“No.” Castiel’s borrowed fingers itch; for what, he does not know. A touch of the divine, some whisper of God that continues to escape him? How will he find it here, stranded on some lone highway offshoot and standing in front of a man made of sweat and blood? “No, I hardly believe you can be blamed for such a thing anymore.”
“Yeah, I’m gonna need to hear you say it.”
“The entirety of pop culture,” Cas says, his head lolled back on the couch and eyes turned upward. “The
“We shouldn’t—”
“Shit, man, it’s bright out here,” Dean says. “You want some sunglasses or something?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, slowly drawing his arm back to his side. “Anytime.”
Cas doesn’t respond; Dean looks up to see his back turned like Dean’d never spoken, oh-so-casually headed for the doorway that leads out of the kitchen and away from this particular line of questioning. Dean grins, jots it down, and then stuffs the list in his pocket to grab Cas by the waist before he can fully escape.
“Because he would—he doesn’t even eat eggs!”
“Okay,” Sam says, laughing a little. “You awake, man?”
Sam’s smile twists, not quite all the way to bitter. “Yeah, well. Maybe I’m starting to.”
Sam does eventually return, but there must be some remnant of those old bullshit premonitions knocking around in that oversized head of his because the son of a bitch manages to pick exactly the least convenient time.
Dean watches his back, the learned hunch of it, and wants to scream. To claw at him, to sink his nails and teeth and self into the meat of his shoulders. He doesn’t. Born a coward, of course he doesn’t. He doesn’t ask why, why now, what went wrong, what has Dean offered up only to be lacking? He doesn’t know if he wants to learn the answers anyhow.
Which is not to say everything’s all apple pie easy now; it’s been an adjustment, but Dean would be long dead if he weren’t adaptable and—it’s not bad, this thing they’re all adjusting to. It’s kind of the opposite.
He—the thing is, he knows. He’s known. It’s hard not to when one of the first skills that proves itself of any value in your stupid miserable life turns out to be lying, looking some teacher in her drawn, concerned face and saying:
“Velma, okay? Velma’s got class, she’s not gonna be hung up on somebody who’s named after the worse barbecue cookout alternative, no way.”
“You’re—the principle of the thing. Shut up.”
Sometimes, though. Sometimes, he wishes there was. He wishes there was the worst thing, hidden somewhere in his chest like a disease, a rotting animal. He wishes he could pick up that glinting blade and deal the final blow, the one that’s made of
“Well, be sure, alright? If customer satisfaction has anything to do with it, you’re not going out of business any time soon.”
“We stopped having sex.” Dean makes sure to be looking squarely at the TV. “So.”
“So I just—” Dean glanced at Jack to see him completely absorbed in his task, eyes open but unseeing, jaw clenched. “Right. I can figure it out.” He cleared his throat, edging ever closer to the vortex that could probably eat him alive, ever closer to the angel inside that would want him moving towards anything but that. “Cas?”
“Okay. Okay. We’re all gonna die,” Dean repeats. His expression twitches, smooths, contorts again; there are things underneath his breastbone that he will not unearth perhaps ever, and certainly not for the factory reject angel now standing in front of him. Castiel watches anyway, rapt, as his eyelids close. “Okay. Then, I—hit me with your best shot, Columbo, I don’t care, can you just—”
I’m not gonna—”
Dean makes a buzzer sound, which in turn makes Cas’ forehead wrinkle further. “No, no, I was kind of prepared for that one, actually,” he says. “No, man, it was
“I, uh, get what you’re saying,” Dean says. “It is nice, to not be arguing with you over something stupid for the entertainment of some asshole’s studio audience.”
Cas doesn’t jolt, but his expression slips a little, betraying in its downward lines the desire to be anywhere but in another person’s company. Yeah, well, tough. Dean was out here first.
Cas hums a little. “They’ll be ready to move outside in two or three weeks.”
Dean blinks at him. “Right. You meant the royal I’ll.”
“Not at the moment.”
Dean blinks. Tries to make it anger.
Even as he says it, he can see it for the selfish bullshit it is. Alright, sure, if alright is letting yourself get yanked around by a guy who’s made too many mistakes to ever earn it, a guy who’s lost the piece himself that even allowed him to feel that much shame about doing so. The guy who, after all these weeks and months, has still got the echo of your
“You got carrots out here somewhere? We could pickle those, too,” Dean says. What is he talking about. Whatever. “Hell, you can pickle anything, beets, onions, eggs—don’t start.”
“Sure, let me grab my old soc 101 textbook and see how to deal with this one,” Sam says, shakes his head. “Alright, so you—broke up.”
Cas’d said he lost his grace during the Empty’s mass exodus, but Dean still thinks that’s a little bit of a lie if only for the way his fingers grip Dean’s arms like he’s two seconds away from lifting him off the ground and slam-spinning him onto the bed in some kind of post-angelic WWE move.
yeah,” Dean says, overtaken by the buzzy feeling of adrenaline that hasn’t really left his bloodstream for the past days—hours—who’s counting? “You won’t regret this. Now, see if you can drop us—I think it was somewhere around 31st?”
“Yes?”
Castiel frowns, unseen. “What do you want? From me,” he clarifies.
slow,” he says, and Castiel hears a note in his voice he recognizes from long, fruitless searches in the desert. They are both lost here, stranded on an island bathed in bare motel fluorescents.
Cas pulls away and Dean knows what’s coming, drops his mouth open for it. Sure enough, Cas presses his thumb to Dean’s lax bottom lip, pushes forward; Dean lets him, folds his tongue around it. Cas watches, Dean watches him, clamps his teeth just gently to see the way Cas’ own mouth goes slack.
And then he’s got a lapful of Cas.
rolling his eyes. “You know, I’ve had no complaints thus far from the Toyota.”
Cas runs a hand over his mouth and Dean’s whole body flashes red. “I think I’m alright.”
“I,” Cas’ brows are furrowed. “I suppose.”
“I’m glad you told me,” he says again, and Dean rolls his eyes, again. “I am. I know you’re never gonna tell me all of it, but—I’m glad I get to know who the hell my big brother is.”
It feels a little rotten, cornering Cas in the space Dean knows is something like an escape for the world’s most wingless angel but—he’s gotta. He’s going crazy.
“C’mon, like that’s outside your MO,” Dean says, hiding the shaking feeling behind a smile. “You’re leaving now, right?”
“A coop?” And it’s not Dean’s exact choice of first words Cas’ spoken to him in days, but he’ll take it.
“No, and the object I’m thinking of isn’t an animal,” Dean says, rolling his eyes. “Enough with the twenty questions, dude.”
purchase the brand you did last time, I—”
“Please,” Dean says again, the millionth time, not quite enough. It’s all he has left to say.
“You’re lucky I’m already in the kitchen,” Dean says, heaving to his feet. He clamps his phone between cheek and shoulder as he looks. “We got four more of these guys, it looks like, so grab a twelver. Hey,” he keeps his tone light, conversational, “you ever notice how much
Castiel hums, something he hadn’t quite been aware he was capable of until this moment. “I’m not entirely sure what it is I’m learning.”
“It’s a little complicated,” Jack said like an apology. “But I can do it, I just need you to—well, I need someone to call him.”
“Because if you can’t,” Dean says, and it doesn’t make sense, not at all, but he can
The kind of thing that would make Sam’s nose scrunch as he put on a two for one combo smile-grimace, would make him say
“You did nothing of the sort, Dean Winchester,” Cas says, falsely tart. He turns, slowly, carefully, until they’re facing each other, close enough that Dean is satisfied.
“I’ve met God,” Dean says. “I’m allowed to have a fucked-up view of the world—hell, if anything, it’s everybody
“I’m—processing. Okay,” Sam says, staring down at the carpet. “I feel like I should be both less and more surprised. One more time,” he looks up at Dean with one eye squinted, “you’re serious?”
He doesn’t know what to do with himself.
Leaving.
“So, yeah,” Dean leans forward on his knees, stupid sort of smile on his face. He’s earned it; he really hasn’t. “You got any advice for that?”
“I want,” Cas doesn’t look up at him, just keeps the pace as Dean braces himself for whatever insane shit Cas’ decided to liquify him with now. “I want to remake you—again. To see you, like that, to know—I’m the only one who can put you right again.”
“Sure, we all do, but—I just got back from the apocalypse, man, I could stand to be around a friendly face for a minute.” Dean waits, faltering in the monolith stillness of Cas’ expression. “Never mind, it’s fine, just drop me near—”
everything you said back there about just saying it being enough, but I—”
“How much do I like it?” Dean nods. “Enough to—” He cuts himself off with an inhale.
Inch by inch, Cas appeared, hand, wrist, and finally arm, clad in the very same trenchcoat he’d worn an age ago when their positions were reversed. Dean clasped his other hand tight around Cas’ shoulder and hauled him the rest of the way into the light.
Dean shrugs. “Away team disadvantage, or whatever,” he says. “You caught on pretty quick once we started,” he swaggers his hips a little, for show, for fun, “knockin’ boots.”
Dean, with the burn of Cas’ stubble still alive under his skin, doesn’t blink as he taps the bottles together.
Cas looks up, and Dean wants to read the same kind of crazy hunger sitting in his own bones in his expression too. “Yes?”
“I suppose,” Cas says, words shifting deep and slow like stones under the earth. He is an ancient being; Dean is drawn up short. “I suppose I could spare a few hours.”
“What?”
And he does, open and warm between Dean’s arms. He can feel the trace tension of a smile in Cas’ mouth as he kisses it, and—it’s strange, but he can feel something else too. Hidden somewhere in the swell of Cas’ bottom lip is a revelation that stings with satisfaction. Dean can practically hear his voice: Castiel, no longer the angel of any kind of lord, does not regret in the slightest shedding the feathers of those heavy and tiresome wings for the bounties of earth—kitchen knives, used cars, Dean—and he does not need to be thanked for it.
thanks for reading! Guys if there was a way to go back in time to when I didn’t spend multiple hours a day watching/reading/thinking about this show at the detriment to my other activities, idk if I would even take it this is a hell of a lot of fun. glad to have participated in the big 100k milestone congratulations to everyone and the next chapter of this should be up in like a month? We’ll see
And then he’s gone.
Dean laughs. It feels—really nice.
“Whoa, okay, what’d I—”
Dean nearly melts into the bed. “Sure, man,” he says around the laugh in his mouth. “I have absolutely no idea what that could possibly mean, but—whatever you want to do.”
Dean casts about the room, looking to banish the wrong feeling in his stomach at the prospect of staying, the worse one at that of going. “Cas?”
“Yes,” Cas says, narrow point focus entirely beaming down upon Dean’s pathetic sore spot of a soul. “Yes. Dean.”
Dean’s eyes cut back to him quick. “What?”
Sam rolls his eyes, tosses up the white flag of his hands.
“Were you,” Cas says, toying his hand underneath Dean’s t-shirt, along the waistband of his jeans.
Cas hits him with a dry look, absolutely parched. “I’d forgotten the age-old question,” he says. “Which came first, the angel or the Chevrolet automobile company.”
,” Dean says. “Wait, is it—it’s not some lesbian thing, is it?”
Dean snorts. “Good as—thanks for that, by the way, real bucket of ice water.”
Like peeling back the thin, outermost layer of an onion, Jack made a downward motion with his hand and there it was, the swirling dark mass of it. Dean blinked, trying to tamp down on the urge to step between it and Jack and push them both back a few steps.
anything you could possibly compare it to, I—” Cas shakes his head, reassaults Dean’s half-open mouth. It’s alright. Of course it is. Dean’s got a hand or two in trying not to express that which shouldn’t be said. Which can’t be. He drops the subject and shrugs his way back into the same kind of kiss he never really thought was real; it’s the kind an action hero gives his batting-eyed heroine, the one whose chest’s been heaving to and fro for the past hour and forty-five minutes, the gal who looks like she’d sell the whole operation for a good fifteen minutes in a dark room with Johnny Action.
Dean doesn’t notice the movement, the rhythm of his own fingers against Cas shoulder as he comes back down to earth until it’s too late.
“Dean,
“What?”
Dean exhales as noisily as he can through his lips and places the final can of black beans in the cabinet with a thunk. “You
Cas glances over with a soft little smile that basically hogties Dean into smiling back. “Maybe so.”
“Not in your car, of course,” Cas says, and Dean can trace the lines on his face that show all the deliberate ways in which he’s
gesture.
“Dean.”
Dean balks, as much as he’s able. “Are you—‘course I want you, you’re fucking—dude. You think I’d let anyone else?” He ignores the part where he has, kind of. Sure, maybe he’s stumbled through the same approximation of steps with other people, but it feels—with Cas, he hasn’t even learned the words to describe it.
“Hey,” he says, interrupting Dean’s silent enjoyment of Cas’ still scrunched shut eyes—and
“Is that why you were—unbelievable.” The look in Cas’ eye is sad and angry and wounded, but Dean’s the wild animal being backed into a corner. “You’re asking me to leave?”
“Brought you some—because, you know, figured the kitchen thing was a lie.”
“If we’re being honest, Cas,” Dean says instead, “that might be a bit much for me to put into words right now.”
Cas shakes his head, looking almost pained. “I can’t—I want to, I—”
“I’m thirty-seven. Okay. So how did—why
Dean looks at him. Oh, God, he looks at him.
“I know,” comes his weary reply.
It’s immediately obvious he would not be comfortable with the revelation Castiel has just stumbled upon, dark eyes wide in the dim light. It’s equally apparent that he would never ask someone to fulfill this desire—especially not Castiel, who is not the object of such wanting, no more than anyone else this starving man lays eyes upon.
Cas nods, grave, and Dean shoots her a salute, making her roll her eyes as she turns to leave. He resolves to be finished in fifteen.
“I know, I know,” Dean says, cutting him off with a swipe of his hand. He leans in a little closer over the table. “But you wanna know the weirdest goddamn thing about any of it?”
“And there we have the concession. Cas, am I cool to use your truck?” Dean says. “The, like, wood, and all. Y’know.”
Castiel has stood stalwart against much, much worse.
There’s a pause. “Alright.”
Dean laughs, full of food and drink and night air. “Couldn’t have said it better myself.”
Past Dean’s loss.
“Yeah, yeah.” It’s real easy, easy as anything, to sway in, to lay one, two, three kisses on Cas’ mouth, to pull away and smile. “You wanna grab those reusable bags Sam passive aggressively got us?”
“Sometimes,” Cas says, smiling. “Other times,” he stops where his hand has been trailing along a vine, twists a small cucumber free, and takes a bite into its green flesh, dirt and everything, “I really don’t.”
“It’s going to feel good, Dean.” Cas’ voice scrapes deep along some ocean ravine as he yanks Dean’s boxers to his knees then off completely. “I’m going to make you feel—so good.”
Dean shrugs. “Well, if you can’t say it, you shouldn’t be doing it, isn’t that how it goes? And you can’t, so.”
“So,” Dean says, after another few endless moments. “What’d you think? Better or worse than that whorehouse?” His voice is very gentle around the crudeness of his words.
before we knew her name—these are all fine, but Hot Dog Water is a bridge too far?”
He can feel the rumble of Cas’ voice before he hears the words. “Hello, Dean.”
Yes, like he doesn’t hear it still in the squeak of the mattress, the shudder of the ancient air conditioning vents.
“What, would you have rather it been, like, his kidney?” Dean pauses a moment to think of other organs. “His schlong?”
“Taking time off? Like what we’re doing now?”
“Just—trust me, you’ll like it better,” Dean says, voice murmured as he sways forward once more. “Ain’t got many complaints before.”
“You,” Sam stops, draws a hand up over his eyes. “Goddammit, Dean.”
He’s not, though, he’s sure of it, here shuddering apart under Cas’ hands.
All things considered, it’s not a particularly arduous task. All things considered, it shouldn’t be a blip on the radar.
Cas eyes him. “They’re all female.”
Dean must know the word about to fall out of his mouth, he must, for he twists his own with an urgency bordering on madness and sends Castiel careening off some unseen edge.
There might be a response, there might not be; Dean is lost to quiet unconsciousness.
“Hey there,” he says, shrugging on a friendly cadence; she blinks slowly, unimpressed. “Two of whatever’s on tap and the same of your sloppiest ribs.” He glances to Cas, who is barely paying the waitress any mind, and back. “Please?”
“I hadn’t fuckin’ noticed,” Dean says, and sighs. “What’s there to ask? He’s pissed. He should be.”
“Yeah, but,” Dean flounders. “You said you you wanted space, right? How long?”
It’s easy, too much so, to sink into it, the heat and noise and need of it, easier still because it seems Dean is—enjoying it. Or, at the very least, just incredibly, needlessly skilled.
“This is not to discourage you from texting Jack,” Cas says, eyes drenched in the heaviest sincerity Dean has ever been on the receiving end of. “I would very much like you to do that.”
“You were—very adept,” Castiel says, knowing the words are wrong as he reaches for them. “Faultless.”
Dean raises his eyebrows but smiles all the same. “Cas, you’re one hell of a dude, but you’ve got the worst taste of anyone I’ve ever met.”
Dean’s gasps peak, break off with a sob-like noise and then—the weight of him is gone, rolling off and away to rest somewhere beside him on the bed.
He tries to compare it, admitting the first thing to Sam versus admitting this and—maybe it’s like the kind of thing Cas’ll talk about if you catch him on a sunny evening with a couple beers in his system. Maybe it’s something non-linear, all this admitting, and maybe it can’t really be compared. Maybe he’s just baring enough to finally show a part of the shape of himself. Maybe it’s the pain of growth. Maybe he wants to peel back more and feel that too.
“Maybe this is how I want you.” Cas speaks from the crook of Dean’s own neck and he feels the vibrations shudder through him, multiply. “Maybe I’ll keep you here.”
“No, I don’t,” he says, and perhaps Dean is lost after all. “But it did.”
“Ah, you must be wondering at the implications of this new character in relation to Betty’s hallucination.” Cas tilts his head. “Though I suppose we don’t know if it
The photo is at a terrific angle, if the word terrific were redefined to mean that which is directly under Jack’s chin, but it’s a good one: Jack, grinning big as anything, Claire rolling her eyes with the certain kind of half-amusement, half-annoyance that comes with getting your picture sniped from the passenger seat.
There’s something strange about ending the night beside his car, something that has him itching to fall into the rhythm of what this almost is. Because, of course, dinner, an escort, Dean’s beginning to feel like he should have bought a corsage. Cas doesn’t exactly help, what with the staring, but on the other hand it’s—Cas. The most routine of hunts, road trips, whatever, get turned on their head when he enters the scene, sparks flying. Maybe it’s the grace, too nebulous and large to be contained in one small human body, diffusing into the air around them to make everything feel strange and new and somehow profound. Maybe it’s just the knowledge Dean’s the only man alive who’s ever seen an angel eat some Kansas City ribs.
It doesn’t hit all the way home until he’s got a palm planted hard on Cas’ chest and an adrenaline spike in his blood that’s probably not good for his heart, until the sound of Sam coming down the hall towards the kitchen—the
“Dean, we got back from dealing with that ghost like a week ago.” At Dean’s blank expression, Sam sighs. “The—you know, the one with the,” he gestures, “hair.”
“Same ol’, same ol’,” he says. “Cas wants us to get chickens.”
“What else you—ah—what else you want, Cas?”
“Shit.” Dean pulls away to look a dark-mouthed Cas in the eye as the tremor of the bunker’s door finishes echoing through the walls of his room. He blinks, stares again, gets a little caught in it, because, because—
“Yeah, I’m not saying that—he was obsessed with getting carrot-top out of his girlfriend’s dad’s mob scheme or whatever, and now he’s just gonna let him rot in jail?”
A third thump echoes through the kitchen wall and Dean, seated at the table, sighs. “You know,” he says to Cas, who’s squinting at the contents of their fridge. “When you pitched suburbia, I didn’t think the thing I’d miss most about the bunker was the soundproofing.”
Cas looks at him, just gazing, for a period that might make Dean uncomfortable if it wasn’t the basis of about 95% of their relationship. “I miss him.”
There’s a part of Castiel that wishes to remain like this, watching the line of Dean’s shoulders shift in amusement without the weight of the world leaving them downturned, but another, truer part burns in his throat like the thirst he will never understand. How simple, these actions he wishes so heartily to resume, how deceptively so; Castiel is struck by the disproportionate weight of his wanting.
“Yes?”
angel, than a man who has emptied himself from the inside out with craving such a thing?
“Then what’s the rush, sweetheart?”
Cas looks at him hard. “We’re not watching both episodes.”
“That’s not…how it works,” Cas says, squinting.
He’s given, given, given and—yet. And yet, he wants. He wants, he wants like a cloud of smoke, like something unformed and only visible to make everything else blurry, only breathable to choke everything else out. He gasps it in and tries again and again to hate the formless shape, lest he learns to love it.
“I’ll be sure to tell Jack you think so.”
Castiel can’t argue with such efficiency, but the place in his body where a craving for red meat had lived is not empty—or rather, it still is, for he can’t shake the feeling of dissatisfaction settling deep into his borrowed bones. Perhaps this is just existence for an angel who has decided against heaven, doomed to become only one hunger replacing another until he is consumed himself. Perhaps that’s why he’s still drawn here, to Dean, to the last remaining deed he did with certainty, so much so that he’d stamped it with a red seal.
“Sure,” Dean says. “No problem.”
“I want,” Dean says. He’s learned by now to not repeat the question, not to turn it back on Cas. “I want you to—you could fuck me.”
It helps, a little, that they’re all on the same playing field now, more or less. When Jack had sloughed off the weight of heavenly responsibility, he’d removed something else as well. At first, Dean’d thought it was just the relief, but within an hour it was apparent that Jack’d actually been losing years before their eyes, stopping with a screech somewhere around a healthy twelve years old.
Sam just whistles as he walks down the hall.
By the time he regrows stones enough to exist in the same room as Cas again, Dean has gone completely crazy. Maybe it’s the shitty sleep, maybe it’s the way he can’t stop looking at Cas’ empty chair when he watches TV alone, but if Dean doesn’t get to touch him in the next few hours, he’s going to die. He’s going to boil out of his skin and die.
“We don’t have to talk about it,” Cas says, with the kind of expression that says
By, and by, and there’s nothing much to write home about—Sam watches a documentary on Scientology and it’s all he wants to talk about, they nab a shifter out near Lee’s Summit, Dean stumbles onto a recipe blog with those handy little go-along videos that he’s thinking about utilizing. It’s all standard.
“Hey.”
“Cas, buddy,” he says. “You deserve more than that.”
“Dude,
Cas shakes his head. “A thousand times.”
“I don’t
“And I’m not?” Cas looks away, looks angry. They’re standing so close. “I know. I know, but don’t you think what got us where we are now is how hard you were
When they finally do settle into bed, overhead off, lamp on, Dean finds himself crowded against, held tightly against Cas’ chest. He can’t see his face, but the warm solidity at his back allows for little argument. Dean settles in with a sigh.
He’s fucked up. He knows he’s fucked up.
“Why the hell were you in an Orscheln’s?”
He’s halfway through the first rib—the sauce is sweet; he’d bet any car that wasn’t his own that there’s molasses somewhere in the bottle—when he looks up to see Cas with arms still hanging at his sides. Dean sighs, leans over the table on his elbows.
“Actually, I’ve changed my mind.”
“Dude, you’re such an asshole.” But he’s smiling.
And with that, the finger that’s thus far been politely circling his asshole makes itself well at home within. Dean inhales—not a gasp, no surprise, because he knows the direction from here. They’ve stepped it out, fewer times than Dean would expect to be this comfortable with it, but enough that he knows just how good it’s about to get.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Where exactly do you draw the line? Castiel, Metatron, and I believe we called Amara the
“And what if it does?”
The smile doesn’t change. “Thank you.”
Dean exhales, long and heavy. “No, man.”
“I’m right here, buddy. Let go.”
. “True, but either way, it’s my experience,” he says, “that you don’t really get much of a choice where that’s concerned.”
It doesn’t come.
Dean looks almost perplexed, but shakes his head, laughs. “Okay, man. Whatever you say.”
“Dean,” he says again, with a different note in his voice, one that must be audible for the way Dean looks up through his lashes and pulls off. “Dean.”
“Yes, Dean.”
“You wouldn’t have to,” Dean says. “Plenty of other people out there to get to know in your, ah, limited time.”
Cas sighs, crackling in his ear. “You’ve said as much.”
He hears the bunker’s door shudder closed again. Right.
“Still?” Sam raises his eyebrows, tilts his head. “Y’know, we would save on eggs.”
Dean looks up, surprised. “Oh.”
This, now, whatever someone might call what they’re currently doing. Sex, pretty much, but charged with something that Dean—has actually felt in the air before, yeah, but certainly never while dicks were out.
“Let the man do what he wants, Sam,” Dean says.
The abject shock in Sam’s voice is enough to get Dean looking up into his face, and the deer in the headlights expression waiting there is almost stupid-looking enough for a smile. Not quite, but.
It reaches a fever pitch fairly quickly. It always does.
“Warn a guy,” Dean says at last. His voice has gone through some chemical change, and Castiel wonders if he will ever hear it the same way again.
“So I won’t use ‘em,” Dean says, rolling his eyes and holding up the offending appendages in surrender. “Get over here and gimme some sugar.”
Castiel, propped unsteadily on an elbow, tilts his head; the easy, interruptible back and forth they’ve achieved now is the best and only example of such communication Castiel’s had with humanity. He would mourn its loss. “No,” he says, a question. “I don’t.”
“I wanted to,” Cas says, simple as anything, and y’know what? That’s a fine enough reason. There ain’t much about sex that’s not wrapped up in some kind of want; it’s the name of the game if you’re playing the right one. Dean’s just here to—well. To make sure Cas never has a want he can’t find the answer to, right here, at home.
Dean holds his gaze for a second before dropping it. “Yeah. I do.”
“I will admit,” he says, slowly. “Cut loose from heaven’s command, I,” Castiel spreads his hands. “There do seem to be too many hours in the day.”
It was difficult, at the moment, for Dean to give anything but Cas the time of day, but the corner of his eye still managed to pick up tendrils of black waving in a non-existent wind, whatever membrane that’d been pulled away to reveal them remaining so.
Castiel blinks his eyes open again to find Dean there, still impossibly, miraculously close. Close enough to read the look in his eyes, if Castiel could understand a word of it.
Whatever kind of damage you have to accrue to be imagining the rustle of sheets to be human words and emotion, well, Dean’s sure to have picked it up somewhere. Exact location doesn’t really matter, because the real problem is that it’s been this long, and now he knows: he’s never gonna hear the words actually spoken again.
“No?”
Sam’s mouth grows pensive. “Do you ever think about that?”
Dean can’t see it, but the world’s gentlest, most human smile is there in Cas’ voice. “I love you for it too.” He’s a lot better at it, but hey, he’d gotten a head start.
There’s a miscommunication there that Dean should dirty his hands to try and correct, but he can’t quite diagram where the conversation will go from there and he’s so, so tired of fighting.
“I ain’t just a pretty face.”
“Jack,” Cas said, and Dean could see that with every utterance of his name, the kid fell more and more into himself, closer to looking at them straight. “There is so much more to being alive than you’d ever know if you don’t release yourself.”
“Hey, uh, thanks for sticking around,” he says, but the words dry up in his mouth when he swings his head back to see the empty air that now fills the vacuum the angel Castiel has left behind. Dean stares for a moment, then huffs out a laugh, tilting his head up towards the dark sky where he can only imagine the molecules of the man who’d just stood before him are now zipping around. At least, Dean figures over the unsatisfied ache in his gut, he’d gotten to hitch a ride back to Baby.
Cas exhales something dangerously close to a sob and does.
Cas glares up at him. “It wouldn’t be an issue if you didn’t insist the temperature you do.”
It’s a play, he knows it is, but it’s one that—thank God—
hey there thanks for reading! I’m committing the cardinal sin of changing the chapter count im sorry my pacing was off and this has been sitting half finished in my documents for so long I want it out I want it gone but I’ll be back in like a month with more bullshit don’t worry! As always any comments or kudos are much much appreciated thank you sm!!
“Am I?” Cas says, level and low. “I don’t want to intrude.”
“Sam’s a goddamn neutral party,” Dean says, rather than admit he’s probably right. “Sam’s Switzerland, don’t bring him into this.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Sure.”
Cas shrugs. “The previous statement still applies.”
“You’re gonna,” Dean stops, changes course. “I’m—glad you’re sticking around until then.”
you.”
Castiel nods, the rosy fingers of dawning understanding peeking over some interior horizon. How human beings keep so much packed inside their limited frames is beyond him, but—maybe not. Maybe he’s touched it now, glanced his fingers against the internal Tower of Babel, spiraling ever upwards, not towards God but something perhaps more infinite. The larger vastness of human love, boundless between its beginning and end.
“No,” Dean agrees, closing his eyes. If he’s lucky—which, with Cas lying next to him, he is more often than not—he’ll be drifting off to dreamless sleep any second now. He can only hope the same is true of the guy he’s curled around. “We wouldn’t.”
too early, coming home with a box full of seven fucking baby birds—more than the minimum recommended, which Dean
“Ha. Years?” It’s not a question.
said—”
“And exactly why would I lie?”
? I can’t—I’m not going to do that anymore.”
Too much of the human experience is left blunted by angelic senses—food to molecules, drink to dilutions—and perhaps Castiel has no metric, but he can’t help but feel a certain kind of vindication. He’d been right; Dean Winchester holds divinity between his teeth.
The recipe is routine, full of spice and fat and heat and prominent in their rotation; Dean slices the thin plastic covering the package of chicken thighs with the pointed edge of a knife and begins to cut them to pieces. Uneven thirds one way, thirds the other, then slid into a cool, waiting metal bowl. The knife rests gentle in his hand.
“Good. Because, y’know, if I made it seem like I was angry at you the other day, I’m not.” It’s true. There are much more genuine targets, he knows. “I just—”
“Cas—Cas, touch me, please, I need you to—just
“Awesome,” he says, deep and dark, and fumbles with Castiel’s belt until it’s left hanging at his waist. He has one hand hooked in the waistband underneath when he stops, blinks. “Wait. Hold on—you’re not gonna like,” Dean mimes an explosion with his free hand, “smite me or anything here, are you?”
mind to contain, but it lived in my head. And yet,” he unfolds a hand lazily in Dean’s direction.
The rumble from that same area is immediate. “And what would there be to ‘freak out’ about?” Cas says, wry even as he wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist.
Dean throws out his arms. “Yes, man, how am I the one who’s having less of a time with this? You’re the one who took a college class, like, ever.”
“No one has fled crying,” Castiel says, shifting his gaze up towards the stained popcorn ceiling. “So I must say: much improved.”
Cas’ face clears, becomes something else. “Of course.”
“And messing with magic’s never gone wrong for us before.”
“I—” Cas breaks off, looks at the ceiling. “I can’t think when you’re like this.”
“I did
“That doesn’t—whatever. It’ll take a couple of days, tops.”
Well. Besides a very specific exception.
It’s something, but it lacks the rhythm he wants, the one he’s been listening for. He tries to find it in their breath, anything.
Dean stops, hand still loose around the clammy cardboard carton. Cas isn’t quite looking at him, face still somewhere sleepy and still. Dean waits. Eventually, some goal achieved that perhaps Dean’s just not ever gonna get, Cas withdraws his forces to fold both hands around the mug with a short little hum.
Cas raises and drops his eyebrows to say
Castiel nods, though Dean’s no longer looking at him. How brief it was, that small, sweet interval when he had been.
“You know the answer to that.”
“Right. So.” Because, the thing is, if it took Cas months to say this one grievance, who knows what he’s holding back on past that? It’s Dean’s, awful, awful responsibility to give him the opening now, right? “So. What’s next? You skipping town?”
Dean looks to Sam to share a smile before he’s even fully aware one’s on his face; his brother just rolls his eyes.
So, the garden actually did turn out to be a pretty good spot for this conversation after all, because at least if Dean vomits everywhere, they’ll just have to break out the hose.
It all scratches Castiel in exactly the wrong way. “I’d say that the end of the world is dire enough, yes,” he says, spine straight; his back does not graze the rounded cushion of the armchair.
“We’ll probably need to, anyway, if we wanna see any eggs. Kansas raccoons, I’m telling you.”
“You don’t have to.”
Castiel takes this as a cue and closes his own. It’s easier, with Dean out of view, to let his mouth fall open, and—
“I’m not
Castiel smiles slightly, but does not stop. “I’ve watched humanity, enough of it, through its wars and famines and bounties, and you, Dean Winchester,” he inhales without his own permission, “you are very singular.”
Dean watches him for a moment, then leans back on the same flowered motel bedspread he’d sat upon before the earth shifted on her axis. He closes his eyes, lets the bare amusement playing about his mouth shoulder the full weight of his expression.
He cracks.
“I don’t have a recipe.”
It’s almost there too, in the pattern of his thrusts, nailing Dean to the bed with
“I—okay.”
“I’m trying so hard to find the right thing to say here, and I feel like I’m fucking it up anyway,” Sam says, looking actually pained. Dean tries not to smile. “It…gets—better?”
and then abruptly just looks tired. His entire face dreads what he’s about to say, and Dean’s right there with it.
“Okay,” Dean says, pulling away just enough to skate the heat of his mouth along Castiel’s jaw. “So you’re—you’re a fast fucking learner—good news for us, I guess.” Teeth. Tongue. Teeth again. “God, this is one hell of a job interview.”
“Dean,” Cas said, and Dean would've perhaps been annoyed at the interruption if he wasn’t so completely relieved to hear anything in this particular voice that he couldn’t feel his toes. “You don’t have to.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “But he’s coming back. He loves you too much not to.”
He loses himself for a moment; whatever is spoken in that space is equally beyond his reach. He wonders if he finished voicing it. He hopes so.
Cas looks at him, a thousand things under his expression, all too dulled to read. His eyes go back to his plate. “They’re not,” he says. “Rodents. Raccoons belong to the order Carnivora.”
“The second is a rerun, Dean!”
It’s working. Shut up. It is.
“Okay,” Dean says, then blinks. “Wait, what?”
“Thanks,” Sam says, popping the lid and sliding it into the microwave. “Lamb or beef?”
Dean leans up on an elbow. He’s grinning, a relief to see, fragile as it is. “Hell, Cas, don’t sing my praises too much there, I’ll get a big head.” His eyebrows jump, and he hides a different type of smile in the purse of his mouth. “Well, I guess you already—never mind.”
“Because he would agree with me?”
“Yeah, it’s me. We’ve been—we’ve missed you, man.” He took a breath, remembering that last tortured time he’d looked Cas in the face. “Hey, if you’re not coming out ‘cause you’re afraid it’ll be weird, or whatever, that’s a stupid reason, alright? I’ve done a lot of thinking since you left in the middle of our fucking conversation and you know what? I think I have an answer now.”
He’s clutching Cas’ shoulder. He’s losing his mind.
, and they’d been toeing right along that line when Sam’d decided to good as slam open a vacuum hatch and let space air freeze Dean’s balls off.
“This is my home,” Cas says, and Dean tries not to let the jolt he feels at the words show on his face. “This is
It’s only gotten better since, as they’ve danced through the universally strange act of learning somebody else’s shape; Cas’ iron determination is only matched by Dean’s pliancy.
“Thanks, but I’m good,” Dean says, and it’s true. Weirdly, it’s true. “I’m forty-one, you don’t gotta life coach me.”
He means it; the soul before him is grand, has withheld the most battering of forces, but remains so carefully finite. He will accept what is offered and no more.
Cas picks one up, mirroring Dean, and considers it. “It always did seem like an interesting organ to choose.”
Cas drops his hand and the look in his eyes makes Dean’s stomach begin the slow chemical transformation into lead.
doesn’t know the rules.”
“Okay, now that it’s settled,” Sam says, pushing back from the table to set his bowl and mug by the sink. “I’m heading to Eileen’s. See you in a few.”
“Alright, coast is clear.” He sighs. “Y’know, I’m—” The next word should be
“Right.” Looks like Dean’s gonna have to do everything himself. “You see if that rinky-dink little hardware place was still open while you were up there?”
“Fuck off. Maybe.”
. “Are you expecting his call?”
“You got a house special?”
“Of course.” He’s left empty for a moment, clenches his jaw around it. “Of course, Dean.”
“Good?”
“You—wait, you and—” Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Sam fall back in his chair and make some aborted movements with his pointer finger. “You
, although a lesser man might, but it certainly snaps what’s left of his mind to attention. And sure enough, a paltry few seconds later, Cas is reaching into his boxers to get his hand around Dean’s dick like he owns the thing.
“I believe there’s a term,” Cas says. “Overcompensating, is it?”
“As opposed to taking her home to a cult-owned bunker created to withstand nuclear fallout?”
Unopposed, Cas runs his mouth, though not to say anything, not exactly. It’s all echoes. He hears Cas say his name from somewhere far away, over and over again.
“I suppose…the fact I make it to any sort of future it’s,” he pauses, tilts his head as sardonically as an angel is able, Dean guesses. At least, this particular one. “It’s a strange idea.”
Dean doesn’t have it in him to complain even a little bit, especially after making it through that uncertain place, those raw weeks between Cas’ consumption into the Empty and Jack’s sudden, solemn-eyed reappearance.
Now, Dean half wishes he’d set a kind of precedent, that he’d been able to say something, anything back when things were—lower stakes. Now, he’s not gonna do shit. He knows himself, and it’s all too easy to keep living exactly like this, to kiss Cas deep against his bedroom wall at night, and then give a cordial wave the next morning over coffee, which he can do because Cas has
“Wait, really?” Sam says.
Cas tilts his head like
“Why the hell is this thing off vibrate,” he mutters, looking up to catch the eye of—no one. Right. Cas is shopping, Sam’s on a—oh,
“Yeah,” Dean says, and then snaps back into himself. “I mean—no. Not yet.”
“Grab the rest of the fixin’s, will you? Yogurt’s on the top shelf, and the garlic—” Dean cuts off as he looks over his shoulder to see Cas still leaning on the counter, fixing him with a stare that’s gotta be the deepest, stickiest thing Dean’s ever seen. “What?”
“Can’t argue with that.”
“Laptop?”
“Doesn’t look like more than a salt and burn,” Sam says, waving a hand. “I’ll handle it.”
Cas. Holy
hidden—top shelf.”
After the breakfast that could have gone a whole lot worse, Dean slips out of the room mug in hand.
He looks over to catch Cas’ smile. “I see your point.”
“They’re…vibrating. At certain frequencies.”
As far as things to distract him from the line of potential, heat, human guy curled up next to him go, a soap opera with a cult subplot doesn’t actually do a half-bad job.
Sometimes, Dean wonders at the work it must have taken to stitch him up again that first time in Hell, dress him like he was a real boy instead of the string puppet he now knows himself to be. He thinks, maybe not all that long. Maybe it only took a second, like Cas’ ministrations of the battlefield, two fingers pressed to his lonesome forehead and then gone again. Healed without a thought.
Dean clears his throat. “Anyway. The garden thing you’ve got going on is enough, we’re not adding flying little shit factories into the mix.”
Perhaps this is as good a place as any to find a sort of sacrament.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
a hallucination quite yet—her niece and nephew might just be capable of flight.”
Cas hums something neutral, unwittingly saving Dean’s life, ‘cause he’s not entirely sure what it’d come to if he chose to agree
He doesn’t have to look very far.
Yeah, so maybe his attempts don’t work out so good.
Cas sighs. “Thank you, Dean. I’ll try my very best to adhere to that advice.”
“What time is it?”
Dean eyes him a bit warily but doesn’t try to escape the touch—a trick of the light, heat, maybe, but it feels almost as though he leans into it. “Okay,” he says, drawing out the word. “Anything else on your mind or can we—?”
“Why might I need some space?” Cas says, hair shoved all haphazardly back from his face, eyes squinted. “You’re asking me that?”
And then Dean has to deal with Sam’s nothing-has-ever-made-me-sadder face, but it’s okay, actually. The weight on his chest is easing up, grumbling around like it might actually think about vacating the premises sometime soon.
Rather than answer, Cas
“Well, uh, good game.” Cas removes moves his arm just enough to glare up at Dean, who can’t help but laugh a little. “Sorry.”
He’s halfway to reaching to click off the lamp before he remembers: Cas doesn’t like it, the complete dark, doesn’t like opening his eyes to remain sightless. Dean doesn’t blame him. Besides, the light doesn’t bother him much, and the ability to watch Cas’ breath enter and leave his body? Even less.
The words do not belong to Castiel, and yet they have sprung from his own mouth. Tower of Babel indeed.
Cas grimaces a little at that, but it turns thoughtful. “Days of the week.”
Cas only gives him an eyebrow raise for that lame little joke, but his mouth softens. “Maybe a little.”
The room feels a lot smaller all of a sudden, but it’s still big enough for Dean to fall back on his mattress with his hands over his eyes and a groan. He screws his fists into his eye sockets until he’s seeing pyrotechnics, but it doesn’t erase the inevitability of having to walk out of his room and check if Sam arrived in one piece, of having to blink what was just very close to happening back into nonexistence. Dean gives himself another few minutes before heaving himself out of bed with a sigh. Whatever. They’ve lied to each other about a whole lot worse.
“I was only one thing for so long,” Cas says, shrugging it all down and off his shoulders like so many layers of clothes. “There are times when I miss what that was.”
He almost never does, whatever, but it’s reached a new peak recently, a new horrible boredom and itch that he doesn’t have the facilities to address.
It’s so good again immediately, of course it is, elevated, even, by a new desperation in Dean’s movements. It’s almost as if he knows about the newfound hum underneath Castiel’s skin that longs to draw him into the light and give him precisely what he wants; it’s almost as if he’s trying his best to distract him from it.
Dean does some of head tilting of his own, wobbling back and forth like he’s searching for something before the sideways grin on his face softens. “Oh, no, like—I just meant, things go right, my mouth’s gonna be kinda occupied from this point, dude.”
“Goddamn it, Cas,” he says when his heart no longer feels like it might hammer up and out of his ribs. “Goddamn it.”
“What, you’ve never heard of interior decorating?” Dean says, smiling into the phone. “So what’s up, why’d you call?”
And there’s the problem, because that, right there? It’s sure as shit not even ground. Cas, in a single sweeping move that leveled Dean’s insides like a city block, has already told all. There are no more curling secrets in his guts, Dean’s sure of it, because what could possibly be worse than that confession in the basement? What could be more painful than looking Dean Winchester in his sorry face and admitting that you loved him? Cas, he knows, has no more reservations; if there’s anything left to say, he’s spoken it.
“Am I allowed to ask about the other part of it?” Sam says, and Dean groans. “C’mon, man, he’s my friend too.”
, do that again, just—”
There’s an argument, somewhere, that they’re not resolving, but if this is what fighting with Cas looks like, blurry and ecstatic in the warm light, then oh, sign him up for debate team. He’s so full of longing that the angry flat of Cas’ palm against his face would be enough to live on.
He’s hardly got time to think before Cas is hauling him up to his feet; his back twinges in admonishment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, man?” Dean says, noting the newfound scrape in his voice. “You liking it so far?”
And—you know what? It sounds alright.
“You have to go get an employee to come help your ass?”
“Ah.”
Like a shot, Cas’ hand is on his dick and Dean lasts an entirely admirable fifteen seconds longer before spilling between them with a shout that might be wordless, but is equally likely to be Cas’ name, repeated over, over, over again.
“Oh, yes. I need you to check the fridge for me, how many eggs do we have left?”
“Here.” Cas steps closer, sliding one hand back slightly to reveal one of the chicks nestled into his palm. “I wanted to show them the outside world. Acclimation is important.”
“I see.” There’s an uptick in Cas’ words that Dean’s learned to—well, not
“Yeah, okay,” he says, stuttering into Cas’ grip. He was already half-mast, what with the heady feeling of Cas falling apart at his, ah, TLC, but this takes him the rest of the way to paradise. “Yeah, like—like that.”
Again, Dean blinks in the face of this timeless, stretching entity who has—apparently—looked into his stupid, human soul and decided to stick around. There’s a feeling under his sternum, peaking and ebbing like one of those screensaver things he’s seen on old library computers; maybe this sensation, the one like a shifting, poorly rendered geometric shape, is indeed his soul. He coughs around it.
“It will be an unprecedented extinction event.”
“No.”
“To fuck with me! To—to besmirch the fucking
“Whatever,” Dean says. “It’s not happening, I’m not dealing with you after a raccoon gets past the chickenwire and suddenly it’s Union Station and he’s Eliot Ness.”
“Am I—yes, of course I am.”
“What?” His voice scrapes along the earth’s crust.
“Yeah.” Dean lets it lie there a moment, rests his head. “Anyway, sorry, I was just thinking about how glad I am you can’t blink out of existence anymore, I fucking
Cas shrugs. “I’ll tell him you like how it looks.”
“What?”
Dean hums around his dick, thrilling at the jump in Cas’ abdominal muscles. This, he knows how to do. This, he knows how to turn from something you leave the motel room whistling because of into something you start to think about the logistics of proposing to a hooker over. He hollows his cheeks and begins the ascent.
“Maybe I do want it.”
“Sure,” Sam says, as the microwave beeps. “It’s nice, coming home to this.”
“No, it’s not,” Sam says. He sighs. “A little less because I have faith in you two crazy kids to work this out quick, and more because my girlfriend’s gonna be a little annoyed if I show up trying to move in, but. No, it’s not.”
Cas lets something free from his throat, a keen, a moan, some muted kind of banshee howl, but Dean barely has time to register the meaning behind it before Cas is kissing him all over again.
Cas looks up, away from Dean’s pathetic face. “I should.”
And Sam, seated at the kitchen table and idly thumbing through his phone, is none the wiser.
“Nuh uh, don’t play that card, I
“Why?”
“I, I,” Cas breathes, in, out, so close to the tilted and begging plane of Dean’s face. He wants to swallow it, drown in the air from his lungs.
And terrible, because how is he supposed to live like this, bare and open and
“Okay, okay,” Dean says after a minute, century, however long it takes for Cas to get three fingers deep and start leaving what feel like continent-sized marks along his collarbone. “I’m ready, you’re good, I—c’mon, give it to me.”
“So, whaddya say?” Dean’s hand tightens on his thigh as his face remains shrouded in that same strange half-tender grin. “I wanna—c’mon, Cas, I’ll make it good. Let me?”
“Do you,” Castiel pauses, whatever lure his grace is experiencing now polluting the air around them, plucking at their edges, “want that?”
“—and if I ever did anything, at all, to make you feel like you couldn’t, I’m so sorry, man, I—”
“I, uh—haven’t seen you around lately.”
“I’ll pass,” Dean says, running a hand down his face. “Baby could do with the fresh air—hell, so could I.”
He stares down at the dirt, unmoving, for way to long after Cas has gone back inside.
The only thing he hadn’t been able to trick himself into back then had been telling Sam.
Sam rolls his eyes. “A protection charm, dude. Since you’re so concerned about rodents.”
“He would,” Jack said, all earnest eyes. “But keeping a portal open at all is going to be difficult enough. We might only have one solid shot at this—I don’t want to lose him all over again.”
And so, there’s nothing left to do but take a seat in the worn orange chair across from the occupied bed.
“It’s forty-five seconds, Dean, the thing will live.”
“Don’t apologize,” he says again. “I was being—I don’t know what I was saying. You’re right, maybe we should have done this a while ago.”
“Cas. Fuck, Cas, I—”
“I would prefer,” Castiel says, not wanting to wipe the grin from his face, precious in its rarity, “if this time around we did actually just remain here quietly.”
“So, it’s a plan?” Dean says with an uncurling sense of relief. Maybe this wasn’t a big deal after all. “You grab a few beers, I’ll get my laptop set up to natgeo?”
“You knew me,” Dean says, and doesn’t even try to make it sound like the truth.
He smiled, hurting only in the sweetest way. “No, you won’t.”
“Hm.” Dean pumps his hand a few times, not quite with the intention of going anywhere with it, but with a goal in mind that’s achieved when Cas lets out an unguarded huff. “How much?”
this and it’s—it’s not your decision to make.”
“Oh, shut up, like you didn’t make me watch seven whole episodes of that Riverdale show.”
. He knew Dean, from muscle to sinew to bone, because he’d spent time constructing, repolishing him like some well-loved piece of leather furniture. Loved despite its age and bruises, perhaps because of them. Cas, in his most secret, quashed daydreams, had sweated and toiled and sang out in triumph when one singular Dean Winchester had been put back in working order. And, maybe, he’d never forgotten the steps. Maybe, fingers on his forehead were only ever a safety measure, maybe he always knew the whole Dean, the inside and out, and maybe he stuck around anyway.
the angry sleeper, sure. “I’m getting some buzz about a case, something about a church up in Nebraska.”
“Let me hold ‘im.”
“What?” Dean says, like it isn’t
“Don’t,” Dean turns his face away, half-buried in his pillow. “Don’t ask me that.”
“It has been argued that humpbacks are capable of the oft thought exclusively human trait of empathy,” Cas says, nodding.
“Good.”
“You wanna,” he breathes, “we should take this—my bed’s
Dean lies there a while, watching, until it seems like too much. Did he fucking
in the yard. The roll of his shoulders without ache, the fit of his palm along sanded wood. It feels kinda like he’s betraying something by trying not to feel pain, but he keeps at it anyway. The soreness in his arms is easier to soothe than anything in his head.
“What?” Dean feels his own face fall into something that probably looks like cartoon despair. “You’re kidding—Cas! Sam’s gonna be here in like, five hours, how could they—”
The noise seems to have reverberating effects, as Cas lets out some kind of curse above him—in a different language, maybe, or else Dean’s too gone to recognize the Queen’s English—and comes, filling the back of Dean’s throat with himself. Dean swallows around it, tries hard not to choke.
Cas hits him with that deadpan look, the one that gets Dean’s insides lighting up like nothing else, glowing for hours like hot coals at an abandoned camping lot. “You,” he says, real slow and predatory-like, “underestimate me.”
“Oh yeah? I should aim higher, you’re saying? Five, ten minutes?”
“Maybe we should have,” Cas says, and leaves it at that.
“Okay, fair, I guess,” Dean says, trying not to burn, “but what’s that gotta be like? Hot and heavy and then—oh,
Rather than consider this, he pulls Dean in again, into this thing he cannot and yet intimately does now understand. Dean makes an amused sounding noise that becomes something else with the addition of Castiel’s own open, hungry mouth. He presses the pads of his fingers under the point of Dean’s jaw and swallows the low sounds that spill forth, that travel up Castiel’s spine like the pointed pine needle thrill of power. Dean shifts, pushing closer into him until the whole of Castiel’s senses have narrowed to their infinite points of contact, still not enough sate his newfound appetite. Such fervor, fever, it’s all an approach to prayer that Castiel has never considered, but—holy, nonetheless.
“I’ve seen your soul before.”
Cas shudders through an abrupt inhale. “Don’t call me that.”
See, he’s fucked, because that’s supposed to hurt, make Cas’ eyebrows draw with regret, show up somehow on his face that’s not the set of acceptance his mouth wears now. It was meant to be a weapon, but he’s getting a feeling that Cas has already been stuck one too many times to even feel the blade.
The draw of Dean’s brow does not know this. “It’s not like—it’s not a transaction, Cas. Don’t worry about it.”
“We did that for twenty years, Dean. It sucked.”
Again, again, socking Dean over the head with it: I am an angel, I have seen more than could ever possibly be told in words even if your shitty tape deck spewed them until the end of time, I am practically infinite, I am—sitting across from you.
.” It feels like fraud, almost, how easy it is to stand in the kitchen and smile at each other, to know that there’s nothing keeping the two of them apart except a countable number of feet across a white tile floor. Dean ducks his head. “You think the kid—” He taps the side of his fist twice against the shared wall. “Hey, Jack, you want any more of those Scooby Doo fruit snacks?”
“It’s our home, and there’s no sigil you can use to expel us.”
“Dean.”
“Sam and yourself have been through worse betrayals of trust in just the short time I’ve known you,” Castiel says, but puts up his hands at the rapidly shuttering expression on Dean’s face. “I won’t speak a word of this. To Sam or—anyone.”
“Didn’t realize you were haunting someplace, Sammy,” Dean says, but he remembers. Big hair, bowling alley, didn’t put up much of a fight once they’d found her shoes somewhere in a back closet. He’s not entirely surprised it didn’t make a big impression. “I mean, yeah, but that’s—that’s kid stuff.”
Instead, Cas presses tight against him, a line of searing heat, and leads him in a frantic kind of rhythm until Dean can’t help the little breaths ripped from his throat. He can grit his teeth in silence against any kind of blade—well, most of ‘em—but there are still some tortures that are gonna make him break.
“I’ve been thinking on it, and—I can get him out,” he’d said, and Dean hadn’t even needed to ask.
“I know I don’t, you think I’ve lived a life with this many problems by just doing whatever I thought would make other people happy?” He held on; he never should have let go. “You said it’s not in the having, but I
“Y’gonna make pickles?” Dean says, holding one of the vines gentle in the crook of his finger. Up so close, it even smells like cucumber, cucumber and the gritty soil it’s sprouting out of; clean and dirty, but neither scent cancelling the other out. It all just smells like life.
“Hey.” Dean looks up from where he’s staring blankly at whatever’s playing onscreen—some game show, maybe?—to see Sam standing in the doorway of the Deancave. “You seen Cas?”
“And what’s it like?” Dean says instead of crossing over to him, a Herculean show of strength.
“Alright, man, alright,” he says after a moment, smiling just a little. “So, it’s like that, then?”
So, yeah. Dean knows exactly what he’s trying to get across.
Dean clears his blushing throat. “Could you not, man?” But his face remains angled up, tilted back like the head of some sun-starved flower.
“Oh, sorry, were you watching?” Dean says as he sets it down in the wire fruit bowl, turning just enough over his shoulder to catch Cas’ eyes, creased and gentle in his face. He lingers there, pulled taut by the thing that’s always existed in their shared gaze. “Hey, thanks.”
The sound of Dean’s phone from across the room nearly kills him.
“Dean Winchester,” Cas says. His voice, if it was anyone else’s, Dean would say was trembling, wobbly underneath the weight of its own tone. It’s Cas, though, so Dean knows there’s no possible force on Heaven, Earth, any of the stupid dimensions in between that could break it.
“Dean.” Cas voice is on the edge of something, an entity Dean doesn’t quite know if he wants to see. “Please.”
The slide is—oh, it’s something. It’s not something he’s unused to, but equally, it’s not something he is or ever will be. He exhales, relaxes into it, feels his mouth drop open as he fights to keep his breathing controlled.
Dean takes a minute, two, to—he doesn’t know, catch his breath, before giving Cas the ol’
“I don’t understand.”
Dean’s eyebrows spring up as if released. “Holy shit,” he says, and the eyes left below them are swimming. “Holy shit. Yeah, okay.”
“You—how?”
The second is something they haven’t, don’t, will not talk about, because even just remembering Cas’ teary face seconds before he—Dean can’t think about it. He just can’t. Sometimes he skirts the edges, wonders if Cas meant what he said, wonders if he somehow still does, but he’s never gonna bring it up. It’s enough to let that stone go unturned, to trust in it as another weird and nebulous thread tying them together, keeping Cas
Dean, for a second of his pathetic fucking life, wonders just how small the percent chance that pretending to be asleep right now will work out for him, and then discards it. He’s dug the grave, time to lie in it. Or whatever.
It’s Dean’s turn to eye-roll. “Alright there, you condescending son of a bitch, reel it in.”
He doesn’t wait for it, for permission, before he’s reaching up to clutch the back of Cas’ neck in his hand, drawing him in even closer. Dean breathes wordlessly in his ear and feels he’s already revealed too much.
It doesn’t come up again, except in all the ways that it absolutely does.
“Dean.”
He’s yet to deliver.
—and then it’d be apple pie, shutting his brain up with the hands and teeth and dick of the first guy who looked at him twice across a hazy bar. Which isn’t to say he turned women down, because boy, he did
The edge of Cas’ mouth tips up. “Dean.”
And I will be normal about it.
it. “Nothing changes.”
“Right. So,” Dean says. “I’m gonna—I mean, unless you wanna pick up where we left off?” A joke, one that won’t make it into the next set if the look on Cas’ face is any feedback to go by. “Right. Uh. See you. I’m sorry.”
He licks his lips—rookie move, because all it does it get Cas’ gaze darting down to his mouth, eyes dark as shit, which is all the invitation Dean’s ever gonna need, and—
“Of course we are.”
Castiel’s hand flexes where it’s found its way into Dean’s hair, earning him a sharp breath in response; he wonders at, rages against the idea that bounties of human beings have indeed known just this. But then, they can’t have, for only he has Dean Winchester now as he is, desperate and wonderful and holding his body down with his own.
there, man.”
“Now.”
Castiel joins him in a frown, deflated from any offense. “Is it?”
He’d’ve had to, because Sam pulled the trigger on the purchase
thing,” Dean says, pointing as he closes the white cabinet door with a reverberating bang-bang-bangbang—he’s gotta get around to fixing the interior magnets, “ain’t older than you.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Cop out, come on. What’d you do, anyway? You know, if you were,” Dean says, trying to posit the question lightly in order to balance out the fact that he’s suddenly hungrier for its answer than he is any plate that’s gonna come out of the kitchen doors over Cas’ shoulder. “What I saw doesn’t count; it was the apocalypse, no one’s really human in that.”
“I—imagine it was Lucifer,” Cas says, a little halting, like the mere mention of the tragedy that’s become Dean’s entire life will leave him sobbing on the floor; he rolls his eyes. Though maybe it would some other day, right now he’s got company, he’s got ribs on the way, he’s—alright. “Lucifer, in possession of Sam’s body.”
“I’m ready.” Perhaps not an honest answer, but under such an assault, who would be? Dean swallows, feels the crook of Cas’ fingers again. He’s reached it, that point; he looks up at Cas and swears he’s never wanted anything more in his sorry, empty life. “Please, I—please.”
Dean grunts, then lapses back into silence. Castiel can’t quite see his face from his current angle, but he watches the curve of his neck out of the corner of his eye. It’s freckled, just barely. He wonders at the last time it fully saw the sun.
Dean, who’d been listening to the ever-present chorus in the breath from both of their lungs, blinks, sits up a little. “What the fuck kind of deal did you make now?”
dangerous, and it’s all just with the flattening of Cas’ eyes. He’s up and in Dean’s space before he can blink.
There’s a second of silence, enough for Dean’s own words to sink to the bottom of his gut like a stone and then—past that, further, down to his feet and then—gone. The weight’s gone, and he’s the only thing that’s left, sprung free after all.
Stripped down, powerful.
“Yeah, dude,” Dean says, squinting at him. He’d gone to lengths to keep it under wraps, sure, but his brother’s solved whole cases on less obvious hints than Cas’ very-obviously-not-bedhead bedhead that’d started showing up about three out of every seven days of the week. “You, uh, you honestly had no idea?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, not looking Dean in the eye. “For earlier.”
“Okay,” Dean says, not moving. “Okay, so.”
shit he once said in their dark and hollow basement, the thing about—Dean bites down on the thought, scans Cas’ face instead for something to latch onto and only finds its lack.
“Strawberry and melon it is, then,” Dean says. They’re close, like Dean is learning and relearning how to get used to—he’s learning to cherish it, not as something that might be taken away any moment, but as something that simply is. He ducks his chin into Cas’ shoulder and listens to his breathing, to Jack in the next room, to the hum of their refrigerator. It’s stupid, maybe, but to Dean it feels a little like he’s listening to the future.
“So, uh,” Dean says. “How’s Eileen?”
It’s impossible, it’s overreaching, and Dean must be making the whole thing up.
“Never surrender to Michael,” are the words that form without his control. “Promise me. You—he does not deserve you.”
“Then I suppose we’ll never know where he gets it,” Cas says, and Dean looks over his shoulder to shoot him a smile. His brow is raised and his hair is messy and it’s a little hard to look away again.
Sam drops his hand a little to glare at him. “Fuck you, dude, I’d have more about the end of the world. Either—
“Lamb.”
The construction is—it’s like riding a bike, shooting a gun. You never really forget a skill you’ve used to try and save your own life; even after nearly a decade, Dean still remembers exactly how it felt to pour concrete and fit wood together at Lisa’s in the wake of Sam’s swan dive. He remembers holding to the mindless creation with white knuckles.
Cas lets them sit in it for several moments more before speaking again. “I’ll only take what you want to give me.” He sighs. “A thousand times more or none at all.”
Sam laughs. “It’s the principle of the thing.”
Cas, familiar with his preferences, pushes him down into the mattress below until Dean is utterly bursting with the joy of containment. He presses back up against the weight of Cas’ body, the seal of a hand around his wrist. Their kissing is as it always it: wet, hot, the only thing Dean will ever need again.
First off—it’s just a little bit harder for Cas to dematerialize his way out of an argument now that he’s a slab of free-range, grade a humanity, stuck in his meat body like the rest of them. For the time being—forever, some distant, selfish part of Dean’s mind whispers, please—Cas is bound to waking up with pillow creases on his face that don’t go away for half an hour, to experiencing the light stinging pain of a sunburn firsthand. That one had been kind of funny, the blush-like distribution of sunned skin on Cas’ face, along his cheekbones, the scowl he’d given when Dean’d pointed it out. If it’s between that and just about every other way Cas has of getting himself hurt, Dean’ll pick spending an extra four bucks on aloe lotion every single time.
And so he does.
Dean snorts. “Well, I’m all for that,” he says. “We got seven, right? What’s something there are seven of? Dwarves?”
He shrugs. “Why not? Five bucks isn’t much.” Not, Dean thinks with the weird satisfaction that comes with somehow surviving this long, anymore.
Dean watches, nods. A goodbye, or close enough.
“There, now you’ve got—” Dean interrupts himself, rolling his eyes. “Close your eyes next time, man.”
He’s rifling through the fridge when Sam gets out of the shower, fresh and whole and no worse for the wear. A bit better, actually, if the hum under his breath is anything to go by.
“Who the fuck would be called that? It’s not even a
“Oh, you—clean your fucking dishes, man!”
Dean swallows hard, reminded of angel possession, permission, all of it melting away in the face of Cas’ steely hard gaze.
Dean’s still gonna make fun of it though—c’mon, it’s
“Hey,
Cas slanted him a glance; Dean shrugged his shoulders in a
“You can’t—ah.” He can only resist so much. “You can’t decide for me.”
Oh, Dean Winchester.
“Do you?” What the hell are you even asking, Dean Winchester?
Dean laughs. Pauses. Laughs a little more. “Man, you are just the most boring dude alive, huh?” It’s both praise and condemnation, something new between the two. “You know shit’s dire in heaven when you’re the one leading a rebellion.”
“Do you have any?”
“Hey, listen, you don’t have to explain it to me,” Dean says, mouth drawing in, tucking itself back into a frown. He is suddenly out of place, a woeful marble sculpture against cheap wallpaper. “It’s my brother, you know, the one that’s screaming his lungs out back there. That same dumbass kid who’s dodging calls from
“Okay, okay.” Dean huffs slightly, a quiet sound that dies somewhere in the space between them. “You don’t have to get all cornball about my
“It would appear so.”
“Your view of the world is so fucked up.”
“Tell me,” Cas says, his tight-not-tight-enough grip punching Dean’s breath out of him like some kind of office supply tool.
Other, more selfish, more lonely times, he makes believe that the reason Cas could heal him so quick, fix him faster than a racetrack pitstop, was the fact that he
“Cas,” he gasps out as the angel, human, military machine, decides Dean’s neck is the next battlefield to be tilled with plowshares that haven’t yet lost that swordlike bite. “I—I fucking missed you.”
“I don’t think I’d take that either.”
“They’re waiting for you,” he says, rather than pin his desperation to Dean’s already heavy shoulders. “You should return as soon as—”
“No,” Cas says, and Dean smiles to cover up the bluntness. He doesn’t even have to fake it.
“Yeah, man,” Dean says, sweeping his eyes down and away to his own socked feet. “Standing over me like that, some sort of—I don’t know, you want me to play Sleeping Beauty here or something?” He glances back up switchblade-quick, sees Castiel’s furrowed brow, sighs. “It’s a—never mind. Kiss the girl, save the day sort of thing. Easier shit than anything we’ve ever done.”
, to be—”
“What? That did not at all refute what I said.”
Dean’s breath is sharp against his thigh; a laugh, dismissal, something else, Castiel doesn’t know. Maybe it’s not a reaction to his speech at all, but rather to the way one of Castiel’s hands has slid very carefully again into his hair. He tugs, only just, and is rewarded with the sudden laxity of Dean’s face, his eyes slipping shut.
Dean shakes his head. Yeah, fuck no.
Soldier as he is, Castiel knows a dismissal when he hears one—perhaps even too well, used to taking flight before words have cooled in the air—and stands, clean and fully clothed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas just hums, like Dean’s already lost the argument, he just doesn’t know it yet. Jokes on him, Dean hasn’t met a stupid grudge he didn’t dig his heels in six feet down on, and the residents of the bunker—land above included—are remaining
“You don’t want—I won’t punish you with what I’d say to you.”
“Nothing,” Castiel says, trailing his hand up along the side of Dean’s face once more. “Never mind.”
“Okay,” Dean says in the middle of their second episode. “So—he’s in jail.”
echoing in his ears and skin and blood, and—oh, yeah. Dean’s really never hearing it again now.
“No.”
” He stops, screws the heel of his hand into one eye. “God, my life is so fucking stupid.”
“I think I’ll,” Cas says, looking between them, eyes wary and mouth—nope. Dean’s not gonna think about it. “Go back to my room.”
Cas looks at him, and then something shifts. Something dangerous, something get-in-the-car
Cas’ eyes slide over to meet his. “You’ve got me,” he says in the low, ticklish way that’s not
Is Dean the girl? Does it even matter anymore?
“Thank you.”
“Uh,” Sam says. “I guess I’ll assume no based on context.”
“You like the bear, yeah, yeah, I got it,” Dean says, scribbling the items down. “Any preference for the eggs, your majesty?”
“What?” It’s all he manages to get out before Cas is kissing him, full and open-mouthed. There’s not a piece of restraint, everything about him clamoring to get in, at Dean. Dean’s felt possessions less all-encompassing, but—he wonders, absently grasping at Cas’ shoulders and thoughts barely formed, if that isn’t exactly what love feels like, exactly what got Cas killed in the first place.
“Dean. Come
“What?”
Dean snorts. “You’re the one with all of pop culture beamed into your brain, why ask me?”
It doesn’t change the reality of waking up alone.
It’s happening again.
“Heavy promise,” Dean says, but the speed of his breath betrays him. He knows. They both do.
“I can,” Cas says, voice deep and gritty. “I will.”
. Cas’ eyes are up and on him before Dean can even blink.
It’s strange, the things that make Dean crumple, blink. He never knows quite when it’s going to happen, but it sure is now, hot behind his two-time, backstabbing eyes.
He ends up watching a lot of TV. Alone, this time, which makes the whole thing a hell of a lot sadder than it’d been before, but still, he watches it until the colors blend together. He sits in his one of two matching chair set and refuses to feel lonely.
“No, I don’t believe I could,” Castiel says, listing closer, reeled in by the light behind Dean’s eyes, the eyelashes splayed under them. “It’s very bright.”
“Sam and I were thinking we wait until we can more reliably tell them apart,” Cas says, studious little expression on as he watches the chick move her head twitchily back and forth in Dean’s hands. “To prevent the crises of identity, I’m sure.”
It’s devastating, until Cas kisses him on the mouth and begins fucking him in earnest, and then it’s just—out the window along with the rest of Dean’s higher brain functioning.
He can’t, though, so he doesn’t, and he counts the blessings for them both.
for a road trip with his sort-of-sister, and the world is a hell of a lot better for it—and you can trust me, I’ve met more would-be Gods than I ever fucking wanted to.”
Three syllables—the tune of an old Beatles song, maybe, the creak of an old floor, read in code because to speak outright is to poison the air. He wants it, but more than anything he wants to hear it from the original source, to watch Cas’ face as he forms the words. To choke on the smog.
“Tell you—what?”
“It’s not binding.”
Dean shrugs. “Losing your touch, kid detective?”
“Hey,” he says, leaning in the doorway of Cas’ room. He won’t go in yet, that’s not his part to play.
you to.”
“Enough to know I made the right—choice.” Cas’ voice goes feathery as Dean takes him back into his mouth, gentle, savoring. “I—”
Dean sweeps out an arm. “Y’see?”
Cas nods, sits back down on the bed; Dean lets him go to run both hands down his face. They wait.
Dean smiles, both false and too raw on his face.
“‘Good.’ You Robin Williams? Should I put on a Boston accent, you can tell me it’s not my fault for five minutes straight?”
Dean grins himself, picturing a former angel of the lord glaring up at a small glass canister just out of reach. There’s an ache to accompany it, of course there is, but it’s of a kind made sweeter and better with time, like the one in his jaw after too much sugar in his coffee.
—wait, hey, don’t do that,” he says as Cas pulls out of his reach completely, but Cas just gives him a dry look as he shucks his sweater, pressing back in wearing just his heather gray t-shirt. “Oh. No, right, yeah, uh—onward Christian soldier, then.”
Sam narrows his eyes. “Why are you drawing that distinction.”
“Like—a week after he came back from the Empty? The second time. Although,” Dean starts, then cuts himself off with a shake of his head—no need for the whole messy history right now, not that he’d exactly trust his tongue to form it. “Never mind.”
There are tears in his eyes, down his face. Goddammit, he’s overflowing.
“What? No.”
“Cas is right,” Dean said, aware of how much he was intruding, a single man edging in on beings of infinite power. But—maybe that was the point. Dean Winchester, ambassador for humanity. “You’ve gotta—just being a person really ain’t that raw of a deal, kid. I mean, usually.”
Dean looks down before it can spill out of his mouth, the fact that no number of bumps on any amount of walls could ever drive him from the door of this quaint little three-bedroom; he lets the fact that the happiness he’s touched before doesn’t hold a candle to what he’s got now remain unspoken. Cas already knows.
God, he’d better not just be imagining it.
“Oh, would you?” Dean says, smiling like his brain hasn’t been letting off smoke like an engine with a faulty belt for the past half an hour. “I was wondering when we’d get around to that.”
Dean is—very good at this; Castiel fights to stay caught up but he is lost somewhere, left to merely catalog sensations. The yellow light he’s closed his eyes to, the hum of an air conditioning unit, the cheap synthetic feeling of the sheets wrinkling beneath them, they all stand on the edge of his consciousness. But mostly, it is Dean, Dean, and Dean again.
Half the time, Dean ascends the stairs to find Cas just sitting in the grass, eyes closed, face turned up to the sun. It’s almost like he’s meditating, but Dean’s stared down the signs of exhaustion in the mirror enough times to recognize them here. There’s a pull at the edges of Cas’ face that amounts to more than gravity and it makes Dean’s nerves jitter underneath his skin.
, more times than he’d care to count, to watch? Did Cas
“Dean, Dean,” Cas swallows around something, curling his hand in Dean’s hair, overly long in a way he’s never gonna shear down now. “Dean. I—”
“Dean.”
“Shit.” Dean scrambles back, ass against the opposing counter in a second flat, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. Cas blinks back at him. “Shit.”
Dean looked at him, stuck like a jammed tape. “We can get him back?” And then, “wait, what do you mean, call him? Won’t he listen to you?”
“Neither do you, pal.”
Cas replaces the hand around his dick with the now spit-slicked one and—oh, it’s better. Not that the original one was bad, because Dean’s got this weird thing that no matter where, how, when Cas touches him, his body somehow translates it into the greatest fucking feeling imaginable, but this? This is pretty great.
“It’s simple, I’ve—come on,” Sam says, glancing towards Cas with the same eyes that made every tired, underpaid middle school teacher fall right, directly in love with him. “Back me up here.”
The third is—this.
To his credit—and Dean’s endless frustration—Cas does little more than blink. Was he expecting it? Is he startled, disappointed? Did it make him think of that
Cas eyes him. “Your hands are covered in chicken.”
“Dean, this is great,” Sam says, and Dean breaks eye contact with the the overgrown scruff on Cas’ cheek to look at his brother. He’s smiling like a kid whose parents just okayed a family dog, and hell, if that don’t feel kinda nice too. “Y’know, there’s probably a charm we can put on the coop to—”
“It’s not,” Cas licks his lips, searching; Dean wonders about it sometimes, what it’s like to be so condensed, to use only human language to express what used to be beams of light. He thinks they do pretty well, considering. “I’d thought I was removed, somehow, doomed to love you as an angel would.” Dean smiles, feels it lopsided on his face and aches for the man across from him. “I hadn’t yet realized that humanity’s not quite like that at all.”
“Cas.” It breaks from him like a flood. “Cas, I need you, I need you to—”
Castiel inclines his head in a nod. “Most certainly.”
If he’s gotta lie—which, Dean’d like to meet a bastard who didn’t—he’s found the best way to pull it off is to hunt the truth down and skin it, to wear its dead pelt until he could pick the thing out blindfolded in a dark room. That’s the key, learning the facts backwards, forwards, as best he can, all to keep any semblance of them escaping from out between his clenched teeth.
Dean shrugs.
Dean swallows past the hot red flash through his core. “Yeah?”
“You know.”
With that, he leans down, takes Castiel into his mouth and—
How else can it be explained? He licks hot into Castiel’s mouth and brings the shuddering feeling of salvation along with him, sinks it into Castiel’s bottom lip with his teeth. There is a mechanism to his touch that is as of yet unseen, unfelt, something for Castiel alone to bear witness to. He sighs, slanting his breath across the plane of Castiel’s face, flexes the fingers on his chest to bunch the fabric of his shirt. There is hunger, so much of it, in the heat of Dean’s body, so why does Castiel feel like he himself is yawning open?
“When it explodes, you’re on cleaning duty.”
“That it is.”
Cas shakes his head. “I can only safely transport one at a time.”
But not the worst. God. Not by far.
Sam rolls his eyes. “God, no, anything but that.”
without speaking
The chorus never stops, a different question each time.
“We gonna talk about this?”
Cas, too, had returned from the Empty changed, new. Not much of an angel anymore, perhaps something better, something at home and at peace scoping out their well-stocked kitchen cupboards.
Dean squares his jaw, tries to let the movement secure him in his body. There’s so much buzzing in his head and fingertips it’s hard to tell how well it works. “Yeah, I’m not saying it again.”
Dean swallows. “Yeah. Right.” If he means to say forever, at least he’s couching it. “I can—listen, this whole thing’s been a mess, but I can give you that.”
God, that’d be hot.
“Okay, right, that was nice try,” he says, “but hand over the remote, we’re missing it.”
, I mean.” He wets his lips. “We’re all gonna die, right?”
good, a point where Dean knows it’s all about to tip over into
happening into the air. The man in question hums in response, swirling his tongue in a way that makes Castiel begin to wonder if the question of smiting was not a pertinent one.
It’s a lonely week.
cult-owned, thank you very much.”
“What, I can’t have an off morning?” he says once he’s gathered enough humanity back into himself to form into words. The smile on his face is false, paper-thin, but it’ll work well enough.
Castiel clears his throat. “I’ll go, then,” he says, and Dean smiles, wrong and rueful. “What?”
“Huh.” He considers the thing in his hands, warm and quivering. The feathers on the chick’s back end have begun to color, streaked with black and brown, dirty against the pale yellow of her face. He strokes the darkened wing with his thumb. Feels clean enough. “S’bigger than I thought it’d be.”
Castiel opens his mouth, closes it, curses the limits of human communication. There must be a way to express it plainly, this pulsing desire underneath his skin that beats not only for his own pleasure but for that of the man before him; he must have once learned the words. If such a script does exist, however, he’s yet to recall it—if it exists, he does not trust that Dean will open his clenched fists wide enough to accept it.
“What?”
“C’mon, Sammy.”
“You—oh,” Sam says. “You knew.”
Dean hums a little under his breath as he puts bowls and spoons in their respective places, pours coffee 3/4ths of the way to the top of a yellow mug, and grabs half and half from the fridge to set down in front of Cas. It’s nothing, just the kind of go-nowhere little tune that used to make Sam threaten to smother him under a motel pillow if he didn’t shut up, but it halts itself abruptly enough at the touch of Cas’ hand to his inner elbow.
“Here,” he says, drawing his thumb out of Dean’s mouth to present his palm. Dean follows the unspoken order and drags his tongue along it, marveling at the fact he leaves anything behind, dry as his mouth now feels.
“I was
Dean shakes his head. “Nothing worth having gets got without a little risk,” he says. “So maybe he was sleeping vulnerable for a little while, but who was there to take advantage of it? Besides, he wakes up and, bang, world’s first woman.” He shrugs. “Kind of worth it.”
For all the times they’ve failed to actually voice shit to each other, it’s always been a little easier than it should be to read the meaning in Cas’ face.
In the grand scheme, Dean exchanging a few sexual favors with his ex-angel guy best friend doesn’t even really rank on the panic-o-meter. Well, pretty low, anyway.
“What?”
did my time in that her love interest’s name is—that.”
Dean knows the relief of coming back alive, the one that makes you cling that much tighter to those you came back to, and he’s going to milk it for all it’s worth.
They sit there for a minute, long enough that the Kansas sun begins to soak into the nape of Dean’s neck; he can hear the buzz of cicadas churning along with his sun-slowed heartbeat.
Dean breathes, head tilted back and neck bared. There’s too much clambering up his throat, there always is. This time, he often thinks, this time I’ll be normal. This time I’ll be able to look the angel Castiel in his sharp ass eyes and tell him,
“I could take you.” He pauses, remembering past reticence. “If you like.”
“Hey, hey, watch it,” he says, grimacing. “I’m not as—”
. Tap, tap, tap.
Sometimes, he interrupts, watches as Cas’ face flickers back to life among the leaves and flowers. Sometimes, he goes to sit beside him, itchy grass be damned, and the sun showers them both in warm, unearned forgiveness.
So, yeah. He knows.
Dean blinks. “I don’t—what are you talking about?”
To say he doesn’t know what happens next would be a lie; Castiel can trace the line of his existence back to its creation with no flaws, no hiccups. It is just—there is a moment where he remains hanging over Dean, suspended by the hand spanning jaw and neck, and then—there is a moment where his lying back half-propped up on an elbow with the Michael sword kneeling with one leg between his own.
Dean looks at him for a second, scoffs. “This your way of saying you wanna move out? Because the answer is years, Sam, decades.”
“Cas,” he tries, jolting, aching. “C’mon, get on with it.”
Dean blinks.
“I apologize.”
Now, there’s a lot that they can get away with without words. How many times over the years has a glance sufficed? Saying stuff like,
He concedes to the advice and finds it truthful: the warm slide of their gasping mouths is indeed light enough to see by. Clenched tight against other brightness, Castiel finds that—he likes it, he likes the urgency of Dean’s body pressed down against his own, likes the sound from his mouth when they part, pinched as it may be. He likes, even, especially, this new knowledge of himself.
something—relief, maybe—with the same urgency in which Castiel now longs for the divine. “We sit like this for too long, buddy, I’m gonna start to get ideas.”
“It—what?” Cas says. “It already has.”
“Hey, Cas.”
Dean understands what he means, though. This, a stupid nothing conversation in front of their toaster, this is something that never would have made it into any iteration of Chuck’s story. Too boring, too mundane, too goddamn normal. It’s just a conversation; Dean’s not biting back the truth of some weird murderous desire, Sam’s not ducking away to work with anything more sinister than a tough ass Irishwoman. They’re not standing in the kitchen to set some sort of scene, they’re just—standing, in the kitchen.
“You don’t
“I’m sorry for the inconvenience,” Cas said, and Dean laughed, a small huffing thing that felt light in his lungs. “I’ll, ah, plan it better next time.”
“Oh, come on, he looks—”
Cas’ eyes, if Dean can be counted a reliable source of interpretation anymore, are dryly amused.
“You may to have to explain it to me.”
Dean’s eyebrows crease; he hums slightly as if to say
“I want you to—I want you to fuck me,” Dean says, prickling with sweat like it’s something difficult, like this is the first time it’s come to pass, like he doesn’t spend an amount of time he doesn’t want to think about imagining the next time they’ll get to do it again. “Please.”
It’s easy, from there, to melt into it, to forget there even was an argument, to arch his back and keen.
“Yeah, okay, let’s put a giant x-marks-the-spot right over the bunker, and—oh, shit, wait,” Dean says, snapping the fingers not holding his phone, “eggs-marks-the-spot. Eh?”
Cas groans a little, clutching Dean’s shoulder with his hand, digging into the meat. The slight pain is grounding, good, even, beat out only by the weight on his tongue, in his core. He wants this, he has before, but never with this kind of gut-sweeping need. Never so much that the dull pain in his bent joints becomes some kind of distant memory. Here, down on his supplicant knees, he tries to wrap his mind around the impossible idea of doing this shit when Cas had still been an angel. Hell, Dean was already always praying, back in those early days, and how different are the two, really? He thinks of popping light circuits and red, red handprints and feels his eyelids flutter.
Dean exhales a thin sounding noise. “Yeah, okay. A thousand times.”
Castiel stands almost before he knows he’s doing so; there’s a pull that tugs the very core of himself towards the faithless man before him, as if his own flickering grace wants to obey the laws of diffusion physics. He halts, standing an arm’s length up and over from Dean’s now upturned face. Upturned, upended, his expression clouds with wariness, but there’s something like a challenge in the tilt of his jaw, hunger in his open mouth.
Sam snorts. “You’re telling me.”
Cas, and it’s just to wrap up a story that shouldn’t’ve been started in the first place.”
Because, the thing about it—and maybe this is what he’s really been afraid of—is that after the oh-God-plane-turbulence drop of admission, it feels—it feels
“What do you want,” Cas says, but his voice, so close to the fragile shell of Dean’s ear, doesn’t hold much of a question. There’s a severity he adopts while he’s trying to consume Dean whole that makes him wanna shiver, shake, tell the truth. He sighs out something piecemeal and broken instead.
