"There we go," Dr. Wilson said again, squeezing the flannel of ice. "How'd this happen? You look as if you had a bad run-in with a door."
Sherlock's back curls, a single violent spasm. The ice breaks, and he hunches over onto himself, as if the world itself has been settled over his shoulders all this time and he's finally lost the strength to stand.
"John!" Sherlock bustled straight back out of the office, a bundle of flaring Belstaff as he again all but shouldered straight past the both of them, his hair wild and almost bouncing and his eyes glacier. "We're leaving!"
But it's only Greg that comes around the corner, tense and worried and looking at Sherlock in outright concern. Sherlock, in answer, looks as if he wants to vomit.
Bosco comes bounding back over after a time, tongue lolling and each breath a hot pant. He seems to have decided he wants some more human interaction, and Sherlock slides off the bench just in time to get licked in the face.
Mycroft nodded once. "His physician shared your concerns, and suggested to me that Sherlock might be under some form of severe stress. Sherlock told both me and him to leave him alone with several choice words that I see no reason to repeat, and refused to speak on the matter in any way. I stepped out of his room for twenty minutes to confer with his physician, and when I came back, he had left. Quite against medical advice."
of us just need a little bit of time. That we should wait until you're ready. We're ready. Because I want this to work. And what you just said... that's not
John isn't left behind and Sherlock isn't gone away and what more could he ever ask for? What else could ever make this right?
John is just about to press Sherlock for another deduction when he stops, something catching his attention. "Do you hear that?" he asks, more to himself than Sherlock-- broken microphone or not, the quality of John's old laptop over a Skype call is probably not all that great. Sure enough, Sherlock only looks confused as John makes to stand, frowning towards the shut door to his exam room. Shouting. He can hear shouting, from just outside. "Sherlock, sorry, hang on a minute..."
Sherlock finally wrenches one of his hands free, long fingers cupped to the side of John's neck and pressing right into his pulse. He presses so hard it's almost uncomfortable, an obstruction forced inwards as he tries to breathe, but he lets him do it without complaint.
Sherlock looks at John, an ex-army doctor that needs the chase, the battle, and to be important, having poured his heart out in an endlessly romantic, albeit mostly misguided speech, and he's feeling his hand tremor.
It was so abrupt, so unexpected, that John flinched back from the mobile. Could Sherlock somehow know he was right there, listening in?
"Yes. Let me fix things with Sherlock, and then I'll start fixing things with you. I promise. Whatever I have to do, Rosie." He rubbed her back again and let her tug curiously on his hair, bouncing her very gently. "Maybe we'll go to see Sherlock in a few days, when he's feeling better? Would you like that? He's missed you so much, you know."
The Sherlock he'd met years ago at Barts never, ever, would've needed that. The mere offer would've confused him. If he'd been bored or agitated during a dinner, he'd have just stood up and left, excuse be dammed. He probably would've come right out and said
Alcohol does nothing more than bind to inhibitory receptors in the brain. It leaves doors unlocked in the palace without his permission, and tips files over to spill their contents all over the floor when he goes looking for them. Cocaine is an entirely separate beast and it is one of glorious stimulation. Cocaine is like flipping on all the lights at once, new connections spiderwebbing and blazing in neon rainbow to map across his entire brain. Alcohol does nothing but expose old, rotting foundation, the flaws inherent in what it is to be human, but
Opiate withdrawal was the hardest kind, and he'd only just gotten over the worst of it from before. And now he was going to have to fight through it all over again.
decades later just to throw a wrench in the life Sherlock had built with his own blood, sweat, and tears.
He only wakes up at all with the spasm of Sherlock's leg, like a dog kicking in its sleep. It kicks John's own shin, and he turns over in the dim light, barely awake at all and feeling as if he's clawing his way out of a dark well.
He sends mind palace John away, and Redbeard with him. He gets the vague feeling that he sends the real John away, too, shooing him off to bed with a vague hand wave and the impression that he has a case that needs thinking about. In some ways, it's not even a lie. This is one of the most important cases of his life.
If you can call me across international borders for it, you can at least manage a fifteen minute taxi ride. I'm pretty sure I've taken care of him more than you have!" John rolled his eyes again, flapping an especially thick file in his direction. "Besides, I'm better at interpreting the bloodwork than you."
"Look," he started, and the back of his eyes still stung. "You're right. I can't have you around Rosie if you're using. Just like I'd hope you'd look after her for me if I was badly hurt or sick, and seeing me like that would scare her."
Mrs. Hudson is standing in his doorway with biscuits, and by the look on her face, she has heard absolutely every word.
and all the reporters will be taking pictures of us together, looking like that, and those will be the ones I post on the blog."
Mycroft, who is looking decidedly unimpressed, by Sherlock's desperate efforts to communicate. "If you think those are the only signs, John, you are a much worse doctor than my dear brother gives you credit for." He stands, and Sherlock flinches back while John jerks forward, he will punch his
Lestrade doesn't realise he's tried to say something at all, and neither does John. Lestrade is still busy looking about as if the ability to understand sign language might just spring up right out of the pavement, and John, meanwhile, has made himself at home against the wall of the apartment building, his fist pressed to the wall and each breath making his shoulders heave.
The politician rolls his eyes, like the display is childish, somehow. A childish and dramatic tantrum, and not his
His legs still felt a bit numb, and rather than embarrass himself shortly Sherlock caved himself to sit down, leaning against the arm of his chair. It was like being hit in the face with something he'd never conceptualised to even exist before and now he had no idea what to do with it.
"Very good, Mr. Holmes," Davis murmurs, counting the bills in his hands. "The same as usual? Which one?"
Oscar blinked up at him with wide eyes, looking utterly taken-aback and. Rejected? Insulted? Hurt? What,
And then, something crumbled, and he dropped down to bury his face in his hands. "Fuck," he gasped, the word muffled, "I thought I'd--" He took a great, gasping breath again, shivering down to his core. He looked thin and sick and stricken. But the instant Greg started to raise a hand in alarm, Sherlock drew even further back, flinched hard back into his corner of the sofa. He hadn't even needed to lower his hands to see Greg making an approach.
Sherlock sits there on the bathroom floor, holding a map to the grocery store in his hands, and... and he is stricken. His throat stings and it's suddenly all too much.
Sherlock sits back and interlocks his fingers, still entirely unreadable. He looks unbothered by it all, as if Mycroft is discussing any other boring case that he wants nothing to do with.
But he steels himself as stubbornly as he can-- passing out or vomiting right now is a good way to get the doctor to change his mind about admitting him-- and grits his teeth into as close to a smile as he can get. "No," he says, at least. when he's found his voice again. "No, thank god. A&E tends to be more dangerous than where I'm at."
was a circle of hell, John didn't even have words for what watching Sherlock Holmes undress would be,
"Experiment went well?" John asks, giving the nearest beaker a chime with his fork. The solution is sky blue and translucent, and John has a sneaking suspicion that this experiment was a very bored Sherlock determining if he could make an array of rainbow liquids using only household materials that don't include food colouring. "Looks like it was good, at least. You have my full support for anything that doesn't involve mould."
There is no answer, and concern spikes in his stomach. There were no tests or procedures scheduled for tonight, Sherlock's condition is stable, and even on the off chance that something
John stiffened. His hands suddenly ached and the angry knot in his stomach started to morph into something even more awful instead.
It's probably the most pathetic accomplishment he's ever had in his life, but after he's spent so long trapped in his own silence, he's more than willing to take what he can get.
"I'd ask you to use your magical taxi hailing abilities to call me a ride," John started, squeezing his fingers. "But something tells me you'd refuse to, just for the excuse to drag me back in there."
and he can feel that awareness in the way Sherlock vibrates behind him, the tense trembling of a string pulled so taut it's about to snap. He can feel how frightened Sherlock is, not just of Mycroft but of John siding with him, and that's enough for John to know he's made mistakes with this. He's made mistakes, pushing too hard on this point, and he's made mistakes talking about it with Mycroft behind Sherlock's back.
John, one step out the door and his sights already set on a long drive home, double-backed for one question more.
Sherlock rolls his eyes again, scratching a second check mark into the nearest limb, and drops down between John's legs.
On his way back into the city, John found himself unsure of what to say. Greg was driving him after a visit to the crime scene himself-- it was a long enough drive that carpooling was all but a necessity-- and after only a moment's indecision, John had told him to drop him off at his own flat rather than Baker Street. He'd promised to do better by Sherlock, but he'd also promised to do better by Rosie, and tonight, he could feel that the right thing to do was spend it with his daughter.
"Listen, Sherlock--" He swallows again, reaching for his arm. His arm that is bandaged and hurt, too, but it is safer than his hands, which just have no safe place to touch. "I'm sorry I let it get this--"
Rolling onto his other side is beyond him. He shuts his eyes again instead, curled as much as he can manage. There's a persistent throbbing, right there, deep in the center of his chest, a throbbing and a heat, and he folds himself around it until it bleeds out everything else left in his head.
The kitchen is silent, save for the sound of Sherlock's chewing, Sherlock's pen scratching, and John's silverware.
Vengeance, as it turns out, tastes like cheap tar, poison in his lungs, and the intoxicating rush of nicotine.
Sherlock closed his eyes, listening to the steady pounding of his heart underneath the clammy skin along the back of his neck, and breathed.
There is nothing for John to say, to this. Nothing that Sherlock would want him to say, at any rate, and so he says nothing. He kisses Sherlock and lets Sherlock kiss him back, and this,
This friendship was already more than he deserved, and it was strained and fragile. It was tentative, between them, and right now John wasn't sure how much pushing it could take. He couldn't open his mouth and ask for more. Because even if Sherlock would say yes-- Sherlock, Sherlock who was not gay or straight or, or
Another minute passed in thick silence. Sherlock stared motionlessly down to the table, his face still grim and expressionless, and Greg had honestly given up on getting any more out of him tonight when the next flat words came.
John bit his tongue hard. He made himself keep perfectly still, and especially his hand, still folded around Sherlock's. He knew it was important to let him tell this in his own way, in his own time, without someone sitting by to speak up and tell him that what he felt was
They were at Scotland Yard together, searching through boxes, boxes, and even more boxesof the most hideous organisational system Sherlock had ever had the misfortune to witness. He'd already inhaled enough dust that he was reasonably sure this was what it felt like to die of asphyxiation, and was ensuring to complain loud enough that any passing by officer knew it.
This is nothing. It is nothing at all, compared to what he has already seen. He was once a strung out idiot whose synapses were fried and his mind palace had been half-flooded, half-set on fire with the ever-present wreckage of cocaine. Even the mess that Sherlock knows he is now does not compare.
He ran a vigorous hand over his face, trying to bat away the sleep and jealousy and everything else that he already knew was a waste of time, because Sherlock would deduce it on him at a first glance.
He nodded warmly, but it wasn't until he'd stepped back an inch and withdrew from his face that Sherlock could breathe again.
"Come on," Oscar said, sitting back. "Oh, you're lucky this is happening with me, Sherlock. I'll be careful with you, I promise. Nothing that you don't want to do."
They sit together, on the closest thing to a kerb they can find. John a little stiffly, and Sherlock, as if his legs have all but gone out from under him.
"...sorry," John repeats, the words desperately distant and tiny, echoing in his ears as if said from a hundred miles away.
John keeps talking anyway. He explains to Sherlock where he is, what's happening to him, and the smaller, easier details of what is going on. He reads off the names of all the medications that are dripping in to him right at this moment, and recites every last detail that he can remember about them all. He reads his chart, and he describes the scans that are in the file, and the surgeries they did to him, and what every piece of his vitals means.
Sherlock jerks backward against the wall, rattling against it so loudly they both jump. At first John thinks something's frightened him again, but when he starts to move closer Sherlock reels back a second time, shaking his head.
Closing his eyes he tried to order his thoughts, his feelings. What was important, what needed the most attention.
"Different." Sherlock breaths as he settles and looks about. "Good. It is surprising how good it feels o been out of bed."
"True, but still thanks." John moved to the head of the bed and without any care or thought, lent down to place a kiss on Sherlock's temple. "Hi."
Sherlock could clearly hear the frustration, the anger in John's voice. He knew if John looked at him now he would also see it written all over his face, after all, John was an open book. Or so Sherlock had thought.
“I told him we had to get the umbilical unhooked ASAP.” Sally shouted back as she, Sherlock and Molly followed at a run.
"So, you are the famous John Watson. Sherlock here has said nothing other than your name in the last few days. He screams it, prays with it, begs with it. Always your name. You must mean a great deal to him."
"We should leave them. The sedative will wear off in an hour or so." Cathy said as she headed to the door. Mark and Steven had already left so once Mycroft stepped out of the bedroom Cathy closed the door quietly behind her.
"Listen guys, lets just talk about this logically. Sherlock couldn't have pissed you all off this much, not enough to kill us."
As the music increased in tempo Sherlock settled slightly, the creases easing, but his fists still clenched and he breathing ragged as he pulled in much needed air.
At once alert, Sherlock spun to face his assailant, and collided with a fist to his temple. Falling to the ground, his head hit the pavement with a thud. All thoughts scattered as his vision blurred and pain overtook him. Closing his eyes, he lay still, trying to breathe through the pain.
This person, this figment of his imagination had been with him since he found himself trapped and he really had no idea where he came from.
Shifting his attention he took in the man stood before Sherlock and with no doubt or hesitatency he raised his hand and shot the man through the head.
Sherlock watched as John's fists clenched, as his eyes blinked in reaction rather than automatically, as his breath caught as the sound of his own voice filled the room.
Sherlock smiled and blinked slowly as the cocaine flooded his system, heightening everything, he then frowned.
Sighing he turned his head away from the door and took in the room around him before his eyes landed on the other bed. It was empty, but its covers were a mess, clearly someone had been sleeping there. Staring at the bed for a while his mind tried to work through the clues. Mycroft wouldn’t have let Sherlock share a room with just anyone, yet no other clue to who he would be sharing a room with came to him.
"They told me what happened, what you did. We would have done the same in the end. It gives the doctors a chance to come up with what else they can do. I know doctor Ansari stayed up most of the night to come up with something."
Sherlock’s lips were on his in an instant and he knew he was lost, his doctors brain gone leaving just John, leaving the man that was so totally in love with one Sherlock Holmes.
“This is none of your concern gentlemen.” Coffey said as he stood on the other side of the table, one hand clenched at his side while the other rested behind his back.
"So... where are we going?" John asked trying not to wince as he was pulled into another vehicle, a black van.
A smile couldn’t help but form as Cathy watched Sherlock and John laughing with uncontrolled glee and happiness. They had been talking about life before the fall, before John’s dive into alcoholism, before the suicide attempt.
"Tell me John, if I did kill him, slowly pushed a blade into his heart, would you feel it? Every single inch of it, slowly killing what means the most to you."
"He told you he did that. That he just rang to hear your voice, but you didnt listen! You where so caught up with wanting a message that you never really listened to them! He...he..." Mycroft shook his head, his eyes closing. "I wont say it for him, but you know how he feels, now sort it!"
John let out a breath, his heart restarting at full speed. However, Mycroft still looked down at him with anger, as though the man thought that just a look would make John leave.
"Am I attractive to you?" She asked simply, her dark hair curling around her shoulders, eyes light green, skin pale, she knew she looked like Sherlock.
As for staying, it made sense, he couldn't leave, not again, not now not ever. He needed to be where John was, always, and though he knew that was just a little not good, he really didn't care.
The rig crew disperses, picking up helmets and diving gear. Some are studying the diagrams of the Montana's interior layout. John takes Coffey aside as the others prepare.
Sitting in silence as someone watched you so intently was nothing new to Ari, but having one Sherlock Holmes watching you was totally different.
“Yes we should.” He turned with a smile on his face that instantly left as he noted blood dripping onto the floor. “Sherlock?”
"Right." Sherlock nodded, he was still trying to place his mask back into place, but John's blues eyes seemed to see everything as they watch him and each time he thought he had succeeded, John brushed it away keeping him bare.
In the last twenty-four hours he had been given more blood as well as fluids. He had also eaten and though he was still in a hell of a lot of pain he needed to see Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to his, his defences were still down, his eyes overly expressive, and right now he saw guilt and sadness.
“You were sleeping John. You hadn’t slept properly in forty-eight hours, me and the doctor thought it best to just let you sleep. But now that you are both awake we can go through what is planned.” Mary looked up, her pale blue eyes gentle. “The opioid rout is obviously not going to work, your tolerance is too high.”
"Sherlock you were dreaming, it seems to have induced a flashback and hallucinations." Cathy said as she made her way to the kitchen and started to make tea and coffee.
Sherlock paced, his dressing gown flowing out behind him his hand running through his already messy hair his eyes worried as he waited for John to wake.
"He called every day!" Mycroft hit his umbrella to the ground in frustration. "He would listen to your voice, then hang up!"
“You done ‘Lock.” Sherlock rolls his eyes moving away from the middle of the room as Sally speaks up.
"Because I was a mess." John sighed looking down at his hands before talking again. "He spent a few nights with me towards the end. We got on and I enjoyed his company then when I thought he was in the shower I called you."
“That thing was probably their version of Big Geek... like an ROV.” Molly said as Beany ran over her shoulder.
The whole time Sherlock has been tracking John with his eyes and once the glass has been returned to the table and John is back leaning over Sherlock, their fingers entwined, Sherlock tries once more to talk.
"No... that is...fascinating." John's lips quirked slightly but didn’t turn into a full blown smile.
John sighed and slowly moved himself to sit up straight. It was stupid of him to sleep like this, his side protested with a vengeance as it started to pull and stretch.
“ You.” Coffey points to Sally, totally ignoring Sherlock’s words. “Why haven't you finished repairs on the hydrophone transmitter yet?”
"So, odd right?" Lestrade said from the otherside of the body while Sherlock knelt before the dead girl, magnifier in hand as he searched her.
"Still lying to yourself I see. Tell me, when he touches you what really goes through your mind? Is his touch you can feel? Or is mine?" Moran had him pressed against the glass door leading to the patio.
Kissing the back of the hand he lowered it and picked up the tea, blowing on the steam for a moment before taking a tentative sip and wincing slightly.
Sitting back in his chair he sipped at the god awful tea Anderson had made and just kept an eye, as his team did their thing and moved the rig.
He had been give the much needed blood transfusion and the self-operation he had to perform was in the end a lot simpler than he thought it to be. The distance the bullet had to travel to get to John had been such that the bullet had slowed and it had only gone a few inches before it nicked a rib and came to a stop.
"True." John dropped his hand to his buttons and started to undo them, once done he suffled on the bed slightly before pulling off the offending clothing and dropping the to the floor.
"Sherlock." The sound of his name of John's lips made him catch his breath, it was beautiful hearing his name said in that soft yet strong voice. "Sherlock I told him to tell me everything, I needed to know so that we could come up with a plan that would suit you. We can't keep you on pain meds because they will end up destroying your organs." John suddenly looked up at the doctor. "Why didn’t he have these reaction before?"
This was not good. Sherlock was in a natural coma, he was unresponsive, even the feel of pain gave no indication that he was even slightly aware.
"He had been taken up to ICU for now but we need to go back into the OR as soon as he is strong enough."
When Sherlock woke it was dark, the rain still hitting the window of the bedroom, the sound joinig with John's soft snores.
"Out." The therapist said to the orderlies. "I'll call you if we need help." The two men nodded and left without a word.
"Derek is ill, besides if anything goes wrong I'm the best person to have down there." Hitting a few more buttons he placed his hand over the release lever.
The house was perfect and John found he no longer had any reason what so ever to hate a thing about his father.
"Your mind is healing. Think of it as a computer having a virus if it makes it easier for you. It will take time to kill the virus, and the damage it has caused will last but you can build something new if needs be."
"Yes I am a ridiculous man, I'm a doctor who went to war, I run towards danger not away from it and you Sherlock scream danger and my god am I addict to it all ready."
"What? What do you want?" John gasped as Sherlock shifted, causing their growing erections to brush together through their clothing.
"I don’t care, you are John to me, your past means nothing, I only care for it because it led you to me. But now you are mine...that sounds good. You are mine John Watson, that is all I care about."
"I helped him to build it. When he was younger he had no way to store the information he was receiving. It caused intensive migraines, days of pain and extreme aversion to anything other than darkness. When I asked him what he thought caused it, he had simply said 'overloaded'. I took it upon myself to learn what I could, so when I came across mind palaces I saw no harm in helping him build it. He hasn't suffered from a migraine since."
"Yes." John again answered, this time as he brought the tea, giving one mug to Cathy and placing Sherlock’s on the coffee table before retrieving his own mug and sitting on the sofa by Sherlock’s feet.
Something was off. He didnt know what was wrong, but he knew this wasn't right. He had been saved...no...no he had escaped, on his own. He never had any help. So who were the two he had just been talking to?
"You kept him alive, you want him alive." Mycroft smiled causing John to narrow his eyes slightly. "After all, I'm sure you wish to finish your date, you need him alive for that."
"Hold him!" Someone shouted, but John had found his momentum and using his skill as well as the drive behind getting to the one screaming, he was not going to be held again.
“Of course, John.” Sherlock turned to the back of the sofa, allowing John to look at his head. Capable fingers moved through his hair until they found the wound. Sherlock hissed at despite John’s gentle touch.)
Back with the warhead Coffey lets out a breath as he pulls his hand out from around his back reviling the Sig Sauer and placing it with shaking hands onto the table as he took in deep steadying breaths.
"Of course I did." Sherlock opened his eyes taking John’s hand in his own and pressing a kiss to the palm. John watched him with dark eyes, lust building up in his stomach while love filled his chest.
“I know, but you will, once you get better.” John lent down placing a soft kiss just to the side of Sherlock’s lips. When he pulled back Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his breathing evened out and his body relaxed as the sedative took effect.
"I wanted to show how proud I was of you today, how you delt with Leatrade and Mycroft was exceptional."
Sighing John got up off the bed and made his way to the unit that dispensed the painkiller they had been using and frowned finding it turned up to the full amount.
As the ship moves it pulls on the umbilical pulling it hard so it goes vertical and goes as tight as a bowstring. As the ship continues to list the umbilical rips off ladders and floats sending them all into the water.
Sherlock glared at the men already sitting in the small sub his pale multi-hued eyes taking in everything about each and every one of them before turning to the controls and pulling on the headset.
When she came to, John was kissing Sherlock and damn she wanted more of them. Grabbing at John she sat up kissing him hard, her tougue darting into his mouth the taste of herself still in his mouth.
John continued to smile, his blue eyes not at all mirroring the smile on his lips. “I was just planning.”
"We are on our way John, the life boat has been dispatched and the helicopter is in the air, we are in our way!"
Sherlock suddenly screamed, his back arching up from the bed, his body spasming as tears flowed down his face. The scream carried on and on and then the sound of fists pounding on the front door finally reached John's ears.
John held Sherlock’s eyes then and just watched him. His breathing was shallow and slow, and when John pushed his free hand to the mans long neck he took a slowly thread pulse.
"So what is all this in aim for?" He asked as Sherlock got John's shirt open and ran his hands over his chest.
The door opened suddenly causing Sherlock to halt mid-swing, but it didn’t stop his movement as he dropped the extinguisher and pushed passed Schoenick and glare at Coffey.
"Okay, I'll right next door if you need anyhing." The therapist left through the door leaving the two of them totally alone.
John was fed up, his day had been long, boring, and all he wanted was to get home have a shower and then possibly find some silence in the bottom of his whisky bottle. Life had taken a turn for him when he had gotten himself shot, it put an end to his career not only as an army doctor but as a surgeon. His hands were his tools, made him what he was, but now he was nothing, just a man, on the train, wanting to get home and just sleep.
“What?” John asked as Sherlock sat up and looked around before picking up the control to the TV, the TV normally kept in the living room. Turning it on the video Mycroft had brought started to play.
"Right. You have a few hours’ kip, then you really need to dig that bullet out before it’s too late." He patted John’s arm and then he felt as someone else started to undo the bandage on his other arm. Wincing as the dried gauze was pulled from the bullet graze he waited.
In seconds John’s crew got to work prepping everything for Flatbed to go back down and unhook the umbilical. As Coffey appeared climbing out of the cab, Sally jumped up and into the cab setting the control in seconds.
"Resting." He was able to force out, the effort of just saying that one word a massive drain on his reserved energy.
John concentrated on his breathing as he finished and washed his hands, making sure to do an almost surgical scrub because it was the only time he got the chance to really clean his hands.
"You’re not mad because I came, you are mad because I'm risking my life, this could be dangerous, especially when we detach for the storm." Reaching out he grabbed John's left hand and looked down at the wedding ring still on his finger. "Why are you still wearing this?"
“You're early.” John said as he continued to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, his eyes watching Mycroft.
“Okay.” Warm lips kissed his temple then John pulled on another glove and started to clean, then redress the wound.
"No, of course you wont. Fine... HEY!" John suddenly shouted, not caring about his dry throat, his beating headache or the pain in his wrists as he continued to pull at the restraints, he wanted out, he wanted to go home, he wanted to fucking punch Sherlock square in the nose.
"I tried little brother, I even started the process of infiltration when word got out that you had escaped. I searched for you, but you went deep underground."
His hand gripped John's as another wave ripped through him, his eyes closing as he fought back the scream in the back of his throat as well as the tears and the words that at any moment would be begging for something, anything just to keep the edge off.
"Stop...stop Sherlock, just...here." He pushed Sherlock back before reaching for the bottom of his own shirt and pulling it up over his head. Sherlock quick caught on and soon they were both blissfully naked.
Cathy watches Sherlock uncurles himself from the sofa and stood slowly, his eyes track Cathy yet as John moves closer his hand reaches out and takes hold of John's hand and pulling the smaller man to him.
Pulling the shirt down over Sherlock’s head after helping with the arms John found himself staring up and into Sherlock’s unbelievable eyes, the colour of them still a total mystery to John even after all the years they had known one another.
"I have a proposition for you." She paused for a moment, waited for Sherlock to look at her before she continued. "Stay, as guest. We have family quarters here for when patients need extended therapy with people that mean the most to them. You both need help, and I think keeping you apart would be the worst thing I could do. John showed compassion today, it is the first time he has shown anything other than anger and guilt." She looked at John as he shifted from being unconscious to simply being asleep, something made clear as he moved in Sherlock's arms and sighed as his hand found Sherlock's coat, his fingers clenching around the material.
“I’m worried that would set him off, but the more pressing matter is he is immune to his pain killers.”
What was clearly a vehicle of some sort floated up out of the abyss, it was over sixty feet across and made out of what looked like blown glass, its interior made up with delicate and complex moving parts that moved and pulsed with the blue-violet glow that lit up the whole area around him.
John closed his eyes leaning his head down next to Sherlock’s and just breathed as the whole last half an hour replayed over and over in his head.
Before the man even fell John was moving. Reaching Sherlock he gently placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face and tilted it so John could see him.
Sherlock turned slightly towards John but the movement seemed to cause pain as he suddenly arched off the bed with a scream.
Looking down at the body before him, he let his eyes run over the fully clothed form searching out for an clue as to the cause of death, hoping that his skill as a doctor hadnt completely gone after nearly three years of disuse.
"Sherlock, we need you to wake up. Please just open your eyes, or squeeze my hand." The sensation of his left hand being touched made him look down, but even as he moved his fingers he knew that movement wouldn't translate to his physical body.
Dark grey, a ring of it around his irises, contrasting with the lightness of the other colours, bringing them into sharp focus. Sherlock really did have the most amazing eyes.
Molly stopped then spun around facing the two men before her. “We're right in the middle of this big-time international incident. Like the Cuban Missile Crisis or something.”
okay so tiny chapter because well the next chapter will hopefully be a lot bigger, I just needed a little bridge of a chapter before starting on the next part.
"Habit." Sherlock moved the cakes to the table, removing the only thing between them. "I wont bite."
Keeping her hand still she watched Sherlocks face, the slight frown of pain, yet the pleasure of it all so clear on his face.
"Well then, I think in that case I will just count my blessings." John's hand moved gently over Sherlock’s arm and he could feel him trembling slightly.
Silence falls in the room, Mycroft watching John as John watches Sherlock. The two men know what John is asking is almost impossible, but it could be done. John want’s free of his past, a past steeped in blood and death, a past he fought against in every dream.
The ICU was an open ward, the beds some distance apart, the lights low and the noise level even lower. It was a stark contrast to the chaos that had been the ER. Here nurses sat at the end of each bed taking notes and constantly watching vitals, here the patients were so close to death they had to be watched around the clock because even the smallest of changes could be the difference between living and dying.
John fell to his knees, his hands at Sherlock’s belt and trousers. Within a second John had Sherlock’s cock in his mouth and Sherlock had no choice but to hold on to whatever his hands could find, so John’s head had to do.
John thought, He was pretty sure that Sherlock was bleeding internally, it was the only thing that could cause Sherlock to continue to get worse. If he had his bag he could do more, possible find the bleeding, give painkillers and just do more than plug the wound with his fingers.
Smiling slightly, he shook his head, of course John would have saved him, but he was glad he had done it himself.
However, Sherlock’s arm tightened around him ad then soft lips pressed against his neck followed by a sigh.
"Right." He lowered his hand, his fingers fidgeting before he pushed them into his coat pocket. His brain felt foggy, dull, slow. But his emotions were high, exposed and beyond sensitive. He felt totally exposed, each and every emotion running over his face for everyone to see no matter how hard he tried to hide.
John had always been an inigma to Sherlock, yes he could read him, read his actions, his past days activities his intentions for the next few, yet John always surprised him, always did something he could not forsee or understand. But this, this silence, this total shut down of everything, he understood. After all he had become a master at hiding his feeling, his thoughts, his wants, his needs.
Pushing his way through the crowed, forgetting about his leg, he battled his way to the man with the most amazing eyes.
Sitting crossed legged on the floor Sherlock just stared, willing the wall to disappear, tellin himself he had put it there he could get rid of it. But it refused to budge.
“Well, you know Sherlock, too damn focused, son of a…fuck!” John pulled his hand back as he jammed his finger with the wrench. “He didn't leave me... he just left me behind.” He muttered as he sucked on the cut on his finger.
He found no missing or broken limbs, no wound to his back or head. From this position the man looked totally unharmed. Going back to look at the man, John once again pushed back curls.
The Leviathan, an off shore, deep sea rig, holding a crew of ten, the first and only of its kind was on the move.
“Umm.” Sherlock responded his hand going to his side as John went back into the bedroom to grab his bag. When he returned Sherlock had his eyes opened and followed him as he knelt on the floor pulled on some gloves and started to undo Sherlock’s shirt.
“Yeah, we were just leaving.” John answers grabbing Sherlock by the arm and pulling him out into the corridor and then heading towards the control room, the rest of the crew following close behind.
John tried to keep his breathing slow and calm, to just be the rock in Sherlock’s storm. But he found it hard to hold himself back, from showing any emotion and so he tightened his hold and found himself pressing kisses into Sherlock’s curls.
"Maddie trust me." John said turning back to the nurse. "Just go, do what you need to do and you will be back in under five minutes."
Silence fell between them. It wasn't uncomfortable, it was nice. It allowed the two of them to process what had been said. For Sherlock it added a whole new depth to John, but it also allowed Sherlock to understand just how much John was trusting him with this information.
"Thats just it, we, me and Sherlock, talked about this. We don't just want the child to be ours, we want it to be yours as well. We want us all to be a family."
“I promise you this though, whenever we get what we both want I will make you wish you never left.” Lips brushed his ear and then John was gone.
"Meaning you left on single line of the web intact and it is has a new spider determined to fix it."
Sherlock nods to John as he and Mike steps into the moonpool and slowly made their way to the edge and then dropped slowly into the dark water below. As the reach the sea bed Sherlock takes the chance to look around at his beloved rig, to take in as much as the damage done but keeping his focus on the task ahead. As they walked, pulling their own air umbilical’s behind them, they walked through the wreckage with little Geek following behind like some sort of loyal dog. As they reach the first valve assembly, the thing that would give them much needed air and time, Sherlock turns to Mike.
“I saw it John, it was…it was the most beautiful thing I have seen. The light it produced was breath-taking and the mechanics of it, the way it moved, glided through the water. So unlike our own craft, so unlike this huge tin can. It was perfection John; it was everything I could dream of designing yet would have no idea where to start.” Pushing away from the wall Sherlock stood over John, something John had first hated about Sherlock but now he felt his heart rate increase as he looked up. “You know me John, you know me better than anyone. I could never make something like this up, hell if it was anyone else I would be telling them how stupid they sounded. But this is me John! Please, you have to…please.”
"No." John shook his head. "He doesn't. He jumped, he killed himself, he left me..." His voice caught and for the first time in weeks tears stung his eyes. "He left...he died...he...he...lied to me...all this time it was a lie!"
"Get the fuck away from him!" He yelled seeing red and going to attack the closest person to him, but arms wrapped themselves around his upper body, pinning his arms to his sides.
John took another step away and then followed Molly as she ran back to the mess hall where the only TV lived.
John stood in the kitchen as Sherlock talked to Mrs Hudson. She had arrived less than a minute before and John had been able to get himself into the kitchen with out her getting too close.
"I see, so you were just wanting to use me to do what you couldn't." Anger started to cloud his voice.
"Oh...oh John I am so sorry!" He whispered looking down at the still passed out doctor. John had tried to kill himself, he had also showed signs of stress just before passing out, stress linked to Sherlock’s fake suicid to Sherlock admitting he would have done it no matter what.
He pulled on his coat with a spin and a flourish, bouncing up on the balls of his feet to whirl about right there in the space of his sitting room. A case, a
been meant to do? His own life, for John's happiness? He'd have sacrificed it willingly. He had. But she'd looked at him and seen someone just as expendable as Oscar had and now she was dead.
Another silence settled, this one at least marginally more comfortable than before. Sherlock kept his head bowed and leaned into John's side without resistance, hair brushing his shoulder, his fingers locked back together and almost unnaturally still. "So," he said finally, his voice rough. "What does... what exactly does
He wants to find every single person responsible in any way for the devastated body spread out before him, his genius brain turned off by sedatives and his amazing eyes heavy in a morphine-supported sleep, and he wants to tear. them.
"If I may. I hurt myself and you, John," Sherlock said, still frowning. "And you-- did hurt me, yes. But you also hurt yourself."
But... the way the other professors had talked about him. The annoyance, and in some cases, the barely concealed, outright disdain.
The specimen before him is not remotely intelligent enough to make such deductions, and skips straight towards swinging a punch instead.
John tries again. "No? Nothing? Come on, don't be like this. I know you can see it. Or are you annoyed because I didn't commit a murder for you to solve?"
play is like all his Christmases have come at once, and... Sherlock can't exactly say no to that, can he? He lives for praise, and
Whatever it was that Sherlock had been so worried about happening tonight clearly had not been a problem after all. Sherlock was... enjoying himself. He was out on a date, that John had all but dragged him to go on, kicking and screaming, and apparently everything had just been a smash hit, because Sherlock was still there. With Dr. Slug in a Suit. Having a
He sat there with stitches still in his face, and he looked at John like the sight of him in his doorway was all his Christmases come at once.
He still can't see Sherlock's face. So he's not at all ready for it, when he smacks himself across the face, and tries again.
Dr. Slug in a Suit landed sprawled on his side, wheezing like a man who'd just been sucker punched and holding the bleeding cut on his face. He flinched backwards from John, already squirming on the pavement like the slug he was. "Take my wallet--" he started, and he flinched backwards again, harder than before. "You can take my wallet, you can have--"
They had killed Maddie with no regard, a clean shot yes, but still, she had helped them, had helped John save Sherlock and now she was gone.
“Right here, this will help, just try to keep breathing, in and out as slowly and as comfortably as you can.” John had gloves on, a syringe in hand which he was putting into one of Sherlock’s IV lines.
“John-“Sherlock got out before his body started to fit which caused John’s fingers to become dislodged and the blood he was keeping at bay started to flow once again.
Silence hung heavy as John finished, he dares not look at Mycroft, because if he did he knew he would see what he felt, hopelessness and fear.
They stared at each other for a moment longer, both of them communicating without words, a skill that had in the past come in very useful.
He like the tube better simply because there was less risk of some idiot setting of a firework near him, so on the fifth of November a night that landed on a Friday he found himself rammed into an underground car heading for Bakerstreet, a journey that would take fifteen minutes.
"You okay?" Sherlock asked, his hand now placed over John’s heart. Enabling him to pull John closer.
Sherlock had in the last few second fallen unconscious once again, his position straining his chest, making it hard to breath. He had also lost a hell of a lot of blood.
"Right." John nodded slowly, his eyes looking down at his covered wrists. He hated wearing anything that showed his wrists, that showed the long scars going up each one. "Shame I could t fight against myself."
Across the room Maddie jumped as she woke, her eyes wide with fear, but John only glanced at her before looking back to his friend.
“From what our men have told me it can take a while to work.” Mycroft said as John took off his gloves and disposed of the needle.
John fell asleep around one,  just as they put in the very last film, the one Sherlock had yet to see and if he stayed up to watch it, who was their to tell.
"No, its good, this is all good." John answered as he smiled brightly, something he hadn't done in a very long time.
"No...no hold on! Sherlock hold on!! I can't hold you, god please!" Sherlock felt himself slipping, felt as his arm slid in John's hand but he kept his eyes John’s blue tear filled eyes.
Something serious must have happened to him, something affecting his ability to leave, but no matter where he looked within his palace he couldn't find a single reference to what that thing could be.
"Mr Holmes is right John, you are being held against your consent." The nurse was taking his vitals, noting them down on a tablet. "Atleast until you can be seen by the mental health doctor."
John turned then, his eyes still dull but it didn't worry Sherlock as John lent up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
"Right, because everyone would spend an hour with their hand in someone’s gut for no reason what so ever. You're right, you’re not at all special." She winked at him as the elevator door opened and she stepped out leading him back down to ICU.
"John needed to continue his therapy with regards to his haphephobia. We had been able to get him to eat here, close to the end of meal times, before you had arrived." She sighed looking down for a moment before looking up at Sherlock her face sad but determined.
Sherlock studied him for a moment before standing and closing the distance between them, but not moving too close.
However upon opening the door to his home Sherlock knew that most of the damage done had happened on the night John ODed. Blood still covered the floor where John had slit his wrist, the needle he had used next to the hospital issue knife, again blood covering the blade.
Letting his eyes flutter close, John sighed into the kiss as his hands found Sherlock's hips, pulling him forward so that they are pressed together from hips to lips. Sherlock kissed like an expert, yet John was pretty sure this was his first kiss, he was gentle with his demands, but demand he did, he wanted to touch, to taste all of John's mouth, from his lips, wet and cold from the rain, to his tongue, hot and yielding as Sherlock continued to explore, with his own tongue and teeth.
"You, here, on the stairs. The last time we were here together we both ended up running from the police."
John hadn't realised he had finally given into sleep until he was woken by arms wrapping themselves around his waist, pulling him back till lips could be pressed into his hair and warm breath ghosted over his ear while long legs tangled themselves with his own shorter legs.
“I know.” He reached out then, his hand running gently over the back of Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock flinched away then his eyes flew open and he stared at John.
John had faught, he had faught well, disarming Moran in seconds, but John was week. He didn't have the strength he once did and Moran had him out cold within a minute, leaving Sherlock with the man he feared the most.
“To sleep, we go to bed to sleep.” John pulled back taking running his fingers gently over Sherlock’s face. “We go to bed to cuddle, to talk, to sleep.”
"Nope." The man shook his head, his hands lose by his side. "Not yet, you have deemed yourself not ready."
"This is real Sherlock." He whispered. "You are  having a vivid flashback and I will help you through it. But I need you...please I need you." He felt stupid and weak as his voice broke and tears started to fall.
"I'm here Sherlock. I'm real, you came home, returned to me and...and you're safe. Please just remember you are safe."
Halfway up the crane is pulled hard by the weight of the rig. The winch man looks up his shoulder slouching as his eyes close and the crane is pulled from the deck into the see, the winch man falling in with it.
Looking up at John he offered a small smile. The man looked better than he did a few hours previously.
For a moment John looked across the street at him, before walking past Mary and headed down the street.
"He's having a flash back." John said as way of explaining, stepping aside as the three entered. However before they reached the bedroom they stopped as Sherlock appeared at the door a knife in hand, his eyes wide and totally unseeing the real world around him.
"How is he?" Mycroft’s hand tightened slightly in the umbrella he was once again holding, something John only noticed because he was sat right next to the hand.
"So they want me to talk. No idea what I am to talk about but here I am talking." A sigh. "I don't know what this is accomplish." This clearly not to Sherlock but to whoever is with John.
"You need to leave." John said causing Sherlock’s heart to stop, but he stood all the same. "Not you Sherlock."
"I've seen people in the ICU before, but never like this." Mycroft said looking to John, something he found the older man to do when he wanted something explained to him.
John sighed and lowered his head till it rested next to Sherlock’s, his left hand clenching the covers while his right rested over Sherlock’s frantic heart.
Using mirrors and with a hell of a lot of pain meds he was able to extract the bullet as well as a few scraps of fabric, he just hoped he got all of it.
Lowering Sherlock’s hand back to his chest, John lifts his own hand and runs the back of his fingers over the sharp cheek bones.
All movement stopped though they both held each others eyes and that helped John more than he cared to admit. Sherlock was real, he was here he was safe and most definitely was not dead.
“I’m John Watson, formally of the fifth Northumberland fusiliers, doctor, surgeon. MI5 sleeper agent. Trained since childhood, I have no family, Harry is a former agent, I treat her as a sister after her wife was tortured and killed before her eyes. I haven’t been active for nearly six years, my last assignment involved Moran, the mistake I made was leaving him alive.”
Leaning against the now closed door, Sherlock sighed as he looked around. A version of John always joined him in this room, but not this time, this time the John of his mind palace kept away, just like the real John.
John for his part wanted to crawl across the sofa and curl up on Sherlock's lap, but two things held him back, he didn't know if Sherlock would like it and he didn't know if he would deal well with it. He wanted to convince himself that he would be fine because he would choose it, but then what if Sherlock touched him without asking? Could he handle that?
He felt Sherlock take in a deep breath, the air shuddering out of him as he wrapped his arms around John's shoulders and pressed his face into John's hair.
"Oh thank god." John moaned as Sherlock opened his eyes. "I know, I really do. But you need to stay awake."
John turned to look at him then his blue eyes dark, his expression unreadable. They held each others eyes for a time then Sherlock looked away.
“Sherlock.” John lifted his head as Doctor Ansari appeared. “I’m your doctor, it’s good to see you awake, but as I’m sure John has already told you, we need to put you back under.”
John licked his lips his eyes trying hard to find a part of Sherlock that was here, not trapped in the past. But so far Sherlock saw John as an image conjured up by his mind, as something to protect against what was really happening to him.
They lived in a happy bliss they hadn't thought find again and now that they had it they where afraid to let it go, to return to the real world, to the problems that still lingered between them.
“Turn your back John.” Sherlock begged his eyes suddenly filling with tears. “Please John, turn your back.”
“Well we were due to go back out on the same ship.” John answered as he looked over the hoses, now still as the two below had reached their destinations. “We were to do six months of tests, six months of none stop boring test.” John groaned as he remembered. “Anyway, if you were married, you got a state-room. Otherwise it was bunks.”
“I’m right here…. I’m right here, right here.” John kept saying this over and over, he kept on telling Sherlock to come to him, but the man wouldn’t move, so he just kept on talking to him, telling Sherlock that he was right there and he wasn’t going to leave.
"I have been assigned to the two of you only. My fellow doctors have a good relationship with my other patients and so they will be taking over their care."
"Umm." John nodded as his eyes closed and he just gave in and let his head fall back to rest on Sherlock's shoulder.
"You still need to recover. The drug is out of your system but I watched you walk up the stairs. Your leg is still bothering you."
Contact between the two of them seemed to be a very crucial thing. This was good in one sense, but she saw it being a problem if they both became too dependant on it.
"Sherlock has explained that you have both ran into issues when it comes to advancing your relationship to the next level."
"Just...this sounds so pathetic, can we just cuddle?" John ducked his head, heat flooding his cheeks. But then Sherlock was pulling him down till his head was resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
“Why Mr Watson, I never knew you cared.” Sherlock said smoothly a smile on his face which cause John to smile back.
I'm not sure if this makes sense...let me know because I have been fighting with it and if it doesn't work will have to start again with it. Thanks in advance x x
Sherlock shuddered, it was a full body shudder that started from his center ending at his hands, feet and head.
“It means... whatever happens is up to us.” Coffey says as he pulls out another gun and processed to load that as well.
“Ah. Fair enough.” John kissed the top of his head then just led there, running his hand over Sherlock, as Sherlock just relaxed into him.
"Exactly." The man turned to him and shrugged. "They are just about to learn that you are in a coma and it has nothing to do with the meds they have been giving you."
The sound of the kettle being switched on brought him out of his thoughts, his eyes opening to watch as John prepared two mugs for tea.
Blinking slowly he stared up at the ceiling for a moment before turning onto his side, tucking his hands under his head and finding Sherlock led facing him with worried filled eyes.
"Sherlock Holmes if you dont at least kiss me sensless right this second I will walk out of here and don't expect me to return any time soon."
He knew that on the otherside of the door lay the cure to his pain, the medication that had helped keep part of him awake, that helped him to sort through his thoughts even as they dulled him. It was a a huge contradiction really, they helped but they didn't.
“Of course I am.” John almost shouted. Mary's eyes reacted, sending a wave of guilt through John that caused him to lean against the wall, tilting his head back and hitting it against the wall.
Minutes passed before he started to feel himself regain control and he slowly took in another deep breath before slowly letting it out and opening his eyes.
"John?" Mrs Hudson’s voice sounded, closer than it should have been so he turned to her slowly, finding her close but still out of his own personal space.
Sherlock’s right arm was dislocated and he need to put it back in before dressing his friend. So with a practised hand he slowly moved the arm into position and then in one quick twist popped it back into place.
Once sat down he placed his head in his hands and just breathed, letting the air clear what it could as he started to gather his scattered thoughts.
At that moment Coffey had entered the moonpool, his body freezing at the sight of the water lifting out of the pool. What little sanity he had left, leaves at the sight, his mind completely blown.
"I know, Cathy was just explaining. She thought this was some sort of waking flashback, but I'm not so sure."
"You sit through the first three with out a single remark, but come to the original and you can not help yourself." John smiled as he sat back on the sofa after placing his plate on the coffee table, Sherlock’s arm automatically lifting allowing John to return to his position against Sherlock’s side.
"Oh." This was a first for him, nightmares he was used to but not this, not reliving it in the way he just had. "John?"
"Is this real?" John's hands were on his back, holding him, warm on his bare skin, his fingers moving ever so slightly sending small tremors through his body.
"Seriously it's fine, no orders to force you lot to do anything." Moran was leaving but John needed Maddie to leave.
The smile John gave him at that moment caused a flutter in his chest that spread a warmth through the rest of his body.
"Yeah. Okay." John turns and walks back towards the flat. Once there he knocks three times before opening the door and stepping in.
His catlike eyes are half-lidded and glazed, silvery grey that rove sightlessly across the ceiling. They're watering easily, not tears but a simple biological reaction to being shut for so long and drugged so heavily, and John moves to thumb one trail away. His face is still freezing.
Proud. Because he manages to be something approaching a functional human being, that must keep schedules and work to manage what everybody else does as easily as second nature.
"I agree," she said easily. "I believe the danger was very real. That also doesn't change my assessment."
I want it more than anything. I love you. But if we're going to do this-- and we don't have to! Forget all that fucking
"You know, show the public that you're up and running again, taking cases after everything that happened with Culverton Smith. As long as you start out slow-- you're not really up for doing much more than taking a look at the scene." He paused, still gently trying to coax him forwards. It felt a little like he was trying to cajole a wild horse with a carrot. "And Greg's right. We were both getting pretty bored, locked up in the flat... god, we were actually talking about our
"I am angry," he said, when he could be sure he could at least get the words out calmly. "But I'm not angry at you."
"Mary has also expressed a wish for assistance against Magnussen. Justifiably so- after her first failed attempt, he has drastically increased security, and will be watching for her in particular. I'm uniquely qualified to assist, even if only in the planning stages, so-"
Mycroft tilts his head, his pale eyes searching between the two of them as bugs pinned under sheets of glass. Sherlock starts to gesture furiously, his hands shaking and his fingers tearing through the required motions like lightning, but Mycroft only rolls his eyes, interrupting before Sherlock's even halfway through whatever he wants to say. "Brother mine, you are being ridiculous. We both know I can get the papers signed, whether you fit the criteria or not."
He really would like to personally dissect every single viral fragment in his body. But for now, this will simply have to do.
She fusses over him, even feigning sleep. She tucks him in and touches his cheek, feeling for a temperature; she pats his hair. He wonders why people have such an obsession with hair. But then, he loves it when John touches his, so he's no better, is he?
Sherlock tosses an apple (thank you, John) hand to hand. It's dark and noisy and horribly uncomfortable, his room glowing green and blue with the light of the monitors and his tablet.
actually looked like. Or whether that was even important. Sherlock was uncomfortable at Tesco's but in his element when taunting a serial killer, for god's sake.
"I know what he was trying to do. That doesn't mean that it helped." Sherlock folded his arms tightly, still a thrumming lightning rod, like he'd been set on fire and was burning inside. Burning all the way to ash. "He was even probably right to do it, in the beginning. I found him two days after I dropped out of school and I was a walking catastrophe. I'd say that Mycroft exaggerated whatever he told you, but I'm not sure that's possible. I had panic attacks, I couldn't eat, I was still throwing up and now I was a very new drug addict. But he was kind to me. He let me sleep in his bed, and he let me eat his instant noodles for free, and he let me insult him and scream at him and be a generally be a vile, terrible, awful human being. And I got better. But he didn't change, John. He never stopped feeling guilty and he could never stop treating me as that same stupid boy that showed up at his flat and had a panic attack when he smelled alcohol."
Something of his thoughts must've shown on his face, because Sherlock glanced at him again and his eyes softened, from serious back to teasing. "For the record, I actually didn't care what he had to say much, even back then. It was more knowing that they'd had to cut pieces of my stomach out of me, and that I'd thrown up blood all over one of my professors. It's a shame-- I think that one actually liked me, before that incident."
John reads the note. He blinks, and reads it a second time. His face does a strange, curious thing, one that is particularly difficult to read underneath already red eyes and congestion and the deep creases of the pillow.
Sherlock is on his feet and panting, his nostrils flared and eyes blown wide in incandescent fury. He looks like a wild animal, almost, chalk pale and all corded and tense, and god, there's no other word for it-- he's frightened. Oh, he's angry as all hell, and he'd be shouting if he had his voice and he might just start shouting anyway, through sheer stubbornness and fury alone. But he's frightened. Sherlock Holmes is frightened.
"...Okay," John said, when the silence had stretched on just long enough that Sherlock almost thought the subject to be dropped. "I'll make you a deal, Sherlock. I'll water- uh, Milgram-"
They go through a few more exchanges, Donovan's vocal responses somewhat cryptic and unhelpful as she continues to tug Sherlock's hands into place. After a few back and forths, she frowns, letting go. "There is absolutely no evidence that the scene was staged."
Sherlock swiveled back to the centrifuge, edging his voice to be as haughty and caustic as he could make it. People didn't like him at all, but they really didn't like him when he sounded overtly hostile like this. And he had not come all this way to make time for idiots. "Dr. Wilson, you said? I've read his research on organic polymerization. It's truly fascinating-- why don't you go make yourself useful and track him down, for me? I want an interview."
Sherlock had agreed to see this man again because he'd thought it would make John happy. That was it. Because it had never once even entered the genius' mind that John loving him back could be possible.
"--and all we needed was one bloody word before you go running off a cliff all half-cocked, Sherlock, all I'm
cup of coffee ever produced in a police precinct. Which is a shockingly difficult bar to pass, but he thinks this one does it. Perhaps his first words will be a lecture on the ideal manner by which to produce a cup of coffee.
apologetic that she had been caught up so violently in the case, though he wasn't quite sure how to say it- but she was quite all right, in the end. Also certainly never wanting to go on a date with John again, but quite all right.
to see a therapist. John's complained about it to Mycroft, but, ultimately, that's the end of that line. If Sherlock says no, Sherlock says no.
"You're sure?" he asked. It was now the third time that he'd asked today alone, this time waiting with his jacket done up and his bag over his shoulder. It was a stupid question. He was already standing right by the door. "You always said my interview skills were horrible. If you--"
is a good ending to a blog post! John really should let him have a go at it-- he's absolutely positive the people would love it.)
He can feel the pressure in his throat, a dam that allows air but swells to suffocate him whenever he tries for anything else.
Thank you for all the comments/kudos!!! This is probably's Sherlock most Not Good chapter. Luckily, John's available as a Sherlock translator ;)
what you're using all those fancy new resources of his and tax dollars for, and I'll make such an unholy scene down at your office about it that you'll never be able to keep it quiet.
Sherlock hummed an affirmation, the razor back against his skin. John did the math again-- Sherlock probably would've been in his mid-twenties, then. It was... a bit of an age difference, sure. But things had been different back then, hadn't they? It certainly seemed to have ended amicably enough, anyway. For Oscar to have been hugging him and giving him his card and... saying he'd
"I think there's a bloody difference between lying on the sofa for a few days and clinical depression, Mycroft."
Sherlock stares at him, his eyes hard and glassy. He curls his fingers together loosely, a slow, rhythmic stroking, the same way he thumbs around a cigarette or sucks on a pen. His face remains entirely expressionless as the deductions flicker through his brilliant head.
Next chapter is a bit more of a filler one for some good old-fashioned hurt/comfort, to give a rest between all these important ones. Then, it'll be time for the last hurrah!
Dr. Small just shrugged, his gaze lowered back down to his desk in ill-disguised boredom. "I think I'll live."
"I do think it'd be good for you. For us, I mean," he corrected, because the last reason Sherlock would take this case would be because it was
It will be his own wishes being completely overridden, and having nightmares just like last night's but waking up in an unfamiliar bed with only a nurse and sedative by his side and John a hundred miles away back in London.
Once again, Sherlock merely fidgeted. He looked like he'd give anything for this conversation to be over, and still seemed to have a serious difficulty with actually looking John in the eye.
"Sherlock," he says again, when the gasps have calmed to something just this side of sustainable. "I'm
Sherlock smirks, curling his frozen fingers in his lap. Clearly, John has written those two texts very, very particularly, every single word chosen only after extreme deliberation.
"He doesn't seem all that excited about it. Or happy, or... normal. At all. I know Sherlock's not normal, but I really think he only even said yes to the date to get me to shut up about it." And since when had Sherlock done that? When had Sherlock not taken John's nagging as a challenge to be stubborn and dig his heels in and fight like a damn bull? "He acted strangely at Cambridge as well. I don't know what was wrong, exactly, but he definitely didn't want to be there."
"Get some sleep," he whispered. Somehow, his hand ended up in Sherlock's messy hair, and he brushed one long curl out of his eyes. "It'll be okay in the morning. I promise."
He knows John can protect himself. He knows John is infinitely capable of holding his own in a fight and that just about anyone who would willingly challenge him is an idiot.
Now, let's try labelling the chapter right this time and not falling prey to the backdate bug... annnd, onwards!
"Please," he scoffed. He slipped another scrape back over the pavement, just far enough to be out of reach. He touched his lip gently, eying the blood on his fingertip rather than John. "And ruin Sherlock's reputation as well? My name wouldn't be the only one to be dragged through the mud. And I daresay those
Sherlock made tea. He stood in the kitchen, with his back to John, and he made tea. He stood there with his back to him and he drank the whole thing. He drank it, and then he clattered the empty cup down to the counter, and he stood there with his back tense and his shoulders hunched and every inch of him radiating a low, thrumming energy that was almost electric. It was like the air itself was being turned to static, infected by the anxious anger overflowing out of Sherlock because all six foot two of him was too small to contain it.
And here's the ending! Thank you so much to everyone who's commented/kudosed along the way, and I hope you enjoyed!!! Happy tenth anniversary :D
Irritation twinges inside him, a sour annoyance that just barely blankets over hurt. He'd expected Mycroft to show up, but not like this, and he doesn't know what to do with it.
He waits for Lestrade to take the suspect from him, but every additional second it takes for the inspector to make it over there is like the swelling of a storm cloud. A dark, heavy, dangerous storm cloud, that promises flash floods and lightning and pouring sheets of rain that thunder so loudly over the flat that it sounds like soldiers marching down the streets outside.
Which means Sherlock is clearly the only one to actually notice as he scurries his way down to street level.
Sherlock-- writes a line. He scrawls a bullet point down, long, sloppy letters in a shaking hand. He moves down, and starts a second. God, he's
He tried, he really did but the earth just gave way causing more rocks and dirt to fall down into the sea below him.
"Yeah, it's going to hurt when we move him." He looked up and smiled brightly. "Which will be any minute now."
"Well after being a doctor for over twenty years I would hope I have some skill when it comes to looking after the human body."
John stood leaning hard against his cane, yet not really taking the weight from his leg, his blue eyes watched as people got off the train, the relief clearly shown on his face a seats became free and he was able to finally sit. As he turned to finally face Sherlock, Sherlock felt his breath catch as those amazing blue eyes fell on him, looked straight at him and he just couldn’t help it, he smiled, which in turned cause John to smile back.
"Radiation is nominal. The warheads must still be intact." Coffey's voice came over the com and Sherlock’s responded.
For example, when Sherlock resurfaced after closing his eyes for what felt like seconds, John had changed his clothes as well as shaved and had a shower.
That was how this case came to Sherlock’s attention. A mother begging him to help find her daughter, a good girl only in her first year of Uni. For some reason Sherlock had jumped at the case. A week later they had found the daughter as well as dismantling the massive organisation she had found herself held by.
"You two don’t stop shooting off glances at each other, and I swear you have some sort of magnetic connection."
Sherlock, you should have been back five minutes ago,” a voice laced with warning called out to him.
"John, you have missed all your medication for today. Do you think it best to take some?" Cathy had been sat in the dinning room, waiting since the sun had set for John to wake.
"Yes." John nodded sadly. "But realised my mistake the moment you said no, so I let you go. But you had already gone."
As he entered the dinning room he made he way around the tables, taking a bit of a round about rout to keep away for the other people in the room. Reaching the conservatory he paused as he took in the scene before him.
"Take him off the sedative!" John suddenly shouted. "Take him off and give him the anti-drug to wake him up."
Finding it draped over the back of John's chair she frowned, pretty sure she had kicked it aside, she also noted the boys clothing folded neatly on the coffee table.
"This not healthy Miss Carter." Mycroft said  as he straightened his suit and looked over at her as she took in the two men on the bed.
Waking up from reliving the explosion was surreal. Once moment he was led on his back, John pressing down hard on his stomach, the next he was sat up with John knelt before him, yet the pain was exactly the same. It was like it really had all happened again. His whole body shook as he tried to do as John ordered, but he couldn’t.
Then he starts to stand up, and finds himself blocked by a bandaged lump of a hand, catching him right in the chest.
Because surely this experience wasn't normal. He wanted to believe that this, and feeling like this, was not how a Proper Date would normally go. That how Oscar made him feel wasn't normal, and he felt like this because of Oscar and Victor, not because this was how he was supposed to feel, what John wanted him to feel. Because this was... he felt
And right now, Sherlock is content to curl himself up and around his tea, nudged into John's side, and let John stroke his hair.
was eventually going to make it worth his while. Sherlock had just rolled his eyes and parried back that at least he'd done
John was just going to have to do his damn best to actually earn Sherlock's forgiveness, and make sure he never needed it again.
John swallows, forcing his knees to bend as he sits himself back down at his side, not quite able to meet his eyes. He still wants to hit something. But that won't accomplish anything, nothing at all, so he is reduced down to simply twiddling his thumbs, all because Sherlock can't.
detail about the ridiculous scene he sees right now, and save it in the closest thing he has to a mind palace of his own.
He starts to straighten up. To curl his gloved hand to hammer a fist against the nearest wall, or wave his hand, or perhaps just dance like a trained monkey to get their attention, because he doubts whether anything else will even work.
He went quiet for a moment again, his eyes still down on the table. His expression looked curiously calm, a twisted parallel of John's own anger and disgust; it was as if Sherlock had passed off everything he should've felt and given it to John instead.
He forced a smile, bit by bit. Every inch felt like swallowing a lemon, but he did it anyway, and he joined Sherlock at his side, gently prodding him into the street with just a wave of his phone. "One hour," he promised.
No, he's not. Not particularly. If this is meant to be an apology, it's not one that Sherlock had imagined. He doesn't think this is John's attempt to say
"I'll do it," John rasps. "Give me the keys. Now!" It takes the inspector a moment to connect the dots, realising the handcuffs and Sherlock's still pinned hands, and John only moves off the stunned officer on still on the ground when Lestrade drops his keys in his hand. "And get
It's nothing impressive, or challenging to play, or... well. It's not good. Sherlock uncaps his pen and realises he doesn't know what to write; it's as if the block is still
"There we go," he said, and smiled again. "What would you think about teaching that class for me, next term? Sebastian's?"
that it is still there. He hates the silence they forced into his flat and he hates what they have done to John by proxy. And if he thinks about it, John offering to give him the ash of their cremated bodies for him to experiment on to his heart's content just might be the most romantic thing anyone's ever said to him.
off now, but John pushed his chair just close enough to kiss the corner of his mouth and didn't let him. Because he could do this, now. He was allowed to kiss Sherlock, and it was as impossible as it was incredible. "Come on. I
Sherlock smirks to himself. John may not be the best actor in the world, but he does play a very convincing drunk.
His face heats up, burning uncomfortably hot even as he buries it back into the tired blanket dragged loosely around his knees. Sherlock digs his fingers into it as well, carefully isolating a single loose thread to spend the rest of his day unraveling.
Sherlock shoos him away while barely looking, and makes no effort to hide the needle. The needle is a misdirect, anyway. The ashtray of powdered sugar next to him waits innocently, and the vial of much the same is positioned perfectly in the hollow of the dictionary. The real cocaine has already been tucked securely away into the flour at the very back of one of their highest cabinets. Because apparently, they have flour.
It's also, very clearly, taken just about everything he's had to get through it, and what happened to him in that house wore him out so badly he's not up for anything more than getting back to someplace that he can feel safe.
we're going to do this, it needs to be because it makes both of us happy. Not just me. And to be sure that it does, I think you... I think
He stood there and looked down at where he was again sprawled on the pavement, and this time, where he'd had the good sense to stay.
Lestrade still didn't bother to so much as lift his head. He looked about as bored as Sherlock felt, and he didn't make any move whatsoever to pour him any coffee.
John glances back at him, prepared with a grim smile, but the look of genuine worry on his face is enough to make him soften. Sherlock certainly makes it difficult, what with holding nearly the entire world at the most hostile and rude arms' length imaginable-- but Greg truly does care about him. Sherlock pretends to be nothing more a career-boosting consultant, to him, but Greg does what he can to look after him. Whether Sherlock accepts it or not.
His old teachers, when discussing what to do with him, what class (or closet) to put him where he wouldn't be
"Believe it or not, your brother isn't the antichrist. Though he is still more annoying than you." He folds his hands closer around the mug and frowns at the chess set himself, looking worn. "I don't really know why he came over, to be honest. I think he's just... worried about you."
with him, not really, John was just being excruciatingly careful, but if Sherlock could only tempt him enough...
Then he stows his phone back in his pocket, and returns to smoking the last of the cigarettes he'll get before John comes to snatch them out of hand.
He shakes his head again, panting and desperate. He lets John hold his arm and swipes at his eyes with the other, rubbing his sleeve over his face, each breath a wince and a whimper. It hurts more than John can take. "What's
Stitches turn into scars. Scars join his growing collection. The deep, driving agony begins to soften, joining the pain in his back and joints from his two years away and two months spent bleeding in a Serbian hole.
"You've been sitting there for the past two hours, trying to decide whether or not you ought to bring up that you have a date tonight. Frankly, by this point, even I can see it's a bit rude; you should've texted her long ago if you really didn't intend to go." He gave his violin a sharp strum, catching his fingers in the chalky strings, and John just kept on sitting there staring at him and for god's sake, this was
"Hmm. Something like that." He smiled very carefully, very slightly, and gave a gentle tap to her phone. He hoped neither could smell the alcohol on him. "Do you recognise my date as well? Highly respected Cambridge professor, Nobel prize winner, happily married for fifteen years?" He waited for the pieces to click to wink. "Just keep your eyes on me, please."
There is simply no reason to keep him here any longer. There is nothing physically wrong with him that needs urgent medical care. He is still hurt, and weak, and
Sherlock takes in a long, deep breath, shutting his eyes to gather his wits back around him. He sits there on the edge of the bed, looking to be a complete mess and his composure in shreds, but he draws himself up and breathes, and just like that, he stops shaking.
asking for is for you to just let me know--" He almost kicks the nearest streetlamp, looking absolutely furious. "God damn it, why don't you ever
It takes another minute or two, of Sherlock's great, heaving sobs of breath, John waiting behind him. He can't touch him yet, no matter how badly he wants to. He clenches his fists and keeps himself stock still and he waits, talking him down with only the trembling of his thin back to go off of.
The inspector starts for Sherlock's right side, leaving John to keep a hold on his injured arm. "Can you stand?" he tries gently, but Sherlock yanks his hand out of his grip as if burned. "Sunshine--"
and not even Sherlock has enough control over his brain to turn it off for a full eight hours, but he still lies down like a good, normal, proper human being and he shuts his eyes for at least a few hours, every day. Even on a case! It's a waste of time and it's hideous but he does it, he does it even when he wakes up with a scream caught in his chest but never in his throat, and John obviously knows he hates it, but what else is he meant to do? He can't turn the nightmares off. He's
. I wouldn't call him Greg. I kept being as awful to him as I could, I thought-- I just wanted him to get it over with and stop being
He doesn't have it framed (yet). Instead, Sherlock makes tea with honey, and texts Mrs. Hudson that John is ill, and he makes even more tea with honey. John sleeps. He makes more tea. Mrs. Hudson comes up with soup and pushes a warm bowl of it into his hands, with instructions on how to heat it up later and telling him it's sweet, how well he looks after John. He makes more tea with honey and throws it out and presses the heel of his hand to his chest and counts all the words that he can't say in the space of the silence.
He refuses to talk about Mary, the baby, the divorce, or anything at all remotely relating to his pending ex-wife. He doesn't even seem pleased that Sherlock is working on the case at all. He refuses, and ordinarily, Sherlock doesn't really care what John
John took a deep, deep breath, squeezing his eyes shut. He held Rosie closer and listened to her babble and counted to ten. Like Ella had said.
A more normal person might take John to a new restaurant. A fancier, more expensive restaurant, with even fancier and more expensive cake. Something with a French name and menu, so Sherlock could sweep John's menu from his hands, and then order for him, right there in front of him and in flawless French. Sherlock is not normal. He's also not that trite, overly cliched, or
"...been good seeing you, Sherlock," he was saying, just as John made it within earshot. "Consider it? I'd love to catch up."
He keels over in the kitchen, his knees trembling underneath him as one hand grasps at his chest, as if trying to claw out a deep pain there. Sherlock knows the feeling very well. He gulps in air, increasingly loud and horrified, Sherlock's pointed scrawl as sharp and dangerous as a knife to the stomach. Perhaps this is what Sherlock looked like yesterday, on the floor of the morgue.
Sherlock grins back, letting himself drop back to the bed and John's arms. "I like four syllable words," he breathes, which is quite possibly the most pointless, stupid, and non-romantic statement anybody has ever said,
"It's not a direct parallel, of course. But as you do regard me as an authority figure, in certain, very specific roles, and you are already accustomed to obeying orders, I... determined it would be worth it, to attempt a Milgram experiment of my own."
this is tedious. How slow are the police, exactly? Does he have time to light another cigarette? He is sitting here on a now angrily swelling ankle with this
Sherlock waved at the words, brushing them away. Irrelevant. Of course he'd come. The case had needed solving, yes? A case wasn't solved mid-kidnapping. Nor was it solved with Sarah Sawyer and John in the hands of Chinese mobsters.
Sherlock looked away, seeming to shrink, a little. To just fold inwards, with his arms still gently curled around his stomach and his fingers twisting in his shirt. "You were meant to be happy," he said softly, and...
," Sherlock snapped. Forcefully. Too forcefully. John wanted to tell him to stop, that he didn't have to go on, but Sherlock was already stampeding ahead and the words were too fast, like they were festering inside and he had to get them out. "He promised me he'd help me. He said that we'd do whatever we had to, for me to be okay. Then he got me drunk and fucked me. Then I woke up alone, and with his schedule of classes that he expected me to teach in my hand. He hadn't--" He blinked, and the hard glaze of anger was finally culled under an innocent, almost childlike confusion. Like he wasn't hurt by what had happened, but he didn't understand. He just didn't understand. "It was as if he didn't remember anything at all that we'd talked about just the night before. Except I
"Mary was... exciting," Sherlock started again, his voice wavering. "She was supposed to be enough. She--"
Oh, let's be honest. He lost count of the days after spending x number of them drugged unconscious, and y number
If Sherlock even listened as he recounted what he'd learned today. At this point, he wasn't sure if the world's only consulting detective could even care less about this case.
John looked back down to his laptop, waking it back up and scrolling to his email to take the pressure off of Sherlock. Because he'd meant what he said about honesty, but he also meant what he'd said earlier, too. If Sherlock wasn't ready to talk about it, then he didn't want him to feel forced. They could wait. This could come in stages. Some things didn't even have to come at all.
Though this time, rather than Sherlock meta, it's commentary on upper academia and the story Sherlock told in this chapter.
, even if only in his head. Sherlock still had things to say and the will to say them, so maybe if he just let him try; maybe if he sat there only as a silent cheerleader to wait and to listen, his mind palace would take him past the finish line--
But what he really wanted was for Sherlock to be happy. And the way to see that was not to put a premature end to the first time Sherlock had put himself out there in over a decade.
He sent John another look, grinning and sure of himself enough to burst, and with so much endless, unquestioning
"You are special, you know," he said, leaning his face back against Sherlock's. "You are incredible and amazing and the most special person I'll ever meet, and it's not at all just because of how smart you are. You could lose half your brain cells tomorrow and you'd still be just the same amazing idiot that I love today."
The visible bruises, at least, were gone. The subconjunctival hemorrhage was finally fading, his left eye no longer a stomach-punch of dark red but instead a fainter yellow as the blood drained. The stitches in his brow were almost ready to come out-- John would probably have him sit down under the brighter kitchen light in a few days-- and just by the way he was breathing, more unrestrained, deeper, he knew his ribs were healing well, too.
The pieces click, and whatever there was left of John's tentative good will towards Mycroft disintegrates like he'd just squashed it as a bug under his foot.
John stared at him again, torn between confusion and a rising impatience of his own. "And how did you even know I had a date?" he asked, which was perhaps the stupidest line of questioning he could've decided on. "I only met her yesterday at Tesco's, none of this was planned-"
They didn't remember him as a genius that hadn't had the patience for paperwork. They talked about him like he was an idiot. They talked about him a bit like Anderson and Donovan had, before the fall, just with an extra smear of professionalism-- that he'd been
He wanted to say it was Oscar. Oscar was the bad variable, here. He was at fault for the failed experiment, and if Sherlock had come here with anyone else, anyone else at all, it wouldn't have been like this.
"I'm not just talking about cutting yourself or whatever you're picturing that you've never done. I'm talking about the drugs. I'm talking about jumping off bloody rooftops and planning suicide missions. I'm talking about all these harebrained
There is an ink stain on his face, one splotch of wet blue just underneath his high, glorious cheekbone, and John focuses his sleepy attentions on it. "I should probably tell you to stop bringing leaky pens to bed," he teases, rubbing his face clean. "Or at least to stop chewing on them."
I love you," he whispered into Sherlock's skin. Those three words, those words right there, Sherlock didn't think he'd
John grins breathlessly back, the hold in his hair releasing. "Making sure." He lets his head thump back and still strokes his hair, the skin warming underneath Sherlock's hands. "Good, because--
Sherlock lingers at the back of the group, smoking irritably against the wall as they all bicker amongst themselves, stupidly picking out the least-stupid way of approaching their suspect. Sherlock has several foolproof ideas, each assuredly less stupid than the ones being passed back and forth between John, Lestrade, and the others, but Donovan is not there, so nobody's asked him. Donovan doesn't tend to listen to his opinions on such questions anyway. She only barely, and with much begrudging, listens to his insights on crime scenes. She has no respect for his opinions on police procedure or protocol.
Inside the room was a man and a woman. The woman was dressed in a nurse’s uniform, but it was dirty and as she looked up John saw fear in her eyes.
"Yes, for as long as you will want me here." After pulling off his coat and gloves he made his way into the kitchen, always keeping to John's five foot circle that he placed around himself.
The journey to the hospital was dull. He had been given the choice of taking the train or having one of Mycroft's cars take him. He chose the car, he wished he had choosen the train.
“You can, you can have whatever I allow and I allow that.” John tightened his hand around Sherlock’s fingers. “The only problem now is that we now have to put you back to sleep.”
"I killed a family in Iraq. They had a large villa. At least four generations lived there, grandparents, aunties, uncles, sons, daughters. I set the charges, blew the house, shot anyone that tried to leave."
“Okay, so the explosion, was it just coincidence that you were on the train or was the bomb…did he do this to get to you?” John found himself suddenly on guard. This man, the man the brothers thought had planted the bomb had been here, just down the hall, he had helped John.
Turning fully, Sherlock slowly sunk down to sit on the stairs as John came and stood on the bottom step causing them to be at the same hight.
So sorry for the long wait on this guys, I've had a hard time finding the right path for this story. I'm still not totally happy with it but we shall see where it goes from here.
“Experiment, ‘tis fine, trust…I...oh.” Sherlock moaned as the room began to spin again, forcing him to close his eyes.
Silence rained, it seeped into the room as John watched Sherlock, as the therapist watched John and Sherlock watched as condensation built on the side of the plastic cup and slowly dripped down into the table.
“Okay.” Leaning forward he gently placed a kiss to fevered skin before placing the knife in Sherlock’s hand. “Protect yourself.”
"He's in recovery." She assured placing a gentle hand on his arm as John visibly slumped but kept stranding. "Come on, doctor Ansari wants to tell you what went on."
“I’m not sure, I just know those with minds like him have a way of saving everything they learn. He is doing something right now, it’s just all happening in his mind. I guess when he is in there he has no sense of his physical form.” He paused and frowned. “That is a bit worrying.”
“I don’t want to.” John watches as Sherlock’s eyes fall to his lips, watching as John kisses the back of his index finger, before looking back up and holding John’s eyes.
The paramedic looked between the two and smiled. "Perfect match it would seem. Second date on the cards?"
"Too much effort." John murmured back, Sherlock only understanding because of years of talking to John in a exhusted state.
“Sherlock, it’s okay. You’re safe.” His eyes shot open at the voice his eyes falling to John, sat in a wheelchair, his blue checked dressing gown from home wrapped around him. The cut on his temple had stiches, his hair was clean and he had had a shave.
Looking up from where he sat on the sofa, he took in the two brothers. Mycroft was in his three piece suit but the tie had been pulled at and the top button undone. Sherlock had no shirt, but white bandages where wrapped around him in an attempt to keep his wounds safe. John had done what he could, but he wanted Sherlock to go to hospital, soon, so that he could be stitched up properly.
He was trapped, bleeding out and who ever fired at the ambulance was now coming through the back of the vehicle.
"John." John was heating up, his heart rate ridiculously high, his eyes more than likely fully dilated.
His words seemed to unlock Sherlock’s movements because in seconds he hand gone from still to grabbing John and pulling him onto his lap so that John straddle his legs.
In his mind the sound of Sherlock’s scream as he pressed on his wound echoed endlessly through his mind, even when he tried to drown it out with songs from the Spice Girls it continued on. So now he just let it play, let it torture him to the point he could hear nothing else.
John nods before jumping into the pit, grabbing Moriarty by the stained shit he wore and pulled him up till the thin Irish man stood, moaning in pain as John pushed him to the side of the pit.
"Yeah, I'm fine." John answered his hands wrapping around Sherlock’s wrist as he tried to move. "No, stay. I really am fine."
Turning he took in a man totally out of place in the chaos of the ER room. His suit was pristine, not even a crumb of food dirtied it, he was leaning on a very elegant umbrella and his slightly red coloured hair was perfectly quaffed. But it was his eyes that gave him away, that made him just like everyone else in the room, they showed the fear that was a very real, very tangible thing within the four walls of the ER.
Coffey suddenly stands, the room falling silent as he and Schoenick leave the room. Watching them, Sherlock narrows his eyes catching the blood running down Coffey’s hand.
The last time, John had nearly done what he had before, but in the end Sherlock had done it to himself. He had started to pull his IV lines free and then went to sit up, at that point he screamed and fell back onto the bed as he clutched as his stomach, tears streaming down his face. Just before he passed out John had taken hold of his hand and held it tightly, as Sherlock screamed again and then promptly went out like a light.
John heard the words in his head on replay. Distant, as if they'd been said by somebody else, somebody else entirely. He blinked too.
"Yeah," he said, and made himself smile back. "I know this was Molly's shift, but after last time I figured we could... hang out a bit. If that's all right."
John has already intervened to stop one unruly, potentially violent man from letting loose on a receptionist today. It has gotten him a hospital visit, a week at home on the sofa, and one heart attack in the making. He's no wilting lily of a bystander, but he's also more than put in his due diligence, today-- now would be right about the time to pretend he hadn't heard anything, keep his back turned, and just go home.
to get away. To what Mycroft sees as massage and music therapy on a chaise lounge with the ocean and horseback rides just out the bloody window, and to what Sherlock will only see as locked doors and needles and forced therapy where he is not allowed to say
Who had been there on Skype, possibly overhearing the shouting, watching John vanish off screen with little more than a goodbye.
Sherlock's eyes flicker dangerously, searching between John and the open door behind him. John starts to move back, thinking he wants him to shut the door, but catches sight of the spilled IV pole on the floor instead. It was taped securely in, and with Sherlock's hands bandaged so heavily, and the one arm entirely out of commission, he hadn't been able to tear it out. It was dragged in here with him and tumbled on the floor, the medication drip stalled without gravity to help it down.
"I have already told you that Janine made up all those stories for the press, mostly to justly pay me back for my deception. No, I never made anyone
The first nine chapters are almost entirely complete, and the last one is fully outlined, so currently, I plan for updates to come every few days. I promise I'll never leave you hanging for too long on a painful cliffhanger ;)
John strokes his hair and says, "I told you so,", but Sherlock gets a week-long couch cuddle out of it and as much tea as he likes, so who's the real winner, here?
John's smile goes even softer, somehow. He looks almost fond as he shakes his head, turning back to his tea. "That's what I thought."
They ate. John interrogated him for details on their latest case and took notes for his next blog post, and Sherlock kept trying to steal his pen to scratch out the the puns he
Sherlock narrows his silvery eyes, once again reminding John of a great panther cat. Even if he could speak, he looks like he'd rather just sit there and glare at Mycroft until he leaves. Mycroft seems quite content to meet his silent glaring right back.
Sherlock grimaced again, like he'd tasted something sour. "I might need to never speak again, if it continues to prompt conversations like this."
More than an hour earlier than Sherlock had expected, and more than two hours earlier than the end of any one of John's average first dates.
"Are you telling me. That you have called me home from dates, out of work, and across countries... that you have sent me
Something flickered across his face, very quickly, gone so fast John couldn't tell what it was. He dropped his chin back against his fist, staring down at a beaker of something dark and murky before him. "My intention was never to interrupt your wedding."
Then, he once again pulled himself up to his full height, and turned his back on him without another word.
He doesn't bother asking how John knows about them. John spent several weeks working as his doctor and stand-in nurse, while Sherlock was sedated into an almost-coma and breathing on a machine, and then days after that when he was conscious enough to be aware of it, not conscious enough to protest it. Of course John had seen them. John had probably had hours to stare at them uninterrupted, cataloging, diagnosing, and defining each and every one.
He supposed there was no point in nagging Sherlock to wear a tie. Sherlock didn't wear ties... he wasn't entirely convinced the man even owned one, beyond what he'd worn to John's wedding. John wasn't sure Sherlock could even tie one himself, and to tie it for him was really just one step further than he wanted to go tonight.
He supposes there are some silver linings, after all. He's not so sure he would've been able to say those words aloud.
Beside him, Sherlock went very, very still. The hand playing with his hair froze solid, and Sherlock's smile dropped in an instant.
(Milgram is a Rattlesnake Plant, chosen for several reasons, but... mostly just because of the name. Also, we know if Sherlock got a plant, it'd be something exactly that ridiculous. Want to know the explanation behind Milgram's name? Keep going! But the short of it is, Sherlock's a nerd and so am I~)
He expects the neutral face of one of Lestrade's other officers to appear in the doorway. He does not expect to see Sally Donovan, quietly emerging around the frame.
"Sherlock," John said, his chest filling with love, and affection, and pride, "is a dozen times the man you'll ever be. You think you could ruin him? He's destroyed men greater than you could even dream to be for breakfast. His reputation has already survived so much more than the likes of you. You're
and deep down in the basement, where no one else can hear him, Sherlock screeches out a laugh. It's earsplitting and mad and echoes through the entire palace.
"But we can't risk him getting rid of the evidence, so-- Sherlock? What are you... oh, fine--" Lestrade sighs, even going so far as to lift his arm as to allow him better access to the cigarettes in his pocket. "And we don't even know for sure he's home at all, I don't think that's a good idea..."
John knows the very last thing he should do right now is touch Sherlock. But he also knows the way his arm is pinned behind him is causing him no small amount of pain, and it would be unbearably cruel, to make Sherlock have to fight through not only his own fear but that pain as well, to make it back to him. "It's okay," he says again, turning through the keys; his hands are clammy but steady and he's so
"Will not," he muttered, impudently, almost like a child. Then, "never do,", and John's amusement collapsed in on itself.
Sherlock smirks, a glimmer of light in his eyes for the first time all morning, and sets about resettling himself even more firmly into John's arms.
Sherlock took in another small breath, his gaze flickering back downwards. His face was clouded and unreadable, and John wasn't sure what to do with it.
After another sip of tea, the look on his face suggesting it tasted even worse as it cooled, Mycroft continued on. "As I said, I don't know much of the specifics. What I can tell you is that the first I learned that something untoward might be going on was when Sherlock's violin tutor called me in his second year, to tell me that Sherlock had elected to stop carrying on with lessons. He said it was because he was too busy with coursework, but she told me, in confidence, that it had been a good decision. She could see that his heart wasn't in it anymore, she said." He frowned again, curling his hands closer together. "She thought that he seemed depressed."
The sound of footsteps comes just soon enough that he knows Mycroft must have agreed to send a car. The footsteps are only John's, which is unsurprising; Mycroft doesn't do legwork, and he especially doesn't do it when there's ice on the ground and it's just starting to snow. He also certainly wouldn't do legwork with John, at the moment. Not when John is most likely to lead him into the nearest skip and conveniently trip him into it.
Sherlock waved his hand from his ball, not looking at him. "Absolutely not. If I called him Greg now he might simply die from the shock of it, and then I would never get an interesting case again." His mouth was tight again, but this time it was in the way that John knew hid a smile, that very small, but very genuine smile, and his heart melted just a bit more.
"Your face is always on a tabloid, Mr. Holmes. Although I think I'd have recognised you, anyway-- I'm a huge fan of the blogs. Both of them, actually." Francis shakes his hand vigorously with a huge smile, not letting go until Sherlock has unrooted himself enough to finally shake back. "And I suppose what I'm saying is, it would be very remiss of me, if I didn't get to have the great Sherlock Holmes deduce me before this is all over. I'm sure you've built up quite a lot to say."
But John at least did not seem worried, and that helped. It meant he did not think there was something to be worried about. "Well, why don't you open it and see?" He looked away under the pretense of sweeping up another armful of toys, but it really was a waste of time-- Sherlock could see him watching him out of the corner of his eye with every turn. "It's nothing bad, I promise."
Sherlock grunted, his shoulders dragging down and his head low and his face just wrecked. "My internal organs have each been separately wrung out like a flannel, and then deposited into a blunder together by Mrs. Hudson. Eleven times." He covered his face, his next noise edging into an outright moan. "Oh my
"...Ah." He looks back to his phone, flicking again through the messages in a bad show at apathy. The turmoil underneath shows in the increasing pallor of his face and the clench of his fist around his phone. "Yes. Well. You understand, John, it took--"
of this story. Maybe if Sherlock wanted to tell him, someday, but-- not like this. Not sitting in their destroyed sitting room, hearing the feed of information from Mycroft, because Sherlock wasn't even
is exhausted-- and more than a little bit put out on how his day has gone. One six foot tall mountain decides to get hopped up on PCP, and next thing John knows, he's laid out on a cold gurney with a probable concussion and the promise of being stuck at home for the rest of the week.
They are Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. They live on stakeouts and Chinese takeaway at two in the morning, and say
Sherlock flinched back as badly as if Greg had smacked him. He pressed backwards away from his hand and then jerked back forwards as if on a string.
Sherlock smiled again, very slightly. But it was tired, under the surface, very, very tired, and it fell as he ducked his face back against his hand, rubbing hard at the lines and wrinkle of pain in his brow. "I very much do not want to talk about this," he insisted again.
"Sorry," he murmurs, pulling the chair closer to the bed. Part of him wants to just give in and cry, but he can't do that. This is not about him, this is about Sherlock, and he swallows the grief back through sheer force of will alone. If Sherlock can hear him, if there is even the slightest chance that Sherlock can hear him right now, then John is not going to make him lie there and listen to him cry. "Had to go tell your brother off for something. Don't worry-- I think he learned his lesson."
His words trailed uselessly off into nothing, collapsing underneath something that was so miserable, so
. Sexually attracted to other men. Not interested in Irene Adler, or women in general, in any romantic or sexual manner. G-A-Y.
"You're okay," he swears, for lack of anything else to say. He traces his fingers gently down his cheek, trying to give him something to focus on. "It's all going to be okay, Sherlock. You're safe here. You're so safe. Do you hear me?"
"Yes and our next step would have been to have his anchor, you, to leave him for short periods of time when others came to see him. But instead you left him to face his sister alone."
As the power came back on Sherlock brought the cab back under control and looks down at his hands as they shake slightly.
Sherlock looked at the man as he curled up on his side, his hand placed under his head. "Will you be here when I wake?"
"He wouldn't care either way. I've not seen him for weeks." John looked up and tried not to let the fact that they were extremely close get to him.
The flat was cold, but then of course it was. Mrs Hudson had been surprise when Sherlock had walked in, her eyes scanning behind him in search of John but finding him alone she had slumped slightly but placed a well meaning smile on her face.
It wouldn't be till much later that he realised that he never gave the man that had helped him his name, so how the hell did he know it.
"Kiss me." John interrupted, knowing that what Sherlock had to say would break his heart, it would hurt, but first he needed to kiss him.
"The torture was the easy part, the pain reminded me I was alive. But the sleep deprivation, dehydration and starvation was what nearly drove me to the edge."
He watched her as she seemed to go through everything in her head then she nodded once straightened her back and walked towards Moran without a word.
