Tony jolts. He's no longer in the beautiful clearing. He's in an office. Creamy beiges and deep mahogany accented with blues. "What?" The pain is gone. So is the blood. Tony looks down at himself to see he's dressed in his favorite t-shirt and lounge pants. He's also sitting in a plush high-back chair. In front of him is a large ornate desk, and seated behind it is a woman. She's dressed smartly, her hair pulled back in a neat bun.
On his knees and obviously injured, Tony's head snapped up. His arm, cradling his ribs where the tail struck, tightened in fear. Far from riding a dragon, the man - from the folds of his long coat - pulled out the next best thing: a crossbow. A fucking crossbow.
Both rode through the high, eyes shut and breathing heavy enough that the hot breath of the other tickled their skin. When they finally slowed to a stop, Tony collapsed on top of him, chest heaving with the exertion. Steve wrapped his arms around him, holding him tightly as they came down.
"Rude." Steve tossed the piece of lettuce he had retrieved from Howard's hair back at him. The jokes didn't bother him; he knew that Howard supported their relationship. Crude and juvenile humor was just how he showed he cared.
But Tony shook his head, looking angry with himself. "Stark men are made of iron."
Bruce tried, he really did, to sound serious. "I never kid, Captain Rogers."
Natasha grabbed the mic and handed it to the paparazzi behind her. Tony smirked, ducked his head, and got into the car. He was really grateful for her.
"Okay," she conceded, standing up, "Okay, that's fair. But if you need to talk-?"
Not every significant other would be so understanding.
The feeling of Tony’s cock, heavy and hot against his tongue, had Steve shivering, his own erection trapped inside his pants. With a pop, he pulled off, leaning onto his haunches to undo his pants and pull out his length. Tony stared down at it, mouth agape, a little bit of drool leaking from one corner. "Do you want a taste, Mr. Stark?"
Jarvis, his butler, his friend. The man who had warned him more than once to be careful where he stepped, dead and gone but immortalized in an artificial intelligence. Tony had a knack for bringing the past back to life. Howard lifted his head and found Tony's eyes locked on his. They would find a way.
Tony is already reading, his eyes going wide as he takes it all in.
Thor was quiet for a moment, the unspoken words hanging between them.
Vision clearing, he turned toward Bruce and locked his eyes with his, letting Bruce know that he was back, but he was broken.
Steve nodded solemnly, "I did. And I admit: It was really hard at first -- when I first started dating Tony -- to accept what I thought you had turned into. I had to separate it in my mind. And I have to do that now as well. You are not the man who raised Tony.
"Careful, sir," Jarvis warned. Tony waved him off.
. But," she said, taking two steps backwards, "if he were to get some closure with Howard, he may not blame himself. He may not chase Steve away.
It scared Steve a little when he realized how easily Tony could have been taken advantage of. In that respect, at least, his media persona worked. No one tried to get close to him.
Steve bumps his shoulder, his eyes dancing. "Hush, you." He bends his head and kisses him sweetly, going a bit red at the whooping from the others. "Anyway!" He tries to speak over the ruckus, but honestly, Steve should know with this group it's like herding cats. Tony quirks an eyebrow, trying not to laugh as Steve fights to regain some sort of control over the noise.
"Somehow hiding it better, but he's a mess as well. You're definitely needed, though neither will admit it."
"Yes," Thor purred, his eyes darkening. "Yes I would like that." His voice was like gravel, husky and deep. "I would make you take me into your mouth after. To taste the real thing."
Tony sat, dropping his facade with a frown. "That obvious?"
to give them bang for their buck. It's headlining or nothing. They're not paying $500 for front row to see us sing five songs."
Steve not entirely straight? He might believe that. No one had known Tony was bisexual, it wasn't like there was a particular tell to see if someone was gay. Hope bloomed in Tony's chest, but he squashed it. Even if Steve was some form of
"I really could use a nap with my favorite pillow."
"He's inpatient. Easy to anger. Irritable. Mean." Fury looked tired and old. "The you that was left behind is merely a shadow of you. He has none of the jovial, excited, pain the ass-ness we see here."
"Hill said she picked up unusual energy charges just south of midtown." Using his other hand, still stinging from the smacks, he pulled Tony's ass open, giving the other Avengers a full view of Tony's hole, red and stretched, full of Steve's fingers. It glistened with lube and spit. "The last time he showed his face, he used an electromagnetic wave to render the vehicles in that area useless."
"That he gets sick after he eats. Vomiting is only one of, like, twenty symptoms. He refuses to see a doctor, and we're at a loss."
"Right under everyone's noses," Hill responded with a shrug. "In my experience, that tends to be the case all too often."
If anything, fear was a good motivator, and he was beyond fearful of her after she had confronted him about his reaction to Tony and Steve's relationship. He could always
He dropped his head, conceding, if only slightly. "I agree, Nat, but I ask again. At what cost?"
"So, what's all this about, Joe? Can I call you Joe?"
Waking up to the news of yet another attack on New York and Tony getting knocked around was starting to get a little old. Rhodey sighed, anxiety clutching at his stomach, and dropped his fork back onto his breakfast plate. "Damn it, Tones." As he dialed his superior's number, he rewound the DVR and watched as the tail swiped out again and again, slamming into the Iron Man armor and sending Tony tumbling back to the streets.
"So perfect like this," Steve muttered, his only warning before he began a quick and thorough staccato rhythm that sent Tony's body rippling in the aftershocks.
Bruce sent Tony an apologetic look before turning back to Steve. "I think
with having his friendship, and that's that. Let it go."
Bruce tilted his head at that, "I'll keep that in mind."
Natasha was busy on her own phone, so Tony called Pepper. It felt a little wrong to tell her first instead of his boyfriend, but it wasn't like Steve was picking up.
Tony immediately released Steve's nipple, unable to hold a moan in as Steve pulled his hair. With a knowing smirk, Steve tugged again, a little harder. "Learning a lot about you, Mr. Stark."
Shaking his head, Tony chastised himself, "Cut the shit, Stark. Enjoy what you have."
It's chaos, but it needs to happen. Tony isn't ashamed that he did his best to try and protect their servicemen and women, but he'll be damned if any more die because his weapons end up in the wrong hands. There's more for him to do to keep them safe, and that's what he's going to focus on. He's already got jobs and positions lined up in his head for those in the departments he's shutting down, both lateral and upward movements. His fingers itch to get started on some of the ideas mulling around his brain. Technology is only as infinite as the creative mind allows, after all. There’re fifty years left in this life, and he plans to make every second count.
"You do realize, Captain Rogers, that I have the capability of ruining your life?"
She shrugged. "We got down here later than I wanted. Just you coming."
"Did you like it?" she asks, her hand twitching to move again. She stills it in her lap. "Being called that?"
"What? A little thing like knowing the intimate details of the tower? Of course not!" Finishing her drink, she picked up her fork and speared a potato from Clint's plate, popping it into her mouth.
"None of this would have happened if you hadn’t meddled with things you should never have touched."
"You only just handed me this," Howard croaked. She looked disappointed.
She laughed, "That's fair. I can't know all the secrets."
Hulk whispered in his mind. He shoved him back.
"On my honor as a boy scout!"
"Bridgette…" Coulson looks confused for a moment. "Ah, your case worker. She's right—it is. But that doesn't make it any less jarring." His hand is rubbing soothing circles on Tony's upper back. "The drawback to being a guardian angel, I'm afraid. You'll still feel all the same emotions, and anything left unresolved in your mortal life is still a memory to process."
"Just a little cheer. Figured we needed it."
Tony let Howard flee. He understood all too well what guilt felt like. And if the thoughts running through his own brain were anything to go by, his father needed time to decompress and work through it. It was how he processed things himself. Howard needed time, and Tony would give it to him. They really were more alike than Tony had ever allowed himself to think. He would go after him, but first, he wanted information. Something to tell Howard that would hopefully ease his pain. Looking over at Fury, he asked, "So, what now?"
"I'm glad to see you're catching up."
"Hello?" he rasps. "Water? Please?" No one answers, and he lifts his hands, fumbling for the call button. It's next to his left arm, and his fingers curl around it, hitting it once. He hears the clicking of heels along the corridor outside the room, and a woman enters. She wears a white coat and a stethoscope around her neck.
It's all uphill from here. See you all tomorrow!
"Easier said than done," was the response he heard.
"I'm Thor!" The booming voice of the group's bass said, sticking his hand out. Boy, was
Tony woke up on the fifteenth morning to an e-mail (and so what if he made an account, IronDick69 wasn't taken, so he jumped at the chance.).
"Eating out." Tony supplied. "Ass. Eating ass. I like that."
Bruce stood up, "Then he should be here, as well as Steve and Tony," his eyes moved to glance at Rhodey who nodded. "That's good news at least."
Steve's mouth snapped shut. He looked wounded, and Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.
"I'm not cute!"
"Yes, Miss Potts. Will that be all?"
"And Howard?" she added softly, "Don't worry about it. They'll come around. Tony needs this."
The answering grumble was adorable, and Steve felt a little badly at waking him. But as Steve's hand traveled to Tony's round behind and the brown eyes popped open, he knew he'd at least made one right decision.
With a single nod, he turned and raced down the hallway toward his apartment, to his uniform and shield. Ready to face whatever it was, ready for a distraction.
"Can I at least be filet mignon?"
been trying to make up for it. Despite Steve stonewalling me at every opportunity."
Rhodey wasn't just a best friend. He was an anchor for Tony. Kept him from floating away when he fell too far into a building frenzy, shook him out of his own head space when the science took over everything else, and got him piss drunk when the memories of his father threatened to suffocate him. When he needed to escape his trauma, just for a few hours, before he could lock it away again and pretend to be okay.
"Huh." Tony said. He remembered seeing a few people on the streets that day, most were trying to find safe spaces to hide, but if he really concentrated, he could recall one man with curly blond hair, and an expensive camera. Funny how the memory was there all along but he never thought about it.
"Hiya, Happy!" Tony called out as they left the building.
"Let me fix your lipstick, Trudy." His voice is rich with age but sturdy still as his eyes lock onto hers. They crinkle at the corners, a soft blue that lights up when he looks at her. "I've always loved this color on you." Without being asked, the nurse hands over a tube of red lipstick, and the man's hands shake as he applies it. "Oh, oh!" He fusses and takes another tissue from the nurse's outstretched hand. "A little smear here!" He licks his thumb and wipes before using the tissue to get the rest. "Just perfect, sweetheart. My most beautiful gal."
It was a while before he was called to the back, and the cold and sterile room was just as medically ugly as it was the last time. The nurse took his blood pressure (still a little high), his temperature (normal), and weighed him.
The movement was enough to knock some of the wind from Howard's sails. He meagerly pointed, "Kitchen. I mean, the room off the kitchen."
Tony is restless, slipping in and out of sleep, his hands constantly sliding along the cushions, under the comforter, behind the pillows. His eyes snap open into panic before dissolving into acceptance. It's a cycle. Sleep for fifteen, wake up. Search. Resign. Sleep for fifteen.
If you enjoyed, please leave a comment down below!
"And I'm pregnant."
"It gets me around."
The engraved silver platter was an heirloom as well, and Steve filled it with the cups, their saucers, and the matching sugar bowl and milk container. He filled the teapot with boiling water from the kettle and measured out the right amount of loose tea into the strainers, dropping them in and covering the pot. All done with a surgical precision honed from too many battles and too much need for detail.
"And you are stubborn, friend Banner!" Bruce barely had a second to prepare before he was pulled up into a tight hug. "It is good to see you!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Michael said this might happen. You've had a lot of trauma in your life, Tony; this is only adding to it."
"By all means." She gestured with her hand for him to do so and fought back a triumphant grin at how he seemed afraid of her.
"I'm sure you still found time to roll around in the hay."
"No can do, Howard," she answered, and before he could pester her, she said, "I'm going to wake Sleeping Beauty."
Tony gave an empty laugh, thinking of all the time he wasted in denial. "So, like the Good Witch says to Dorothy, I had the power within me the whole time?"
Howard started to laugh, but sobered quickly. "Like an actual genius?!"
Tony chuckled, "How much you want,
Things get a little rocky, and a secret comes out.
"No," Tony moaned, his hips still rocking and undulating, milking Steve and bringing his arousal back up, his erection not waning as Tony continued to move up and down, clenching and unclenching, slow and deep. "Not yet. I want to come on you, but only-" He moaned long and low as Steve arched his hips to drive deeper, and offset the angle enough to drag against Tony's prostate. "Fuck! Only after you've -- oh god, Steve! -- you've filled me again!"
Steve let out a breathy whine at that. "Tell me about it." He slid his finger in deeper, crooking it up so it grazed against Tony's prostate, gently beginning to stimulate it.
"Will do. Thank you, again." His eyes finally landed on Steve. "You're still here? I figured you'd be in bed by now. It's after eleven."
Until one day, he did.
. They don't like to waste time with pleasantries unless it's with their fans or each other."
"My mentor," Coulson starts with a nostalgic smile, "is an angel by the name of Richard. He's currently retired and runs karaoke on the angels' island, Guada. It's about sixty miles from the Bahamas."
The man made a face and opened his mouth to speak, but Steve beat him to it.
Tony sighed, "I'm fine, really. This whole thing just had me all..." He wobbled in his seat to show his feelings, "discombobulated."
Tony leans over to stage-whisper to Steve using an absolutely horrible impersonation of Rodney Dangerfield, complete with tugging on his tie. "Tough crowd." He'll tell anyone who will listen that it's the best one he does.
"Tony came home about an hour ago. He's sick again."
All's well that ends well.
"Jesus."
Steve sighed in relief as Tony stopped short of telling him. "Tones, go to bed, or go to the workshop. Play fetch with Dum-E or something."
Tony swallowed. "My father. He…he was awful to me. He drank a lot." Tony's eyes flickered down to the glass in Howard's hands then back up to his face. Howard flushed and set the cup down.
"Nat…"
He couldn't help it. Tony groaned. His pants had just started feeling tight, and anyone who knew him was well aware that when it came to sex, Tony Stark had a one track mind.
"Of course he will, I'm me."
, sir."
He stepped forward, pushing down the sweats and leaving them on the floor, his cock standing up. "I will gladly join you." He gave it a few twists, letting out a small breath when he finally touched himself.
"Sir, Captain Rogers is in the living room, watching a movie. It is four o'clock in the morning."
for this! He couldn't have come back to when I didn't know Steve? Then, hey! Happy endings all around!"
He blinked into the bright lights of the kitchen. "Natasha? Right?"
Tony was alert enough at dinner to help with the dishes, not even complaining as he loaded the dishwasher.
"I've heard the name." Steve's hands, his beautiful hands with the long fingers that Tony found himself wanting to take into his mouth, were twisting at the bottom of his shirt.
"Yeah," Rhodey softly whispered, bringing his hand up to cup the back of Tony's head to bring him closer.
"Some," Nat said, suddenly engrossed in the book in front of her. "Bruce would know more, but last I heard he hadn't made that much progress with it. He, uh, well we've been distracted. If you absolutely
Tony's eyes grew wide with anticipation, his hips rocking harder. "Fuck, yes. I want to come on your dick," he repeated.
the craziest shenanigans you've gotten your feathery butt into?"
"I-" Was Howard choking up? His eyes were becoming suspiciously red rimmed. "I would really appreciate that. I'm… I'm scared, Steve. Petrified. And it sounds so fucking stupid, but I don't want Tony to know."
Tony's head tilted like a dumb dog's. "When did we get the leafy stuff?"
"Oh, shit!"
Tony's giggling echoed along the walls of the workshop like the sun echoed across the glass windows of the tower. Beautiful and missed after a rainy morning.
He was Tony's anchor, but Tony was his ship. He guided Steve, had shown him a world after the ice, had given him a reason to continue on despite his own traumas and his own reasons to forfeit and give in. Tony helped him find a safe harbor, and he had pointed Steve in the direction of a lighthouse as it glowed with a blue that existed nowhere but in Tony's chest. A light to guide him home.
"Just cream, thank you."
Steve laughed, "Do I really need permission?"
Howard
even fucking happen?
"Then keep talking. I want to hear about how you fuck yourself."
"Tony," Steve groaned, letting him sit up but not releasing him, "we're not babying you."
for getting himself into trouble." He eyed Tony's face, so deeply asleep he had no idea of the conversation around him. He just looked so
"If it would be of use if we cannot locate him," Thor spoke up, and Steve was almost giddy to see that though Bruce didn't seem to care and Natasha was too stoic to allow herself to leer, the Asgardian had a full erection poking a tent in his pants, "we could draw him out, and I am positive I could destroy any equipment he has." Steve liked when Thor wore civilian clothes. There was something very sexy about him in sweatpants and a t-shirt. He and Tony had entertained the idea of bringing him into their bedroom on a few occasions. Hell, they had spoken about having all the other Avengers at one point or another. The tent in the grey sweatpants was glorious, he only hoped Tony would lift his head to see it as well.
Bruce waved his hand dismissively, already pulling things from the plastic bags. "Forty-five at the least."
Tony lifted his spoon and paused, turning his head to look at Rhodey. "You know me so well. How? How did you know?"
Bruce and Thor, standing back at the bar and letting Howard have his say, surged forward, both talking at once. Across their faces was a mixture of surprise and shock, and it took Steve a moment to realize that Bruce was willingly in the presence of Howard.
he sang, a goofy grin on his face.
"Steve, listen, I need to finish this." Tony spoke hurriedly, already turned back toward the gauntlet, his fingers digging into the glove. "If something happens to my GPS, it could get jammed, and we’re down to my gyroscope! Then what do we do? Nat could get hurt, Clint or...or you, and we wouldn’t know which way to go to get to safety! I can't let that happen." He shoved the gauntlet aside and pulled the helmet forward. "We can only get within a quarter mile of a destination with the gyroscope, and I can’t even calculate how to get back to center with it if we’re off that far! We won’t be able to find anything smaller than an airport!” He lifted his head, just for a second, showing Steve wide, exhausted eyes before dropping them back to the helmet. "I'll install a failsafe, of course, but by allowing for a system shut down in the case of a monster that's..." He looked up again, and Steve saw a glint of fear in his dark eyes. "You know, electrical? Like a bad Thor? And the use of a gyroscope… I mean it's archaic, but we need to be prepared. If something happens to my suit, then at least we have options, right?" He didn't wait for an answer. "What's this?" He lifted a bolt from behind the face mask, shrugged, and tossed it over his shoulder. "Useless, don't need it."
Tony turned to face him, eyes wide and searching to make sure Steve wasn't followed. His threw his arms out in fear and confusion, "What the fuck?!"
"No promises." Howard held out the tray for the corn and waited as Steve stacked them on it. "Anything else?"
Steve was starting to see red. "Right, let's make someone who was abused
"Pants first."
was a boy's hero. He was a role model. He was something to look up to. Safety. Love. Protection. People in those days didn't interfere with how others reared their children. It wasn't lost on Tony that had he been a child now, he most likely would have ended up in the system.
They both knew what it was like to be alone.
to accept them.
But she was also the only female superhero, surrounded by good men, but men all the same. She longed for girlfriends and brunches and clothes swapping over boxed wine and Wal-Mart cheese. Pepper had become the closest she had to a female companion, but even then, it was completely different. Pepper ran a Fortune 500 company. Pepper was an adult businesswomen, well on her way up the societal ladder. They could
Tony looked him up and down. "You're a child."
"-Can someone shut him up?"
"Point. But Tony's also a grown ass man, Nat," he said, lifting a finger to enunciate what he was saying, "And he won't even admit that he was abused. Is it really the right thing to force him to? That's just going to hurt him even more."
Tony squirmed. "Steve, let go! There's hot dogs! Didn't you hear?"
"Now, listen here, honey, I'm doing all the work." Tony's hands pumped him slowly, spreading the lube evenly. "This is my show, Captain." Steve grinned, his fingers gathering some of the extra lube that had dribbled onto his groin without Tony seeing.
Joseph winces where he's being annoyingly precise in applying dirt to Tony's pant leg. "He's got you there." He stands, taking a moment to admire his work. "No wings yet; you'll get them as soon as you meet with Philip."
"Just him and Fido." His usual battle gusto was there, but Steve could hear the underlying current of Tony's emotions slinking behind the saucy tone.
He meant it when he said he looked up to Captain America, but Steve Rogers? He's the real hero.
Who can catch my HIMYM reference? It's pretty blatant, LMFAO!
"He and Steve went to Malibu for a few days, smart move on Steve's part, considering-"
you want to do right by him, but what exactly does that entail?" She crossed her legs at the ankles, leaning forward to convey poise and authority, her hands resting in her lap.
-- I need to be alone. I need a minute. I need --
He'd seen them argue. Screaming in each other's faces, spit flying. So angry, Clint was sure they'd never speak to each again. Hell, a fight between them in the suits ended up destroying most of Tony's Malibu mansion.
Tony tried his best—he really did!—to blink away the tears that filled his eyes. Hearing it from Thor, of all people, made it sound so much more real. Doubt still swam inside him, but maybe, if Thor thought so...
Steve emerged a few seconds later, "Can anyone grab Tony a new hoodie? He got some on it."
Meeting Natasha is a quieter affair. Coulson had explained to him about her background, the roughness of her childhood, her time in the Red Room, and her path to redemption. He whispers to Tony, prior to Natasha entering the conference room he's meeting her in, that, "At times I wondered why they had me watching her. But I trusted the plan, and I'm glad I did. She wants to do better and be better. She's a good person now. I think you'll like her."
That made Tony tilt his head and smile. "Nice one."
Tony hummed in answer, taking another bite and following it with a sip of milk. "I am an idiot sometimes, though."
"Sounds delightful, and another favorite."
His chest was caving in. Steve knew it. His broken heart was reversing the serum, and he couldn't breathe. He was back to that scrawny kid from Brooklyn, and this was an asthma attack, it had to be. "He- he said-"
As Tony's eyes darken for the last time, he sees Michael's wings unfold and surround them. The pain lessens, and he feels warm. Secure. Loved.
Around him, technology moved. Holograms, machines, robots. But Tony's head was down, ignoring it all. His fingers deftly wrapped around a bundle of different colored wires and he tugged, jerking them from the wrist of the gauntlet and tossing them over his shoulder. Dum-E scurried behind him, picking up what was discarded and whirling away to the trash.
Tony snorted at that. "Yes, including your bookmarks."
"As I was saying," Hill continues, pointedly
Swallowing past the lump in his own throat, Steve pulled the blanket tighter around Tony. "What are we going to do?"
"More pancakes for us then!"
"No! Steve warned me about you! Go get the butter and salt… If you can reach it!"
Tony woke up cold and alone. He shivered and pulled the blankets up, blindly reaching out to Steve's side of the bed, even though he already knew he wasn't there. Steve had become such a constant in his life that it was almost instinctual to reach for him.
"I guess."
Outside, a child jumped into a puddle, splashing his father, who laughed and picked him up, swinging him around before tucking him under his arm and running to the protection of an awning. Had Tony tried the same, it would have been the belt.
Like usual.
Steve didn't have to be told twice. It wasn't often that Tony took him, both preferring the other way, but when it did, they shook with pleasure all the same.
"No! I don't think you do!" She dropped her head to her hands. And here she spent years thinking she was the most damaged of all. But there were different types, weren't there? "I knew you put on a show for the media, I just didn't realize how bad it was. No wonder you refuse to see how much Steve is in love with you! You don't think you're good enough for him!"
"Last thing I remember, I was in the quinjet, Steven. How did I get into bed?" Standing, Tony stretched languidly, reaching up to the ceiling and flexing his fingers.
"We have no food left in here," he whined, "why are we so bad at keeping our kitchen stocked?"
"And he's so good at it." Clint pretended to wipe a tear, "I get emotional just thinking about it."
Grinning, Tony shrugs, "It's worked thus far."
"We know," Steve interrupted, plucking a contract from the file in Tony's hands to look over, "KTU caters to an older crowd. We play the standards and pepper in one or two new songs, that's it."
Tony stood. "Come to the back, I'll get you your money."
"I'll let the nurse know to bring you something to drink." She's gone as quickly as she came and he closes his eyes, reaching back in his memory to find anything that will tell him what had happened.
"Come to dinner tonight?"
"I wasn't aware I needed to. You tracking me?"
They would know, of course, because they always did. But if he could pretend he was okay, maybe he'd start to actually feel like it.
"Are you okay?"
"Where the fuck have I been?" Tony muttered. The coffee was finally fucking done, and he poured himself a cup, keeping it Americano, and chugging half of it. "Oh yeah, that's a good burn!" He took another gulp as he picked up the salt from the spice rack.
"You okay?" Tony sent him a loaded glance. "Right. Stupid question." With a sigh, Bruce let his head fall back again. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm bored."
He was knocked out of his thoughts - quite literally - by the dragon's tail, swiping sideways and taking Steve's feet from under him. He landed hard on his side and, in one fluid movement, sent his shield flying. It landed with his usual accuracy and boomeranged back to him - thank heaven for small miracles! - but the nick on the side of the dragon only angered it more.
But another pinch at his derriére sent Tony forwards and into Steve's side with one more rather unmanly sound. "Tony, what's going on?"
Howard, so stressed he had screamed at Tony until the daylight peeked over the horizon.
"Quite a bit, I see."
Steve felt it as he shifted Tony in his arms, pulling his head down to his chest. "Angel?" he prompted, kissing Tony's head. "Talk to me, sweetheart."
This Howard was around his own age. It was bizarre to think about. This Howard would know nothing of Tony for almost ten years. This Howard was free of the burden of a tiny, inquisitive, genius child. A boy whose brains outweighed his own.
With an eye roll, Natasha batted then away. "Risk what? Soap and water?"
"Agent Barton, what you call insults is toddler play concerning your intelligence. Please stop talking," JARVIS snipped.
?" Oh damn. Tony's eyes looked a little wet. This was more serious than he could ever have imagined. "Would it help if I said I'm sorry?" He tried, holding his arms out in concession.
Not that he couldn't take care of himself, of course, but even the strongest didn't exactly like being stared at like a pigeon stares at a zeppole.
"And 39 cents." Clint cheeked. They combined their carts and left the other by the entrance, headed into the breakfast aisle to get cereal before meeting back up with Natasha. "So who's gonna cook all this?"
"You could say that again."
"It's all the same to me."
Red, Clint made a hasty retreat, trails of laughter following him to the elevator.
"So, you agree?" Tony looked hopeful.
"I've tried so many different foods here. I don't think my palate will ever be satisfied with the crap the 60's call cuisine any longer."
Tony snorted, choosing a seat after he signed in and watching as Natasha flipped through one of the magazines. "Welcome to my life."
Tony can't help it; he lets out a snort. "That's a bit less terrifying than Hell."
A knock on the door startled them both. As Tony moved to lift himself from Steve's lap, he heard him ask calmly but curtly, "Did I say you could move?"
Clint laughed. "Nah, you know me. Self-depreciating humor is my spiel."
"I had a feeling, sorry. Too tempting to pass up!"
The query made him smile softly. "That would be telling," he teased, holding his index finger up to the side of his nose.
"It's fine, Stark."
was his family.
"It gets me closer to them. They're good people. But also, not working makes you stand out in a bad way." Satisfied that he is no longer sticky, Coulson returns to his seat across from Tony. "There is always a point where you meet and interact with your charges. It's usually as their purpose comes near, or if they just need a bit more of a hands-on approach. I've worked with Natasha and Clint for years." There is a pause, and Coulson gets a weird look on his face, his eyes sad, and his brows pinched. "Sometimes, you never get to meet them."
Howard snored when he was drunk. Tony remembered that fact abruptly as he opened the door to the guest room. He snored like a drunken sailor on leave. As a child he could only hate how it grated his sensibilities, how certain sounds were too much for his young mind to understand. How could Howard be so loud when Momma was so quiet. It assaulted him, dragging him right back to the age of seven when he had tried - for the last time - to climb in bed with his parents after a nightmare. Only to have Howard wake and angrily throw him out.
"Apology accepted. Pick up ready in twenty-five minutes."
"Like this one," flipping the book around, she showed Steve the sketch she was talking about. One of the many he had done of Tony. It was a cold day, the glass to the windows covered in the condensation from the heat of the apartment, and Tony sat against the back of his couch, head propped up with his arm, staring out through a circle he had cleared with the sleeve of his sweater. His eyes were focused on something far away, something no one else could see, and the beautiful deep mahogany of his irises was closed over with sadness.
He and Bucky, sneaking in to see the newest motion picture. Or strolling through Central Park pretending they knew bird calls, when really they had worked out a system for the types of dames they saw (they really loved
As soon as Pepper had led Clint from the room, Tony had stretched out on the couch, taking up her warm spot.
And what was not to love? Steve was kind, funny, smart, and gorgeous. He was perfect. What could he possibly see in someone like Tony?
Steve didn't even grace that with an answer, not that Bruce expected him to. As much as they had teased, he knew Steve was close to the edge concerning the entire Howard situation. And who
The slickness where they were connected eased the way as Tony moved faster until he was all but leaning on Steve's chest, his bottom popping up and down, up and down. His muscles clenched and released, dragging Steve closer and closer until he dug his nails into Tony's arms and came unexpectedly, gasping loudly as he filled Tony.
Another whir.
The woman smiles, "Oh, my husband always calls me that!" Her voice has a tremble to it, and her hand quakes as she reaches up to cup his face. "Blue eyes, just like yours. Oh, he was so handsome!"
"You're welcome, dear." Grabbing the syrup, he dumped more onto the already drowning Belgium waffle.
"And the rest of you?"
"What do you mean?"
"I'm fucking adorable," Clint chuckled, handing the phone back. "Send me that, I'll add it to the wall." In his office in LA, Clint kept hundreds, possibly thousands of photos tacked up, a verifiable collection of their years together. Tony had tried to go through them. Once. He gave up ten minutes in.
"Come on, let's head back. I'm hungry again." Tony said instead, turning to look at Steve, who lifted his head quickly to view the sky.
"Yes, please order two servings of
Prompt: Presumed Dead
him? - but now, oh shit. Now it's worse. It's so much worse. He needs to deflect. Can't let Steve make the biggest mistake of his perfect American life.
Ria Rose - 3136 - K1 - Kink: Anal Sex
Inside the restaurant, Clint checked in with the maitre d' and Tony pulled out his phone, sending a tweet about the fans they had just met (again) to really give them something to boast about.
Howard's mouth opened, but he snapped it shut, fear in his eyes. Good.
He looked up as Tony entered, eyeing him warily. The plate slid across the marble surface like an olive branch extended between them.
"Tash, don't look at me like that. Steve will know."
"Nothing happened. Steve was a perfect gentleman."
"I think a unique situation requires a unique solution. Creating a brand new identity may be easier in the short term, but it comes with its own complications." He stood, lifting Mjölnir and studying it. "It is easier for me, sometimes, to take my hammer and swing out into the enemies and obstacles we face, but that only aids for that particular moment. Taking the time to charge the energy and strike with lightning is much more effective. In some situations, anyway."
Steve sat forward, resting his elbows on his knees and loosely clasping his hands together. He looked over at Howard, fully getting why Howard would feel that way but knowing he needed to stop Howard from making the same mistakes he had. "Tony is a lot more vulnerable than he lets anyone see, but not much more than anyone else. I know you want to protect him. He has that effect on people. But, Howard -- and I can't stress this enough -- he doesn't need to be shielded from everything. Take it from someone who made that mistake. He'll understand. I think he already knows you're afraid, and he's going to do what he can to alleviate that."
Yinsen's head snaps up to face him. "Tony! You're...You're...Oh my. I did not expect this."
Finally, he had done something right.
He was surrounded by people who loved him but was somehow still lonely. No one understood him like Bucky. No one could steer his mind like he did. Had he been there with Steve, there was a chance that Steve wouldn't have made so many mistakes concerning Tony and Howard.
his old life, it also isn't. "Consultant, you say?" he responds meekly as Coulson moves the toolbox and picks up the blueprints.
"You've made yourself at home, I see." Planting her feet on the ground, she left her seat, coming to stand beside Howard. "I am," she answered, pulling open the drawer with the menus that was next to him, "but let's order in."
Tony didn't freeze. Ever. He always acted, was always able to figure out how to make his muscles move even if it was to buy him time before he could talk his way out of whatever hot water he had gotten himself into. He prided himself on his ability to think quickly. It was partially because he
confess his love (conceal, don't feel!), but also that he was pressed against him. And Steve was
"Is butter a carb?"
And she was determined to get them the respect they deserved from the industry as well.
"Excuse you, I'm a fantastic chef," Steve patted Tony's belly, "no complaints here!" Tony could tell Steve knew something was up and he was grateful he didn't mention it.
Sometimes, she got off at Farmingdale and took an Uber with the girls to the all night diner for fries and mozzarella (mutz-zi-della, she would say, to fit in) and brown gravy. Other times she would hop into someone's Civic and race off to the beach to watch the sun rise with them, sipping on wine coolers and eating 7-Eleven packaged fruit and sandwiches, seated on a sandy blanket pulled from the trunk of the car, her heels left on the floor of the backseat.
But the thought of submitting to Steve was tantalizing as well. Being used by him, a fuck toy. Open and willing to accept every drop of come.
Since this was a wee bit sad, maybe I'll post the next today as well. What do you all think?  😈
Steve swallowed. Tony was worried about him? Jeez, he needed to get his act together if he was going to properly care for him during this, and that sent a flare of anger up through his body.
As soon as the door clicked behind her, Tony swivelled to stare wide eyed at his bandmates, “The actual fuck was that?"
"See if you can't get him up and in bed," Bruce spoke, looking into the living room and studying the form on the couch and frowning.
Steve pulled the drain and turned on the shower head, tugging it down by the hose and almost hitting himself in the face; they both laughed at that, tired, but so immeasurably happy. He washed Tony's, then his own hair, and rinsed them both. Tony lay boneless, and Steve stood up when the water had fully emptied and carried some of the towels into the bedroom to lay on the bed, remembering at the last minute that he should probably change the sheets.
MountainKestral, LadyLanera, and WilmaKins are at the top of this list, as I couldn't have even attempted to complete this without their support, guidance, and love.
A weed. A worthless weed.
"Really? Because I only keep you around for the free tech."
But on the rare occasion that he did venture outside, he truly enjoyed it. The March morning was crisp and dry, and when he exited the building and turned toward the market, he breathed in deep. In and out. Taking in the fresh air and centering himself.
Steve lifted his right shoulder, "I don't know. He may not be."
Steve's fault, but he couldn't shoulder the blame alone. He wasn't strong enough for that, he knew it like he knew he loved Tony. The serum made his body strong, but it did nothing to prepare him for how his own stubbornness could cause things to go so wrong. Howard had caused this, maybe unintentionally, but he did. Steve just exasperated it.
Natasha - out of fucking nowhere, mind you - had plopped right in front of him. And probably sheared at least ten years off his life. Thank God his lip reading skills were sharp even when his heart was threatening to pack up and leave.
"Okay! Bye, Hulk!" He took his mother's hand and Bruce watched them go, a sense of longing welling up inside him. He wanted a family of his own.
, that didn't mean he wanted anything to do with Tony.
"Is it?" Steve countered, his voice hard. Tony's movements froze, he turned, standing up, and somehow looking imposing despite being a hair under 5'8.
Steve laughed, "I'm a soldier, Tony. Honestly, not that innocent."
His face fell, "Is Tony okay?"
"Gross," Tony curled his lips up in mock disgust, grabbing a throw pillow that had fallen off the bed to toss at the Steve shaped lump under the blankets.
"I'm sorry, you should see your face. You look like a seven-year-old tattling on her brother." When Clint just blinked at her, unamused, she shrugged, "I think I'm hilarious."
"If I take the pills, I'm good. But if I don't, Steve will make me use the bathroom on the 22nd floor since no one is there right now." Grinning, Tony set the tennis ball down and absentmindedly stroked Dum-E's claw. "Never thought I'd trade bathroom humor with my dad. Don't think Steve realizes what he's getting into. Crude is my middle name."
"Prick."
"And the Academy Award for most dramatics in a comedy goes to-"
"Let Hill know what we're planning and get the coordinates. We'll leave in an hour, at zero-nine-hundred." He pulled his fingers from Tony, wiping them on his back and reached to the table next to them, opening a drawer and plucking a shiny blue vibrator from it. "Have the quinjet ready." It slid a little too easily into Tony and when he turned it on, the low buzz filled the room, Tony wasn't the only one who moaned. Thor let out a low grumble; his body rocked slightly.
"Tony, talk to me, please!"
Three glasses in, and he was laughing his ass off, swapping stories and goofing around. Man, he was a cheap ass date.
"Wouldn't have it any other way, honey. Glad to be back." Stretching his neck, Tony plants a kiss on Rhodey's cheek. It's something he's done often enough to Rhodey's consternation, but this time, he silently allows it. He even goes so far as to press a kiss to Tony's head when he settles back down.
She nodded, rubbing his back. "Happens a lot?"
He was clumsy; the removal of his shirt went fine, that was the easy part. But his jeans? He unbuttoned them and got the zipper down without messing up. Even was able to slowly wriggle his hips so the jeans slipped down just enough up tantalize Steve with the dips in his lower stomach.
"Then doesn't Tony deserve the same chance now that it's been brought before him?" she implored. "He's been given an opportunity we can only dream of!"
The bottle of scotch looked safe enough and Howard poured himself two fingers worth. "You didn't age."
Looking at the mug now, however, had him scrutinizing the last word.
"I wish they'd stop staring."
"I guess that's fair. Can I have a hint?" He tried, picking up a melon with his fingers. She made a face and slid a fork across the counter.
Howard was in the living room, nursing a glass of amber liquid. He was sitting forward on the couch, his elbows braced on his knees, the glass between both hands, twisting back and forth, and his fingers playing along the condensation from the ice. A fantastic bruise had blossomed on his left cheek, illuminated by the morning sun streaming in from behind him.
. Although, his therapist would have her work cut out if she ever got wind of his own father's comments about his ass (Not that he was wrong, mind you). Above him, the bed creaked.
"That's not the type of coming I want."
"Thanks, Pep." Tony made a face that Clint was sure mirrored his own.
With a laugh, Tony sat up, pulling his hand away. "Yeah, me too."
"Steve," he breathed out, moaning as Steve took his lips again. His hips rolled, knees spreading further apart to bring him closer.
Tony is tempted to start an allout snowball fight, especially since Steve isn't suspecting it, busy as he is with the face, but he wants to finish first. He wants anyone coming to the park after they leave to see their magnificent snowman, and to not know who built it. It gives him a small sense of satisfaction that they created something together with no one the wiser. It's their own little secret.
"I'll make a habit of it." He shivered again.
"Tell me something I don't know."
"Yeah, you are." Crossing her legs in front of her, she watched as a woman in scrubs hurried past, checking her watch. "How did you find me?"
"-Pinky fingers, we know." Bruce finished for her, "and we appreciate you saying that, believe me. We've worked really hard to sound like we do, our voices fit seamlessly together. But that's
In between their sweating bodies, Tony's cock rubbed against Steve's abdomen, leaking and smearing his precome against their skin. His arms wrapped around the solid back of the soldier, hands splaying along his shoulder blades. Steve pressed his body down, to rub against Tony's cock, eliciting moans and pants from the smaller man.
Tony had screamed Steve's name the day before. When Natasha had tricked him into going to the workshop. Fuck, he
for his best friend. No way in hell. He was certain that Tony was on a path that could only lead to him getting his heart broken. But the months wore on, and they grew stronger together as a couple, and Rhodey found himself starting to like the Star Spangled Man. He brought out the best in Tony and guided him through his worst. He was there for him, loved him unconditionally, and, honestly, was one of the best drinking buddies Rhodey ever had. He could pound them back and never get sloppy. It was nice to have a second set of hands to get Tony to bed after a night spent binge drinking like they were still in college.
Another shift and Howard was kneeling on the mattress like he was about to pray. His hands immediately went to do, well, anything else. The thought of a God who gave a crap about him was laughable. Steve believed, at least Howard thought he still did, and that faith was certainly inspiring, if a little annoying. If the Old Guy did exist, he had no time for alcoholic child abusers.
"Nat!"
; it tickled him pink, honestly. A friend of his had told him - some years ago - that the first time your child calls you
Tony has lost the bet!
But then Tony kissed him back, just as fervently, grabbing Steve's face and thrusting his hips up into Steve's and moaning long and low.
With a coy smirk, Steve tugged again on Tony's locks. "What do you think?"
There was a quick internal debate as to who to call first with the results - Hulk chanting in his mind,
JARVIS answered, his calm voice needed over the chaotic din of the alarm. "They are en route, Thor Odinson. Agent Barton has informed me they are fifteen minutes out in the borrowed quinjet from SHIELD."
"Thanks," Tony said, turning away from the pot and facing Thor. "Have you seen Steve? I need to talk to him."
"Stark's a little tipsy, I should get him to bed anyway." Steve had a feeling he knew exactly what was up. And he'd be yelling at them all later for the whole fanfiction thing, rest assured.
"I mean-" Fury sat on the couch and patted the seat next to him for Howard, "-that time travel is tricky. And what has happened has already happened."
Iron Man didn't help.
"No! Nothing like that." His hands went back to his hair, and Howard realized that it was a tic of his, something he did when he was feeling insecure and nervous. It was something Howard tended to do as well, something he had managed to pass down, despite being a bastard.
"What brought along this realisation, if I may ask?" His tone was gentle, and she felt a greater appreciation at having him as a friend and team member. Thor could be hot tempered, he could make rash decisions like the rest of them, but there was a quiet wisdom within that calmed Natasha. She loved his steady and solid presence. He was older than any of them, and it showed in times like these.
"Steve, it's not just punching him, it's...it's…"
"Videos of the battle," Clint answered easily. He shrugged. "Howard saving Tony went viral."
"Tones," Steve coaxed, "we're here to find out why you lost the weight. It's important to know."
Three candles were lit on his makeshift altar: a white one for cleansing, a purple one for dispelling negativity, and a black one for protection and to give power to the spell. He had traveled to Egypt to gather sand, to Israel for a vial of water from the Dead Sea, to Scotland to gather earth, and to Japan to pluck a feather from a Red-Crowned Crane. He anointed the altar with sage from India and olive oil from Italy. All things said to give the spell more power.
With a grin, Steve kissed his head, "Unless it's about the virtue of my boyfriend."
Steve groaned in frustration, balling up his fists to rub at his face. What did any of that matter if all it did was drive a wedge between them? All he needed to do was apologize and keep his mouth shut from here on out. Tony loved him.
JARVIS zeroed in on the building through the hub. It was indeed a house, the wooden exterior painted a slate blue and a sign -- in the quintessential
Bruce took a step back, but not out of offense or fear. His gaze was concerned, worried about Tony's reactions, but aware of his need for space. Tony was filled with a burst of appreciation for him. Bruce knew him well enough to discern the need to let Tony direct the conversation, to have authority over how it played out.
Tony didn't open up to just anyone. Hell, he didn't really open up at all. Rhodey and Pepper knew things, but that just might be because they had known him for years. He was sure Bruce was aware of some of the details, Natasha knew probably because she was Natasha, and you couldn't keep shit from her. Steve was the most acquainted with Tony's secrets because, hey, that happens when you fall in love with someone. Or at least, that's what's
"Ready to talk?" Tony asked, stifling a yawn.
Tony shook his head, face hidden in the folds of Steve's shirt. "I don't know what I expected." His fingers dug into the material, gripping hard to anchor himself.
being the operative word."
"-A kid he ends up abusing, you mean."
Natasha calmly closed the text in front of her and stood, walking around the table and clearing the chair across from them of their papers and notes. "Agent Hill, have a seat."
He made a sound, one of contemplation and amusement, and she smiled at it, envisioning his face with a little smirk. "I would talk with Howard, and I would talk with Steve. I would speak with Tony after. Explain my side, and ask what he wants. Then-" the lilt in his voice went up, and she heard the joke even before he spoke it, "-I would break out the best mead I had and drink with all of them!"
"Understatement of the century, Howard. He's staying away for your protection." She walked to the fridge and pulled out a pre-cut container of fruit, opening it and setting it in front of Howard. "And Hulk is very fond of Tony."
Just because he goes to bed doesn't mean he always sleeps.
"I know the whole erase the memory thing, but, Steve, I promise, I'm going to do everything in my power to change it." He had taken a step back, putting distance between himself and the one person that three days ago he swore he could trust with his life.
"I don't really feel like going out, Platypus." The nickname was there, as was the intentioned cheek, but it fell flat. Rhodey moved the tray to the other side of the bed and pushed at Tony's shoulder.
Tony grimaced. "I'd rather not."
getting exactly what the doctor ordered. Tony hung on tightly, his mouth slack and his eyes rolling, each thrust punctuating a breathy moan in time with Steve's cock hitting his prostate.
"You should respect my virtue." With a snap, Tony pulled the boxers up and glared at Rhodey.
all right! That is
They slowed to a normal pace about a block later, Tony out of breath and Steve laughing so hard he was bent in half.
"I'm so sorry you lost your life, Tony." Stepping back, Yinsen holds him at arm's length, studying him. "You look good. Particularly now that your chest does not glow blue."
"Right away, sir." Jarvis spoke, pulling the story up on the closest screen to him. "You should add more lube, sir."
"I'm sorry, Howard. It's been a long day. Just…" Tony was at a loss. There was no quip ready, no joke or retort sitting at the forefront of his mind. He dropped his hand, nodded once, and left the room.
"You're all really fucking annoying with that."
He also knew who helped him there.
Sure, he liked living with the team. It had given him a sense of camaraderie that he hadn't felt in a long time, but sometimes, it was just
Sometimes, as Nat walked the streets of New York City, she reveled in the idea that she could just get lost there. It was a tantalizing thought. With a few well placed steps, she'd disappear into the crowd and no one would be the wiser. On either side of her as they jogged across E 42nd St, Clint and Maria Hill were lost to their own thoughts. Even as experienced as they were, they wouldn't be able to find her if she chose to disappear.
Steve was about to speak when a sound in the alleyway leading to the street drew his attention. The gate has clanged open, hitting against the metal of its posts. Tony's singing had drawn the attention of someone. A man tumbled out, his long hair and beard scraggly on his face. He was dirty, and his clothes old and worn. Tony was shocked out of his music as the man approached.
Jesus, how much did he drink?
He just needed to assuage Howard, who was likely to be upset. He would do whatever it took to help make Howard happy there.
Rhodey took the tray from Bruce's hands. "Just call me the Tony Whisperer." As he walked out toward the hallway, he called back over his shoulder, "I'll do my best to get Tony back on solid ground, you keep Steve from falling apart."
Steve felt his face split into a grin, as Tony chuckled, "I know you live vicariously through me."
Bruce covered Clint's mouth. "We won't, Steve. But you know as well as I do that Tony needed this. Hell,
"Cross my heart, Stark. I'll finish it." Steve moved to the door. "Get ready for bed and I'll text you if the coast is clear. We've been lucky so far. We should be more diligent."
Tony flopped into the chair, twisting the bottle in his hands. "I'm fine, Pep. You know I'm a big boy now? I wipe my own ass and everything."
"Rhodey, go'way."
When Howard was settled, Tony stood and moved to the door, beckoning Steve to follow, "Mr. Stark," he spoke quietly to Howard, his voice holding none of the contempt it had prior, "the bathroom is just down the hall. Second door to the right. Help yourself to whatever in the kitchen if you get hungry. We'll see you in the morning."
"Don't call me tha- He is?!"
Tony hid himself away, never venturing outside, even to the landing pad. He didn't go to the office, he didn't try to fly the suit, he just lay on his bed or on a couch or armchair, reading. At this point, even the tablet was forgotten. Steve had never known Tony to have any interest at all in fiction, had even seen him scoff at it. The small library in between the common floor and the gym only ever got use from himself and Bruce, or sometimes Thor if he was bored. But never Tony.
Natasha raised her eyebrows, "Well aware. But I
"-What the hell is that on your arm?!"
thinks Howard hates him, despite witnessing part of Steve and Howard's conversation, because he's Tony and that's what he does, and he's
Sexual jokes aside, Tony had never felt he had one. He sure as shit never called Howard that as a child. He called him father as he grew older and more rebellious, but even as a little boy, Howard was just
Tony groaned, narrowing his eyes and looking confused for all of a second before giving in and snatching a cookie from the proffered plate. "Platypus, you don't even like cucumbers." He smiled coyly, "I like cucumbers. Different types too. Particularly Steve's." He turned slightly to point at Steve with an innocent smile.
She tilted her head to the side in question, "And what do you look for?"
He felt a finger under his chin.
"Likewise, I'm sure," he smirked in answer, sitting on the stool next to his Mass Spec. "The DNA is a paternal match. It's Howard Stark. In the flesh."
"Hell yeah. That's half the fun." The glint in her eyes had him questioning his safety. And maybe exciting him just a little.
"FOR SCIENCE!" All three voices rang out as they ran back to the tree line, ducking just in time and laughing the whole way.
"Well, I told you it was magic that he said got him here-"
Taking a bite, Natasha smirked around the fruit. "Ooh, lots, I'm sure."
too. And Howard deserved it.
Victory. At last.
which translated from Russian to Restful Place. Only Clint knew of it, though she had often considered the idea of letting the other Avengers know. It seemed fitting for them to have somewhere to go that no one else knew about, where they could escape the confines of their now very public lives.
Finally turning from Steve, Tony chimes in, "Mutz on the fries and brown gravy on the side. Extra coleslaw and pickles. Please," he adds as an afterthought.
Pepper understood that Tony had developed special friendships with the other Avengers - and she was glad of it. He needed more people in his corner, but she and he had a bond that even Rhodey couldn't touch. It was something that their own tumultuous romance had been unable to break, something that Steve (and she was beyond happy that Tony had found love in Steve) didn't have with him either.
my friend. Now. If you can forgive me for how I've treated you since you came here."
"So, I've been told." He sighed.
will figure out the cost and the choreo. At this point in the game, we've handled so much shit on our own, we don't
"Okay, I accept your apology. I can't say I'm surprised someone finally hit him but..." Sighing, Tony threw his arms out helplessly. "But, Steve, he's my father."
Put it on my card."
In answer, Steve took him in his mouth again, bobbing his head lightly and pressing his tongue along the base as he did so. His hands slipped down Tony's waist to his hips, and he kneaded the flesh softly, dipping his head to suck lightly on the underside, until he hit the base, where he pressed a small kiss. "C'mere." He said, pulling Tony to the bed and gently laying him down. "Let me take care of you." And he was pushing Tony's legs up, kissing along his thighs, pressing his tongue where his leg and body met, and teasingly nipping at the skin of his ass.
"I hate when you call me that."
Well. It's not like Tony to say no to chicken nuggets, after all.
It's Michael, the angel who took him to that beautiful clearing to die. Tony feels the ghosts of his injuries, and his hand goes to his chest, where the arc reactor once lay.
"I do. The first suit is made because he put his trust into someone he shouldn't have. And that's because he didn't have
Nope. Not going there. It didn't matter what era someone was from, what was wrong then was wrong in this century, and what's wrong was thinking that happiness and true love had to be with someone of the opposite gender. That was, in Bruce's humble opinion, just stupid and honestly cut down on people’s choices.
Coulson at least has the decency to look contrite when he responds in the negative. "Under normal circumstances, you should have had them before you left Heaven, and your first lesson would have been how to put them away and take them back out. But, with the fact that I can't hide you away for a few weeks to do that, you'll have to wait. I'm sorry," and he does sound it, "but because you're living in your old life, people would ask questions about where you are, and it will take several days to learn how to put them away. Unfortunately, we don't have the luxury of time at the moment."
- to finally get the restful sleep his body is deprived of, but the solid form of Steve under him is everything he's longed for. He cannot possibly be allowed to have both.
. The trouble came when they were dried off and got dressed, Tony continuously reaching out to touch Steve until they ended up a tangled mess on the couch across from Steve's bed, both shirtless and content to hold each other.
And without another thought, he began to read.
"They have trust issues."
She laughed at that, loudly and fully, her whole body shaking, and her eyes tearing. Tony loved when she let herself go enough to really laugh. It softened the hard lines on her face and made her eyes go bright with her joy. Happy was a good look on her, and he promised he'd find a way to make the look permanent.
Bruce took a minute to just snicker, enjoying a joke between friends. But there
Not like it mattered; no other manager could stand to deal with their know-it-all, blunted view of the industry for more than a couple of months. She worried at the suffocating implications of that. Drugs she could handle, co-dependency not so much.
Tony remained quiet, his forehead resting on Steve's shoulder under the guise of catching his breath.
Steve was overprotective and oftentimes overstepped his boundaries, but it was understandable to a point. It was he - not Howard - who had been tasked with cleaning up that particular mess.
Tony and Steve bump into each other at a coffee shop.
"-I know I'm his father."
"Steve!" Tony moaned, his fingers digging into him, "oh god. Just like that!" His arms hooked under Steve's, coming up to wrap around his shoulders. "So close, Steve, right there! I'm so close!"
Until he felt someone squeeze his ass and a lascivious voice whispered in his ear. "Ditch the loser and come home with me."
It couldn't be anything else.
"Oh. Lovely."
Turning, Steve looked at him with an emotion Tony couldn't decipher. "That's all? You just think the stories are...hot?"
"Ah, no." Tony grinned sheepishly, "It's a good idea."
She snorted, attempting to cool her features into her usual glower, and failed. "They did bring all the boys to the yard, you know."
"No problem," she smiled, "have a nice day!" And she was gone, wheeling her cart toward the frozen section.
Steve unfolds a comforter. It's a spare one, taken from the hall closet, blue and soft. Thick and warm. It's not enough. He spreads it over Tony, his hand lingering by Tony's shoulder before falling back to his side. "I'm-" he swallows, looking away. "I'm real glad you're okay, Tony."
A few more pieces fell into place. "And Natasha and Clint?"
Howard, so drunk, he'd backhanded Tony down a flight of stairs.
in quick succession, and scurrying away before the mother could recognize him. It wasn't until he was hastily putting his groceries on the counter at the checkout that he heard the little boy again.
He felt Steve's lips press against his head. "I'll try."
The hand with the broken fingers flails up, desperately grappling for the curtain divider.
"We're all damaged in some way, Clint. It's what makes us so
He was halfway down the sidewalk when a hand grabbed at his elbow, "Sir!"
"And it was a new pot that hadn't been used, so no chance for cross contamination," added Bruce. "Rice Chex are gluten free. So are all the vegetables and fruits he's been eating. Bagels, however, are not."
"What?"
"We're not going to chart." Clint was shaking his head. "And anyway, our fans pay a lot of money to get front row at these events, a twenty-five minute set isn't worth it for them to waste hundreds of dollars."
a scientist.
font -- spelling out
to tell you that!" It made Howard step back, stumbling into the stool behind him by the viciousness of the accusation. "What the hell is wrong with you?!"
Tony huffed in disbelief. "Yeah? And when did that happen?"
Pepper smiled at her and turned back to Tony, tapping under his chin.
Retrieving one of the washcloths he had placed at the edge of the tub, Steve lathered it up with body wash, eucalyptus, the same scent Tony used daily.
She took a deep breath. "Okay, how about this? I know that you guys don't know me from a hole in the wall, but I want to
"Shh," Steve consoled, his voice barely above a whisper, "go back to sleep." Gently, he laid Tony down at the head of the unmade bed and tugged the covers over him. Tony's eyes popped open, but Steve lightly placed his hand over them, tempting Tony back into dreams. "Rest, Tony. I'll make dinner."
Once again, those dark thoughts had to go. So, Tony mentally shut the drawer he kept them in and locked it.
"High possibility with your symptoms. In fact, I'll order the celiac panel, along with your other bloodwork," Avery noted in the chart. "What have you been eating?"
A voice towards the middle called out, "Gluten free Iron Man!" sending the whole place into wild laughter.
Tony was whining with need. His slowly stroked himself, his fingers moving inside, pulling them out to tease the opening, flicking against it and rubbing. It was torturous, but so, so good.
But not America. Which left her without any more questions at the moment, but also with two very inebriated men.
As the storm grew stronger, umbrellas were taken out and raincoats pulled up to protect their children from the downpour. Crossing guards pulled up their plastic hoods, hurrying parents and children across the busy intersection, laughing as they all got drenched from the sudden downpour.
"I can live with that," Tony says. It's information, and Tony will never say no to knowledge. Learning is part of what keeps him together.
the father!"
A thoughtful look washes over Coulson's face. His eyes are twinkling just a little, and Tony knows the answer before he even says it. "You. You were one of my charges."
"Let me go talk to him. Just give me some time to get to the bottom of this."
Howard's mouth dropped.
"What's what?"
"You're right, I didn't know that." Clint snarked back. "And I honestly don't care." He paused. "I need a new phone anyway."
"Huh?"
"What about Steve? He still prefers pad and pencil. Oh, yeah," his voice took on his signature sarcasm, "He's also straight."
Tony was absolutely wrecked. His mouth hung open as his head was pulled back, having to lift his upper body to the onslaught.
"Didn't want to spoil it." He kissed Tony again, deeper this time. A more proper hello.
So, with the steam rising from the Iron Man mug he totally didn't buy himself (wasn't Amazon grand?), Steve Rogers opened a brand new Word document and placed his hands on the keyboard.
"Perfection!" He bounced back up. "Very cushy carpet. A+ design."
"One in the same." In a rare moment of physical comfort, Natasha put her hand on Steve's arm. "He's going to be okay, you know that, right? He's too stubborn to not be."
and they've decided to amplify his fears of being alone as a punishment. The tacky white walls are just a bonus. But up ahead, the second to last door on the right is opening, and Yinsen is stepping out.
"God forbid," laughed Steve, stealing a quick kiss before banging the masher on the side of the pot to get the excess off. He tossed it into the sink.
Clint hid a laugh behind his hand, "Jovial?" He was ignored, but Howard appreciated the lightness, even if he didn't feel any better for it.
But he still wouldn't change it. Tony was always unashamedly Tony, and Steve adored that about him.
Bruce raised his brows at that.
Tony laughed, "Been too long, mi amigo, how's it hanging?"
"I shudder at the thought!"
"He arrived while you were shopping," JARVIS answered, his steady voice always a comfort to Bruce.
"That's War Machine," Clint explained, as Rhodey stepped onto the pad and the suit began to disassemble, "it's a combat suit, like a very powerful exoskeleton." Howard was listening, but his gaze was again locked onto Rhodey. "The one in the picture, the-" he turned to Nat, and she nodded, "the world knows him as Iron Man."
"Gonna wake him?"
Gingerly, he took the debit card from her hand, "Thank you, I, uh, sorry."
"Miss Potts, can I be candid?"
"He's in the workshop. Think he needed some time by himself, he'll come up for food though." Steve laughed, "for your pancakes especially."
"I've wanted you since the moment I set eyes on you, Mr. Stark."
When he finished, he didn't feel any lighter. Getting the story out hadn't helped in the slightest. As his eyes focused on Howard, he felt his skin crawl. He needed someone to blame along with himself.
Sighing, Howard conceded, "That's a fair point. I'll-I'll talk to him." He dropped his chin to his chest. "I promise."
He could hear the exasperation in Steve's voice.
"What am I? A little girl?" He spat out, furiously wiping his eyes. "Three times in one day, for real?"
"What are you looking for,
"Stop that!" With a squeak, Tony batted Steve's hand away and protectively placed his own over his rather ticklish tummy. Which was, of course, just one more thing to endear Steve to him. Who would guess that Tony Stark was ticklish?
"I think so. But Steve hates me."
Forcing his eyes away, Steve tried to temper down the longing that began to boil within him. Not just for missing Tony, but for wanting his own best friend. His biggest missing piece.
She smiles, her hand coming to brush his hair away from his forehead. "It means 'kitten.' It's a term of endearment."
was worth the bullets I put in them."
Steve placed the tray on the dresser and crawled onto the bed, sliding his legs under the blankets and pulling Tony close. "JARVIS, get the blinds?"
After she left him alone, he wandered the living room, picking up one of the tablet things Natasha had confiscated the night before. If she didn't want him on it, she shouldn't have left them out.
Tony leaned over the railing, looking down at the rushing water. "It is, isn't it." He was in the same position as his counterpart in the story, and the thought of that sent another bolt of arousal though him. He stepped back, lest he get any ideas about flinging his pants off and begging Steve to use his tongue in him.
"No!" Steve yelled, stepping closer, his body language full of fury, "No! You were thinking of yourself! Which is what you
It was everything she wanted--everything she had worked for! "Eighteen months?"
he heard his mind supply.
Tony was obviously a Boy Scout in another life.
"Tony," Steve's quiet voice breaks through the fear. A small light he can walk towards, something to guide him back. "Tony, please. I love you."
"Oh, fuck, Steve, fuck!"
idea!"
"Hmm?" Steve answered, pressing his lips against Tony's head and inhaling the scent of his own shampoo in Tony's curls. "Right about what?"
Could it really be true? Could Steve want Tony? Even if the genius didn't think he was good enough, Steve sure seemed to think so. That had to mean something, right?
"Can I have him?"
And Tony almost sobbed in relief. "Yes! Yes, you can kiss me! Jesus, Steve. I love you too." And he was laughing, and so was Steve. It was such an exhilarating feeling, so freeing. Like the first step outside after a long winter and it was finally warmer.
"Yes. But it's worth it. You know it. That's why you haven't jumped down my throat yet. Tell me I'm wrong." His voice was challenging, and she was taken aback momentarily by the passion he spoke with; however, he was right.
"We'll work on it. Do you trust me?"
"I had some help."
"Because of some giant green thing?" Leaving the doorway, Howard moved right into his space. "You don't seem dangerous."
had turned out to barely be worth the air he breathed, Tony was worth the whole of the atmosphere. Somehow, he had done that right. Despite it all, his child grew into a good and kind man, one willing to forfeit his own life for people he didn't even know.
At a quarter past noon, he put the coffee on and returned to the bedroom. Tony was lying on his side, curled up in the blankets, his soft breaths the only sounds in the room. Steve had to tug the comforter down a bit to find his face - still peaceful in sleep - to lightly kiss. Waking Tony could be dangerous, but Steve knew his best bet was a light press of the lips along Tony's. It didn't hurt that he scrunched his face up so damn cutely when he did that as well.
"We have a whole plan now." Clint added with a smirk.
"Down, boy." Tony tried to joke again, looking up at him.
With A glimmer of hope back into his eyes, Steve tugs Tony forward, his elbow hooked in tight to his and propelling him faster. Tony laughs, willing his shorter legs to move just a little quicker so he can keep up with Steve and not fall into the fresh snowdrifts building up around the just opening newspaper stands and blue USPS mailboxes.
"I can clearly
"And after all you've survived and accomplished, you still don't think you deserve any of it! Tony, for fuck's sake, all your family's money did was ensure you wouldn't have debt when you graduated. Everything else, you created yourself!"
Clint clunked down next to Tony and started undoing his seatbelt. "So? What else is new? Welcome to the dark side, Dr. Banner."
"Don't say it!" Tony warned. But as usual, Bruce has no qualms putting Tony in his place.
Grasping around the edge of the bed, he found his cellphone and sent out a quick text:
Finally having Tony back in his arms made it difficult, but Steve managed to keep the shower brief. They washed quickly, even considering how Steve took the loofah from Tony's hands to wash his thighs and butt, proclaiming that he
The shifting inside him ceased. One piece of the puzzle -- the most important piece -- was back in place.
Tony shrugged. "Then get the fuck out. You expect me to give you that much, and you don't tell me why?" His lips turned up into a sneer. "Get the fuck outta here. The fuck do I look like?"
Nat shook her head, "Maria, this is Avengers business. It's no offence to SHIELD, but we've got this covered. Locking Howard away wasn't going to help anyone, and you know that."
"You gonna carry it?" He mockingly cowered when she raised her fist again, holding up his hands in defeat. "Okay! Okay! Uncle! Uncle! I'll carry it!"
"You okay?"
Steve gave him a small smile, not a real one, but a smile nonetheless. "It's okay. Tony, it's okay. I shouldn't have avoided you." And he walked away, back inside the tower and far from the man who loved him quietly.
It was hard to breathe.
Tony opened himself up, exposing his hole, allowing what was basically a perfect stranger to see the most intimate part of him. It made Steve's heart surge. The vulnerability from one of the most feared--and apparently loved and respected--mafia bosses, the trust...it was breathtaking.
"I'll lay clothes out on your bed. And there's breakfast for you in the kitchen."
"Steve'll be home soon, you should give that back."
"General manager. Come with me, we have one of the more private couches open."
"That's not the point, Tones. It's gonna hurt right now because you never let yourself really feel the pain he caused. You gotta feel your way through it. You do that, and you'll be healed."
He screamed. "Steve!" And his world exploded in a burst of white, his cock spurting his seed in ropes upon ropes across his stomach, his legs shaking in the intensity.
"Hey! Go fuck yourself!" But Tony was laughing, hand reaching for the tray before Howard angled himself away.
complicated."
Natasha turned to her, sizing up her intentions before answering. "We don't know, he goes to the doctor tomorrow."
He couldn't keep his best friend Bucky, and there was no way he could keep Tony.
"What can I do ya for, Natashalie. Business or pleasure?" Tony said, standing and stretching. Looked like he was going to be staying in the workshop. His couch was comfy as hell anyway.
away from them, and Stane's not even connected with their brand anymore."
"Love your big ol' brain."
, and he was sure she'd be a fantastic mother. He
"Wasn't he the one that told you?" Tony asked, pulling out a stool for Clint to sit on.
Thor laughed. He threw his head back, and thunder rumbled beyond the windows. "Only one has that delicious fruit on it. I promise." The teacup looked absurdly small in his hands as he sipped from it. "I agree about the social norms you speak of. There are certain things in which they are necessary, but the dictation of whom somebody can love is not one of them."
"Shut up, Steven." Tony mumbled, passing under the arch and entering. He was at once faced with a wall, open on either end to the room behind it, the large expanse covered in another mosaic, this time, one of the Chitauri ships. In bold letters were the words:
Steve's hand shot down to clamp around the base of his length in an attempt to stave off his orgasm. In all the years he’d wanted Tony, he never once thought that him
"Director Fury," Howard shakily struck his hand out, "I-- I am so sorry for the mess I caused. I take full responsibility."
Sitting up and tucking his knees under himself, Steve dug his fingers into the waistband of the pajama bottoms Tony wore, "Nope. She can wait." And he pulled the bottoms off in one fluid movement.
Steve reached up and grabbed the bottle, batting Tony's hand away, "You love it."
And Tony felt a spark of hope flare to life inside his chest.
"When I'm cold and dead, Nat, only when I'm cold and dead."
"I've been praying for this, Cap."
"She's intense. But once you get to know her, she's nothing more than a little kitten." Coulson reassures.
Steve hummed in answer. "Tell my slut how pretty he is."
"Fuck! Fucking hell! Steve!" His voice was growing hoarse, the combination of the two toys sending him close to the edge. He let go of his cock, determined to come just like his counterpart in the story.
It's hard to get a reading on Coulson, and that's quite frustrating for Tony. Centuries of having to hide who he is have made him nearly impenetrable. It's honestly a little bit admirable; Tony has worked hard for his entire adult life to lessen his tells and keep people from ever fully understanding him. It's protection. If people didn't know the real him, then they couldn't hurt him. It's just another thing that Coulson will teach him, whether the older angel knows it or not.
"That's despicable."
There was, after all, plenty of room for one more.
The crunching of snow beside him stops, and Tony turns to see that Steve is frozen where he stands, the snow drifting around his features, with a dumbfounded expression on his face. It makes Tony blush, just a bit. He is fully aware that this is probably revealing  too much, but he can't bring himself to care. He
"Hey! No fair, you're taller than me!" He jokingly scolded, sticking his tongue out at Steve. Maturity was never his strong suit. With a grin, he hopped, changing the pace into a skip, "We're off the see the wizard!"
Staring back at him from the mirror over the sink was a stranger. He felt disconnected, like he was floating above his own life. His eyes were hollow and dark, and under them, the skin was bruised and tired. He looked sick and sallow. His thumbs were stinging, and when he looked down, he saw that he had unconsciously picked at his cuticles until the skin around his nails was raw and bleeding.
"Well then. Back to the fun." Tony walked around the table, grabbed the lube from his desk, and flopped onto the couch. "Decision made!" He yelled, throwing his hands in the air in self victory. Dum-E whirred exasperatingly, and wheeled away, apparently not interested in seeing his daddy get his rocks off.
Across town, Happy was dropping off the other three Avengers present at a Whole Foods. Clint was making a face. "I hate these yuppy stores."
She didn't really know what was going on. Despite all their years of knowing each other, Tony was still very good at hiding things from her. Had she known, she never would have interrupted his sleep.
Steve looked close to tears, he was crouched down, next to Tony, one hand on the suit, next to the unlit arc reactor, the other resting on his own thigh. Underneath the mosaic it read:
"Am not," Howard muttered, scrunching his nose. "Maybe a little."
dropped.
It flashes into Tony's mind immediately: The horrible, twisted demon-like creature, the screams of the civilians, and the old man who never stood a chance that Steve tried to save anyway. "You did everything you could."
And the problems it caused for Tony's existence… she didn't know if any amount of safety wrapping could protect him.
Steve gripped his waist, lifting Tony off and on his cock, his hips rocking up into the thrusts as Tony wailed and whimpered with each pulse in and out. He could feel Tony's body trembling, his orgasm nearer and nearer with every hit against his prostate.
He made quick work of preparing himself, having to squeeze his balls to stop himself from coming too soon, too worked up from all the time he had spent with Steve, too overwhelmed with how much he loved him.
Tony glanced up, it was the man who had been too far to help, but had tried anyway. So those three with the phones weren't the only ones who knew who he was. The rest of the New Yorkers and tourists just had more class.
"He's sick."
"Sadist."
"Fuck. Shit. Yeah, bad joke. Can I take that back?"
"It's, oh fuck, it's Italian. Expensive. Shit, right there!"
"Whatever," Clint shot back, disappearing into the hallway.
"Thanks for pointing that out, you're such a good friend." Tony mumbled, elbowing Clint lightly. He turned to a waitress, "Hey! You mind taking a picture of us? Please and thank you!"
"And breakfast tomorrow morning," Steve added.
They took a cab back to the tower, the weather a bit too chilly to keep the food warm, and ascended in the elevator. Natasha smacked Clint's hand away each time he tried to pick an onion slice up to eat it. "Stop it, we're almost there!"
"And he's
"I've noticed he doesn't do well with carbs." Clint responded. "Seems all the meals he got sick with had them."
With nothing more to say, Steve left him, entering his room silently and letting the door click behind him. He let his enhanced hearing follow Howard down the hallway and waited until his own door shut before texting Tony and dropping his head back against the door. The important thing now wasn't being angry with Howard. It was reconnecting with Tony, something they both needed.
It was apt, Bruce thought, when he compared the flowers to the team. Not that they were delicate by any stretch of the word, but when it came to Hulk, he just didn't know his own strength. The Other Guy was opening up more and more when it came to them, accepting the others like he did Tony. But even Thor wasn't strong enough to withstand a Hulk hug.
Rhodey put his arm around Tony and pulled him close. "This is a fucked up situation, Tony, you don't have to be all macho about it, you know."
took to Tony right away. Partially for the same reason.
"I'd wait until you were done. And then I'd shove my tongue inside him. I'd lick you out of him."
"Now," Steve said when Tony's breath started to become ragged, "it's your show."
He hears the door open into his private living room, and the hallway light spills into his bedroom as Steve lets himself in. He doesn't move. Just keeps his gaze out toward the skyline, his back to Steve. If he can focus on the stars that make it through the ambient city light, then he doesn't have to think about Steve being in his bedroom.
"Anthony! Come, I am here to escort you inside, so that these parasites will leave you alone." Thor held out his hand, clapping it on Tony's back and guiding him. Natasha gave him a smirk.
She punched his arm.
"Okay?"
That night, he donned on his best clothes, took the tin from the ice box, and headed back to the speakeasy.
has his reasons. Leave him alone and
She snorted as Tony entered the kitchen, Steve's arms still wrapped around him. "Pot, meet kettle."
Tony nodded and stood, grabbing his overnight bag and walking off the quinjet, his legs wobbly and weak. He walked right past Thor, Bruce, and Howard in the living room, ignoring their attempts to garner his attention.
Tony was in the same spot, the same chair, only this time, he sat forward, eagerly watching Steve as he weaved through the crowd, an expression on his face that sent a bolt through Steve's body. He wore a three-piece; dark blue and tailored to fit his frame. Steve's breath caught momentarily while looking at him. The man was beautiful. His eyes, dark brown and filled with things Steve couldn't even begin to understand, somehow still stood out like stars in the dim lighting of the club. Bright Eyes indeed.
Tony tilts his head. "He is. But what?"
"-And not the last." Clint added. He was pulling the milk from the fridge.
Tony stretched and rolled over into his stomach, bringing his right leg partly up and clutching the pillow. It was how he slept when he didn't have Steve to curl up against. "Yeah, yeah," he mumbled, "gather your thoughts. Just tell me he's going back to whatever fires of hell he came from." His eyes closed.
"You good?" She looked him up and down.
"And the fridge," Steve added, opening it, "All things we can all eat, down to the condiments." He picked up a bottle of soy sauce, "See? This one is gluten free!"
"You're hilarious," Tony complained, sitting up and climbing onto the couch to sit next to Steve, right side up. He smiled devilishly, startling Steve with a yell, "
Groaning, Steve rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Or something. Does everyone know?"
Howard awoke to the brightness of the day. It was awful. His head was clanging with the insistent stampede of a high school band, and his mouth was as dry as a cracker. He groaned and rolled over, flopping to his stomach with one hand hanging off the bed. Eyes barely open to the intruding sun of the bedroom.
thought the same of himself - as a father, not a mother, let's not be ridiculous - when he was a young man. That one day, he'd grow up and have a family and he'd be the kind of father
She scowled. "Back up, Stark."
Tony didn't sleep. Which honestly was predictable of him. He pretended to, of course, to appease Steve, and frankly - even awake - lying in Steve's arms was pure bliss. He waited until six before untangling himself, surprised that Steve was not yet awake. Even with all of the excitement the night before, he slept on.
"True. Could be worse," Rhodey said casually, "he could have become an evil villain instead of a mad scientist with a hero complex."
Turning, Tony grabbed him and kissed him one last time, before he was gone, following his men up through a hidden exit. He looked back once, catching sight of Steve slipping through an open window to safety, and knowing he'd never see him again.
"Second door."
day, something he's all too familiar with when he visits Peggy.
"I'll let you sleep in one of your teammate’s beds. Because I know that they know that I'll skin them alive if they try anything with you."
"Tony, you're creating problems that-"
"Nats," he said as he slid into their booth, using one of his nicknames she wasn't fine with but for whatever reason allowed him to say, "If this about the whole subway fiasco, save it."
This is it! The final chapter!!
"People need to learn that you don't touch my damn friends."
"Huh?"
added. She wanted to punch him. Now was not the time for his particular brand of comedy. But when she shot a glare on his direction, she saw he looked just as stricken as the rest of them.
Hill waved her hand, dismissing Clint's bad joke like she had so many others. "How's he taking having his father here? I'm not partial to the details, but I know enough from interacting with Stark to know a bad childhood when I see one."
It was honestly the best meal any of them had in a long time.
"Right behind you, Sookie."
This sets Steve off again, and Tony realizes that, no, he isn't completely okay with what had happened in Rochester, but at least for the moment, he is in good spirits. Tony has succeeded in that.
"And miss how perky you are after you downed an entire bottle of wine all by your onesies? Absolutely not."
"You're welcome, Captain Rogers." There was a pause. "I bet you Alexa can't do that."
Chuckling, Rhodey pulled the suit up, preparing to land. "I knew I needed something quirky to get you out of the tower. I just did my research." Tony pulled up beside him, appreciating the lengths Rhodey always went to in order to help Tony. "No one can fly these other than us. Let's just take that empty spot in front of the building on the road. Two suits, one spot, and no, I'm not interested in whatever perverted pun you're about to say."
in the world has come close to this technology."
Howard was just coming out of the bathroom as Steve walked down the hallway, and Steve paused, unsure of what to do. He was given a hesitant smile as Howard paused in the doorway. "Go ahead," he gestured with a sweep of his arm indicating that Steve could pass.
"Honestly?" Clint shrugged, leaning forward to grab a yellow pad with his scratchy handwriting on it, "After we had sent him back."
This is exactly why Clint hated getting involved with other people's business. Not that it ever stopped him.
Sucking on a breath at the words, his chest rising sharply as arousal spiked through him, Tony let one of his knees go to grapple at Steve's shoulder. "I stick it to the wall. In my bedroom-" He gasped as Steve rubbed his prostate just a little harder as a reward for telling him. "-In the shower. Anywhere I want. And I sit on it. It's huge, like you. Fills me so good."
Duly noted.
"It's not much."
"Oh. Does he hate me too?"
"Tony," her voice is alarmed, "what do you want?"
The engineer had made light of a serious situation, which in retrospect probably wasn't the smartest move a genius could make. But at the time, Bruce felt a sense of comfort and happiness that someone didn't feel afraid of him. Tony judged Bruce simply by his brain. Bruce was smart. He was as smart as Tony, maybe even more so, depending on who you asked, but Bruce didn't count the numbers like that. Tony knew things he could never and vice versa. They were both exceptional at different fields of scientific study. Tony didn't care that Bruce had a giant green problem, he only saw Bruce's intelligence. That's how he was judged the first time they met. For once, someone didn't shy away from him. They didn't cower in fear.
The late July evening was hot, the setting sun casting a pinkish hue over the tower as Tony dipped back inside from the terrace to grab the steaks from where they were on the counter to his and Steve's kitchen. Steve tilted his head appreciatively as Tony walked through the door, enjoying the view.
need a manager. We just need an extra set of hands."
"That's a lie," Rhodey swatted at him, "and you know it."
Clint was panting, his fist close to a blur, his back bent over as he gave into the pleasure. "So fucking pretty, so fucking beautiful, I'm going to make him filthy."
Steve gestured to the other side of the writing; these photos were different. They weren't just post battle, they were post everything. The next day, the weeks to come, Avengers not in their uniforms, walking in and out of Stark Tower, getting into cars, Bruce having lunch with Tony, Natasha buying a coffee with Clint, Thor laughing in Times Square, and Steve on one of his runs.
Steve cuts her off. "He's dead, Nat. Tony's dead!" It hits quickly, the acceptance, and Steve feels the hot tears he was holding back spill over and slide in fat drops down his cheeks.
"Don't you turn this on me! You're messing with time! That's dangerous!"
Tony pushed down on the vibrator, sending the tip up and into his prostate. "Ohh, fuck, Steve...fuck!"
Tony was aging well. Graceful, even. Still gorgeous even at Forty-three - and Rhodey was not ashamed to admit that. Howard seemed to be on the same track.
The brisk October morning was colorful, the trees turning vibrant shades of yellow and gold with the wind twiddling through the leaves like a hand through hair. Tony pulled his coat tighter around his neck and turned towards the fans bundled up outside the restaurant. He recognized them from various events and smiled warmly, "Hi, beautifuls!"
"Not everyone wants you, you know."
He had spent sixteen years searching for Steve Rogers with no headway; it was infuriating.
It was the wrong thing to say. Tony knew Rhodey figured that out as soon as the words left his mouth, but Tony was the one who had brought Steve up. Rhodey couldn't blame himself for that. "Hey, don't worry about it." Tony looked down, unable to face what he knew was an open and honest expression across his best friend's features. "It's fine, really. Let's order."
"We have really awesome fans. And a lot of them," this time Steve, looking at her with a shy grin.
It was like his two worlds were finally connecting, the seventy year gap closing. He felt like a worn pair of much loved jeans, finally being patched after sitting at the bottom of a drawer for months.
Steve barked a laugh and headed to the ambulance, hopping up and sitting on the bench next to the gurney. Tony looked up at him, his expression open and hopeful and Steve found himself cautiously optimistic.
"Open the file."
Clint didn't even look up from his book. "You are not removing Howard's fingernails."
"I have a plane—"
"Shield therapist said it would help to channel my anger into something constructive." She said, not looking up from the puzzle.
Rolling his eyes, Bruce shrugged. He walked down the aisle and tossed in a box of organic fruit snacks and a box of high end crackers. "And your total for seven items is $564."
Steve gave him a pointed look. "We will be talking about that again."
"He might. But Steve-" Tony looked up at him, his face pleading. "-He also might not. I'd rather have a chance than none at all."
"We can try for civil," Natasha said, taking the menus from Clint's outstretched hand, "but no promises for Steve and Tony. Bruce too, but he's more Zen than us in general."
She grunted, "Firstly, that's a dated term. Secondly,
He giggled. Tony Stark legitimately giggled. "I love you too, you know." And Steve laid him on the bed, pausing to kick his shoes off and help Tony with his before laying between Tony's legs and kissing him like it would save both their lives.
"Probably not, but when he's back, we can ask," Bruce proposed, "if anything, he might have some insight."
He held his hand up to stop her. "We represent some of the biggest names in music and movies. So far you've dealt with
"Speaking of ten foot poles-"
My apologies for getting this up a few hours late, my dumb ass got distracted! But I hope you all enjoyed the ride! All the thanks to MountainKestral for being the beta to beat all betas and my own personal comma wrangler, Lan for being an amazing cheer reader and beta (as well as an amazing friend!), Wilmakins for always being so supportive and the best cheer reader you can get (seriously, she is like a ball of positive energy!), and to all the readers who've kept with the story from start to finish, plus all the new readers who may have just discovered my little story.
"I know the circumstances are wild, I know at the end of everything that's happened in your life and his, that you're both just ordinary men. We all are. And it's never going to be simple." Gently, Rhodey put his hand on Tony's forearm, aware that the truce between them all was tentative at best at the moment. "Believe me, Tones, I wish, fuck, I know
Chapter Two: Badonkadonk
He can see the wheels turning in that brilliant mind. Tony's brows are furrowed, dissecting the puzzle set before him. "Yeah, burgers sound good."
"Steve, if you're not handling this well either-"
is Howard Stark, who sent himself to the future and made Tony trust him and started building a relationship with him." He looked close to letting his fellow assassin go to town, Thor noted the edge he heard just underneath his voice. "Tony came out to him about him and Steve and he-- he--!" His anger too much, Barton gestured wildly, letting his frustration show the rest of the story.
"You heard me. They've seen it all. And they
Pepper knew that it might mean she would never meet Tony, but she loved him enough to take that chance.
"Over-reading what?" But then Steve is kissing him, and Tony is kissing back. And all around them, the snow keeps falling, and in the distance, the sun is rising, casting its glow on a brand new February morning.
"What do you want?" Tony asked, looking up at him, lips swollen with kisses and his long lashes fluttering against his cheeks. He looked so pretty, so alluring, Steve could hardly contain himself.
Howard Stark had traveled to the future.
Tony smiled, "And that's okay? I mean, it's not going to ruin the team or anything?"
"Look at you," he purred, his hands shoving the discarded pants to the side and hurrying back to touch Tony's legs. He let his fingers trace up the back of Tony's calves, relishing in the shiver and moan that his touch caused. "So glad my eyesight is perfect," he whispered, kissing the inside of Tony's left knee. "I don't want to miss a second of this." Palms flat, he tucked under Tony's thighs and lifted, pulling Tony's ass closer to the edge of the seat and resting his legs on the arms of the chair so Tony was spread out for him, his pretty little hole winking in anticipation.
Tony griped, "That's what I was
"Seems an odd thing," Tony commented, "to hold onto."
He can't lose another person he loves.
How do you all think Howard will react?
Such a monster.
Steve turned from the garbage he was trying to shove the empty pizza box into, "Are you kidding me? He only listens to me marginally more than he did before our relationship."
Rhodey had already written his best man's speech. He wasn't ashamed. It was good too, just the right amount of sentiment mixed with humor and memories. Love for both Tony and Steve. They were the real deal, a romance that Hollywood would be envious of, two damaged men finding their missing pieces in each other. Finally, Tony could put all of his trauma behind him.
Howard chuckled, his shoulders easing. "The apple doesn't fall far, I see."
It took a few discreet calls to the right people to make the custom Snellen Eye Chart and some clever hiding to keep his assistants and the other doctor at the office from finding it before Tony came in. Lucky for him, Bucky was working tech the day of Tony’s appointment, and what were best friends for if not to unobtrusively switch out the normal chart for the dirty one? Maybe he owed Bucky a bottle of Johnny Walker Blue, but to be fair, Bucky already owed him for Steve introducing him to Natasha the spring before.
No wonder Tony barely left the tower these days.
"That's because you're
It's on every single news station, and Steve can't reach Tony. He's growing frantic with every unanswered phone call. Hitting redial each time Tony's voicemail picks up, his panic edging up his esophagus.
He kissed the back of Tony's neck and lifted him by his hips. Tony helped by bracing himself on the tub as Steve lined his cock up and slipped inside him once more.
Tony laughed quietly to himself. Bruce tried, he really did, to go tit for tat with Tony, but really, who could win against the king of banter?
"Oh, come on!" He chucked in response, "I was comforting him!"
"Agent Barton, they're better be a damn good reason you have for stopping me!" he snapped, flinging around to face him. "Where is Tony?!"
"Okay, uh -- That is a U! All right, hold on," shifting in the chair to get more comfortable, Tony blinked, and started again. "D-O-Y-O-U...W...A? Yes, A. N...T… M-Y?" Pausing he sat back and rubbed his eyes. "My prescription is shot, Doc."
But no! Of course not. I had to act like a child having a tantrum, and that just
Tony's eyes, dark as they were, had never been quite so dim. In the diminishing light of the evening as he struggled to sit up in bed and take the tray of food, his eyes flickered up to meet Steve's. Vantablack. That's what Steve saw. Black holes that swallowed the light. Rimmed with a pale shade of red from the tears he’d forced back and packaged with bags below them. Large eyes, round and doll-like, beautiful in their unusual shape, with his long lashes and impish gleam. Their fans could write poems about them and often did. Steve wondered what their admirers would say if they could see Tony's eyes at that moment.
"I'm an asshole inventor trying to be a better person and honestly failing half the time. All the money in the world can't make me as good as he is."
Rolling onto his other side, Tony studied the empty half of the bed. It hadn't been used. Either Steve hadn’t slept or he’d slept elsewhere. Both ideas bothered Tony more than he could ever describe. He almost expected Steve to be in the armchair across the room or see the bathroom light on, but the chair was vacant and the door was ajar with the bathroom beyond dark.
The exclamation had Steve grinning around Tony's cock. Gently, with one hand pressed against Tony's abdomen, he pushed Tony back against the chair, slowly bobbing his head as he did so, his other hand anchored on Tony's left thigh.
Nodding again, Tony left before he could say anything else, hurrying back down the hallway and escaping into his rooms, blinking away tears. He closed the door soundlessly and leaned against it. Before anything else, he needed to get himself under control. There was no way he could walk into the kitchen to face Steve and Bruce like this.
Placing the bacon and a plate filled with eggs on the table, Steve gave Tony an inquisitive look.
They get to work right away. Steve starts by packing a tight snowball and begins rolling it along the ground, gathering snow and girth; Tony starts the head. They cross paths a few times, laughing and kicking snow at each other like two teenagers without a care in the world. By the time Tony is satisfied with the smooth circumference of his snowman's head, Steve has already finished both the larger bottom of their creation and the slightly smaller midsection.
"You were smarter than him. Better than him. You did nothing to deserve that, Tony. You deserved the world. Still do." The waitress walked over, two drinks and two plates on a tray. Tony looked at Rhodey, puzzled. He smiled, "I ordered for us while you are figuring things out." Espresso and a brownie with ice cream. It was exactly what Tony would have chosen for himself.
Maybe he did have a chance, after all.
"Oh, for the love of-You're infuriating! Do you know that?!" Her fingers twitched, like she wanted to knock some sense into him, literally.
"Yeah, but it's Bruce."
"I'm chopped liver when you're around."
He can't do this. He can't let Steve fuck up his own life by letting Tony in. It doesn't
"Say what? That's it's freezing?"
"Absolutely."
could lose Tony. Do you understand that?"
"Not gonna happen, Tones," he tugged the blanket away from his face, "so you might as well sit up and make this easier on yourself."
"I'm fine, Pep."
"Holy hell, Tony, all the time?!"
Tony snorts into his champagne, looking up from his seat at the dining room table at Steve. He's standing, his own flute raised, looking around the table at his teammates and friends. The Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, all dressed in their evening best. On the table sits their New Year's Day meal, a pork loin, asparagus, roasted potatoes, and baby carrots, all prepared by Bruce and Steve. The smell is heavenly, coalesced with the scent of fresh baked dinner rolls and a hint of the candles lit at either end.
"Bruce, that's perfect," Pepper spoke into the microphone connecting the booth to them, "let's take a break." She looked back over at the other boys, "Go tell Thor, he can pick up on the harmony later, I need lunch."
Narrowing his eyes, he threw his best glare at her. The meanest one he had. And she just laughed.
"You're incredible." He pulled Tony's head to his chest, wrapping his arms around him. They stood that way for several moments, until the elevator dinged. Steve didn't let him go, just guided Tony into the penthouse living room so they wouldn't get shut in the elevator again.
Steve emerged from the bathroom moments later, shaking his hands dry and grinning indulgently. "I carried you to bed."
Howard's company.
And Steve ended up getting that first dance after all. On a balcony in a Venice hotel, while the soft yellow lights of the city cascaded around their bodies. Swaying to music only they heard in the muted blue of an Italian evening, they had let everything go but each other.
Steve sighed happily at Tony's weight against him, readjusting and wrapping his arms around his waist. "It's not sitting right with me, but Fury has a point."
replied: How do you know that?
The last piece came off his suit, and Rhodey stepped towards them, "Barton! Care to tell me why you pulled me out of a meeting at Fort Bragg with a 911 text message and a voicemail demanding I get here
not going to be the one dealing with the fallout."
Tony looks at him incredulously. "How old are you?"
Pulling his legs out from underneath him, Tony sat forward, agitated and annoyed in the way only Rhodey could accomplish. "What's that supposed to mean?"
Eyes closed and face pressed against Steve's chest, Tony whimpers at the movement.
you-" she squeezed his hand at the word
"This!" Tony picked up Steve's hand, showing him the already healing bruises along the knuckles. "You punched someone. You punched- Damn it, Steve!" He was off him in an instant, running to the bathroom and wetting a washcloth, his movements jerky and annoyed. This was decidedly
"Earth's mightiest heroes, my ass." Steve glowered, and turned, holding tightly to Tony and walking off the jet.
"It's okay," Steve gently consoled, shifting to sit on the stool next to Tony, "that's why we're here." Regardless of ulterior motives, of course.
Fuck it all. He really screwed up in coming here.
"Point Break!" Tony called out, stepping from the car.
Kirby's Market and Delicatessen sat facing the tower on the adjacent street. Bruce caught sight of the fresh flowers the owner stacked outside the door as he waited for the signal to switch to
"Not particularly." But Michael takes a deep breath and snaps his fingers. The pain is jarring, and Tony can't help himself. He screams.
, he wants to rip it off. The movements jostle the catheter and send flares of pain through his hand.
"Not him I'm worried about! He's got no interest in me!" She actually screamed in frustration, silencing him for just a moment. Then, "You need to talk about whatever it is that's bothering you?"
"That bad?"
Tony sighed, "More…"
Clint. Of course he knew. How could she have ever thought otherwise?
"To be continued." Swinging his feet over the edge of the bed, Steve kissed Tony quickly and stood, hurrying to the bathroom.
Joseph trades a look with Michael, who's beaming, and hands over the texts. "Your mentor will go over these with you."
me too!"
"I'm huge fucking mess, Steve. You sure you want to open this particular can of worms?"
"I think I remember seeing someone with a camera."
idea. He scooted up to the head of the bed and onto his back, twinning his fingers with Tony's as the smaller man lifted one knee to fit himself over Steve's body, hovering over his length that was already again erect. Steve let his fingertips glide up Tony's thighs and around to his ass, squeezing and kneading the round globes as Tony grabbed the lube and slicked Steve.
The door opened again, this time revealing Barton, Thor, and finally Bruce. They entered talking amongst themselves, arguing, it seemed, over something Barton had said earlier. The conversation was short lived once they saw the sight in front of them.
"Mr. Stark," Rhodey held his hand up to quiet him, "those are a lot of questions I'm not sure I can answer."
Tony contemplates what it means to be in love with Steve.
. The Avengers' stock is still worth a pretty penny, I get that, but it'll be worth
Jarvis paused, and his electronic voice was gentle and paternal when he spoke again. "Captain Rogers loves you. That much I know. Excuse me, sir, for being frank, but if he denies you, he's an absolute imbecile."
"But every effort I make, he's there telling Tony I will never change."
"And your doctor wants you to chill out and stop trying to clog your veins." Tony responded, looking over his glasses at him. "If Bruce hears-"
, but honestly, who was going to tell Tony Stark he couldn't use a bunch of chemicals he found under his kitchen sink to make a bomb. No one got hurt and the black scorch marks in the middle of the meadow were the only clues as to who was there.
The air around them stilled. "What happened?"
As Tony leaned against the door frame and sipped black coffee from a Thor themed mug, he wondered at the absurdity of it all.
"I'm not disputing that." Feeling bolstered, Rhodey set the coffee on the tray. Tony ate the apple slice, took a long drink of the coffee, and went back to the sandwich. Rhodey felt his heart lift, just a little, but it was something.
Chapter nine will be up next Friday and the epilogue will be up the Friday after that.
Howard was nonplussed. He dropped his hand to his side and rocked back on his heels. "I gotta tell ya, this century, damn, it's fascinating! You can just fly anywhere in that thing? Where does it go when that thing-" he gestured to the landing pad, "-takes it off you? Do you put it back on the same way? How does it work? What powers it? What-"
Tony nodded, a small miniscule movement that told Steve all he needed to know about his current mindset, "Okay."
"I don't know, Steve." The hand leaves his forehead, and he moves slightly, chasing it. It's strange, but it's nice. "Tony Stark is a mystery to me."
This revelation would be so beautiful had he not also realized that Tony could never feel the same way. He could never return that love and devotion. He could never cup Steve's face and tell him he has beautiful eyes.
"No, no, it's
Using every bit of strength he had, Bruce pushed him back.
"We all are, Steve." Natasha's voice is close. He feels a hand on his forehead. It feels nice, but wrong. Strange. Unfamiliar.
Clint stifled a laugh behind his hand.
"I still worry about him."
"It's escapism," Natasha said, leaning against a bookcase and peering around to see Tony, curled up under a blanket. She watched him often, and Steve knew that if Tony had any inkling at all how often Natasha essentially spied on him, he'd be furious.
have known better.
Pounding a fist onto the table, Clint proclaims, "Hear! Hear!"
"I don't even
"Uck, okay, fine!" He growled, sitting up and huffing to the side of the bed, dramatically tossing pillows out of his way. "I'm up! I'm up! Gimme the coffee!"
Was that it? Did he shift so much that there wasn't
Tony didn't listen to him, which was
"I don't know. We're trying to figure it out." Tony answered, rubbing his face. "I'm gonna take a shower, all right?"
Tony learns about what being an angel entails, gets a new job, meets two familiar faces, and finds out something disconcerting about a certain Captain.
Tony made a face, he was trying to! But he really didn't feel like discussing the finer nuances of StonyFan1918's writing. He wanted to experience it instead. So, he lied. "Not yet, in the middle of project."
JARVIS answered her, his tone a little snippy from being unable to do so before. "I have alerted Sir and the Captain. As for Dr. Banner and Thor, they are in the latter's rooms. I shall send along a message to come out."
"Steve…" Tony's voice was quiet as a prayer and his brown eyes fluttered closed, his lashes like a whisper on his cheeks.
