Natacha and Péter immediately perked up, squabble forgotten. The captain, Tony noticed, sat straighter in his chair, a tension appearing around the lines of his mouth that had not been there a moment before.
And what a good job she’d done. She'd made her father sick. Because he
“I get the feeling family dinners are just lovely for you.” Tony quipped.
“I have a condition Harry! You don’t think I’d like to go to school, to join you and the other boys?” Péter swallowed thickly. It wasn’t that he was jealous of Harry, even though every time they met Harry looked older and wiser and brought more stories. It seemed to Péter that Harry had grown up and he hadn’t. Perhaps it was just that. Harry had left childhood behind for something he felt was worthwhile and he had left Péter behind. It was not a feeling he enjoyed and he did not know why his father insisted on it being that way.
He needed her to be calm, to answer all of his questions
“None of our options are good Bucky, but the honeymoon is the best one we have.” Steve pleaded with his back.
There was a lot of Margrit in her. Enough that she’d have no problem becoming a fine (proper) young woman and make a good match one day. But there was a lot of Steve in her too.
“Bucky stop!”
“No Tony don’t!” James shrieked as Tony turned, making like he was going to roll the boy off his shoulder, right on top of his siblings. On the floor Artur had perked up, grinning with the mad sort of delight children got when they played games. It was good to see, and warmed Tony inside, however fleetingly.
“I don’t doubt that.” He murmured in reply, keeping his tone light. “It is not every soldier who receives care from Himmler's best. I’m not under the impression that Himmler would send you to see to
Before he could even formulate an answer Péter had sighed, dropping his gaze to his plate in order to pick at what remained of his meal as he bit out, "How long will you be gone this time?"
JEW LOVERS
“I want to hear about your work with the Munster orphans, Dr. Ehrhandt. It’s bound to be more thrilling than whatever our gentlemen get up to without us.” She playfully swatted at the arm she still held captive, but when her blues eyes met his they were as hard as stone.  They commanded him to behave.
Stefen's mouth split into a fleeting grin as mirth passed through his eyes almost in a flash before it bled away to a grim sort of dread that Tony understood all too well. He felt it himself all too keenly.
“I know what I have to do Bucky,” he assured his friend, laying a firm hand on his shoulder. He was grateful for Bucky, even if his honesty sometimes came with its own kind of pain, he’d always rather hear the truth from him than not.
“You do well with Clinton. He’s a child.”
"Are we all going to stay together?" Maria’s small voice was almost lost over the crackle of the fire. Steve’s eyes burn with the threat of tears. He did his best to blink them away. Swallowing thickly as he forced out the words, “If I can help it, we’ll never be parted again.”
“My father disagrees.”
“You try hiding a gun under here. Just worry about yourself Bakhuizen and don’t let those German bastards get too close.” Harrison hissed back just as the naval car slowed and rolled to a stop a few meters in front of them.
in draperies.”
Slowly the pleasure ebbed and Steve came back to himself, his body shaking in fine tremors.
Bakhuizen glanced behind him eyes meeting Tony’s.
“Bullshit. Stevie I know eats like a horse and grows like one too.”
That was how she knew there was more.
So not getting caught by Pepper (or god forbid any of the other staff) was essential, because Stefen was hardly going to be impressed with Tony getting caught where he shouldn’t be like a naughty child.  He needed to do it during the day he decided, because even he wasn't slick enough to talk his way out of being found in the captain’s study after hours. Performing the search during the day when everyone was up and about meant he had to be quick and stealthy, which proposed a problem because there was still the matter of a locked door and nothing was more suspicious than trying to pick a lock in broad daylight.
it was to see his mother’s face in  Grig’s  features,
Tony could remember few times before this moment when he’d ever been so halcyon. But no sooner had the realization settled upon him, it was followed by guilt twisting through his belly, Frau Neumann’s frightened face filling his mind.
“What kind of book?” he asked and Ian eagerly answered, already knowing exactly what he wanted.
“You’re right. If they separate them, we’ll never get them all back. But we can’t sneak them out of here. It will be easier to take them on the road, but we need them all in the same place.”
Steve clenched the knife he held in his hand as Tony boldly declared, “My father was as German as they come, and my mother Italian. I don’t consider myself unfortunate.”
Tony was rarely late for breakfast. That should have been Steve's first warning, but it happened on occasion, usually when the monk had spent his sleeping hours neck deep in one of his projects.
“Don’t you think James ought to go-” he began to ask meekly but he was quickly shut down.
Tony sounded much more drunk than when Steve had left them. His voice carried that lazy soft slur it sometimes got late at night when they stumbled across each other, similarly exhausted but neither able to find sleep.
He was hiding something. Dvořák wasn’t sure if it was important enough for him to care. If it was personal then that was what it was, it had nothing to do with him.
"Tony, what’s going to happen to us?"  Maria asked suddenly, jerking Tony out of his thoughts. She was looking up at him, her eyes swimming with anxiety once more; and he knew that what she wanted wasn’t the truth. For a horrible moment Tony was torn inside, because he’d promised never to lie to the children, but he wanted desperately to give them to her. Even if they were lies, her faith in him would be a foundation for hope that would brighten days she had yet to realize were numbered.
He’d been surprised by the captain’s curriculum, its emphasis on maths and sciences rather than the socialists beloved racial history and ‘character building’ courses, but he’d almost have welcomed them if only  to stave off the mind numbing endeavor that was educating children who had no interest in an education.
Péter saw red and had to clench his fists tightly and bite his lip not to take a swing at the man. Turning to the rest of their squad Bannführer Lehmann began to give a familiar speech.
“There’s a height requirement for explorers. That’s why I have to eat more vegetables.” Artur explained to his brothers with another small sigh. But there was still a pep in his step as he dashed to his bedside in order to grab the heavy tomb he always kept near since it had been gifted to him.
“How’s your English?” Stefen asked, and a grin overtook Tony’s mouth.
"What I am about to tell you can go no further than this room." Stefen warned, and their pact silently made, Tony lowered the glass and nodded. But Stefen did not speak right away.
“Signor Stark, come in. He’s waiting for you.” The strangers lips twisted in a smirk as he stepped back, waving Tony inside.
Without further prompting Bucky brought his violin into position and drew out the first few rousing bars of a song the Uncles used to play watching as Péter herded his younger siblings into a semi-circle leaving him and Natacha in the middle.
“Morning Captain.” Virginia mumbled tiredly from her seat at the table. She looked as if she’d sat herself down there as soon as she arrived and hardly moved since. She kept her voice low pitched as if the sound of her voice hurt her ears and Tony winced sympathetically.
He heard Natacha murmur to Péter, “Isn’t that Robert and Johann?” and Tony realized that these boys were two of the same ones they’d spotted earlier on their way in. Swallowing past the tightness gripping his throat Tony pushed forward, urging the children silently on
“The boy pleaded with them to stop tormenting the baby snake, and though he must have been very frightened, he offered them a deal. ‘If you give me the snake I will give you all the money I have’. When they found out he had a 100 coins they were eager to make the deal.
Time served, Bucky had snatched up his promised citizenship and left the mountain troopers without a backward glance. He’d been a good soldier, but so had his friends. The price for that piece of paper had been too damn high.
“I think we might have to.”
“So?” Clinton drawled, swinging his legs over the table ledge and kicking them back and forth.
James snickered at the sight of it, berry syrup beginning to dribble down his chin and Bucky made a face at him.
“You have to,” Artur whispered, clutching Maria's hand in his and sucking on the fingers of his free one anxiously. He was too old to still be doing that, Ian thought distantly.
“Cut it out, Tony, I need to know if it’s the children.” Stefen gracelessly batted at Tony's hand once more, with a wheezed huff of frustration.
His hands gripped the wheel tightly as he drove along the track back toward the station, following the well-worn ruts in the snow. The back of the luggage car drew closer and closer, and it was sheer luck that he hadn’t turned to cross the track and head into the station yet when the rear door opened, a slight figure leaping out and landing in a tumble. Another body followed quickly after and if the strange sight hadn’t already been enough reason to stop, the flash of brilliant red hair on top of the second person’s head would have done it.
“He shouldn’t have talked to Vati like that.” Artur mumbled around the fingers in his mouth, looking almost shyly toward his father for approval. Stefen nodded in agreement if somewhat shortly as he responded with an admirable level of gentleness.
“On a hilltop.” she finished her voice nearly a whisper.
“Sure thing boss.”
“It’s got nothing to do with
He could be grateful at least that Hughard had the foresight to set up a trust with the church that Stanislov couldn’t touch. Over a hundred thousand marks. That was a fortune, if considerably smaller than the millions Tony might have inherited otherwise. No matter. It was enough for a man to live comfortably off of for the rest of his days without having to work.
“I know. He taught me when we were boys” Steve admitted, the fondness over the memory warming him to the conversation despite himself.
December 30
“On the contrary. All those cushions and nothing to do but pray all day has taught me to love learning.”
Bucky tried not to slip and break his neck as he slid down the side of the ridge darting between the trees as best he could for cover. He watched Dvorak turn and open fire on the oncoming vehicle and grinned, using the momentary shock of the enemy to his advantage and taking aim at their vehicles.
“Are you saying that because it’s true or because you want me safe and out of the way?” he asked, searching Tony’s face for his real thoughts. It wasn’t that Tony made a habit of lying to them. On the contrary, Tony was too honest with them, and one of the only adults who Peter trusted to be honest when things were bad- but even so, like most adults he liked to make things sound better and more hopeful than they actually were.
Drawers searched, Tony abandoned thought on the book and turned to the bureau beside the desk only to discover that its single fat drawer was firmly locked. Damn, he cursed inwardly, kneeling down to get a good look at the lock. The light wasn’t nearly good enough to peer inside the key hole. He’d have to come back with a torch. Giving up on the chest for now he rose again, this time headed for the bookshelf. Methodically he went through each book, searching for hidden papers, pictures or documents, even going so far as to search the back for hidden compartments. Nothing.  Tony sighed in frustration. Nothing at all to shed any light on what Stefen was up to or how Tony could get word to him.
Akana mukav tut le Devlesa: (Romany) may you remain with God.
“You've been away for a while,” Sam began again, gentler. “I just thought you'd like to spend more time with the children.”
“Get to the garage.” He heard her say. He was already moving. “I’ll wake Harold.”
He started with the barn. A good look through it told him someone had indeed been there. There were footprints, blankets and a few scraps of discarded bandages buried in the hay in the goat pen near the corner. The straw was pressed down in the farthest corner in a shape too big for the old goat who bleated loudly at Bucky’s intrusion and kept sniffing around at his hands like the horse he’d had as a boy.
“Péter…” His name cracked from Tony’s throat and Péter was suddenly, undeniably afraid.  “It’s enough.”
And Tony thought, what good did that do, if Stefen wasn’t coming back?
~*~*~*~
Maria nodded, and Tony was relieved to see that she seemed to accept his answer and for the moment thinking nothing more of the strange interruption, taking her younger sister by the hand and following obediently after Pepper.
Over half of the invitations that came included the children, people eager to foster friendships between their own children and his, eager to say they’d had the Rogers children sing at this party or that party, and with more and more frequency, people eager to discuss setting his older children on the right path with prosperous and politically appropriate matches.
“An investment?” Kirk’s eyebrows arched. “The last I heard the kid joined a monastery. I didn’t think he was involved with the business. It’s a shame, because if he had half of what his father had Stark Industries could use it. The Führer  just rolled out his plans for a new fleet and with what he wants they could use him.”
A startled chuckle had burst out of Steve before he could stop it, and Tony’s smug smirk just made him want to chuckle all the harder despite the chance of being overheard by the driver.
“And we've other songs, don't we?” Stark added helpfully. “Songs about flowers and dances and the seasons and... well you remember them.”
Sara who was tucked into her father’s side, bundled up to her chest in the blanket Stefen had draped over his shoulders, yawned widely before reaching up to pat at her Da’s jaw to get his attention and Bucky’s insides went distressingly melty.
I’m sorry I did not have time to inform you of my recent departure from St. Péter’s. The abbot was kind enough to forward your letters to me. You can write to me at the address on the envelope and we will have to pray that the Warden proves more diligent in his oversight of the mail in the future.
Well, Stefen was a rather straight forward sort. Tony suspected that whatever was left of the captain’s more secret business was either locked away in the small chest or had long ago joined the ash in the fireplace.
That wasn’t true. Tony had his letters to prove it, but Stefen was acting as if it was and for the life of him Tony couldn’t figure out why.
Bucky swore, turning sharply as he dug a hand through his hair, teeth gritted.
Stop it.
“How long have you known Henry Osborne?” The Agent asked Péter and Péter clenched his hands under the table.
“We don't have the time Bucky.”
“Rogers, midterm is right around the corner. We need to pass this course! Only fifteen percent of Professor Zola’s second year students ever pass his class the first go around!” Ned reminded him for the umpteenth time, subdued awe mingling with horror in his tone as he hissed, “I don’t want to sit through another term with Zola, do you?”
"Right, of course not.” Stefen murmured. “Still, we'll have to order more for the house.”
“You steal from the Nazis. You don’t see me having a conniption about it. Relax Captain. They let me look at the file, which was their first mistake.” Tony tapped the side of his skull and shrugged with a smug smirk. “Strong memory.”
There were so many things his team could do with a working two way radio. Smuggling them away from the military always came with risks he'd be happy for the men in his network not to have to take.
“I have to get to the Mangfall Alps.” his mind franticly flitted through alternate plans. It would take eons on foot, too long, but if he couldn’t board a passenger train perhaps one of the supply ones. He and Bucky had hopped more than a few supply trains in their day to get around, back when they didn’t have money.
In answer to Natacha Tony raised a questioning brow and asked, “Is that how he describes it? I have to wonder when he comes home looking as if he’s had the snot beat out of him.”
When she acted, it was with purpose. When she powdered her hair to disguise it, it was with purpose. She’d kept a man’s name alive even when he himself barely seemed to recall it, and now the purpose seemed painfully obvious it was a wonder they had all missed it. His heart ached for her. First love no matter how impossible was precious. To have it end this way was cruel. He couldn’t help but think of the last time he’d seen Rhodey, boarding a ship that would take him to the warfront. Tony didn’t know where he was or if he even lived.
She was right. He kept telling himself she was, but it wouldn’t stick. It did nothing to calm the alarm ringing in his head or the ferocious urge to get up, go. Find the danger.
“He’s gone.” Bruce informed him, gently but forcefully prying his hands away from where they were still holding the dead priest, still pressing down in an effort to keep him still. Bruce was giving him a strange look, full of sadness and pity that Tony didn’t understand.
Tony finished wiping Maria's arm off and looked over his miserable little crew. It was time to fix this.
Stubborn. That was the man’s problem. Stubborn enough to drive a man to either drink or violence, and at this moment Tony wasn’t sure which one he’d prefer.
His eyes flickered over Ian's crumpled pants again.
“Rogers, I’d take a bite before our Staff Sergeant takes personal offense.” Dvořák chuckled, taking a bite of his own bread and jam.
He was shaking his head and chuckling, the sound lazy and warm as he fell back into his seat. His arm pressed against Steve’s doing something to sooth the buzz of irritation in Steve’s skull.
Maria clutched Tony tightly and he clutched her back, head swimming as he tried to process everything this meant.
Her cheeks turned a faint pink as her eyes went dreamy with excitement.
He glared at her and she stared back, daring him to do his worst. Oh, there was so much worse that Steve wanted to do, consequences be damned, but broken head or no he was still an expert strategist. This opponent would make him lose everything he had before she ever folded.
“Well my father, he revolutionized ship building, put Germany on the map, but all of that is just fanfare. He used to say nobody sinks a Stark ship, and that’s how you know we’re the best.”
“Damn.” Cate cursed under her breath, and Tony almost snapped at her for her language before he realized the absurdity of doing that when the two of them were standing there, made up like goodtime gals. His shock quickly bled away to anger.
Until now. Tony could almost feel the weight of Stefen's words on his shoulders.
“Are you alright?” the man asked, only he asked it in a way that implied he’d already come to the conclusion that there must be something wrong with Tony’s head.
It was worse than he’d thought. So much worse. Stark represented every kind of danger and he’d still done it!
Steve had been called many things in his life but never once a cowered.
"I'm not a baby, Pietro. I know they're going to kill him and that we are only waiting to die" she muttered and Péter jerked back in alarm.
Tony blinked at him. Anxious hope mixing with a wave of such fervent relief it felt a bit like crashing. He’d all but given up hope that he’d made any sort of lasting difference here, but those words… those words were everything.
“Shut. Up.” Steve murmured in reply. He didn’t look over at the couch. Couldn’t bear to find it empty. Couldn’t stomach to see it occupied. “Shut up and stay alive.”
He still remembered the first time he’d held it. The way it had gleamed in the firelight. The impeccable craftsmanship, made by his grandfather’s withered but sure hands (hands that had taught a hundred others and been taught by similar hands). It was simple in design, but beautiful for that in Steve’s mind, built to withstand a lifetime of travels and hardship. Just like they were.
"Dance with me Sara, look! Place your feet on my feet just like Maria’s." He pointed excitedly in the direction where Maria was dancing with James, the two of them out of step with the buoyant music filling the garden but clearly having the time of their lives at it. Slipping away, Tony’s eyes searched the crowd for Péter as he passed by Ian and Cameron who were singing boisterously at the top of their lungs, lyrics that Tony was sure Cameron’s mother would not approve of.
Things progressed quickly after that.  They carried Natacha down to the sitting room where the second officer was waiting right where Stefen had left him. Stefen, learning from Hammer about the incident had met them halfway, expression and intent as he scooped his daughter out of the young man’s arms and with an air of sharp command informed him that if his investigation was over he and his partner were to get out of his sight.
Steve swallowed and sat down next to her, feeling as if his mouth was full of cotton.
“You'll like him, Tony.”
>You need a wife<
Transcribed and decoded by W. Holmes
Tony gasped, only for Stefen to steal his breath again, the sound swallowed as his slick tongue thrusted deep inside Tony’s mouth. He jerked his hips up, desperate to feel Stefen against him, and his eyes fell closed as Stefen mirrored the movement and Tony swore the stars fell down from heaven.
The INN repeats.
"Yes Captain."
He was more worried about the captain’s enemies, one very dangerous one in particular, who wanted Stefen out of the way and would have no qualms about murdering his household and shifting the blame to an innocent party. Wasn’t that why the Baroness had scuttled out of there as quickly as she could? Tony thought uncharitably. Vulnerable elderly aunt indeed.
"Why on earth would you? Perish the thought," she scoffed with a scathing laugh in reply. She did not want to be pitied, especially by Virginia Hogan. A housekeeper of all things. A woman who would leave no mark on the world besides what squalling infants she could drop into it, who would be tossed about and battered by the whims of governments and powerful men for the rest of her life with no means to rise above it.
Frau Hogan told them to wear several layers of scratchy sweaters under their jackets and Natacha had stitched bright yellow stars to them, so that they wouldn't look like Germans anymore.
"The mother had dark features too. She snagged the major when he was very young." Ian overheard a woman say when they were all mingling before supper. "I doubt the daughter will prove as lucky. She'll certainly never be a suitable match."
The train ride was not at all like the one they'd taken on their trip to Vienna. It was stuffy and hot within the carriage car and the seats were not padded. James and his siblings had claimed an open booth in the very back of the car but they'd quickly found themselves crammed in like sardines as the other children flooded in behind them. There was so much sniffling and shuffling all around them. A little girl that he couldn’t see a few booths up kept crying for her mother and she wouldn’t stop.
Damn it! It was locked, its deadbolt clicking angrily as Steve’s weight beat against it. He twisted, looking around the room and yes, there, a window. It was high up, only really meant to bring in some light and a bit of decoration to the small area. It would have to do, he thought as he snatched up a boom laying discarded in corner.
Joshua laughed again, patting the boy gently on the back.
“Sir, and if we should receive orders to march and the troops are too exhausted?”
~~*~~
He shivered despite the warm clothes he wore and clenched his teeth together, shutting his eyes, frozen and unable to move. Shutting out the big velvet sky and anything that wasn’t the next breath he managed to suck into his lungs.
Tony pulled away. He forced a smile for her before turning to join Stefen in the garden.
The little white card clipped to the chart attached to the side of his cot swung as the doctor released it. Steve blinked at it, the black letters still burning behind his eyelids. The sixth of February. It was an important date, but he had no time to puzzle over it before he was yanked off the table and loaded with a heavy pack. Distantly, he understood that the pack was heavy, weighted down with over forty pounds. But with the drug coursing through his veins the weight felt like a minor annoyance, nothing in comparison to the constant burn of inexhaustible energy and the frantic buzzing in his brain.
He’d gone in search of the only thing he’d known would numb the pain because fuck his responsibilities. Fuck being a good example to the children: these children with their mouths open, eager to have their milk teeth sharpened into fangs and to take their bite of the world. And fuck Antony Eduard Stark, that cowardly hypocrite of hypocrites for just standing there doing nothing while they tortured that old man. Fuck him most of all.
So what the hell had sent him dashing into the water like that when he clearly knew as much about swimming as a finless guppy?
The grandfather clock downstairs chimed six, sounding through the air with more strength than ever before thanks to Tony.
“We are surrounded by chaos, a near biblical struggle for the soul of our world, and all you can think of is this man.” Grig pointed out. Tony prickled, but thought his cousin’s honey colored brows were lifted more inquisitively than judgmentally, and the prickling eased.
“He’ll be back soon bambina. Your vati is a very important person and sometimes that takes him away.” Tony assured her, smoothing back the fly away wisps of hair on her forehead that had escaped Natacha’s careful plaiting.
“Garbage. You were brave enough to see what the rest of us refused to and act on it. You’ve saved his life, probably more times than either of us know. It’s exactly because you are able to see things so clearly and not become encumbered by your own emotions that
"Doesn’t the christkind only visit good children?” Bucky slung an arm around James shoulder and laughed as he glowered up at him. "You'll be lucky if Krampus doesn't decide to make a special visit, just for you."
“That's that,” the monk echoed, his tone just shy of mocking.
"Shit, I'm sorry Wanda. You're right." Pietro immediately changed his tune to something more amiable Péter noticed, as the other boy wrapped his arms around his sister's thin shoulders.
. He scolded himself backing away from the edge. He’d get better at steering.
The woman’s golden brown eyebrows arched, a calculating tilt to her mouth, despite the sympathetic hum she made.
Sometime after the children had been settled into bed Stark had wandered into the study with barely a knock and helped himself to what was left of the bottle. Distantly Steve thought he should be more perturbed by this – because an hour earlier he would have walked right in on them knee deep in treason and that wasn’t at all good, also wasn’t this his private study? – but he couldn’t muster the ire.
Lilah Boehringer hardly blinked, tilting her head in stoic ambivalence as she helped her mother serve up supper. Steve might have believed her show of indifference if it were it not for blush creeping up her neck that even the low lighting couldn’t hide.
Was there time to get someone else? He needed someone he could trust, someone who would take the nature of his situation seriously. Not some silly, prattling, not to mention stubborn, fool who was likely to insist the sky was green just to be contrary. Schmidt would laugh himself sick before the ink dried on the children’s registration papers.
“Charlotte. I – I’m sorry. I just can’t.” He tried vainly to explain, but he knew there was no explaining it. No excusing it.
“Thought about being Squad Leader?”
Göring, hands unsteady, gave up at finding his cigarettes with a loud huff. He looked at Steve, blinking owlishly and his gaze narrowed on the drink in his hand
“Good. Your satisfaction is my chief concern.”
Jann shuddered as Bucky poured alcohol over the wound, biting her lip hard and staring up at the ceiling until he’d finished and set the bottle aside to begin patting the area dry. She let out a slow shaky breath before she could continue, her eyes watery but her voice steady.
“She couldn’t possibly have lingered, what with everything going on, but she’s heartbroken. You must know she didn’t just come for me.” Charlotte raised her eyes, their soft blue holding his. “She had hoped to see the children.”
Sieger kept up his pacing. Kept looking toward the door like he expected Stefen to come back kicking it down. He wasn't sure why he said it, but the words were coming out of his mouth before he had a chance to think.
James had said.
Steve’s gaze flew back to their table only to find Charlotte sitting with a table full of young admirers, including Bucky, laughing gaily at some joke that he was making.
“But from where I sit it looks like you’ve got all the tools to do it."
They’d remark on how beautiful she’d been and they’d lament all the things she could have become if not for this unfortunate time to be born. What a pity. What a shame.
“Captain?” The sound of Virginia’s voice calling out at the end of the hall and the clack of her heels stilled his hand. The woman rushed toward them, an expression of surprise mingling with something that struck Steve as troubled, and he tensed. She was quick to embrace Bucky when she’d reached them, not standing on formality and Steve wasn’t sure who was more pleased by that (him or Bucky). “James, it’s been too long.”
“I won’t.” The girl insisted with bite, as Tony waved Wanda and Pietro up the stairs with the key, promising to follow after them. Only once they’d slipped through the door and out of sight did he turn back to Natacha who had lunged to grasp his arm. She was pale, her face looking somehow pinched and stretched all at once, her hands trembling where they clutched his sleeve.
The letter was burning a hole in his pocket. The sooner he could pass it off to Bucky the better. He meant to hide it in one of the boxed gifts he was to bring with him to Vienna. He’d phoned the hotel Bucky was staying at that morning from outside a shop to set up the rendezvous. Even over the phone Bucky had sensed something was wrong but he had agreed to meet as soon as possible. It was a relief all things considered.
As the banging continued above Steve realized the disturbance had to be coming from the servant’s quarters. Steeling himself he pulled the gun from the drawer, rising with the intent to seek out the source of the disturbance and deal with it however necessary, visions of Schmidt's private soldiers dancing in his head.
“It’s beautiful Stefen,” he admitted, looking up from the heavy piece of adornment to meet his lovers searching gaze. Stefen looked as if he’d been holding his breath, the tension in his shoulders slowly easing as Tony spoke. “But you’re right, I don’t understand.”
Sara didn’t look as if she wanted to go, but she also knew better than to argue. When the door had shut behind the woman and child Stefen’s eyes flicked to Péter, but Péter noticed and shot him a stubborn look that seemed to dare him to try and make him leave. Stefen either agreed or just didn’t have the energy for the argument because he turned back to Cameron and began cleaning the cut on his cheek with the washcloth Pepper had left him.
With Natacha finished Susann hurried back to fetch a leather bound journal from behind the counter, quickly scribbling each child’s name and writing numbers next to it. Steve followed, as nonchalantly as he could.
Tony saluted his retreating back thinking that if he saw that man in a month it would be too soon.
James curled up on the bed, his back turned on the party and glared at the wall. Tucked into the corner, just above the edge of the bed was a row of small neat scratches. One for each day since uncle Bucky had left them.  There were thirty-one and tomorrow there would be thirty-two.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean” he replied, stiffly, and Ursala chuckled, reaching out to pat his wrist as if he were an adored child.
He needed to use steel to reinforce the body of the boat so it would be able to support the weight of the engine. Metal in the body also meant more protection from bullets. But it was going to be too heavy, so he’d found a way to lighten it with an iron alloy.
“Where’s Steve?” he grunted, stooping to begin unlacing his boots. They were the worse for wear from the long journey and he would warm quicker with dry feet.
Bucky turned on him so fast his heels squeaked on the floor.
“I hope the monastery has helped you find a measure of humility?”
His father moved back and picked up Ian’s blouse again and started on the last button.
Tony stifled a laugh. Well, that was one way to get to the bottom of it.
He had told Tony that running after four children with rags and a water bucket was character building with a seriousness that might have broken a lesser man; except that Tony had Rogers measure now, and he knew when he was being played with.
It used to be his mother who found him in his thoughts, and when he could his father had before mama died. Because there was a before version of his father and an after. Sometimes, there was something frightening in the way father would hold himself, the way shadows crossed his face and made him different, someone Ian didn't recognize anymore. Peter used to complain that father had lost any interest in them when mama died.
“Yes. Look, they have to go through the Sudetenland to get to Poland. Turn off that damn light!”
Tony had never seen seven bodies snap to attention so fast outside of a parade.
“I’m just as good as the other boys. I. just. Don’t. Want. To. Be."
“I imagine that Ian is right, it would be very embarrassing for a boy to admit to his father that he is being picked on. He should not have lost his temper, but if Péter is having troubles then we shall all just have to forgive him I suppose and do our very best to help your father remind him that he can always rely on his family. Wouldn't you agree Captain?”
“Then you will of course avoid the use of morphine?” It was phrased as a question, but Dvorak put enough command behind it that there was no way the doctor could mistake it for anything else. The doctor slowly licked his lips, visibly torn and for an anxious moment Dvorak wondered if the man might not just turn and plunge the needle into Rogers passed out figure. But a moment later the man straightened, withdrawing from the bed with a muttered reply.
“That was when I was a baby! I’m talking about now Ian!”
"Herr Hammer, see to it that a room is made ready for them." At the snapped order Hammer thought better of further protest and turned sharply on his heel. Snappishly he ordered for the maids to follow him and for Willamina to get back to her work as he stomped away.
“Herr Hammer and I will both be staying in the house on a permanent basis until the captain returns. Julia we’ll need the rooms freshly turned over.” Frau Hogan announced to the servants before her gaze landed on Julia who nodded somberly to show that she’d heard.
Father blinked, looking taken back. A flash of something close to irritation crossing his face before he grunted.
“What I have to,” Tony answered, finally looking up to meet her worried gaze. He saw the moment she realized what he was about to do but it was too late to stop it.
Stefen’s eyes met his, questioning and Tony met his stare, amending, “We’ll look out for each other.”
~*~*~*~
He sighed, letting the last of his tension drain from his body before patting the bed beside him. Péter clambered aboard with a hopeful if shy enthusiasm that had a smile tugging at Tony’s lips.
“Get the hell out of my way. Charlotte!” Father’s voice had gone low and dangerous and Natacha’s hair raised on the back of her neck. She’d never
Face clouded with confusion and apprehension Stefen reached for him slowly, his hand touching Tony’s shaking shoulder with excruciating gentleness and Tony flinched away from the touch. Couldn’t bare it just then.
"I'm sure he found someplace safe to wait things out. He's a clever boy. From good family." Charlotte amended hollowly, and Tony was sure she was thinking the same thing he was. A clever boy alone. With dark hair and dark eyes. A brave boy. A boy who did not stand idly by.
They were gone. Had they ever made it in the first place?
you sniveling cunt, or didn’t you know that?
Shame at lashing out at his child, then fear and strangely anger swirled inside him.  He shouldn’t be mad and yet he was.
She’d marry someone important and powerful, someone like her father who people were afraid to question. She would become the perfect officer’s wife. She’d take care of her siblings and protect them too, making sure no one ever learned the truth just as Father had always done. Because if they did… well, it was hard to imagine what would become of them all if they did. When she tried to picture what Emil would say and do if someone whispered in his ear that she was not what he thought she was, it made her shiver.
Brow furrowed, Steve stepped up next to him to look out onto the street below them. Ants. The improbable thought popped into his head. Artur would have said they looked just like ants. There had been people loitering around outside of city hall when Steve had arrived but there were dozens of them now, forming a thickening mass of bodies blocking the steps. Several young men stood on the steps with their backs to the building and were speaking to the crowd. They were HJ Steve noted, and among the crowd they’d managed to rally Steve could spot at least fifty more. Even from their distance Steve could hear the faint sound of their raised voices.
Oblivious to the nostalgic turn of Tony’s thoughts, James asked, “Did you know about the mackie bees Tony? Your uncle said that they were just like us, hiding and running from the bad people who did not want them to be Jewish, but they fought back and that’s why we light candles and get to have a party.”
Not that the idea of Tony taking his prick hadn't been arousing from day one. He had entertained the thought and got off on it often enough, but since their sex life was everything but unsatisfactory as it was, he had made peace with the fact that this simply was the one thing they wouldn't get to do.
Steve doesn't miss a beat and begins to slowly  guide them across the room. Having to balance Tony's weight on top of his own, he starts out a little awkward until he figures out the right rhythm. Tony nuzzles into his neck and allows himself to close his eyes. For a while, there's silence between them but for the woman's soft voice sounding from the speakers.
They spoke of it no more.
It's another one of the slow days – it is still up for debate whether the regular days can even get any slower – and Rogers has taken to one of his favorite activities. He's sketching in a well-worn, leather-bound book, the sound of pencil on paper now familiar to Tony's ears.
"You think you can handle three?"
Other Tony whips around abruptly, disbelief in his widened eyes. “
They stay like this, slotted together and exchanging tender kisses every now and then.
"Yeah?"
He tries not to let the fact shake him that, while they’ve set course for planet Earth, the exact circumstances of their arrival are up in the air. Neither of them has an answer to the
Tony doesn’t believe it in the first moment he comes back to (because holy
For another, there was the Captain, whom Bruce had not yet entirely figured out. Most interesting were the times he crossed paths with the man after he had just returned from his rides with the Lord – he was almost jovial, greeted every woman and man in the castle with an easy smile and was never to be found with the customary frown or scowl that on other days so often graced his hardened features.
They settle, then, breathing one another in as they bask in the sun streaming in through the tall windows. It’s a nice day. Cloudless. Maybe they’ll be okay after all. There are still a few hours left until it’s time, so neither of them thinks of moving out of their current position.
And, well, he’ll admit he’s been playing with the thought; going back, leaving everything behind to live the simple life like Tony once told him to. It would’ve been easy. He was still on the fence about the issue when the Tesseract took the decision out of his hands. Steve doesn’t want to get hung up on the fateful nature of it all, but he can’t quite believe all of this to be sheer dumb (bad) luck.
Tony Stark has always been a fool, but he has a feeling this man might just be able to bring out the very worst of it in him.
Still, Steve aborts the action as he catches himself. The enjoyment was admittedly
“I need some booze. There’s– no way around it. And I’m, listen, I’m going to give you the money and the next time you go down there, you’re going to tell them that
It does little to protect from the hungry stares he receives. Someone behind Steve mutters, “Big man’s throwin’ away his toys now, too?” and a few people chuckle darkly in response. The omega meets their looks with his good eye, apprehension tangible as he shuffles backward inch by inch.
Lord Stark was said to have been close with his late physician and, naturally, felt reluctant to let an outsider slip into his role. Bruce understood these conflicting emotions that caused the man to keep him at an arm's length.
Tony follows their line of sight and sees it: on top of the embankment they’re approaching, the imposing silhouette of a wolf has appeared. It still is a considerable distance away, but the horse has evidently picked up the scent. Tony muses that the animal might just be part of the pack they scared off a few weeks prior – could be they migrated down here in search for prey.
"That's right. You're gorgeous," Steve repeats from somewhere above him. A hand suddenly appears by his cheek, and Tony's eyes fly open. "Yeah. You. You are
When there are only two left, the outlines of two humans manifest and the remaining pinkish dots melt into the center of their chests respectively.
When he gathers the strength to turn around, the kitchen is empty. Steve is gone like he said, has disappeared as quietly as he came.
“Holy shit,” Tony mutters to himself. What was that?
"You got it, sweetheart," Steve says. They moan in unison when he grazes Tony's prostate again and Tony, in turn, clenches up from this sensation that's right in the wondrous territory of too much, too good. "Let me hear more."
Steve tenses behind him and looks down, noticing that his attention isn’t on the TV and clearly hasn't been for a while. The arm with the bracelet slips out of Tony’s grip to wrap around his chest and pull him tighter against Steve's front.
Tony doesn't look at him or react to his presence in any significant way, and so Steve makes himself break the silence.
going to have this whole investigation on my hands and–"
Tony is asleep when he arrives, so he makes an effort not to disturb him while he guts and skins the animals–two hares and a squirrel–and roasts the meat over the fire. Half of it serves as his dinner and the rest he saves for later.
It had always been her childhood dream, after all.
Ah, there was the core of the issue. Bruce remembered it, that impressive souvenir Lord Rhodes had brought with him a fortnight ago from last year's travels to the Frost Lands when he'd helped negotiate a peace treaty.
"Technically, I let you."
When Steve came close, his movements grew erratic. Not entirely uncoordinated, but rougher, chasing his own release. He bit down on Tony's neck, pressing his front flush against Tony's back, scenting him.
He drops his hands back into his lap and lifts his head to glance at Steve, whose pinched features are lined with worry and a looming apprehension that sucks the oxygen out of the room. Tony can't bear to look at him for the next part, so he keeps his eyes fixed to his hands, watching as they undo the stitches of a thread on the inseam of his sweatpants.
Natalia respected a bond of friendship no matter whom it concerned; still, she found this statement of interest. The carefully selected words of the resident steward would not let her go. It seemed the woman had claimed that not only had nothing happened, but there was no sheer possibility of romance with the Lord Stark she knew, even.
, reddened lips littered with bite marks and eyes swimming with a silent plea that Steve's sure he isn't even aware of. Then, he lowers his chest back onto the bed, pulls his knees in and arches his back, and – Steve hasn't had a chance to begin with, but Stark presenting himself in a submissive demeanor so unlike his insubordinate personality does ugly things to his self-control.
Before Tony gets to call out, she's gone. He's too overwhelmed to scream in grief or frustration, instead opting to nurse the wounds that have never healed in silence as the likenesses of more people pass by. The man in the uniform that makes Steve's eyes widen in recognition is a Howling Commando, and the one in the lab coat is Abraham Erskine, whose research Tony spent years obsessing over during the worst part of his Captain America phase in his early teens.
Tony most definitely has a few questions–because while Steve can be spontaneous when he wants to be, this is something else–but he doesn’t much care about anything once Steve’s other hand worms down the back of his sweats. He squeezes the softness there a few times in tandem with his fingers tightening around Tony’s cock, and–oh, Tony has a feeling this isn’t going to last long.
It's still… bad. It feels as if it's not his, any of this. He doesn't know if he wants it, or if he has the willpower to get rid of it. Maybe he should just get this whole damn thing over with and propose to Steve now (as opposed to on their anniversary) so the guy won't change his mind and run while he's still able to in the meantime. He'll probably feel too guilty to divorce him after he witnesses all that money going into a wedding extravaganza meant to befit a Stark, right?
out of the corner of his eye. He looks away hastily, continuing his meal. Hell, Tony told him to back off in the nicest way possible; he could at least
Steve shrugs as much as he's able to, lying there. "That was never proven. Besides, it was fun. For you, mostly."
Something flickers across his face at that, but Tony is too tired to catch or chase it.
Anthony Stark was a practical man.
He doesn't wipe the tears away when they finally come, collecting where the cowl covers his face and dripping over his cheeks.
He rides in the back of Fury's car with another agent who does his utmost to appear casual, which doesn't account for much considering Steve can very clearly see the outline of multiple tools underneath his coat designed to take out a super-soldier. He's pretty sure at least one of them is a tranquilizer gun, but, well… Can't really fault them for taking precautions, can he?
When Steve doesn’t respond, Tony shakes his head and turns to move away, opening his mouth to maybe backpaddle or apologize or make a self-deprecating joke to strip the moment of its gravity.
thing, and then I figured I might do well to talk to Steve about it because he’d bite my head off if he found out I just went over their heads with this.” He pauses, stunned. “I ended up telling him about– my vision. So, we called for a team meeting, discussed the matter and decided, together, that it was too great of a risk. And that was the end of that.”
FRIDAY’s most recent scan tells him it's a girl.
Or, well, he
he adds in his mind.
Steve seems to melt at that, slows a little and averts his eyes, his throat working as he swallows. Tony gears up to ask if something happened while he was away, but then Steve squeezes his hand for a last time before letting go to stand up and look at the ceiling.
The other man has it in him to lift an eyebrow, amused as well as sceptical. As one of his hands traces the inside of Tony's thigh and disappears behind his balls, the hint of a grin plays at his lips.
It takes him a few minutes to get it together and follow Tony outside. Steve traces his footprints in the grass down to the lake. He lowers his feet to the planks heavier than necessary to alert Tony to his arrival, and after a moment's hesitation, sits down next to him.
"There's something I didn't... tell you. I had bruises. I thought maybe they weren’t from that night, maybe it wasn't what I thought it was, so I just…"
Steve doesn’t make any off-hand comments, doesn’t even shoot him a telling smirk or any of these other things Tony thought he would be on the receiving end of. Yet again, he defies expectations, and Tony–likes this pattern of not being able to predict what comes next.
Not that he isn't glad they got the matter resolved. The Maximoffs aren't off the hook, but that isn't what getting them under the Avengers' care was about in any case. As long as they have any say in it, these kids won’t be rotting in a supermax for the rest of their days–because the place is, if Ross' word is to be believed, as super-secret as its inhabitants are powered, and nobody who goes in ever leaves.
"Oh, dear Lucia was nice enough for a night, but I'll admit, the things she had to say were considerably more interesting than her bosom, and I do not utter such words lightly."
” Tony mutters a string of profanities under his breath and considering the way Maria's eyes widen, Steve is pretty sure he's not the only one who's heard them. Which is strange, because the sound is faint even in
Tony may not have the slightest idea what awaits him, but neither does Rogers, the smug bastard.
He can’t even muster to feel regret or wistfulness, doesn’t want to go out with either emotion. Everything he wants is this, to be enveloped by the man that was by all accounts the love of his life–how very Tony of him to admit to that on his deathbed–enveloped by him in body, smell and voice.
After the third snap, they win.
While some of the high Lords in his attendance seemed to be positively fuming with jealousy at his antics, Natasha saw the man's jabs and flirtations as they were: empty talk and games. Despite making eyes at every Lady in the room, Stark did not look at any one of them any longer than it took to soft-soap them.
Tony crawls into his lap. Four knocks. Three would be under the desk, and two would mean on the rug in front of it. Steve preens a little at how well he's taken to this new system. He doesn't know how it's different from being told 'Sit on my cock', 'Give me your mouth' or 'Ass-up on the floor'. Maybe something to do with dignity or a sentiment equally misplaced.
"So?" the other Lord asked, tone bordering on impatience.
Tony can't even appreciate the view, because he's reduced to a single yelp as the bed under him moves all the sudden. Steve pushes it some ways across the room, away from the door and (oh no) toward the mirror. When he's done, the king-size is only a couple feet from the mirror, everything but the head section in view.
Tony almost laughs in sheer incredulity, because,
Steve
So it came that, only a year later, the young man had turned into an often-seen and well-liked face inside the castle’s gates. He frequented the Iron Castle daily and felt at home within its walls, familiar with every stone and every person it inhabited.
No, Steve is, Steve is running his hands up, and then he's crossing them on Tony's chest, coming to lay over his only minimally (but
Tony looks at him like he's just told him the Earth is flat and then exhales a helpless chuckle that quickly evolves into a wet sniffle.
Steve gets the card from his nighstand; it's covered by three books, an unwrapped protein bar and a box of tissues.
As it is, Tony reaches out for Steve's leg mid-fall. Steve whirls around, eyes wide in shock at the sudden touch and Tony's presence. It happens in what must've been a matter of moments, but the time seems to stretch into infinity, like a string of pale pink bubblegum. Tony hears the blood pounding in his ears and counts down his own rapid heartbeats until he
An invitation to this table was an honor, after all.
"There is a lot more silence, riding and pains in places I wasn't previously aware of involved than I expected, but all in all, I can't complain. Well, I
And the next.
and he's mostly made his peace with the fact that aging (read: slowing cell regeneration) is a trait of the human organism which he doesn't have the solution for yet – doesn't mean he's not working on it.
In another three hours, they've made it to the plateau.
Steve lands on the cracked asphalt in the alley to its left–the one Stark has been showing up at every second Thursday for the last fourteen weeks at just this time. Seems his informant was telling the truth. It won’t help the fact that she’s dead now, but Steve appreciates the honesty nonetheless.
Tony stills. He throws the book back onto the bedroll where he picked it up from, suddenly overwhelmed. His head snaps in the direction of the tent, but Rogers is still sleeping soundly, entirely unaware of what has just transpired.
Steve's muscles grow taut underneath his fingers, but he relaxes again before Tony can pinpoint what might've caused the reaction. "I did," he says, trailing a finger down Tony's spine. Tony leans into the touch, not quite ready to let go.
Of course, it’s this moment that Stark decides to rise from his workbench and turn around. He frowns at the sight of Steve, lips agape, his expression half puzzled and half irritated. Steve clears his throat to not sound all too abashed when he says, “You smell.”
you were to me, it was already too late. I didn’t–do this because I wanted you for myself, if that’s what you think, it’s just that–we needed to be together for you to make it."
Could it be–?
Time changes. Time is nothing.
She had to admit the reaction was a pleasant, if strange surprise. Another Lord would have her thrown outside the castle gate at once, yet this one seemed charmed rather than insulted in his pride.
” he moans, hastily reaching out behind him until his fingers find Steve’s jaw. The other man gets the gist, leaning down and crashing their mouths together in uncoordinated desperation that is all the better for its imperfections. Spit dribbles down his chin, the kiss not dampening the urgency but rather stoking the flames, fire feeding from fire.
The other man is kneeling right in front of the once brown and white checkered cow, studying the teeth marks in the flesh. Tony can barely stand the sight as it is; he doesn't know how this madman does it. In fact, he needs something to settle his stomach. Right now.
"It's already past seven," Steve says, after a few beats in which Tony hasn't acknowledged his presence. Silence is everything he's met with, so he approaches, coming to a standstill next to him. "We need to go, Tony."
Rogers doesn’t turn around and the steady clangs of the tool in his hands don’t pause, not even for a moment. “If you can show me your hand right now and it ain’t shakin’, I’ll be happy to,” he drawls.
The Lord appeared speechless, his mouth opening and closing in response to the uncompromising demand the guard had expressed.
and to everyone whose life has been impacted by covid-19 as well: be safe and hang in there! things are bound to get better.
"Steve?"
Carol cleared her throat and scratched the back of her head with the hand that was not gripping her rusty, old sword tightly. Again – this had been a very spontaneous endeavor.
When Steve sees it, he thinks he's dreaming. Knocked unconscious, hallucinating. Dead, maybe.
Steve thinks of something encouraging to say and fails. The thing is, pushing Tony the right way usually makes for great results, but push just a little too hard or choose the wrong words and he'll go the exact opposite direction.
Stark, for all that Steve still eyes him in distrust, pulls his weight.
Needless to say, no representatives of the latter persuasion made it onto the train when the world did indeed go to shit and it ended up being humanity's last hope after all.
But to think that Tony doesn't
Tony wanders into the tavern around five, which he thinks is an appropriate time of day to give into his less than admirable habits. He doesn't know why he's trying to keep up the pretense of the respectable citizen; everyone is aware of that not being the case, and he's never cared for small town gossip.
It's half a moment after that that the ranger takes the bundle and responds, "A'ight, son. Long as y'manage to stay in the saddle."
“Steve,
Nothing.
If this is the last time they’ll get, he’s going to make love to Tony.
Well, his body hasn't ever done him any favors, so Tony isn't inclined to play nice now. Best things come in threes and all that. Literally. He'll get his (Steve's) three, consequences be damned.
impaling him in an urgent, prostate-stimulating reminder of that third round he's been promised.
He swaps the engineering book for a corny novel about a woman who speaks to spirits, and then replaces that with a thorough guide to garden maintenance when the story gets all too outlandish.
Tony gave up on that endeavor a few years back.
Stark holds up a rather unassuming packet of cloth to present it to Steve’s critical gaze. It’s tied together at the top with what appears to be a braided string of threads extracted from his shirt, one frayed end dangling at the side of it.
"Yes," Anthony answered, in matter of fact. He sighed, eyes fleetingly squeezing close and fluttering back open again.
They watered and fed the animals before setting off, Rogers taking the lead on top of his strawberry roan with a caravan of four mules trailing after him while Tony was left with two. They were either the most stubborn beasts he'd ever had the misfortune of crossing paths with, or he was even less prepared for this little adventure than he initially assumed.
"God damn you, Rogers," he grits through his teeth, and before he's even made a conscious decision, he is up and his feet are carrying him toward the cliff.
“I–what?”
It’s easy to tell when he gets close. He clenches and unclenches around him and Steve fucks him through it, amplifying the intensity of the sensation for both of them. There’s a tremble in his voice when he says Steve’s name, moaning the syllable through gritted teeth. And then again (and again). Combined with his erratic movements, it’s a warning – one that Steve wholeheartedly ignores, tightening his grip around Tony’s cock just enough so it’ll be bordering on too much.
The man had bid Peter to address him by his given name as well, but the word still felt unfamiliar (and undeserved) on his tongue.
He takes one last look out onto the lake, the small waves lapping at the shore tirelessly and the bed of flowers carrying Tony's metaphorical heart over the water, and his tears finally spill.
While the others add more wood, Steve chucks a wad of loose paper into the dying flames.
Even now, he could once again point out a slew of things in his reflection he can’t stand to see anymore–many of which Steve's managed to make him speak fondly of just a few minutes ago. Steve isn’t a wizard, though. (Thank God for that; Tony hates magic.)
Or maybe he is being too optimistic; maybe he won’t get a grave, maybe they’ll never find his body or Rogers will decide to leave him here because Tony didn’t listen and thus sealed his own fate, and this is what he deserves. (And in a twisted, roundabout way, it’ll still be the booze that'll have killed him.)
The days are longer, somehow, and Steve isn't convinced that the fact he just doesn't
Tony doesn't bother to hide the sudden, nonsensical desperation in his actions. His motions are jerky and frantic as he reaches behind him and practically rips out the plug, tossing it across the bed. The discomforting emptiness he knew to expect is almost overwhelming and accompanied by the feeling of semen and lube trailing down the underside of his thigh.
"Even that one, yeah."
Well, that settles it. Steve blows out a breath, contemplating how and when to begin his quick rundown of the events that transpired back in 2015. He decides to work them off chronologically, starting with Strucker, the twins and the scepter, and Tony surprisingly nods along for most of it and comments that yes, they had that happen as well.
It's lonely, it's haunting.
With this piece however, the focus lay on all its detail and beauty, the person who had crafted the armor evidently considering its creation not a task but an art.
happen, pray tell?"
But Bruce brings news of what awaits them and Tony feels a not minor rush of vindication despite being out of his skin with terror. He doesn’t mean for it to spill out of him like it does, because they'll soon have what could turn out to be the biggest fight of their lives on their hands–and it happens anyway.
"Don't do that," Steve says, and Tony snaps out of it. Is he really that transparent? Ouch. And here he was thinking he's learned to hide his mental crises pretty well. (Yeah. Not from Steve. Never from Steve.)
It was only the hope that King Fury would remain the kind ruler he'd so far proven to be that caused Sir Rhodes to oblige by his demand that he step forward.
! Not for the first time, and certainly not the last. Will you stop looking–"
“You’re abstaining from your orgasm tonight, then?”
Tony moves on. They don't.
What are the odds he slept through an unannounced, late-night call to assemble that left Steve looking like this? More importantly, if the situation was that dire, why wasn’t Tony invited?
A nice flavor of humiliation bubbles up inside him when he catches Steve watching intently–teeth gnawing furiously at his lower lip–while he slips the plug in, slowly, savoring every second of Tony's used hole swallowing the new yet familiar intrusion.
He hums in contentment and allows his head to fall back onto Steve's chest. His eyes slip shut, and everything that's left is the slowly building pleasure thrumming in his veins. A new, vigorous wave of it washes over him whenever Steve flicks his wrist at a particular angle or thumbs the slit just right. Tony notices his own lips hitch upward when the hot press of a hard line against his low back announces that Steve, for one, is ready and raring to go again.
"Why?"
"What is this commotion?" young Lord Stark asked, anger in his tone calling for answers as he strode onto the courtyard. He was closely followed by his steward, Ms. Potts.
With that, the man kicks his strawberry roan into a slow walk, away from the carcass and toward the southern side of the plateau where the herd strayed to during the previous, evidently tumultuous night. Tony exhales wearily and follows.
It's never giving up on someone, even when it doesn't seem like the smart thing to do. Even when you want to.
anymore, thanks a whole lot but no more if you don’t mind, and Steve complied. That’s what it was meant to be from the beginning – a favor. He did his due and that was that. They had more important things to focus on now.
Finally, he allows himself to free his erection, leaving it to spring up toward his stomach. It comes as no surprise that he’s fully erect and wet with pre-come, not when he spent so long in abstinence and the parts of Stark that aren’t machine look appetizing to a criminal degree.
The few things that survived Thanos’ onslaught on the compound get unearthed by the clean-up crew in the following weeks. Tony is digging through the remains, looking for whatever is left of the bots. Hopes against hope there is something to salvage.
Thing is, Steve must've noticed. This, all of it. He's attentive like no one else Tony's ever known and he loves with the same single-mindedness he does everything else. His every sense is attuned to Tony and even more so during a tumble in the sheets – there's no way he wouldn't have noticed. The folds, the pouch, the bumps. The many unflattering angles at which aforementioned failings of his appearance happen to look even worse.
Steve can’t even reprimand him for producing so much noise, because Tony looks over and sees him staring, which only adds fuel to the fire. “What’re you looking at?” he snarls, twitching lip hinting at the undoubtedly ugly things he hasn’t yet spoken out loud. Steve isn’t particularly keen to find out what else he might have to say, so he does the smart (cowardly) thing and goes back to reading.
As soon as they're back at the plateau, having driven the cattle to a spot not too far from the cabin, Rogers gestures in its vague direction, wordlessly suggesting they go get the feed right away. And so they trail back to the hut, Butterfingers and
The mischievous smirk Anthony directed at Steven as soon as they had reached open land was met with an incredulous laugh.
Looking at Stark's naked backside spread out before him (and it's a sight to behold for sure) Steve abruptly becomes aware of the throbbing pain of his erection still confined to his pants.
when the answer was but an affirmation of something he already knew.
The knight-turned-lord cleared his throat. "I hope he is good to you?" he inquired, voice free of judgement but with an edge to it that suggested consequences would arise for the man in question should the answer be no.
"I told you t'stay
"I know this is something we haven't had before. Hell, we haven't seen an omega in years. But, Christ, people. We're
Tony sniffs haughtily.
Steve then tracked down that man, his supplier, the man who’d supplied the supplier and lastly, the woman at the end of the trail who–after a short heart-to-heart with his ability to effortlessly break bone–shared where and how she’d met with the infamous Anthony Stark himself.
now and forever.
Steve can almost hear him say, the voice in his head teasing and making light of the situation like only Tony could.
But he doesn’t want to.
There was no telling how the wrong person coming to find this truth like she had would harm his authority.
Tony thought that would be it. They’d finish, Steve would (reluctantly) pull out before the knot could take, he’d brush the creases out of his crumpled Tom Ford and pretend that would be enough to preserve his dignity when he walked out the door with wet stains in telltale places, smelling of sex and slick and Steve.
Part of him doesn't like it. It's not a pleasant pain. Steve is never this inconsiderate, and Tony wants to ask what the
His hand slips off the other man’s a weakened heartbeat later, and his breathing evens out not long after. There is a wail of agony that tears through the quiet of the night, slicing through the air with despair that is sharp like a knife and fury that rolls like thunder.
And all that thanks to Steve's size.
Tony huffs a low
Rumors, those were one thing, yet a confirmation of the truth was of an entirely different nature. Folk liked to gossip, but quite enough of them would not like hearing (or, Gods forbid, seeing) that their dear Lord was truly as depraved as the town's rumor mills insinuated.
Fury sees the punch coming, of course. He dodges it with little effort, and in the next moment, a group of heavily armored agents enters the office and wrestles him out into the hallway.
thing possibly occur by happenstance? It doesn’t make sense. Is it a punishment? Is it a lesson?
He's sure he'd been able to distinguish Tony's voice in the midst of battle. If he'd heard, he wouldn't have hesitated for an instant; he'd have done everything in his power to reach the man in time, share the burden of sacrifice. Maybe they could've had their happily ever after, together but apart.
Blindly, Steve presses his lips against his jaw in the ghost of a kiss, and one to his cheek and another behind his ear. If he were more attentive, he might notice the body next to him shift and then stiffen minimally, but the moment is slow and comfortable and it’s possible he just refuses to acknowledge the change.
It first comes to his attention a few days after the fact, when Rogers is out riding down the mountain to get another week’s supplies and feed for the animals. As always, Tony uses the opportunity to refill his flask in peace; he still has the booze stored under the couch cushions and he has every intention of keeping its location hidden from the other man. Guy's self-righteous enough he would probably think pouring it all down the drain would mean doing Tony a favor in some fucked-up, roundabout way. Lift the curse of inebriety from him, like an angel descending from the skies (one that is also much too easy on the eyes to be allowed anywhere near him).
"I'll do it," he says.
Steve likes to take his time and drag the main event out as much as he himself can bear it, but this time, his movements are hasty and a little jerky, as though he can’t stand to waste even one second. Tony hears him spit into his palm and then shove his hand back down again. His cock twitches in anticipation.
Without any further delay, he began pulling his cock out, only an inch or two, before pushing back in. Tony had barely started to acclimate to the intrusion, which meant he'd have to take it slow for a while, let him get used to it until he could started up a proper rhythm.
“You wouldn’t.”
Steve isn't sure whether Tony's trying to keep him from looking at her or the other way around, but he'll respect that decision. Considering how Tony has been staring at him, he should probably be grateful to not have been fried by his repulsors five minutes ago.
Tony barks an incredulous laugh. "Are you seriously asking–"
There's no discomfort save for a distinct feeling of dizziness that's making his head spin.
It's over.
And Tony thought he was being cryptic.
His throat bobs when he swallows, hard, fingers twitching where he's laid his palm down on the counter. Steve averts his gaze before he gives into that incessant urge in the back of his head that so badly wants to take hold of Tony’s hand.
"From the cradle to the grave," Anthony said, a wry smile crooking his lips as he regarded the scene below.
"We have suffered losses in this war, and a territory south of Mar'vill is currently without leadership. Lord Killian has left no successors, and so I meant for these lands to fall under Stark governance. But, I have been made aware that Lord Anthony considers this to be 'bothersome' and 'frankly, too much of a hassle', and he has suggested a solution which he claims will benefit all involved."
Steve's heart clenches painfully in his chest.
He snaps the journal close but doesn’t bother to hide it from view as he spins around and finds Steve descending the last couple of basement stairs.
me, and then you up and left–"
keep within the speed limit. Little does it know the man behind the wheel can, in fact, afford a speeding ticket or two (hundred).
He retreats to his room and lies back down, even though sleep is a long way coming.
He wouldn't, of course. Didn't matter whether parts of his brain were screaming with need, because there was a much greater part that would never allow Tony to be hurt that way (or any other way except those that Tony asked for, for that matter), not even for the fraction of a second.
It must've happened in a matter of seconds, but the moments in which the power of Tesseract takes hold of his body feel like eternity. It's unlike anything ever felt; it's not pain, not even a bodily sensation at all. The energy travelling through his veins feels as if it's turning him inside out, his flesh and bone ripped from his soul and placed back together the wrong way around–
Steve looks at the ground and nods.
If anything, he expected a sacrifice. It would’ve meant something, at least.
He watches Tony's gaze drop to his shoes and the man's throat bob as he swallows, working up the courage to utter something else that seems to be too important to be left unspoken.
He goes to look for his phone and finds it on the coffee table in the living room, where he sits down on the couch. He fidgets, stalls, fists his hands in his hair in frustration and turns the small device over in his hands until he nearly drops it.
“So, here's the deal: One night. We have a guest room you can use. I'm calling Fury today and he'll send someone to pick you up tomorrow. Hopefully. Nah, he's definitely going to jump at the opportunity when he hears about this."
He dreams of nothing, that night.
The Lord had bare legs wrapped around the others' middle, a man who Siree Danvers believed was Sir Rogers. Anthony's left foot, to this day covered in bandages from the time he had injured it on one of his rides three weeks ago, stuck out like a sore thumb against the dark leather of the man's breeches. The cropped, blond hair on him and the broad stature made her suspect, but his voice betrayed the truth.
Steve is also in Europe. On the other side of the Atlantic. Or was, past tense, as the lips on his neck and the scratch of a beard tickling his skin suggest.
They're all they have. And if what they have is cruel, is ugly, is barely an echo of what once was pure and good, then that might just be alright. That might just be what they need, to not break in this world.
After that, Stark is uncharacteristically amenable.
Tony can't help it.
"Nothing, actually. I didn't– He doesn't know. Yet."
When Steve lets go of his cock, Tony whines. He’s not embarrassed. Going from at least once every other day to involuntary celibacy for close to a month takes a toll. Steve pushes him flat onto his stomach–no comment, no playful banter, nothing to play off of. Tony bites his lips and grinds his hips into the mattress, making sure to flex his ass when Steve goes to pull away his underwear.
At least five spreads of the notebook are occupied by Tony's countenance, and the silence grows louder in his own ears as he keeps staring at the last filled page, where sketched Tony, not entirely finished, is perched on his horse and looking upon the sun coming into view behind a mountain range.
Besides, Tony can think of greater sins than selling drink to lost men.
Steve rocks into his backside for a few more thrusts until he's climbed the peak and made it to the other side of the mountain, dazed and spent. They exchange a look in the mirror, and Tony grins, ths cotton candy still stuffed into the spaces around his brain making it increasingly hard to produce a quick quip. Steve shares the sentiment–he's slow to heave himself back upright from his bent-over position, and once he does, he rubs over the bruised patches of skin on Tony's hips, waist and ass with an odd kind of awe.
“Why is it that you always choose to suffer? What
So now, Tony turns, realizing that this is the first time in a long time he's getting a good look at himself, and he's–
"Kiss different, too," he mumbles, voice inexplicably hoarse. Maybe it's the shock or an instinctual defense mechanism that makes him want to take the moment to bend and twist it until it's stripped of meaning.
"I didn't like the way he said it," he replies, shrugging, and knows he looks defensive when he crosses his arms over his chest.
his in just a moment sends a shockwave of desire through his whole being.
His hand looks bad. The one with the bracelet. Nothing short of crushed, but already healing. Tony wants to tell him to get it checked out–it would be far from the first time he's healed wrong–but Steve's good hand pulls Tony in for a searing kiss, and he doesn't let up until they're both gasping into each other's mouths.
Romanoff is the same as he remembers her: a flash of red clad in all black, wearing her tangy perfume the same way she does cool poise. She doesn't even bat an eyelid when the first face she sees isn't Steve but Tony, in his lap and naked, nor does she miss a beat when Steve invites her to sit on the chair across from him.
“Let’s get this over with,” he tells Stark, like they’ve been casually conversing the entire time, and fishes the small disc out of the pouch on his utility belt.
A shudder goes through him, his whole being trembling with it. Steve's nostrils flare as a renewed, fresher wave of Stark's arousal reaches him and he takes it in greedily despite himself. A wet squelch makes his gaze travel down the omega’s body, not quite able to keep it contained to his face anymore. Stark has no shame – he's reached down inside himself, moving in jerky motions to bring him some amount of alleviation. Steve can't see it from this angle, but he can imagine it, his hole weeping with slick as he plunges his fingers in, more spilling out around his rim as soon as he reaches deeper–
Tony fights with everything he has, wounds a titan, and still loses. He takes a moon and the power of four Infinity Stones, but it's his own ingenuity that does him in.
The man's tales were colorfully illustrated and never the same – once, the cinch had not been pulled tight enough and the saddle slipped out under him; on a different occasion, his horse had been spooked by a snake in the bushes, and during another time, the rocky terrain caused his mare to stumble and he fell, unprepared.
Steve thinks. Regret doesn't change anything, in the end. They've all had to learn that lesson the hard way.
Tony has to hold onto Steve’s shoulder for support when the other man moves them closer to the mirror, close enough that Tony’s knees are near the edge of the mattress and he feels it dip beneath them. If he thought his own reflection was a turn-off before, this close-up sure is teaching him to be grateful for small mercies. Note to past self for when he finally cracks time-travel:
She looks at him for a long second. Then, as she nods, their eye contact is severed abruptly, a ripple in spacetime.
Steve draws in a shaking breath. If the deaths of two of the most valued people in his life could be considered a ‘hitch’, well. “Nat– Natasha didn’t come back from Vormir. You know how the Soul Stone–? You do. Clint– they fought, and she…won. Not in the long run. But she made the sacrifice.”
His profile bears more imperfections up close but to Steve, it only means he's seen more, experienced more,
"I don't–" Tony starts, but snaps his jaw close when he doesn't find the words he's about to say to be the right ones. "I'm not doing this because I want to shut you out, sweetie. I just think you shouldn't have to worry so much about me being sad, hm?"
"I always believed you deserved a happy ending, but it was–almost impossible to get it right without
The people of the castle – knights included – had long learned that their resident physician was not to be provoked.
Maybe they would rouse the angry spirits of long-gone Starks woken from their forever-sleep to come down upon Anthony for disrupting their line of descent.
"Your daughter is something else, huh?" he hears himself say. When he sees Tony looking back at him with a guarded expression, Steve smiles carefully and adds, "I really do appreciate this."
Tony startles, winces, and realizes it's because he's achingly hard underneath two layers of thick, cotton breeches.
Five months bleed into six.
they happen.
he thinks, biting back a grin.
After a minute or so, a suspicious sizzling sound begins to drift over from the kitchen and Steve releases him to check on his (potentially burnt) dinner. Tony settles at the table, throwing his suit jacket and tie over an extra chair. By the time he pours both of them some wine, Steve is already serving dinner: something savory and smelling of curry, the recipe of which he most likely stole from Bruce sometime before big green's sudden disappearance.
’. Shall the devil have him, I say.”
Out of all things, Etta James starts playing, which furthers Tony's belief that his A.I. has become majorly invested where his and Steve's relationship is concerned. As skeptical as his creation was of the concept at first, he's taken to Steve like a duck to water and they are, much to Tony's continued dismay, the biggest co-conspirators next to Rhodey and Pepper when it comes to his personal wellbeing.
Tony keeps his jaw from falling open just so. O-
Hammer breezed right past this subtle reaction, his attention shifting inward as he circled the rim of his empty cup in thought.
Steve swallows hard. What’s he supposed to say? What’s he supposed to do? He doesn't have any experience with children in general, so how in the world can he be expected to know what to do about this little girl whose eyes are nothing short of a facsimile of his own?
It didn't take anything more for Steve to follow him over the edge; really, Steve didn't follow, he was dragged. There was no conscious decision made, nothing he could've done to prevent it from happening.
question, for that matter.
They work the plan over yet again, solving strategic weak points that Stark is all too happy to point out. Closed doors shouldn’t pose a problem anymore – with his knowledge of the technology within the train, it’s practically impossible to keep them out.
"Oh, God." Tony pushes his chair away from the table and turns away, hunching over to bury his face in his hands. His stomach flips upside down. There's not enough air in the room.
, and even the harsh words that accompanied the rejection came as anything but a surprise. They were both strung taut, restless energy thrumming under skin, anger and fear and helplessness making for an explosive cocktail.
Tony opened his mouth, about to answer, when someone piped in from the other side of the bed. "Yup," a voice that definitely belonged to a post-coital Clint said. "Ten out of ten. Would participate again. Five stars on Yelp."
this gets out, the child can’t be Rogers’.”
leave the matter to the wizard. If, you know, Strange hadn’t been dusted like so many others. Namely fifty percent of humanity. Which brings him back to their initial goal -- retrieving the Soul Stone from the godforsaken place that is Vormir. And really, isn’t
“You don’t want me to go out like this, do you? Let’s just– let’s not waste what time we have left. That’s everything I want, Steve. Time with you. Not spending it in agony for some hopeless attempt at rescue. I don’t want that to be my last memory.”
He shakes his head. “2023, originally. We, well–we swiped the Infinity Stones from different points in time, and I was supposed to put them back where they belonged. Including the Tesseract, which we took from a SHIELD facility in the 70s. But you know how that turned out.”
He can’t quite place how long it’s been, but he thinks it has to have been before the serum, and most of those memories are blurry now. One thing he does remember is the feeling of wet heat around his cock, and his own hand decidedly isn't the same.
It’s such an incredibly erotic sight Steve can’t help his dick giving an excited twitch – which makes the whole thing
"You won't, you won’t," Tony cried out, unthinking, not knowing his promise would turn out a lie.
much is solely responsible for it. He thinks he understands it better now, why, after the Decimation and everything that came with it, his
“I’ve been to a lot of coffee houses, Stark, including the Italian’s. There really aint much difference.” Bakhuizen countered and Tony, bored with the line of conversation already, plucked up one of the sweet cakes and gestured with it as he explained.
"That sounds alright" he agreed, laying an arm over Ian's shoulder when the boy came to stand beside him. If he held on a little too tight Ian didn’t say anything about it.
“Astute. Is it my turn? You were desperate a year ago for my help. Now that you are at war, I can only imagine how much more demanding the Führer has become.” It was a joy to watch that smirk slide off the man’s face. Tony continued, pacing toward the windows but keeping both Stanislov and his lacky in sight. “It took me a minute or two, but I figured you were the only one in the world who might want to find me
"I’m a man of peace. Men who carry weapons made for war inevitably find themselves forced into fighting them," Tony dismissed the Warden's false concern with an impatient wave of his hand the way he'd seen Hughard do whenever any subject he didn't like came up.
Mother used to say they were ‘wild as gypsies’ but nobody said that about them anymore.
“He is not German and he has lost his home and half his family. How warm would you be Grig?” Tony shot back at the other man, who shrugged his broad shoulders. Grigur Carboni was a handsome man, blessed with his maternal grandmother’s fair hair, and his father’s warm brown eyes. It was disconcerting how comforting
“Shut up!” someone hissed in warning from behind him. Steve loped on his unsteady feet ignoring them and shaking Herschel's shoulder roughly. “Don't! You’ll get sick.”
"You can't go." She answered. He made a low aggravated sound in his throat and turned away from her sharply. Something hot sliced through her chest like shame and she found herself grabbing at him, face twisting in anger at the unfairness.
The villa gardens were in full bloom, poignantly back dropped by the stunning architecture of the house surrounded by the summer green of trees and the hazy blue of the distant mountains. Tony swallowed, reminded of the mountains surrounding St. Peter’s. He ducked his head, refusing to dwell. He was accustomed to the constant ache of it by now anyhow. Tony rubbed at his chest absently, took a deep breath and then another as he approached the front door and pressed the bell.
feel that big beautiful chest against his. In an instant, Tony is hot all over.
Steve groans something hoarse and needy and takes his hand away from Tony’s back, just long enough to grab the bottle of lube Tony forgot he’d retrieved from the bedside drawer, pop the cap and slick his fingers with a wet, telling squelch.
JARVIS’s voice moves gently through the noise in Tony’s brain: “Sir, Captain Rogers is asking permission to enter.”
The elevator spits him out on the team floor, empty but for Vision, who’s in the communal living room reading a book, of all things. Steve doesn’t point out that Vision has the entire internet at his mind’s disposal and every book that can be found on it; he suspects that, much like he did after coming out of the ice, Vision wants to do things that root him in the same reality as everyone else around him, and reading a physical book is such a purely
God, how does he
“Oh fuck, Steve, oh,
It’s also his first day back in the city after spending the past six weeks in Malibu, “to make sure SI feels equally loved,” as he told the team at their last group dinner (while pointedly ignoring Steve sitting across from him at the table and the fact that even then he couldn’t
Then he starts to lean in.
“Did you brush your teeth?” Tony splutters.
“Sir, I’m being told to remind you that your ten o’ clock is waiting for you at your office.”
“How do we even kno—”
He doesn’t realize he’s said that last bit out loud until Steve sighs as he presses a kiss to Tony’s slack, drooling mouth and says, low and sex-roughened to a coarse grit, “That’s all I want, Tony. All I want. Always.” Tony can’t kiss him back at this angle, so he does the next best thing, pulling his legs tightly together under Steve’s and squeezing around Steve’s punishing cock with every ounce of internal strength he can still muster, squeezing and clenching his loose, sloppy hole until he hears Steve choke on a gasp and curse. “
“Can I take this off?” Steve asks, pulling at the hem of Tony’s shirt. It’s the first question he’s put to Tony that requires an answer, and it takes Tony a second to respond. When he does, it’s in the form of stripping the offending article from his own body, revealing the whole of himself to Steve’s eyes—the backside, anyways. And that’s fine, he can handle that much; Steve doesn’t have to see the scars, or the arc reactor, in this position. Maybe that’s why he laid Tony out like this in the first place, so he wouldn’t have to see how painfully, boringly
Steve laughs. He
“The Wrecking Crew are currently being engaged at the intersection of 5th and 26th.”
Native American tattoo covering the expanse of her shoulders and upper back.
“Or you could kiss me and we’ll know for sure.”
, apparently, is
If Tony dies of happiness or asphyxiation (or both) here, so be it. There are worse ways to go, and none of them involve Steve Rogers making throaty sounds of bone-deep pleasure whenever Tony dares drive his hips forward to grind against Steve’s dick.
, because Natasha’s not entirely
noises. He earned them, he said. And who is Tony to deny Steve what he wants? He never has before. He can’t. So he comes on Steve’s perfect fingers, shooting all over Steve’s abs, his huge, leaking cock, trembling bodily and gasping for breath as his orgasm rolls through him bright and hot and perfect and Steve tells him he’s
“You mean the woman who almost gave you a hard-on when she kissed you on an escalator in D.C.?”
A sound Steve hadn’t heard in over seventy years. And when Steve thanked him afterwards, once Bucky was out of earshot, Tony had simply patted his shoulder with a wan smile and said,
It’s not a big deal, telling the press and the world besides that he and Tony Stark are not, in fact, engaged. It was a lucky shot, that’s all. They sit three feet apart and do not look at each other once in the fifteen minutes it takes to get the message across that Iron Man and Captain America are not in any way together.
, he wonders,
“God, I’m so sorry I’m late, usually I’m never late to this kind of thing but there was a malfunction with the—with the thing, and…I…uh…”
been a long time since he’s gone on a date, even if he does hate the practice pretty much on the whole. One more for the sake of a stranger’s feelings won’t kill him.
“I ran.”
“Oh,” Steve gasps. “
“I know, I know, the only thing worse is Legos, but I was busy! You can’t blame me for—OW FUCK!”
“Fuck, fuck
he’d told him once. Steve had watched Tony’s eyes glaze over and his tongue slowly slide out to lave his bottom lip, obviously salivating at the thought of some random pasta dish, and it had taken just about everything in Steve’s power not to launch himself across the kitchen counter and chase Tony’s tongue with his.
“Me,” Steve says gently, scratching his palms with dulled fingernails. “They’re strangers, and they’re in our
“I wouldn’t tease you about this, Tony,” Steve says quietly. No daylight between them, now. He reaches out a bare hand and wraps it around the hard, shallow curve of Tony’s waist, thousand-dollar silk smooth and giving under his fingers. “Never about this.”
Steve wishes he could go back in time and punch himself in the teeth, just like Tony said.
Tony flings his arms around Steve’s shoulders, gasping hotly every time Steve pulls away to reorient himself and moaning every time he returns, mouth falling open further to let him in deeper, longer. When Steve buries his fingers in Tony’s hair and tugs, Tony shivers and his legs—which had wandered up around Steve’s hips at some point in the proceedings—go slack. His moans turn high and strained until he’s all but keening wetly against Steve’s soft, gentling lips, a heady contrast to the fingers dug in against his scalp. Steve tugs again, rumbling approvingly when Tony whimpers, and then keeps going. He buries one hand in Tony’s hair, plants the other on his ass, and kisses him until Tony’s mouth is slick and tender and open, swallowing every last one of his increasingly desperate little noises with encouraging groans that vibrate against Tony’s ribs.
“I’ve got you, sweetheart,” Steve whispers, and that little brush of his thumb against Tony’s belly absolutely
There had been a couple of years there, the good ones, when he’d spent a lot of time watching Tony in his workshop, learning the ways in which Tony’s genius applied itself to the world. Everything from DUM-E to JARVIS to the suits to their comms to the reactor powering the tower to proprietary satellites to pasta carbonara, Tony’s mind was capable of it all, and then some. And it all lived inside a man who drove Steve crazy with anger and frustration and awe and lust and who gave Steve so unbelievably much without asking for anything,
, hard and hot and massive inside his abused, fluttering hole, pulling out with a thick, sloppy wet sound to run his length across Tony’s asshole, smearing his come over Tony’s too-sensitive perineum and his hot, puffy rim with a groan that sounds like it came straight out of the earth before plunging his heavy cock back inside with a hoarse shout that makes Tony’s traitorous heart skip a beat. It’s so good, so hurting and so deep, slow and deliberate where Steve was rough and fast and hard and wild before; this is just for Steve’s pleasure, this time, and there’s something liberating about that, being soft and spent while Steve fucks him again, pinning Tony’s hands above his head in a rough, unbreakable grip even as he’s works Tony over, so sweet and gentle with his motions, paying special attention to the squeeze of Tony’s rim around the hot, blunt head of his cock, pumping himself there, thumb spreading Tony’s cheek so he can
Rogers is hesitating. He doesn’t want to be selfish—that’s not in his nature. Steve smiles and reaches out, cups his hands around the one with the device and closes Rogers’ fingers around it.
, Tony is never going to forget that as long as he lives. He’s not going to forget Steve’s fingers, either, holding perfectly still inside him now as Steve brings himself off fast and hard, chasing Tony’s orgasm with his own like he can’t let Tony be the odd man out. The sounds his fist makes as it flies over his cock are lewd and filthy and
Chest heaving, Steve looks up at Tony and asks, still shaking, “How about now?”
thinks he doesn’t have one.
There. He acted like an adult and did the adult thing. Where’s his cookie?
“Got something better in mind, Cap?” Tony says, wriggling his hips against Steve’s, gasping at the brush of wet fingers against his hole. As if to answer his question, Steve presses them inside, slow and deliberate and so wet, it drips past Tony’s balls and onto the sheets. Something goes loose in the back of Tony’s brain at that, at Steve feeding his come into Tony’s body. It’s so fucking filthy, it’s perfect. Tony gasps against Steve’s grinning mouth, whines despite himself at the gentle way Steve fingers him, soft and gentle. He doesn’t know what to do with his hands. He settles on clutching the bedspread, squeezing his thighs against Steve’s hips.
“It just takes practice, would probably only take you a we—wait, what—”
So he let him go. And now Steve’s with Sam, who’s seized the opportunity to show Steve off to the world, and who can blame him? If Tony had been stronger, more self-assured, more defiant of the assumptions placed on him by the world around him—
When Steve’s tongue unceremoniously leaves Tony’s ass, Tony groans. “God, Steve,
them to leave. Tony isn’t exactly complaining—Steve’s hands are magic, big and steady and confident, like the rest of him, and they curve around his hip and the swell of his ass perfectly. And he
Later, Twitter gets hold of a picture of them walking out of the restaurant, smiling goofily at each other and totally unaware of any photographers.
“Alright, you rabble-rousers, pipe down,” he shouts as the image on screen flickers to life.
“Vision,” Steve nods, smiling distractedly. “I’m just—”
“Shh,” Steve hushes him with a soft, delicate smile that twists something in Tony’s chest. “It’s okay. You did so good, Tony. You were perfect.”
doesn’t sting a little bit, even as it drives home his rationale for avoiding the entire practice in the first place. At least he’ll have ammunition against Natasha the next time she tries her hand at matchmaking.
. That shouldn’t be the thing that does him in. The words are too pedestrian, too fucking
, need you to fuck me, need your cock inside me, want you to split me open and make me come,
Natasha opens her mouth to say something when the elevator doors open with a light
That’s a lie. He wasted it. He knows that now, better than he’s known anything in his entire life, and that includes JARVIS’s coding and what it felt like when Obie forcibly removed the arc reactor from his chest. He spent six incredible, heartwarming, spine-melting, almost-picture-perfect months in a relationship with Steve Rogers, a man he’d been in love with for years before that, and no one knew about it.
. More to the point, it was
Tony had said to him once when he’d found Steve awake in the communal kitchen at 4 AM, too riled by a nightmare to go back to sleep. At Steve’s confused look, he’d smiled—kind, soft,
“That’s it, sweetheart,” Tony murmurs as he presses gentling kisses to Steve’s face, “you want to come for me, don’t you? Feel me inside, how wet I am—that’s it, baby, come on,
Steve closes the greenroom door behind him with a chuckle, already opening his arms as he turns around to let Tony in.
, because those are Steve’s eyes falling to Tony’s lips, bright with realization and hope, blue as fire, blue as the light of Tony’s exposed heart—
you. Come for me, now, want to watch you…”
“You built them all those prosthetics?”
Steve turns toward him, broad chest straining against his white tee shirt. Tony doesn’t look. He doesn’t have to. He’s thought enough about Steve’s chest over the years, he could draw a perfect 1:1 ratio of it from memory.
“Shut up, no you don’t.”
. But now Pepper’s got a PR hellfire to put out, and Steve woke up this morning wishing the floor would open up and swallow him whole, so it’s not exactly harmless. He’s pretty sure he’s been blushing redder than a fire engine since Sam texted him a screencap of a tweet that was just The Picture™ and “?!?!?!?!!?!?!??!?!?!” for 280 characters.
“If you’ll excuse me, ma’am,” and oh, Tony could blow Steve
He’d just managed to scrounge up a good mood during that meeting. It would be a shame to ruin it so soon. Naturally, he does exactly what Rhodey told him not to do and turns on the TV in his office. He does it expecting reports of a stock drop, or Stark weapons being sold on the black market. He doesn’t expect to come face to face with footage of Steve laughing freely with his arm around Sam Wilson’s shoulders, Sam’s hand wrapped snug around Steve’s bony hip, the two of them walking together down 5th Avenue in the sunshine.
“Yes, yes,
“Ugh,
“Eat this and you can work it off with me later.”
It’s the most forthright question Steve has ever put to him about his alcoholism. The sheer shock of it makes Tony’s mouth drop open. He’s not offended, just…surprised. Steve’s done a lot of growing over the years—sometimes Tony forgets, and then sometimes Steve says something like
Steve’s watched Tony kiss Thor for bringing him seconds of whatever he’s snacking on without having to ask; Tony’s kissed Clint for beating him at poker, much to Clint’s extremely vocal chagrin; after Bruce, who has been resigned to his fate since Day One, Natasha gets the most kisses out of all of them, for everything from saving Tony’s life on missions to fixing his tie before an Avengers press conference. There was Bucky just the one time, on the back of his prosthetic hand, after Tony finished soldering a plate that had come loose during a fight. Bucky didn’t say anything at the time, but Steve remembers how he wouldn’t stop staring at the place where Tony’s lips touched for hours after the fact, like he couldn’t believe anyone, let alone
“You can’t give me a bedtime, Cap,” he says lightly. “You’re not my
This seems like a fork-down conversation. Steve places his on the table and tries not to glance longingly at the pasta on his plate. Steve knows when Tony is gathering himself to speak, which is exactly what’s happening now, so he waits  and doesn’t eat. He does take a drink, though. That much feels appropriate.
he shrugs. “It used to be booze; now I sublimate the urge with tech benders. It’s a win/win for everyone, when you think about it: I don’t drink, and the Avengers get new toys.”
It’s not a question. Steve laughs hoarsely. “Yeah, you could say that.” More like
Which was an issue, because then he couldn’t stop noticing certain things about Tony when he was around, and especially when he wasn’t: like how Tony knew how Steve liked his coffee despite the fact they’d never talked about it, or how Tony always made sure to keep to Steve’s right when they walked or sat next to each other, because Steve carried his shield with his left hand and Tony knew he felt better with it open. And when they were apart it was almost worse, because then Steve noticed how much
“JARVIS,” he says,
Tony gasps wetly. It’s too much. It’s too much, and it’s not enough. Tony makes a high, plaintive noise in the back of his throat and releases his cock, instead grabbing Steve’s waist with both hands and holding on for dear life as Steve does it again, and again, and again, short, slow, deep thrusts that keep Tony full to bursting, so much he can barely
kiss, followed by a warm and lingering
and gentle
before surging forward to press Tony against the door and oh good, that’s Steve’s hand on his ass, palming the curve and digging his fingers into the inseam hard enough that Tony can’t help but shudder and melt into them.
, but Steve is right there ready to catch him with both hands. They burn where they’re pressed against Tony’s back, which arches away from the door as Steve kisses him so thoroughly Tony wonders if the man has suddenly decided to take up cartography.
, Tony,” Steve manages from behind the sudden tightness in his throat, “But we’re talking about
“Friends of friends,” Tony replies. Steve also knows Tony well enough to recognize his
“Did you make coffee?” Tony doesn’t wheeze, per se, but it’s a near thing.
Tony’s lips are yielding and taste faintly of wine and carpaccio piemontese. Kissing him feels more right than Steve could have imagined (and he’d imagined a lot, elaborately and often). One peck and he knows without a doubt he could kiss Tony for hours. But that’s all besides the point. The point is now,
Funny how after six weeks away with no contact of any kind, all that R&R and R&D and B&Js and G&Ts, one look at Steve is enough to put Tony right back where he started, heartsore and winded like the hurt is forcing the air from his lungs.
in a single frame it’s a miracle he managed to think about debriefing or damage control or anything else related to the battle.
Tony but also doesn’t know where they stand.
Because of course Steve can see his pinched expression, even in this dim light. Steve sees almost everything. Key word: almost. But Tony is so wrung out, if he so much as glances at Steve right now, he knows he’ll give something away. Steve will see one of Tony’s little fantasies playing out behind his eyes and that’ll be it for this witching hour rendezvous routine Tony’s come to enjoy too much for his own good.
Tony tries to lift his head. Fails. Drops it back down to rest against Steve’s massive bicep. That’s fine. That’s better than being able to lift his own head, by a mile. “
While Steve draws on those memories often enough with others on the team, it’s a rare occasion for Tony to be on the receiving end of Steve’s nursing hand like this. Jokes or angry silence over cuts, breaks, and bruises, sure, but this? Tender hands and a voice pitched low and soothing, lullaby-soft, speaking words of gentle encouragement? Tony’s head feels light with it.
“Gonna come again,” Steve says, breaking away from one of his soul-sucking kisses to look Tony in the eye, hips pistoning at top speed. Tony would be bent up against the headboard if it weren’t for Steve’s arms around him, keeping him in place. Were there two of Steve before? Three seems unlikely, but there they are, floating in and out of Tony’s field of vision. Tony gasps, nods bonelessly, clinging to Steve with nerveless fingers to whatever part of him he can grab hold of first as Steve pumps his cock in and out of his loose hole, all the way out so he can kiss Tony’s rim with his fat cockhead and then slide in deep again. He does it again, and again, all the way out, all the way back in, a long slide and a wet, filthy kiss and a deep, hard thrust.
Tony absolutely
Tony winces. “What time is it, J?”
“—wonder what he thought about bringing on War Machine on a full-time basis, but the man continues to be infuriatingly committed to the Air Force, which, as far as one-sided marriages go, I really think he could do better—”
Crazier and more impossible things have happened.
While Bill goes back to talking compound bows with Hawkeye, Steve looks at the man on the couch. Sam and Vision are now sitting on either side of him: both of his legs end at mid-thigh, and in their place are what look like brand-new metal limbs, designed to match his proportions exactly. The metal is dark, shiny,
. He loves Steve’s misplaced sense of optimism and the way he can’t stomach zombie movies; loves his discordant collection of grandpa flannels and form-fitting dark wash jeans; loves his inability to back down and his ability to keep others from falling; loves his bone-dry sense of humor and his foul mouth and his sweet, soft, tender heart.
Steve Rogers of 2023 knows this kid won’t hesitate to seize the opportunity he’s about to be presented with.
There is a kitchen—because where else would Tony be at three o’ clock in the morning after a gala where the only offerings were inscrutable fish tarts (greasy, possibly made with fake crab) and stuffed mushroom canapés (sodium bombs waiting to go off), neither of which he ate—a tuxedo jacket draped over a chair, an open takeaway carton of cold pork fried rice, a glass of water Tony wishes was something stronger, and Steve.
“It’s not about that. I’m just...me and you’re—”
you learn to be patient. you learn to show more than you tell. because you realize that Tony was lied to his entire life, about so many things. Lied to his face about who he was, who he was going to be, who he never would be
did Tony miss that look for so long? How could he have mistaken it for anything else?), “why were you staring holes in the back of Clint’s head when I walked in?”
it, does it for Tony. Something inside him
And his hand is still wrapped around Tony’s wrist.
Tony’s eyes flutter closed. He kisses Steve back, reaching up to cup his face, feel the sweat of exertion there, the kind that makes Steve glow. Breathing each other’s air, they come down like that, wrapped around each other and kissing, breathing, kissing, touching. Tony’s face is wet from crying, but Steve doesn’t seem to mind. If anything, he takes particular care to wipe every last trace of Tony’s tears away, whispering sweet nothings in his ear as he goes, kissing away a new tear when it escapes.
“Keep doing
“Thanks, babe,” Tony says smoothly, as if he didn’t just come within millimeters of kissing Steve on the lips. As if
Tony swallows nothing but air. Steve, never breaking eye contact, cards his fingers through the hair on the back of Tony’s head and holds them there.
Steve blinks. Even struck speechless and dumbfounded, Steve is the most gorgeous thing Tony’s ever seen.
Tony stands at the island, elbows on white marble, rubbing his tired eyes until little white lights start to sparkle in the black. The pressure is fantastic, and the sheer relief of it is enough to pull a quiet, pitiful groan from deep in his chest.
enough to get him there. He doesn’t know what will, but Steve might.
“The cube was just a housing unit,” Steve explains, slipping back into his old by-the-book tone of voice like one slips on a pair of well-worn leather shoes. Pierce takes it with an eerie smile.
Most of all Steve noticed how Tony kissed everyone—except him.
as he comes and comes and
The coffee scalds when he drinks it, but the burn is good. It reorients the pain currently trying to wring the blood out of Tony’s heart, gives him something to focus on that isn’t this unbearable, overwhelming sense of regret. Heat to burn away the creeping chill that breaking up with Steve was the biggest mistake Tony’s ever made in his life.
He can only build so many replacement hearts.
. “Been a bit preoccupied.”
When Tony’s thighs start trembling, he gasps. It’s too soon. Panicked, Tony tries to pull off of Steve’s fingers, but Steve just clamps one immovable hand on Tony’s hip and holds him down, grinding the heel of his palm against Tony’s perineum and tapping his prostate once before circling it with those unerring fingertips, faster the louder Tony gets, harder the more he tries to break away from the pleasure of it, building and mounting and crashing down over him like a fucking tidal wave.
of film smacking the floor as the reel spins on and on until coming to a feeble stop. He can hear breathing, heavy and labored and sliding quickly toward panic, and he realizes with a shuddering gasp that it’s
—that would be him taking Steve shopping, making him laugh and smile as he tucked his hand around that lovely hip and held him close while the world watched on in envy.
you call him every foul, dirty name in the book when you fuck him loudly against the wall and sob yourself hoarse when he makes love to you for what feels like
“Open your hand, Steve,” Tony whispers, already lifting Steve’s left hand from his lap for him. When Steve spreads his fingers, Tony places the tie, now folded neatly in a perfect square (
Tony burns with embarrassment. He knows his face is bright red, because Steve is staring right at it and grinning like he just won a prize.
“Look at all of that hair! Danny Zuko’s got nothing on you, Stark,” Clint laughs. Tony nails him with a popcorn kernel right in the ear.
. Capable only of making breathless, broken sounds of pleasure against Steve’s soft mouth while Steve pulls Tony’s leg up and fucks him sideways, every thrust deep and massive and twisting and
Redhead is gabbing excitedly, gesticulating like Tony does when he’s in the mad depths of an invention binge. Steve sees the glint of metal and hears the whir of mechanisms working smoothly together in tandem and realizes both of the man’s hands are prosthetic.
“You say that like this isn’t a big deal.”
It’s just stress, he tells himself. And nerves. A lot of those. But that’s to be expected, isn’t it? A few days ago he was doing the Lone Ranger thing again, and now there are two Spider-people in his living room, and Luke Cage is talking about moving his wife and unborn child into the tower.
“I’m not bringing back Pointy-Faced Iron Man and his Roller Skates of Doom, Cap.”
been looked at the way Steve is looking at him right now.
, Tony, the number of times I wanted to do
Tony does the obedient thing for once and waits, because he wants to see what Steve’s got planned—sure, he’ll reassert himself later, but for now it’s a thrill to lie spread out for Steve and
It’s not like he wanted to wait this long to talk to Steve. Touch him. Kiss him, even, if that was still on the table. No one could experience getting kissed
Steve hauls him in closer until they’re chest to chest. Steve is a wall of warmth and soft cotton and the unmistakable smell of what Tony’s logical brain knows is a combination of dish soap and laundry detergent and leftover Chinese food and leather and aftershave and gasoline and whatever pomade Steve uses and that fancy lavender-and-amber oil diffuser that Natasha gave Steve for his birthday a couple months ago, but what his emotional brain, his hindbrain, his
“You haven’t—?”
And Tony knows Steve so well already, the thought of knowing even
“I thought I was doing a good job of keeping that under wraps,” Steve says, sitting up now so they can have this conversation eye-to-eye. And he did, really—at some point between telling Tony the truth about Bucky and his parents and opening the compound to trainees and new Avengers recruits together, Steve could no longer deny the fact that he had managed to develop a frankly
Steve allows himself a little pout.
Steve isn’t alone. He’s not alone, and he’s
“I’m fine, Cap,” he replies, not
He doesn’t have the heart to ask Tony to call him that for real.
and himself
, his heart beating somewhere up between his ears, he thinks, and the only thing keeping him anywhere close to earth is Tony, whose name he hears in his head like a mantra:
It feels easy. It feels
Steve, having caught his own breath, tips his head forward with a sigh. Expecting-slash-hoping for another window-fogging kiss, Tony closes his eyes. He huffs a high, breathless moan and opens up for it, arms around Steve’s neck, panting humidly against his mouth.
Steve shifts, his heavy blue jacket lifting from his hips as he raises a hand and rests it on Tony’s shoulder. Even at arm’s length, Tony can feel the heat radiating off the man, as bright and infectious as the day they met.
; Steve leans down and teases a nipple into his mouth, sucks hard with his damp, burning mouth while Tony tries to think past the way Steve is breaking him open on his cock and he’s barely even inside. Steve distracts him gamely, biting and teasing his nipples with that hot, wet tongue, staring down at Tony and smiling, his dog tags tickling Tony’s sternum, before he reaches for his cock and guides Tony’s hand, up and down, leisurely to make him relax, enough to make his muscles loosen and allow the head of Steve’s cock, the biggest part of him, slip inside fully.
, he tells himself, watching condensation streak through the remnants of steam on the mirror. This is just like any other breakup, only slightly complicated by the fact that he leads a team of superheroes with his ex, and was best friends with his ex for years before they got together, and still thinks the world of his ex, and still wants his ex, and is still madly in love with his ex.
Of course Steve would end up with Sam, Tony thinks. Sam is the kind of good Tony could never hope to be—no blood on his hands, at least not like Tony has and can never wash off, no matter how many lives he saves. He’s Steve’s age, and smart, and stable, and trustworthy down to his core. He’s also hot as hell, Tony can easily admit, even if Steve burns hotter than anyone who enters his orbit. Tony once joked with Steve that Tony was the ugly one in their relationship, but Steve’s sour expression had stopped Tony from expanding on that particular line of self-deprecating humor.
“When you wear that suit, do you feel like yourself?”
to take care of him. Take him upstairs, clean him up, put him to bed to sleep for at least twelve hours. Wants to wake up next to him in the morning and kiss him first thing.
“You always do,” Tony says. He won’t look at Steve, even though they are sitting an inch apart from shoulder to knee and breathing the same air and have been fake-engaged for going on half a week. “Sorry if I worried you, Cap.”
you kiss his scarred fingers, with their fresh cuts and scrapes and bruises from working in the shop, with a reverence. you draw baths for him and don't join, even though it's one of your favorite things to do in the world, because you can just tell Tony is going through
“How do we test it without ruining it?”
. Take Steve.
love him, more than you've loved anything else in your life, ever will, but he is
job of pretending not to glance pityingly at Steve and the two untouched champagne glasses on his table. Steve sighs and shrugs at the waiter (his name is Duncan, Steve learned during Refill Number Three), who’s come by to refill his water glass again. How many does that make? Five? Six? Duncan glances at the empty seat across from Steve and shakes his head.
“Steve?”
Tony moans, arching up against the hard, hot plane of Steve’s body, pushing down on Steve’s magic fingers. “Everything,” he whines, white-knuckling the sheets and biting his tongue to stop anything more incriminating from spilling out. But Steve doesn’t seem to mind it—if anything, his answering groan says he
“Worth it.”
“It’s okay,” he says.
“Any chance you’ve got eyes on Cap?”
It's too easy to imagine how fucking
“Let us watch
, and that there’s nothing stopping Steve from getting an eyeful of Tony’s scarred, brutalized chest, or the bright blue battery in the middle of it.
let out an embarrassed little squeak at that realization.
“Bit of a downer, I know,” he says lightly, staring up at the ceiling, hands hovering undecidedly on either side of his head.  “You can just turn me back over, I don’t mind.”
“Tony, it’s just me. It’s okay. I’m going to put my hand on your back.”
Natasha would be proud of him, the way he punches Skull clean through the side of the mountain on his way out.
“I’ll still make an exception in your case, Staff Sergeant,” Steve replies, shaking his hand, “for not saluting a ranking officer.”
But what steals the show isn’t the bad guys being paraded out into the waiting SHIELD trucks, still immobilized by Tony’s tech—it’s Steve, carrying Iron Man out onto the street in a bridal carry while Sam waves bystanders back. Both of them are covered in dust, but Steve catches the camera’s particular attention: it zooms in on his dusty face, which is streaked with crisp lines of tears as Steve lowers Iron Man onto the pavement and rips off his faceplate. The camera is too far away and there’s too much ambient noise to hear it, but Tony can see Steve’s mouth shaping itself around Tony’s name, can see him gritting his teeth as he begs Tony to wake up and cries all the while like his world is ending.
For a moment, Steve holds him there under his searching gaze, one massive hand still wrapped around Tony’s wrist. The heat in the elevator is climbing, Tony notices, sweat building up in the small of his back. It’s hard to think with Steve this close, even if he hasn’t moved any further into Tony’s space; alone together in an elevator, alone for the first time in god knows how long, and all it takes for Tony’s higher thoughts to dislodge and fall headlong into pining, pining,
In reality, however, Tony swallows back tears of frustration and exhaustion and struggles to swallow down his increasingly frantic need to run away. It doesn’t matter, though, since Steve won’t let go of his wrist, and if Tony thinks he can out-stubborn Steve Rogers while operating on fumes, he’s an even bigger idiot than Clint so often claims he is.
“Is that all?”
Tony doesn’t need to see them to know that the woman’s hand is currently working its way up Steve’s arm from his wrist; he can hear it in the way Steve makes a point of clearing his throat, a laugh catching the tail end of it, and the whisper of hard soles chafing against concrete as he takes two steps back. Even when discouraging someone’s unwanted advances, Steve is the consummate gentleman.
. Easy. Being with Steve feels like coming home. The superheroics are more than enough to satisfy their respective need for high-octane thrills; this need, now, here, is far simpler, and far easier to satisfy. He wants to see Steve, so he’s going to go see Steve. If it’s cheesy and saccharine and cliché, fuck it—they’ve earned the right to be.
He reaches for Steve’s hands. “So do I,” he replies, and holds on tight.
on his lap and coffee in hand, he analyzes the photo with a more measured eye than he had yesterday, when he’d been so blindsided by seeing
After spending a couple of minutes in each other's arms coming down from the high, Steve presses a trembling thumb against Tony’s chin, scratching the pad against his beard with tiny back-and-forth motions. He whispers Tony’s name softly, intimately, like it’s a promise he is determined to keep.
Steve has just enough brainpower left to remember that 1) they’re surrounded by onlookers, and 2) if they keep going like this, Duncan’s going to have to throw them out.
? That word has never appeared in any of his fantasy scenarios, except the one in which Steve apologizes for taking so long to realize that Tony’s madly in love with him (because that would be
there, the worry writ large in those beautiful blues, but he’s relieved to note that Steve isn’t disappointed in him. He’d see it if he was. The frowny face is cute, though.
There’s still a commotion happening in the lobby, the fallout of Tony’s self-inflicted heart attack diversion, but Steve manages to force himself away from where he knows Tony is to walk right up to Alexander Pierce. He would dearly love to drop the man right here and now in this lobby, audience be damned, but he has a part to play, yet.
“Just waiting for the cavalry to arrive!” With a bloody grin, Piledriver reveals his other hand: in it, an old Stark bomb that went off the market
Tony doesn’t know if he can describe how Steve is looking at him, even with his brain on high alert, borderline fight-or-flight mode, because he’s
Tony pours the hot water into the press and watches the grounds float up and swirl around in the dark.
Steve turns his whole head to look at Tony then. He notices the shaking and knows it’s not from wind chill.
There’s nothing stopping him from slowly pushing his hands under the front of Steve’s now-untucked T-shirt to stroke the hard plane of his abs. Tony preens to see Steve’s eyes flutter dazedly at the contact.
of his time with Tony Stark and it still wouldn’t be enough. But there is only so much of himself and his time Tony seems willing to give, romantically or otherwise, and Steve’s made his peace with that. Mostly.
“Who are those people, Tony?”
Now it seems Natasha’s noticed
Sensitivity be damned, Tony rolls his hips against Steve’s hand. It’s worth it just to hear the noise it shakes loose from Steve’s chest, a deep, shuddering gasp that sounds almost surprised. The hand on his cock moves impossibly faster.
able to talk,” Steve huffs a laugh, presses a searing kiss against the bruise he left on Tony’s neck earlier and licking it with the wet flat of his tongue for effect. “You amaze me, Tony. You’re so—how are you so
Before Tony can blink, Steve is off the bed, making a beeline for the bathroom and leaving Tony naked, starfished and Steve-less on the mattress. “Uh.”
Steve dials the date and time and coordinates from memory.
“You’re a menace.”
“I miss that armor.”
Life, Steve’s learned too many times in too many devastating ways, is too goddamn short. Tony didn’t hesitate, in the end, so Steve won’t either. Not now.
Steve pulls away with a wet suctioning sound, filthy and loud in the soundproofed bedroom. Tony moans at that, because who wouldn’t. It’s so lewd, so unlike Steve, but he knows if he looks over his shoulder, that’s who he’ll see. And isn’t
in a nutshell, isn’t it? He wants too much, and in his wanting he loses everything, every fucking time.
Tony laughs, then groans, remembering as his lungs contract the fingers still lodged in his ass. Steve slips them out with a beatific smile, the smug bastard, but at least he takes care not to trip on Tony’s prostate on the way out. Mercy, indeed.
Tony’s voice snarks. Steve bites his tongue for a second to hold off the snort threatening to escape him. The Ancient One raises an eyebrow (or lack thereof) at him with a smirk.
, and he’s sobbing,
“Did you leave it
the sound of that.
“Can’t help it if it’s true,” Steve replies, leaning forward with both eyes rapt on Tony’s face before he hesitates with a wince. “Ah—hold that thought.”
maybe
“What?”
, Steve, oh,
is a word they’ve ever used with each other. When he pulls back, Tony’s face shutters quickly, but even Steve can’t miss the look of pure shock there before Tony turns away. Maybe he can’t believe he said it, either?
, my mama would kill me for swearing in front of you, fucking—shit,
Love, Steve thinks, is a much better look on Tony Stark than dread.
died in the hit that was meant for me. I figured, the least I could do was find five of their closest buddies who needed help.”
kissed
“Right before you launched me at him.”
The past is past, except when it’s not. Rogers is unstuck, but Steve isn’t. Not anymore. He hasn’t been for a long, long time.
A panic attack. How
Then he’s rearing up, hips still pistoning, and grabbing Tony’s left arm, then his right. Tony’s head collapses against the bed as Steve folds his arms across the small of his back. “Right there,” Steve says, squeezing Tony’s arms with one massive hand for emphasis. Tony grabs hold of his elbows and braces himself against Steve’s thrusting hips, moaning wetly into the sheets as Steve fills him up again and again and again, deep shuddering thrusts from tip to base, so thick and unyielding Tony can’t not give way to it, can’t not feel the warm, spiking pleasure of orgasm pulling him higher, closer to something he can’t fathom but wants, desperately, enough to keep his hands to himself and drool into the sheets as every one of Steve’s bone-shuddering thrusts nudges the tip of Tony’s cock against that wet spot and pings his prostate simultaneously until Tony is tingling all over, fingers flexing helplessly against his own elbows.
“Sorry, that came out wrong,” Steve says quietly, now leaning slightly into Tony’s space. Attempting to ignore the fact (and failing) that he can feel the warmth coming off of the other man at this distance, Tony blinks at Steve with all the wherewithal of a deer caught in the headlights.
“God, how are you still such a horrible liar, Cap? Is there something in the serum that makes it impossible for you to keep a good poker face?”
Then, he looks at Steve, lit up the way a child whose parent has just given them a whole dollar to spend might be.
“Uh,” Steve is too distracted by the furious blush currently working its way past Tony’s pristine white shirt collar to respond at first. “Hi, Tony. Wanna, uh, have a seat?”
. The part of Tony’s brain—a scant centimeter, at best—that isn’t currently blasting a hundred sirens at full volume is actually kind of impressed.
“That bad, huh?”
So Steve waits, breathing evenly, until Tony braves the journey from staring at his collarbone to looking Steve in the eye—only then does Steve smile with all of the affection and patience and admiration he has for this one-in-a-billion man. Steve watches Tony swallow air, a sheen of nervous sweat gathering at the exposed notch at the base of his throat; when Tony reaches out, Steve holds perfectly still, the way a person would trying to rescue a stray cat. Patience. Patience. Be open, be gentle, be soft.
“The scepter didn’t exactly bring out our
Tony sags into Steve’s touch, his large, warm hand cradling Tony’s head like something precious; the deeper dark quiets the room around them, makes it less overwhelming, less full of ghosts waiting to cast their own opaque shadows on the empty walls. Tony and Steve are left standing in a dim light Tony knows makes him look sallow; he wavers on his feet, left to borrow from Steve’s strength because he can’t find his own. Lucky for Tony, Steve is right there, braced and ready for anything. Like always.
, you loved each other. it wouldn't have hurt nearly as much—felt like a piece of you being ripped away, phantom pain aging you inwardly until every step in any direction that wasn't toward Tony was agony—if you didn't.
Steve still remembers the way his hand had clenched under his thigh at those words.
Steve bites his lip. “Uh, yeah. Figured you’d be hungry since you spent all afternoon in the workshop.”
when Steve fucks him like this, breaking him open and stitching him back together again. He’s never been too nervous to come, but like this, pinned under Steve’s huge, sweltering body, being fucked open and full, it feels daunting, like jumping off a skyscraper without the suit. There’s no promise as to where he’s going to land, or how hard the ground’s going to hit him when he does; all he can trust is that Steve will be there with him, falling too.
. Such a good little cockslut, Tony. Let me hear you. I want to hear it all. Give it to me.” Steve is fucking
He should stop this. Even if they both want it—and Tony really,
He doesn’t realize Tony’s been talking the whole time until he sits down on the bench at the foot of Tony’s bed and manages to take a breath. Tony is pacing in front of him, still dressed for the office, only his patterned tie loosened slightly around his neck. Steve watches him for a moment, listens, distracted from his existential crisis by the line of Tony’s jaw, perfectly shaven but nonetheless softened slightly by age, and the excitable, mile-a-minute way he talks when he realizes Steve’s not about to interrupt him. Steve is mesmerized by his hands, always, but especially when they’re like this—animated, practically dancing in mid-air while Tony talks. Steve spent so much of his life imagining death, wishing for it, chasing it, always living in its shadow; by contrast, Tony is life itself, chaotic and beautiful in all of its bright, flawed perfection, and just watching him move and talk could chase away any memory Steve has of darkness.
Tony feels reshaped, divinely molded to Steve’s perfect, overwhelming shape. And then he feels Steve’s mouth on him, lipping over his shoulders, dragging his tongue up the side of Tony’s neck and biting him on the meatiest part of his trapezius, holding him there like fucking animal with its willing prey. Tony makes a mindless, openmouthed sound of pure fucked-out
for months you watch this doubt flicker like a guttering little flame in Tony's bright blue eyes, every time you say "I love you, Tony" with your voice. it's never there when you're brushing your teeth next to other in the morning, bumping hips and giggling like the children you never got to be; it's not there when you silently hand him his coffee and kiss him on the temple on his way out the door to a morning meeting, grousing on the phone even as he blows a kiss to you before the elevator doors close; it's not there when you sit down next to him after a battle, on the steps of some middle-of-nowhere courthouse that just got blown up by some no-name villain, taking unspeakable comfort in the radiating heat coming off the armor that kept Tony safe in combat, and without having to ask or say anything at all Tony takes the helmet off and you lean your foreheads together and just breathe each other's air, too relieved and too exhausted to kiss; it's not there when you make love to him, slowly, excruciatingly sweet, your hips rolling in a steady, undulating wave between Tony's long, golden thighs, his arms loose around your neck, his gorgeous voice gone raspy and quiet from screaming through two orgasms already, and you tell him to look at you as you come together one last time.
,” he breathes, tracing the seam of him where he’s squeezed tight around Steve’s cock with a reverent thumb, the one Tony had so badly wanted to suck earlier. “Just look at you. All full of me. You take it so well, don’t you, sweetheart? All that cock, deep inside you…”
He tosses the phone away and buries his face in his hands with the beginnings of a sob, a sound he chokes down like the booze he kind of wishes he still drank. He’s not proud of the thought, but the misery of truly losing Steve—and any hope of fixing what he broke between them—has opened a window to everything he’d ignored while in Malibu, sunning himself and pretending he hadn’t wounded himself beyond repair.
“I know you’ve got big shoulders, Steve, but you don’t have to take on my baggage on top of everything else.”
my good poker face,” Steve replies, and there it is again, the same look Steve gave him earlier before the night spun out like a race car with its wheels blown off: intense, considering, and so, so close.
“Sit down,” Tony says, the question mark unvoiced. Steve is immediately struck, as he pulls Tony forward while Tony pushes him backward, by the sudden shift in Tony’s demeanor: a frisson of nervous energy clings to him still, but his shoulders are straighter, his hands down at Steve’s hips, pushing him gently but firmly back toward the bench at the foot of Tony’s bed. The look in the man’s eyes is downright molten, hot and liquid and burning, and it makes Steve stumble as he sits, snared by that look like a helpless animal before an inexorable lava flow.
Swallowing around the nameless knot in his throat, Tony blinks up at Steve and asks, “How’s Sam?”
He’s deliberately
“Tony…”
“Ugh,
“Y-you first,” Tony gasps, voice breaking around a cry when Steve responds with a thumb against Tony’s fluttering rim. It’s
“Ah, hell, Tony,” Steve gasps, shifting his thrusts so each stroke is longer, deeper,
He looks like he’s
It reminds Steve distinctly of Tony, how his eyes crease deeply at the corners when he grins.
,” Steve tells him, voice a low growl in Tony’s ear. Before Tony can respond, Steve latches onto that same spot on his neck, sucking a bruise high and hard into the sensitive skin there. Forget weak, Tony’s knees are
Tony can’t even muster the energy to balk at his own nakedness in light of his deliriousness as every last thought in his head is pushed out of alignment by Steve’s sweet, hungry mouth. And then there’s Steve’s nakedness, the hard, hot planes of his perfect body against Tony’s, the slightest slip of sweat already easing the way between them. But Steve’s hands stay on Tony’s back. He doesn’t move to take Tony’s cock in hand again, or even slip his fingers into Tony’s wet, loosened hole; he can feel Steve’s spit on his rim, cooling in the open air as he sits spread out over Steve’s massive, muscular thighs.
him. It doesn’t change the fact that Steve wants nothing more than to hold his hand, now that it’s hanging at his side like its string was just cut. “A while back I dug into Air Force records, talked to Rhodey, got some names.
, almost more than anything he’s ever wanted in his life.
“Sir, there are reports of an attack on 5th Avenue,” JARVIS announces. Dread drops a block of ice down Tony’s throat, so cold and horrible it almost freezes him in place.
that is Steve’s huge and heavy cock covered in come, gripped in a loose fist and still, unbelievably, hard. Tony licks his lips and thinks again about how much he wants that in his mouth, as much as he can possibly fit, suck Steve off with all of the mastery he’s acquired over the years and make
Then Tony realizes his own hands have come back up to rest on Steve’s shoulders of their own volition, and one of Steve’s hands has drifted down ever so slightly. It presses and Tony goes, stumbling forward until they’re chest to chest again.
, and he noticed how much work Tony put into making the compound a
into some dark corner before his speech, maybe ravish him a little bit for luck, but instead Tony’s left scanning the sea of faces, listless and alone.
“since that’s what I am.”
“Can’t have that,” Steve says, pressing a kiss between Tony’s shoulders. “I haven’t even gotten started with you, yet.”
, and Steve is holding it in his
“Think I saw it on the counter by the coffeemaker, Cap.”
So Steve goes. Shirt still clinging to him like a second skin, blood thrumming from a good spar and Natasha’s casual interrogation, he walks into the nearest elevator and asks FRIDAY to take him to Tony’s floor before he can think twice about what he’s doing. He can’t help but think FRIDAY is more conniving than even JARVIS was, speeding him past each consecutive floor of the Avengers team building to the very top noticeably faster than usual. He doesn’t mention anything, and neither does the A.I., which is probably for the best.
But not yet.
“What—” Tony’s brain is still rebooting, recovering from the concussion and now trying to parse what he thinks his eyes just saw. “Why are you sorry?”
“So Tony doesn’t…?”
, and you were in the middle of listening to and watching Tony watch the
, and Tony knows without having to ask JARVIS that the focus of the attack was on Steve and Sam, whose location was just broadcast to the entire world.
brain knows simply as
, abandons his grip on Steve’s waist in favor of—he doesn’t even know what his hands are doing, scratching Steve’s thighs, tearing the sheets, pulling on his own hair, because
Even in the HUD display, Steve is the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
“Har-har-har,” Tony deadpans. “Keep that up, though, and I might pass out on you.”
“I may be reckless, but I’m not stupid.”
. If Steve brushes a finger over the empty space where a ring should be before he lets go, that’s for him to toss and turn over later.
. Has him in every way he’s ever wanted him, and they’ve barely just begun. And Steve doesn’t just want Tony—he wants others to know he
the muscles quivering where Steve presses his lips, pressing hard before humming deep and low in his chest, a resonant sound that vibrates through Tony and makes him gasp and buck against Steve’s mouth with a choked
As much as Steve’s lingering touch thrills him to the core (
If he dreams tonight, it’ll be a miracle. “Sleep tight.”
until he has to actively remind himself to breathe.
Tony wails into the goose down, fingers clenching the edge of the mattress, his whole body
Steve lights up brighter than the sun.
“We’ll test that theory another time,” Steve husks before leaning forward to press a kiss to each eyelid. Tony hums happily, sinking further into Steve’s arms. “Can I carry you to bed?”
“Very good, Captain.” At Pierce’s nod, Steve straightens, looks back with a knowing smirk, and nods in return. Rumlow would have already updated him about Steve’s words in the elevator; now the rest of it—rescuing Bucky, infiltrating SHIELD, destroying HYDRA and Pierce with it—is up to Steve.
,” Tony replies with a saccharine smile that makes Steve blanch.
“D’you think Nat and Clint placed bets on whether or not one of us would cancel?” Steve asks. Tony laughs outright. Not for the first time, Steve watches Tony break out into a smile and wonders if the heat he feels is a blush or the fact that looking at Tony when he’s grinning like that is like looking at the sun—bright and dangerous and so unbelievably
Dan chuckles under his breath.
“Tony,
Before he can pull away and apologize (again) for his behavior, Steve feels more than hears Tony sigh against his lips. Then Tony tilts his head a fraction and suddenly
“God, Tony, you look…” Steve’s words drop off. Tony isn’t so far gone that he can’t peek over his shoulder at him and raise a questioning eyebrow. Steve is flushed, pink and ruddy all the way down to his nipples, which are tight and the same pretty-pink as the tip of his cock standing up proudly against his abs. His hands come down to knead and massage Tony’s ass; he digs his thumbs in between them and pulls, spreading his cheeks so Steve can look his fill. Tony can feel how wet he is, dripping with lube and Steve’s come. He must look a mess. But based on Steve’s poleaxed expression, that’s not what Steve thinks. “Gorgeous,” he husks, looking Tony in the eye when he says it. Tony can’t
“Yes, holy shit, Steve, you are rocking my
Tony opens his eyes to a radiant world full of Steve, who holds his gaze.
After the funeral, Bruce sends him back with the stones. Clipping branches takes time, but it’s hardly tedious: First he returns to Morag, walks past Quill’s prone, snoring figure, and returns the Power stone to its place in the timeline.
Tony is insatiable when it comes to debauching Steve, he’s learned—quite thoroughly—over the past few days. Not that he minds, because he’s not exactly keeping his hands to himself right now, either. They’re pretty evenly matched in that department. But he’s
“This
It’s enough to crush something in Tony that feels remarkably like one last ember of hope, the bitterly selfish hope that Steve was as wrecked by the breakup as Tony.
Steve struggles harder, gritting his teeth against the pressure cutting off his air supply. Piledriver holds the bomb out to his side, cackling again—that manic laugh always unsettles something in Tony. All he has to do is drop the bomb on its tail to hit the pressurized switch and in seconds, they’re all goners. The only good news is that the blast radius itself isn’t significant: if he can get Steve and Sam far enough out of the way, that should be enough to save them.
“So the picture—”
“Is there anything else you require?”
A moment’s hysteria brings Natasha’s other words to mind:
“What’s done is done,” Schmidt says, sadder than Steve ever heard him in life. Turning around, Steve looks at the cloaked figure floating, weightless, a few inches above the ground. He doesn’t feel pity, per se, but there’s a misery to Schmidt’s expression that looks deeply carved. Earned.
The bomb drops. In the spare second he has to react, Tony grabs Piledriver and hurls him across the room, mostly out of harm’s way, then launches himself on the bomb just as it hits the floor.
“And between you and me, there’s a lot of missed opportunities we need to make up for.”
Where did these prosthetics come from?
he’d said softly, urgently but without force, waiting until Tony looked him in the eye to say what he’d been holding back for years and even then it was only the tip of the tip of the iceberg:
“What do you want, Piledriver?” God, seriously, the
“Sir?” JARVIS’s smooth voice appears in his nondescript earpiece like clockwork.
“I’ll buy you a new one,” Steve replies, gaze never straying from Tony’s mouth. “I wasn’t about to stop kissing you,” he husks, and then he’s proving his point, laving Tony’s bottom lip with the flat of his tongue before slipping it between his teeth and pulling Tony in for a kiss that makes him keen, helpless against Steve’s sweet, perfect mouth, those slow, soft passes of Steve’s lips against his, so lulling and so good it makes Tony want to cry, because this really is everything he’s ever wanted. Steve in his arms, in his bed, taking up space in his life the way he’s been taking up space in his heart for years.
“I’ve got you, it’s okay.”
“Tony!” Steve rasps, holding onto the suit like a lifeline.
Steve, however, looks puzzled. “You told him to take care of me.”
“Anything happen while I was gone?”
When Tony pushes his fingers up into Steve’s hair, scratching lightly at the nape of his neck, Steve drops his arms around Tony’s waist and pulls him in close with a soft groan. He’s warm and messy and still holding that damn screwdriver, but he kisses Steve soft and eager like it’s the only thing he wants to do for the rest of his life, folds himself into Steve’s embrace like he wants to build a home right there in his arms.
kiss in the bedroom while Steve slowly undoes his tie and the buttons of his dress shirt.
, Tony, yes, shit—just like that,” he babbles, staring deep into Tony’s eyes as he dips his cock in and out of him, drinking in the sight of what must be Tony’s flushed, fucked-out expression with a soft, heartbreakingly earnest smile, like Tony really
“‘Rabble-rousers’?” Steve quirks an eyebrow at him as he sits back down. Tony folds his arms over his chest and shushes him.
In another scenario, Steve skips the question entirely because he already knows, the perceptive bastard, he
and smiling
is the work of art in this scenario. He stays perfectly still as Steve works his way into Tony’s willing body, slow and inching, stretching Tony to fit around him with all the patience of a fucking saint. Tony groans, clutching the sheets with his free hand; he’s half out of his mind already and Steve isn’t even halfway in, so big and overwhelming with his impossibly thick cock pressing against his walls. It shouldn’t be so difficult, after Steve worked so hard to open him up, tongue and fingers, but he’s just that
“Not yet,” Steve growls, but it doesn’t sound like it’s for Tony. More like Steve is talking to himself. And then Steve’s hand is in his hair, the other on his ass, and he’s taking Tony fast and hard, fucking up into him as he kisses Tony hard, slipping him tongue just to give him something to hold onto while Steve fucks him into another plane of consciousness entirely. Tony is powerless like this, speared on Steve’s hot, throbbing cock, being moved up and down by Steve’s hand on his ass, being held in place by Steve’s mouth, the hand on the back of his head; he hangs there and takes it, takes him, bounces helplessly on Steve’s dick and sucks on Steve’s tongue in lieu of his neck, which is now mottled with deep, purple bruises and livid red bite marks that will fade before the sun rises on another day.
to make a tear spring from Tony’s eye, the traitor, but there, he’s watching it roll off the tip of his nose and land right smack dab on the top of Steve’s infuriatingly perfect left foot. Even in the low light of the kitchen, it glitters noticeably against Steve’s pale skin as it rolls off the slope and onto the floor.
against him, so much so that Tony can feel the absolute monster filling out the front of Steve’s pants even as Steve dips his head down to press a searing kiss against a deceptively soft spot under Tony’s ear that Tony refuses to admit makes him weak in the knees.
for Steve—Tony can’t even
, big and sturdy and so fucking strong, hard up against him and exerting just enough force through the hand now plastered on Tony’s ass to keep their hips joined as they move together. Steve uses his whole body to kiss, rocking them every time he darts the tip of his tongue fleetingly across Tony’s lower lip so Tony gasps, adjusting Tony into new positions with little nudges of his dexterous fingers, and Tony is absolutely blissed the fuck out on how helpless he is in the face of Steve’s desire, riding the wave that is Steve’s thick thigh being nudged between his legs, the breath-stealing pressure of Steve’s lips, and the hot, wet curl of Steve’s tongue against his.
“Ah, oh,
When Steve wakes up Monday morning, the press conference is scheduled, his suit is pressed and ready for prime time, and Tony is nowhere to be found.
to lose the plot. Tony’s mind moves faster than Steve could ever hope to match, mentally or physically; he’s always one pace behind, catching up. It’s fine, though; he actually kind of
It takes Tony a moment to realize that Steve’s hands are still on him. Holding him, palms pressed flat and fingers fanned out on either side of Tony’s spine, low enough to suggest but high enough to maintain his innocence, if need be. The hold keeps their hips aligned and their chests apart, a gap of plausible deniability wedged firmly between their bodies.
“No, Tony. And to spare you the suspense, I think the cat’s out of the bag in terms of you and me.”
, would be willing to touch him there.
up at Steve.
Tony halts when he sees the three of them huddled together.
natural and easy doesn’t mean that seeing Steve Rogers in a tux and knowing he’s going to peel those gorgeous clothes off that stunning figure later isn’t a
, Rogers holds out his hand, palm to heaven. Steve’s stomach tightens painfully to remove the device from his hand, but he thinks of what’s waiting for him downstairs, and letting go has never been so easy. Rogers holds it like a bomb waiting to go off, wary and fearful, but excited, too.
Face to face now, it’s hard to ignore the familiar ache of want that shadows most of Steve’s interactions with Tony nowadays. Hair in sweaty spikes, purple under the eyes, blood crusted in a jagged line above his eyebrow, Tony somehow looks awful and gorgeous at the same time, and Steve wants, god, he
. Which is fair, because he is. With Tony.
“Nowhere else in the world I’d rather be, S—” Tony starts, his voice gone watery and catching on Steve’s name. Steve doesn’t let him finish—he stands up from the bench and kisses Tony deep and slow, giving as good as he got, and when Tony starts pulling him toward the bed by the front of his shirt, Steve follows without a second thought, heart safely in hand.
,” he groans, breath hitching in his throat with every pointed thrust of Steve’s hips. Steve presses a sinful kiss to his slack lips with a chuckle.
saintly fantasies involving that throat. He chalks the feeling of Tony leaning into his touch as exhaustion and keeps moving.
“I missed you,” Steve whispers, warm breath ghosting over Tony’s tingling lips. Before Tony can take in the blush he
. Steve, who’s carrying him from room to room like he’s already memorized the layout of the place as he kisses the breath out of Tony like
. The overwhelming stretch is still there, shifting his muscles into new places; he’ll feel it all tomorrow, for sure. But it’s so worth it for the way Steve breathes against him, chest heaving, the way he presses a worshipful kiss to Tony’s sweaty shoulder before rolling forward, lowering Tony onto the mattress and following him down, never leaving the hot clutch of Tony’s body as he settles in between his legs and folds his arms over Tony’s head. Like this, Tony can hold Steve, too, tight against his body, and revel in Steve’s warmth, the perfect heat that radiates from him like the purest sunlight. When Steve kisses him, it’s soft, slow and sweet, a taste of lips before Steve thrusts again, deep and thick and steady.
“Not at first,” Steve replies immediately, a fond smile spilling out of him when Tony looks up. “Not until I realized I was the only one being left out. Even then I wouldn’t call it ‘jealousy,’ more like...envy.” With the hand not on Tony’s waist, Steve makes slow and patient work of Tony’s fingers, just touching—feeling the battle scars and soldering scars and myriad other workshop scars Tony’s incurred over the years, then tripping upwards over his cuff to run up under his forearm, lean and firm, over his elbow, behind his shoulder; Steve holds him there and leverages himself closer, chest-to-chest with Tony, and wishes he could feel the arc reactor pressing against his sternum. But feeling Tony’s racing heartbeat, the nervous hitch in his exhales—he can live with that.
Nodding, Tony flexes his hands in Steve’s grip and folds one over just to pretend he can hold Steve’s hand. He can’t even
Speak of the devil.
started.” He gestures between them with a lazy finger, vaguely signifying
But tonight is Steve’s pick for movie, and Tony wonders if it was planned that way the moment Luke Cage asks what they’re going to watch and Steve gets that glint in his eye. The one that Tony can recognize from a mile away now without even trying, the one that
Tony quivers bodily and moans into the sheets, cotton and down absorbing his shocked cries of mindless pleasure as Steve fucks him, thrusting long and fast with that burning, throbbing cock against Tony’s trembling insides, talking all the while, saying things—impossible, ridiculous things—like how sweet Tony is like this, how
is nothing. There’s a scenario here, a variation of this exact moment in which hugging leads to kissing leads to
Not now, not ever again.
, and even Tony can tell Steve is pained by the change of address by the way his fingers clench around the towel in his hands. “You?”
: more skin, more contact, more
, too sluggish to form syllables and turn them into words. He’s a goddawful mess of tears and lube and come, so much come, and he can’t even
“Tony?”
our team
“I was a little distracted.”
,” Steve says. The furrow between his brows deepens. “Exhausting yourself isn’t good for your health, and we need you healthy and rested for what’s ahead of us.”
“I should have realized you’d be all about equal treatment,” he jokes, but it comes out flat; he’s grasping for words to fill in for the ones he doesn’t want to say. Because Tony has his sore spots. He’s been so badly hurt, by so many people; evasion is just one of the many weapons in his bristling arsenal.
“Doctor says you can come home in the morning,” he says in a low voice. The lights are dim, Tony notices, and the blinds are shut. There are more ice chips on the table next to the bed, which Steve hands to him without prompting.
than overwhelm you and ruin our friendship.”
“I sure did,” Steve responds, a self-satisfied husk in Tony’s ear
“I missed you too,” Steve says. Tony blinks but still can’t really see straight. Those bricks really packed a wallop. “Rest, Tony. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Do you want to sit down?” Steve asks. Tony shakes his head against his palm. “Okay,” Steve whispers, his voice the only one in the room, which makes for a funny kind of one-sided conversation. Then, before he can think better of it, Tony turns toward Steve, wraps his arms around the man’s impossible waist, and hugs himself close to Steve’s radiating heat. He’s too gone for shame, and too weak; a soft, gentle Steve is hard to resist, even on good days. And this just became a no good, very bad day.
“I could do this for hours and you’d love it, wouldn’t you, Tony?” he says, and Tony’s eyes fly open when Steve follows that up with a long, slow graze of his fingertips against Tony’s sweet spot, deep inside. To Tony’s bewilderment, he feels his cock stir, motivated by Steve’s patient and decidedly
the shovel talk?”
“What’s that face?” Tony asks, curious but still smiling. He pokes Steve in the middle of the forehead with a cheeky grin. “Keep frowning like that, your face’ll stick.”
“Thanks,” he says, scraping the word like so much sand off his tongue. “No need to stay up any longer for my sake. I’m just gonna polish off my ill-gotten dinner and head to bed.” Tony picks up his fork and pokes around inside the carton of fried rice but doesn’t dish any of it into his mouth. Just thinking about Steve and all the ways he can’t have him, plus the shit that happened earlier tonight, and his appetite is all but gone.
Just imagining Steve’s reaction to that is enough to make Tony’s still-empty stomach flip unhappily.
“I want you to look at me, Tony. Keep looking at me. I want to watch you when, when I come, oh,
a date.
The conversation devolves quickly from there, and within a couple of excitable minutes, the airmen are eager to get a look at the Avengers’ game room. They pile into the elevator, talking animatedly over each others’ heads, placing bets and picking teams as the doors close.
, Steve had called him all those years ago, and yet as he watched Tony bend himself over Bucky’s arm for hours, fiddling and tinkering and fixing and keeping up a one-sided conversation until Bucky decided it was safe to join in—or rather that Tony wasn’t about to spring some murderous trap on him—Steve realized Tony really was, at the end of the day, a civilian who woke up and chose to do as many good things as possible for the world, even at risk or cost—financial, physical, or otherwise—to himself.
God, he loves this man. Loves him so much it pushes out anything that isn’t this effervescent feeling, like flying but
Let her talk, then. That look, this man, belongs to
But he was a coward, and now he’s watching footage of Sam on a date with Steve play on a loop while vapid, boneheaded commentators speculate about their relationship.
know Tony can’t get it up again. Tony’s hands fly out, grabbing wildly at Steve’s ass, his thigh, the back of his head, his thick, muscled forearm, as he sobs under Steve’s relentless assault, realizing with a plaintive yell that Steve is zoning in on that spot because every time he does Tony’s ass clenches around him, flutters and squeezes, full of Steve’s come, and how that must
“Have you picked out a room yet?”
“Not yet,” Steve demurs. He even has the decency to look
“I’m just saying,” Steve giggles, leaning forward to press a too-sweet kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth, “if you’d believed me when I said it the first time, we could have done this a week ago.”
Sam laughs, clapping the sitting man on the shoulder. “Dude, if Tony told us you were here, I would have come downstairs and bugged you, myself.”
Tony winces. “Harder than it looks.” Steve laughs, so, mission accomplished there, but he won’t let go of Tony’s hand. If anything, Steve just draws closer, brushing his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand like a metronome.
in the early days, and their friendship seemed more like a minor miracle than a natural result of time and proximity and genuinely liking each other as people. But after Steve put those helicarriers in the Potomac, when Tony found him on the shore and bridal carried him to the nearest hospital (Tony gleefully showed him the pictures and cell phone videos later)—when the hard and ugly truth of Tony’s parents’ deaths spilled out and left them both hurting and vulnerable and raw—things changed.
. But that’s okay, because Steve can move him, just like he is now, never pausing in his thrusts as he turns them sideways in tandem to lie back-to-front across the bed, spooning Tony into the gargantuan curve of his body with one arm down around Tony’s belly and the other high across his chest, right above the reactor. Like this, Tony can feel
That is, it does, up until the moment he feels Steve brush a kiss against where Tony’s hairline meets his forehead, soft and uncomplicated, but lingering, like Steve wants to stay there. To do
Out of the corner of his eye he sees Steve lean a hip against the edge of the island. It must be painful, having hard marble jammed up against bone like that, but then Steve’s a supersoldier—it probably doesn’t register as anything more than a firm, vaguely uncomfortable press to him. Tony tries to keep his mind on that train of thought and not on the way Steve’s threadbare T-shirt has ridden up a little to expose a narrow V of perfect skin.
What the team isn’t expecting when the elevator doors open onto the communal floor that sunny Tuesday afternoon is a living room scattered with men and women in various states of modest undress, all of whom immediately pivot in place to take stock of the new arrivals. Three men, one woman, and in the middle of their protective circle is Tony, eyes blazing with the same thrill of invention he often gets in the lab, a pair of needle-nose pliers clenched in his teeth.
. And sure enough, Tony is looking at him like regret is the last thing he wants to be feeling, and yet…: “You coming in here, looking and talking like that...I’m not gonna lie, I’ve had a lot of wet dreams that started like this. Problem being, I always wake up from them alone, and if that happens for real this time, I don’t know how well I’ll be able to handle it. Not without putting a lot of distance between us, literally
“Feels so good,” he whines. “
Tony is distantly aware of his mouth hanging open, but he’s too caught up in how awful he feels seeing that smile on Steve’s face to respond. He shouldn’t be
Then, a crackle in Tony’s ear: “Sir—”
if there ever was one. Steve bats his eyelashes in response, because of course he does. Unfortunately for Steve, Tony is mostly immune to that tactic by now.
“Aye aye, Cap’n,” he whispers, laughing wetly against Steve’s shoulder before pulling away from the indulgence of Steve’s embrace. Tony even manages a fraction of a real smile as he wipes his eyes with the back of his hand, breathing through the residual tremors until he’s mostly settled in his own skin again.
“What? Did I get some on my face?” he asks, retrieving his napkin and wiping his mouth with it. Tony makes a rough, strangled sound in the back of his throat and, when drowning it with wine doesn’t help, puts his fork all the way down on the table and buries his face in his hands.
“I meant to ask,” Steve says, sweeping Tony’s hair back from his forehead with an affectionate smile (and how,
For six months, nobody knew that Tony Stark and Steve Rogers were dating.
His fiancé.
That would be enough to make Tony mewl with want, seeing how badly Steve wants him. But then Steve starts
. “Oh. No?”
The burning light at the center of Tony Stark is so blue, a glowing circle shining out from behind that silly threadbare band t-shirt like a beacon in the night, guiding Steve home. How is no one else marveling at this? At Tony Stark, alive?
—is enough to make Tony lightheaded.
This? This part’s easy.
Wordless, Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s middle. He knows he’s staring at Tony’s lips like a man dying of thirst stares at a lake, but he can’t find it in himself to care, not when Tony’s looking back at him just as desperately, and especially not when Tony’s closing his eyes and slotting those lips against Steve’s.
Something hits the projector hard enough to not only knock it off the table it was sitting on, but send both hurtling across the room. They smash to pieces against the far wall with a noisy clatter that almost stops Tony’s heart in his chest.
At first, Steve thought he had to learn how to toe the line of Tony’s ego. Every conversation would devolve into shouting the moment Steve brought up Howard or the suit or Tony’s past. Steve’s learned a lot since those early days, like how it’s really about learning Tony’s sore spots—the hurt, vulnerable places of him that he keeps so carefully hidden—and knowing when not to push them, if at all.
you make,” he rumbles into Tony’s mouth. If he is making noises, Tony’s too busy having a nuclear brain meltdown to notice, let alone care. Steve kisses the same way he plans an attack: deliberately, precisely, patiently; he knows when to grab Tony by the back of the neck and hold him there and when to let him go, when to rasp his tongue hot and heavy against Tony’s and when to give him the long, steady pressure of both lips against his until they’re both gasping for air.
“You must be exhausted.”
It’s like Steve knows where to find and how to switch on every last one of Tony’s spots to get him buzzing like a live wire. “
Steve knows his eyes are wet. His hair is a mess and he’s still grieving
is there, Steve buries his face against Tony’s neck and hugs him closer still. “God, I missed you so much.”
“Grab lube!” comes Steve’s voice from the bathroom, muffled slightly like he’s chewing on something. Lucky for Steve, Tony’s legs still work; he moves up onto his knees and reaches across to the bedside table, tugging open a drawer and rifling around for the bottle of lube he knows is in there. (Hedonism, thy name is Tony Stark.)
Steve looks at him then, and Tony is thrust back to that night in the kitchen, the moment when Steve looked Tony in the eye and just…
“Room for one more?” he asks, even as he’s maneuvering his bulk into the mirrored box. Tony, feeling clammy all of a sudden, hasn’t even had a chance to hit the button for the workshop floor.
lucky. He feels like he’s gotten the heady hint of a taste of what he wants most and can never have and come tomorrow he’ll go back to the way things were, keeping Tony at arm’s length when he wants to hold him close. The Picture™ is seared in his memory, as is the moment itself: Tony, kneeling. Their hands clasping, holding. Tony’s smile. The smile Steve only ever sees directed at him.
Tony knows if he repeats that over and over, he’ll eventually be able to live with it. Mostly. He holds Steve close because he can, squeezing for one more beat and nodding, his three o’ clock shadow scratching the other man’s cheek.
Steve surges up to meet Tony’s next kiss, and the next, and when Steve opens his eyes Tony’s there, smiling down at him.
. “Listen to you, moaning my name. Think we should open a window, let the whole city hear you?” he says, using all that beautiful strength to push Tony back enough to get some leverage into his thrusts, really take advantage of his length and thrust into Tony long and hard and faster, faster, until Tony is moaning with every stroke like he’s dying, the only sound louder than the lewd
“Stay,” Steve says, lips tingling. Tony, smiling, smooths Steve’s hair back from his face. His mouth is a gorgeous, kiss-bruised shade of pink that makes Steve’s cock pulse and his heart pound for
Immediately Steve wishes he could stuff the words back in his mouth. Stupid.
“Send a note to Pepper to look into this charity tomorrow—my gut tells me someone on the board is skimming off the top. If they are, I’d like us to do something about it.
“Are you?”
“That’s right, baby. And I’m gonna give it to you,” Steve promises, looking at him with those big, pupil-black eyes when he says it, and then he pulls back just enough to thrust forward and drive the point home.
the one being kissed. Thoughts of anything alla vodka fly out of his head in a rush as Tony licks the closed seam of his lips and tongues him deep and slow when they open. Steve’s fingers are still grasping the front of the Tony’s shirt; he knows he should release him and stop this while things are still relatively PG. Instead Tony nibbles on his bottom lip and Steve releases that lewd moan he’d held back a few minutes ago right into Tony’s mouth.
nerve, here. Throwing his arms out wide he continues, “What do you think
It kind of screams
“Good afternoon, Captain,” Vision intones, looking up as Steve walks past. Steve’s tried over and over to get him to use his name, but just as he insists on calling Tony “Mr. Stark,” Vision only ever calls Steve by his title.
), Tony tries not to read into it, because that way madness lies and he’s already more than halfway gone as it is.
God, he missed Steve’s laugh, especially his
“Bruce is fine,” he says. The
Steve’s fingers hover over the phone screen, deliberating in his head how to respond to Nat’s text. The way she’s written it is different from her previous attempts at matchmaking. No
“Oh, God,” Tony moans, distantly aware of himself like he’s left his body out of pure overwhelm. Steve is pressed against him, hot and long and so fucking thick, Tony has to put his hands on him to believe it. He takes Steve’s moan into his mouth with a smile of his own when his fingers wrap around Steve’s cock, and fuck, they barely meet, he’s so thick, all the way around, hot and slick with precome, enough to smooth the way when Tony decides to push down, down, all the way to the root, knuckles brushing the golden thatch of Steve’s pubic hair before he pulls back up. Steve pants against Tony’s mouth, ragged little noises of want leaking out of his beautiful, unblemished throat, his eyes burning through Tony’s as he works Steve’s cock with both hands, arching up into every push and down into every pull, his ass brushing Steve’s thighs on every twisting pass of his palm over Steve’s weeping slit.
just how deep Steve’s voice can go, how low and dark and promising. “You like my fingers inside you, filling you up?”
“Falcon!” Tony shouts. Sam appears from behind the corner. “Go long, and take care of him.”
Steve laughs outright, hard enough the sound bounces off the walls of the gym. “Sure.”
He’s still staring at Tony’s heart when Tony bends down to brush his lips against Steve’s cheek. The scratch of beard and mustache makes the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stand vividly on end; if he had a brain cell to spare he could probably count them. As it is, he’s dumbstruck by the feeling of Tony’s lips against his cheek,
is trending worldwide by the time they get back to the tower.
“Steve, this is Staff Sergeant Daniel Kwon,” Bruce offers. The sergeant smirks and extends a hand—the eyes in his sockets look incredibly lifelike, but don’t move even a fraction of a millimeter. They gleam, still, with an uncanny sense of
Steve’s laughter is precious and right now Tony hates him a little bit for it. But between the endorphin rush and the whole
“Where have you been hiding those hands of yours all this time, Winghead?”
“I had him!” Sam shouts, even as relief washes over his strained features. Iron Man shrugs, hovering a few inches above concrete.
beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. Let me watch you. Let me
The tux he chose for the occasion is simple, classic, no-fuss, but the tie is custom: a gift from Steve he’s never worn before tonight. He’s looked at it hundreds of times, hanging among the countless many in his closet, but it was too special to wear out for just any event—rich, red silk spotted with tiny gold Iron Man faceplates, each with eyes embroidered a bright, burning blue. He
? It keeps me awake at night, and not in the fun way.
He’d groused at Steve for ruining his helmet and removed it entirely before moving up onto one knee, a wobbly facsimile of Iron Man’s characteristic three-point landing. Steve had moved in front of him to help him to his feet. The Avengers were busy taking down the last of the Doom Bots and paid their leaders no mind once Steve assured them over the comms that Tony was okay; they didn’t see the moment Tony, one knee still on the ground, put his hand in Steve’s and looked up at him like
to imagine.
leads to enthusiastic, mind-blowing sex, but Steve doesn’t care
“From here on out, then?” he replies hesitantly. Steve’s grin is all the answer he needs. Tony steals a kiss off that smile because he’s allowed to test these new waters, damn it. They’ve wasted enough time as it is. He slips off Steve’s leg with a grunt. “Okay, gross,” he mutters, shifting awkwardly in his damp jeans. Steve laughs.
blind, Captain,” he says, voice low but good-humored. Next to him, Natasha smothers a smile behind her hand.
“I didn’t come alone, though,” he replies earnestly. There’s also the distinct tone of a man insulted, like Steve resents the idea of people thinking his coming here with Tony is anything less than a date.
Tony sets the clean fork back down on the counter. “…an arrangement with JARVIS,” Steve finishes, which isn’t what Tony was hoping he would say there, but it’s also not a variation on the theme of
Duncan, to his credit, says nothing as he fills Tony’s water glass. But Steve doesn’t miss the warning look the waiter shoots him as Tony tips his head back for a drink, or the way Tony’s face goes slightly pale as he sets the glass back down on the table, chastised.
It’s not. That’s the point. Nor is it the point that he’s been nursing a crush on a certain someone on the team for the past year, a man so far out of his league it makes Steve’s head spin. That’s just background noise, at this point, an asterisk at the end of a sentence:
The elevator lifts them smoothly up, smooth as the suit in flight, the subtle Gs making Tony’s stomach swoop. The only reason he notices time passing is because of the floor numbers flashing on the screen behind Steve’s head.
asleep—”
His laughter comes out in a sharp burst, anxiety soothed away by Steve’s presence and the delightfulness of his wicked, whip-smart sense of humor. Tony muffles his giggles against the man’s shoulder as they turn and start walking down the stairs. Steve keeps him steady all the while, never allowing him to fall out of step, never letting his grip falter. Balanced. Safe. Secure.
him grinning. Is that even possible? Should they have discussed this first? And why the hell is his first instinct to go out there and blow Steve on the balcony right this second? Just the thought gives him tunnel vision (and a semi).
