for anything is like pulling dinosaur teeth." Sherlock is flushing, redder and redder: crimson, scarlet. "When it comes to—to
and.             is.      furledup      ,          coming(light)into through               cotton, warmheavysharp skin
. All the while he had felt impossibly sympathetic and fond; trying, rather painfully, to remain steadfast, to not laugh: nothing but silence before this morning but at a quarter to midnight last night, there still hadn't been any record of that. John had been lying in bed with all the lights off wanting Sherlock with corners of him he'd thought long abandoned while
"Don't want a fuck against the fridge, then," Sherlock says. A joke, John thinks: but the smile alongside it is stillborn, slipping down over his teeth. John's fingers splay; slide. Sherlock's ugly green shirt coming untucked. John's bare hands bare on his bare hot sides.
After a moment, John reaches down for his sandwich. Pulls it out of the box to pick at it, a bit. It's gone soggy in the middle, and dry about the edges. He doesn't know why he bothers.
Sherlock frowns. Fat bottom lip: absurd; honestly, sometimes John could just—as huffily Sherlock says, "But I don't lie about anything
, sometimes John wants to punch him right in that taut, flat, pink mouth. "I wouldn't've followed you, if you'd told me not to," John says, very low, "but you didn't. You didn't tell me anything"; and Sherlock's mouth bunches up for an instant: prissy, displeased; then—then it pulls, down and out, as his eyes are shifting—reshaping where they are fixed on John's face—John's chin—John's throat and John's chest and, and, and—
"That's something you're going to have to tell me," he says, and John can't say anything. Sitting trapped and frozen, face hot, unable to quite look George in the eye.
"The things you find to entertain yourself." Sherlock turns towards him, a bit, but doesn't lift his head.
. He is thinking about the fact that his door is wide open, that it's Thursday evening; he is thinking about the fact that in the grand scheme of "sizable intervals during which John Watson has not had sex" five days doesn't even make the rankings, but it feels like a sodding
"Want to get that for me?" John asks, petting, petting, and Sherlock grunts, wriggles his left arm out from under his bent-up knee, fumbling—while desperate and starving John kneels up against him with his pajama bottoms sliding down, feeling like the universe might implode and he wouldn't notice, if he could just—just
"Ages ago," he says, "when I was still at uni": his low tumbled-rock voice. "Or," Sherlock says, "did you mean, more recently."
: wanting, somewhere not-so-deep-down and poorly hidden, for Sherlock to smack his arse while he talked him off with his casually posh accent and that conjured-on-demand air of arctic intellectual disdain; and whatever Sherlock says, his
"I didn't notice, did we have any milk left?" Sherlock asks, coming back up behind him while John digs around in the wreck of the bed for his vest. "I didn't use all the lemons, could make pancakes. Leave it, it'll turn up later, you're not having breakfast with the queen."
John presses their foreheads together: blurring in shadow between them Sherlock's green smudgy eyes, out of focus: their pulse echoes one-two-one-two conducting between them; John presses their noses together. Their mouths.
Salt. Hot. A wisp of thought and then gone; and on the table Sherlock's long white hands, folded in fists.
"No, just." John sighs, works himself up to sitting. "Long day. Too many patients, too many charts, too much Natalie trying to set me up with some actress friend of hers—why are you standing there? Since when do you not just barge on in?"
, I find it distracting, it's not like wanking furiously on my own would somehow magically not take any time, and it's not like
"Take a shower with me," says Sherlock, fast; and then flushes up all over, a clear and lovely fuschia-red.
stop just stop just let he oughn't while on his knees with his face shoved into John's mattress Sherlock (
"Yeah," Sherlock says; and then breathes—breathes: too loud. "I don't—I've never liked it," he says, "I always—I think, I think about it, I w-want it so badly, but then—"; and heavy-throated against him John nods.
John can breathe: he breathes. He can sink: he sinks. All this time. Sherlock still taut and trembling beneath him with John's come cooling all over the both of them while aching John kisses his sweat-slick forehead. Hot temple. His burning soft cheek. All this time. So long and lovely folded up beneath-against around him:
. "Sherlock, I want—" John says; said, is saying: he kisses him again half to shut himself up, it isn't—like that, they're not—but—but Sherlock whispers, "John": and—oh. John takes a breath. Another; while
"You like it." Sherlock's fingers caressing the sides of John's fingers and his short scratchy damp hair and his tender hidden skin.
. Then he remembers Rebecca standing by his wardrobe in practical black cotton knickers and woolly blue socks, wrapping a plain grey-cotton thing around herself with the cups in the back, doing up all the hooks under her sternum, before she'd given the thing an unceremonious yank around her torso and jerked the straps up over her shoulders, bending forward for the cups to catch her soft pale dark-freckled heavy breasts. He slides the straps off his shoulders, and turns the bloody thing around. It is, at first, worse: he can watch his own incompetence like this, his utter failure at first to fasten the same row of hooks to the same row of eyes; and turning it back around he just about rips his arm out of the socket, twice; but at least he gets it on. Straightens up. He settles the straps into the dips of his shoulders, then unfolds, carefully, the caught folded-under lace at the top edge on the right.
Sherlock doesn't get in until rather late on Tuesday, then stalks around the living room gesticulating wildly and complaining about a pair of teenagers on the train while John sits on the end of the sofa with his laptop pushed aside and his feet up propped up on the coffee table, like a man who hadn't had his hand down his pajama bottoms just before Sherlock'd come blustering in. John can't often trace the labyrinthine course of Sherlock's thought processes but it's perfectly obvious when Sherlock realizes: he stops, stops talking ("—as though she simply couldn't
Awkward, to carry this kind of dread; when knowing what will be coming can't lead to knowing what one ought to say, whether he ought to—lie, or—dodge, or just—just swallow the hard-fearful lump in his throat of loss and shame and regret and say, "Yeah." And say, "Nat."
, sometimes; being so—so open to him, but it's still the most comfortable, in some ways, that John's ever been. It'd been anything
—to try and get his hand around it while Sherlock rocks the toy inside him: incessant, relentless. John shudders, squirming, and then finally gets his fingers around the bottle, shoving it down towards Sherlock while slowly, gently, Sherlock eases John's ankles up onto his shoulders. John wipes at his face. He's dripping all over everything, he'd leaked precome all over the pillow and his thighs are prickling up as they dry but he's drenched in sweat and his arse still feels so wet he isn't certain that Sherlock really needs it, but Sherlock is still slicking up his hands. Pulling John's arsecheeks apart to stare at him, red-faced, licking his pink mouth wet again as he rubs his fingertips against him, coaxing: John opens, wants to open, wants to be so open for him—
John brushes his palm over Sherlock's hair, then drops his hand. Lets him stand, red-faced, and lumber off for the shower; and saves the rest of it for later.
John swallows. Swallows. Tucks his knee in between Sherlock's bare knees with his blood pumping hot everywhere all over: "You wanted it like this?"
He settles down on the left side of his stomach, blinking at the wall and the shadows and the box standing open beside the laptop atop Sherlock's chest of drawers: John's shoulders are prickling before Sherlock even really touches him, a kiss high up on his spine with his palm resting low on John's back. Sherlock's mirror is somewhere behind or to the left of them, watching. Sherlock is petting over his buttocks, gentle—slow—
John rubs. Up, down; up, down. Soft. "Do you want something to hold up your stockings?" he asks, finally, then looks up at Sherlock's lovely peculiar pink face. John says, "It's all right if you don't."
"Yeah," John says. "I'll get back in your bed and I'll come all over your sheets and I'll even leave them for you to wash, after."
"Well, it's not a real thriller if it doesn't leave you crushed with existential dread," she says; and he laughs, warm and pleased. It's—an obscurely delightful image, somehow: Marianne with her hipster glasses and teacherly chunky-knit cardigans, bashing out overwrought spy novels in her sun-flooded little flat, still using that lumpy brown-and-purple hand-made mug, the one with
Except that brushing against John's mouth Sherlock's knuckles had felt knobby and ungainly and ungentle; and exhausted from a day he barely remembers John is sitting and staring at a purple eyeliner as he boils, quietly, over. Something not unlike dread is closing itself snake-slow around the root of his throat: John had said,
"I, I helped him set the smoke bomb," he says, unsteady—the smoke bomb was Year Eleven, wasn't it? "in—in the staff room," Sherlock'd told him but John'd been drinking and the lights'd been low and he would've, if he hadn't been—he would've helped him set smoke bombs wherever he wanted, he would've— and Holmes slaps the cane down again, hard.
John is swallowing, swallowing. Sherlock, panting, presses his face over and over to John's head and the back of John's shoulders; and then he whispers, "I want you curled up with me and a liter of lube, I want to be inside you for hours," with his hands, his sodding hands still shaking on the edge of the worktop, barely—barely touching him; and John swallows, rough and lonely, and says, at last, "All right."
, moaning long and low and taut, shivering all over, nothing left inside him that could possibly spill out. Pressed everywhere behind him Sherlock is panting, pushing his fingers into John's mouth; his big body pinning John's body down to the bed, and "Oh," John gasps, "
A blare; he jumps: the timer, on Sherlock's mobile, set on the draining board just behind John's back. Sherlock reaches past John to slide it off with one long finger, then touches John's shoulder, then turns off the hob and the oven, taking the colander from John's loose hand without looking to dump the parsley into the bowl so he can reuse the colander for the lentils. A symphony. A dance. John takes a step back, to give him room: Sherlock rinses the lentils in cold water. Takes a sheet pan from the oven. "We'll need plates," John says, finally; and turns to lay the table.
Cheek. Spine. John touches, counting: one-two-three; while Sherlock breathes warm on his shoulder and neck. Sunlight streaming in over John's back and shoulders: gone while they were screwing from a mist to a flood. Sherlock's skin nearly glows with it. Golden. Lit up from inside. It brings out the red in his hair, John notes. His throat feels strange.
Across from him. Between them—space. Sherlock turns back towards the kettle, fussing: there's nothing for him to do. "You didn't hurt me," Sherlock repeats, then hesitates. Inhales, very slow. "But it wasn't—good, for me." His long white hands touching, touching: the handle of the kettle. Their cups.
. Inside. John swallows, hard. A drum-strike; a concussion: dark head bowed pale lashes trembling, and John wants—but. But. Sherlock is easing the stocking from his long fingers, the band settling onto John's thigh, and John's knee shifts. Opening, out. The band has some sort of gummy grip on the inside: it pinches at his skin. Pulls at the hair. Sherlock plucks at a suspender; hesitates, briefly; then slowly slides the button up and out and then pulls the stocking up to meet it, sliding the button back in down-closed-tight; and then he looks up at John's face.
: to pull at the little metal ring at the base of his balls, hand on John's wrist and the other on metal and leather: barely—barely touching himself while John plasters his whole body to Sherlock's body and his mouth to his neck with his erection rubbing against Sherlock's little round arse and hand fisted around the slack in the chain, whispering, "And then, and then what'd I do?" as Sherlock gasps, "Just—just slide in naked next to me and, and—and touch me, until—until—"
, triumphant: as all the doors in his chest unlock so that at last John can duck his head down and repeat, "You wanted to see me, sir," more quietly, looking up through his eyelashes at Sherlock's long hands, his borrowed spectacles, his pink cheeks. John's borrowed skin is settling into his body, feeling strange and off-balance and
; but twenty minutes of Bordeaux and idle chitchat has done more to make him feel like he knows her than half a year of occasionally bumping into her in Speedy's or down the pub or boarding the Tube; or even the fact that he and Sherlock'd gone in with the police, back when they'd searched Marianne's flat. She's watching him, he realizes. The corner of her mouth is curling up.
"My preferred strategy," Sherlock explains, "was to have," in between, "an ill-timed bout of the 'flu."
, Sherlock hissing-wincing half in sympathy half laughing at him while his left hand comes up to cradle the back of John's skull. John presses his mouth to Sherlock's mouth hard, hard, hard heart beating hard, hard, hard as though so hammered they would be—melded, fused together, lip to lip and tongue to tongue.
He's panting. Dripping all over. Pulls it out gasping, feeling hollow, emptied out; and stumbles to pull the chair away from the wall. Dead center of the room, facing—no. No. John turns the chair towards the door and shoves his wet silicone cock down onto the seat 'til it sticks and then gets down on his knees and gets his mouth around it. Wavering reflections in the lights in the window but John doesn't look, doesn't watch himself, doesn't want to, just wants to suck it down deep, deep, deep, thick and bitter-slick across his tongue fucking into his starving mouth deeper and deeper and deeper, until it makes his breathing stop. He pulls off eyes closed with his right hand around it and three fingers on the left up his arse and jerks it, panting; licks it like an ice lolly and pulls it back in, sucks it hard. Could suck—could suck so hard with three fingers up his arse could suck him until he tasted him, halfway to spilling across the back of his throat, could—could keep. Fucking.
And slow, so slow, while John's heart slowly slows: Sherlock's arms slot up around his middle. Tighten across his back.
"Ah, yes, 'the prime opportunity to dirty up your pretty face,' now I remember," says John, stepping back.
"Well," Holmes says, but it's slipping: he sounds—cautious, almost hesitant, when he says, "Fellatio in the chemistry labs is certainly frowned upon."
"You want me to touch you more?" John asks, and Sherlock gasps, "Yes—y-yes—" and John slides his left hand under the water and around Sherlock's hard cock, gives him four—five—seven long-shivery pulls while Sherlock moans into his mouth and licks at his teeth and presses his shaking hand against John's hot cheek while John whispers, "You want me to pull you open, to—to pull you apart? You want me to pull it out of you?" as broken Sherlock says "Yes—yes—
) were tracking down current aliases, meanwhile post to all stations and airports: he'd meant it, then, hadn't he. Hadn't he? He'd meant to go to see this woman, and he'd meant to take John along; but somewhere in the breath between that moment and the moment when Sherlock'd not-quite-slammed their front door he'd decided—to go alone, that's all. A lie: the sort that, for years, has made John angry: that's all, that's
John is still holding Sherlock's idiotically overpriced lube. The third strap of the harness is still slack, sliding down Sherlock's hips, and Sherlock's back ribs are lifting with deep, almost-silent breaths and John is kneeling on his bed. If he were alone he'd lie on his back but he isn't, so he doesn't, just flicks open the lube and gets his hand wet. Braces his weight on his right arm and reaches back: it's harder like this. His mouth suddenly sour beneath his tongue. Saliva leaking up. He gets himself wet—wet enough, he—he's open enough, he doesn't need—Sherlock turns back towards him, black silicone jutting out, face turned down, looking down as he tugs at the end of the waist strap. John sits back on his heels and curls his sticky hands on his thighs.
"Well, I try whenever possible to leave things involving fire to you," John says, "you do enjoy them so"; and Sherlock's mouth quirks: pleased, John sidles closer. "Come on," John murmurs, sliding his hand up across Sherlock's hip to his spine, "let me help"; and his throat surges hot with triumph when Sherlock leans down across his own arm to kiss him, fingers still loose around the lemon, half-dangling into the sink.
Pets. John swallows. Presses his face down to Sherlock's knee and then up again so he can lick. Lick and lick. With Sherlock's slow moving heavy hand on his hair.
"You should—you should do what you, whatever you want," Sherlock says, a little too fast; and then hunches the whole of himself together. Burrowing his body against John's body, as though he could push—in.
"Then—it's enough for my purposes to know that he was up here," he says. "If he couldn't get an alias right away, he'd just go antagonize another bomb squad."
"No, not—. I mean, he left this morning," John explains. "I've not had time for it to be too anything." He waves it off, and she shifts in her seat.
Pushing all his extremely well-minced garlic into a little heap, John nods, then sets the knife at the edge of the board and goes to peel off his gloves, wash his hands. He comes to a stop behind Sherlock, who is zesting the lemon. John puts his hand on Sherlock's spine, feeling his ribs rise-fall-rise as he breathes. Breathes. Breathes.
"All right," John says. "My—you know, therapist, because I—I am a bit—bonkers, still, you know that, right?"
"Because I do know that I look like a stork in fancy dress," Sherlock says, a little hotly; and John swallows, thick, and then tells him, "Turn around, yeah?"
"It isn't that I—that I don't want to work with Sherlock," John says, hesitant. "At least it was..." He sighs. "Better than buckets for hurricanes, I suppose." He refills his glass. Elbows hanging off the table, forearms digging in at the edge.
Sherlock pulls his hand back. "Didn't understand," he says, quiet; folds himself in half sliding down to kiss the side of John's slicked-up mouth: John puts one hand in Sherlock's hair and tugs.
, rolling over and about inside his head, as he walks to work. Above him the morning is a watery butter-yellow, heavy with haze. He'd spent two and a half hours throwing Sherlock into the carpet repeatedly before his knee finally gave up with a loud protesting
John ends up leaving it long enough that he starts to get a little bit irritated that Sherlock doesn't say anything, but he supposes that's unfair.
—" and so John rubs-rubs-rubs, careful slow hard but as carefully as he can while still pushing enough at the edges of him to make Sherlock's breath come faster and faster until Sherlock—arches—then shoves
"I love it too," John says, very quietly, and spreads his hand on Sherlock's chest. "I meant, do you need me to wait."
"No," Sherlock whispers; and John blink-blink-blink nodding nods and touches—cheek, and—chin, and says, "Is it—unfair of me," as his voice swoops and dives, "that I've only just started giving that much of any weight?" and loud and manic Sherlock laughs, saying, "Unfair hasn't stopped me any time in the past five years"; and wrench-ribs clenching John shakes his head shakes his head pressing face to face squeezing all of him against him and saying, "Don't," heavy-fierce, "
"I'm sorry," John says, finally; and Sherlock slides a little bottle out of the cupboard, and sets it beside the bowl of olives and tomatoes and onions.
"Please," John says, as best he can, around Sherlock panting against him pressed deep into him, his wrist flexing in John's clenched hard hand— "please," John would beg, "please," and a half-dozen other things he can't get out around Sherlock's wet fingers—
"I don't think you want a fuck against the fridge," John, quiet, corrects; and Sherlock flushes all-at-once red.
John waits until Sherlock's set the cup down, this time. Thumb nudging up, in slow slow circles: unintentional, he might think, if he'd never actually met Sherlock above twice.
DS Jacobs, on loan from DI Howlitzer on a Sunday and clearly none too pleased about any part of it, drives them back to Baker Street in her own personal Ford Focus, because Sherlock still refuses to ride in a patrol car. John, seated up front, tries to make conversation, since as soon as she unlocked the doors Sherlock slid into the back and went promptly and aggressively silent, ignoring even Jacobs's pointed references to her assorted black belts and her dojo and the last time she took out a suspect three times her size; John tries to maneuver her onto a less fraught topic, but since her other main interests are snooker and getting pissed with her truly terrifying women's five-a-side team and she isn't actually a lesbian, he never really knows how to talk to her. When they pull up outside the flat, he takes the time to thank her for the ride and wish her luck in her next match, so Sherlock's already through the door and up the stairs probably before John's even got his seatbelt off.
"Do you find my discipline to be insufficient?" Holmes is asking. Sherlock. Holmes. There's a note of gentleness in his voice that scrapes against the insides of John's chest. John's eyes are prickling, his knuckles white.
there, and sitting there, mounted on John's laptop, it's easy to forget that it is, in fact, independently important. Like this, it just looks like a hard drive, belonging to John's best friend, which John has not, until today, ever seen: there's—nothing to it. No weight. No swelling music; no ominous warping background tone; no skin-prickling or suggestive sound effects unless John counts the car alarm that's going off, somewhere, faintly in the distance but not, he thinks, on Baker Street; and he doesn't know any of Sherlock's passwords but he doesn't need them like this, does he. He's used Sherlock's computer enough to have a sense of the organizational scheme he likes: top-level folders that divide the contents into people, places, and things; then nested subfolders by subject, subfolders by sub-subject, subfolders by date; long filenames, cross-referenced by means of a liberal use of symbolic links: just to keep up with him, back in 2011, John'd spent six evenings patchily spaced across the better part of a month struggling through an online tutorial on bash; and the point is, with this drive mounted and open on his laptop, John knows his way around, if he wanted to use it. The open picture of Sherlock with his Amsterdam Americans is titled "netherlands_amsterdam_rijksmuseum_adeline-g_cooper-m_chabra-r_adams-a_20130514.png"; and John swallows, because that's—plenty. Probably for mostly anyone with half a brain but
, gorgeous blackpinkwhite cast in amber streetlights, flashing blue, shining the way at home he twists and arches under John's body his body wound up with John's body, his hair limp with sweat at the roots and his body writhing and twisting, spelling out sounds: like half an hour previous he'd spun on his foot palm out:
Behind him Sherlock is quiet for a long, long while. Breathing in. Breathing out. John doesn't say anything else.
In silence, phosphorescing. They are touching they are touching they are touching: that tremulous impermanent sensation, burning into him. Everywhere between them: their welling-up light.
"Might be worth a try," George says. "I think you know that the more you can get your body on board, the easier this will be."
"I want to," Sherlock says finally. His voice is very low: it echoes, a bit, with something very far in the back of John's mind, when Sherlock says, "to—stay, like this, for—just for a minute," and John swallows.
John laughs, already breathless. "If you think this doesn't count, you're doing it wrong," he says, but he pops the button on his jeans anyway. Sherlock's gaze flickers down, up: locks back onto his face. John licks his parched lips and drags down the zip:
, together," John says, and then touches Sherlock's sternum, light. "I just don't want to have to wonder if you're fucking me a certain way because you think I'm—I don't know, expecting you to be psychic, or measuring you against the
Upstairs again after tea and Sherlock is quiet. Stays quiet, really; John'd think he was working on the case if he didn't follow John into the kitchen at seven looking lost, out of place. It's strange, John is realizing, to see his dangling empty hands. John's got an onion out of the fridge, but he stops there and asks, "Do you want do it?" and Sherlock inhales. Scrubs his hands through his hair.
Tucked between them. Breathes. And breathes. "Car's here," Sherlock whispers. John nods. "I've got to go." John nods.
twice a day to maintain the ability to carry on an intelligent conversation." Sherlock turns and walks up the sofa, leaning until it tips back up onto its feet.
"It'd be pretty fucking horrific of me," Sherlock says, "to demand that you stay," in the crisp whip-crack voice which he always uses, when he swears.
Sherlock's gaze is sharp. His hair's a mess, because John's been mauling it, because they spent an age rolling around together with their hands all over each other while they kissed and kissed but his gaze is sharp; his eyes very nearly his best finely-honed weapon; and yet.
“Oh, that’s it.” Sherlock’s head dropped down to hang between his arms. The thrusts seemed to push all the air out of him, leaving him huffing and puffing against the pillow.
John was frozen around the corner from where the voices trailed off as SH followed the girl called Molly through a set of doors. He knew he could walk down the hall and look through the doors to see the man walking away, but he didn't. He didn't know why, but he couldn't. Not here.
When they curled together under the covers moments later, John stroked ebony curls and couldn't help imagining holding a sleeping babe against his chest with the same head of soft hair.
When I turn around, John looks even more wrecked than he was before—his eyes immediately drop to my prick, where it’s begging for his attention. His hair is disheveled where he’s run a hand through it while watching me finger myself with gusto, dreaming of his cock. And what was once a light blush on his face is now a rouge that stains him from hairline to collar. He’s given up on the deep breaths through his nose and is now gently panting through parted lips.
His fingers slip along John’s bare stomach, trailing through the coarse hair at his navel and curling over his hip. The doctor is wearing nothing but his first Christmas present of the year--a pair of red pants with white piping that Sherlock picked out entirely because he’d put pants on his Christmas list and, well, they were colored appropriately.
John stopped with the Headmaster and stared up at the entrance to the Potions classroom. He had come a long way from the scared first year walking into doubles with his housemates and the Ravenclaws. He barely remembered that boy now. Long gone were the days when Professor Severus Snape had been the scariest wizard he could imagine. Twenty-five years after the Battle of Hogwarts, he considered the man a hero. Who, then, now filled his shoes as Potions master?
And then there was denim on either side of his chest as John straddled him, still fully clothed. Strong thighs, a solid arse, and then there was a bulge of rough material against his cheek.
John smiled and pressed his cheek against the consulting detective’s cushion of a stomach. Every day that went by, he felt the same way.
John’s hand settles on the back of my neck, curving protectively but also in a way that reminds me of the last time he held me in place while he took his pleasure. I still, inspired by the flash memory, and look up at him expectantly.
“That’s my child,” John said, jabbing a finger in the air toward Sherlock’s flat. “Upstairs in your flat, with your landlady.
"I, uh... I suppose we could discuss it now. But...." John paused, treading carefully. "A child is a lot of responsibility, Sherlock. It's not something we could go back on if it didn't work."
John gave himself another squeeze and looked at the girl on the screen, giving himself more fodder for his wank when she took the man's cock and slapped it twice against her cheek.
John snapped it away and gave a terse nod to the two men behind the counter. He lifted the overnight bag from the floor where he’d set it and slung it over one shoulder. What did you say in a situation like this? He wasn’t sure. There was still a special kind of rage boiling in his stomach, causing tension in his shoulders that would probably make him sleep poorly. He had a few choice words still on reserve, but in the end he settled for:
John hesitated at the cupboard as he pulled at a stack of towels. It was a long moment before he could take another breath. There were so few options. There was only one option, really, with a dozen variables, and he didn’t want to consider it. Didn’t want to take into account what he knew; what he didn’t.
Lips again, now on his left shoulder, sucking a spot into the flesh just above his collarbone. Sherlock tugged at his restraints and tried not to whimper. It was pathetic of him to
Then the detective’s arms were around him (quite awkwardly, considering the twins) and John nearly dropped the ring onto the poor, poisoned bloke at their side, but Sherlock caught his hand. John barely managed to get the ring onto Sherlock’s finger single-handedly before warm lips brushed his, a quiet whisper of “yes” before closing in.
“I--I’ll try, John, but I.” He stopped and fiddled with his fingers. John just watched, giving him all the time he needed to process his thoughts. The man was still probably doing more thinking behind those closed eyes than the average person did in an entire day. He looked up a moment later and grabbed John’s hand. “Could we go to bed?”
"You'll find this to be a very near replica of your previous wand," the Headmaster explained. "Should it reject you or feel uncomfortable to you, please do not hesitate to let me know and I shall get you a replacement."
“No,” he said, “John isn’t... bound. He’s--as far as I know, I’m the only Omega, and I’d certainly know if there was someone else. I meant that--well. Annabelle is... his.”
“I haven’t heard a peep from him yet, though I don’t give it long,” Sherlock says. “Maybe eight minutes.”
He’s arched his back as he rolls his hips in a slow circle, enjoying the way John’s fingers dig into the skin of his thighs. The bed creaks obscenely with every downward slide, a lovely complement to John’s near-coherent ramblings. He’s been trying to slow the pace for several minutes now, but each time his body tugs John’s cock into that sweet spot, it makes Sherlock want to go faster, harder.
John’s eyes opened slowly as his mind dragged his unwilling body back into consciousness. His fingers trailed over the cool, empty space next to him in the bed. Sherlock was already awake, then.
Long minutes pass as I vary the pace, taking what I need and then grinding to a halt, finding the edge only to retreat. I’m reading him in the bruising grip of his fingers and the moans that slip from his throat.
is how I want to see you.” John removed his hand, brushing away the curls on Sherlock’s forehead so he could press his lips there.
Sherlock rang off before his brother could respond again, as was his wont, tossing his phone onto the table. For someone who had never in his life wanted to have an Alpha or a bond, he certainly found himself enjoying John Watson’s company.
Of course, Sherlock would tell him he could do more. John could allow him to concoct home remedies. Unfortunately for Sherlock, the doctor had banned any and all experimentation concerning their baby shortly after he found his boyfriend doing an internet search on chemical exposure in the womb so he could determine which chemicals he could and couldn't work with.
“You feel brilliant around me, love,” John said, arching his hips to thrust up weakly. He tried again a few more times, barely gaining ground, until he gave up and just let Sherlock set the pace. “Take what you need, Sherlock. I’m yours. Whatever you need.”
He spent the rest of the day looking at every man who walked by him in the hospital, wondering if he'd be willing to fuck any of them, staring at everyone who was tall and thin, wondering if it was his SH.
The thing about sex with Sherlock was that the more impatient he was feeling at any given time of day, the more quickly he wanted the sex to be over. It was rare of him to want to drag it out, to make it last until they were begging each other simultaneously.
It had been happening as long as he could remember; the dream hopping. He was quite certain that he went as far back as three years old, but he couldn't be certain that it hadn't been stories he'd been told that were fogging those particular glass windows in his mind palace.
John reached between them for the toy, and Sherlock held out his hand, bottle clasped in his suddenly sweaty palm. It was ridiculous that they truly didn’t have the patience to take off both pairs of trousers before moving on to the main attraction.
John licked his lips, not quite sure of how to add anything other than the unadulterated lust his eyes had to reflect.
was what John presumed was the most important part of that sentence. He knew Sherlock was underweight, and if the andrologist had determined that Sherlock's body might not be in top form to conceive, he wouldn't have hesitated to tell him. The doctor thought it would take longer.
He wanted it to last longer, but being halfway through his heat meant that his body’s stamina had gone out the window with his ability to be coy in bed. He began to move shallowly, trying to encourage the knot to swell by teasing the head of John’s cock with his deepest inner walls. It was all he needed, and combined with John’s expert fingers, he was sure to--
Mary should be home within the hour. Needs to get rid of the ghost before she sees him like this. Stuff it back in the closet. Push it down, back into the psyche it’s borne from.
He relocated to his bedroom and removed the sex toy from the box, only glancing at the instructions before crumbling them and shoving them back into the empty box. The company had been intrigued by his request and had asked him to let them know how the experiment went. He expected they would likely want to profit from his design.
“Ah, thank you. I need you to take a series of photos.” Sherlock placed himself in front of the wall, facing John, and stared at him expectantly, as if John was just supposed to start snapping.
John wondered how he was meant to make himself known to the Potions master. Should he send an elf? Or would he be better off wandering around until he found Sherlock doing the same?
He looked down at her as she pulled on his finger. “Wha’s wrong?” she asked. But the scent wasn’t coming from her--it was on the air, coming from... where?
A moment later, John felt the hips behind him still and a soft groan was uttered against his ear, his own name slipping out with it a moment later. "John," the stranger said. "Oh, perfect."
"I changed the password!" he protested, standing from his relaxing chair and crossing behind it to stand near the other man. He didn't know what he was achieving by standing like an angry mother with his hands on his hips, but it made him feel better, almost a little bit intimidating.
"I know it's fine," Sherlock replied, eyes darting from the almost murky windows to John's face and then back again as they had a moment ago.
John worried that it would soon be boring for the other man--that this was SH needing something new from John. That he'd soon want John to take him in his mouth. Or, the more frightening thought, to bottom for him.
“For some reason, I find it hard to believe he could think less of you,” John said, knowing that it lacked tact and wishing he had turned his phrase more carefully. Mycroft was being perfectly cordial; it was John who had started the argument with Sherlock, so John would have to finish it. Obviously, Mycroft was not the one he was meant to finish it with.
“That was... good,” Sherlock said. The panting and full-body shivers gave away that this was a massive understatement.
John panted with relief, with adrenaline, with the absolute onslaught of feelings he was experiencing. He felt dizzy, light-headed, and he was sure he had never wanted to kiss someone more than he did Sherlock Holmes in that moment.
The Alpha’s eyes sparkled, and he looked at Mike first, as if he wasn’t completely sure Sherlock was real and needed verification. Mike shrugged; he was used to Sherlock’s behavior after all these years. And when John’s eyes--Annabelle’s eyes, really, he couldn’t get over the exactness of the steel blue gaze--slid back to his own a second later, the man licked his lips.
That didn't bode well with John at all. His eyes snapped open and he stared through the crack he'd made in the doorway, trying to figure out the positions of the men in the room. He wanted to shout; he wanted to make his presence known; he wanted to summon the Aurors and get them here before Sherlock did something colossally stupid.
“You are more right than you may think, Doctor.” Mycroft adjusted his feet so he was standing with them spread equally below him, shoulder-width, looking at John with a sort of formality that had lost any of the ease it may have had only a moment prior. “My brother blames me for a great deal of trauma he experienced as a child. Trauma that, I believe, would have been avoidable had I been able to--how does he say it?--
John had his hand wrapped around something, and he leaned forward to take Sherlock’s mouth once more, his tongue probing deep and dirty. Sherlock was momentarily surprised to taste himself, until he remembered that John had been rather enthusiastic in his worship of Sherlock’s fingers only a few moments ago.
He wouldn’t go there now, not when he knew that Sherlock was probably on the other side of the door tracking John’s footsteps to ensure he’d left those experiments alone. But one day soon, he’d do it, especially if Sherlock wasn’t going to offer the information he needed.
It was a glorious fantasy, one he lost himself in until he was interrupted by a sharp rap on the wall to his left.
He gestured over his shoulder back the way he’d come from and she nodded in understanding. When he turned, the clock stalled for a moment on 19 before resetting itself to ten years--the longest gap John had ever seen since it first reset eight years prior. But, as he knew, that could change at any time.
“It’ll be fun.” John reaches for the remote and flicks the telly back to life, settling onto the couch and letting his feet burrow further under Sherlock’s bottom. “And now,
He knew John had nightmares. He also knew that he couldn't make them better by starring in them, no matter how much he wished he could slip into a disguise and be that angel John had so wished for on the battlefield.
As soon as John's nose pressed into his pubic hair, Sherlock lost it. He moaned a belated warning and came down his lover's throat, hips spamming in his attempt not to thrust violently into that perfect mouth.
"Was there something you needed, Mycroft, or were you just feeling the need to assert your omniscience?" John asked, tucking his phone against his shoulder while he unlocked the door to Baker Street.
John's teeth clamped down on his shoulder, almost hard enough to break the skin, definitely hard enough to leave a mark, and Sherlock thrust back against him. They were both so close, so ready. The man behind him thrust upwards and Sherlock threw his head back when the head of the cock inside him brutally pressed into his prostate. His entire body shuddered, making John pant in his ear, nipping at any skin he could graze. It was becoming frantic, carnal.
He brought his own lewd thoughts to the front of his mind now, splayed out and naked as he was on top of the covers. His skin nearly itched from the need for heat and unfamiliar skin. It was a symptom he knew came over omegas when their cycle was upon them, but he’d never experienced anything similar to it until after that evening in the hall.
“Nothing that concerns you, John,” Mycroft dismissed him. “Oughtn’t you put away the milk?” John glared at him, not moving a muscle. Mycroft continued the discussion as if he were no longer there,
“I didn’t even know you knew how to do that,” he said in surprise. Sherlock gave him a signature incredulous scowl,
“Good,“ he seemed to need to absorb the information. “I thought I was taking a risk there, but I couldn’t stop. Not after so long. We will continue this at Baker Street, then?” John’s smile lit his face like the sun and he nodded.
“John,” he exhaled and once again brought their lips together, in a slow, heated kiss as he tangled his fingers into short gold strands and pressed himself against his doctor, backing him into the kitchen counter. He felt more than heard John moan into his mouth and then draw back slightly.
Despite feeling as if the earth had shifted beneath their feet, their evening proceeded uneventfully. Sherlock dropped John off to have dinner with his comrades, and spent some time at a local book store before picking him up again. John enjoyed his time with his old friends, but was preoccupied by his thoughts throughout the event. He and Sherlock agreed that their realization was too young for an introduction and evening with the mates from the army. Part of him regretted not introducing his friends to the famous Sherlock Holmes, but there was no point in stressing their budding relationship. When they returned home, his parents had put Rosie to bed and once again retired to their room, giving John and Sherlock quiet time with a small fire in the sitting room. John’s enthusiasm rivaled Sherlock’s when it came to their newfound intimacy, catching him in the kitchen, on the couch, on the porch, standing over Rosie’s crib. They settled near the fire, Sherlock in a chair and John on the ground, leaning against the chair between his detective’s shins. Sherlock threaded his fingers through John’s hair, reveling in the freedom of being able to touch his friend whenever he wished. The word friend was woefully inadequate, but lover seemed too dramatic. John was his….everything. He couldn’t find a word that defined him.
As if summoned, the detective appeared next to him. How Sherlock always found him, he’d never know. But John knew that he always would.
“Yes, I’m just….” John tugged his hand. “Let’s walk home. I think better when I’m moving.” Sherlock’s lips quirked up and John left his fingers tangled gently in his detective’s as they slowly walked toward the edge of the green lawn, to where the bustling sidewalk would take them back to Baker Street.
“I have to pick up Rosie. You’re coming back with us tonight, right?” His expression was hopeful. Sherlock smiled,
Mycroft had a car ready for them in London. They climbed out of the chopper and John looked at his friend,
“Yeah, yeah,” Lestrade said quickly, “He’s gonna be alright. But we just got to Bart’s. He was interviewing a suspect at the yard and the perp attacked him—swung the chair at him. He may have a broken arm and he has cut over his eye that probably needs to be stitched. Maybe a concussion, not sure.” John pulled air into his lungs slowly, he’s-not-dead-he’s-not-dead-he’s-not-dead, clinically and objectively observing the return of his left handed tremor.
An hour later, the detective was snoring and John eased himself from under his legs. He cleaned up dinner and stood over his friend, loathe to wake him.
“Hm?” He looked down at the doctor as they waited at an intersection for a light to change. John began haltingly, unsure of his words,
“Are you going to the service?” His soft question was met with a long moment of silence. The air was still, silence filling the space between their words, thick as cotton.
“This is ok? Me being here, like this? We’re ok?” John read the desperation and naked need in Sherlock’s voice and in his face. It took his breath away and John pulled him close again,
“Sherlock, it’s not just Rosie I’m worried about! It’s harming you! I’m planning on living ‘til a ripe old age and I had hoped to do it with you!”  The moment the words were out of his mouth, John wished he could pull them out of the air and swallow them back down. He froze, kitchen faucet still running, heat flushing his chest and face. He had exposed himself. There was no possibility that Sherlock would let this slide, ignore the implications of the comment. As he mentally berated himself, the water continued to run, obscuring the sound of Sherlock’s slow footsteps. He startled when the man’s deep voice came from directly behind him and he shut off the water, breathing rapidly. He leaned against the counter on outstretched arms, head down.
“You can tell me. Or not. We can just sit here.” John returned his gaze to the ceiling and closed his eyes—hoping the deflected intensity would draw Sherlock out of his protective shell.
“Yes, the crying and the talking. It’s how people grieve, Sherlock.” He tenderly added, “It’s human. I’ve been learning it myself and if there’s anything I’ve learned in the past four months, it’s that doing it alone makes it so much worse.”
“That’s a tough promise to make, Sherlock.” Sherlock leaned back without letting go, looking serious again.
Dust motes wafted lazily through the beams of late afternoon sunlight, as John industriously shoved the vacuum around the furniture and into the corners of the flat. It had become his routine on Sunday afternoons, as it had been his mother’s, to tidy up in preparation for a busy week. It certainly never occurred to his genius flatmate to clean and with Rosie toddling around and spending the majority of her time putting things into her mouth, someone had to attend to it. It wasn’t a burden, though. He always went into a somewhat mindful place when he cleaned, the automatic movements clearing his mind of other thoughts and concerns. Rosie was downstairs enjoying a snack with Mrs. Hudson and he hummed to music while he buzzed about their flat. His zen moment was rudely interrupted, however, by a lanky detective bursting through their door.
“Ah,“ he said mildly, “ your cigarettes. I don’t know where they went. Those things are going to kill you anyway.” He began to replace his earbud and resume vacuuming, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
“Yes, I was thinking we would stay tonight.” John knew that wasn’t what exactly what Sherlock had been suggesting, but he was so thrown off by his physiological response (because that’s all it was, right?) to Sherlock that he went for the easier answer. “Thai?”
“I can see that. Let’s give it a shot,” his friend said, as he pushed himself off the couch to order.
“I always do,” he said—with you, the unspoken words louder than those spoken. Sherlock looked briefly (and adorably) boyishly shy and quickly masked his emotion.
Sherlock’s father picked them up at the station, cooing over Rosie to the point of eye rolls from the detective. They settled into the Holmes home, Sherlock’s mother welcoming them with a warm hug and also gushing over Rosie. Somehow, on short notice (Mycroft was likely involved), they had acquired a small portable crib and placed it in one of the guest rooms. John found this gesture very touching and surprised himself with the unusual need to blink back tears. Why was he so emotional?
“Serbia?! You’re not sending him to Serbia again, Mycroft! Do you know what he went through last time? Have you seen his back?” The doctor’s body had gone rigid, his face stony with rage. Sherlock leaned forward, lowering his head into his hands, threading his fingers into his hair. John’s gaze darted between the two of them, but no one would make eye contact with him.
“It’s about 15 minutes from my parents’ place,” he said. “They’d love to see Rosie.” John looked up at him, surprised.
“I know, Sherlock. The Holmes have a lot of work left to do, but you’re going to get through this. We’ll do it together. Alright? I know I have been terrible to you lately, absolutely abominable, but that was so very wrong and I’m done with that. I can only try to make up for it. If you’ll allow it, any time and every time you need me, I’ll be right here. I assume that you have a lot of this left to do.” Sherlock nodded, pulling back, wiping his face on his sleeves.
“Well then you know well that you should’ve extracted him sooner. He still speaks in Serbian in his dreams, Mycroft!” John nearly spit the man’s name in disgust. In his peripheral vision, he registered Sherlock suddenly raising his head in surprise. John mentally kicked himself for revealing that personal bit of Sherlock’s life to his brother (aka arch enemy), but he would risk anything to prevent Sherlock from returning to Eastern Europe. Their lives had come to a peaceful balance in the past 6 months. John and Rosie had moved back to Baker Street, fitting themselves in and around Sherlock’s erratic life. Sherlock still took cases and John assisted when not at the surgery. Rosie was happy and thriving with a fairly regular routine of day care, home time with the two of the them, and some nights spent with Mrs. Hudson and Aunt Molly. John and Sherlock were closer than ever, their friendship mended and improved. John was loathe to jeopardize their current situation. He couldn’t bear the thought of losing Sherlock again. He would be unable to go through that twice in one lifetime. Just the thought made him feel as if he were plunging from a cliff.
“John, where are they?” he demanded imperiously, still clad in his scarf and coat, bringing a draft of the crisp spring air with him. John turned off the vacuum, slipped his ear bud from his ear and gave his friend a smile of exaggerated patience.
“No,“ John refuted with determination. “You don’t need to apologize. After what you’ve been through today? Sherlock, this would shatter anyone.” Sherlock looked into his friend’s eyes.
“You smell like home.” *Oh*. My eyes open fully and the haziness of sleep falls away in a wake of surprise. Just as I mirrored his smile, John immediately felt foolish and backtracked, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to say that out loud. That was awkward,” he said, as he ducked his face toward the pillow.
“It’s ok,” I say quietly, warmly, giving him permission to be honest and open. John gave a small self-conscious huff of a laugh and then spoke again quickly, seemingly before he lost his courage on this anonymous winter night,
“What’s on your agenda today?” he asked, to distract himself from his disconcerting physical response to Sherlock’s smile. To John’s dismay, he had broken their magic, his friend’s smile fading as he turned onto his back.
Relief flooded through Sherlock as he clutched his friend to his chest, once again. They remained there for a few more moments before John pulled away, sniffling with a gentle laugh.
“My timing has been terrible with you since the day we met,” I interrupted with a wry huff of a laugh. “Sorry, it’s your turn. I’m listening.”
I felt unusually inarticulate, but the sharp edge of these whispered truths left me feeling raw and vulnerable. I had never been laid so bare before another human and I floundered, clinging tightly to John’s hand as I attempted to slow my breathing.
“Him,” John said, his voice gravelly as if he hadn’t spoken in days. He cleared his throat. “Michael. He was in my regiment. He did three tours in total. On his last one, just last year, he took a bullet to the abdomen and never really recovered. He died of complications, apparently.” The corners of his lips turned up in a sad mockery of a smile. “Here we are, playing cards. And in this one, he had just told us about his third child being born so we took a congratulatory photo.” He swallowed thickly. “She’s six now. And she doesn’t have her father any more. He’s not going to see her graduate, or walk her down the aisle, or hold her babies.” His face crumpled as he lost the war against tears. He leaned into Sherlock, who slid an arm around his shoulder, tucking his friend’s head against his neck. Sherlock was thankful that he had become more comfortable with providing physical comfort because he couldn’t think of words that would provide any relief at all. He didn’t even try.
“Hey, our girl is awake, I need to go get her,” he murmured into the back of his flatmate’s neck. The warm, alabaster skin had a magnetic pull and he gently (subtly?) placed one kiss on C7. Sherlock tightened his grasp on his arm, pulling him closer. Christ, he loved this man.
“How did you….did you wake me? I don’t remember.” John slid a hand into Sherlock’s, caressing the top of his hand gently with his thumb.
“I believe so. He retired to his room down the hall. We didn’t talk much tonight. It was all…too much to process. We left it for tomorrow. He just apologized repeatedly.” John hummed a neutral response. He was angrier at Mycroft than perhaps he had a right to be. Angry for what he did to Sherlock in his formative years, angry for being stupid enough to set up their psychopath sister with the most nefarious criminal on the planet, angry for the lives lost and nearly lost today…he wasn’t sure the list ended there. However, the Holmes family needed to work out their own conflicts without John adding his sometimes-pathological anger to the tangled family web. As he poured the steaming water over the tea bags, he suddenly gave a short laugh.
“Just lock up on your way out. Text me later,” John said as he passed by Sherlock sipping coffee at the kitchen table. A hand dropped briefly, casually, onto his friend’s shoulder before walking to the front door and John had an absurd thought about how completely normal it would feel to instead drop a kiss onto his friend’s curls as he left. He pushed the thought from his mind and pulled the door shut behind him.
“Like that,” he responded quietly, “A hand in your hair often helped. It never fully woke you, it just calmed you a bit.” The detective’s eyes closed and he nodded.
“You’re amazing, Sherlock.” His friend looked at him quizzically.  “You hide so much empathy and kindness behind that haughty façade of arrogance. I feel incredibly lucky to be allowed to see this side of you. The real you.” Sherlock ducked his head in the face of John’s candor and again glanced up at him through his lashes. This time, John’s smile grew and he allowed himself to feel the tingling warmth spread from his fingertips up through his chest. That sensation was worth some private consideration. He rose from his chair and stepped to the window, viewing the shadows of the cool night that had settled over London.
“The heating is out. We’ll need to call to have it repaired tomorrow. I already put the extra blanket on Rosie,“ I explained through chattering teeth.
“Are you sure you’re ready to live with a toddler, full time?” John joked. The detective’s eyes danced and he nodded,
“Oh, Sherlock, we’ve wasted so much ti—“ Sherlock didn’t allow him to finish the thought. He took his doctor’s face in both his hands and crushed their lips together.
“I did sign up for this. I signed up for it the day you walked into the lab at Bart’s. I signed up for anything and everything that involves being a part of your life. It’s an honor to help you raise your daughter, John Watson.” He had drifted closer to John, their hands linked again. They stood at the edge of the park, in view of the busy street, but John didn’t see anything but the heat in Sherlock’s gaze. He didn’t hear anything but the low timbre of his voice. “And if there’s anything else you want from me, it’s yours. Anything. All that I am, all that I have is already yours.” John forgot how to breathe, filled with awe and fear. How did he deserve the love of this amazing man?
“OK. When you were gone, Greg confiscated my gun. I was—I was that bad. People worried. I thought about suicide. I thought about it before I met you and I thought about it when you left me.” My stomach clenched and a small, indescribable sound escaped me as I slid my hand into John’s, which lay on the bed between us. The thought of losing him to himself was unimaginable. The doctor’s eyes slipped shut and he closed his fingers over mine.
“I want to be here for you and Rosie. I want to be here when she learns to talk and learns to read and when she does her first experiment,” his words slipped from him as if by accident, as if he hadn’t planned on saying them. John watched him swallow nervously, looking slightly surprised and love for the man filled him and spilled over into a smile as warm as the autumn afternoon sun. It emboldened the detective. “I want to be here to see all of these turn silver,” he said deliberately, carefully, as he reached up with his free hand and gently touched John’s remaining golden strands.
“I mean, that is exactly why I wanted to come over here, Sherlock.”  Sherlock still appeared puzzled.
“You’re not going to find them from up there,” John said after he recovered and turned quickly back to the kitchen before Sherlock could deduce his thoughts. “And now I have to clean that table, again,” he added with affected ire that he hoped would camouflage his discombobulation. John wondered if his flatmate had any idea how often he pushed those kinds of thoughts out of his head. He very much hoped not, because he didn’t want anything to upset the happy household they had created in the past year. John had never imagined that he and his daughter would be so content, and live so much like a family, when they moved in with the great detective. Sherlock’s sharp words, unusual habits, and inconsiderate nature had all softened as John and Rosie insinuated themselves into his home and his heart. Sherlock was as much a part of Rosie’s life as any parent and he helped John as much as any spouse. John hadn’t even considered dating again. His life was full as it was and he had no desire for more companionship or the complications that came with it.
“John,“ Sherlock stepped into his space and took the towel from his hands. His expression grew soft as he placed his hands on John’s shoulders, long fingers reaching over his shoulder blades. “I want the same,” he said simply, holding his friend’s gaze. It was John’s turn to blink, overwhelmed by surprise, relief and the supernova of rapidly expanding joy in chest.
“No, Sherlock,” he murmured as he wrapped his arms around thin shoulders, pressing his own chest to his friend’s back. “No,” he slid his fingers into the unkempt curls, pressing his face into them. He inhaled the smoky essence and wished that his own love for Sherlock could seep out through his fingertips and assuage his pain. “You are not a fabrication. You are so much more than that. You were just a child. You believed what people told you because you trusted them and you did what you had to do to survive. You adapted, which proves that you are resilient. Look at me.” He tucked a leg under him, turning so that he could face the detective on the couch. Sherlock looked up at him with the vulnerable eyes of a traumatized five-year-old. “You are absolutely not a false shell. You are brilliant and strong. Every single day, you solve crimes and right wrongs in this world. You are mature enough to tolerate pain and loss and still have relationships. You accept people’s faults and transgressions, even when they’re egregious, and still find love in your heart for them.  You go to great lengths take care of your friends. And you love Rosie and you love me.“ John paused there, a little surprised as he hadn’t planned on saying that. “No matter how often you tell me you’re a high functioning sociopath, it’s just not plausible. Too many people love you, Sherlock. You are not a shell of a person. You are whole, despite what happened to you at a young age and you’ve developed into this… beautiful, complex person, all on your own. You built this—all this, yourself. It’s…it’s astounding, actually. Amazing.” John’s eyes were shining with unshed tears of his own as they continued to stream down Sherlock’s face. The detective’s hands shook as he grasped his friend’s fingers. He closed his eyes, head bent forward against John’s shoulder.
“Sherlock, can I tell you one last truth?” He sounded suddenly calm. I froze, unsure of whether my life was ending or beginning.
“Well, then, Rosie and I will be over this weekend, if you don’t have any plans.” Sherlock wondered why his friend sounded tentative.
Sherlock sat thoughtfully as he finished the toast that John forced him to eat. He should be looking forward to returning to Baker Street, but he felt glued to his chair here, in John’s home. He felt like he was part of something when he was here—a part of system, a family, a functioning unit of people who work, eat, sleep and drink tea together. People who touch to say hello and goodbye and I’m here. A quiet, empty, especially clean Baker Street was not going to feel like a home. Yet. He shook off the thoughts with a sigh, impatient with himself for the cumbersome emotions and attachments. He had to move on with his life and start working on something again. He placed his dishes in the sink and left for Baker St.
“Are you sure you want to do this? I’m probably not going to be feeling…sociable. I’m sure the guys will meet up after the service and end up talking about old times and….” John trailed off with renewed doubt about whether he wanted to go at all, let alone spend the weekend with Sherlock’s parents.
“Yes,” John breathed, taking his hand. Sherlock sighed one last time, but this time a mixture of contentment and relief, and drifted to a dreamless place.
“Alright,“ he said cautiously, catching up with the ex-soldier. Slowly, they walked the perimeter of the graveyard while John took deep breaths.
“It’s lonely here with her gone. Really gone, now.” John stared into his wine, swirling it. Sherlock looked up quickly, as if he had been waiting for this moment.
“Stay,” he whispered. And who was Sherlock to argue? There was nowhere he felt safer than lying next to his doctor. He relaxed into the bed and listened to John’s steady breath against the soft background of the sounds of London in the wee hours of the morning. Overwhelmed by love and in a swell of courage, he took John’s hand from his arm and brought It to his lips, gently kissing his knuckles. Sherlock didn’t need light to know that John was smiling as he entwined their fingers and drifted to sleep.
“We’d love to, Sherlock. For as long as you’ll have us.”  Sherlock swallowed and answered quickly, without thinking.
“Come here, lay down,“ John pulled his friend into the bed, covering them both with the soft duvet. “Tell me something. A story, anything. Tell me about cases from before we met. Give me every detail, paint a picture of it. Tell me about the crime scenes and the criminals and how you were brilliant.”
“Yes, it’s ok. I’m right here and I’m not going anywhere.” He pulled away to take their mugs and place them in the sink. “Come on, we both need some sleep.”
“Oh, John, Sherlock has stocked my cabinets with baby food, I’ll be happy to feed her.” John stood stock still for a moment, cocking his head in an excellent impersonation of a curious retriever.
“It had been so long and it felt like things were different between us, stilted and awkward a lot of the time. I wanted to go back to the way things were, but I had already moved forward and was so far into it with Mary and I did care for her at the time—before I knew she was a spy, before she shot you. So, I told myself, this is how things were supposed to be. I forced it. It felt like wearing shoes on the wrong feet. It never felt right and I know I wasn’t acting like….I know I wasn’t there for you. But, Christ, Sherlock, I didn’t know how to fix it and you were….distracted and distant, texting all the time and—”
“Do you mind if I decide tomorrow morning? It’s not until 1.” Silently his friend nodded, his gaze affixed to the fire. “OK, I’m going to try to get some sleep. “ John placed his glass in the sink and Sherlock followed. “Thanks, Sherlock. Thank you for thinking of coming here, and sharing your family with me and with Rosie.” Sherlock locked the depths of his sea glass gaze on him and for a moment, he seemed to almost say something before changing his mind.
“Why would I ask you to come if I wanted to be by myself, Sherlock? I want you with me. I always want you with me.” John’s tone was cold and sharp and Sherlock froze. The doctor’s affect was at complete odds with his words and Sherlock wasn’t sure which to heed.
“You’re right. You’re always right. Truth.” We were doing this. It was now or never. I forged onward, come what may, because anything less than truth at this point, would be a betrayal.
“By help, you mean….”John wondered suspiciously. He doubted that he and Mycroft Holmes had the same definition of help.
“I’m okay now, I can go back—“ but John chose that moment to tighten his grasp and move his thumb gently over his friend’s skin.
“You have no idea,” he responded. Rosie chose that moment to throw a crayon into the kitchen with a frustrated cry. They both pulled apart, still clinging to eachothers’ hands, laughing.
“As much as I hate to admit it, Mycroft was most helpful. And I’ve spent the past week attending to the details.”  The doctor nodded appreciatively.
“Sherlock,” he attempted to recall how to breathe. “The doctor will be in any minute.” His eyes met his love’s, and the detective looked as wrecked as he felt.
After dinner, and bedtime for Rosie in her new crib upstairs, John and Sherlock sat in their chairs, sated, warm and content. John had poured them each a finger of whiskey that they were nursing.
“Come on, Sherlock, we’ve shared beds many times on cases, it’s not a problem. You need real sleep and you’re way too tall for the couch.”
Goosebumps chased each other down his arms at the thrill of Sherlock’s breath against his neck.  His words, though, relieved some of his anxiety. The detective’s arms embraced him quickly before he murmured, “C’mon. Let’s go home. We can talk more there.”
“OK,” he said slowly. “Alright, get some rest. I’ll see you in the morning.” He ran his hand down Sherlock’s back before heading to his room. Sherlock’s weak smile failed as he watched his friend walk to the kitchen.
“I—we….I don’t want to mess this up, y’know? Because it’s us, and without us, I have—I have nothing. I mean… you know that I love you, right? You must’ve deduced that by now. You are a genius, after all.” Sherlock’s world stopped. His brain stopped processing outside stimuli and was consumed with only one thought. John Watson loved him. John Watson loved HIM. He stared so long that they nearly missed the walk signal. A few people moved impatiently past them and John began to feel quite awkward and more than a little panicky. “It’s ok, I mean, if it’s too much or too soon to say something like that, you don’t have to feel the same way, I just—” Sherlock suddenly grabbed his hand, dragged him across the street at the last moment and doubled their pace. They were approaching 221B. “OK,” muttered John.  A few minutes later, after nervously fishing in his pocket, John was attempting to insert the key with shaky fingers when the detective suddenly wrapped his arms tightly around his waist from behind, burying his face in his neck and humming out a sigh. John reached back with his free hand, cupping the back of Sherlock’s neck, keeping him close as he released a relieved breath and said, “So you’re not mad, then? I was afraid—“.
“Yes, Dr. John Watson, now where is he?” She directed him to Room 9, where he arrived to find Lestrade at the door, texting furiously.
“OK, I’ll call the sitter then,” John responded. This was the moment when they should get out of bed and start their days, but neither of them felt particularly inclined to leave their warm cove. Sherlock glanced over and caught his doctor’s eye. “Alright?” murmured John.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” John repeated between his tears and his shaking sobs. Sherlock made quiet murmurs of “It’s OK”, but John persisted, “No, I hurt you, Sherlock. You’re the last person I ever wanted to hurt, and the only person I needed.”
“Thank you,“ the detective whispered, gaze averted down at his hands. John reached over and took Sherlock’s restless hands into his own. His friend relaxed into his touch.
“John,” he began quietly, urgently, with relief in his tone. “I’m not going.” John felt something crack open inside of himself. His breath released like a burst balloon with tears streaming from his eyes. He dropped his head into his hands, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes, chest heaving as he desperately tried to hold it together. He felt Sherlock slide his arms around him and pull him close. The detective’s breath caught in his chest and he held John tightly in a tremulous grip.
“Yes,” he said firmly, “Since the day we met.” John suddenly became aware of his own shaking hands, unable to comprehend that what he’d desired for so long was suddenly within reach.
“Yes,” John said simply. As he walked into the kitchen to start the tea, he saw the corners of his friend’s mouth twitch upward. He stood in the kitchen while waiting for the water to boil, stretching and rolling his shoulders with a yawn.
“You mean you need sleep? I don’t think I’ve ever heard you say that, Sherlock,” the doctor smiled as he placed the tea cups on the table to cool and sank into the couch beside him.
“I’m going to talk with Molly,” he looked at John anxiously. “Any advice? I’m complete rubbish at these things, as you know. Talking about feelings. Do you think Greg has already told her what happened?”
“We should have a housewarming party,” John suggested. Sherlock was thankful for the change of topic. He cleared his throat.
“Quite the opposite, actually, “ the doctor said, smiling in self-conscious manner that Sherlock found endearing. John pulled 2 platinum rings linked by a tiny silver bow from his pocket and handed them unceremoniously to Sherlock. “I don’t know if it’s…what you want, I mean, I know it’s what I want, but…” he took a shaky breath, “I’m saying that I love you, Sherlock, and I want this, all of this, everything we are and everything we have, to be permanent. I never want anything else. I want you to be mine forever. We are perfect together.” Sherlock’s eyes were glassy saucers and he had stopped breathing. The rings lay in his hand untouched. John smiled into his eyes, and nudged him with his knee “Breathe, “ he said softly. The detective abruptly pulled air deep into his lungs.
“Sherlock, you can always wake me. I’m glad you came to me,” John said, as he ran a hand over the detective’s back, noting his freshly damp and clean smelling T-shirt. He must have taken a shower to try to temper the urges. When Sherlock finally looked up, his eyes were wet with unshed tears,
“It’s not like last time at all, Sherlock. This is a small cell, and they just arrived in Serbia. It’ll be a quick, in and out operation….we just haven’t located them yet. That’ll be your sole assignment. Once you have coordinates, we will deploy another team. It would be two weeks, max.” Rage boiled in John’s stomach, turning his jaw and his fists into knots.
“I—“ the detective started, pausing to clear his throat, and starting again, roughly. “I’ve had dreams since I came back.” John waited. The silence was pregnant, but he refrained from prompting the detective. “When I was gone, I….I experienced many things. I was….tortured. Beaten. Starved.” The doctor unintentionally grasped his hand more tightly and turned to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “The worst was…” he turned his gaze to the window, sighing deeply.
“Of course,” John said quickly “of course. Rosie and I are happy to have him. He’s always welcome here.”
“When we were kids, Harry and I used to play truth or dare. As we got older, our dares became so reckless that mom said we were only allowed to play truth or truth. Besides, I figure that you and I have completed a lifetime’s worth of dares in a decade, anyway. But we have a significant deficit of truths between us.” Blue-green eyes flash bright enough to see in the pitch dark. A deficit. An accurate word chosen by a physician. I hesitated and the cold, dark room waited to hold our secrets in suspended animation.
“No! No, stay here. Move in. Please. Baker Street is as much your home as it is mine, John. It’s much too quiet and dull without you.” How did he do that, John wondered? How did he remain articulate in these situations? He heaved a sigh of relief as he finally looked up from studiously applying jam—directly into a blindingly happy smile on his friend’s face.
“Sorry, sorry, I—“ but he was cut off by the detective’s lips, warm, pliant, once again moving against his, fingers moving in his hair, over his jaw, ankles that had locked around the back of his calves as he stood against the exam table, pulling him close, allowing no escape, no hesitation, no doubt.
“I know. It wasn’t just you. You certainly don’t bear the sole responsibility for that. I was getting over…or learning how to deal with---” the darkness swallowed the end of my sentence. I had never spoken to anyone about my trauma. Only Mycroft knew about it. He read it on my face and in my body and had encouraged me to seek help. John’s thumb caressed the back of my hand gently.
No sooner had he pressed ‘end’, than there was a knock at his door. John found his friend leaning in his doorway, looking like a ghost. His coat hung limply on thin, hunched shoulders. His eyes were shadowed and listless, marred by dark smudges beneath. Although he had been expecting it, John was still taken aback by the battered appearance of the detective. He pulled Sherlock into his home by a shoulder, locking the door behind him.
“Everything alright?” Sherlock made a noncommittal sound in response. John continued with the bedtime routine. He was rocking Rosie in her chair when his phone rang. Sherlock heard him talking with a colleague from the surgery and stepped into Rosie’s room to relieve John. He took mini-Watson from his friend, as John stepped out to talk about exchanging surgery shifts. Rosie was calm as the tide of sleep tugged on her eyelids. Sherlock found himself soothed by the rocking rhythm and soft warmth in his arms. If someone had told him a year ago that he would be holding a tiny person and gazing at her lovingly, he’d have scoffed at the absurdity and insulted them. Yet, here he was. John stepped in, smiling as he watched his two most favorite people in the world.
Eventually the dark times came, as they always had, but less intense--sometimes a few hours, sometimes a few days, but they were shared and assuaged with tea and warm-feet-afternoon-naps and whiskey-before-the-fire evenings, telly-on-the-couch nights, and silent walks, arms gently bumping. The heat and sunlight of family (toast in triangles and toddler size jumpers in the laundry) seeped into the corners of his Mind Palace and illuminated them, sweeping away the cobwebbed crusty bit-not-good thoughts. The cases came too, as they always do, but they were not the wild jumping-between-rooftops, narrowly-escaping-knives kinds of cases, but the less intense, solving-the-crime-using-deduction-think, John, think! kinds of cases, solved from the living room walls spattered with pictures and stringed thumb tacks. Some crime scenes were visited but more often images were sent and viewed on laptops to the soft background clicks and clacks of children’s toys or the soft hum of children’s shows. A year of contentment glowed beneath Sherlock’s normal pallor and warmed John’s gaze, softening the angles of the doctor’s face and the sharp edges of the prior year. There was no time for dating between the Friday-evening-take-away-curry and Angelo’s super-special-Saturday-spaghetti made with care for his favorite little detective. No time between surgery shifts and late-night-cases. And John didn’t miss it. He didn’t miss awkward first questions and fumbling first kisses. He didn’t miss long evenings spent tolerating dull conversation while wondering if Sherlock was running about in alleys, risking his life without his conductor of light. He now touched Sherlock often and softly and the more he did it, the more he wanted to do it. Thoughts had begun to flit through his mind—of leaning into him on the couch, of the nape of his neck bent over the microscope, of the errant curl over his left eye. They came unbidden, but not necessarily unfamiliar or unwelcome. John hadn’t quite decided what to do with them yet. They were distracting, in a pleasant, day-dreamy way, not a panicky way. For now, he was sitting with them. Holding them.
“John.” He made the letters of his name sound like a prayer. “Nothing would make me happier than you and Rosie staying permanently.” John gave a small sigh of relief. Although, the corollary of that statement, the relationship part, was not yet addressed.
“And sometimes it does help. Good.” John settled himself against the best and wisest man he had ever known, an arm anchored around his chest, and felt both their hearts slow.
“I’m going to give her a bath and put her in bed, “John said, as he tugged Rosie’s bib from her neck and picked her up, carefully avoiding applesauce bombs.
“Mmm hmm.” Sherlock absorbed this, blinked quickly and swallowed. “The rest of your life?” John nodded again, feeling as if he was standing on the precipice of the rest of his life.
“I’m not waiting another minute,” the detective said, returning his grin and starting the car.  His heart felt light, his chest suffused with warmth where it had been chilled for ages, in suspended animation.
“What happened today?” The detective sighed, his dark curls dropping low on his forehead. Filtered light from the street lit half his face, the other half in shadow.
The morning passed uneventfully, though John’s mood became subdued. Sherlock’s parents were going to take Rosie on a picnic while they were at the funeral and it eased John’s mind knowing that she was in loving hands. They each went to their rooms to get dressed and when John joined Sherlock in the living room 20 minutes later, Sherlock froze. John was adorned in his uniform, which he’d had altered last week. Sherlock was struck by how handsome and young he looked in the trim lines and beige tones. He could easily imagine John shouting commands, directing emergency operations and being a captain that his troops respected and probably loved. An entire life, perhaps the most important part, lived before they had even met. The detective blinked, his mouth dry. He had stared long enough to make John uncomfortable.
“Any time, Sherlock. Every time. Please come to me every time you have an urge to use. Promise me.” John’s gaze held a passionate insistence that was reinforced with his hand on Sherlock’s bicep. A warmth filled Sherlock, tingling in his stomach to his to his fingertips and he swallowed audibly. He didn’t know how much longer he could go without telling this man just how much he meant to him. He was certain that he was already telling him with his eyes—he could only hope that John was even less observant than usual at 3:30am.
“Hey,” so softly, “Let me see what happened to you.” Sherlock turned, squinting against the light. The purpled skin over his left eye was marred with 8 sutures, well-placed, parallel with his forehead lines. Gentle touches against his scalp, the detective’s eyes drifted shut. “Anywhere else?”
“Alright…” he started slowly, rummaging through his mind palace for old cases. “There was this case about 11 years ago, I had just gotten out of rehab for the first time and…” and so it went for about an hour. His natural penchant for drama took over as he recounted his tales of murder and intrigue. John was the perfect audience and it was the perfect distraction. As he finished describing his final case with a flourish, he turned his head to the side, to meet his doctor’s sleepy gaze.
Sunlight streamed through the stained glass windows, spattering the hard stone floor with a chaos of color. The church was only about half full of mourners, but spilling over with grief. There was a preponderance of military uniforms in attendance, in combination with family and friends. The sight of the man’s wife and young children was more than most could withstand, precipitating sobs from some and the subtle throat clearing/eye swipe maneuver of those unaccustomed to openly grieving. After the service and eulogy, the group proceeded to the gravesite. When the wife tossed her handful of soil onto the casket, John’s shoulders stuttered and he turned toward Sherlock, whose hand came up to gently grasp his arm, as John subtly hid his tear streaked face in the shadow of his friend. At the end, John moved slowly through the group, talking quietly with former comrades, and finally expressing his condolences to the family. As people began to slowly peel off from the group and depart, John began a slow walk away from the car. Sherlock paused,
When the night darkened and become rough at the edges, John stood, pulling Sherlock to his feet as well. Sherlock’s gaze was disconcertingly intense,
“Oh, you’re helping today,” he said to the detective in a teasing tone, “to what do I owe this pleasure?”
“I have to make a change, John. For a while, at least. Those 2 years were so traumatic, and then I returned to Magnussen and Mary and now Euros….my reserves are gone. I used to not recognize it when I was at this point. Or perhaps I did, but I would get high to deal with it. I can’t do that now, I have too much to lose, so I need to make a change instead. I need something different. I need to take a break.” John stiffened,
He walked aimlessly for about twenty minutes before finding himself in the park, staring at the lake. The air was crisp and cool, but sunny patches offered warm respite for walking mothers with busy toddlers, elderly couples and the occasional runner. John took deep, slow breaths, hopelessly trying to fill the chasm of emptiness in his gut. His heart ached with the thought of Sherlock’s absence, the thought of the detective returning to the very place that traumatized him, being captured, tortured again…perhaps not making it back this time. Every time he forced that last thought from his mind, it slammed back in, nearly taking him down each time. He closed his eyes against the onslaught of images—Sherlock in chains, Sherlock being whipped, Sherlock’s grave, Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock…..
“I wish I was there to drink it with you,” the detective said, with a note of regret—although John could feel his smile. “I should’ve stayed with you.” John’s breath caught in his chest like butterflies in a net. He wanted his friend here, too.
“Mmm hmm. It felt right. Was that ok?” John asked, a hint of doubt tainting his tone. However, when he pulled away and looked up into Sherlock’s smoldering gaze, all doubt was erased from his mind. Sherlock leaned down, mere millimeters from John’s lips,
“We’ve been raising your daughter for a year, John. Yes, I know what it entails and I want to do this. I love her. I love you.”
“I value his opinion,” Sherlock sharply retorted, speaking for the first time since John had entered the room. The detective finally met the gaze of his best friend and he easily read the raw emotion in the doctor’s eyes—fear for him, fear for them. Fear of losing everything they had built. The intensity of the sentiment nearly overwhelmed them both—Sherlock stood abruptly and stepped to the window, his expression shielded and indiscernible but his shattered eyes revealed jagged memories and a hint of panic. John dropped his head, stripped of his anger, voice rough.
“Nothing helps.” He said despondently. “I don’t want sedatives. I’m actually trying to stay sober, John. I don’t know what to do. I just need to shut down my hard drive.”
John fell into his friend’s chest and wrapped his arms around his waist, inhaling his scent and pressing tremulous palms into his back, solid and real. Sherlock’s long arms held him tightly and John felt his lips move on the top of his head as he murmured,
“Not working,” he said tersely. And then, barely audible, “I’m uncomfortable in my own skin. This is why I use.” John swallowed his own grief, reached a hand up to touch his friend’s back, but hesitated, and quietly asked,
“Sherlock.” He found him lying curled on the cot back to the door in what would normally be his sulking-bored-angry-with-the-world pose. A groan came from the defensively postured detective, beneath long-fingered hands that were holding his head. John moved to the bed, sliding his hip onto it as he tangled his fingers into his friend’s hair.
“Yes. After this.” The tension I felt in his body escalated my own. My heart was beating so wildly inside my chest that it could have cracked John’s rib where it pressed against mine. I anxiously awaited his answer. I knew what I wanted—I desperately wanted more.  Yet, even more desperately, I didn’t want to lose John for it. My arms squeezed him more tightly of their own accord—in anticipation of the potential loss of the most important thing in my life.
“Hey, I’m the doctor here,” John said, smiling, tucked against the detective. As Sherlock’s warmth alleviated his well water chill, his shaking subsided and he started to become drowsy. Shivering and hypothermia had burned all his energy, leaving him exhausted. His eyes drifted closed as his head fell onto his friend’s shoulder. Sherlock felt John’s breathing become slow and regular as his body relaxed into a deeper slumber. Sherlock eased his friend onto his lap, placing his arm over John’s and his fingers buried in his friend’s hair. As John slept, Sherlock allowed himself to revel in this physical confirmation of his friend’s survival, affirmation of his continued presence in his life. This was going to be difficult—navigating the uncharted waters of a relationship with his psychopath sister and repairing relationships with his parents and Mycroft. He was going to need John’s friendship. Although their relationship was only recently recovered, it did not feel tentative. They were indelibly bound to one another. The weight and warmth of his friend resting on his legs sent a warmth up through his chest and a laid a blanket of ease over his unquiet mind. He leaned his head back on the seat and dozed for the remainder of their ride.
“No, but I’ve never seen this genius do it before.” Sherlock picked Rosie back up and headed toward the door,
“Let’s not waste any more,” he murmured in between tasting John’s upper lip and his lower lip, between breathing in his scent and exhaling years of need, between reining in his desperate rush and savoring the sensation of John’s stubble against his cheek. John’s arms slipped around the taller man’s neck, losing himself in moist heat, the taste of tea and safety. Moments later, he reluctantly leaned away and pulled back for oxygen.
“Observant as always,” John quipped, pouring tea for both of them. He sat across from the detective, placing his mug within reach. He sighed. “My place is quiet and empty. It’s not relaxing after a long week. It’s lonely.” It doesn’t feel like home. He’s not sure it ever really did. It’s something he chose with Mary and without her, it feels like a shoe that doesn’t fit.
“Look at me,“ John stepped into his space, making eye contact unavoidable, “She’s gone. I’ve accepted that now. I don’t see her anymore. I don’t talk to her anymore. All we have is each other. And when I have a nightmare tonight about you putting that bloody gun under your chin, I want to be able to reach out and touch you. To know that you’re alive.” He said it a bit more forcefully than he intended, anger a defense against his own vulnerability. Realization crept into Sherlock’s eyes. He hadn’t considered the effect that would have had on his friend—his best friend, who had already watched him die once.
“I extracted him, John, I know well what he went through,” Mycroft said quietly. John gave a mirthless laugh.
“You mean….?” He left the question open, the weight of this moment leaving him floundering and inarticulate. Could his best friend want the same thing? Did he want more?
“How can you ever forgive me, Sherlock, when I can’t forgive myself?” Sherlock pulled away from him to look into his eyes. The detective’s eyes shone with tears and an emotion that John couldn’t name at the moment.
“Hey,” he said ever-so-softly, his voice gravelly with sleep. “Let’s go to a real bed and see if we can get another couple hours before Rosie is up.” His detective struggled to open his gorgeous eyes in a look of sleepy surprise and John smiled. Sherlock pushed himself up and gradually untangled his limbs from John’s, leaving the doctor feeling chilled and vacant. The detective sat at the edge of the couch, yawning widely and rubbing his hands over his shadowed face.
“I don’t know how to incorporate this new knowledge, this whole experience, to catalogue everything and integrate it. I don’t know how to make this part of my history and part of me.” His voice shook, like his hands in his hair, interlaced behind his head which hung low. “Everything was a lie and everything I’ve become, everything I am is a fabrication, layers and layers of false defenses without substance, without a foundation. A shell. I don’t know who I am anymore, John.” His breath came in staccato bursts and his shoulders started to shake. John could no more resist the impulse to take him in his arms than he could stop his own heart from beating.
The week trudged on, filled with surgery shifts for John and settling back in for Sherlock. John stopped by Baker Street a couple of times to check on the progress. It somehow looked remarkably the same—Sherlock (often after soliciting John’s opinion) had chosen much the same furniture and décor. Unbeknownst to John, Sherlock had also added a new feature to the upstairs bedroom--in addition to the bed that would be John’s (should he choose to stay over now and then), he had placed a crib. With Anthea’s help, he had also bought a box of diapers, a diaper pail and wipes. He was barely able to wrap his head around the notion that he had purchased baby items for Baker Street, but he was eager to make staying at Baker Street easy for John and Rosie. He wanted them to feel at home. John had vaulted up the stairs to see his room before Sherlock had a chance to mention any of this to him. Sherlock’s stomach clenched—what if it had been too presumptuous? But when John returned, the broad smile on his face was all the evidence Sherlock needed to know that the effort had been appreciated and well worth it. When John finished making tea, he handed the cup to Sherlock, their fingers momentarily overlapping, leaving Sherlock’s tingling.
“You alright?” John whispered.  Sherlock nodded slowly. His brow was furrowed and he seemed to be formulating a thought. “How long have you been up?”
The sharp morning chill was defenseless against their combined heat beneath the duvet. John slowly filled his lungs with Sherlock scented air and felt moist breath against the back of his neck. He lay close, but not touching. Close enough to know he wasn’t alone, but not close enough to lead to a possibly premature discussion. John turned onto his back and tenderly observed the sleeping detective. Sherlock looked younger in the relaxed lull of sleep. The thought crossed his mind that he felt more comfortable waking next to his friend than he had his wife—but the thought was immediately washed away with a brief wave of guilt. Sherlock, perceptive even in his sleep, slowly opened his eyes to find John’s gaze on him. In a rare, unguarded moment, he smiled a slow, lazy, genuine smile at his doctor. It would have been impossible not to return it, though John didn’t even try to resist. Nor did he try to explain the rays of sunshine that seemed to come from his own chest, radiating heat to every extremity.
“Do you want me to go with you tomorrow? I don’t mind, either way.” John delayed eye contact, taking a deep breath and considering the question. Sherlock didn’t know anyone there and when people brought a guest, it was usually a spouse. It would undoubtedly give people the wrong impression about the two of them. However, he had been finding that he cared less and less about that over the past year. Sherlock was the most important person in his life and what others thought about that was not relevant. Part of him, however, felt like this is something he should do on his own—deal with his own past, be a soldier and stand by his comrades, proud, though sad.
And so they ended up at Baker street, all three—finding a shared routine, of waking and sleeping, investigating and doctoring, caretaking and take-out, arguing and laughing. Though they had their own rooms, the affection remained frequent and easy. A light hand on the back, on a shoulder while passing through the kitchen, the whisper of fingers on mugs, lingering embraces with Rosie between them and molding to each other on the couch as the hour grew late and eyelids dropped low. There were heavy moments, the desire for more thick enough to taste, the air sticking in John’s throat, as he wondered what comes next. He had no doubts about the love he felt for Sherlock, but he had doubts about how much detective wanted from him. Sherlock seemed happy….looked happy. His eye shone, he ate and slept somewhat more regularly (he was still Sherlock) and he was irritable and irascible less often. He rarely went for days on end without speaking and he played gentle, passionate pieces on his violin day and night. John and Rosie had already altered Sherlock’s natural habits so much, that John didn’t want to risk forcing more change on the detective. It wasn’t worth losing everything they’d built—a life that John loved. He let the moments pass and they fell back into their easy rhythm.
“We have reason to celebrate,” he said almost to himself. Sherlock squeezed his hand as they pulled into his driveway.
“I know. You’ve apologized, I accepted, we’ve been over this. But it’s just coming back now because I’m going to a funeral again. God, I hated standing at your grave and yet I kept going back because I just wanted to talk with you. It’s all I wanted, more than anything, just to talk with you one more time.” Sherlock’s heart ached and he swallowed a knot down from his throat into his chest, making it hard to breath. John felt his friend’s breath catching. He turned in his arms, facing him. “I’m sorry. It’s over, I’m not trying to make you feel guilty about it. I’m just…it’s the funeral. It’s bringing it all back.”
“You know what. They were in my pocket and now they’re not. You’ve hidden them again. Or taken them. Tell me you didn’t dispose of them,” he growled, stepping close and glowering at the doctor. John had never feared an angry, blustering Sherlock and wasn’t put off by his attempts at intimidation.
“Sherlock,” John sounded as wrecked as he felt. “If you can’t tell that was more than OK, then your detecting skills have markedly worsened.” Sherlock grinned, touching their lips together again, and then kissing the tip of John’s nose, and his forehead.
He gasped awake, drenched in sweat and adrenaline. His chest was heaving as his body was in a maximal panic state. “No,” he whispered roughly to himself, pressing his palms into his eyelids. “Not real, not real, not real.” Before his mind caught up with his body, his arm reached for his phone on the nightstand and he touched Sherlock’s name on the screen. He picked up on the first ring.
Cold, cold, cold, bitter, freezing, icy cold snuck into the cracks between my gloves and my sleeves, penetrating my skin, my blood, my bones. The stench of stale hay and manure saturated my matted hair and filthy clothing. I had been here three nights waiting for the man to return to this god-forsaken abandoned barn in this god-forsaken frozen wasteland of a country. My breath was suspended in frozen clouds before me and I wasn’t even certain I could pull the trigger of my weapon should the cretin ever turn up again. My fingers throbbed and my toes were completely numb. I closed my eyes and drifted to Baker Street, sitting by a warm, glowing fire with John….John…Christ, I miss John….no, I can’t go there or I’ll be lost. I can’t be distracted by sentiment, I have to remain alert….
“What?!” The sight that greeted him, however, gave him a moment’s pause. Sherlock had removed his coat and shoes and stood atop the coffee table, hands on hips, head swiveling around, looking for all previously unseen, surreptitious stashes of cigarettes. He looked like a greek statue, a paragon of beauty in his elegantly tailored, slim trousers, curls tousled, with a pink tinge of pique to his cheeks. For brief spell, John forgot to breathe.
“John. We have everything,” Sherlock’s tone was soothing, rather than annoyed, though he had every right to be. The tension and sadness was heavy in John’s limbs and he was stalling—unsure whether he even wanted to do this. His omniscient friend placed a hand on his upper arm and met his worried, frazzled gaze. “We’re ready. You are ready.” John filled his lungs with the last bit of 221B before nodding and offering a small grateful smile.
“Nope, you’re too tall for it. You need real sleep in a real bed. This one is big enough for both of us.”  He brought him to the edge of the bed, and instructed him to take off his trousers and shirt. Once again, he wordlessly complied, revealing how truly exhausted he must be. John slid in the other side of the bed and turned off the light. His friend was already snoring again. The relief that filled John allowed him to relax as he drifted off to the steady sounds of Sherlock’s breath.
“I don’t know what to do with this, John. It’s telling me that I just need one hit. That’s it, I can stop after one. But I know I won’t. And I can’t, I can’t use, I can’t lose you and Rosie again.”
“Always. I want you here always.” John stilled, hope blooming in his chest, radiating, pulsing and then he fell forward into his flatmate’s arms, wrapping his own around the thin man’s waist and clinging tightly to him. He felt the detective take a deep breath, and relax into their embrace, tension falling away, his face pressed against the top of John’s head. When he murmured into John’s ear, his voice was a deep rumble,
“Oh, you’re welcome,” John smiled and glanced at him from the corner of his eye as he took Rosie into the bathroom. Sherlock couldn’t account for the butterflies tickling the inside of his ribs at his friend’s glance. He followed them into the bathroom as if drawn by a magnet. The detective leaned in the doorway, relaxed, a soft curve to his lips, watching as John gently bathed his daughter, talked to his daughter, played with her. Rosie caught Sherlock’s eye and he made a face at her that precipitated a round of squeals and splashing that soaked John. John’s laughter was contagious as he protested and pulled his dripping wet girl out of the tub and placed her in the towel Sherlock had spread on his own arms, ready to receive. Bundled and sweet smelling, they both took her upstairs for bed. Sherlock sat on John’s bed, back against the headboard, while John read Rosie a bedtime story and he continued to lie patiently while John gave her a bottle and rocked her to sleep. John shot his friend a curious look—it was atypical for him to linger for so much of the bedtime routine. John would never use the word ‘clingy’ to describe Sherlock, but this would be Sherlock’s version of it. As John lay Rosie into the crib, Sherlock snuck out of the room and down the stairs. He picked up his instrument and proceeded to play a soft piece while John listened peacefully from his armchair, absorbed in the melody. When he finished, John gazed at him speculatively. Something was on his friend’s mind—and heart.
“I know you didn’t sign up for this, Sherlock, for raising a child, for housing a broken soldier and his broken life—” The detective lifted his hand and gently placed the pad of his thumb against  John’s lips, stopping his monologue. His fingers then drifted, feather-light over the doctor’s jaw.
“Ok,“ he nodded, climbing under the covers on the opposite side of the bed. They lay facing one another. It didn’t take but a few moments before John was snoring lightly, once again. Sherlock tried to rest but he ruminated, his mind spinning over and over the events of the day. Their hands were mere inches apart. Sherlock gently covered John’s with his own, hoping it wouldn’t wake him. He took deep, even breaths, trying to block out the day’s events and focusing instead on the sensation of John’s warm skin against his own, the gentle rhythmic lull of his breath, the sensation of the duvet weighing on his body. John turned his hand over in his sleep, clasping Sherlock’s. Finally, the detective succumbed to Morpheus.
“I struggled with nightmares of—well, you’ve seen my back. That was part of it. A lot happened while I was gone. I had flashbacks at first, I was on edge all the time. While you were busy with—” my throat closed involuntarily, stopping my words as I flailed for control, refusing to cry now. I was over it, I had spent hours processing it with a therapist, it no longer had power over me.
“There’s no need for you to be lonely. Stay.” Sherlock looked up at him from beneath his lashes, without lifting his head. The look bordered dangerously on flirtatious, though John was certain Sherlock had not intended it to be so. Regardless, the man was bloody beautiful and the intensity in those verdigris pools framed by dark lashes unsettled John. He quickly lifted his mug to his lips, feeling a tingling in his fingertips and pleading with his circulation not to rush to his cheeks. He took an unnecessarily long sip of tea. Sherlock looked up fully this time, narrowing his eyes, looking curious. John cleared his throat.
“Let’s do it,“ Sherlock gently persisted, reading John’s thoughts, as usual. “You’ll regret not going. And my parents really only care to see Rosie. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but older generations in the presence of grandchildren see and hear little else. They’ll have no expectations of you or your time.” The doctor wiped his sleeve over his face, clearing the tear tracks and his nose. He looked up to meet his friend’s earnest gaze. Sherlock really wanted to do this for him. He didn’t miss that Sherlock had just referred to Rosie as his parents’ grandchild, and it sparked a warm glow inside him. He nodded, again, smiling a true smile that was mirrored in Sherlock’s eyes. He took his friend’s hand and squeezed.
When an aromatic bag of food showed up at the front door, Sherlock actually perked up a bit and went to the kitchen to help John. They sat on the couch with full plates and John turned on the TV. Sherlock finished about a quarter of his plate—which was about what he ate on an average day—before stretching out on the couch, legs draped over John’s lap. John gave his feet a reassuring squeeze, rubbing soothing circles on his shins.
“Right,” the detective leaned into John’s forehead, working on slowing his rapid pulse. “I never imagined this was where our first kiss would happen,“ he admitted with a smile. John grinned.
“No! Don’t you ever say that, Sherlock. She made the sacrifice, she made the choice. It was what she wanted. I was so, so wrong a year ago, the way I spoke to you, the way I treated you.” He leaned his forehead against his friend’s as he took steadying breaths and struggled for some control. His grip relaxed and his thumb caressed Sherlock’s temples. “We cannot change anything that has happened and I don’t know that I would even want to.” His pulls back and his eyes met Sherlock’s shocked gaze. “I can’t tell you how many times I’ve thought about that, Sherlock. The unanswerable question, the impossible scenario. If I could go back and choose…but I didn’t have that choice. Neither of us did. That’s how life works. All I know now is that you are precious to me. I choose you, now. I want you in my life and in Rosie’s life. You cannot leave, Sherlock, you can never leave me again. You can’t leave us. Do you understand that?” Raw sentiment turned John’s voice to gravel, but the words were anesthetic for Sherlock’s heart. He closed his eyes against his own flood of tears.
“Holmes, Sherlock Holmes, where is he?” She looked up at him, who-do-you-think-you-are indignant, but then her shuttered face abruptly broke into an incongruous smile, obviously recognizing him.
“Good,” John answered, feeling breathless and inarticulate with emotion, “Yes.” He closed his eyes briefly, overwhelmed, his mind whirling. Sherlock stilled, hoping this wasn’t too much, that he wasn’t ruining this precious thing that they were cultivating.
“Yes. I wanted to be…..I wanted to be whole and healthy, in case you and Rosie…if you wanted….well, I just wanted to get sober and be there for you and Rosie, if you let me.”
“Sherlock, come on, come to bed,” he said gently, touching his arm. Sherlock moaned in reply. Gently, John pulled him up, supporting him around his waist and taking him to his bedroom.
“Yes, yes. God, yes,“ he said passionately. “Let’s go home.” He slid his hands down into Sherlock’s, intertwining their fingers and pulling him across the cemetery toward the car.
“I have no idea how you know that,“ he murmured, returning to pouring the coffee. He set a mug in front of Sherlock and sat across from him. “Sherlock—“ he started, sounding hesitant. His friend’s eyes flicked up nervously from the paper, painfully aware of the sudden change in John’s tone. Perhaps he regretted letting Sherlock stay in his room last night. Perhaps he was going to tell him that this really wasn’t going to work out, spending so much time at Baker Street.
“I know, Sherlock,” he whispered. “You’re everything to me, too.” As if drawn by planetary magnetism and inevitability, John tilted his head up and reached even higher, gently placing his lips against the angle of his friend’s jaw. He felt Sherlock take an abrupt, deep breath as long pale fingers clenched his own tightly.
Slowly, over the course of the next a couple weeks, all of John and Rosie’s belongings migrated to Baker St. At Sherlock’s request, Mycroft supplied John with a realtor to help him sell his flat and in the following months, they fell into a new rhythm of working and cases and day care. Mrs. Hudson was ecstatic about the new arrangement, visiting often with sweets and offering to watch Rosie any time (any time at all, boys!). John was finding that having a second person to help with Rosie was an immense relief. He was able to relax more and sleep more. Since Sherlock rarely slept himself, he was often up to soothe Rosie back to sleep during the night. As a result, over the course of months, their sleeping arrangements became completely fluid and interchangeable. If Sherlock planned to be up all night anyway, he kept the baby monitor with him in the sitting room John took the opportunity to get a full night of sleep in Sherlock’s bed, and then Sherlock would end up with Rosie in John’s room. Sometimes John shuffled, bleary eyed into the sitting room to the heart-melting scene of his daughter sound asleep against his best friend’s chest as Sherlock texted, read or snored himself. And sometimes (just sometimes) John and Sherlock ended up in the same bed (somehow), whether it made sense or not, and no one complained about it. Shoes were removed and blankets thrown over each other, wherever they lay. And, sometimes, they woke up pressed against each other, an arm thrown over with the blanket—and no one complained. Sometimes, when the detective had been awake for 3 days on a case and was literally falling asleep standing up, John pulled him onto the couch, tucking him into his shoulder or laying him into his lap. There was the occasional nightmare on either side, ending with cups of tea in the thick of night in the sitting room or sometimes slipping into the warmth of the sheets and breathing in their scent and allowing soothing touch until sleep was reclaimed. They were both well aware of the uniqueness of their arrangement, but neither felt the need to change it or to risk it by making a comment. Their rhythms settled, and they lived like a family.
“I’ve wanted this for so long,” he confessed in a whisper into John’s hair. The doctor’s arms tightened around him.
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock felt something release that allowed him to breathe again. It felt like trust. “Try to get some sleep,“  he whispered and started to move away. John’s arms remained locked on his.
“No, he wasn’t invited. He’s out of the country anyway.” John breathed a small sigh of relief as he slid past Sherlock into his window seat. He wasn’t sure he would be up to the verbal tennis and mental chess that all Holmeses engaged in when Mycroft was around. “It’s just us,” Sherlock finished quietly, somehow making those three words sound intimate despite averting his gaze to the passing countryside.
It was 4am when Sherlock was woken from his very light sleep by the sound of moans. He jumped from his bed immediately, knowing that John was having a nightmare. He had estimated an increased likelihood of nightmares based on the very reason for the weekend visit. He knew that John would be thinking more about his wartime experiences and he was also aware that the last funeral John attended was Sherlock’s own. Though John’s nightmares were now infrequent, about fifty percent of the time, they seemed to be about Sherlock’s fall. The thought filled the detective with remorse and guilt, but all he could do now is be as consistently present as possible and try to comfort John when he woke. He knew that John would be mortified if he thought he had woken Sherlock’s parents with his dreams, so the detective slipped into John’s room to wake him. He found his friend restlessly moving, the sheets in tangled clumps. Sherlock slipped in beside him, gently running his fingers through John’s hair and whispering his name.
John wasn’t certain what woke him in the pre-dawn hours. The bed felt empty and his hand met cold sheets where Sherlock had lain. A twinge of anxiety crept into his chest as he grabbed his robe and left the room. After quickly surveying the living room and then peeking out the front window to see if he had stepped out for a smoke, John’s fear was skyrocketing. Then, he remembered the final room he had yet to check. The door to Rosie’s room was ajar and Sherlock sat in the rocking chair next to her crib. He was gazing softly at John’s daughter, looking up slowly when John walked in. The expression in his friend’s eyes was unfathomable.
“OK?” John asked, leaning back slightly to look into his detective’s eyes, but they were closed against the onslaught of sensation and emotion. “Hey, is this ok?” he repeated the question, running his thumbs over Sherlock’s, resisting the powerful pull to drag his lips against every inch of his friend’s long neck unless he was certain it was welcome. Sherlock finally opened his eyes and they were a tumultuous sea of desire and fear.
Wrapping his dressing gown about himself, Sherlock stood and leaned over the sink for a moment. The doctor got up from his knees, his hand automatically resting against the small of Sherlock's back.
"Is that such a good idea?" John had countered. "To taunt someone who has killed four people by basically becoming the mouse and saying 'Here, kitty kitty'?"
Their daily lives hadn't changed at all. Sherlock couldn't acknowledge that he knew about the dreams, and John was as good at hiding his secret desires as anything. It still surprised Sherlock each time he'd come into his dream body and find himself being fucked so hard he'd feel it for days after waking.
He shook his head, but barely. He found it hard to move, afraid the other man was going to disappear.
"I'm sure you're going to tell me how you know that," John said. He didn't mean it in poor spirit. When the other man stood from his desk and walked around it, John nearly braced himself for the flood of words he was expecting.
It’s hot and moderately humid in my hand, very clearly interested in the proceedings even if John isn’t quite sure what’s gotten into me.
John scooped a pile of scrambled eggs onto a plate and set it down on top of Sherlock's notebook. He kissed the side of his curly head and handed him a fork.
“The sooner you go to bed, the sooner you get to open your presents in the morning.” John reaches for the footed pyjamas. “But first, let’s get you dressed and those curls brushed. Then maybe your father will read you a Christmas story.”
He was carrying Sherlock’s coat and scarf draped over one arm, silently musing at how heavy the damned thing was when a sleek, black town car pulled up beside him. John barely had time to watch his sigh evaporate into the air before the door was opened for him and he was ushered inside by Anthea, who never even bothered to look up from her phone. She could've been picking up a John Watson doppelgänger and she'd never know.
John Watson will readily admit that he has always rated his performance in bed based on the sounds of his partner.
She clicked her tongue at him, giving him a sympathetic glace. “Maybe a bit before that would’ve been more appropriate than when he showed up at your door.”
His hand was working a slow, steady rhythm in time with the girl on the screen as his cock hardened to full length. He let his head fall back against the wall, closing his eyes and listening to the happy moans of the woman he imagined was running her tongue along the underside of his prick before rubbing her wet lips against the head.
Sherlock approached the entrance, making no attempt to conceal himself; he wasn’t under any delusion that Simon wouldn’t have the entire area around his bolt hole surveilled, already aware that he and Andi were there. He was also quite certain he had correctly deduced the location of Simon’s hideout—an abandoned building strategically located near his hunting ground, the Ram’s Head. Sherlock’s confirmation came via text as he picked the lock on the door.
Ha!  I am brilliant!  I am already accomplishing Step 1 within moments of implementation!  He will need to change into his shirt and jeans and I will be able to see the object of my fascination in the process.  Whilst he is in the process of changing, I will dash off the bed, touch his back and dash back to where I sit.  He will be none the wiser.
Twenty minutes later Sherlock and John stood on their second roof that day.   Unlike St. Bart’s, the roof angled steeply, but the eaves along the bottom of its slope provided a path wide enough to walk safely as long as they watched their step.
She silently cursed him as he peeled out of the drive, leaving her stranded miles from civilization.
“Be it proclaimed on this day that William, Earl of St Albans, by authority of His Royal Highness, King of England, clears, without prejudice, all charges against Sherlock of Leith.” Turning to Sherlock, the Crier told him, “You be a free man.”
reason?  Despite his vast personal resources, he was at a loss to think of even one.  The only reasonable explanation would be if he cared what people thought.  Or if John cared.   He knew neither of these possibilities to be true.
No, John didn’t leave London because he didn’t care about Sherlock, but because he did.  He cared about Sherlock too much to enter a relationship half-arsed, to go in half a man.  And he couldn’t bear what it would do to Sherlock if ‘they’ didn’t work.  No, better to heal himself first so he could give
He took a fortifying breath and went on.  “When you died, it was hard… yes.  Very.  Seeing Ella got me through it.  Life became…if not good again, at least tolerable.  Then…then I met Mary.  I loved her Sherlock, I truly did.  Not in the ‘soaring over the moon’ kind of way, but it was comfortable and easy, and she made me laugh; she made me feel alive again.  I knew I’d found a good thing and thought, you know, ‘this is meant to be.’
I am not tired, but I pull his shirt down and his bottoms back up to cover him, and bring the blanket from the bottom of the bed and pull it over us both.
“Well, why did ya not say?”  Adam set tongs down and wiped his hands on the cloth hanging from his waist.
I jerk up to my full height and thrust my shoulders back in determination. I must not be deterred from my mission, no matter what devious methods he uses to distract me.
A half mile, 37 strip club flyers (thankfully none for men’s club, John is allowed to look at no one but ME!), and one daiquiri later, I burp; my hand flying to my mouth.  How uncouth. “That was good; I want another.”
Sherlock found the offending wound on John’s left shoulder, his fingers leaving John’s body with viscous fluid.  Could only be blood.
As Sir John trotted Jocelyn past them, "Come", he said. "Cedric, Aldus, ride on either side of me. Sherlock, Eduard, take the rear. I do not know if we will find trouble, but I do not want you to be engaged in a fight unless necessary." He looked back, seeking Sherlock's face. To assure himself Sherlock would follow his lead; his life may depend on it. But all he saw was a dark shadow where his face should be, the thick hood shrouding it.
“This is what I want you to do, John,” Sherlock said in the hallway, out of the earshot of the others in the house, the Christmas music helping to disguise their hushed words.
He had to be. He wouldn’t let John be kidnapped without doing everything he could to get him home safely. And after all, she was the one who had told him not to be impulsive.
He wanted to admonish himself, his reputation as a dignified Knight would be in danger were he to continue tittering like a maiden ogling a handsome young man, but he could not.  In love he was, and nothing could pop the bubbles of happiness floating around inside of him.
On one particular morning, my chest pressed against my husband’s back and my hand on his hip, I listened to him sleep, felt the steady, gentle rhythm of his heart beating against me.  Pressing my lips to his shoulder, I pulled the sheet back up to cover him, loathe to leave his side.  But I knew I must do so else I was in danger of falling back asleep, and that I
convincing.”  Looking at the joy on my husband’s face, I cannot stay angry; after all, his happiness is all I need to make me happy. “But why did you keep going along when you knew what I was up to?”
As the squires’ footsteps clattered down the stairs, the room grew quiet but for the butcher calling to passersby in the street, the sound of John’s heels hitting the floor as he gathered dry twigs, adding them to the kindling. Lighting a patch of straw he clutched in his hand, he threw it on the wood in the hearth and knelt down to puff it into a small blaze. Dusting his knees off as he rose, with a smile he faced Sherlock.
Setting down the sack, Sherlock walks over to where I’m rooted to the spot, his eyes softening, a smile settling on his mouth.  I stare into his face, his beautiful, beautiful face, hypnotised, unsure how one person can make me both so happy and crazy at the same time.
“Good on you.” Used to the almost daily outbursts, occurring as if a powerful spotlight had flipped on in Sherlock’s brain, John finished sipping his tea and set the cup down.
“Hold her for me. I’ll be there by dawn. And if you haven’t already, arrange for Mycroft to get the CCTV tapes, inside and out. We need to know who’s been in and out of the morgue. Have you got that?”
“We be going out,” Colin said.  “I see you have money, and we have things to buy.”  He brushed past Sherlock and out the door.
Hearing an eruption of laughter, Sherlock didn’t have to look up to know it came from Andi. And when a roomful of people started staring at her, she stopped laughing as abruptly as she had begun, resuming the catatonic stare at her mobile.
“Sir John?  Oh, aye. Why need you know about him?  One of his squires came to my home Sunday.  Bit odd, that, but the squire said Sir John be in need of immediate assistance.  How could I say no to a knight?  He said they were off to London they were, for the tournament.  Now let us see to that horse.”
John and Sherlock sat alone in the far corner of the room.  In part so Sherlock would not be troubled by tedious conversations, but also so they could hold hands under the table, hiding them from prying eyes.  As much as Sherlock enjoyed teasing John about his romantic bent, Sherlock had been moved by the ceremony and stayed as close to John as could be deemed proper.
“Do not be fooled by how he looks or by what he says, he is not going to announce his intentions.  Killers lurk in the dark of night; hide their evil spirits, they do.  And you have not the experience I have.  When you have more time in the world, you will see.  Will be as obvious as the nose on your face.”
Dropping his head against the chair back and closing his eyes, John let his body wilt. What a fuck-all the day was ending on; he wasn’t quite sure he could be any more useless. Between Geoff cautioning him that he wasn’t strong enough yet to go “traipsing” about the city after the demanding day he’d had and Sherlock chiming in that John would be recognized by Simon, John had acquiesced to staying behind, grumbling that if it hadn’t been for him, they wouldn’t even know about Simon.
You would have been as taken aback as I, seeing Mr. Holmes walk through the door. As I have said, I know nothing of him personally, but from what I
“And so? I could have gone to supper.” John challenged, unsure if he were up to listening to how Sherlock determined his whereabouts. Twas as if were a tracked animal, but he
“Why are we stopping in Cardiff on the way to the cottage?   And why are you being so mysterious about it?”
“His name is Leonid Shikov, a Russian spy I recognized from when I infiltrated the Serbian prison in which you were held.  From the intelligence I collected, his orders instructed him to, and I quote, ‘capture and neutralize Sherlock Holmes’.  Once we extracted you and you…’resurrected’ yourself here in London, he followed, staying underground all this time.  Why, I don’t know.  Today, when I was dining with your Lestrade and the Communications Minister, he sat at a nearby table.”
try to get in the way of your thinking; I know how important it is to you.  And if we work on it together,
John has stood up and now leans up to my ear to whisper the rest of his ‘want’.  I blush, ruing the fact there is no coat with which to hide my stiffening penis; linen is far too light a fabric to conceal
Pulling the bow off and ripping the paper away, he exposes a small cigar box.  He throws his head back and laughs.
knees sag.  I still have so much to learn about kissing; I shall enjoy the instruction.  With immense pleasure.
sorry.  I shouldn’t have said that to you…and I promise never to do it again.”  I don’t add to my apology, knowing there is nothing I can say that will take back the terrible thing I just did.
“Sir John!  Tis me, Cedric!”  Cedric threw his hands up into the air, tipping his head back to create more space between him and the deadly weapon.
I beam with pride; I can hear the applause as I accept my award for Most Clever Actor.  Thank you!  Thank you!  (I know most would not think I know of such a triviality as a BAFTA , but many years ago Mrs. Hudson started dragging us to her flat for BAFTA parties.  She said it reminded her of her younger days when she was a starlet; in what kind of films I have never dared to ask.)
You know?!  Why did you not tell me?  Why did you not shoo me away and tell me never to touch you there again?
Cedric picked up the knife John had dropped and, in quick order, finished skinning the fresh game.  A whittled stick, sturdy enough to hold it over the fire, pierced the animal from end to end.  “Ready for roasting,”   Cedric said, holding it up to regard his handiwork.
He has suffered, in silence, deaths and unrequited love and all myriad of other troubles and challenges life has thrown at him, yet he carries himself with quiet dignity, rarely hinting at anything that bothers him.  He is still is able to love so completely.  Whilst I do not think it useful to deduce
John lunged at Colin, fisting Colin’s cloak in his hands.  Pulling him up short and yelling into his face.
“How very excited you must be, John.  Congratulations!”  Mycroft beams as if the impending arrival is his own progeny.
“At the age of 58 you said the words ‘I love you’ to John Watson, at great discomfort to you as you were never a man given to verbal affection.  It was one of the happiest moments of his life.
As John continued massaging up and down Sherlock’s spine, he knew Sherlock was aware he was looking at the scars, absorbing their meaning one more time.  He could almost hear the words Sherlock’s eyes spoke, ‘I did it for you and I have no regrets.  Anything for you, John.  Anything.’
John tore his way through the great throng of bodies.  His shoulders, his elbows, his hands.  Pushing, pulling, butting.  He used whatever tactics needed to get as close as he could to the gallows.  To get as close as possible to Sherlock.
Just as planned, John hurriedly dismounted and ran to rescue Sherlock from Aldus.  Sherlock bit back his smile at his own cunning.
“Did I say anything else?” Sherlock asked casually, not wanting to alert John to the fact that he was mortified to have expressed his affection aloud, however unintentionally.
Feeling uncomfortable sitting on the bed while Mary was in the room, Sherlock moved to the armchair near where she sat and rocked, her eyes following him.  Taking a tissue from the box, she blew her nose noisily, turning her eyes down in embarrassment at her display of emotion.
Giving the sword to Sherlock, Aldus judged Sherlock’s stance with a keen eye.  “Your feet, they need to be shoulder width apart. Yes, that be good.  And keep your elbows in.”  When Sherlock’s elbows did not move, Aldus pushed them to his body, holding them to keep them from springing back out.  “There, that be good.  Now bring your-”
John has become almost impossible to hear, as if he is talking to himself.   I could kick myself.  I did not mean to make him sad on one of the happiest days of his life.
His left hand knitted with mine, he kisses my fingers for good measure.  Tilting his head toward the bedroom as if asking a question, I smile in answer.  Yes.  Yes to everything, if it is with You.
“How do you know me?” Sherlock asked with narrowed eyes, feeling compelled to be near this man at least a few minutes more.  “Have we met before?”
John relaxed, his body going limp in surrender.  Twould do no good to wake his squires, and twould be the only way to get Sherlock out of his bed.  His
Sherlock stepped out onto the stoop, glancing around to see who had brought the dog and seeing no one. “Dogs don’t ring bells.”
“‘How’ is the more accurate question.” He drew an invisible line in the air above James’s neck. “The amputation left a relatively clean edge, making it appear our thief was well prepared, perhaps bringing their own instrument. Or was one of yours used?”
His voice gentle, his hand on my chest now caressing me, he says, “Oh, sweetheart, you don’t get it do you?  But how could you?  This is all so new to you.  So let me tell you.  It’s
“I can live with that.” Andi moved behind him and uncuffed him, a gesture of goodwill. But leaning up to his ear, she whispered, “Don’t run off and make a fool of me, okay?”
“Mum was an alcoholic as long as I can remember; I don’t ever remember seeing her totally sober since I was a small child.  It drove Dad away, leaving Harry and me alone with her.  We would come home from school and she would be laying on the sofa, passed out, an empty bottle on the floor beside her.  Those were the easiest times.  When she was awake, she was every child’s worst nightmare.  She wasn’t physically abusive, but no one should treat a child the way she did.  It was like we were the demons she was trying to rid from inside herself.”
Twas early yet, but the merchants had opened their doors, preparing for the busy market day to come.  Calling out to John as he passed them they entreated he peruse their wares, hopeful for their first sale of the day, but John did not hear them.
Yesterday’s prison break had been the worst fiasco he had dealt with in his career.  It took all of his staff, including those he called in on their day off, to round up the dozens of escaped prisoners.  All had been re-captured.  All except John Watson and a mysterious prisoner by the name of Scott McGuire.  Unfortunately, along with the CCTVs going bust, recent videos and prisoner photos had been destroyed, so there was no visual record of McGuire.  Witnesses described McGuire as tall, ginger-haired, and green-eyed with cheekbones like Tom Hiddleston’s.  Whoever
She would have looked out of place in the small village no more than a few kilometers outside of London proper, but the driver, who had brought them in a car chosen specifically for its ability to blend in with the sensibilities of the locals, had parked in the back of the house.  Even in her jeans, Wellington boots, and pea coat, anyone seeing her would have known she was a city dweller; no one else in the village shared the luxuries of finely manicured nails, skin moisturized by top of the line cosmetics, and expensively, yet naturally styled hair.
“I be pleased to hear that not only does thou agree with me, but that thou wholeheartedly supports me.”
I calm.  Though I may not at this moment agree with all his words, I know he believes them; that is enough for me.
Looking down at him a smile slowly comes to my lips.  Marry John.  Definitely something worthy of consideration.
“I do not remember,” I shrug.  “As long as I do not, it is of no importance.”  I am chastened by the ache I see on his face. I am wrong; it may not be of importance to me, but it matters to him.
“Yeah,” John said, his arms now folded snugly against his abdomen as he wondered where the hell Sherlock was going with this.
“Yes, you’re my date.  Of course, you are.  But could you keep your voice down please.  The whole world doesn’t need to know that, at least not until I’ve told Katie.”
Letting go, I move toward the kitchen, “Chamomile or Earl Grey?” I ask, not waiting for answer.  I need to fix John.
“He had news of my father.”  Sherlock picked through Gareth’s wet garments, flipping open his cloak, digging in and around the fabrics covering his body.
In the time it took the sharp report of the gun to die to a small echo in the distance, John Watson made a decision that would have lasting repercussions in every facet of his life, from the fate of his marriage to the path the life of his unborn child would take.
I feel his skin on my fingers.  It is extra warm where the heating pad has been.  I do not move.  I cannot.  Just the feel of him beneath me sends me orbiting around the earth; I wonder if I will make it back to solid ground.
Sherlock.  I’m sorry, so sorry, I thought I could do it by myself, but I can’t.  I miss you so much and I just can’t do this without you.”
Sherlock searched Colin’s face for disgust or judgment, seeing neither.  Colin’s face be open and sincere, as if, for some reason, he cared about Sherlock’s predicament.
“Look, John. Someone with your name is going to be here today for a book signing.  And he is a doctor, too.  What are the chances…”
Sherlock whipped his head toward him, eyes blazing with excitement. "John! I think I've got it! Come stand over here so I can demonstrate." He practically danced in glee at nearly solving the case.
Sherlock processed this information.  “Why would he come out of hiding after all this time? Who was he with?” Adding drily, “I assume it would be safe to say you had a part in his visit to the morgue.
“Two million pounds,” Nika repeated in her resolve to get what she wanted. “And I need a new name. You’ve done it before; you can do it again.”
“Are you all right,” Mary asked, the concern in her voice now recognizable to Sherlock as the hollow façade he should have always known it was.
“When Cedric hears thou be confirmed to joust, he will be doubtful because of your injury, but he will hope for you to show yourself.  He will go to the tournament to see thee, because he loves thee.  Tis a twisted and mad love, to be true, but tis an emotion that he recognises to be love.”
“Your other lovers.  Though, given your age and presumed diminished stamina, I may be overstating your ability to keep up with more than one.  One other than me, I mean.  So who is he?  Or perhaps I should say ‘she’?”
“Did you see him? Did you see which way he went?” Sherlock’s urgency startled the woman into clutching her bag to her body.
Sherlock shook his head, perplexed.  “I did, John.  He was barely a metre away from me.  But moments ago, at Mycroft’s prompting, I turned on the telly.  Apparently the same image of him and his message are broadcast simultaneously on all the tellies and computer monitors in Britain.”
Normally I would not entertain such a ridiculous proposition.  It was highly unusual and the added inconvenience of being away from my own flat, and my beloved London, for such a period of time did not appeal to me. If it were not for the fact the ghost was purportedly the spirit of Zacharias Janssen, the inventor of the microscope, I would not have given it a second thought.  I felt a great need to share with Mr. Janssen his miscalculations. Yes, he created a fine instrument, but with a few minor adjustments at its inception, several major plagues could have been avoided.
So deeply absorbed was he in his thoughts, Sherlock’s horse would have butted the flank of John’s had the horse not had the good sense to stop when it did. Jolted back to his surroundings, Sherlock saw they had reached the bridge crossing into town. They had arrived unscathed, no sign of Merek and Henry. Ha! Just as he thought, they were too cowardly to take on Sir John and his squires.
“Can they?” John asked coolly, hoping to hell his face didn’t reveal how much the thought rocked him.
I have broken Year 4 into two parts, there was far too much content to fit it into one.  My little brain started to hurt!
“I don’t know what kind of game you’re playing,” Sherlock growled, “but I want no part of it. Go back to wherever you came from.”
The answer mattered not to John, for were he to die at that very moment, he knew he could not ask for a more rapturous way to leave this life.
“I do not want to see just anyone, John; I want Dr. Hussein in Cardiff.  You know how particular I am.”  Picking up John’s bag, I push it at him until he takes it.  I wrinkle my face to show him how much discomfort I am in, amazed at how easily deception has come back to me.  Why I should be surprised, I do not know.  Never has there been anything I could not accomplish once I put my incomparable mind to it.
Which is where the pyjamas come in. Hamish loves footed jim-jams. And he whole-heartedly believes in Father Christmas.
"They're so touchingly loyal," Moriarty said, his face centimeters from John's when he turned. John could feel the man's breath on his face and pulled him away to one side, putting a distance there.
John found that he was having a hard time keeping the awestruck look off his face as the curly-haired man seemed to preen about the lab. There was something about Stamford’s smirk that made John feel like there was a joke being played on him--how could he be expected to keep up with this bloke?
dreams made John feel when he woke up. Did he wonder why he hadn't dreamed of his flatmate or did he just curse his sister and carry on?
Without thinking, John gasped out his own name, ignoring the fact that he'd just told a stranger his first name entirely out of fear that he'd stop stroking his cock so expertly if he didn't. He was too tired; he was losing control of himself and giving it all over to his stranger, just wanting him to continue those perfect pulls.
“Tell me how that feels,” John said, his voice low and husky. His eyes were trained on the three fingers Sherlock now had moving in and out, shameless. “Filling you up good?”
Inch by glorious inch, John stretched him from the inside out. Sherlock could hear him breathing, could feel the familiar fingers gripping at his hip, pulling him back as the older man moved forward. The stinging from his spanks amplified his sensitivity, and once John was completely seated inside Sherlock's body, the hands on his hips trailed down to his cheeks to knead them further apart.
“No.” The word was more forceful than John meant for it to be and he softened his tone before continuing, “No, Sherlock, you are not apologizing right now. Don’t ever apologize for this.”
John reaches out, offering the tea. When Sherlock accepts it, the doctor settles onto the couch, wiggling his toes so they’re warm under his lover’s thighs. “You know how excited Hamish will be to see Father Christmas again. This is the first year he really understands it. He's got the holiday spirit.”
A moan slipped from his lips and John grabbed at the wall with open palms, sliding his hands along the uneven wood as the mouth on the other side set to work without pause.
The nurse gestured toward an examination room, which Sherlock entered, and John followed, finding the doctor waiting for them.
Did he really want to stuff his hand down his pajama bottoms and imagine a man's mouth around his cock? He was sure it was something he'd be able to differentiate; he wouldn't be able to pretend there was a woman on the other side, all soft curves and pink lips. Could he?
The afternoon is stifling in a musty, boring sort of way—not necessarily hot, but it’s certainly stuffier in here than I’d normally prefer. Nothing seems destined to satisfy me today as I volley between my experiments, sulking on the sofa, and back again. I’ve shut the windows to drown out the sounds of the city outside, the bustling hum of London reminding me that people are going on with their day-to-day minutiae rather than committing interesting crimes.
“I haven’t seen a bit of your skin since the day you had me take those photos for you,” John said, staring into that squinty blue eye. “I think you decided that you didn’t like the way your body was changing and you decided for me that I didn’t like it either--which is rubbish, Sherlock. And I’ve figured out what you’re doing.”
“You said you came here prepared to meet a potential step-child. You knew where this relationship was heading, even despite the early stages, and you were prepared to raise another Alpha’s child as your own. But she’s not--she’s not another Alpha’s child, John.”
When there was no answer, he didn’t knock again, but he tested the knob. When Sherlock truly didn’t want to be disturbed, he tended to lock the door, or at least put something heavy in front of it to let John know not to come in. But there he was, spread out in the center of the bed, eyes closed, still wearing his suit.
John pours tea, one cup. Cream, no sugar. Took eight months to not pour a second cup, even after he was out of Baker Street. Looks at the detective’s reflection again and notes his thin frame, almost gaunt features. Deteriorating.
That had been nearly three weeks ago and Sherlock’s mind was still buzzing from the desire it had lit inside of him. Where once the two men had been comfortable around each other, now the sexual tension had driven an almost physical wedge between them. Sherlock knew when John fantasized about him (most mornings in the shower, sometimes in the evening after he’d gone to bed), but he didn’t know if those fantasies matched his own. His inability to read John’s fantasies on his features was driving Sherlock semi-mad with want.
“Are you sure that’s--” Sherlock bit his lip when John’s teeth grazed over his collarbone. John touched his lips to the center of the other man’s chest, just above his heart as Sherlock took a deep breath. “Are you sure that’s a good idea? I thought you preferred--”
“You’re going to be the death of me,” he declares as I push myself to standing. I ignore the creakiness in my knees from my two stints on the floor this afternoon, and crawl back into his lap, letting his cock settle between my still-wet arse cheeks. His hands do a synchronized once-over up and down my flank before he curves them around my hips to grip my buttocks, spreading the cheeks and giving them a deep massage. “Thankfully,” he adds, looking down at where he is completely clothed and I’m bare to the world, “I’m already dressed for my funeral.”
, a prostitute. How on earth could they even come to that conclusion? Sherlock has half a virgin when they met, for Christ’s sake. “What makes that even a
and he was just about to think about how Sherlock was a lucky bastard that he could ignore his body's pain signals--but before he could spare another thought, Sherlock drew back barely an inch from where they’d simply been breathing together, mouth falling open in a quiet
“Mr. Watson, my name is Evan and I’m the night manager here.” The manager offered his hand, which John refused with a small shake of his head. Wouldn’t want to
and the scent in the room had amplified into a mixture of their natural pheromones. It had been nearly eight years since Sherlock had last let himself have this.
He had only ever been truly willing to share his space with one person, and that person was, unfortunately, the one person whose dreams Sherlock never wanted to encounter.
Finally, Sherlock's position mirrored what John had done to him earlier. Nose pressed to groin, John's fingers tightened in his curls and Sherlock relaxed his jaw. This was so much easier in dreams; the entire reason for false expectations in the light of day, but fuck all if it wasn't hot to feel the tip of that cock against the back of his throat.
Neither of them expect him to tuck his letter away and bound up the stairs to his bedroom declaring it a secret between himself and Father Christmas.
This was gay sex, it was so gay and he was enjoying it so much and then even more when the man on the other side of the wall began to move back and forth, pulling John closer to the wall in an attempt to stay inside that hot wetness and then,
Jim took a step forward, toeing at the stone flooring with a shiny black shoe. "I thought perhaps I'd take in a dance."
“Tell me you didn’t eat that whole thing by yourself,” John said, trying to remember exactly how much cake had been there.
His head was hazy with arousal and he was sure he was practically leaking through his jeans at this point, but he didn't understand the point of the corner until a pair of steady hands were pulling at his zip.
Sherlock smiled fondly at the pair of them. Maybe someday he’d tell John and Annabelle the improbable story of a Tuesday afternoon in Regent’s Park when the wind changed. Maybe he could convince John to move in immediately, and they’d become the family Sherlock had never really been sure he wanted, but now craved. Maybe they’d discuss the possibility of more children, of a real bond, of rings and ceremonies and titles.
“I heard,” she said, noting his distress. Her dark hair was pulled back, but flying every which way, and she looked like the last stretch of her double shift was about to get the best of her. Makeup she’d long ago applied had faded, causing darker circles under her eyes than what would’ve been natural without her smudged mascara. There was something in her eyes that made John want to look away. Sympathy wasn’t something he wanted, nor was pity.
The young man behind the desk went back to his clicking and typing and John turned his head, just for visual validation that Sherlock was still there. He had to be chilled to the core. It was snowing lightly outside at the moment and the man was wearing nothing more than black trousers and an aubergine button up that fit him snugly but certainly couldn’t have been warm. His trademark Belstaff was possibly one of the day’s losses, and John didn’t want to imagine the epic sulk that was currently pending that confirmation.
Sherlock's lips parted and he began to breathe almost raggedly through his mouth, already feeling overstimulated. How much had his body gone through in this dream world before he'd joined it?
“High-end rent-boy, obviously,” Sherlock huffed. He didn’t sound offended in the slightest. John, however.
It had been nearly forty minutes. The peak was certainly within view; the point of no return where they stopped being Sherlock and John and simply became a jumble of pleasured cells merging together and whispers of carbon dioxide on skin.
John's arms were above his head, sliding around the black wall, feeling every nub and odd texture in the wood, wishing he could grip hot skin and settling for the impersonal booth. He wondered what the other man looked like, if he was tall enough to bend over in the booth and brace himself against the opposite wall, if he was too short and had to stand on tiptoe to get fucked at the wall's opening.
"I'm not his..." John let the sentence trail off when he realized it would fall on dead air. When the keeper returned with the candle seconds later and lit it by pinching the wick, John stared for a moment longer than was perhaps necessary.
“So you have to pretend, and it requires quick thinking to get us in,” Sherlock said as he threw the jumper to one side. “More likely than not, you’re married and enjoying a single-night affair. You flash your wedding band and that’s the ticket. They buy it, apologize profusely, and you’re in. With a free stay, to boot.” A slow swirl of his slim hips had John falling back against the bed again, and he let his hands come up to rest on Sherlock’s waist, thumbs stroking his hip bones.
The fingers wrapped around his cock stroked him once, twice, three times and then simply rested against the right side, curved around him so the doctor's mouth could press a series of open-mouthed kisses along the other side. Before Sherlock had the chance to enjoy this slower pace, John drew away completely, leaving him hard and wanting and
Various plates, mail, and other (non-toxic) detritus are in my immediate line of view as I set one elbow down to steady myself. John’s delighted little moan from behind me tells me that he’s not thinking about the mess (for a change), so I ignore the fact that he asked me a dozen times to pay the heating bill, and instead I flip the cap from the bottle and turn it, liberally coating my right hand in the slick.
His eyes were open and scanning the flat for danger in an instant--but all that greeted him was John Watson. He blinked away sleep, unsure if he was truly awake or simply having a pleasant dream, but John raised a finger to his lips, motioning to the sleeping toddler on Sherlock’s chest.
. Now, he could imagine himself self-consciously tip-toeing around John to keep the man from seeing his oversized-load of a belly, all while simultaneously craving him. But pregnancy was heavy, his balance was thrown, he’d experienced near-constant nausea--“It was miserable.”
"You're a right git, you know that?" John asked as he spread a slimy glob of blue concoction over the gash at Sherlock's temple.
At the age of ten, Sherlock finally understood that not everyone could see into the dreams of their friends and family. Not everyone could read between the lines and see affairs and masked hatred. Not every child enjoyed finding a dead animal and figuring out what had killed it.
Sherlock cleared his throat, obviously a moment or two away from losing his patience as the woman seemed to fish around down below, occasionally bringing that blip of life back onto the screen before moving away again.
“Can I?” John asked with a gentle tug to Sherlock’s hips. When he nodded his approval, his curls fell forward into his eyes, making him look positively debauched with his swollen lips and flushed cheeks. Not needing further permission, John began to slowly thrust his hips up, meeting in the middle on his lover’s down.
Before he had time to question it, Sherlock was retreating while simultaneously pushing John away. The way their bodies forcibly disengaged was uncomfortable and startling, leaving John splayed to one side of the bed, bracing himself and trying not to crack his skull on sharp edge the bedside table. He didn’t get to ask Sherlock what was going on--his lover had disappeared into the en suite bathroom without a word, the door slammed shut and secured behind him.
But then there were hands on his left hip and right shoulder respectively, holding him firmly in place.
. But even when the hormones had induced a certain level of randiness, he’d wanted nothing to do with himself. Of course, he’d been single at the time, so there was no one to be sexy
John swallowed, shaking his head once more as the other man put both hands back on his hips and began to turn them toward a secluded corner. He was nudged a few feet further down the hall until they were mostly hidden by the shadows.
"Thank you, Miffy," he said, his voice gravelly with sleep. The elf disappeared a moment later and John rolled out of bed. His head was throbbing and he felt like he hadn't slept in days. He didn't remember going to sleep the night before, so it was possible that he had barely caught a wink.
Sherlock took three slow, calculated steps forward. As much as John's heart was telling him he needed him near right now, he wanted to scream at Sherlock to run, to get as far away from this room as possible. But he couldn't, he just had to wait for his next orders.
If they were getting a head start on a life of defying their parents, they’d probably be stubborn about it.
The position was always a hard one to maintain while kissing, because it trapped Sherlock’s cock between them and also meant that John wasn’t able to get as deep inside him as was ideal, but it was always worth it for the added closeness.
"All right? Are you all right?" Sherlock asked, running his hands along John's arms, along his shoulder, pulling him every which way looking for signs of injury or further hexes.
"I'm aware of the responsibilities, John, and I believe I've considered it all thoroughly. It hasn't made me want this any less than I did when I first decided it a few weeks ago." Sherlock's hand brushed along the duvet that was half turned down next to his knee and he watched the folds in the fabric rather than holding John's eye. "I'm not certain I'd be a good father, but I know I could
He turned his head slightly and looked up at Sherlock’s angular face, pale eyelids closed, lips relaxed and slightly parted, and remembered kissing sleepily on a slow Sunday morning four months ago. It had seemed like a counterattack to the inevitable awkward conversations that would arise from their impromptu intimacies the night before, but it had instead become routine.
And then he’d walked out. No coat, no scarf--just Sherlock out in mid-December London wearing a suit jacket over a white dress shirt and dark trousers. He’d freeze. John had wanted to say as much when he heard the door open downstairs, but he’d been too frozen himself.
His silk dressing gown was open and half of it was falling off of him, revealing a plain, light-colored t-shirt that had ridden up on his left hip and dark pajama bottoms that were, somehow, too long for Sherlock’s legs, overshadowing his feet by several inches.
An unbidden sigh passed his lips when he took himself in hand below the water, giving texture to the heated warmth. Try as he might to go back to the familiar memory of the woman who had let him go years ago, John found that there was something more to be gained, an air of mystery in the unexplored fantasy of the Potions master's fingers.
powerful, and he needed to strip off his jumper at the very least. Thankfully, he’d married a man who could read him expertly, and the fingers under his jumper began to inch it upwards until John had to sit up to let it be pulled over his head.
"), and left hazardous potions ingredients strewn about in every nook he had to spare. John had come to expect waking to a summons from an elf, or to find that he was being called to the Potions classroom to bring a salve for third-degree burns the professor had inflicted on himself for the sake of his latest scientific venture.
“Do you want to have lunch and then we’ll think about it later?” John asks from where he’s sat in his chair. He’d been sitting on the floor until Hamish told him to stop bothering him.
Which is why Sherlock works so hard to make him come undone when they are child-free for any short period of time, like this afternoon, when Mrs. Hudson has decided to do her seasonal baking. Which she borrows Hamish for--cheeky wink or no. Sherlock can’t complain--it’s an introduction to applied chemistry--and, well. He can’t complain about the, erm,
Instead, John entered the office confidently and with the knowledge that the younger man would have heard everything--and would see John's choice clearly in his face, the way he closely observed everything else.
"I am working on a case for the Ministry," Sherlock said, settling back behind his work station. He touched the tip of the silver nib into his inkwell and started to scribble on his parchment. With his other hand, he held out the
“Yes, John,” I respond, pressing back into the gentle pressure and spreading my legs even further. “Please.”
"I'll bring out something for the pair of you, don't you worry." He was gone before John could request anything particular. Oh well, pub food was pub food no matter which pub one frequented. And the Three Broomsticks had never let him down before.
He figured he only needed between two and four to solve the murder. May as well have some fun with the leftovers.
"Don't worry, your training was obvious to me. But you've lost us our booths with your tardiness. Unfortunate."
One thing Sherlock has learned from early enough on is that, especially with Christmas and fairy tales, it’s okay to lie to your child. One thing Sherlock and John have learned is how to convey--with a single glance--that they are going to agree with each other on whatever lie the other has improvised. This is one of those moments, and the small quirk of John’s eyebrow tells him so.
Had they reached the peak of desperation? Was Sherlock's body trying to give them what they wanted? Hysterical pregnancies weren't uncommon in stressful situations, and Sherlock had been rightfully down about it--
There was the distraction--he was looking up as he dragged his teeth along the waist of the trousers, meeting Sherlock’s eyes while simultaneously avoiding the temptation of his presented neck once more.
During heat, Sherlock understood alphas and omegas to be desperate. Insatiable. It was the natural reaction of the body to the pheromones produced by each mate. The sole purpose of the heat was to ensure the continuation of the species, after all. Breed in desperation. Outside of heat, the hormones were at bay, and the alpha tended to be protective of the omega, regardless of the cycle. Alphas and omegas would forever be slaves to chemicals and sentiment.
The man in black was pressed against his back a moment later, urging John into the room, where there appeared to be a large, ornate bath filled with... lavender bubbles. On a small silver table next to the tub was a glass goblet, which John approached slowly, trying to fight it the whole way there.
“Of course not, dear. You needed to know him. But you’ve had a rather long courtship, as far as these things go. Are you... sure of him now?” She gave him a sad smile.
The other two men shared a glance, and then there was a small nod from the Headmaster to the Auror, and the silver-haired man took a deep breath.
“You’ll be in room 712, Mr. Watson. Out the elevators and to the left on the seventh floor.” The receptionist held the key card out with nervous fingers.
Objectively, Sherlock knew people occasionally found him attractive, but his stomach did something strange and flippity as the deduction flitted through his mind. This wasn’t just another Alpha who would inevitably ask him to dinner and then realize he’d made a terrible miscalculation once Sherlock showed off his intellect and deductive skills. The eyes that locked on Sherlock’s were Annabelle’s, the silver-streaked hair on the man’s head had once been light and golden. And Sherlock, in a surprising twist of fate, found that he wanted to run his hands through it to see if it was as soft as his daughter’s.
"I'm making breakfast. There is nothing remotely sexy about fruit and yoghurt in a blender," Sherlock said, sounding bored.
Sherlock tried to ignore the signs that would lead him to his usual deductions, but it was hard. John was an easy man to read, a creature of habit. He woke up each morning, dressed in simple clothes that made him look more like a middle-aged father than a man trying to find a suitable wife, he made his tea, he put on his shoes, he did the shopping and went to the surgery. He was a calm man ninety percent of the time, and he other ten percent were entirely made up of Sherlock pressing buttons.
John knew firsthand; he had once been that inexperienced ponce who thought he could master a simple cure for boils on his first shot.
It was a helpless feeling to watch Sherlock's body shake and retch. Sometimes John felt a sympathy stirring in his gut which would make him certain he was about to be sharing the bowl, but it always passed.
“Mm.” John was laid out across Sherlock’s back, tracing his hands up and down his sides. After a moment, he removed his mouthguard and tossed it to the other side of the bed. “Quite good, I’d say.” John pressed his lips to the side of Sherlock’s neck. When he flexed his hips unexpectedly, both of them groaned at the renewed depth, at the reminder of the connection. “Exceptional.”
“Is this what you wanted?” He rubs the head of his cock over my stretched hole, just barely kissing it with his tip. My spread thighs, burning and trembling already from the exertion, can feel the heat radiating off of him through his suit, and I nod at the wallpaper behind the sofa. I’m leaning forward on my elbows, nearly putting my cheek against the wall.
Three times in his life, John’s clock had run down only to reset at the last moment. Each time he saw the digits on the inside of his wrist ticking down, he felt a flutter in his chest, knowing that the woman of his dreams, his soulmate,
John reached for the Floo powder. When he set the jar back down, he raised his fistful of silver dust to the skull. "Wish me luck, then."
John peeled himself away from his hands and dared to look down at the tattoo-like numbers ticking away on his wrist.
John took a few tentative steps closer, eventually crouching down in the space between the coffee table and the couch. He was holding the bumblebee teddy in one hand, and reached for Annabelle with the other.
The closer he was to John's fantasy, the less likely that John would simply untie him and stutter about indecency.
John had no control, but his mind was fully aware of the Unforgivable as it washed over him. How had he written off Molly's Jim as nonthreatening? What did he have to do with the Ministry man? Aside from helping with Sherlock's cases, John had always been ordinarily unassuming--
On the next slide in, I hold him close, fingers digging into his arse through his trousers, and groan deeply at the feeling of his cock in my throat and his silk tie on my forehead. I can just barely feel the hint of his metal zipper.
“Well, if you ask me, he’s lucky you’re letting him into that little girl’s life--and yours. You’ve always been so lonely, Sherlock, I worried--but he’s been good to you, I think?”
“Your therapist is correct about your limp, I’m afraid,” Sherlock said, nodding down to John’s stable legs as they shook hands.
