make out with the cowboy version of me, so I believe that,” Tony snarks back, but his sarcasm is undercut by the fondness in his voice, “but I get the sentiment, which is sweet, and cheesy as hell, so how about you just shut up and kiss me, Captain?”
he’d ever had. Steve had been firm but gentle with his touches, playful yet demanding with his kisses, and Tony was pretty sure he’d forgotten the English language for a good minute when Steve had rutted into him at
“I’ve informed Ms. Romanov,” the A.I. replies a few moments later, and even as just a bunch of ones and zeros, JARVIS was more than certain his inventor and the Captain don’t hear him when he adds, “but she says she knows you’re going to be late, and will therefore just order one of everything to be, as she says, ‘safe’.”
Steve strikes him again,
- who was
Steve had cut Tony off with a shout, telling him that there was
Steve wasn’t sure why he was suddenly nervous. The sparkle in Tony’s eyes wasn’t helping much but damn was it pretty to look at, even if Steve began to wonder what the hell he'd just agreed to.
Steve’s foot traces over the hard line of Tony’s prick, gaze focused on his crotch, not meeting Tony’s eyes when he speaks, “then let me clarify it for you; how was your night
“I could have stopped it. Steve I…I was passed out
Steve’s cheeks almost ache with his want to smile. Tony just had a way of doing that to him, but still tries playing it cool - Nat would be proud, maybe. “So what does a night alone with Tony Stark entail?”
Tony surges forward, lips pressing against the blond’s, and it only takes Steve a fraction of a second to kiss back with unabated want. It’s such a simple thing, something Tony’s done hundreds - if not thousands - of times in his life, and yet unlike any time before it grounds him - no one but Pepper had ever made him feel this way. The two grapple onto each other, finding purchase by clutching onto the other’s clothes, until they pull away with a gasp and press their foreheads together. Tony doesn’t open his eyes, not yet; he wants to savor this warmth and safety within him
“-jumping through the multi-verse is weird,
That playful glint was back in Tony’s brilliant eyes before he'd even finished speaking. Steve felt helpless but to stare. “I respect it, Rogers.
stupid
had to grow up so fast. Turning away with a small smile, a ghost of one really, but seeing Peter fight so hard for those he loves and what he believes in never failed to give Tony some semblance of hope; that’s what Peter Parker had become to Tony,
and Tony feels his hand begin to tremble,
chance to beg repent in a way that
The words should comfort him, should offer some reprieve from the constricting pain he’s begun to believe to be chronic around his heart as of late, but instead each syllable hits him like a punch to the gut. The sadness in Pepper’s eyes gut him, if only because he knows he’s the reason for it. He wonders if it would be melodramatic to say they were doomed from the start, because Pepper would have moved heaven and earth to protect Tony after Afghanistan, but the only time he felt true safety after being torn apart and put back together was in his suits - Tony never really knows when to just shut up, but this time he remains silent about his thoughts. However, the sad - or pathetically ironic - part of it all, was that Pepper had left Tony
doesn’t
“Jarvis?” Tony croaks, voice wrecked from screaming in his sleep.
“Look at you, Tony...you’re practically skin and bones...when was the last time you had a proper meal?”
“Don’t cry, pet,” Steve coos, leaning forward to press a tender kiss just under Tony’s eye, over the damp trail of a…a tear? When had he begun crying? “You’ll be good for me, won’t you?”
Tony’s breath stutters when Steve turns him onto his back whilst speaking, his large frame still concealing Tony from a majority of the lavatory, making it nearly impossible to see past him - though Tony knew that was the point, he feels like it’s some kind of poetic irony he’s failing to grasp. Steve was his world, had always been, and he knew - despite the threats, despite
Tony would always say when Steve commented on his eyes.
“Steve please, he’s just a
Tony, Steve didn’t know
- and Tony knew it should probably worry him that he didn’t know what the date it was, but…Steve promised him it wasn’t important, and after so long of needing to be on top of
There’s a beat of silence and Tony’s heart pounds painfully against the arc reactor,
“Knees. Here.
You can’t believe serving Hydra is right-”
“-then I walked out of the porch and just about broke my face on the floor,” Steve finishes with a long breath, trying to steady his racing heart before looking up at where Tony stands between his legs. “Tony I-”
maybe logic really didn’t have a place when it came to matters of the heart.
Tony belatedly corrects when Steve fixes him with another darkened glare, feeling a shiver break out over his skin, but is interrupted before he can continue - the rounded point of his dress shoe ghosting over the swell at his crotch, and Tony has to fight back the urge to
Tony moves like a shot, sitting up ramrod straight in his four-poster bed, skin sweltering with a sheen of sweat and kicks off the covers that cling to him; the man shivers and cringes at the taste in his mouth. Tony hates this, fuck that, he was
Steve didn’t understand what was happening, what Anthony was talking about, but one thing seemed to be true; Anthony Stark had his own Steve Rogers in this world, and had lost him. Steve’s heart almost felt like it was spasming in his chest, he couldn’t imagine losing Tony; Steve couldn’t imagine a life without his Iron Man, without his teammate, best friend, and—
Tony smiles,
A year for those that didn’t comply to die fighting.
“Yours...
change it had been.
“We thought you’d contact us if you were in any serious trouble, Tony,” the blond begins, and suddenly the genuine sadness and worry that seems to take over him is like a knee to the gut. “But, clearly, we should have been more attentive with you…”
that, Steve. But…but please, Steve, just…just hold me, I
come back to his senses, he’s on Steve’s lap, face buried in the crook of his lover’s neck while gentle hands card through his damp hair.
don’t hurt him. He’s only been doing what I told him, he’s blameless in all this.”
folds over the other’s knee, the burning gleam in Steve’s eyes turning into a disinterested one. Tony doesn’t break his gaze away from Steve’s eyes, despite the man staring passively at the foot on his crotch as it slowly swipes over his clothed erection, the sole of his shoe dirtying the midnight colored material.
wanted by creating Ultron? I continued hunting down Hydra, my way in being the fall of SHIELD and finding the Winter Soldier, from there, I turned my anger into something
“Tony?!” A voice shouts seconds later, and looking up from the ground Tony feels even more pathetic upon meeting Steve’s worried gaze.
“Oh crap, please don’t tell me I
“IT’S IRON MAN!” Steve’s enhanced hearing catches the words from the distance, over the wind that chills his skin and looking around he realizes they’d arrived at Time Square just as Tony began to slow to a hover. Once low enough, but higher than most people could handle, Steve hops onto the grimy New York concrete and smiles up at his friend in thanks.
of us...and one night Wanda came into my room and told me what your biggest fear was; Pepper called me the next morning.”
“Tony-”
she very likely also knows destroying his suits would be like destroying a part of Tony, too.
“Peter listen to me,” Tony whispers, combing a hand through the brunet’s hair, “Jones, Drew,
Despite the creation of Vision, Tony couldn't let go of Jarvis, and to this day the fact that it’s Jarvis is voice and not Friday’s that speaks to him in the privacy of his - rebuilt - Malibu home remains a secret. He’d lost everything after Ultron, but he’d admit his selfishness at being unable to let Jarvis go - especially not when the A.l. was all he had left. The brunet turns over and throws his legs over the edge of his bed, the dead weight of his limbs hang limply until Tony moves to stand, stumbling ever so slightly before righting himself and moves to the door of his room. There were times his teammates asked why he wasn't at the tower with them, and he’d always given them one excuse after another, but since Pepper had left him, they no longer asked why he needed his privacy. The media speculated, now that Tony was single again, that he was doing nothing but partying and humping anything that moved - a part of him wished they were right. It’d be so much easier if they were.
“Bucky made me eat a beetle once,” Steve said matter-of-factly, meeting Tony with a blank gaze. “I fear nothing.”
, well another version of me, but another version of me that lost
He still remembered how sincere Tony's words were. How the knot of anxiety over possibly destroying the beginnings of their friendship had quelled almost instantly over those words.
“That all you got, Stark?”
a sickening mixture of anger, fear, and - Tony didn’t know if it made him proud or scared to see - determined
The moan escapes Tony before he can even think to stop it, the feeling of Steve’s hot tongue against this skin and heavy hands on his waist making him tremble,
pounded at the sight.
jarring
“You’re so beautiful when you cry, Tony,” Steve whispers against his skin, plush lips kissing away the hot tears streaming silently down his cheeks. “So gorgeous,
the smirk in Tony’s voice.
“You really love him that much, don’t you?”
Tony still has moments to himself, like game nights with Rhodey and brunches with Pepper, he’d spend time with his protégés Peter and Riri, or even just tinkering down in his workshop. However, Steve’s with him more often than not, even with their hectic and event-packed schedules, the blond never seems to
The dust stung his eyes and nose, the smell of copper heavy and sickeningly thick in the air, “T-Tony, why?”
“He’ll find me,” Steve says as he settles in, because he trusted Tony implicitly, and knew Tony would come for him no matter what. “Do you know what your gonna do next?”
in relief when he hears the muffled
you out? I’ve decided to forgive your little
Tony had been lying to himself saying he hadn’t been fucking
“But if I
. However, right then, he'd truly believed he'd thrown all their progress away in a moment of petty anger. He'd remembered battering himself internally. In a moment of panic, Steve gave in to his base-urge to lash out at his teammate rather than just say, ‘
to it until it was far,
it. Steve and Tony hadn’t been exceptions, either. The sound was loud enough that just about
the suit. The Demi-God had been very explicit about his ‘open door’ policy, so Steve didn’t feel too bad about them going in while he was away. It wasn’t like they were going to go through his things, he just wanted his best friend to forfeit his dare because even Tony had
“I know you ain’t him,” Steve startles at the sudden proclamation, but before he can even open is mouth to speak - honestly clueless as to what he’d say, because it was the
you know they would have taken it - we all would.”
“You get it,” the beautiful woman laughed, fixing him with a fond look only mothers were capable of. “Let me guess, you drove your mother crazy too?”
Tony; his
Tony rolls his eyes, trying to shake off the guilt he feels coiling in his chest, “what is that supposed to mean?”
Steve had thought he held himself together well. At least, well enough no one mentioned how pale he’d become during the flight back to the tower. Maybe Tony had followed him, or maybe he'd just happened upon Steve when he was in the middle of an anxiety-attack-induced-emergency-clearing-of-his-stomach. Either way, Tony had found him and sat with Steve until he’d no longer tasted the Arctic in the back of his burning throat.
of hope that the nights he and Steve shared, the words, and
(See the end of the chapter for
felt like he could breathe again. Steve knew the feeling.
And yet, he fails every time.
For a moment the blond looks sheepish but sighs, hand running through his hair - like it’s a hardship to even explain, “Pepper called me.”
like losing part of himself, because Tony was a part of Steve’s soul, and he would spend eternities in every universe with this man.
Steve felt like he had a
“I…” Steve doesn’t even stop to think. He knows it’s now or never, and he doesn’t want to wait anymore. He swallows, feeling a little lost in the way Tony stares at him. Honey-chocolate eyes almost drowning him as they stare at him, so close yet so far away. “I think I’m in love with you, Tony.”
a favor, navy blue slacks and jacket that do just
“in our reality it’s been legal under law for a long time, so we’ve been married for 22 years, but together for about 30 - Tony says it’s been 30, because he counted, but I think it’s been 29 because he was a clueless goose for a solid year.” Anthony clings to Steve but
and he’d destroy every one of his suits and never turn back. However, Tony can’t pretend Pepper’s not smart enough to see right through that lie, they’d both know it the moment Tony spoke the words. It’s not that he wouldn’t, Pepper likely always knew he’d set off a damn
with Steve; a limp body was flung into Steve’s office, making Tony jolt from where he’d been leaning against the Captain’s leg, snapping his attention to where the body had landed on the floor with a heavy
“You win!” Tony rushes out just as Steve raises the barrel of gun higher, hands held out in surrender, pleading, “please, you win, I’m yours, I’m
Steve didn’t hesitate to kiss Tony back to the moment the smaller man leaned forward, but he knew he had some explaining to do when Tony stilled, and then pulled away with a confused expression.
Tony’s cheeks felt chilled, the bare skin of his face exposed to the cold air and the final few strokes of Steve’s straight-razor, but it all fell to the wayside as Steve continued, “I never lied to you, Tony, I meant everything that was said and happened between us, but how many more wars would we have had to suffer through? How many battles would we have had to fight? How many more deaths to reach-”
he thought, in those final few seconds of peace, before the chaos struck. Steve had felt his skin burn and flay. Felt the blood in his veins freeze. Tasted the arctic in his throat, but he didn’t know which got him first.
“I did, Sir,” Jarvis chimes in helpfully, and for a moment Tony has the unexplainable want to dismantle his A.I. that is, until it registers that
Staring at that devil-may-care grin, Steve honestly couldn't imagine not having it in his life now.
chance. Tony’s eyes snap over to Peter who meets his gaze, matching dark-honey eyes lock onto one another, Peter’s gaze is glassy with fear and regret; Tony knows its fear for him, for what will happen next, but only one of them can make it out of this and they
love with him? A part of him is tempted to pinch himself to see if he'll wake up, but Tony knows that this is now his reality, if only because of one fact; not even is his wildest dreams would be ever dream
“We’re married,” Anthony starts upon hearing the words, but Steve gently strokes his back until the man calms from his sputtering surprise,
breaking Twitter with this!” Steve doesn’t understand what Tony meant by that, though he’ll probably find out tomorrow.
Tony doesn’t dare move, glaring up at the towering man, “and you expect me to just
in time; just in time to take the blast that had been intended for
, we’ve reached world peace.”
Steve was
Pointing at the various upgrades of his suit, Tony glares, “don’t judge me you pile of scraps.”
he still recalled the way his stomach turned as he watched Tony’s face turn from tenuous hope to abject disappointment, and was quick to continue.
“Let him go, Steve.”
Tony to speak on behalf of Peter one more time -
of Parker’s knees landing onto the concrete floor, he lifts his head just a fraction,
Steve thinks with a small inward sigh, still trying to regain brain function while Tony -
“Dad was flippin’ out! And called uncle Bruce-” Riri quickly began to explain, but was overlapped by Peter, who, at the same time as his sister, decided to tell their father what happened since he was gone.
“Tony I…” Steve didn’t regret his decision to kiss Anthony, he
Tony Stark had survived it all, was stronger than the indestructible metal alloy he’d encased himself in, or so Steve had believed.
“Sir I didn’t mean to-”
Tony tight -
Tony doesn’t register the hand on his forearm until he’s tugged into the lavatory, once again he’s taken aback by the sheer
Tony - comes up behind them. “Now scat’, unless you wanna watch me kiss your Pops-”
The blond stops, hand midair, and slowly lowers it as he searches Tony’s face for a silent and tense moment, “prove it.”
lose you, and got the chance to have you back, even if just for a moment, I’d be enterally grateful,” Steve tears up and surges up to kiss Tony -
“Who let you in?” Tony is the first to break the silence, squinting over at Steve before rubbing the remaining sleep and crust from his eyes.
Somewhere in the back of Tony’s mind, he
over Tony; the brunet never left his sight unless absolutely necessary, when Tony wasn’t knelt by Steve’s side, head resting on the man’s muscled thigh, he was in the newly built nook in their room tinkering. It was terrifying, how complacent Tony was becoming with all this; a caged bird, happy to never fly again. No one dared look at Tony, never addressed him directly; those that had made those mistakes were met with Steve’s swift cruelty, and if they survived, they never repeated their transgressions. Steve treated him like his most valued object, no one was allowed to look or touch, only
Tony wants to say he has more dignity than to scramble to his feet at Steve’s command, but he doesn’t, because pride in a world like this gets you killed. Instead, Tony follows behind Steve into a bedroom,
“We were worried about you, Tony,
Parker chokes back a whimper, clinging to his father figure’s shirt, “I…I
The picture Tony Tweeted did, in fact, break Twitter.
He brushes the thought away. So what if he was showing off a little? Tony wasn’t exactly playing fair, either.
....”
, it’d be called '
“Tell me, babe, it might help,” Tony encourages, but continues on after kissing the top of Steve’s head, “or don’t, and we can just go upstairs to get you food and then to bed.”
, and even if he won’t admit it the brunet knows why he can’t solve such a simple question; because the reality is, he hasn’t been okay for a long time - maybe he’s finally reached his breaking point. Tony wraps a towel around his waist, about to step out of the shower only to slip, his hands desperately search for purchase, but upon the resounding crack of his knees hitting marble he knows he’s failed.
much but Tony - for the first time -
“You think I’m lying?” Steve, clearly affronted, takes a step closer to the brunet and Tony fights the urge to shove him away like a petulant child.
The room is spartan in it’s décor like theirs had been -
faded that all was lost - Steve had seen it, once, and it was a terrifyingly heartbreaking thing.
“Sir, if I may-”
Steve had
, and whatever his eyes couldn’t perceive his other senses did. The building seemed larger than a regular house, which either meant a very rich owner (meaning security) or multiple owners living together (higher risk of being seen or caught), but either way, this was going to be far more annoying to get through than Steve first thought.
Steve is…is gone. Crazy bastard got himself killed because of that damn
Hydra only stoked the fires of it to make the Captain that much
“Dare.”
You really
almost feels like a ray of warmth when directed at you, to people elated by his performance or thanking him for something he’d - unknowingly - done to help them the past. Tony didn’t brush off a single person, happy to spend the time getting to as many fans, and thankful civilians as he could.
Static of what’s left of his nightmares remain in the inventor’s mind, trying to shove them away into the darkest recesses of his subconscious - he knows it’s not a healthy coping method; but it works, so who gives a shit? Running hands down his face the brunet huffs a tired sigh, the taste of bile finally subsides, and his skin no longer buzzes as though he’d vibrate out of it. This near nightly occurrence is now almost a routine for Tony Stark. Through any increment of slumber he somehow manages to fall into, he’s always awakened with nightmares that leave him in tears - though he’d never admit to it.
Steve’s voice is
of his suits, and logic told him she ended things between them because she could never live with herself if she had asked him to part with them. His heart was another matter entirely, constantly taunting him with words of
They spend the rest of the night lazying around on the living room floor in their boxers. Lips sore from making out, and teased to the edge by groping. But both men continue to hold each other close, feeling sated and warm. Steve had never honestly thought he’d get to this point. Glancing down at Tony, who was trying - and failing - to keep his eyes open, looked so precious in his arms. Steve couldn’t imagine himself any place else. They fell asleep in each other’s arms, just as the first few rays of dawn began to peek over the horizon. Both safe in the knowledge that, when they woke, they would wake to each other.
them - Natasha, Murdock, and Scott Lang were only naming a few. Those that
“Peter,” Tony calls out, hammering out a dent in his armor
for fuckssake. He'd just keep gritting and bearing it. Like he always did.
but it was all too late because…because Tony was
didn’t
Steve reprimands and moves to stay away from the brittle grass, lest someone hear him approaching, and continues forward while kept safe in a cloak of darkness.
brat.
“Do you treat him good?” For a moment Steve is taken aback, because
He was in the middle of the desert but upon closer look, Steve realizes where ever he’d been teleported to was by a long stretch of dry road, and behind him the ground elevated indicating a kind of hill. Steve turns to face the hill and decides to climb it and see which end of the route he should hike for. The ground wasn’t very steep by any means, more like a rapid decline off the side of another level; which proved to be true once Steve pulled himself over the side of the edge, not too far ahead of him lay shrubbery likely to deter anyone from going the way he’d come up. Getting his feet on solid ground, Steve remains crouched, and sticks to the shadows as he creeps forward. It looked like a kind of backyard, though the grass had clearly seen better days, overgrown and parched of any color or life. It seemed a little dangerous, having a backyard (no matter how uncared for) right by what was basically a cliff; it was reckless, but Tony had a mansion off the side of a cliff too in Malibu, so who was he to judge?
humming or outright
Steve tolerated many things from Tony, many things he knew no one else would
what that look on your face means. Go, be amazing.”
“Sir I
Shoving his middle finger into his mouth Tony stands, stomach twisting within him as it groans and convulses with wordless pleas of hunger, and like the functional adult Tony admits to be he heads to the kitchenette in his work shop, cracking open a bottle of Maker’s Mark - and just because he’s classy, drinks right from the bottle. He feels his suits watch him in disapproval.
but Natasha held me back, said it was to keep me from gettin’ myself killed, but I hated her for it anyway…we could have
but damn him,
“Do you like it?” Steve asks with a smile, the expression as bright and tender as ever before, “I made sure everything was the same, right down to your favorite towels and gels.”
“Don’t fuck with me, Steve!” The brunet barks, anger grounding him to speak properly. “We both know what you fucking said, now spit it out! What did you mean?!”
he understands that Steve isn’t
Steve never thought he was a cruel person, but right then he'd felt like the cruellest piece of scum alive. He watched Tony’s expression fall - he looked so taken aback, so
His failures to them, if anything, is his true legacy.
Tony feels it, feels it
The Captain slams back the drink before he can think twice about it. It was the rule of thumb but in his war days. When swill was all you had, you learned to throw it back, and not think about exactly what you just drank. Don’t think, just swallow. However, whatever the
“Anthony,” Steve chuckles as he swings his legs off the side of the bed, “I married Tony Stark, I
“Calm yourself, Pep,” Tony relents and turns on his camera - only after he’s slipped on a smile, a smile that hasn’t felt genuine in a long time. “There, happy now?”
alone in this…
that I wouldn’t lose
Stark almost scoffs, almost blurting out, ‘
again…he knew he was fighting an already lost battle.
I will,” Steve promises, gripping the gauntlet in his trembling fists, fighting back the tears that threaten to drown him alive.
Steve’s training kicks in, and he gets to work.
“Shower, I’ll cook for you, and
The picture of the two of them, Steve with his bald head and Tony who looked like a member of the Blue Man Group, was plastered on newspapers all over the world. The duo sharing a post-battle kiss in celebration of a job well done. It hadn’t been the most ideal way to announce their relationship, but Steve couldn’t bring himself to care about the backlash. And while he was thankful for the support, all he
“What did you mean, earlier,” Tony questions, brown-eyes still watching Steve work around the kitchen.
truly
He still remembers the feeling of the weight falling off his shoulders at that moment as he cackles over Tony trying to maneuver his hips through the suit to dance. It was aggressively hilarious, and somehow
“She’s alive, my love,” Steve brushes the tip of his nose against Tony’s freshly shaved jaw, making the smaller man shiver in spite of himself, “like Natasha, your favorite redhead saw the light; now the only question is…for how much longer?”
got through to him. Tony used his position and business connections to the music world to the fullest, managing to get Steve meetings with all the right people, but the man’s success was all his own hard work -
it and it was out of comfort, Tony would
him because Tony doesn’t want it to end.
look for; the unconscious figure was dressed in torn up red and blue spandex, the red was not only sickeningly
difference was the far wall, where in their room had been the Avengers’ recognizable ‘A’ symbol, was now a prominent Hydra insignia - it was a perfect replica of the bedroom Steve and Tony had shared for years, but bastardized to this new world.
“-thought so, works every time,” Iron Man says with a chuckle, before turning on his husband and yanking him in for a kiss. “And
"I love you, Steve…f-forever and…and always….”
Steve couldn’t have possibly been comfortable in that position, slumped over his thighs in order to hold Tony, but he did, regardless;
“Of course, Anthony,” Steve replies and kisses the top the man’s forehead, moving around just enough to pull the slightly itchy duvet out from under him and toss it over their legs.
“She’s just a kid, she...she don’t know what she’s talking about,” the brunt rasps, but he knows the jig is up; he’s been caught and no lie or flashy get away is going to get him out of this.
“W-What?”
Clearing his throat, Steve rolls his shoulders. He knows how it makes him look. Natasha
; had they come out about it before, the world would have taken Steve’s hard work for granted, and likely assumed he’d been on Tony’s ‘casting couch’ - as if he was
himself remember and screams, “
“Don’t tell me you have the hots for me, Cap,” the brunet teases, the blond reddens further, but his jaw is set - teeth undoubtedly gritting together.
“You heard that, J?”
“I will Tony, I
by cruel hands that Tony once believed to been so kind. The Captain’s terrifying obsession with Tony Stark was blatant for everyone to see, but nothing was done to deter it, and Tony knew for a
and you build a teleporting machine-” Steve’s words die off when he sees...
“Why do you taste like super strong whiskey?” Tony had relatively quit drinking, limiting himself to a single celebratory gland of champagne, but didn’t mind it if his husband drank - though Steve never really cared for the taste and rarely did. However, the question was valid, and one Steve was still trying to figure out how to answer - one he thought he’d have a little more
“I don’t expect you to love me back...but please Tony, just...just give me the chance to show you you’re
Steve stands tall and authoritative in the middle of their living room, the lights were dimmed enough to make the normally ‘innocent’ looking Steve come across as menacing, but visible enough that Tony wouldn’t be able to mistake the glare in his oceanic eyes for anything else. He felt his knees go weak and skin rise, his hands began to shake, and Tony couldn’t tell if the cold trickle down his spine was of fear or…something else.
“Fine then,” Tony says with a grin that
He wishes it wasn’t true, and yet they both know it is.
- loves him? To make it worse, is
The silhouette of a building cut itself out in inky darkness against the near black-blue of the starry sky, the moon unable to fully cut through the clouds, leaving everything
changed. For those that bowed to Hydra’s rule, their lives were relatively the same, but for those that refused to comply, well…they weren’t treated so kindly.
been many jokes made about it, according to Kamala Tony and the Suit’s ‘shipname’ was ‘Irony’, and if Steve hadn’t choked on his coffee when she said it, he probably would have laughed for an hour straight. The faint sounds of clanging metal only confirmed his suspicions, but also made him smile, whatever work he had here was done. With a private smile and a silent goodbye, Steve stands and stretches, deciding it’d probably be best to leave before the sun was fully out, and start making some headway before the next nightfall. Maybe Anthony could rational their time together as some kind of lucid-dream, a result of his subconscious is need to finish grieving and lack of proper sleep and nutrition; either way, Steve knew he wouldn’t be of any more help if he stayed.
No one knew the real Steve Rogers, they were all too caught up in the veneer, bewitched by his charming smile and kind platitudes; all under the spell of the carefully cultivated personality that he presented to the world. If Tony could take the credit the for creating such a sensational musician, he would, but he couldn’t, and why? Because he had been fooled, too. It had been so innocent at first,
“Sir, yes, sir, Captain Bucktooth!” Tony cackles with a salute.
a symbol of his freedom.
“Great…” Tony huffs, lurching forward and buries his face in his hands.
with Tony
He'd yelled at the man, remembered the acrid panic and venom in his voice. He’d hate the flights to and from battles, but he’d deal with it, he was a
Steve thinks with a sigh, even though he couldn’t bring himself to be annoyed. Or stop grinning like a fool.
that the progress he and Tony had been making towards his fear of flying. Tony
again.
“We know they won’t…won’t get here in time,” Tony chokes out, but reaches out a trembling armored hand - Steve doesn’t hesitate to take it in his own gloved ones, and wishes for nothing more than to feel the rough skin of his husband’s hand. “Watch after…after everyone, yeah? They need you…P-Peter especially, he’s a good…a good kid….”
“I swear, forget Ellen’s picture, we’re
After the fall of SHIELD, it only took a year.
that Peter sees the love he tries to convey,
“I love you, Tony,” Steve whispers against the genius is neck, flushed and exposed from having his head thrown back, inviting more of the Captain’s wandering kisses, “in this universe and every other one.”
Steve snatches Anthony into his embrace, trying to calm to swelling tears and choked speech, “Anthony, you don’t have to-”
It was her love for him that drove them apart, how ironic is that? The one thing that is supposed to bind people tore them apart like a cotton; messy and unfixable.
a secret - for once, kept something
Anthony started to struggle against him, trembling fists weakly batting against Steve’s broad chest, “Why did you—
definitely the best
At that, Tony can’t help but gasp a rattling laugh, “Peter surviving is worth everything, even death.”
“You may
Stark swallows thickly, his throat dry and scratchy, (
Tony can’t help but think
Just apologize and he’ll forgive you
It had been a normal night, at least, what constitutes as a ‘normal night’ for a billionaire and his famous musician of a lover; they’d just gotten back from a charity gala, one of Steve and Tony’s many philanthropic endeavors, when Steve turns on him, and says the word Tony had been - unknowingly - yearning to hear again.
“Actually, some truths would be nice. I may be in my thirties, but even
“Did I say anything? No, I didn’t, so calm the hell down, Winghead.”
who he was, even if that image of himself was torn apart and burnt to embers. There was no better analogy for the Phoenix than his best friend; the man who fell only to rise, and rise again. So knowing that Tony would do just about anything because he lived life with the mentality of
I tried to get to him, I
tolerate was Tony’s attention being cast elsewhere - not even for a split second. Tony stares up into raging pools of azure, the blond curled over his form,
. Tony grabs the mug and fills the porcelain cup to the brim, shuffling out of the kitchen and towards the windows of his estate. Sipping at the ebony liquid, Tony stares out at the vast expanse of water from beyond his mansion’s windows, and for a moment he wonders if dying at the mercy of the sea would be as peaceful as the slow lapping waters look. With a silent sigh the brunet turns away and heads to the stairs leading to his workshop, there was no point in lingering on the thought, Tony knew he was far too self-centered to ever actually kill himself. However, the thought that he really did have the power to just make everything
“What the hell?!” Steve can’t help belting, which only serves to make Tony smirk in his direction.
It took about a split second before Tony barked a laugh, “oh please, Rhodey dared me to wear the Frank N. Furter costume to our graduation ceremony. I did it, proudly. With heels.
The Captain’s train of thought comes to an abrupt halt,
Steve’s own smile freezes for a moment, unsure if he was helping or making the situation worse, but Anthony was trying to levity so maybe- suddenly, Anthony barks a laugh and pokes at Steve’s right cheek, “you don’t have a right dimple!”
, we’re just sitting here eating Thai and sipping on root beer! I have a reputation to maintain, I'll have you know, Not-So-Wholesome-Rogers.”
it was…disillusioning, my love, it
Steve wasn’t even going to
“Can I tell you a truth?” Tony tips his head forward, nose gently bumping Steve’s jaw. “I think I’m in love with you, too.”
sleazy - to get where he was. However, it was after that announcement, and Tony’s delighted confirmation of it, that things began to change, and what a
you keep thinking you’re in this alone when you’re
within Tony - dying with the man he loved, that Steve realized the flames had never been his friend, after all.
a cornflower blue; boy’s trip! And…and-
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve whispers, talented hand still stroking through chocolate locks, the other wrapped around his waist, “sleep now.”
he remembered telling himself. Like he always did after a long and bumpy flight
“You were trying to protect us, Tony...you were trying to everything you could.”
Both teens were gone before Tony even finished speaking.
“Tony’s the best thing to have ever happened in my life, apart from our children of course, but I couldn’t imagine my life without him,” Steve turns his head just enough to whisper into Anthony’s hair, “he’s my other half.”
Tony snorts; bad move.
“I mean…I
“He’s cool with it!” She shouts over her shoulder, hands rifling through her sweatshirt pockets. Steve turns his attention to her friends. The girl wearing a Hawkeye shirt almost bowls over America, who lets loose a punched-out laugh.
about the man.
“Time?”
know was that he honestly couldn’t bring himself to look away when Tony smiled like that.
Anthony jumps up and out of the bed before Steve can get a word in edge-wise, but pauses when he’s half-way out the door, “shit, Steve I’m sorry but I
his heel grinding down on Tony’s concealed erection, hard and deliciously unforgiving.
Tony forces out a laugh, it’s wet and weak, and he hates it but it speaks a truth he tried so hard to conceal.
“I mean honestly, Amalia? A superhero isn’t the worst babysitter they’ve had,” the mother with short hair - who introduced herself as Elena - says with a shrug, and Steve couldn’t help but chuckle sympathetically when the long-haired mother - Amalia - groans and sighs.
“Well bless your mother, Captain, she raised a hell of a man,” Elena says with a kind smile, before beginning to wrangle the kids in the other direction. While the two mothers bustled the group of excited kids away, Steve felt a tap on his shoulder.
I’m your good pet, I swear just let me-”
Something changed, that humid afternoon at the Avengers Tower - even if Steve hadn’t realized it then. Tony took a special interest in helping Steve through the motions of dealing with his trauma after that moment. At first, it had almost enraged Steve, how doggedly Tony injected the notion of ‘freedom’ into flying. And it wasn’t until one night after Tony had been given the go-ahead by Fury to update the quinjet to his standards, that Steve just
at his insides, almost making it hard to
However, something about Tony’s phrasing snags at Steve’s mind.
azure piercing through Tony like blades as the barrel of the gun presses harder against the back of Peter’s head, the boy winces but doesn’t fight back or speak -
The redhead’s alarm slowly gives way to love and
“We haven’t done a single truth yet,” Steve says as the thought occurs to him. They’d been so wrapped up in trying to outdo each other with the dares, that they’d forgotten about the
“What do you- never mind that, Strange is just a friend, Ste-
It had started after they’d gotten back to the tower from a battle. Early days. Back when if Steve and Tony weren’t at each other’s throats, it was because they were in different rooms. When the best anyone could hope for from the duo was amicability. He still remembers the day with blinding clarity. Recalls the moment when the quinjet is hanger doors had opened and Steve was off like a shot. Vision tunnelled to the nearest bathroom that was far enough away he wouldn’t run into anyone.
“I’m not him, I’m sorry…but you’re not going crazy. I...I’m just from another reality, or universe…or…or whatever you wanna call it. I was never good at getting that bit straight, I know it sounds crazy, Reed and Tony fight about it all the time; Tony calls it a Multi-verse, the way I understand it is that there are multiple different versions of reality and-” Steve knew he was rambling, but he was nervous, because Anthony was staring at him with this little smile that seemed to boarder on hope and disbelief and he didn’t want it to go away-
The brunet flinches when large hands cup his face, thumbs wiping away tears he was unaware of, and only then does he realize he’s trembling.
“St...Steve?” There is somewhere between speaking and his internal panic that Tony -
“What?”
Steve turned his face towards the crook of Tony’s neck, keeping a safe distance from the suit’s joints, but resting his cheek on the seamless - and obnoxiously endearing red - shoulder plate. However, this was different. Since Steve had begun taking these little joyrides with Tony, which had begun as an idea of his own during a battle, they just...kept on doing it. Even outside of battle. The genius created a way for the armour to warm on the outside so Steve would have some source of warmth while they flew. The usual Captain America uniform was great at deflecting bullets, but it wasn't an insolation unit - that was a whole other suit. It was a strange relief to Steve, that flying with Tony never brought him to the edge of panic like flying usually did.
to Natasha silently weeping in his arms, hatred for him clear in her fading green-eyes as she chokes out “
thawing, and while Tony felt he could
“-hey! I only ‘kept butting in’ because you
“I mean, would what be so bad? It left enough for leftovers for Peter and Ned to take to their roleplaying thingy, I think they packed some for MJ and Kamala too,” Steve counters, grinning just as goofily, playfully pulling Tony into him as he moves to stand.
screaming
” The brunet opens his mouth to lie - like he always does - but the pixels that make up Pepper display her glare as clear as though she were right in front of him - damn his tech. “
“At this rate, you're going to end up killing yourself, Sir. Be it of exhaustion, malnutrition or liver failure...I worry about you, Sir.”
It escalated, slowly, from there.
him like he never wants to let go of Tony; like Tony is his lifeline just as much as Steve had always been his. However, he also
not to have to worry any more. Tony stares down at a StarkPad he took apart, Stark Tech was a rarity in this new world, Steve had disabled any way for the device to send a message out, but Tony didn’t mind; he enjoyed the tinkering. The former superhero runs a hand over the back of his neck, the pad of his middle finger gently pressing into the tracker he knows is beneath the skin at the base of his skull; it had upset him to the point of hysteria when Steve had first implanted it, but now it comforted him, knowing he wasn’t ever really alone.
selfish
why Tony pinned so much on flying, he’d read the man’s file, Tony escaped from the Ten Rings
Steve, for the life of him, had no idea what Tony was referencing. But the playful twinkle in Tony's eyes was enough to make him huff and grin fondly at the man anyway. It seemed, around Tony, Steve was never anything but some kind of ‘fond.' It made Steve wonder when the ice had seemingly begun to seep from his bones because some days, the cold was all he could feel. But not tonight. Not now.
“Who else knows?”
his armour.
the Captain thinks, holding onto the man just a little tighter at the prospect.
There’s a part of the engineer that wants to fight back, to
barely blind. However, Steve’s heightened senses gave him a slight advantage - contrary to popular belief (mainly Clint and Scott’s), he didn’t see like Terminator or RoboCop, it was more like...everything was
That had been a two years ago, it hadn’t been easy, at first, trying to convince Steve to accept his willingness to help, but after much insistence -  and arguing - Tony had
“I’m sure it’s five in the afternoon somewhere,” Tony says, taking another drink - no point in hiding, Pepper of all people already knows how fucking messed up he is.
It was he watched the flames - the ones that Steve had seen once burn so
escape the Captain.
Steve remembers Tony saying after his outburst. He'd recognized the words for the olive branch they were. But even then, he knew that if he were to accept Tony’s offer to brush his words under the rug, neither would ever
was the only reasonable answer, because Steve didn’t expect him to go pet the Bilgesnipe
Steve came back from the dead and—
It had been easier in the beginning, to give into what Steve wanted, no matter how much he put up with from Tony - he always said he loved the little ‘fighting spirit’ within his husband - there were just some things Steve wouldn’t tolerate. Tony remembered one particularly jarring incident, it had been after the implant was put in, Tony thinks…
It was one of those nights where it seemed like everything around you was turned down somehow. Nights where sounds weren't deafening, but a calming backdrop, like waves calmly lapping at the seashore. Nights where lights didn’t seem blinding, but instead calmly glittering like beautiful, warm starlight. Steve often wondered why these nights seemed so rare. Why they only came to fruition every blue moon, but then realized the missing ingredient to all his nights where everything otherwise seemed like too much; Tony Stark.
him, but instead we stood back until there was nothin’ left because we were all too afraid of Fisk and his men.”
After all, that’s how Ultron happened.
“I know,” Tony coos, kissing the top of the boy’s head, “I know.”
“Oh, shall I count the ways?” Tony teases in a sing-song voice, smiling at Steve like the adorable little shit he was. “Are you sure you want to go with a dare, Stevie? Maybe we start this off easy, give you enough time to back out-”
Tony stares up at the blond, stunned, rasps, “y-yes Sir.”
of the young man Peter was becoming, even if it broke his heart that the teen - the
with him - that the business man had been worried he’d have a coronary. He’d been captivated by the shade of crimson that bloomed across his sharp cheekbones, charmed by the bashful smile on full lips, and the shy nod when Tony’d offered to share his bed for the night - and what a
bottle of Maker’s Mark before looking back at the brunet. “And you were drinking? You could seriously hurt yourself, Tony, didn’t you think-”
to be something to this,
“I don’t know what you’re talk-”
The blond gently nudges Tony’s chin to the side, nodding towards the mirror behind them and Tony does as silently instructed, jumping down from the counter Tony turns to look at his reflection in the mirror; his breath catches in his throat at the site, at the site of
- or, at least, whatever was left of it.
It’s all so familiar, the way Steve touches him,
Hydra revealed themselves. Back to the days when he would turn over in his bed and smile at his lover, clinging and curling into the warmth that seemed to always surround him; days when he’d fall deeper in love with each glance and smile. Back to the days when Captain America was not only the world’s hero, but to when Steve Rogers was Tony Stark’s soulmate. The memories always chipped at another part of Tony’s soul, because Steve was never really Captain ‘America’, was he? Because Captain
had picked out for him earlier that very evening, Tony notes - as a frown pulls at his lips, and Tony nearly jumps when a black Louboutin presses against his crotch - against his
“You did great today,” Tony says with a grin. Even with his skin and hair still a vivid blue, he looked like he didn’t have a care in the world.
he knew - and chokes back a sob.
Tony wipes his eyes with trembling digits, he’s stronger than this…
It was no secret, that Anthony Edward Stark was a being larger than life itself encased in a lithe, tanned body - perhaps one shorter than he’d ever admit to, but one Steve adored nonetheless. With a mind that perplexed even the smartest the galaxies had to offer, and a mouth that could give the Devil himself a run for his money - in more ways than one, Steve was sure. Tony Stark was the kind of person that made you stop in your tracks and take notice. At the very least, he’d stopped Steve in his. Stark’s presence alone was to be admired. He filled every crevice and crack just by
fine. I’m sure...maybe? Yeah…
Rogers barks out a laugh, cutting Tony off, the grin he flashes Tony sends a chill down his spine, “‘serve Hydra’? Tony, my
to start on this now or-”
“Peter, I know you’re goggles got busted recent-” the words die on Tony’s tongue, his throat going dry as he stops in his tracks. “Steve.”
, “really Tony, anyone else would feel insulted, but you’re lucky I love that about you. Come now, I’m losing my patience.”
things to his eyes, the Hot Rod red pocket square almost winking at Tony from where it’s folded into his jacket pocket -
“Peter-”
, I was a terror,” Steve laughs, for once, his heart not feeling heavier for thinking of his mother. "She was dealing with a hardheaded asthmatic hell-beast the size of a chihuahua who just never could stay outta trouble, but it helped that my best friend had some sense.”
his. Rhodey followed not long after, killed by the Captain during a mission while Tony could do nothing but watch his best friend be broken in two, all but
, how about you?”
it. If anything, it was there to see in Tony’s heroics every time they were on the frontlines. Tony wasn’t only a hero in Steve’s eyes, but a good man; plain and simple.
splinter the wood beneath his fingers as he gripped the doorframe with the need to hold his—
"I'm going to destroy you," Tony rasps, fighting off fresh tears with a crumbling resolve.
never
is all he can think, over and over, and over…
, I really think it’s the damned smile he had when he did it that had me fallin’ for him…the Sharif hat didn’t hurt either, though.”
He knew this Look; Tony Stark had many ‘Looks’, and if you could figure them out - especially the nuanced flinches and stifled smiles - you found yourself the Rosetta Stone to - in Steve’s opinion - the best person to ever exist (only followed by versions of him from other dimensions, apparently). Because apparently, no matter the dimension, Tony Stark’s eyes would always be striking and expressive.
“I…had to protect…protect my best fella," Tony coughs wetly, blood spilling down his chin, crimson mixing into his goatee like a ghoulish painting.
Tony thinks, feeling something warm swell within his chest.
“We have a son named Peter and daughter named Riri,” Anthony holds onto Steve a little tighter but doesn’t say a word, “they can drive us crazy, but we love them, and not to mention all the little rugrats too smart for their own good that we’ve adopted by proxy because Tony really doesn’t ever know when to stop,” Steve can feel the smile tugging at his lips at thoughts of his husband, and gives into the safe and warm feeling; the feeling of
He’d survived it all; the betrayal of the only father he thought he’d ever had, or perhaps never did, when Obadiah tried to kill him; survived the poisoning of the very invention he’d created to keep him alive, defying the odds by creating a new element; flying a nuke into space, because there was no other way, and fell only to come back gasping to life.
Steve did his best to hold back his laughter, trying to make sure the video wouldn’t come out shaky but had no qualms to yell out, “THAT ALL YOU GOT, STARK?!”
“Briefly, it was nothing serious, I
The blond sighs softly, palm pressing against Tony’s jaw to tilt his face up, and Tony meets his sea-blue gaze, “you can’t save us Tony, not alone...you always think you’re alone in this, from the palladium poisoning to...to
even when Tony felt as though he’d given all he had - somehow, Steve was always able to scrape more out of him.
, but logic tells him that there was
they should ever trust someone with 'a past like his' to protect them. Despite all the
“Tony go!” Peter shouts, biting back a cry when the Captain hits him with the handle of the gun, a seething warning to
but he defiantly didn’t expect this. “You know we had this back in the Depression too, right?”
A lifetime of friends turning into enemies, and allies falling dead at his feet.
“Oh, of
The blond’s eyes go from the hidden camera on the corner ceiling and back down onto Tony, something within pools of blue the genius can’t comprehend. “But after Vision I thought…”
Steve wears the designer tux like he’s doing
to the beats.
to fight.
for me you— you,
Tony knows the threat for what it is, knows that Steve would easily kill Peter if it meant it broke another part of Tony; if it reminded him that he could never
Tony jerks awake, Peter’s name about to jump out from behind his teeth, but Tony only
“We’re together again, my love,” Steve whispers against Tony’s skin, blue eyes meeting his hazel through the mirror, Tony swallows, thick and dry because….
yours,” Tony whispers, voice trembling, and carefully clutches tighter at the front of the man’s uniform.
However, Steve doesn’t call Tony ‘pet’ again, and Tony can’t find it in himself to ask
“…right?” Tony says back, slowly, like he isn’t sure if he wan’t to hear the answer just yet.
more time would be all it took for Steve to kill him, snap his neck in an unrelenting fists, like he’d done to Rhodey,
a snarl, because right then even Steve honestly didn’t recognize himself. He felt more akin to a caged animal than a man,
and, as always, they die. They always die. Tony tries to stop it, tries preventing their deaths - the end of the world, the death of trillions - in his dreams and reality.
“And here I thought my ass
your love anyway, could see and feel how much you loved me - or your world’s version of me, at least. It’s almost as deeply as my Stevie loved me.” Steve feels himself tearing up again, and tries to blink away the warm burn in his eyes.
The brunet is gone before Steve can say anything, but maybe it was for the better, Steve tended to ramble and, really, there wasn’t anything else
on how hearing the word ‘soldier’ said like
"For me?” Tony does lean back a little, not enough that Steve can any longer deny what this moment between them was. ‘Just friends’ didn't sit like this, lean towards each other like they just couldn’t help themselves. But he needed to know if Tony felt it, too. “Yeah...yeah I do, Steve. Tell me a secret?”
“Steve-”
It started small, with little - unnoticeable, really - things at first, like things always do.
He can almost hear the A.I. sigh.
“You were always perfect like this,” Steve releases Peter - who slumps forward like a puppet with their strings cut - to run his other hand along Tony’s unkempt beard, eyes never leaving the brunet’s face as he speaks, “on your knees for me, so perfect.
Despite everything, despite losing friends and family and
The attention of the kids brought a few more fans over, but Steve didn't mind too much. He wasn’t as good with crowds as Tony was, but his USO tours had helped learn how to settle his nerves in front of crowds. For the most part, anyway. But the kids and teens that came up to him made it easy. At first, he used to hate stuff like this. But the more he learned to differentiate (most) civilians from scandal-hungry vultures, he began to enjoy interacting with the people of his city. It made their work as Avengers seem all the more important, the more he grew to socialize with those within his community. Something real to fight for, not just an idea. And on some days, on the
Tony thinks helplessly, because Tony
It doesn’t take a genius to have guessed who the large man Iron Man had set down likely was. However, with Steve holding his phone up and pointed towards his teammate, everyone else seemed to heed his example and do the same instead of crowding him. Steve watches his friend wave at people that begun to get a little too close, shooing them away while asking for a space of five feet, claiming it to be
and...he was right, I’d be half dead without you, Stevie.
which was both amazing and terrifying to Steve - how could he catch him out?
Steve doesn’t want to let go of the smaller man just yet, and Anthony seems to be fine being held, so Steve pulls him in a little closer, “are you going to be alright?”
“And look how that worked out.” His laugh is self-deprecating, he knows - his father is probably turning in his grave as they speak.
” The blond could
, Tony feels the world fall out from under him. Steve maneuvers him onto the sink’s ledge, putting Tony at eye-level with him, before reaching for a canister of shaving cream - it was Tony’s favorite brand. Stark watches, dumbfounded, as Steve goes through the motions of slowly lathering the cream across his scruffy cheeks and jawline.
“Certainly Sir,” the disembodied voice answers, and Tony hears the coffee machine getting to work as he approaches. “Sir, may I be candid?”
of it. After being kidnapped in Afghanistan he thought his nightmares couldn’t get any worse, that the torture he’d endured would be the only thing to plague his subconscious, and then - as the news stations had dubbed -
Captain America. Coulson
It took a year for the world to crumble.
coiling in his gut, “Sir, I…I don’t understand…”
“I-” Antony pauses for a moment, holding Steve tighter and breathes out deeply, “yeah I...I’m goin’ to be okay.” Steve hadn’t realized he’d been holding his breath, but breathes a sigh of relief, and- okay, yes, may have giggled just a little in his relief.
“We’ll find him, Stark,” the blond seethes, hands twitching as he stares down at the inventor, “and when we do, I’m going to skin him alive right in front of you.”
Steve doesn’t stop in his retelling of his time in the alternate reality, wanting to get to the better bits, and to also just stop talking and kiss his husband and forget about ever losing the man holding him. He listens to Tony softly hiccup and sniff as he speaks, the sight of his husband crying would always break his heart, but Steve remembered when they’d first gotten together; when he’d walked in on Tony crying in the kitchen after a mission gone wrong. Steve remembered how it almost scared him how silent Tony was while crying, but he wasn’t like that anymore, he cried a little more freely now, and in a strange way Steve was happier for it.
“That confirms it, that you’re not him,” Anthony says a little softer this time, his words slower with exhaustion, but it’s less sad, now. “But he would have been happy to know that there was a version of him out there that helped me when I needed him and he couldn’t be here, so…thank you, Steve.”
fucking happened.
be converted were killed - like Stephen Strange, Thor, and Professor Xavier, again, to only name a few. However, those that couldn’t be killed - in the cases of people like Banner and Wolverine - would find themselves in Cryostasis, indefinitely. Not many ‘rebels’ were left, be it powered or no, they were labelled as ‘terrorists’ and had bounties on their heads. Tony had fought long and hard for the past year, the few of them remaining clinging to the hope that - one day - they’d be able to take down Hydra and break their iron-grip on the world, but days when even that wasn’t enough for Tony he’d look to Peter and force himself to
shy of an outright
was always lingering just beneath the surface, waiting for his moment to show his true colors, and Tony…Tony had been
Stark knows the Captain - knows
“Anthony I’m not-” once again Steve’s words stop just behind his teeth at a broken sound from Anthony, the smaller man’s hands twitching in their grip of him; it was a devastating sound.
was making his insides flip, and flip is pretty impressive ways. Impressive enough that he made a mental note to ask Banner to check for permanent damage later.
like he and Tony had started becoming
“You two used to date,” it’s not a question, but something within Tony tells him he
The blond groans softly, a whine of frustrated sadness, and his brows knit together - thumb absently stroking Tony’s cheek.
They hadn’t known about the bomb, but the moment they did Steve didn’t hesitate to run into the stricture to save the innocents caught in the crossfire, and yet despite knowing he’d done what
is the only thought streaking through his mind as Tony surges forward and kisses the man above him - he knows any other reason for the kissing Steve would break him.
and yet…with every passing night the man feels like another bit of his sanity’s being chipped away. His mind - what once was his best friend - now feels like his worst enemy, and Tony is at a loss of what to do. He’d seen every one of his teammates - the very few friends he has - die in his arms over and over again, and there’s never anything he can do to stop it. From Steve rasping “
in his own lab if she asked him to, but it’s
until it was
to fix! Pops you have
A young man jumps into the clearing, giving Tony enough breadth that they don’t bump, but starts dancing
The door to Thor’s room was…open,
“Deaths?!” Tony can’t help but scream, staring at Steve in disbelief, but the man doesn’t so much as flinch. “You killed
at your shithole hide out yesterday, but do you really want to push it?”
Steve had dared him to bleach his entire head, facial hair included, which he did, hence the ink-stain on Steve’s front tooth.
“You killed Thor,” he grits through clenched teeth and pain, blinking through his tears and felt like he was cracking in two,
It took a year.
It was phrased as a question, even though they both knew the answer. Though Steve’s silence had been confirmation enough to the genius.
“Wanna try again?”
, you’re fine don’t worry about it. But I texted Thor, just in case.” Maybe it's Tony's rambling, or whatever the hell Steve just barfed up that turned him into a human-glowstick. Or maybe it was the I-want-to-laugh-but-I-need-to-know-you’re-okay-first expression of muddled emotions on Tony's face. But whatever it was, it had Steve doubling over with laughter.
Jarv-”
on calling him by the name of ‘Lex Luthor,' even though Steve had no idea who the hell that was.
good at playing that role.
Tony ends the call before she can even wish him well or a goodbye, before he can make a fool of himself and apologize for tearing at her heart like he had - as if any apology could really make up for all of the pain he’d caused her. It’s only as he throws his Stark-Phone across the room and sways forward that Tony really notices how drunk he’s gotten, the room spins around him, his body feels light and yet his movements are heavy and uncoordinated. When had he drank so much? The brunet all but stumbles onto his living room couch, ungracefully falling onto his face and almost drops his bottle of ‘liquid courage’ - can it really be called that when it just makes you want to cry and confess truths you hide daily? Maybe that’s where the saying comes from;
“I’ve been waiting for you to get your hands on me for months, Steve,” Tony declares, pecking his lips. “So yes,
Anthony shifts in Steve’s arms, and the blond knows what’s coming before he feels the smaller man’s slightly chapped lips press against his own, and Steve does the one thing he can do; he kisses Anthony back. A part of Steve felt guilty for it, knowing that this man wasn’t really
“Last ni-” Stark begins, yet another lie, when Jarvis swiftly cuts in.
Because that was the real question, wasn’t it? Would Anthony be okay? But what could Steve do if he wasn’t? Live with the guilt of knowing there was a version of his husband out there, a version he
“Every one of us put our lives on the line every time we fought whatever Villain of the Week, Tony, it’s just that this time, some of our numbers were finally up. But don’t you see, sweetheart?” Steve coos at Tony, tilting the man’s jaw one way, and Tony had to fight back a flinch when he feels the cool steel of a straight-razor against his throat. “
the blond snaps, leaving no room for argument, and the unknown emotion lacing his anger makes Tony’s heart constrict.
unsure if he means his fresh face or Steve at his side. Staring at their reflection like this, it was easy to forget that the world outside their room was controlled by Hydra - by
, thank you so much for doing that. I know it’s strange, but I just…I don’t know, you helped someone Steve; helped
surrendering to Hydra, they knew the risks of the mission, but if there was ever even a
you buried him…but did you ever wonder why you couldn’t bury Pepper?”
again.
for my help! And-”
Tony hadn’t known how to feel when Steve had proved, ruthlessly, that all the love between them had been
“Tony, I’m almost disappointed in you,” the admonishment is said fondly, and the genius is torn between perking at the soothing tone and wanting to spit in the man’s face, “killing Rhodes wasn’t a choice, it had to be done, and I
” Tony’s stomach begins sinking at the genuine
bastard!”
“Hello, sweetheart,” Steve greets as pleasantly as ever, staring down at the brunet inches from his face, their chests a breadth apart.
. Shaking away the idea, the Captain snatches his leather jacket from the coat closet and hurries out to the roof's landing pad. Taking the ride offered by Tony once he’s clad in the Iron Man armour.
Steve pulls the shorter man flush against him, stealing a deeper kiss, and thinks,
saying between kisses and giggles - on both their ends, no matter how much Tony denies it, he was giggling too.
every. Fucking. Time. Every time I prayed,
Tony Stark, for as long as he could remember, craved rebellion,
Steve’s blue eyes trail down to the teenager knelt as feet, pressing the barrel of the gun a bit more firmly against the base of Peter’s skull, eyes snapping up to Tony in a silent threat; a slow and cruel smile spreads across Steve’s handsome features as he meets Tony’s eyes - the same look he’d given Tony before killing Rhodey. In that moment Tony knows that there are only two options; run and sacrifice Peter, or surrender and -
It was hard, most days, especially when he’d dream of the days
Well, there’s a first for everything, clearly.
That hadn't been an easy night for Steve's conscious, but it was still a night he heald near and dear to his heart. Tony had chosen to understand his panic, rather than mock him or push him away for it. Steve didn't know many that would be as forgiving. Tony hadn't given up on him, despite their setbacks. And in the end, Tony had made flying okay again.
New revisions/edits made! (May 5th, 2020)
“Why did you leave, Steve?” He clings tighter, “why did you have to face Fisk alone? Why didn’ you just
like there’s had been, down to the detail of Steve’s art supplies and canvas in the corner for mornings when he wanted to sketch by the floor-to-ceiling windows, and the one book Tony refused to read in anything but the paper copy of (the copy his
Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s thick shoulders, clings to the man as he’s picked up off the bathroom counter and soon gently lowered down onto the mattress that sends aches through him with it’s familiarity, but doesn’t
He’ll always fail those he loves.
Bucky would probably smack Steve upside the head once he heard about this, but what other choice was there? He could blame it on his competitive streak, or maybe the glint in Tony’s dark-honey eyes. But he knew, when it came down to it, agreeing to Tony's plans wasn’t something he’d ever regret.
“St-” Tony can barely finish the syllable before Steve has his back bowed backward, fist painfully yanking the hair at the nape of his neck,
I kissed another version of you, Tony.” There’s a dreadful pause, and Steve thinks his husband is about to pull away in disgust, that he’d just ruined his
Please, just…just give me
“Shit!” Tony hisses, yanking his hand back from his soldering gun and almost burns his other hand in the process.
"It…it’s nice, not being alone, Tony tells himself...."
at the traitor he once called his husband and teammate, but from his periphery he could see Peter’s blackened eye and bloodied lips; he nods.
Steve hated flying. Well. No. He
now, she’d always held a soft spot for Peter, but her tone was cold with no warmth to be felt in it.
beneath
“Did…did I do good?” Tony asks, his voice shaky and tired, but eager to know.
“Three-forty-three in the morning, Sir,” Jarvis replies, adding after a moment - as if he’d felt the need to withhold the bit of information that would only serve to remind Tony how much of a wreck he really was. “You’ve been asleep for thirty-five minutes.”
“I’m so sorry To-,
Tony isn’t sure what over takes him, but before he knows what’s happening, he’s
“I’m a sucker for a good Rom-Com,” Tony finally answers after a lull of silence. His shoulder having, at some point, begun to rest against Steve’s. And suddenly, all he was aware of was Tony.
gone a whole day-”
Steve, but the Captain knows once he confirms it, the man could easily pull away from him.
“You don’t seem so sure,” Steve observes, eyes trailing down Tony’s suit - a suit
“Just enjoying my time off before I gotta put the suit back on be Iron Man, Pep, it’s not a big dea-”
The brunet snorts at that, as if Jarvis were speaking as anything more than a program, but he nods regardless - maybe old habits really do die hard, but Tony wouldn't know, his habits never really do die.
of the few people he loves and cares for in this damn decrepit world. Tony nearly
He wants to tell her that all she had to do was ask, just to had to
hissed at the now limp teenager - Tony’s only relief is that Peter’s disoriented, not unconscious.
. I shouldn’t have been so quick to judge you, because now you’re-” he stops, swallows, and sighs. “You’re my teammate, Tony...and I never leave a man behind.”
but finally settled back in its usual Irish-pale complexion.
Tony thinks, swallowing dryly. ‘
By the end of the song, Time Square was deafening with cheers. And Tony, ever the lover of attention, relished in the applause and praise. Steve loved it, watching him like that. Tony always loved being the center of attention, but with the media, as it was today, that was a double-edged sword. However, this wasn’t Tony biting his tongue as someone tried to antagonize him into a scandal they could sell; asking
but maybe…maybe he could use this; if he plays along, maybe he can find a way out-
God, he was
Tony felt…hollow, somehow, when Steve wasn’t at his side. Always told by others he lit up like a Christmas tree when Steve would call or text him, and Tony couldn’t even deny it, because he
He expects Steve to tell a lighthearted joke, or go off into another speech, but instead the blond’s hand tightens around the back of his neck and holds him close, "you don't have it in you."
However, here? Like this? With Steve’s arms wrapped around him, body warming a chill somewhere so deep in Tony the genius didn’t even know it was
“YOU BASTARD!” Steve froze at the doorway of what appeared to be a nearly abandoned and smashed up bedroom, but all Steve could focus on was the profile of the man hunched over the foot of the torn up bed, “You PROMISED! You promised me that...that’d you wouldn’t leave, you promised- you self-righteous bastard you
trusted
were real; that Steve hadn’t lied to him for all those years.
Tony takes a selfie of them together, pressing their faces together tightly enough despite the space of the frame. Lithe arm slung around Steve’s shoulders pulling the blond closer. Steve could feel the short bristles of his beard against his cheek and found he didn't mind it, at all. Tony had pulled Steve in seconds before the camera went off. Steve didn’t know what he looked like, but what he
it had been.
“Tony what-“
“Big talk for a little guy, Tones. Let's see if your bite’s as bad as your bark,” Steve goads before spinning the bottle. But despite his calm outward demeanour, every inch of his being was hoping for the bottle to land on Tony.
The first time Steve said it, it took Tony a little longer for the word to register, but that couldn’t be helped what with the way Steve all but
“Oh my love, how I’ve missed you,”
“We’re not gone, Tony,” the blond defends, hand tightening ever so slightly on Tony’s jaw. “
The - then - twenty-five year old had become a household name within the year of his rise, and at twenty-six Steve had let slip that he was in a relationship with (in)famous Tony Stark, the unforgivingly self-proclaimed genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist; the media had lost their
at this point, all adrenaline that had kept him numb to it gone.
Tony whips around and lands a solid punch against the Captain’s jaw -
- face, his hands resting on either side of Steve’s, his thumbs lazily map the Captain’s jaw; Tony was always a tactile person,
he snarled, and it
Tony nodded, unsteady bit frantic because he needed Steve to
Steve thinks with a grin as he reaches into his back pocket for his phone.
off his face. ”We all are.”
Tony chuckles weakly, “Pepper’s gone, Steve, the one person that kept me grounded...that gave me hope that maybe all this shit was worth it, and she’s
Tony Stark - just not
he cries, but the limp form of Iron Man doesn’t shift despite his pleas, the armored limb in his own now heavy.
Steve looks around for something to use as a makeshift weapon but settles on snatching up one of the decorative vases Tony had in the hallway. At the very least, he could use it to distract. Moving quickly, but quietly, into the room Steve looks around and sees- no,
Steve shakes his head and decides to let the topic go, for now, anyway, “I think twenty.”
But Anthony Edward Stark was nothing if not a stubborn man, a man hellbent on fighting for
Tony thinks of Steve rasping out
Tony darts off into the elevator. Though the Captain had no idea why.
manages to fight back a flinch when Steve ducks his head down to nose at Tony’s jaw, the sweet nothings whispered against Tony’s skin made him dizzy, but he still remained focused on what needed to happen now. This was their
in him, don’t you agree?”
will deem fit; Stark swallows his pride, casting a glance at Peter before slowly approaching Steve who watches his every move intently. Tony stops just out of the Captain’s reach and bends at the knees, carefully projecting his movements and intentions as he slowly lowers himself down onto all fours at Steve’s dirtied boots.
only skin-deep. “Alright, no more dawdling soldier, time to drink up or shut u-…well goddamn.”
but leaves his camera off; first mistake.
Tony concocted didn’t taste like the gasoline-flavoured whiskey that stung his throat back on the frontlines. Instead, Steve discovered what it would taste like if you crossed Fing Fang Foom’s spit with an Atlantean’s briefs. Steve had never moved faster in his life, even under live enemy fire, than he did right then. Darting over to the kitchen sink to yak out his guts. For a second Steve would
Tony’s brows furrow in confusion, “what did she tell you?”
“For you Sir? Always,” the A.I. replies, and Tony feels his lips tug up ever so slightly - his first genuine smile in what must have been months.
but enemies. Instead, Tony had been
of ideas, he knew, but he
Steve stares down at Tony, drinking in his face and position below him, smiling like he had done so many times in the past - Tony felt sick with himself that his heart
Thor had made their thoughts on his physique rather blatant, multiple times. Steve knew he was a looker, thanks to the serum. At least, enough of a looker to catch the attention of most,
Steve reflects to himself, tracing his thumb along Tony’s jaw. Steve shivers when he feels Tony grip at his shoulders, a little moan escaping his throat,
“Mercy? It’s hard to be merciful when I was helpless at your hospital bed after battle, Tony. All I could think every was
say. Anthony seemed like he’d be okay, and if that look told Steve anything, some version of the Iron Man armor was about to be worked on; that look of manic child-like excitement was reserved for the suit and
If Steve is surprised, he doesn’t show it, instead his cold mask of Captain Hydra falls easily into place - eerily so - and Tony feels his heart in his throat; he knows any attempt to try to save Peter will only promise the boy’s death, “take him for reconditioning, and if he doesn’t submit, kill him.”
before the plane hit, and wondered which would kill him first; the bombs, the cold, or drowning?
“Cut the crap, Steven,” Stark huffs, shaking his head only to feel a wave of dizziness slap him across the face, and the brunet stumbles - almost shouting in frustration when Steve catches him from falling. “What I do is
“You sure you can do this, soldier?” Steve shivers as Tony whispers the words into his ear from behind, only
“Oh, and Steve? We’re getting you a Stetson.”
So, I sought to change it, to
Tony clutches at Steve with his uninjured hand, his eyes burn almost as fiercely as every part of him that Steve touches, this was his reality now; somehow, it was hitting him all now. Steve wasn’t just apart of Hydra, his husband, Steve Rogers
to be done…the regret strangled him. It had been during the evacuation that Tony dove in, at a sound-barrier-shattering level of speed, reaching Steve
He thinks of Clint and Natasha, cold and blue. “Why couldn't I protect you?!” He thinks of Thor and Bruce, dead bodies flinching in death to scar him. “You’re all my responsibility and I couldn’t even protect you!”
“Someone needs to stand up to Fisk,” Anthony’s eyes blink open, and for a moment they’re sharper than they’ve ever been, “no one did before now and Steve paid the price, I can’t let anyone else-
his mind had cruelly snickered in those moments of silence. He remembers the feeling of panic that begun to stir back to life in his gut,
to answer it anyway, do anything to quell Steve’s jealousy - to
Rogers chuckles as he moves down to crouch in front of Tony, elbows resting on muscled thighs without so much as wavering in his balance, reaching out a bare hand and isn’t deterred when Tony flinches away from it. Tony feels the callouses caress his scruffy jaw, swallowing thickly when Steve hums in thought.
“Like I said,” Steve puffs out his chest little in an over-the-top display of arrogance, but feels his neck flush a little when he notices Tony’s eyes wander down his chest.
“Let’s see what you got, Stark.”
“I’m not-” Steve tried, instinct telling him to tell the truth to the man who shares Tony’s face, but his words die off when the bundle in his arms croaks out a broken sob.
the world was also
Tony goes without another word. However, through all his actions he feels a knot of anxiety building up within him, coiling tight and heavy within himself; a damn Gordian Knot he can’t find the end to no matter how hard he tries. Tony’s hands shake as they scrub the shampoo into his scalp, and he knows it’s pathetic, knows that he has to be stronger than this but he just can’t keep it together anymore; can’t live knowing he’s nothing but a burden to those around him no matter what he does. You’d think being a genius would mean you had the answers to everything, but Tony just can’t seem to figure out a way to prove that
“I still love you, Pepper, y’know that? Right?” Tony interrupts, and cringes at the way his voice almost cracks. “I-I need you to know that.”
between him and Steve, because Tony knows deep down…
“I love you, Tony, I love you so much,” Steve says and
“You can’t stand me, Cap...you said so yourself when we first met, don’t go pretending now.”
However, it was
asking that. “I thought you were a sci-fi geek all the way?”
Tony snorts, “oh c’mon, like I haven’t been worse,” he drinks two pulls of the liquid fire as if to make his point, “and and what? I’ve been here for, like, what? Five months? Six?”
the right angle. Rogers was everything Tony believed was good in the world, what he thought was every cute boy-next-door character those cheesy dime-store books described, and - to be fair - Steve
“It’s not…it’s not what you think, sweetheart,” Steve mumbles, almost to himself as he thought about how sad and lonely Anthony had been, but the next moment his husband had his arms around Steve and tucked his head under his scruffy chin.
“Yeah,” Steve yells because he has to. “I’m good,” he says, clinging a little tighter when he feels the suit’s armour warm under his palms. He could feel the windburn developing on his cheeks. Tony never went anywhere near the suit’s actual potential, but it was still August in New York. Though Steve couldn’t bring himself to care, whatever little burns his cheeks endured would heal before they even landed anyway. They always did. The crisp pain of the cold contrasting with the warmth against his side was always a good reminder that he was okay. Held against his best friend and teammate while they flew over the city he was born in - even if he was still, technically, he was still relearning it.
“It’s okay,” Anthony says with a shudder, taking half a step back, “y’er here now, y’er back an’ it’s…it’s okay now,” Steve immediately feels torn, he knows he won’t be here for long if Tony has any say in it, but Anthony thinks
But no, because there was Tony, sitting right
“Alright Shell Head, put your money where your mouth is, huh?” Steve starts in, eyes darting to said mouth before barreling on. “I dare you, Tony Stark, to put on the suit, fly out to Time Square, and dance to Taylor Swift’s
of you, I’m
being on the front page was a
” Pepper replies, a sad smile ghosting lips - lips he would give anything to feel one more time. “
“Just me and Wanda,” he sighs, eyes honest as he adds, “no one else, I swear.”
escape the shadow of it.
. Like taking in the aftermath of a bombing. Steve smiled as though he didn’t have a gun pointed to the head of a bloody and bruised Peter, the teenager forced to kneel on the floor with bound wrists; his eyes and expression all but
scare me like that again, do you understand me, Steven Grant Rogers?”
have misheard.
“No? No. No! No, you’re
grinning?!
“You created Ultron to do just that,” Steve begins, and Tony groans as his eyes screw shut.
it was so
- and, by extension,
The forty-five year old man stands, striding over to the kid and wraps his arms around Peter, holding the crying teenager until his breathing calms - no matter what Tony tried telling himself, he knew Parker was nothing if not a son to him by now. They both knew it. It was a risk, caring for someone so deeply, but they’d both already lost too much and too many people to try to deny themselves the few comforts that they still had.
“Gosh, I just
because all Steve could think about asking Tony was ‘please go out with me,’ phrased more and more pathetically each time.
angry
he doesn’t scream.
crawling
, you like cardigans! Do you have any? Ooooh, Pepper
“Tony,” the blond greets, voice light and warm, but it still sends a chill down Tony's spine. “I’ve missed you.”
and I’m
And yet…here they were.
“No, don’t apologize, it’s okay,” Tony quickly cuts in, wiping at his damp cheeks, “hell,
the world.”
Steve didn’t get the costume reference, but he knew Tony was just as competitive, if not more so than himself. A worthy adversary, but Steve would never admit to that.
he thinks with a chuckle as they all introduce themselves. There’s a pair of twins and another blond boy who looked the most nervous amongst them. Though the excitement of his friends and Steve's open demeanour seems to be calming his nerves the more they chatted and took photos.
and found out you walked in just when Dad’s experiment-”
wrong
“But maybe I was wrong, I thought you were
After that shift, that
It all only took a year, but to Tony Stark, it felt like a lifetime.
self-preservation instinct-
(See the end of the chapter for
mission! And-”
for Steve all this time; the only thing that kept him sane was the distance, was the knowledge that if he stayed far enough away, he could still see Steve for what he was; their
manages to bite back the name and instead masks it with a groan.
bad bald, so he’d take it. Despite Tony
can almost recall the way his stomach roiled against him, but Tony definitely doesn’t remembers closing his eyes.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he’d been living back in his Malibu home, the rebuilding process had happened not long after it’s destruction, and had been finished long before the Avengers had taken care of destroying the last traces of Ultron. However, it was the night Pepper broke up with him that he’d drunkenly driven himself back here rather than to the tower, the next morning the brunet had looked around with glazed eyes and finally registered where he had brought himself; he’s been there ever since. The team would call on Tony whenever they’d assemble, which was sparsely since Ultron, and for that Tony was thankful - he didn’t think he could actually stomach putting up a front that much anymore.
Tony feels his heart swell yet somehow shatter all at once, Steven Grant Rogers - hell,
making progress with him, even if it was at a crawl’s pace. And, dare he say, Steve
and turn to stone mere seconds later. Instantly, Steve wished he could have somehow taken the words back. He
“I’m all in if you are.”
“My Steve had both dimples when he smiled,” Anthony chuckled, rolling onto his back, but carefully enough so that he was still in Steve’s embrace; he shuffled around a bit, the way Tony always did when he was feeling tired and restless, and didn’t settle until their legs where entangled and Steve’s arms were securely around him.
“Is this okay?” Steve asks, breathless, in the fraction of space between their mouths.
Tony tells himself, reaffirming the belief he’d given into months ago.
“I hope he was worth it, Tony.”
Steve goes silent, it’s unlike him and makes Tony feel the need to fill the quiet, but before he can the blond finally speaks.
“This all you got, Stark?” Steve croaks-
as he stares up at his boyfriend, hands flexing on his thighs as he fights back the instinct to reach for the man, because how could he
had given him;
for her, but he knows that’s the exact reason they are no longer together. Pepper would always be wearing red-rimmed eyes and blotchy skin each time he came back from a battle, big or small, it never mattered because to her it could always potentially be his last. The genius knew it wasn’t her lack of faith in him, nor was it that his teammates were literal
the ‘bad guy’ the media sometimes made him out to be, but he just
Steve pauses at that, the dots slowly - despite his incredible disbelief - start connecting in his head. “…why was I even surprised? Of course, you play with Bilgesnipes in your spare time, and of
He should have been happy, maybe felt some kind of closure that, for those few years, Steve hadn’t lied about their relationship; even if going forward they were no longer best friends, allies, and
Tony sought kisses for comfort; for reassurance. Earlier in their friendship, the first time Steve had seen Tony peck Rhodey on the lips resulted in Peter jumping onto the fridge because Steve’s mug suddenly ‘exploded’ in his grip - Clint lost his breakfast because he’d laughed a little too hard, but Natasha and Bucky were no better.
Taking another pull of his whiskey the brunet sighs, “I gotta go, Pep...tinkerin’ around in the lab with my repulsors, might be onto somethin’.”
no! Nononono-
crying? How could he
, but even now - after all these years - Tony still surprises him.
“Is that why you were basically
Steve must see it too, because his eyes grow mirthful and smirks.
Tony manages a pathetic chuckle through his gasps, rasping out, “unlike me, he’s powered...and a hell of a genius…he’ll…he’ll get away.” The brunet watches Steve’s jaw twitch, faintly he thinks it was something he used to find so
be at Tony’s side. Everyone knew Steve and Tony were a packaged deal; because after that night, after Steve had called Tony ‘pet’, a slow-burning change began between them. Steve would take the lead more and more with Tony, from what he wore in and out of their home; what he ate to how he bathed, to taking the reins in the bedroom - sometimes tying Tony up with said ‘reins’.
“Jarvis, mind getting the coffee ready?” Tony mumbles, making his way to the kitchen.
The ensuing madness is that Steve decides to
Steve’s movements slow for a second, just long enough to dismiss Natasha and Hydra’s latest capture, for the door to his office to click closed behind them before he’s yanked onto Steve’s lap. The smaller man loses himself to Steve’s touches, fists at the man’s gold-spun hair and chokes on silent cries as Steve thrusts into him whispering his love against Tony’s skin, it’s so much,
how many times I was about to murder Peter because he kept butting in-”
with his freshly bleached…well,
the reason you’re doing this to yourself.”
Tony even sees a fluffy sky blue towel - his favorite towel to use after long baths - hung up and ready to be used where he’d always kept it for easy reach. Tony finally looks away from his surroundings to meet Steve’s eyes, the eyes of the man he once knew -
- and his surroundings -
“So, do you treat him good?” Steve reaches forward and kisses Tony’s head, pulling the man into his arms and lays on his back, - the battered up bed wasn’t the most comfortable thing in the world, but Steve’s a soldier, he’s dealt with worse - and cuddles Anthony close atop his chest. The blond can hear the soft
) sat on his side of the bed’s nightstand - from the mix of cream and eggshell colored walls, to their plush bedsheets and pillows; it was a perfect replica. However, the one
Tony had said, not bothering with any polite preamble.
Tony’s heart stutters at the soldier’s words because this was it, this was his moment to save Peter’s life, or lose another person he loved with his entire being. Swallowing thickly Tony chooses action rather than words, crawling forward towards the blond, he reaches a tentative - trembling - hand to grasp onto Steve’s black and red uniform - a bastardized version of his former one that broke Tony’s heart to see. The Captain kneels before Tony, accepting his silent beckoning, a gloved hand reaches out and the brunet shivers as he feels it run through his hair, gasping softly when Steve grabs it in a fist and pulls Tony’s head back to look at him. Stark knows Peter is watching, knows that what was left of the Avengers would all rather die fighting than give in, but they both knew - deep down, it was an unspoken fact they just
is still standing in his house - clearly stunned upon hearing the familiar voice.
“Oh Tony,” Steve coos, smirking down at the brunet, “Tony, Tony, Tony...you think I’m going to kill you, don’t you?” When Tony says nothing, the soldier barks a laugh at the exact moment he stomps a foot down on Stark’s left hand, the bones beneath his boot snapping with multiple sickening
Steve found himself marching up to the archer's room. Tony was a clever bastard. He knew the poking at Steve’s pride would have him striding into the elevator within seconds, which it did.
“Wait, wait, wait, a
Steve is vaguely aware that they’ll probably be stuffed on Vietnamese food for the next few days, but he can’t bring himself to care when Tony moans beneath him on the workshop’s couch, surging up to kiss his husband of so many years (and hopefully so many years more) and whisper words of adoration against his lips. Steve knew he’d think about Anthony and worry every now and again, but he knew to have faith in the conviction he’d heard in Anthony’s voice, to show the same faith in Anthony that Steve does in his husband; to never stop believing in him. And Anthony seemed like he was only just getting started. On the other hand, his time with Anthony made Steve grateful to have this perfect alien-invading-superheroing-life of theirs, with their wonderfully smart and sassy teenagers, and a husband that was his soulmate in every universe; because Anthony had been right, losing Tony
forgive me,” Tony begs, head lowered in submission, palms flat against the concrete floor and fingers spread wide.
The Captain’s expression changes at that, but not to the anger Tony tried to invoke, but into a twisted grin that makes Tony’s insides frost over.
“I love you, Steve,” Tony mumbles, nuzzling at the blond’s neck, slowly giving in to sleep.
“He used to do that, too,” Anthony says with a soft chuckle, and Steve still saw the heartbreak in his honey eyes, but there was hope there now, too. “When Steve would get excited or be really relieved, a sigh and then the damndest adorable
Steve stops, eyes screwing shut as his hands clutch onto the edge of the kitchen counter, ducking his head in between his arms as he breathes hard, and Tony is about to speak when Steve beats him to it.
Steve swallows, and the brunet sees the way his fingers twitch - does Steve really think Tony needs to be held like some damn
they would just let him go - that
The genius tips his head back, resting it against the comfy seat cushion. The expanse of his throat a rare sight that Steve finds himself enamoured with, tracking the way his jugular bobs with each hum and swallow. Steve eventually had to look away, the thoughts of
Tony sees the guilt in Steve’s blue-eyes and hates himself all the more for it, he’s supposed to be strong, supposed to be the ‘
he’d told Tony early in their friendship, only for Stark to nearly pop a blood vessel laughing - Steve still smiles at the memory of the whimsical sound of a genuine Tony Stark laugh. However, it seemed that where ever Steve had been teleported was far away enough -
The body was limp, evidence of breathing something you had to
of his, and I miss him more than I thought a person could miss anyone, but I know you ain’t him.”
close to something no longer platonic. Even Tony seemed to be caught off guard by the captain's words for a moment. However, Tony was always quick to regain his footing. He grins, wide and wicked, and somehow Steve found it too endearing to worry about the mischievous glint in the genius is rich-brown eyes. People said Steve was the tactician of their team, but he couldn’t hold a
This time his laughs sounds almost pitiful; he should never have picked up the damn phone.
again.
“No backing out now, Rogers,” Tony chides, though there’s an edge of unease in his tone. “You sure you’re willing to make an honest man out of me? Blue skin and all?”
“You’ve
shit,
Approaching the clearing of the small Florida town by the woods, Tony scans the area for any potential threats, upon finding none, he carefully walks along the shadows towards the sleepy town. His tattered clothes and scruffy beard were worlds away from the once instantly recognizable suave and well-groomed man people had known, but his unkempt appearance worked in his favor, because no one cast the genius a second glance - let alone a first. It only took a few hours to get what he needed, from a quick stop at a street vendor for canned goods to the junkyard for new cables, and a few minutes haggling with a street salesmen to buy Peter a new shirt. Tony would call it a successful trip, especially because at the junkyard Tony spotted a set of binoculars and snatched them up, knowing Peter’s goggles were hanging on to the teenager’s face by a literal thread - and maybe some webbing, Tony would bet.
“Ready to head back?” Tony asks, ducking his head a little closer to mock-whisper, but still only loud enough for Steve to hear. “I ain’t done with you yet, soldier.”
against the friction. He doesn’t think Steve would approve, and he wants nothing more than to please his lover, to
Stepping back out onto the porch for the second time in less than 24 hours, Steve takes a deep breath and presses forward and- promptly falls flat on his face…on reinforced stainless panel flooring; on reinforced stainless panel flooring that he’s
Pepper had been the first to die at the hands of the Captain, the first victim in the man’s quest to show Tony that he was his and
If there was, Steve’s pretty sure he missed that memo.
Both women glance down at America and the girl with the Hawkeye shirt - Kate, he’d remembered her belting excitedly - with her arm slung around her friend’s shoulders, and Steve had a feeling he was staring at younger, female versions of him and Bucky somehow -
“Did I just…change colours?” Steve dared ask, looking over his shoulder at Tony who had seemed to stop laughing at some point and now looked…fidgety.
He'd be damned if he let it end now.
to beat StarkTech (something Tony must feel incensed about), but Steve wasn’t known as ‘the man with the plan’ for nothing; he’d need food, shelter, and somewhere warm and safe to wait until Tony found him. Mentally cataloging his current attire -
we’ll talk.”
too late. However, somehow, that wasn’t the worst of it for Tony; Steve’s reveal as Hydra should have been it, been
It had been a few months since Tony’s inexcusable outburst at his husband, longer since Steve had found him -
Tony thinks he should take Steve’s words as a slight against him, but when their lips connect once again, gentle and tender, the brunet thinks - for the first time in months - maybe, just maybe, he really isn’t alone in all this.
here for almost two months, Sir.” The brunet slows at that, the glass head of the bottle brushing against his lips - had he really been here for such a short time? How has it felt so long?
and Tony was a hard nut to crack. People mistook Tony’s confidence in himself for shamelessness - and hell, for a time, so did Steve. But over time, Steve was unsettled to learn that Tony didn't
but familiar and
“You know how I am about breaking routine, Jarvis.” He drinks.
he thinks mournfully, “any updates from the guys on the West Coast?”
The two remain silent for a moment before Stark pulls back slightly to look down at his son, who pulls back and scrubs a hand down his splotchy face, “I’ll…I’ll try the old methods, maybe Clint’s morse-coding again.”
semblance I have of a family I have left in my fucking life!”
For once in his life Tony no longer feared death, instead he’d made his peace with it, and now waited for the day his existence would no longer bring harm into those he loved and cared for. Yes, he fully admits that he loves his teammates, from Wanda to Banner, and even Steve - but since Ultron he can’t blame them for not feeling the same.
Tony knows exactly what he thought, what everyone thought; that Jarvis was no more, it was only Friday - or some other voice. However, Tony had never really expected his any of teammates to show up unexpectedly, and now he silently batters himself for not thinking up a protocol that would have kept
“Are you kidding me?” Steve balks, casting a glance to the empty - whoa, wait Tony
is all Steve can think, watching with astonished glee as Tony cheers on his new dance partner. Steve had seen street performers around the city before, but they never failed to amaze him every time. Well, not every time. The talent in New York varied, of course. Tony begins to belt the little spoken-word moment in the song, directing his attention to Steve for a moment. Then he turns his attention to all those around them, encouraging them to sing along. In the back of his mind, Steve was
it Tony? - had stood and turned to face him. “Is it really you?”
“Tony…please, help is coming-”
“Oh shut it, Tin Man," Tony smirks at the nickname. The banter was half the fun of these games, after all.
But that would have meant Steve admitting he was scared. That he was
to hold on to.”
Tony snorts at the conclusion, did he just make a discovery? Hey, wouldn’t be the first time.
. He stares down serenely as Tony screams in pain, Steve’s head tilts to the side as he smiles at the writhing brunet, “I’m not going to kill you Tony, I love you far too much to
. “Okay, not the end of the world,” Steve swipes down on the screen to reveal the shortcut menu options, taps the icon to send out the Avengers distress beacon, and knew he’d just have to bide his time until the team (if not Tony himself) picked up on the signal.
Steve sits back on the couch, arms stretching over the expanse of the backrest, the foot
had been so innocent at first, just a twenty-three year old kid singing his heart out with a battered guitar at a dive bar in Bumfuck Nowhere, America when Tony first laid eyes on him. Steve had flushed
Steve pauses for a moment. Tony had answered before he’d even
“I thought you were 'game,' Rogers. Don’t chicken out now!” Steve rolls his eyes. Snatching the empty root beer bottle from his favourite Tin Can’s hands, he sets it in between where they sat cross-legged across from one another.
The brunet watches the blond’s fists ball up, and for a moment he wonders what it’d be like to get punched by a Super Soldier - because with the way Steve’s jaw tenses, he thinks he really might be hit. However, ever the Boy Scout, Steve does nothing more than breathe deeply to calm himself and answers - isn’t he just the pinnacle of rationality?
at him. Steve couldn't help it, then, because Tony just kept
.” Steve folds his arms over the - unfairly sculpted - barrel of his chest, the seams of his shirt probably crying against the strain it causes, “don’t make me repeat myself again,
over a strip of exposed tanned skin above the waist of his jeans. Tony’s collar was still slightly damp from bleaching his hair.
pet does
would would have just let him go. Tony swallows thickly, craning his neck back over his shoulder and casts the white cell one more look, hoping to find
“Two egos that big can only stand one another for so long before wanting to throttle the other.”
determined in his missions against them. However, as a result Tony stuck to the shadows and commanded his teammates from their base, only going out on missions that
Steve!
Anthony’s jaw works for a moment but not sound leaves him, at least not until after he takes a deep breath and fixes Steve with a smile the Avenger doesn’t think he’ll ever forget, “thank you, for everythin’, Steve.”
Anthony’s hand clutches at the front of Steve’s shirt, his lips warm against the blond’s, and Steve runs his thumb along Anthony’s scruffy jaw in reassurance. It felt like hours later when Anthony’s hands no longer felt rigid against Steve’s jaw, when his trembling began to taper off to little shivers, but Steve was happy that the man finally seemed to relax a little. Steve wouldn’t lie, he felt a little saddened by the loss of Anthony’s gentle lips when they were no longer pressed against his own; however, the delicate but hopeful smile on Anthony’s face was more than worth the loss. The man searches Steve’s face, a wistful smile on his handsome - but so painfully
he could use to defend himself with, but upon finding nothing he turns back and…and it’s a damned
” Tony asks, pulling him from his memories. His voice a little different when filtered through the suit’s speakers, fighting to be heard over the wind.
- that Tony would have done
“Thank you,” Anthony whispers, it was a little broken, but stronger than before, “thank you so much.”
“-it’s ten in the morning, and since you’ve arrived here you haven’t eaten and proper meal in, collectively, almost a full two months, Sir.”
be. Tony was powerless to him. Was it by design? Or had Steve really been a good man, once upon a time?
a little from its usual slow-rest rate when watching Tony like this. He’d given up on doing that months ago. However, Steve's attention is pulled from his best friend by a gentle tug at his sleeve. Looking down, Steve sees a little girl staring up at him with tightly gripped excitement, as though she were waiting for permission to express it. He smiles as kindly as he can to try to calm the kid. Some kids were nervous when they first met him, it wasn’t anything unusual. She couldn’t have been more than 10 or 11 but stood tall and confident. Her rosy cheeks framed by beautifully wild brown ringlets that swayed around her shoulders, which only made his heart melt further when she finally smiled.
- got him—”
feeling that way. Not that he wanted to.
“What about free will?” The engineer whispers, flinching when his movements causes the razor to nick the skin below his jaw, his unbroken hand fisting at the edge of the lavatory counter, “what about
A longtime familiar voice asks, one he hadn’t thought about in a long time, the voice of his long left behind
Tony’s mind screams, but before he can do any damage control Steve breathes out in surprise.
“You’re kidding me.” Steve didn’t want to say he was
If you asked him how it happened, Steve honestly wouldn’t have an answer for you; one minute he’d been entering Tony’s lab to come get their resident Tin Can for dinner, then heard a yell and a bang, and the next thing Steve knew he was stood in the middle of a desert. Honestly? Not his strangest Friday night. Steve reaches into his pocket to retrieve his StarkPhone, where ever the hell he was Steve knew he should be able to make an outgoing call, Tony made damn sure none of his phones would ever lose service.
Tony seemed amazing, but he knew why Tony was asking him to share; secrets never weighed well on Steve’s conscious, and so, he told him. Everything. Tony just about clings to his husband, but Steve doesn’t mind because he holds onto Tony just as tightly. However, Steve knew Tony’s sniffs and hiccups about his short time with Anthony was overshadowed by the prospect of facing what Anthony had; losing Steve. He knew, because if the roles had been reversed, Steve would have been a far worse sobbing mess.
Tony, but
, hold up. Hold the fuck up!” The smaller man jerks upright, eyes wide. The abrupt outburst immediately sets Steve on high alert, eyes darting around trying to find a threat.
and reaches forward to clutch at the shoulder pads of Steve’s jacket. Tony’s hands tremble where they hold onto Steve for dear life as he comes down from his high, and Steve just
Fury was going to read them the Riot Act before dawn. However, right then, he was too enthralled in Tony’s animated performative energy and the crowd’s enthusiasm to care.
Tony’s mind whimpers through it’s slowly dissipating haze.
Tony cradles the broken limb protectively to his chest, dark eyes scanning his surroundings in a vain effort to find an escape; the room around him is small, no bigger than a prison cell would be but instead dressed sterile-white with no windows and one door, decorated - and he uses that word lightly - with a single thin futon that was currently beneath him. Tony doesn’t know if it’s a relief or not that while he’s locked up in - what appears to be - a cell that could rival something out of a psych ward, and that he isn’t restrained.
teenager
enough to see if Peter’s alright.
still trying to figure it out.
“He’s still an enemy to Hydra, Tony, no matter what you claim,” his fist visibly tightening in the teenager’s mane, and Tony -
. The inventor walks towards his cot and shrugs off his tank top, reaching for the worn bindings hanging from the side of his bed - calling it a ‘bed’ was generous - and wrapping it around his arc reactor, concealing the blue glow; pulling on nondescript clothing and a scarf to help better hide his face, Tony pulls the hood over his head, grabbing his backpack for the supplies and heads out of their makeshift base. Mentally making note of the items he’d need to get - a few cans of beans, new cables to power their suits, and more first-aid supplies - as he navigates his way out of the sewer system they’d taken cover in, surfacing through the mouth of a well hidden tunnel at a abandoned and shallowed swamp. Trekking through the woods towards the city, Tony didn’t dare use a flashlight lest he attract attention to himself, and walked with purpose through the well traveled path they would take to avoid detection or tails.
If Tony was being honest, he could probably pinpoint the moment he’d doomed their relationship; it was the moment he told the world
pet, my
is Tony’s last coherent thought, body breaking out into a violent shudder.
for it; but here he was, on his knees, wanting to
“Something you’re embarrassed about, but secretly love,” he asks instead, but even
It’s a change Tony doesn’t fight.
Tony Stark. And while Tony didn’t speak, the look he shot Steve was clear enough - this wasn’t the first time he’d seen that expression during their friendship, after all. It was an expression that said;
Not with Tony.
Tony isn’t sure how or when he’s moved, but when he
. They’d laid together, embraced every dawn in the soft glow of the morning light, and Steve prayed to never lose this, to never lose Tony, not again -
laughing), and chatting excitedly with strangers as they came up to him with praise and requests for pictures and signatures. This was Tony in his element. Giving his full attention, the thing Steve
“Mine,”
what do you think, ten minutes?”
“Wanda…” he trails, clearly uncertain if he should actually share whatever information he has. “Wanda told me what she saw.”
Sir,” he rushes out, almost breathless, even after only just being fondled,
“Don’t lie to me Cap-”
Tony shakes his head, leaning back in his seat, “I-I couldn’t protect you...
of you...you were all dead and I-I was the only one left, how selfish am I that in my greatest fear I
, Tony ducks his head and captures Steve’s lips with his own; the Captain doesn’t hesitate, and neither does Peter.
and Tony knew he should hate it - should hate being so dehumanized, treated as someone’s property. And yet…knowing he was
“You need a shave,” the blond decides, moving to stand, “come, we’ll get you cleaned up.”
smiles. Bright and wide, and beautiful. The small crow’s feet only adding to the endearing way his eyes seem to sparkle. Steve’s teammate, best friend, and now
“Yes, Sir?” The man’s oldest and dearest invention replies, disembodied voice already calming him - and if he hears it’s concern, neither of them say anything about it.
the suit - and yes, there
Steve remembered being taken aback by that. Remembered his attention being sharply pulled away from his thoughts, and back to Tony’s eyes and- and…they’d softened, again. Somehow.
, it’s not bodily, but his shoulders do shake, and the sound warms Steve’s insides like that sound always does - like hot chocolate and a warm fire on a cold winter’s night in the arms of the person you love.
like a nice cardigan-” Steve offers, and feels a little more confident when Tony sputters on his drink and laughs.
Like some kind of
at it.
to Tony’s skills of thinking on the fly.
but manages to bite his tongue, “it was fine?”
That…
…TONY!” Steve cries, heart stuttering in his chest. “Please don’t…don’t leave me,
something to
The world, for all intents and purposes, hadn’t
, that’s...that’s
“SHIT!” Tony yelps - but hey, it isn’t a scream - and jumps backwards, only to trip over his own clumsy feet and fall flat on his ass,
who cuts in, “Sir I
A change Tony doesn’t
“Yes Sir…”
of the game.
in Steve’s voice, his
bedroom but…but it can’t be,
loved
it throws Tony off kilter, making him double over Steve’s leg, whimpering and clutching at his calf, whimpering as the blond continues caressing Tony’s over-sensitive cock through the damp material. Tony could have
“Not really here,” he breathes, the words were but a whisper, would have been lost in the white noise had it not been for the pin-drop silence in the room. “I…I know that,” he laughs, but it’s a brittle thing - a sound far too close to shattering. “I know this is all in my broken mind, I
Just a short and sweet epilogue, I hope y'all enjoy!
Tony internally prays, he was never one for prayer - even after meeting
to forget what was happening around you when you were hidden away from it; when you were the naive princess locked away in a tower, sheltered from the reality of the world.
Steve stares a bit longer, watching while Tony chuckles at his phone screen long enough for the Captain to take in the engineer’s features up close. They’d been closer together before, of course. But something about this moment, about the
The blond hums, gaze still locked on Tony, uncaring of the writhing teenager in his grip, “kid or no, he’s still a terrorist, Tony. Maybe I can make an example of him to deter others…like I did with Rhodey.”
Hydra.
of skin-on-skin jolts Tony into silence, his skin stinging, “a
Steve decided he’d blame the shiver he felt wrack up his spine on the chilly New York night as he accepts Tony’s ride back to the compound. Their dares seemed to…spiral, from there. They decide to stay inside for the rest of the night, both agreeing that one public display was enough for the night. But that didn’t mean they weren’t above childish behaviour. Tony dares Steve to set up a trap in Clint’s room and make it look like Bucky did it. At first, Steve was hesitant. The last time someone pranked Clint, it incited the Prank Wars of 2013. But when Tony sighed and said,
“Hello, I’m America Chavez, and my friends and I are fans of yours, and we were hoping to get a picture with you?” She didn’t stumble on her words so much as sped through them, quick enough that Steve needed a moment for the meaning to set in. Looking over her shoulder, he noticed a group of four other kids, all looking varying shades of excited and
“-and Dad even called Mr. Strange! And
“Steve you can’t really believe this is right,” Tony pleads, clutching at the front of the man’s black button-down, “there
“I’m working out some kinks with Friday’s programming,” the brunet blatantly lies, struggling to his feet, and trying not to dig himself further into the hole he’s currently in; Tony forces a lazy smile. “What are you doing here, Capsicle?”
when the Captain’s hand launches into Peter’s hair, yanking at the boy’s head and pulling Parker off his scraped knees. Peter yelps, hands straining against their bindings behind his back as he struggles,
“Jarvis? Is that really you?”
lunges himself at the super soldier. Kissing him with an enthusiasm Steve happily reciprocates.
“You did perfect, sweetheart,” Steve cooes, kissing his temple, “so good for me, my good,
“Oh please, I know
even to his hazy senses, “aren’t I always, Pep?”
know who it will have to be. Tony carefully lifts his arms, slowing just enough to broadcast his intentions when Steve’s hand tightens in his hair - a warning to tread lightly - but eventually he wraps his arms around the broad shoulders of the super soldier; Steve eats it up. With one last glance to Peter, and Tony hopes to
the fact that by his own hand - or at the hands of another - he could prevent himself from further harming those around him...it was calming.
in his face. But Steve just couldn’t bring himself to believe any of those things, not with the way Tony watches him. Silence takes over the room, but still, Steve couldn’t bring himself to panic. If only because Tony didn't. There wasn’t even a moment of surprise in his expression. Not like he’d seen this coming, but more like…Tony had been
and Tony smiles, garish, and shrugs.
However, Tony’s illusion of safety and comfort came crashing down around him a few months how ever long it had been into his…
“Don’t let your ego get to you, Tony,” Steve teases playfully. Reaching for another root beer from the counter to rinse out his mouth further. “Just ask Bucky how stubborn I can be. Spoiler,
maim me for dragging Captain America through the shopping district at this time of night, eh but who cares? I think you’d
deity that will listen that he hasn’t misstepped, that he can save
thing-”
it’s a split-second of a thing, blink-and-you’ll-miss-it; Natasha winks at him. Her face doesn’t change, her stance still as rigid as it had been when she’d dragged Peter bloody and beaten into the office, just as cold all over, but…he’d
but then remembers who he’s talking to, “you’re sayin’ you’re from another reality, an’ you look almost
“I don’t believe you are, Mrs. Chavez. I’m pretty sure you just have a brunch of trouble makers on your hands,” Steve grins at the kids tittering amongst themselves, some embarrassed while others grin proudly.
gorgeous husband.
his skin twinged green, then orange, and then
been at 110%, he still would have hesitated; it sounded like-
The Captain thought he’d feel some kind of panic roiling in his gut at the admission. That fear would strike him down, hard with the belief Tony would flee. Reject him. Or flat out
- save the life of the boy he sees as his son. Truth be told, there was no real choice. Tony knows this, and from the slow curling smirk on Steve’s face, the Captain knows it too.
easy. Steve’s going to have to up his game. For a moment the Captain debates calling Peter, the kid had a knack for stuff like this. Hell, if he was able to hold his own against Clint and
to protect Peter.
Steve stifles a grin when he hears Tony's sharp inhale, something deep and primal in him enjoying the fact he affects the man. Even if it
The blond stands upright and meets Tony’s gaze head on, “before Wanda and Pietro came onto our side, back when she was using her abilities against us and...and showed us all of our greatest fears.” Tony’s mind reels;
Steve mutters between kisses, between what feels like a chisel chipping away at Tony’s mind - his
to me it...it wasn’t like my Steve, but I could
Tony laughs, a sound associated with happiness is filled with nothing but anger and frustration - his fists ball up and the brunet is almost tempted to give into the urge to hit Steve, again.
Something in Steve breaks, right then, something he never thought existed until this very moment; he knows his touch gentles as he pulls Anthony into his chest, its instinctual, it’s the same way he held his first born - with fierce love and protection. A shield against the rest of the world. Steve holds onto Anthony as tightly as the man clings to him, Steve easily lifts him and moves them to the battered cot, and lowers them down onto it. Anthony fits against him just as perfectly as Tony does, if a little sharper at the edges, and smelling of grease and whiskey -
before the man grabs his injured wrist and twists Tony back around, bending him over the lavatory counter and pins him down with his bulk. Tony struggles against him, grits his teeth against the hot breaths fanning over his neck, and glares at the blond behind him through the mirror where he sees the Captain-
The brunet groans and wants nothing more than to relish in the gentle caress he feels stroking his cheekbone, but eventually does as he’s told; forcing tired eyes open, and - gracelessly - splutters at being met by oceanic blue-eyes framed by sinfully long lashes. Tony always claims to be a smart man, but his mind tells him
