“You know, no amount of talking will change what happened to me in there, John? In Serbia? And no amount of love will fix me. You think living together again and… being together… you think any of that makes any difference to that? Or to this
Sherlock pushes on nervously, trying to fill the silence, trying to say the right thing. “I don’t know if I want to go as far as getting married, or that sort of thing. But I
“Quite so. Is he religious?” Mycroft asked, his brain whirring with the excitement that Greg might have finally come through with the right fit this time.
“Well…I figured…you’re a military family, I heard you tell Mike that. You need to take two buses to get home. I’ve seen which stop you get on at from school, so I knew which direction and probable area to look in. We all know where the military housing is around here – lots of kids come from there to this school, if they’re smart enough. And I figured, one of your parents would be high up in the military to either have the funds, or have the pull to get you into a prestigious school like ours. So, you’d have to be living in one of the nicer houses here. Yours is clearly the latest house in the street to be newly occupied, since you’ve only just arrived. There’s newly mowed lawn. No mail overflowing in the mailbox. Easy.” He finished and looked at John who was staring at him. Sherlock's stomach suddenly lurched. He usually kept his deductions to himself.
“God, Sherlock. You know we love you too? Rosie and me? And Mary did too,” John tried to navigate what felt suddenly very awkward.
Sherlock stumbles to the chair, his knees finally giving in. The cushions have lost all traces of his brother’s warmth. Even so, Sherlock curls up against them, not bothering to close the window as he drifts into sleep once more.
“Okay Sherlock,” he let out on a heavy breath of relief, pausing to steady himself and be calm again. He pressed the bridge of his nose with his left hand to focus before he went on. At least they were getting somewhere.
“Well it’s pretty secluded but the locals are charming there – you wouldn’t need to speak German or anything like that. I just thought… if you were after a place to… sorry maybe that’s not what you need.” Mike suddenly blushed and couldn’t look at John, apparently embarrassed for even suggesting it.
John had been running on empty for nearly three weeks now, completely fuelled by rage and adrenaline. For the first time, he was starting to understand how Sherlock used to case-run without eating or sleeping. He couldn’t rest until he knew he had every last one of these bastards. The files that Mycroft and Sherlock had compiled had been comprehensive and he had managed to work through three separate compounds across Europe. He had not stopped to rest, bandaging any injuries on the fly. Unstoppable, he had taken down each person with no mercy. His military training came flooding back very quickly, despite the time away from service. The force, the aggression he used on each of these low-lifes, had been satisfying. The image of Sherlock in a hospital bed was his stimulant, the only motivation he needed. He felt no remorse as he broke bones, beat faces and even shot people. No remorse.
how much you’ve been destroyed by this. It makes it cathartic somehow. Like god has handed me your emotional pain and transferred it to my physical state.”
Greg watched so many emotions cross Mycroft’s face quietly, while Sherlock leaned into the wall, unmoving. Suddenly Sherlock chuckled, but John didn’t smile at it. The longer he laughed, it began to make Greg’s blood chill, his arm hairs bristle. It was a vile, unhappy sound. For a moment it made him really doubt Sherlock’s innocence, and his sanity.
“You went down like a ragdoll. It was a bit scary actually. They couldn’t wake you up. Someone needed to sit with you,” Sarah said matter-of-factly, like anyone would have done the same for her.
“Did you think I would just forget you were dead and go about solving cases without you or something? What… what exactly
“Ah… Nothing.” John adjusted his face to pretend everything was okay but clearly there was a message on his screen that he didn’t like. “Let me just send mum a message and let her know I have a lift home first and make sure that’s okay.”
“No, I think I’ll leave that to you,” he said, but he bent his head to give Greg a quick peck in his messy hair to reassure him.
In the distance, further up the hill, he can see the beautiful house he admires, with a light on. His stomach gives a little lurch of excitement at the thought that someone is finally there, after all this time. He can’t see anyone, but he can hear the strains of the violin carrying across the still evening air. He sips on his glass and leans on the verandah railing, watching the house with great intrigue, trying to decide who might live there. Are they younger or older? A young girl perhaps? Or an older man? Whoever they are, it isn’t just a fleeting talent, a musical whim, he soon realizes. This is a skilled musician. In fact, it is the most beautiful thing John has ever heard.
“I’m not stupid enough to think you’re going to apologise for any of the things you’ve been saying the last couple of days: when we fought the other night; what you said in your cell to me; or all the things you’ve said tonight. I know you don’t mean it, not really. I’m used to it after all this time. But Mary doesn’t deserve that,” John said, reprimanding him.
Realizing he is staring instead of helping, Sherlock steps forward and picks some of their stuff up, and carries it to the house. Unlocking the door, he finds the hallway unchanged, a bit of dust dancing in the sunlight. He carries his suitcase and violin to the living room and starts opening windows, letting fresh air in.
John looked to Lestrade, who nodded in approval. He followed the taller, imposing man, who had already walked away from the door, not waiting. John had to move fast to keep pace, his shorter legs unable to cover the distance quick enough; his cane and his pronounced limp awkwardly jolting, as he pushed forward. Finally, he caught up and was able to stroll more leisurely beside the man in silence. His umbrella clicked on the concrete flooring, John’s cane answering it. Voices of the other students echoed down the corridor towards them, but became muffled background noise, as they moved down the other stairwell and off to lunch.
“Well, the two of you have a lot to learn still about human nature I see,” John finally said, annoyed. “You can lie back down now, and I’ll go and get your medicine. Some food too, I think. No arguments. Perhaps I can sit and read you something a little less controversial to get you to rest after that,” he said huffily.
“Of course Sherlock. It’s not going anywhere,” Molly gave an awkward short laugh. She was always bad at judging the timing of her morbid jokes.
to get out of here,” he said. "If someone sees us together, they’re going to kick me out of this dorm. Scholarship over before it’s really begun,” John teased him.
James leaned in, their noses almost touching as he stroked Sherlock’s face. “John will never accept you, not like this. Not everything about you. He will never understand what you need.” James watched Sherlock closely. Sherlock tried so hard to maintain eye contact and stand his ground but the pain of knowing what James was saying was absolutely true was too much, and he closed his eyes, his head dropping in defeat. “You know how to reach me. When you change your mind. Have a good weekend.”
“I don’t know why you are trying to pretend to be something you’re not Sherlock. He doesn’t see you that way.”
“Well I’m glad. I’m pleased that it’s helped you. Just as you have helped me. Look at me, not needing my bloody cane anymore! And I’ve got so much more done on the house than I would have without your help,” John grins happily.
“Sherlock, that’s not advisable. It’s not a good idea to start behaving like you’re guilty,” Donovan commented.
“Molly?” John answered the phone so quickly, concerned, and ready. He obviously had been sitting with it in his hand, staring and waiting desperately for the call. It gave Molly a jolt.
“That’s why I left. During the concert. The way they looked at you, listened to you play. I felt so small compared to that man on that stage like I could never be good enough.”
John closed the door to his flat, taking pains to lock and chain it properly, then tossed the mail onto the nearby coffee table and placed his keys on the hook by the door, before working his coat off his shoulders to hang it up. The late Autumn weather had created enough chill in the air, so that the lack of heating was going to be annoying tonight, but he would sooner put on a thicker jumper, than keep his coat on inside. It was all part of the strange rules he held himself accountable to, to keep his life ordered and controlled. He couldn’t relax at home with a coat on, even if he was freezing. He looked around at the simple flat. He was renting it furnished, though it would barely qualify as furnished; the extra rent for the minimal furnishings was highway robbery. John didn’t have the temperament to argue, when a roof over his head was somewhat essential. The cheap, faded, far from comfortable sofa enticed him, as the ache in his leg gave a sharp twinge, forcing him to sit down. The walk from the tube station was further than he would have liked, but he was too skint to take a cab and the buses didn’t even bother to come near this part of the neighbourhood.
Sherlock froze for a moment, looking to his brother in surprise, before allowing himself to relax in relief against the wall, sighing heavily for a moment, before pulling himself up to scramble forward as best he could to get to John.
The dark slowly comes down from the mountains, crawls over rocks and trees and meadows, until it reaches the villages below. Sherlock watches, as he plays his violin, fascinated still, after so many times, by the beauty of nature. Even more so now, with the rose-tinted glasses of new love changing his perception, making the rugged edges softer, the colours of the sunset brighter.
“I am not a child, John Watson  ,” Sherlock grumbles but closes his eyes and lets John continue. John uses the advantage of his position, standing a bit higher, to bend close and brush a kiss against each eyelid.
“Sir, if I may, that explosion was anything but monotonous. If you’re planning to stop that from happening to someone else, I’m on board.”
As they followed Lestrade down a corridor, the blinds of the first room were turned just enough to take in the young woman in the room, her back to the window. Donovan was sitting facing them talking to her, the woman sobbing into her hands at a table, a box of tissues between them. The woman was petite with blonde curly hair, just like the little girl.
“He called me a faggot.” Sherlock said, looking at the ground in front of him, trying to remember when he had last even experienced that kind of treatment. “I didn’t even know people still talked like that.”
Pale fingers close around the neck, catching the instrument before it hits the wooden floor. Sherlock has never been so grateful to see his brother standing there, the precious Stradivarius secure in his grip. Mycroft must have been in the room for a while, and he is embarrassed to realize he didn’t notice the signs – a look at the armchair in the corner now reveals that he must have sat there for hours as Sherlock slept, the cushions only now losing the shape of him, Charles Dickens’
a doctor,” John answered sardonically, rolling his eyes at Sherlock’s dramatics. He leaned against the wall, arms crossed, and swapped his left ankle over his right, looking down at the ground impatiently.
They both sniggered some more into their glasses, like old friends, and then Greg realised, they really were old friends. It had been how long? Probably ten years or so since he’d met Sherlock. How had they never managed to sit and have a drink like this until now? After everything they had been through trying to help Sherlock, as they rallied around him in the hope he wouldn’t completely burn himself out. It had been a relief when John had come into the picture and taken some of the burden off their hands, if he was honest with himself. John and Sherlock had become such an important friendship to each other and to Greg. He was jealous of what they had – that deep friendship that had become something more, something special.
“It also occurred to me that, over the last two years, you’ve been alone while I had your company the whole time. Well, I had a version of you, at least, beside me the whole time, keeping me… well I can hardly say sane, can I?” Sherlock smiled apologetically.
“Can you just give us a minute?” Greg said to the other officer. “We’ll be okay. Maybe grab us some coffees?” And she took a look at John crumpled on the table, decided he was not a threat, and nodded silently, leaving the room, so Greg and John could be alone for a moment.
“Why can you never just listen to me, for god’s sake?” John said, in frustration, all the while keeping his eyes glued to the man in shadow. “I’ve seen your knives, yeah? And your photo wall. I don’t know who you are, but we are on to you. The police are on their way.”
“I’m joking, obviously,” John admitted to Mycroft, hoping he hadn’t crossed a line, but Mycroft just stared at him with no comment.
He tried, he really tried. He put his eyes back on the game, shaking his head and trying to clear the imagine of Sherlock and James.
He knows that is far into the future. Bees need lots of attention, he can’t just leave them here for months on end. But in a few years, maybe, when he has had enough of touring, they could spend spring and summer here. He knows John would like that. And he wants John to be there, can’t imagine life without him anymore. That should be scary, and maybe it is, to a degree. But mostly, it is exciting: a future with John.
“I only wanted to check…I made soup, so I’m just dropping some off, before I go out…to make sure you’ll eat something.” She said it so tenderly. She always looked after him.
Mary looked down to see it against the outside of her shirt, and when she looked up, Sherlock knew he was right. She knew he had seen it now, and her kind, caring and confused façade dropped, as she let out a laugh in earnest. A terrifying all-knowing laugh.
– he was very self-conscious about those. He feels a bit stupid standing in the middle of the sitting room, with no sense of purpose. His eyes are drawn out the large glass door to the side patio and to the forest beyond. The trees are thick with pine needles in a rich green, the bark a deep brown that is almost invisible in the shade of the forest, as if the green needles are just floating mid-air. There’s something alluring and exciting about an unexplored forest and John can’t resist the temptation.
“If Lestrade gets here soon, he’ll be fine. They’ll take good care of him… at the Yard, that is,” he said pointedly to the man, who was watching him. “But if the detective takes too long I may have to take matters into my own hands and show him what happens when he shoots the love of my life,” he said extra loudly. He heard Sherlock chuckle from the other room at his remark, before sucking in air again in pain.
“A couple of weeks?!” John yells, and he gets off the sofa to pace the floor, suddenly out of sorts.
His eyes lost focus again for a moment and then refocussed as the head-spin abated slightly and there was one more detail he had never noticed before. Her curls were always so thick around her neck and ears, but at this angle, when she leaned right down to pull the plug, her curls parted and the area of skin behind her ear was suddenly in view. And there it was: a tattoo. A bell-shaped arm with a triquetra. Like the others.
“Fine,” Mycroft says, rolling his eyes as he stands up and straightens his suit jacket, well aware he is being dismissed. “I’ll let you know what I find out.”
“It’s fine. Thank you,” John says, grabbing the plate of bread from him to place it on the counter, turning his back. “Sherlock. I—” John begins, keeping his back to Sherlock.
“Oh, you know, just… things. This and that, nothing important.” He looks at Sherlock, hoping the answer is sufficient, but Sherlock is far too intrigued now, and waits for a better answer.
say about all this?” Greg, asked. He could see John cataloguing his appearance, assessing himself in the mirror and slowly shrinking into himself in disgust, the expressions crossing his face so clearly. Greg thought that being hard on him would help. Little did he know Sherlock was right there watching.
"Hey Molly, is Sherlock with you?” John’s voice was concerned but she could hear he was trying to stay casual and calm.
Lestrade didn’t wait for Sherlock to correct it. “There’s another body. It’s in Yorkshire. We’ll need to get up there now and investigate.”
“I honestly don’t know Mycroft, it could be anything – a lack of proper sleep and food, a reaction to his meds, drugs, even a brain tumor.” There was a pause as John swallowed loudly enough that it translated through the phone line. “I just want to run these first before we get ahead of ourselves.”
“Don’t be like that, Sherlock, I’m only teasing. Come into my office,” he said more congenially, opening the stall door.
“Well he’s not here and he can’t help… and he’s not the only man in England to ever solve a crime,” Greg reacted, a little jealously. “I
“All the secrets of the free world, I assure you,” Mycroft said mysteriously as he finally pulled out the file he was looking for and traipsed back to the bed, sitting up against the headboard. Greg sat up beside him.
John shakes his head in annoyance and gets up quietly, grabbing the plates to take into the kitchen, clearing away the leftovers before walking to the bathroom and closing the door. Sherlock can’t tell what his mood is, but he suspects being interrupted by Mycroft twice in one day won’t have been ideal.
A package arrives a week later. John picks it up at Mrs. Hudson’s store, not expecting anything in particular. Inside the package is a compact disc. The cover is simple, with a black background, only interrupted by the strings of a violin. He opens the case and a note falls to the floor. The date on the inside cover reveals that this is not Sherlock’s latest recording – that would be far too quick. No, this one is a couple of years old. John’s face scrunches in confusion as he bends to pick up the note off the floor.
Anderson nodded in reply. “Well, the tiny prong reaches into your bloodstream to read data from your cells. We basically fast forward the cells as a group, past the speed of light and move them to new coordinates in time and space. By travelling so fast, time becomes irrelevant, really. We can place you in that state for a limited time. And when the time runs out, it slows down again and reverts your cells back to their original location.”
“Denied it? Oh. My sexuality you mean? I don’t know, it was a different time back then wasn’t it?” Greg said in a rush. “When
But John doesn’t seem to hear him. He grabs frantically at his pocket for his phone but of course it’s not on him. He never has it with him on stage.
“I see. And the people before me? What happened to the ones that joined before I was recruited?” he asked, nervously.
,” Sherlock said forcefully, not opening his eyes. Once he heard the downstairs door close, he finally let out a heavy sigh, as Mary found the fresh pillowcase she had been looking for in the cupboard.
“I can’t.” Sherlock didn’t even hesitate. It made John angry, but he was so tired. He didn’t have the strength to argue.
that way - never had, never would. But he knew John was always loyal and would follow Sherlock just about anywhere without question. In reality, though, they were more a couple
“Why don’t you gents take the car and go to the local in town?” Sherlock suggests, trying to brush over the fact that his trip is going to be shorter than either of them had probably hoped.
Their relationship was unique. Best friends who lived and breathed for each other and had been in exciting, life threatening situations together. Sherlock had been surprised how happily John had followed him into the fire, time and time again. He had been steadfast and loyal. He put up with every bad mood and messy experiment and Sherlock’s blunt cruel jibes. He had always expected John to leave at some point but somehow, despite everything, John had not. Sherlock had constantly felt guilty about letting John believe he was dead for so long. But even then, John had forgiven him and come back to their friendship, albeit with Mary in tow then.
Sherlock feels her eyes on him and blushes. They must be that obvious, then, running around with their love written on their faces, and once more, Sherlock is grateful for the remoteness of this place. Maybe it is a good idea John wants to stay here. He doesn’t want to drag him into this whole ‘being famous’ business. Not that the tabloids care much about classical musicians but being gay still seems to make headlines. Those, they can both live without.
“I saw your face in there. You think he did this now, don’t you?” John yelled, starting to pace in front of him.
“The Doc needs to clear you first, and I have to head home to get the party ready, but I’ll see you there ok?” Mike checked in.
“He...” John began, pointing to Sherlock’s room aggressively, “...has a collapsed lung, internal bleeding, which we’re still not exactly in the clear from, so many broken bones, Mycroft. He’s been bloody tortured for weeks in that… that dungeon! Where
. And the baby… how am I supposed to raise a baby on my own? Without her?” John managed between sobs.
“Yes.” Mycroft looked at his lap, not wanting to acknowledge how much information he was leaking right now to the man that he couldn’t seem to refuse.
“Oh, I think it’s adorable, really. You think he can love you. But he’s never going to understand you the way I do, Sherlock.”
John walks forward to sit on the top step, reading it over and over a number of times, before finally dropping the paper to put his head in his hands, the words burned into his brain.
“Exactly! Moriarty. It was time sensitive. He was going to kill you, so I did what needed to be done to protect you,” Sherlock added excitedly.
“I’m supposed to be in year 13 but with all the moving about, I was behind. We had to move overseas for a bit too, so a couple of schools wouldn’t let me move forward yet.”
John gave Mike an uncomfortable smile. That was unlikely to be successful but he would wait and see. Perhaps if John played well, and the team won, his father would be amenable to a small celebration – to bond with the team and his new friends. He could only hope his dad was in the right mood tomorrow.
“Sorry about that, it’s been a rough couple of days,” Greg offered, helping Everitt straighten his shirt and his jacket.
What if he hadn’t chosen to practice every day since he was four or five? What if he had chased other dreams? Not being a pirate, obviously, that was just a romantic childhood fantasy, but being a detective? He had wanted to solve puzzles, to use his skills in deduction to chase down criminals since the first time he had seen his first Mrs. Marple film as a child. He remembers following the local baker along the streets of their small village, finding out his visits to the cinema were not to meet a lover, but to spend time with his now-adult daughter. That was his first case, the results of which he kept to himself. He dropped the cases when practice, recordings and touring needed his attention. The deductions never stopped, though. He can’t stop them now, even if he tried.
He grabs his coat, knowing the afternoon air is sure to be cool as the light drops behind the mountain, although that won’t be for a few hours yet, and he changes into more practical walking shoes. His comfortable leather lace ups won’t do at all. It’s been a long time since he’s had the time or the inclination to go for a walk that isn’t connected to a chore or to combat. Walking purely for pleasure had become a distant memory and he feels a tightening in his throat as he remembers back to happier days when his parents would take him and Harry on walks through the forest not far from their home. Harry would run around looking for squirrels and wild flowers, and John would try to catalogue the types of birds he saw. They were happier times, long forgotten. It makes him emotional to think back to that, so he swallows the lump in his throat and clears it, returning his mind to the much more practical present.  He wonders, briefly, if he has avoided going for walks for so long because it was too painful to remember, or whether he has just become lazier the older he grew, and life had simply got too busy.
“I was going to ask if it hurts, but I guess that’s a silly question,” Sherlock joked gently, avoiding answering John's.
“Okay, sure. That might be good. It’s been a while since I’ve been able to play, so I’m rusty, but I could use a distraction,” John said calmly, trying not to give away the nerves it made him feel.
John imagined Sherlock was stroking her curls off her forehead like he always did. Rosie loved that. His deep voice was so soothing. John closed his eyes and his heart clenched at the sound of it - Sherlock calming her back to sleep so gently. It was a special soft voice he reserved only for her. She sighed into the monitor and settled. John listened as Sherlock sat heavily into the chair. The chair they would sit in to read to her, or to cuddle her. Sherlock sat quietly for a good couple of minutes, probably waiting to make sure she had properly settled. And then John realised Sherlock was still talking but very softly to himself, so he pulled the monitor up closer to his ear to hear it.
“You don’t need to apologise. I assure you it hurts less than it did to receive them in the first place,” Sherlock said dryly.
They kept the footage running with no sign of Sherlock anywhere. The time without relevant footage seemed to last forever.
It is not all resolved by their conversation on the stairs. Sherlock can still see the sadness on John’s face, especially in the quiet moments, a sadness he feels himself. When he had come home in the middle of the night three weeks ago, he could never have imagined how much the thought of leaving again would hurt. He had been too focused on getting to John, to wrap himself around him and never let go.
“Remember how I told you about that writing thing I’ve been doing?” he asks, getting a nod in response. “It had been mostly an attempt at keeping a diary, at first. But for a bit now, I’ve tried my hand at writing fiction. Since Susi went missing, actually. Not that it’s ever going to see the light of day, but it’s fun. Keeps me busy, up here. I’m close to finishing the first half of it, actually.”
“Oi, you two!” Mike yelled as he spotted them. “Are you serious? You two better not get caught. I’m not losing my two stars because you’re too loved up to stay out of trouble,” he teased.
…” John said, as he shook his head wildly. The ground under him felt like it was tilting. His head started to feel dizzy and before he could say any more he collapsed to the floor in a heap, his legs losing their strength, his hands trying to grab at the knife to pull it out. Sherlock crouched down low in his cell too, to keep looking into John’s eyes. The reality of the situation suddenly dawned on John.
Mycroft Holmes’ voice echoed in his head for a moment, and that feeling, the little thrill at the very thought of one exciting sliver of a possibility, blazed inside him like wild-fire.
“Mad man.” John says those words like a love confession, and maybe they are. Sherlock leans in to kiss droplets of water from his lips.
“Hey, will you go on ahead? I’ll meet you at class?” John suddenly said, snapping him out of his thoughts. Up ahead he could see Sarah at her locker.
Molly looked nervously between John and Sherlock who were standing in her morgue, the tension between them clear. She was really going to get it from Sherlock for calling John.
They were left in peace to eat and think, discussions roaming over the case details once again, trying to piece together how a young prostitute, an Asian man – older than her – and now this man, clearly a mid-forties sea-change farmer all had anything in common except a penchant for Celtic jewellery and an early demise.
They giggle together, John finding himself quite transfixed with Sherlock’s smile, again. This banter – he must admit – he has missed the past few months. In only two months while Sherlock was his neighbour, this man had become closer to him than John could have imagined. When the laughter dies down, Sherlock looks around them again.
“And you’re an idiot,” he said frustrated. They both looked at each other. Sherlock could hear the affection in his voice, despite the anger.
Mycroft let out a sigh as he walked around the desk and sank into his chair, his face falling into his hands.
“Hmmm,” Sherlock hummed, not convinced, lifting his paper back up to feign disinterest, flicking it into position loudly.
“Ah my second husband was military,” she had smiled sadly. “Well, the quiet might feel unsettling at first for you then, but it’s a nice safe area. The only noises you’ll hear will be the wildlife. Don’t let that worry you too much.” She had packed his goods into a box and carried it out to the taxi for him. He felt a little guilty letting her, but the walking cane did give him a bit of an excuse at least. She handed him a card. “This is my number. You just give me a bell if you have any trouble, John.” She closed his door for him as he settled back in and gave a friendly wave as they continued on.
“Not much to tell, really. They were good enough. They never quite knew how to handle us both. Mycroft took it upon himself to guide me through life. I think on some level he was trying to protect me from his own failings.”
They had gone early to ensure there were no customers. Getting John inside to case the joint with his camera had seemed perfectly harmless. He was not meant to speak to anyone else. They were not allowed to affect anything, change anything. They had no idea what it could mean if they did. Now John had already broken the first rule.
“So she must have told him about the hotel, written down the room number for him on the card and given him some verbal instructions? We saw them talking on the tape before he left,” Greg confirmed.
“Yes. Metro have been trying to control the drugs here. Kid died last week, wasn’t even twenty-two,” Greg said with a sigh. Some days he hated his job, seeing into this world.
He kisses, and is being kissed, as his hands travel over the plains of Sherlock’s back and over his arms, to find those wonderful curls, to cup that beautiful face and let his thumb brush over those ridiculous cheekbones. All the same, he can feel Sherlock’s fingertips against his neck and chest, against his shoulder blades, those clever fingers that can create the most beautiful music now eliciting soft sounds from John’s throat. His heart is swelling in his chest. John loves Sherlock so much, has loved the man for most of the time he has known him, and all of that love makes its way past his body, now, translated into kisses and touches against that soft, pale skin. It doesn’t stop pouring out of him, even when they come up for air. John drags his lips along Sherlock’s jawline in one final move, kissing the spot behind Sherlock’s ear.
“She’s allergic. She couldn’t even spend a few minutes close to Susi’s favourite blanket.” He takes the scarf off with a grin, putting it back into his pocket.
And with that the man leaves, the dog circling the garden one more time excitedly before following on his heel. John watches them go, his heart hammering in his chest, sweat building at his temples for a moment, before he can muster the strength to walk back to the house. He closes the door and leans against it, panting suddenly, the anxiety unexpectedly taking over his whole body. His fingers become cold and get the familiar tingle of pins and needles, as the blood begins to rush in his ears and he is sure for a moment he might actually pass out.
John glares at him for a moment, not wanting to give in, but he can’t stay mad at that face. It only takes a second for him to soften. “I know I—”
“Is he going to be okay?” Sherlock called out, his voice sounding strained as he dealt with his own pain.
“I uh… um…” John is suddenly flustered by the direct line of questioning and hates that he hasn’t got a good retort ready, or even a clear answer.
was about the work,” Sherlock was losing control of this situation and he could feel it. John might not forgive him.
“Sherlock, I…” John tries not to look at him, despite their closeness, the guilt of his behaviour weighing heavily on him. “I love you.”
John pulled Sherlock’s hand to his lips and kissed his fingers gently in reassurance and Sherlock couldn’t help closing his eyes, enjoying it just for a moment, pretending that none of the other mess had happened.
“Great, plenty for me to work on in the meantime,” she announced as he walked out. “Gets busy in the dead centre of town,” she snorted to herself, and it echoed through the morgue to no one.
Their legs are entangled under the breakfast table. In all his thoughts on romance – and those have been few and far between – Sherlock never considered this to be something people did, even less so, something that would excite
“So, the usual amount, I’m assuming? You going to have some now?” James said, noticing Sherlock was losing his focus. He had the usual Friday morning twitch about him, but his mind was definitely elsewhere. James didn’t want to lose his focus for a second.He always knew how to draw him back in.
was. Nothing was coming to him. He opened his eyes again, forced himself to sit up, groaning as he did from the effort. He looked himself over.
John pulled out of the kiss, to take in Sherlock’s face. It had a new expression he’d never seen on it before, he was absolutely mesmerised, and John could already tell he was cataloguing sensations into his mind palace for later study.
“Yes?” he turns back, and Sherlock pulls him back for a kiss. John wraps his arms around Sherlock and it feels desperate, Sherlock can feel the longing in his touch.
her. And they will get away with it if we don’t hurry. Check the cars, John. She’ll be there, somewhere.”
John opened his eyes to see Sherlock, alert and watching him, brushing his face gently with his fingers. John thought he must be dreaming and lifted his head off the pillow to look around and take in his surroundings, momentarily confused. Sherlock’s hand retreated in fright, having been caught out.
be, once your ankle…” he stopped, realising suddenly, that of course John may not be back on the field with this team and he swallowed as reality hit him hard. “Anyway…” he shook his head to clear it of that thought. “I’m going to talk to Mike. Look they’re coming off now anyway, and I need to talk some sense into them!” Sherlock sounded so business like as he stood more upright, preparing to storm across to them.
, where there’s a crime scene, in a case that you are potentially linked to?!” John was beside himself.
, he thought for a moment. He was dancing with his arms in the air, clearly attracted to the lights of the club, and evidently not conscious of anything or anyone else around him. Greg had been so distracted by the footage, that he had completely missed the moment John snapped.
He couldn’t help smiling at that, but the smile wasn’t his usual big smile. It was tired, and forced, and it made John’s heart sink a bit to see that. He really was struggling with seeing them. Before Rosie could make more fuss, John explained in his overly cheery daddy voice: “Detective Bunny helped us, didn’t he?” and she nodded. There was a beat of silence.
Without a word, Sherlock stands up, the bubbles clinging to his naked body, throwing Mycroft a look of disgust. He grabs the outstretched towel roughly out of his brother’s hand and pushes past him as if it’s an everyday occurrence. John feels embarrassment for him, despite Sherlock’s obvious lack of care. He grabs at the floating bubbles trying to cover his own modesty, shooting Mycroft his own look of reproach.
“He…I needed a hit…and he…he knew who I was…he used to sell drugs to Sh…” John shook his head for a moment, “…and I just couldn’t…he kept making comments about us…so I decked him,” John said, crossing his arms defensively.
“You were unreachable Sherlock. I told you. It took me six months to find you with all my resources.”
“Don’t worry, it won’t kill you. I’d rather do that with my bare hands, if it comes to that. It’s just a sedative. I’ve upped the dose a bit more than usual though,” she chatted casually, as if it was nothing. She stood and stalked slowly towards him, evidently enjoying watching him squirm.
They both stood looking at the picture on the screen. A sketch of a cross with bell like arms, one longer than the other three, but all of them sporting the trinity knot, and all of them intersected by an ornate ring in the middle.
“Sit,” John demanded firmly, as he passed Mycroft a cup. He stood there for a moment, watching as Mycroft sat and took a first sip of the tea, scrunching his nose at the taste.
Sherlock nods and smiles as the waiter arrives, placing their meals down. John looks appreciative at the fancy plating of beef and vegetables, but unsure how to begin to eat it.
“Right. Then let’s avoid any embarrassing humour with the rest of the team. They will have high expectations,” Mycroft said, pointedly.
“John, I come from a wealthy family, I don’t need the money. I’ve earned a fair bit from touring already. I don’t need the income to live. It’s about lifestyle now. I don’t want to be away months at a time – especially not now that I’ve found you. I want to be home with you at night and… close by.”
With his spare hand, he slid the box under the couch so John wouldn’t find it again. He thought it best to let him sleep for a bit before disturbing him. Perhaps when he woke, his head would be clearer. He had never seen John so lost before.
“They can hold him for up to ninety-five hours,” Mycroft offered, sipping his tea again. It irked John that Mycroft seemed so calm about the situation.
All John had to do was walk the few steps over to him and grab him; it was that simple. He wanted to do the right thing, to maintain distance – particularly while all of these complications were going on. The fatigue, however, was enough to push John over the edge and he took two very large, bold steps forward and grasped Sherlock’s shoulders roughly in either hand pulling him closer, so their bodies were touching, the heat between them only lighting the fire in him further. Sherlock was so strung out that his body was shivering, just slightly, with anticipation. They glared at each other, smouldering, neither one making the next move. John noticed a sparkle of victory in Sherlock’s eyes, but he didn’t care. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s curls and pulled his head down to meet their lips together roughly, passionately, unable to wait any longer. Sherlock leaned into it, bending his spine more to come down to John’s level, his hands grabbing John’s coat on his back and pulling him in even closer, for more traction. John moaned in delight.
. All the time. And you’d make me very happy if you would live there and be there when I come home. Besides, I’ll need those magic fingers to massage me between performances!”
John Watson looked about the classroom as a polite cursory glance, not really taking in anyone’s faces and returning to looking at his feet.
The excitement, the buzz of it all, warms them both up from the inside, the anticipation of finally getting to do this again, a relief, until the phone rings again loudly.
It hadn’t occurred to him that Mycroft would tell John everything and invite him back to be the carer. Having Mycroft and a parade of hired nurses fussing over him had been painful enough. How was he going to face John? How could he expect John to do this? Mycroft had only just told him yesterday, that John had not been living in Baker Street this whole time, during his absence. It had admittedly been a blow to the chest – almost more painful than his broken ribs. He had only just wrapped his head around that fact, around the absence of John, when in he had strolled to Sherlock’s room as if it was a regular Tuesday. As if it was perfectly normal. As if Sherlock hadn’t lied to him in the worst possible way. Naturally, the fact that he couldn’t make eye contact or bear to be in the same room with Sherlock for long was a clear indication that he was covering up just how very far from usual this all was. He hadn’t covered his conflicted anguish very well.
“Stop being nice. I can’t concentrate when you look at me like that,” John said absently as he continued looking about the room.
“Well it’s a fairly common design – the triquetra. Not necessarily in this form, but still something about it is familiar that I can’t place.”
“Sherlock has been analysing our play and is responsible for our turn around. We owe this win to him. Get up here Holmes!” he called.
“I should get you those pain meds,” John interrupted quickly, with a loud clear of his throat, before Sherlock could talk about anything uncomfortable. “I’m sure the trip here was uncomfortable and you’re ready for some more rest.”
“Your watch will let you know. An alarm will go off when you have a minute left. Make sure you leave then, and we will find a secluded place to gather before it jumps you back. Probably here in the deserted courtyard,” she pointed to the iron gates beside the cafe.
“It blew up, John,” Sherlock said, as if John hadn’t been there with him. As if they hadn’t just run through the streets after the near miss. Sherlock, as usual, had thought it was hilarious. How clever he had been to work it out in time for them to get out. John had started the run giggling along with Sherlock, then had been worried as Sherlock ran into a brick wall, momentarily losing his breath, and by the time they were at Baker Street, John was legitimately angry. Greg had not warned them what they were walking into. Even Sherlock hadn’t realised until it was nearly too late, until they had nearly been caught up in a bloody explosion.
“Your face is looking…better,” Sherlock said, changing the subject, gesturing to John's bruised eye.
“She’s part of the network,” Sherlock’s voice came from down the corridor. John looked over, relieved to hear his voice.
“Nothing,” he replies in mock innocence. “We’re just having dinner and spending some time together. And I… well after last week, I just wanted to… do something nice. And I—”
“Yes, it definitely was,” he said, without looking up, pretending to busy himself with the note pad.
“What?” John asked angrily. He was in such a bad mood he couldn’t shake it, even though he knew he was out of line.
Just the same, he was excited that he might see John today. He spent longer than he should on his hair, trying to tame the curls without looking like he had
“It’s not his fault,” John argues. “He’s been looking after you and doing what’s best for you and I’ve been fighting against it this whole time, because I selfishly want you all to myself. But I see it now. Watching you there, on stage, I can see it. I can’t be the reason you give away your gift. I
“Yes. There is. There is, Mycroft,” John said, turning around to face him. “Is your team still here? Standing by?”
“Oh. I’m his mother. What’s this about?” She asked looking him up and down, and Sherlock realised she seemed a little nervous now, checking inside behind her, as if she expected she was being watched.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He liked John when he was fiery like that. But a small part of him worried anyway. James had connections and he was sneaky. He was devious.
Mycroft stopped walking to look him up and down again, and a gentle purse of the lips led John to believe he might have hidden a smile. Was it in approval or frustration? “Clearly you miss the thrill of war. I can fix that.”
. He’s been drinking so much and he's so cold and mean at the moment. I'm too scared to say anything at all because he just bites my head off, or he sleeps. We don't speak much at all. He didn't say anything to me. He doesn’t cry. He’s like a complete empty shell. He hasn’t been like that since…”
John’s left eyebrow rose on its own in reaction to the insult. Sherlock must be feeling pretty awful right now to be throwing out bombs like that.
“Well, that depends on whether he’s done this or not, doesn’t it?” Mycroft said, turning his glass in his hand, watching the light nearby tickle the glass with rainbows.
“I just can’t believe it.” Greg was still lost, looking through the glass watching Sherlock try to negotiate with John. God he hoped Sherlock could get through to him. Someone had to.
Sherlock’s lips are sweet and soft under his, as he holds still for a moment, letting John explore first, before he answers the kiss, carefully at first, then more enthusiastically. John wonders, briefly, if he is the first person Sherlock has kissed in a long time. That thought makes his knees go all wobbly – wobblier than they have ever been before.
you. He was always missing something. I never could quite put my finger on it,” Sherlock joked, not sensing the change in John’s mood.
“I didn’t… at least, it wasn’t for—” John stumbled hopelessly, unable to comprehend why an MI6 agent would be standing here, discussing an application he had never sent to them. He spotted the irritation on the man’s face, though, and decided to be humble, to see what this was about first. “Thank you, sir,” he acknowledged with a nod of formality and obedience.
“Well, here’s cheers to a successful day of recording,” John says brightly, holding his glass up to wait for Sherlock.
None of them could possibly fathom the pure hatred he had, that they were able to go about their days blissfully unaware.
“Which should make me doubt your judgement,” Sherlock grins, and John bumps his side with his elbow.
it,” Mike gave a heavy sigh. “Now hurry up. You’re late!” he nudged at them, looking them up and down as they started to head in to the hall.  “And Sherlock?”
“You mean the crime scene? How?” Greg sat up straighter and John heard him issue a shout out to Donovan to get in his office.
John returned with a zip-lock bag and some tongs, grabbing at the small matchstick card and placing it inside the bag before sealing it and handing it to Greg.
John crosses the road behind Sherlock, reaching out to steal his hat back. His ears are already getting cold. Sherlock starts to protest, but John just raises a provocative eyebrow at him. They grin at each other again, for just a brief moment, before walking on.
. His appetite was back… he’d been working cases from home… until he wanted to go out to see one crime scene and I refused to let him go. We had one fight.
, he thought to himself. He managed to manoeuvre around them carefully and make it to the back yard. It was virtually empty back here and John stopped, to lean against the back corner of the house. This was not his first stint on crutches but it was exhausting nonetheless. He placed his weight against the house wall, his crutches still under his arms, but not holding his weight any more. He took in some deep breaths of fresh air, the relief from the heat and the noise inside was almost euphoric. He took his phone out to check it again.
John moaned as he slowly came back to consciousness. The first thing he noticed was the pain in his head. With eyes shut, he put his hand there and felt dampness. Bringing his hand to his face, he opened his eyes just enough to see blood. He had been hit on the head, hard.
“My colleague will have called ahead,” Greg said, trying to assert authority and take over from John.
“I think in this case…it might be a good idea.” He didn’t really explain himself. He didn’t want to make any mistakes. If this was a young child, he needed everything to be by the book. Greg handed him a box he had obviously already been holding for the others, and Sherlock grabbed a pair of gloves out, starting to put them on, keeping his eyes fixed on the skip the whole time, processing. They had set up a couple of lights to shine on the laneway, to give them better lighting.
Sherlock walked into the room and John’s eyes couldn’t have been any wider in pure shock. He was breathing fast, unable to process what he was seeing, unwilling to move in case this moment ended up being a hallucination.
They walk in silence, the snow under their feet the only sound between them. They sink into their ankles. John almost falls over, and their laughter finally breaks the awkwardness between them.
“Oh mate, you gave us a scare! You were out cold,” Mike was standing right behind her and leaned into his view.
I have not ingested any medical or illegal substances in the past two weeks besides the ibuprofen you keep in the bathroom cabinet."
“Oh, I’ll check that for you. Be a love, get those jams up there for me, I’ll be right back.” She scutters away, and Sherlock finds himself sorting raspberry jam into the highest shelf until she returns with a small parcel.
The first half of the game went by quickly with the added distraction of Sherlock watching. The team was playing well, they were in the lead and John ran off with great excitement. He went straight to his locker and grabbed his phone to text Sherlock, ignoring the team’s shouts and the coach’s instructions.
“Can’t afford London on an army pension,” John scoffed back, a little annoyed at himself for not covering the bitter sound in his voice more carefully.
This was clearly not Sarah’s first party at Mike’s house and she wove her way through the people to the kitchen area with a comfort level that would only come from many visits. John smiled to himself. She was so quiet, almost demure at school around him and already she had declared her interest and taken control of the situation at the party. He liked this assertive side to her. He lacked so much confidence that it was nice to have someone take the lead for a change. Maybe this could work. Maybe Sarah was actually a good fit. Maybe he would try and kiss her tonight and see how that felt, see if there was chemistry. Or maybe as usual, he would do nothing at all.
“Hmmm,” John hummed in thought, and Greg hoped he was remaining as impartial as he had promised to be. “There!” John finally called out, finding Sherlock on a screen.
“It certainly seems so now, yes.” Mycroft held John’s stare. “If they knew to send this to you. I had someone trailing him and the trail has gone cold.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t know what came over me I just… you were just being so… and I just caved. I can’t seem to stop. When you… I thought you didn’t want me. I thought we were over.” He looked at John with sadness.
“Come on John, it’s been ages since we’ve been able to have some fun,” Sherlock said with a cheeky look. “Please?”
“What are you doing here?” John asked, his voice rasping from the tears, confusion clear on his face. “You don’t live around here do you?” he sniffed loudly.
“Well Rosie, here we are. What shall we do first?” John asked his excited daughter who was jumping up and down on the spot on the grass, waiting to be allowed to go onto the playground area.
this close to Sherlock, but he knew this wasn’t what Sherlock wanted, so he was trying to be helpful, respecting the detective’s wishes. So he sat, near the door, watching Sherlock breathing, hopeful that he would pull through all of this.
“Oh please, yes go. Don’t be late on my account,” Sherlock said politely, looking John up and down and trying to figure him out. John gave him a nod one more time before turning to walk away.
“I told you it was a trick. I thought…all that time working together…you might have understood the clues. You might have figured it out.” Sherlock was frustrated, but more at himself, with the realisation that John had missed them. All of them. How could he think Sherlock would really do that to him?
“Well I mean, that’s just a regular day here in Baker Street, isn’t it? The thrill of the chase and all that. You have to admit it’s never dull,” Sherlock said cheekily.
“Let me go and just sit in the café. I’ll stick to the eight minutes. For now. I won’t go on the day of the explosion. Just let me spend time there. A
Sherlock stood there looking at John, his heart hurting. No wonder John had stayed away from school looking like that.
It was a simple statement, but it makes John glow all over. The power he feels from knowing his fingers can release something for Sherlock, feeling those muscles soften beneath his touch, noticing how his breathing eases, is a heady cocktail indeed. Sherlock sighs as John instinctively moves his fingers up into the mess of curls to massage his scalp. John can’t believe how confident he feels doing this, but he wants so badly to help Sherlock, to unwind him. Sherlock needs this. The heat he feels inside himself, from being this close to Sherlock, from being allowed to touch him this way, is maddening, though.
“Sherlock?” John asked, unsure if he was really listening, and wanting to at least make eye contact before he left for the day.
“Fine, then let’s stop talking about it,” John said, sitting back on the bed in resignation. They sat in silence together. Sherlock could hear John’s breathing, sense the heat coming off him in waves of frustration, but he was using all of his willpower, it seemed, not to snap again.
Sherlock didn’t want to see the look on Lestrade’s face as he walked in. But there it was, the pitying, the awkwardness, not knowing what to say. He made sure to enter with extra dramatic flare, a swish of the coat that said,
Sherlock shook his head, clearing his thoughts and looked back over at John, who was staring right at him. Sherlock gave him a smile and an awkward wave and headed over. John's crutches and bag were blocking access, so he walked into the row in front and climbed over the chair back to sit beside him where there was space.
John’s heart squeezed tighter in that moment. Sherlock was more vulnerable than he had realised and that was why he was acting nicer than he had expected. This didn't seem like someone who didn’t want John there.
“Right. And even though you don’t use it that often, it still has more of a callus there, right?” she pressed on.
From the time the last customer – that dashing man – entered the café, to the moment it exploded was a total of only eight minutes.
Sherlock sniggered at his error and Mycroft paused from getting out of his chair to process what he had said, before rolling his eyes at his brother’s childish behaviour.
“It was always part of the plan,” she said calmly. “We were always going to die, like Moriarty. All of us. We just had to make sure you suffered in the process.”
“No no Tehrok!” Rosie began to cry. Sherlock sat up, gently placing her on the ground and John smoothly swept her up and onto his hip, handing Sherlock the phone. He bounced Rosie on his hip, moving away down the corridor to allow Sherlock to hear, but to be close enough to listen in. The hairs on the back of his neck standing up, and ready for battle. At this hour, Mrs Hudson would probably be awake and would be willing to take Rosie. She was always an early riser. John felt a stab of guilt at how instantly his pulse had quickened at the idea of leaving his daughter to go on a case.
“No seems not. No connection, no contact. I think he may be an acquaintance or a partner of whoever lived in that house, but the records of the lease are blocked, sealed.”
He was still in everyone’s way, so he moved slightly to the side, right to the edge of the landing where the stairs took you back to ground level. He squeezed himself over to the very edge, to allow people to get by, and leaned forward onto the metal railing to watch, just for a minute longer.
, he would have loved to have actually been on a hot date with John and now, he had made a joke about it. And John was clearly not interested. And it hurt.
Sherlock was pacing on the far side of the room beside the window, wearing a hole in the floor from the repetitive movement. He bit at his thumbnail nervously, supporting his elbow with the other hand, his arm crossing his body protectively, his eyes unfocussed on the people around him.
One minute he heard conversation in the background while he watched the footage, the next second, John had Everitt pinned against the cage wires, hand at his throat and screaming into his face.
“No. No I didn’t hit my head, I just kind of…” Sherlock moved a bit to remember what exactly was bothering him. “…my ribs are a bit sore.”
John placed his hand over Sherlock’s to pause the unpacking of the food. Sherlock finally looked up at John’s face and was confused by what he saw there.
“Yes, that’s her. We will take her to Bart’s to confirm the identity of the girl. Mother’s been away at her sister’s and returned home this morning to find her girl missing. They’re young Sherlock, you were right.”
“Take him,” Lestrade directed his team. It took two officers to handle the cuffed man once he came to.
Mike looked at John first, then Sherlock, shocked and impressed and John gave him a smug smile. “Told you.”
He was going to wait at the end. John couldn’t quite process how excited that made him feel, considering only minutes before he was thinking about approaching Sarah. Sarah was lovely. Sarah was gorgeous. A sensible choice. But Sherlock, well Sherlock captured him in a way no one had before. He always wanted more time with Sherlock. This past week spending more time with him had been so great. And now he was
“Shall we have tea?” He said it a little too brightly, “John!…” he called out to the flat before his brain finally caught up and he remembered.
Sherlock closed his eyes again, annoyed at himself. It was getting harder to keep track of reality. He had started shaking again from the cold, and the pain it was causing made it hard to concentrate.
.” John said again more forcefully, until he looked up. “Don’t worry, okay? I’m not changing my mind. Got it?”
Even through his coat, the plastic chair was cold and he could tell the evening temperature would be freezing. He should have worn gloves.
“John,” his dad was firm. He wasn’t up for discussing this in any detail, “I don’t want you to get distracted. Your school work is important. Playing well for your team is important just—"
“Mycroft…” he checked, but Mycroft was walking quickly and not speaking. This did not instil confidence.
“The design doesn’t come up in the database as anything significant – nothing crime-linked at least. Just your run-of-the-mill Celtic tattoo. It seems to be a triquetra on… maybe a bell? Do you think that’s a bell shape, Greg?” she asked for his help.
“Mycroft?” John asks and Sherlock can already feel the tension rising. A moment ago, things had been so good. Sherlock closes his eyes.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say at that and just stares at John. It’s as if no one has ever complimented his playing to his face before.
“Hello? Are you alright dear? Can I help you?” A lovely older lady had opened the screen door to the house, looking out at Sherlock, wiping her hands on the little floral apron tied about her waist. Sherlock was momentarily surprised, coming out of his thoughts and taking in the lady. He could see this was John’s mother. John clearly had her eyes and eyebrows, and her gentle smile - he could see the family resemblance immediately. Her greying-blonde hair framing her face with gentle waves. Her face friendly and expectant and kind.
Without a doubt, Mycroft could see John's eyes were red and his face had been twisted in anguish. “What happened?”
“Well John, don’t worry,” she continued to reassure him. “He has been through a traumatic couple of years. It’s going to take him a while to get back to normal.”
“I’ll be interested in your thoughts on the explosion. You’ve watched it many times. Perhaps seeing the space might give you insights into where the blast could have originated from. As a military man, I’m sure you will have ideas on that.”
She paused her reading, resting a hand on the book to hold her place and gave Mycroft a sympathetic smile. He found it patronizing, although he was sure it was a well-practiced look she used regularly in her work. “Not too sure,” she said gently. “It’s got to be drugs though, surely, given his history?”
John lifted his head and turned to look at himself in the mirror, and he suddenly felt so tired. He barely recognised himself in the reflection. His face was drawn and so thin, dark circles under his eyes.
Without even looking at Sherlock, he heads straight for the door. Sherlock feels almost as if he’s been slapped in the face. This is not quite the reaction he had expected. It takes him a second to think before he leaps out of the chair.
Neither of them had realised just how much John had cared about Sherlock because caring was something they stayed far away from. They had not considered the ramifications of leaving him out of the planning. Ensuring he witnessed the fall, and grieved it as the trusted friend, was part of the plan. To ensure he remained safe, to ensure he remained blame free and could live on. It had not occurred to them that John was not willing to live as long as Sherlock did not. It was a cost Sherlock had already decided was beyond his ability to live with. He knew what his decision was, the second he was told. The second he had returned to British soil and he was told. There had been no other option for him. He had just been waiting.
The awkward slow walk across the front of the class to the door on his crutches was excrutiating. John glanced over at Sarah briefly, who was blushing as well, eyes in her lap, not willing to look at John. He felt a pang of guilt. Finally he reached the door, which Sherlock held open for him, closing it gently before turning to face John. Before he could speak, John leapt in.
When he comes back into the main area, it has been cleared of most of the furniture, the comfortable couch they had spent much time on no longer there. In its place, a thicker rug and microphones, and a bunch of wires, with lights heating the room already. There is a sound desk with a man in headphones madly preparing things and Sherlock is standing in the middle of the room, violin in hand and looking quite tense and lost.
“Mycroft, I’m not sure where you are right now but Sherlock needs you. He’s not well… yes… he’s with me. In Yorkshire. Your driver brought him apparently… yes, that’s right. No he’s
It hadn’t taken long for chaos to take over the quiet park. Several police cars. Lots of police in rain jackets. Police tape everywhere. The crime scene photographer already in action too.
Mycroft gave John a nod of respect, despite him not being able to see it, before walking out of the room. Sherlock looked to John, clearly waiting for a telling off, but John just lay still, and silent.
“Jesus,” John lets out on a breath. “Well perhaps we should swap jobs though, just to be safe at least.”
Sherlock’s angry voice, coming from the bedroom, made John smile briefly, but it was a smile which didn’t quite reach his eyes. He was too busy taking in the room – this familiar room that he had avoided for so long, the memories too painful for his brain to fully process. And yet, here he was again, looking at their chairs, still sitting opposite each other, hearing Sherlock’s tantrum from down the hallway, as if no time had passed.
“Maybe someone is removing gang members one by one in different ways to try and make them look disconnected?” she suggested.
Sherlock chuckled. “No, you looked very peaceful, in fact. Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you. I just—” he was too embarrassed to continue.
“Sorry mate, you okay? Didn’t mean to hurt you – get a bit bruised in the practice yesterday?” Mike asked casually as he sat in the chair in front of Sherlock.
“And now we have a farmer. In a small town in Yorkshire? How could he possibly be connected to either of those people?” Greg asked, frustrated.
“Nonsense, it’s fine,” Sherlock said, his voice struggling to come out steady, the pain giving him another sharp awakening. He moved past John, stubbornly, heading for the couch.
“You can’t keep me here, not without my lawyer,” Sherlock’s voice mumbled through the distortion of the speaker on the wall, interrupting John and stopping him from speaking as he observed the scene in front of him.
“Thank you. I don’t know what to…thanks,” he finished awkwardly, willing himself to stop talking so much. They sat there quietly for a bit and John began to feel like he was intruding and Sherlock clearly didn’t have more to say so he felt he should leave him alone.
Dropping to his knees, Sherlock’s mouth finds its way down his belly, following the trail of golden hair, kissing and nipping at his skin, until he can finally wrap his lips around John. For a while, then, it is just the taste of John, the weight of him on his tongue, the sounds he makes – a composition just for Sherlock, teased from him with licks and sucks and bobs of his head. Sherlock could listen to him forever, wants John’s fingers in his hair, his trembling thighs framing Sherlock’s chest.
But now it was prime awake time for Rosie. She wanted cuddles and then attention and then food and 4:30am was always awake time. The call was still a surprise, but they were well and truly awake. In fact, Sherlock was on all fours, Rosie balanced on his back.
“You know in all the years I’ve known you… you’ve never… I don’t think I’ve ever seen you with a partner,” Greg commented, taking another sip, for courage.
can know it. You’re just kidding yourself if you think that. I am no good. And I think you should go, and just leave this in our hands now. There’s nothing you can do
John wasn’t one to pray very often but he had prayed over the last hour. Sherlock had not needed sedation, he had slept soundly for the entire time, exhaustion taking control.
Sherlock smiled at his phone. John was excited that he was there. His thoughts were interrupted by the girl from his aisle needing to step back in over him, her hands full with popcorn and a large drink. Before he could stand again, to let her in, she moved forward only to trip on his shoe, spilling some drink on him. He stood in shock, only to have her spill more drink as she tried to right herself. The two of them in an uncomfortable dance of trying to untangle and apologise. Sherlock moved out into the aisle again in embarrassment, a number of people near them turning to look and comment. He would have to go to the bathrooms to dry off his shirt, which was now wet all down the front, or maybe he should just leave. He did promise John he would be there at the end, though. He couldn’t sit in this cold air with his shirt all wet though, so he decided to make his way down the grandstand to head to the bathrooms.
But somehow John has coaxed it out of him. Sherlock realises he is playing a particularly mournful song, matching the pain in his heart, and he becomes suddenly self-conscious. Letting go of this side of himself to return to the lights and bustle of professional playing was going to feel so uncomfortable – even after such a short break. In the performance world, two months was a lifetime.
Mycroft sat with that for a long time. “I have to discipline you, or they’ll know.” The admission let John know he’d already softened.
He would just have to suffer the torture of asking his brother to help a little with information and a ride after school.
“Sehnenfäden?” John tries to pronounce. “That’s German, right? I recognize the a with those weird dots on top.”
“Okay… so what was the cause of death in yours then?” he asked, trying to encourage her to keep going.
The John in his dreams wasn’t just a beguiling, domineering military John. He was angry, furious, violent and seeking revenge. Surely, Mycroft hadn’t really brought John here? Surely, John wouldn’t go after the network in his stead? John had to be back in Baker Street, safely living his life, having moved on from Sherlock’s apparent death. Sherlock had plotted his return so many times, so many ways as he travelled Europe dismantling the gangs one by one. He hadn’t yet settled on the best way to re-appear, but it was the only thing keeping him going through it all – the thought of being able to return to John and bring him up to speed, so they could return to normal. He thought he had heard John at the hospital at one point, but his bouts of consciousness had initially been so short and fuzzy. As he had improved, his sedation regime lightened, he had realised that he must have been mistaken. Of course John wasn’t here. Mycroft would respect his wishes on that. His brother could be a dick at the best of times, but he never joked where John was concerned. Not when it really counted. He understood how important John was to Sherlock. No, the few times he had really been more lucid recently, he had only seen Mycroft, or the medical staff.
“Christ Sherlock!” He let out on a sigh, as he stood up. “Only you could cut yourself making toast!” For a brief moment John smiled. It felt so nice to actually smile. He came to the kitchen, unsteady on his feet still. “Sit down, for god’s sake! Let me fix that.” John grabbed the first aid kit from under the sink.
He was just reaching for his beer on the table when the man made a phone call, putting his phone to his ear, his demeanour changing before he turned, looking out the window, straight in the direction of the camera, in surprise. John sat back for a moment, as if he’d been spotted watching. Something in the look on his face made John pause – the gaze was so intense – his hand still on the neck of his beer bottle, frozen and unable to move. The look of desperation was clear on his face. John dared not move yet.
. But then, maybe he is just looking for peace the way Sherlock is, a few moments of quiet surrounded by the woods and the mountains.
“You left me,” John said his face starting to dissolve into emotion, unable to hold the anger any more.
Greg knew what John was trying to check. Was Sherlock in the bathrooms getting a hit from this dealer? Or, was he already on something before he got to the club? Or
“Here I am, God help me,” John chuckles, taking a few brave steps, arms wrapped around his chest. The waves are lapping just above his ankles now, at the stark tan line that has formed from the seams of his socks, his toes curled into the pebbles beneath.
“Well that’s good, right? That could help.” John was already scooting himself across to the edge of the bed to get off and leave. Greg nodded, his face serious.
The boy looked Sherlock up and down again, deciding whether he was required to answer this imposing figure.
The frustration was real. Days were bleeding into one another and Sherlock’s once astute mind had become a foggy grey mulch – like the stale cold porridge he was being fed. It was a challenge to even stay conscious these days or keep track of how the hours passed. He
In all the years he had dragged Sherlock’s sorry arse out of drug dens, collected him from the shop fronts he’d fallen asleep in front of or removed him from crime scenes he’d become overbearing at, he’d never felt as sick as he did today. As much as everyone joked about Sherlock being dangerous or unpredictable, he really wasn’t. Greg had understood the patterns of his behaviour all the way through: struggling lonely genius, needing an outlet. Today was something different. And this time, Sherlock was not the raging, indignant, arrogant git he usually had been when Greg picked him up. This time, he was compliant. He let Greg lead him to the car.
“I don’t know how to reach him. How do I fix this?” Sherlock put his head in his hands. His mind palace would have to guide him. Where would he go? He hadn’t returned home or Molly would have called, and he was sure John would have come here to the grave to be with Mary.
he threw it back on the table, a letter addressed to the neighbour (the new postie really was not as good as old Stanley who had retired), and a small padded package. He sat more upright on the couch, turning the package over with interest, but no return address was on the back of it. He wrestled with the flap, firmly stuck down – enough so that he had to get up and find something to help slice it open. He grabbed at his keys on the stand near the door and scrubbed at it roughly, trying to loosen it. The flap gave way so suddenly that the package and his keys fell to the ground and a small memory stick fell out onto the floor. John’s brow creased as he bent over to pick it, and the packaging up, looking inside for any more information. There was nothing else, just the stick. He held it between his fingers, turning it around to see if any labelling or markings would give away what it was for. Still nothing. He collected his keys off the ground and put them back, cursing himself internally for the need to once again be tidy and predictable.
“Right. So they could be religious nuts? Or pagans? Or lovers? Or have randomly chosen the same tattoo and have no connection at all?” he said, frustrated.
“Oh Sherlock, you really must eat. You shouldn’t be stuck here like this all the time… it’s not decent,” she said on a little sob.
“You going to talk to him?” he asked Lestrade without making eye contact, keeping his focus firmly on his confused genius.
John tried Sherlock’s phone but there was no answer. There was no sign of him anywhere. Not under the tree. Not the library. He hadn’t meant to attack him, but his emotions were so on edge, it just came out of him. His first instinct was to push Sherlock away, to make it easier for
“Let’s not start playing tit for tatt, mate,” Greg replied. “I’m sure I could have you shut down pretty quick smart. That man’s brother could have you completely erased,” Greg assured him with renewed confidence, flicking a glance at John, who was wired and still pacing, but focussed back on the screens.
He put his coat and scarf on, just in case Sherlock intended on saying something, anything, to give him time to process.
John focussed back on his screen, noting down details, trying to stay on task. His eyes misted over slightly as Sherlock came into view. He did always love the bits when Sherlock graced his screen. He couldn’t help reaching out and touching Sherlock’s image on the monitor. If he closed his eyes he could even still smell him – his subtle aftershave, mixed with hair products of some kind.
John sat back and watched as the two people he loved most in the world played together in the sunshine.
Sherlock was gone from the kitchen. He had walked off mid-sentence to his room, continuing to talk – as he did sometimes – assuming John had long-range hearing skills he didn’t actually possess.
But there is something he can do, Sherlock realises. He runs upstairs to pick up the things he needs, stuffing them in a bag. On the way to the door, he picks up the can of beans on a whim.
“Right, well that’s you taken care of,” Mary said coldly, stepping over John’s legs to look to Sherlock. “And when they find
They stand opposite each other in the living room. Sherlock’s eyes are pale in the dim light, piercing him, wanting answers.
“Ok. If you’re sure, then fine.” Molly understood when Sherlock was not open to conversation. They had worked together for a long time now and she could respect that. He needed to remain focussed on the case. “I’ll have to go and prepare some paperwork first. Do you want to go up and work in your lab for a bit and I’ll let you know when I’m ready? Lestrade already sent a few things over from the scene to look at which I had put upstairs.”
“Let’s get a few hours’ sleep and we can do some more leg-work in the morning? Maybe go back to the morgue and see if anything else has come up?” John suggested.
“Wait, what are you doing Sherlock? Are those Greg’s case files?! You’re not meant to be looking at those! If they call you back in for questioning and you’ve seen these—”
“I can’t seem to keep them apart. And it’s been eating at me all week John because, she’s not even my... she’s not
“John, it’s okay. You had other things to be worrying about. I shouldn’t have pushed,” Sherlock placated him, “I’m not very good at this.”
John turned away and stormed towards the car without another word. He tried to open the door before Greg had unlocked it, the handle leaping out of his grip awkwardly. John kicked at the front tyre and swore under his breath at himself in frustration, before Greg clicked the remote to unlock it and John tried again. This time he got in, not before throwing an angry glare at Greg and slamming the door. He sat heavily in the passenger seat, enough to make the car wobble and wrapped his arms around himself in anger, as he waited for Greg to get in. Greg moved quietly, slowly and just waited in his seat, not starting the car, not looking to John yet, just processing what John had said. He was right, and Greg felt immeasurably guilty about it. He
“No, John, I was just leaving. Please come in,” Mycroft said, far too politely, giving his brother a nod, which was far too encoded with meaning between them for John’s liking. Once again, he was out of the loop. “I’ll go and make the arrangements,” he said to Sherlock as he left the room.
. You said you would trust my judgement… no he’s resting now… he can’t talk now… actually, he’s been sleeping for…” John looked at the clock and realised Sherlock was having a nap of epic proportions.
there at the extraction? Would he be angry? Would it upset him that John had finished the job he had expected to do? Would he ask John to leave when he found out?
this with us?” John let out in frustration, shaking his head. “What do you want from me Sherlock? I don’t understand what’s happening here. With you.
“That’s why I’m here, Sherlock. Whatever you need.” John hoped that Sherlock would read in his tone that he really meant that.
“Great,” he said to himself as he tried to pull his jacket off with the phone still held to his ear by one shoulder. The phone slipped out and hit the ground as he heard Greg answer.
“Yes, that’s what I thought too,” she admitted. "I think actually Sherlock’s not going to be able to do this. Without you. Will you come? …
“Fine,” Mycroft acquiesced, stiffening slightly. “Tell me more, then,” he demanded, with a slight sigh, and an eye roll, in surrender.
“That’s the last time I try taking the tube to do the groceries in London. I forgot how much it bloody rains,” he sulks and Sherlock can’t help laughing, until eventually, John joins in.
John chuckles at Sherlock’s excitement. “Sounds perfect,” he says, dragging off his wet coat to dump it on one of the suitcases. Letting out a loud sigh, he joins Sherlock in the bathroom. “Oh, it really is good to see you, Sherlock,” he says, looking relieved.
An attractive blonde lady, with too much cleavage, walked in to get a takeaway coffee and left a couple of minutes later. An old man and his dog walked into the dry cleaner’s next door. A mother with a baby in a pram struggled to get through the door of the café, hair chaotic in the wind, her toddler pulling at her jacket. She was helped in – by the owner, perhaps – and finally
“I know… I just… once I saw you I…” Mycroft cringed at how his words were deserting him in the presence of this man.
“Not good,” John replied, walking into the room towards her, unsure what else to add but acutely aware they had both just killed any attempt at casual, friendly conversation. “He’s certainly struggling with the fact that he can’t help with the case. Meanwhile, I’m struggling with the fact that I’m not as good at this as
“Sherlock,” John tried to warn him, hoping he would sit back down. He didn’t want the team to get a fine, for bad behaviour. He had not witnessed Sherlock be so invested like this before. Not in football, at least.
“Yes. I’ve had trouble working out what is real and what isn’t, I suppose,” Sherlock said quietly. “When I was in that cell, I…” his voice drifted off as he checked John’s face for signs of disinterest, but John was listening intently. Sherlock’s eyes dropped, the guilt flooding in. He couldn’t say this while making eye contact with John. “I imagined you were there. With me.”
Sherlock swallowed, stopping in his tracks briefly. The threat was always there, that James would stop, that
“Sherlock,” John sighed suddenly, “what do you want from me? You tell me you need a friend, and you want me to help you stay away from James and from… and things seemed to be going well and then you… and you say you and James are
“Coming, little Bee,” he said lovingly to her, as he smiled at John, raising his eyebrows in defeat. She ran away from them again, giggling as she went, hoping for Sherlock to jump up and chase her.
“Wow. No one’s ever stood up to him before. I think I might… like you a bit more right now,” Sherlock said with a laugh.
“Shall I make us a cup of tea?” John said brightly, walking to the kitchen, trying to regroup. Maybe it was time to talk to Sherlock about his concerns. Let him know he would start looking for another place.
He got up and threw on his pyjamas and his coat over it, realising it was far too cold not to be dressed properly.
He doesn’t mind the snow, or the cold. Not enough to consider going back to London. If he is honest with himself, he hasn’t seriously considered that at all. In all this time, John hasn’t felt the urge to get back to the busy streets, into the buzzing city, the promising adventures and excitement. For so long, he had only ever imagined his life there. But then, he had still been someone – a surgeon, an army captain. Now, as ‘just John’, this remote, secluded place seems to fit him better.
Sherlock sat still, without saying anything, and John nodded. He had expected it to go about as well as that, but something in him had finally pushed it out of him.
sorry about that.” He put his hand on Sherlock’s arm for a moment, needing to touch him one more time.
“You really are an idiot, aren’t you?” Sherlock comments, hand reaching out to tilt John’s chin up, until he is finally forced to look. More emotions are reflected on the other man’s face than John has ever seen. There is a slight smile around his mouth, but his eyes reflect John’s sadness, while the lines on his face speak of worry and anger and confusion. It awakens a sudden need in John to comfort Sherlock, instead of focusing on his own chaos.
In the distance, just beyond the fuzzy part of his unconsciousness, some noises began to disturb the peace he was enjoying.
“I suppose that bruise on your neck is…nothing too?” Sherlock gestured to the side of his neck where a clear mark was there. Sherlock was pretty sure they were finger marks. John grabbed at his jumper and tried to adjust it, lifting his shoulders to try and hide his neck. He hadn’t spotted that bruise this morning. Usually he covered them so well. Sherlock let out a sigh and rummaged in his bag.
“I’ve been… writing,” he says, his ears colouring with embarrassment as he walks back to the kitchen, grabbing plates to set the table.
“Oh, just nonsense, really. Case related dribble. A trip to the morgue, some more arguments with Sherlock in his cell. Just anxiety driven I suspect.”
Sherlock paused for a moment, looking up at John, deciding whether to be honest or not. “James had some choice words to say about my absence, the last two Fridays, yes.”
John glared at Lestrade, “Did you know?!” But from the look of shock on Lestrade’s face, he realised he was not alone in the deception.
“No, no. Please, John,” Sherlock implores him. “Don’t rush off. There’s something I need to talk to you about, actually.”
me to be in on the plan. You left me. You didn’t want me to be involved. I think the message was pretty clear,” John said bitterly.
As a child, Sherlock hadn’t really cared, playing in the water for hours as Großmutter sat on a bench, smoking and reading, her dress always a bit too elegant for the occasion. She would always hold a towel open for him as he came out of the water, lips frozen blue, wrapping him up in it, stroking his hair. “My little shivering Sherlock,” she would say, every time, with a sparkle in her eyes.
Mycroft knew that Greg enjoyed the speedy banter back and forth, sometimes a little too much. He was determined to find Mycroft what he was looking for, and the gentle stroll down the corridor was just another excuse to spend time together. He was adorably predictable.
“It just feels… it feels like déjà vu, you know? He’s in the spotlight, again, and everyone doubts him – even me – and he’s pulling away again.” John swallowed hard. “Last time…”
She always seemed to dress as if she was in a hurry, or didn’t care what her ensemble looked like. It was charming in a way, and annoying in another. But Sherlock supposed that when you worked with dead people, no-one really minded what you were wearing. Molly had been a steadfast part of their lives for years now. It never got old watching her fumble and blush around him. Sometimes he used it to his advantage. He knew he should feel guilty, but he didn’t. John often scolded him for it. She did it less often since the incident on the phone. The understanding between them that the “I love you” was nothing beyond friendship, was cleared up, and Molly had gone back to being “just Molly”. This was the first time since then, that they had been alone without John, just standing in a room together. But Sherlock suddenly realised he didn’t know how to make good conversation with Molly. That was always John’s area.
Reading through the paper was tedious. Always the same dribble, which was why he usually let John check the headlines. John was able to spot the human element, figure out what would interest Sherlock just enough.
“He’s such a jerk, honestly,” she said angrily. “Just prepare yourself, John. You’re stepping on his territory there,” she warned.
John glances up and sees Sherlock looking unsure, looking unsteady on his feet, not wanting the question to be asked. It does not improve his mood.
Suddenly, the door to the interrogation room flew open and Sherlock stood in the doorway. It was almost ridiculous, like a super hero's entrance. John almost laughed aloud, sure that the mix of drugs and alcohol in his system had finally snapped his mind. But he didn’t make a sound, he just sat there wide eyed, unable to speak.
“Well, yes, that would give you a vague idea,” Mycroft admitted, although he was clearly unimpressed that television was John Watson’s constant point of reference.
He is a dark shadow against the door frame. Snowflakes cling to Sherlock’s dark curls, making them look even softer than they usually do, and John catches himself imagining running his fingers through them before it finally dawns on him. He is here. Just like the first time, out of nowhere, Sherlock Holmes has just crashed into his life, and John is on his feet within seconds.
When John opened his eyes again, Sherlock had made himself at home at the front table, his usual spot. John noted down the file number he was viewing and started taking notes – who else was inside, what he observed them doing. He noticed that Sherlock seemed more on edge than usual, constantly jumping at every new arrival through the door, watching more intently out to the street, as if he was expecting someone. He would check his watch every so often. He was restless.
“How are you here?” John pulls his hat over his ears, and Sherlock makes a dismissive sound at the obvious inquiry. He answers it, anyway.
In an attempt to pass the time, he grabs at his violin and tries again to will the music into his fingers. Surely in this beautiful place, music should be able to arrive without effort? As much as he needed the break, the feel of the instrument under his hands always floods him with a love he has never felt anywhere else. He caresses the strings with his left hand, the bow with his right, and puts them together with a gentle sigh. The beginnings of a melody start to flow as he closes his eyes and, for a moment, he relaxes. But less than a minute later the magic has passed and his brain clouds over, leaving him frustrated. He drops the violin to the sofa, more roughly than he should, and walks away from it in annoyance, pacing the floor again. He needs something, anything, to do.
“Sherlock,” he turned quickly, the frustration boiling over, ready to lose his temper again, before looking at his friend properly.
John laughed at that. The chaotic waitress he had named Lily-Rose, no doubt. “Yeah, no worries, I was going to grab a coffee on my way through, but I’m actually looking for a place to have a meeting. Would you mind if I just checked out the space? To see if it might work, while you’re—”
Sherlock was waiting outside their classroom nervously. John had not been answering his texts or calls since after the game on Saturday. It was making him anxious. He had hoped to find John at the library in the morning, but he was not there. He hadn’t expected him to be. He was clearly dealing with a lot and as seemed to be his way, he stopped talking. Sherlock had hoped after last week, maybe things would be different. Maybe John would at least let him in, but things were still new between them. He hoped there still
Molly watched John for a moment, before finally breaking the silence. “Is he… that is… do you think he really…?” she stumbled uncomfortably through the question.
“There’s a few other families to be aware of. They’ll let you know who they are, don’t worry. They’ll either try to win you over to be in their circle, or they’ll bully you senseless. But they’ll mention the money. By the end of next week, you’ll know them all.”
“We can be happy? For a bit at least. I mean, I still want to kiss you,” John tried to sound flirtatious in hopes of lifting the mood. Why did he have to ruin it? He shouldn’t have said anything tonight.
John stopped to think about it. He knew he had been looking for the cane and had noticed its absence at home, more out of habit, out of comfort. But Sherlock was right, he had not, in fact, needed it at any point. He had not even noticed walking all that way without it.
Sherlock finally let go of the embrace, but only to free his hands and allow him to grab John’s face. He looked deep into John’s eyes for a moment before tracing across every inch of John’s face with his own eyes. John could almost feel it, as if he had used his finger. The pure force of that gaze leaving a trail of tingling anticipation across his skin. Then, finally Sherlock took John’s lips with his own. It was a gentle, and tender kiss. The feel of their lips touching was almost heartbreaking in how delicate and unexpected it was. John closed his eyes. He had dreamed of this moment, ever since that kiss at the station. Some nights he had been driven mad with the craving of it, with the memory and the longing. He scarcely believed it had happened the first time, let alone that he would get to do it again. And now here they were, and it felt better than anything he had hoped for. He’d never been kissed like this before – so reverentially, so lovingly. His heart was full, with the realisation that it had all been true. That the wait had been painful but important. His return must mean that they were safe.
“Sherlock, I can’t stay out here… I have to get back into class. You should be coming in too. You were doing so well at it before. Come in and just…”
“You don’t get to say that. Not to me. Not now,” John said in a low growl. But the look in his eyes said differently.
John is completely tongue-tied, and Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to help. He knew it would be hard to admit he was leaving, but he is also confused by John’s reaction.
Sherlock nods again. “I know what you mean. I know what this place can do. When I came here, I wasn’t in a good place either. I felt burned out, exhausted. All I loved about my music had been lost. And now, I’m finding myself again. Sherlock has been hidden away behind William for too long, and with you, here, I can just
“Sure.” John raised his eyebrows in shock at Sherlock’s sudden and strange helpfulness. It was very out of character.
“Molly call you, did she?” John’s voice was so hard. Sherlock couldn’t deal with hearing it sound so hard.
“Sherlock, none of that matters now,” John stopped him before he could get carried away. “You’re here now, we’re together and—”
in fact. Oh didn’t you know? I had dinner with him on Friday. He’s actually here at the school today. I could give him a quick call…” he offered, pulling his phone awkwardly out of his pocket in threat. “I believe he already knows all about you, James. Isn’t that right? And he was very interested to hear you were back. I understand that he had already warned you what would happen if you ever set foot near his brother again... and I have to tell you, he’s not happy about
“But… well my therapist—” He closed his eyes in disgust at letting it slip out, his pathetic self-pity. But Mycroft cut him off just as quickly.
“Sherlock, you’re overthinking this. You’re not guilty. Let’s just take one step at a time. Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. How did you even get here?” he asked, worried.
“It takes a lot of power to do the jump. We can send you anywhere really, but the further forward or back in time we go, the more impact it has on the present. It’s very new, very experimental and we are taking it in small steps. Only authorised jumps and for no more than the allotted time.”
“Were you waiting for me?” Sherlock said, glancing around behind him as if someone else might be there.
They strolled a little further in silence, until they reached the end of the corridor. Mycroft absorbed the information so far. “Introduce us,” he finally demanded. There wasn’t time to waste, he had lost too much time already.
“You’ve fallen on your feet though – football team, friends with the captain. Can’t imagine you’ll be getting bullied that much,” Sherlock said as he looked back at his book, apparently not feeling any sympathy for him.
“What?” John turns angrily to look at Sherlock’s face and sees the sadness there before he seems to soften a bit.
,” Sherlock said, slightly more forcefully, before sipping his own again and closing his eyes. He was either in his mind palace, or simply not interested in talking. John never quite knew which, but it was clear he was being cut off.
“Seriously?” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Perhaps he’d dozed off in the chair and this was all a ridiculous dream he was having.
if you must know. Someone who’s weird… and dangerous and exciting…” John nodded with a smile “… and gorgeous.”
“I heard you play,” John repeats, “and I realised that we come from two different worlds. And… that doesn’t even matter, does it? Because what I feel for you is not what you feel for me, so I…”
“Sherlock, I’ll survive. Maybe let’s try some better communication in future. But right now, you just need to breathe, and let the medical professionals do their job. Stop fighting everyone, okay?”
chair, also sipping her wine, watching John over the rim of the glass. Something about her calmness unsettled him, particularly given the manner he had entered the room. She didn’t look startled, she didn’t try to stand and shake his hand, she just sat serenely, observing.
It was at the end of the day, on Friday, when Sherlock was daydreaming about John and not taking in his surrounds, heading to his locker at the end of the school day, that he was grabbed by the scruff of his shirt and pulled into an alcove behind a set of lockers.
I know I’m the one that has to change, Sherlock. You have a career, a life. I don’t. I have my army pension. This isn’t even my house. Joe could throw me out at any point. I know I’m the one who has been avoiding the real world for almost two years now and that I should come back to London, find a job.”
“Mycroft! God!” Sherlock exclaims as he grabs the phone out of his brother’s hand and dials John’s number, putting the phone to his ear. “He’s not answering…” he curses quietly to himself, throwing Mycroft an angry look as he waits for the voicemail. “John! It’s Sherlock, please come back to the theatre. Call me back. Call this number back, or call mine. I’m going back to the dressing room now. Please,
“Eight minutes – long enough to observe, to act if needed, but not long enough to cause any real damage. I’m sure you've heard of the time paradox,” Anderson leapt in this time.
Finally they reached half time and the teams ran off the field for their break. Sherlock felt a stab of disappointment as John left the field and suddenly he was back to feeling awkward and alone. He took in the crowd. So many excited and happy people, all heavy in conversation. Sherlock stood up to let people out of the row, stepping into the side aisle. The school ran a canteen and many people took the opportunity to go and get food and drinks and just move about. He enjoyed being able to stretch his legs a bit, the space between seats not enough for his long legs to cope – even for the short length of a sporting match. He felt all the more exposed just standing in the aisle, though, so he returned back to his seat. He grabbed out his phone and found he had a message.
“Sherlock,” he replies, his brain forming the word before he even has time to register it. He grabs on in answer, his arms unable to let Sherlock go once they have closed around him. He’s afraid that if he does, this dream will end. It has to be a dream. He’d gone to bed last night, tossed and turned for a few hours and once he had found sleep, finally, this is what he’d been dreaming about – this very thing.  Surely it can’t be real, though. He can feel that Sherlock’s hands are cool, where they rest on his upper back, the vest John is wearing barely a barrier between them. The rest of his body is warm, and John melts against him, feeling the soft silk shirt, the rougher fabric of the coat, and Sherlock’s firm torso beneath. He allows himself to close his eyes, still half asleep. The relief at seeing Sherlock again is overwhelming.
“Yes, but this is more fun… and I get some time to talk to you,” Sherlock said, surprising John. “I’ve missed having you to talk to. Imaginary John was always a poor substitute.”
Sherlock and John rushed into the police station together. Already down the corridor they could hear the loud screams and sobs of a woman. From what she was saying Sherlock assumed it was the mother, finally hearing the news.
All in all, their life had settled down, finding many of its old, familiar patterns. The enforced isolation had been a godsend when the media caught wind of it all, and Mycroft had continued to sort their food and medical requirements, posting security on the doorstep so they didn’t need to leave the apartment. Mycroft had arranged for the rest of John’s things to be moved back in and, although he had unpacked in his own room, John had spent every night in Sherlock’s bed, reading to him and sleeping beside him. They were taking things very slowly. There was a lot of emotional healing between them to work on, and Sherlock was not back to one hundred percent health yet either. But they were contented. At night they would lie together and just explore each other, kissing and touching and just marvelling at being finally able to share their hidden feelings openly.
John sulked in the office, working once more through footage, with less enthusiasm than usual. He had been essentially demoted. Despite the fact this had always been his job, this time it felt different. It was so much harder to concentrate now, too.
Sherlock always liked to play detective with her at home, and he had given her Bunny for her first birthday. Mrs Hudson had made Bunny and Rosie little deerstalkers to match Sherlock’s. They had eventually added a magnifying glass to the ensemble - Sherlock found a small one he didn’t use, and Mrs Hudson had stitched a wrist attachment to Bunny’s arm to hold it in place. Sherlock would wear his hat too as they solved crimes together: Detective Bunny, Detective Bee and Sherlock fighting crime around the flat. It was pretty adorable actually. They hadn’t done that for a few weeks. But now, that magnifying glass was going to be useful.
“One left… couldn’t handle it. Another couple just weren’t skilled enough and we redistributed them to another division. And the last one…” Donovan’s voice trailed off.
“John was right, you don’t stop do you?” she said, watching him try to pull himself up with the coffee table.
“He’s nowhere in the flat. He didn’t say a word. He’s even left his phone behind. I have no idea how to reach him. I don’t know what to do!” She lamented, which was punctuated by Rosie’s cry in the background, a stab of guilt hitting Sherlock right in the chest again.
“Don’t apologise to me.” John shook his head slowly, looking down at his lap. He felt guilty for indulging his own emotions and making Sherlock feel the need to say it. “You don’t
The rest of the night is, thankfully, uneventful, and after a better sleep and a light breakfast, John decides to head out to work on the garden, inspired by the beautiful house up the hill on his walk the day before. He finds an old rusty-looking shovel and some other garden tools and decides to make the most of the sunshine. Pulling at weeds and raking around the garden is quite satisfying and John enjoys the morning sunshine, it warms him up just enough. The light breeze from the forest makes it easy to work without getting too sweaty. He’s not opposed to hard work – certainly anyone in the military is no stranger to physical labour – but the months in rehab have stolen the regular routine and fitness he was accustomed to before the accident. Some rigorous gardening is exactly what he needs to feel useful and work the muscles again. Before he knows it, he is humming to himself happily and kneeling by a garden bed, weeding. He loses all sense of time and even catches himself smiling a couple of times.
angry. He wanted to go over there and stop it. Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he was shaking his head. Or maybe John was imagining it. Maybe John wanted to believe Sherlock didn’t want to be a part of it. Maybe Sherlock and James were still a thing and Sherlock didn’t want John to know. They were certainly standing close enough. James certainly took liberties with Sherlock’s physical space like someone who had permission.
manage to make some arrests while he was—” Greg trailed off when he realised the insensitivity of what he was saying.
The rabble of students broke out into cheers and applause as the boys moved from their places to walk up the aisles. One student tried making a very unbecoming whooping sound before a teacher leapt in to stop it. John stood up and moved quickly to the front joining up to the back of the team as they took the stairs to the stage. One by one, the team shook hands with Mycroft and he placed a medallion around their necks. John was the last one and Mycroft shook his hand and gave him a very interesting look.
And with that, he let Sherlock know he was done arguing. He was not taking any more of Sherlock’s nonsense.
John swallowed and sat on the edge of Sherlock’s bed, instinctively putting a hand on Sherlock’s forehead to check and then dropping his hand to Sherlock’s arm, to steady himself and to let Sherlock know he was still there.
“Yes, take it outside you two. Make it quick, Watson,” the teacher said, as he turned back to the board, frantically glancing between his textbook in hand and the board, to correct the equation Sherlock had pointed out while this distraction kept the class amused, and unaware.
“Sure.” John puts his wine glass down, a little rougher than he should, and grabs his jacket from the back of the sofa.
“I’ve sent Mycroft away – that’s the first part of your present,” he says with a smile. “And I have cancelled everything in my diary for the rest of the week, as well.”
The next movement is entirely different. The sorrow filled melody breaks John’s heart. It’s as if the music is a love letter, just for him, singing to his very soul. William’s eyes are closed as he almost makes love to the instrument and the audience. It’s so powerful, something John has never experienced, never known music could be. He closes his eyes and just lets it all wash over him, as it pulls at him. One moment it’s achingly sad, and the next it’s calling to him, hopeful and triumphant, begging him somehow. Images fill his head of the moments they have shared together in the forest – the walks by the lake, the times working on home improvements, the dinners, the long chats. John realizes how much he misses Sherlock and the melody begins to mirror his own feelings about their separation. He opens his eyes to take in this man again, who he has been longing to see.
But Sherlock pulled him forward quickly, before he could start an argument properly, and kissed him again. This time, more forcefully, wrapping his arms around John’s neck to pull him close.
- and he was led inside. He couldn’t help glancing up at the high ceiling, where a fancy antique chandelier hovered over the foyer area, lighting a table and large vase filled with an extravagant white lily arrangement.
“Shut it!” John said, firing him a stern look of warning. He did not want to scare Sherlock off on the first day.
. For all that time. Every night, I would relive it in my sleep. And just when I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, I received a package. A memory stick. And lo-and-behold, it was you. But how
“Tell me... something? A story… while I... try to sleep?” Sherlock asked weakly, his body shaking uncontrollably from the shock and the cold.
. For a moment, I forgot what my life is. I forgot how often we do this. And I pulled you into it. It’s my fault,” John said apologetically.
“I promised I would help him find her. But the nights are getting colder, so we should hurry.” Sherlock looks around. “You don’t have the car,” he states.
“So, I get three weeks with you?” John asks, cheeks wet with tears of laughter, as he straightens. All Sherlock manages is a nod, laughter still threatening to bubble up from his throat.
And with that, John started to head back in. Sherlock leapt forward to help him with the door at the same time as John leaned forward to grab the handle too. For a moment their faces were so close, John was mesmerised. He had to resist the urge to just lean in and… he shook his head and ignored Sherlock’s intense gaze as he let Sherlock grab the door and headed back in to the room.
“Sherlock? Sherlock?!” he yelled, looking at the empty lounge and running into the kitchen frantically. “I heard you… where the hell…?” his phone rang in his hand and he answered it, hoping it was him.
“Okay, close your eyes,” John instructed Sherlock, watching him, waiting for him to accept the instruction. Sherlock didn’t want to miss a second of looking at John up this close, but he eventually obeyed, and John began.
John knew he shouldn’t bring it up again, but he couldn’t help it. And Sherlock never wanted to talk about it. Not in the way John needed him to. The fact that he was being so flippant about it, just made his irritation grow.
, John thought to himself. He noted down the time stamps on each of the cameras and confirmed that the security guards in the footage were indeed on shift at the time the footage displayed, to ensure the noted times were, in fact, correct. They thanked the club owner and moved on. Nothing entirely helpful or new.
Mrs Watson gave him an awkward once over, not committing to anything which made the slightly nervous feeling in Sherlock’s stomach sink a little further.
“What? Sherlock?!” John called from his place on the floor. He didn’t seem to be able to move, exhaustion and shock finally taking over, despite his fear for Sherlock’s safety.
“John, I know I let you down,” Sherlock said, matter-of-factly, dropping John's hands again once he became more self aware.
The cafe owner came over to Sherlock to deliver his coffee, putting an arm around his shoulder and checking in with him, but he must have been no consolation at all, as he moved away not long after.
“Sherlock, what’s going on?” John asked more forcefully, now troubled. He knew it had been a bad idea for Sherlock to stay last night. He should have taken him straight back to Baker Street.
And yet, when he reaches the house, John doesn’t feel like he can intrude. He’s unsure about opening the door all of a sudden, worried he will disturb the recording process. He stands outside, listening to the beautiful violin music from inside, glancing into a window with just enough of a curtain gap to see Sherlock playing. There are some stops and starts, some tense conversation with the crew. Several times, John’s hand hovers over the door handle, but he can’t do it. He can’t bring himself to intrude. So he walks back down the hill, back to his little house, tail between his legs, cursing himself for being a coward.
“So, tell me about that boy at the back of the room,” John tried to sound nonchalant as Mike showed him around the corridors and through the grounds. John didn’t want to focus on the school. Somehow his father had managed to wrangle him at a school that was far too prestigious for their income. The Principal served with him at some point and owed his dad a favour, or some rubbish John paid no mind to. Being the son of a senior military officer had all sorts of perks and pit falls he tried to avoid thinking about as much as possible. All he knew was, the glances he was getting from the students were positively offensive. It was like they could smell him at a distance. The smell of, “you don’t have enough money to attend our school” permeated every glance. Mike was the only one who seemed oblivious to the fact that John’s clothing was screaming “sad, poor loser” and he didn’t seem to care that he was walking around with someone like that.
Sherlock looked at it closer, and John adjusted his cheek in the light so Sherlock could see it, grimacing a little with the embarrassment.
Mycroft sneered, despite clearly hearing the guilt in John’s voice as well. He could tell John was assuming drugs, with the fight as the trigger. “You haven’t been…
“Stop it,” he said, more to himself, now that he realised how much his mind had warped everything. This was his own doing and he couldn’t bear it anymore.
He would smell of alcohol when he went home. He moved past them, ignoring their shouts of apology and giggles. He really did hate parties. Further along the side of the house, was a small strip of grass and a clothes line with some sheets hanging out.
“Make room, you git, I’m getting wet.” John gently shoves him to the side, grinning, and Sherlock steps aside. “Ta, love,” John responds, the endearment making Sherlock’s stomach flutter. He takes a moment to get the grin on his face under control before he turns and follows John into the shop.
“Just a soft drink for me,” John shouted towards her. His Dad would not appreciate it if he squandered the permission to be here with underage drinking to boot.
“Look, I don’t know anything. I don’t remember… anything,” he added finally. His voice was weak, a little scared by the prospect.
Grabbing the flower and folded piece of paper out of his brother’s hand, he runs back to the stage door, avoiding the stares of the crowds now gathering in the foyer, and spilling out into the fresh air. He had hoped not to be recognized but already he hears the gasps of people who know who he is.
Sherlock had called him on it, in his mad state, and demanded that they drive up to pass on the critical information and to… how did he put it?
Before he could get a word out to explain, or process what Mycroft was trying to tell him, he felt something hard strike his head and he began to lose consciousness as his body flopped to the floor.
fun. I didn’t actually expect the drugs I was giving you to set you off on that little adventure, but I followed you. They were supposed to help you crave a bit more, to lower your inhibitions. You couldn’t resist could you? It didn’t take you long at all. And you were so…
“How am I supposed to believe that?” John leapt in, frustrated. “We fought, and then he turned to drugs and somehow ended up in all of this shit? How am I supposed to
the entire time, even without realising it. I don’t know how you could even question it,” he laughed.
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” Sherlock teases, observing John’s obvious reaction. “Really, John. What is it?”
“He’s just lashing out,” John said to them all, but it was clear that he was trying to convince himself as well. After everything they’d been through, Greg knew that would have stung.
“Oh, I won’t be in the hospital. I will finish this even if it kills me. They are going to pay for what they have done. Or I’ll die trying.”
it! I’ve wanked more in the shower since we got together, than I think I did as a bloody teenager. God help me, the fact that I get to touch you at all, to kiss you… it drives me crazy! Wanting you is
you’re going to need someone with medical background, and you’re going to need someone with military training who’s a good shot. You
“Well…” John finally gestured towards his locker, Sherlock nodded furiously, acknowledging that he had to go and John walked away, looking back once to check Sherlock was still okay. It made Sherlock laugh nervously. The look on his face would stay in John’s head happily for a few hours to come.
. I’ve had about all I can take of bullies this week and I’m ready.” John’s voice was suddenly quiet and menacing.
Sherlock seemed to realise he had touched a sore point, but it appeared he couldn’t help being stubborn.  “Well that would have defeated the whole purpose of the exercise wouldn’t it?”
“Hey.” John Watson said in his direction, sounding friendly, his eyes following Sherlock as he sped past, hopeful for a response. But Sherlock put his head down and kept walking. No-one ever wanted to talk to him. It was probably a mistake.
“Well by the look of your basket, you’re just buying the next day or two of food. Not planning ahead, only yourself to feed. Surely you can find something else to tide you over until they restock?” he offers.
Anderson was frantically flicking through the folder with their log of dates and locations. “I mean, it’s damning, John. Look at it. Who else can it be?” Anderson asked, also looking shocked at the footage.
“Sherlock!” John finally intervened, standing up. The movement made the lady also get off the arm of the chair and step to the side. Sherlock got a small thrill seeing them separate but John didn’t look at him, he just addressed
“The school. Must be tough moving around all the time?” Sherlock continued to browse the book as he spoke.
Sherlock looked at John again finally. And for a brief moment he nearly told him everything. He so desperately needed to tell him everything. But it would be too much for John to bear. It was better this way. The pause between them felt like an age, as John waited hopefully and Sherlock refused to speak.
“Yes. Sherlock had been struggling at home and he begged me for work. Promised he was ready, and John was being overly cautious, so I sent him to meet her. It was meant to be simple. I think now she spiked his drink perhaps? Gave him an extra dose of whatever has been affecting him. I didn’t know… didn’t factor that in. She obviously sent him to the club on a mission and asked him to return to her with an update. I suspect he was not in a good way by the time he arrived, and he was either sent to meet the dealer, or he didn’t know what he was doing by that point.”
“No. There’s something to be said for having present parents. Mind you, I’d be happy if my parents were less present, well my
. He changed quickly into some warmer attire and better shoes - the outfit he’d worn to the crime scene a rush job at 4am. He was satisfied with the suit he had chosen, which had a bit more movement in the sleeves and a slightly warmer lining, and his sturdier shoes that wouldn’t let as much cold onto his socks. He quickly gathered his books and tools, wrapped a scarf around his neck and rushed out the door and down the stairs before John could return to the lounge.
Sherlock shook his head to confirm he was perfectly okay with it and before he could be embarrassed about not speaking, he leaned in and took John’s lips for himself, more gently and slowly this time. He wanted to let John know how happy he was.
John gives him a stern look, a reminder to relax again and Sherlock takes a deep breath, closing his eyes to centre himself. John is right, he
,” he moaned. “I did this, didn’t I?” And he buried his face in his hands. It was what he had been worried about since he woke up in that hotel room: that he might genuinely be responsible. For years the likes of Donovan had teased that he was capable, but deep down he never thought he would actually cross that line. Until now. Had he done this?
John isn’t sure he understands, so he stays quiet to let Sherlock work through his thoughts a bit longer.
Without another word, everyone returned to their stations, a hive of activity. The sounds of fast typing on computers, rustling of papers, and not much discussion continued on. Everyone had a task and they were busy.
John scoffs bitterly. “What? After I threw a ridiculous tantrum and left you? I don’t think I deserve anything. Do you?”
“I wasn’t sure what time you normally get here so I got the early bus.” He shrugged as if this was not a big deal. He travelled a fair way. It was a big deal to Sherlock.
“Just that one, John. You made it halfway to best-selling author all by yourself. No cheating on my part necessary. It is a brilliant book,
“We’ve got him. Walked in off the street. You should come down.” Sherlock looked at John, eyes wide.
“Sorry I don’t know what happened,” John apologised, as he entered the office, feeling incredibly guilty.
“John, the case. It’s a…” she swallowed hard. “It’s a little girl. The victim, is a little girl.” She waited a moment to let that sink in. “They thought it best to leave you out of the loop because it’s a little girl, John.”
Just as the door to their classroom was opened, and everyone started to file in, Sherlock caught movement again and looked up. It was a man and woman he recognised –
“It’s okay. I’m used to Harry stuffing me around like this. I should have known better, really. And there was no promise that the house in Germany would be a permanent thing. I guess I just got comfortable. It has been so long that I hoped…” John shook his head, brushing away the thought to look back at Sherlock, trying to seem brighter. “Anyway, for now, I have nowhere to stay. So, I was hoping it might be all right if I… that is—”
His biggest weakness had always been trusting people that seemed to be interested. With James, he had misread the situation in a big way, and had thought it was more. James had lead Sherlock on deliberately, and then humiliated him. Of course by then, the drugs were their binding factor and nothing else mattered. Sherlock could overlook a fair amount if it meant he could get that fix. But now he had a new interest. Now John was very interesting to him indeed. And suddenly he didn’t want to be tied to James or to the drugs. He wanted to find a way to connect with
“I… I don’t…” Sherlock had been caught off guard, and John felt a little guilty but couldn’t seem to stop himself now that he had found a companion to talk with.
“Are you there? You git, if you’ve changed your mind, it’s too late!” John yelled into the phone in frustration. “I’m already on my way back now. It’s too late to change your order,” he scoffed in frustration, standing on the spot, listening. He could hear groaning and heavy breathing.
“Oi, you berk.” He stops in his tracks, turning on his heels to look at the man currently walking around the car to get to the boot. “You could help me with the suitcases, you know. Half of this stuff is yours, anyway,” John says, but his voice is without heat, as he starts putting their bags on the ground.
“Shit. Must be an infection,” John said, mostly to himself. “Sherlock, I’m going to get some antibiotics started as well as your next dose of paracetamol and try to cool you down a bit. If you can hear me, I’ve got you. I’ve got this. Just keep listening to my voice. Don’t go anywhere. We need to find out what's going on here.”
“It’s fine, John. I imagine things will be a bit different for you here. Things are a little more hectic when I’m in work mode. I’m sorry.”
Getting through the last of his bags, Sherlock takes out his notebook and a few magazines. He places them on the coffee table, then picks up his favourite book to place on the mantle.
“Thanks,” he said, pulling himself up. “There’s some interesting stuff upstairs in the two bedrooms, you’ll want to see,” he advised.
“It’s ok, now. Hold on, John. You’re going to make this,” Sherlock said frantically, trying to keep his senses focussed.
“He’s here, already, looking at the footage,” Everitt stated, a little surprised they didn’t already know.
John had never, in all their time living together, been allowed to spend much – if any – time in Sherlock’s bedroom, let alone to sit
Sherlock picked the phone back up in a daze, his eyes never leaving the body on the bed. “John, I may need to call you back…” he said, his voice almost trancelike as he registered the situation more fully.
Greg hadn’t realised how much he had needed a smile like that after a long couple of days. She just about lit up the whole room. It was mesmerising. “Sorry, where do you fit in?” he asked, suddenly wanting to know more about her.
“He’s right,” John interjected, stepping forward. “We should get bloods from you now. Before it’s too late. Try to find out what’s in your system, a timeline…” he looked towards Greg for approval, agreement, anything. Greg was frozen to the spot, suddenly incapable of making a call. Sherlock turned around again and looked John up and down properly.
The young boy looked them all over one at a time, his eyes wild with fear. He was young enough to still have pimply skin, John noted, and he felt a little sick that someone so young would be caught up in such a life changing and awful situation. How did someone find themselves at this point in their life? The father in him felt a little ill at the thought. He hoped that his own neglect of Rosie to follow Sherlock around would not have any impacts on
“Yes, and I’m quite surprised you haven’t actually managed to negotiate some way to get him out yet,” John said, pushing some of the pressure back Mycroft’s way. “Being the British Government, and all that.”
“You’re… it’s just that you’re standing in the ocean, Sherlock. Any reason for that?” John asked carefully. This was reminiscent of Sherlock’s state at the crime scene and John didn’t like it.
“Oh my god, you really are brilliant aren’t you? You should bottle whatever it was your parents fed you boys as children,” Greg let out, shaking his head.
“Good.” John smiled and nodded slowly. The rest could wait. “Besides, I think Rosie would have something to say about it if I moved her away from you,” he laughed suddenly, shaking his head and Sherlock couldn’t help smiling with relief. “Let’s go home, Sherlock. The case is clearly closed, or soon will be. Nothing more for you to do here. Let’s go see Rosie.”
“Could be,” Greg conceded, but there was not enough of the right angle to really identify it with any certainty.
“Well, that was never my plan. My grandmother played the violin. She taught me a bit when I was a kid, and my parents made me play at birthday parties and Christmases, to show off. I loved it, loved composing.” Sherlock empties his mug and calls the waiter over to get the bill.
“John. You could still…you don’t have to…” Sherlock didn’t know what to say to convince him not to cut their ties.
He remembers the lights dimming, the thunder of the applause still rumbling as he stumbled through the dark, towards the stage exit. The rest is a blur, fogged by near unconsciousness. Someone must have caught him before he had fallen over, and brought him back to his hotel room, as that is where he wakes up, bones aching, head hammering, mouth so dry it feels like he has swallowed ash. Sitting up a bit, Sherlock blindly grabs for the bottle he has a habit of storing on the bedside table. The cool water is a relief, and he drinks greedily, until the plastic crackles in his tight grip.
“Yes. Come in.” It’s not a question, not an order, either. It’s learning what John will do. And he’s happy with John just sitting there, too. Just being there is enough, has always been enough, more than he could imagine. It’s still a wonder, Sherlock thinks, to have him waiting here, to come home to.
“We argued about the fact that he wasn’t ready. It had all been working well up until then. We’d done a number of cases from the flat but this one… I don’t know what happened. And as far as our relationship is concerned, as far as
. His gun flew out of his hand and he let out a grunt as the air was pushed out of his lungs unexpectedly from the force. Once he hit the floor, he spun around quickly to find a big shadow standing near him. Clearly a man: tall, broad shoulders, pretty bulky, obviously used to being a human battering ram.
“I shouldn’t have come,” Sherlock said guiltily, standing up and brushing off his pants and jacket suddenly.
Sherlock wondered if Mary would have even been in the picture if Sherlock hadn’t left, or if he had returned quicker. He guessed they would never know.
“I’m offended, brother,” Mycroft says from the doorway, clearly enjoying the moment of humiliation, a gentle smirk on his lips.
Sherlock paused and watched John for a moment, before coming over to him and wrapping his arms around John.
“I’m not really sure,” John said honestly, getting up with a loud groan, “but I’ll give him one thing: the man knows how to make an entrance and an exit.”
Sherlock could have pretended he didn’t know what John was saying, after changing direction so suddenly, but he understood perfectly and clearly it had been on John’s mind too. “But John, you’re my only friend. Please don’t give up on me,” he hated how it sounded, that he was begging.
to tame them. He used his whitest school shirt and even ironed it. He took extra time to make his tie as perfect as he could. It was ridiculous. John wasn’t interested in him. Not in that way. He was clearly making a play for Sarah. Sarah was conventional and beautiful, and smart but demure. John would appreciate the way she giggled at his jokes. Sherlock had seen her touch his arm as she laughed at something he said in lunch break the other day. She gave him her undivided attention like he was her whole world. Sherlock felt a sudden pang in his chest like the one he had the other day, as he had sat off to the side under his tree and watched them at a table across the quadrangle.
“I wanted to be a detective when I was younger. In between wanting to be a pirate and a world-renowned ballet dancer.” Sherlock rubs his hands, still cold from not wearing gloves, then wraps them back around his mug. “I tried to solve cases: missing cats, a stolen book at the library. Caught some students trying to get at the solutions for the math tests at grammar school. They hated me for it.”
Mycroft had obviously placed it there, thinking John would dutifully sit beside Sherlock’s bed, keeping him company. But that had not happened.
Sherlock pulls the CD case from the packaging and hands it to John, gauging his reaction. The plain, white background contrasts against the violin, the body of which has been painted with trees and mushrooms, growing up from the bottom, and flowers blooming at the top. It is, like most things in his life, inspired by the wilderness here, by the dark beauty of the woods and the meadows, their greens gleaming in the sunlight.
As he climbs, he thinks about how excited he is to see Sherlock, how relieved he is that his friend is back again. John thought Sherlock had seemed distracted, and yet happy to see him.
Sherlock shrugs his shoulders, stepping onto the road to make his way between two parked cars. “That, we have to figure out.”
“Steady on, brother,” Mycroft chimed from the doorway, seemingly unphased by the new development. “Glad to see you two finally working out your differences,” he simpered.
. I’ve ruined everything,” he began to unravel, his blood pressure rising with every thought, his voice cracking as he panicked. “We were okay, things were
They walked into a room, which was obviously a study or spare room: no bed, but a small couch and a desk. Simple furnishings once again. John moved his torch over the walls, and items, stopping at a bookcase – an eclectic collection of psychology and medical texts as well as some fiction and travel books – nothing particular enough to point to any one suspect.
“You never had kids, though,” Mycroft said. He had deduced that much. It wasn’t a question, but Greg was used to the Holmes brothers and their odd way of inserting confident statements into the conversation like that.
“So it’s customary for boyfriends to carry your books to class,” Sherlock said with a blush as he walked up to greet John at his locker, placing a quick kiss on his cheek.
“Are they a special design? The rings? Or can they be picked up from any old jeweller? I mean, he was shot point blank and she was stabbed. Surely we need something stronger? To link them?” John asked, starting to pace back and forth, the adrenaline finally too much for him. “Do you have the weapon here?”
for a flatmate?” John replied, not expecting any kind of answer to that, but posing it as a question to the universe. No one in their right mind would enjoy sharing anything with him. He knew that. And then Mike had said something unexpected.
“It’s ok, John. I know you may not want to, but you can stay here. For as long as you need...if that would help.” Sherlock said as sensibly as he could. Of course he knew he would need to get John back to Rosie, but right now, he would say whatever was needed to calm him down.
“I think the handcuffs suggest otherwise, wouldn’t you agree?” he said, lifting his eyes up to meet hers.
Sherlock awoke with a start, troubled and damp from sweat. His dreams had been filled with what he thought must be John rescuing him from the dungeon. He had always loved it when John strutted his military prowess and took the lead – somewhat of a fantasy he had enjoyed more than once in his dreams, in fact. This latest dream was more troubling, however, some of it more likely memories pieced together from the extraction. Yet some were clearly something else. While his imaginary John was still keeping him company in the hospital room, sitting on his bed and talking with him to keep him calm, there was still a part of his mind that understood this John was not real. There were always elements to his visions that made him feel certain this was not
He had clearly rattled Sherlock with whatever he had said. John couldn’t wait to be off the crutches and able to take James on properly. James needed to be seriously put in his place.
“I don’t want you to stay out of class, in case you’re tempted to…” he cleared his throat. “I want to make sure you don’t go and see James. Will you come to class with me today? Just for me?”
“We specialise in the law enforcement of terrorists, of course, but we have some new, experimental technology that allows us to… step into different moments and observe events from a new perspective.”
“Fine,” Sherlock finally conceded, watching John closely. It was a sign that things were far worse than John realised, that Sherlock relinquished so quickly.
John laughed and started moving towards the table that the team sat around in the courtyard. It was in prime positioning to get the best sun. Even in the short time he’d been there he knew, this was their space, and no one dared try sit there. Even if it was empty. This was the “football bench.” Sherlock stood back and looked at them all sitting there – a few of them already comfortable and laughing together.
John gave the gentlest, most imperceptible smile. A rise in the corners of his mouth that indicated the relief of the moment. Sherlock was here. He was not in a good way at all, but he was here.
Sherlock went out to investigate one of the Yard’s cases that night. Greg and Mycroft both knew otherwise now.
Sherlock didn’t push any further. He just bent a bit and put his head on John’s shoulder, snuggling against him for the rest of the trip, their fingers intertwined and gripping on. And just for a moment, Sherlock pretended that nothing was wrong, that there wasn’t a dark cloud hanging over their heads. The stopwatch keeping time, counting down the days, the hours, before it would all be over.
“Shut up,” Sherlock says, but he blushes and avoids eye contact and Mycroft can tell Sherlock is secretly pleased.
“Tell me,” he managed to get out, unable to look at the pompous arse hovering in his doorway. The waft of Mycroft’s fancy aftershave, as it invaded his nostrils, only threatened to make John regurgitate his stomach contents more quickly.
“Nope,” Sherlock replied, popping the ‘p’ loudly, before taking another sip of his wine. “It is a real word. Just as much as Wildpinkler or Kopfkino.”
Sherlock was now yelling for completely the opposite reason - in excitement. John caught Sarah’s eye across the field. She was still coming to every game and had in the last week managed to end up with one of the other players, and they were happy. He was glad. She smiled at him, eyebrows lifted high in surprise watching Sherlock’s excitement over the game. John smiled back and shook his head. Sherlock was full of surprises. Oh, how he loved Sherlock. The thought caught him off guard. He hadn’t realised how much his feelings had grown over such a short space of time. He certainly wouldn’t let Sherlock know that yet. That was a sure-fire way of scaring him off or killing the mood at least - particularly with his impending departure. No, he would keep that to himself.
It’s not far, but the snow is coming down in bigger flakes now, the wind growing stronger, and John has to keep his face tilted to the ground to protect his eyes.
“No. Unfortunately that trail has gone cold already. This is much more urgent than that. Hence the location.”
“I’ve been watching you for a while now – you boys,” she admitted. “Longer than you know. You really are very sweet together. Why it took you so long, I will never understand, but there you go.” Mary sat herself comfortably on the arm of John’s chair, which only irked Sherlock further as he tried to decide where to go, how to escape this. Should he check John’s room for the gun? Or was it in their room? John was always in charge of the gun. Or should he head for the kitchen and grab a knife? Mary clearly didn’t see him as a threat in this state, so he knew he just had to keep her talking, and John would be there soon.
“No not at all, no,” Sherlock says more forcefully. “Please. That’s why I’m here. To see what’s on offer.”
“Okay Detective Bee and Bunny, thank you for your help,” he said in his official doctor voice before reverting back to parent mode. “Give Daddy the phone now. Why don’t you head back to the slide for a bit? Daddy will come over in a minute,” he said calmly. Without question she grabbed Bunny and ran back to the playground.
Sherlock was still frozen in place, until the sound of the door finally closing seemed to snap him out of it. His legs buckled out from under him and he fell to the ground.
“Dr Watson, I think it’s ridiculous that we’re even considering whether Sherlock could do this or not. The question surely is: who would want to frame him?” Mycroft redirected.
“It can wait till the morning. But we’re not done, John. I’m sorry.” Greg sounded equally as disappointed.
“We have a… difficult relationship. He won’t let me help, and he has ways of going undetected. It’s frustrating to say the least.”
“Well they haven’t hit your femoral artery, so you’ll be okay. We’ll still need to get you to the hospital,” John said, putting his doctor voice on.
“Yes all right.” Greg acknowledged John’s distress and he put a hand on the shorter man’s shoulder to steady him. “They’ve processed him, and Donovan’s just taken him in for questioning.”
As he fumbled with the files in his briefcase, his mind went over the last few hours. Sherlock had been inconsolable at the flat after John left. He became paranoid and aggressive and wouldn’t listen to anyone. Mycroft hadn’t seen his little brother have an episode like that for the longest time, but he knew there was no quietening him, no changing the behaviour until he got what it was that he was fixating on. In this case, he needed John. He was panicked about the case, about what they would find, about whether or not he was guilty and no one bar John could have reassured him.
“Usually this would be when I turn to Sherlock to help me get started,” Greg laughed bitterly. “But it seems he’s unavailable.”
For a brief moment, he wonders if he has missed a joke there, but she doesn’t say anything more, so he drops it. They finish shopping and with the weather not allowing for a walk, they drive straight back to John’s cottage. After storing their groceries away, they curl up on the sofa together, John’s hand in Sherlock’s curls. It’s perfect. Better than hikes or skinny-dipping at the lake. Even better than ice cream. Just feeling John close, legs intertwined in the limited space. The rain on the roof. The occasional creak in the wood. John’s heartbeat. The sound of his breath. The whisper his fingers make as they brush against Sherlock’s hair. They had so many of these quiet moments over the past few days. Sherlock doesn’t even find it boring, surprisingly. Not with John.
, but thanks for the vote of confidence,” John said with embarrassment. He had managed to play football at three of the last four schools and he wasn’t too bad, he had to admit. Good may be an overstatement but he certainly had tenacity and that counted for something on the field.
they were travelling to, in time. Apparently, the “when” was irrelevant, or at least not useful for John to focus on – of course then it was hard for him to focus on anything else. Nothing about the store fronts, or the clothing gave anything away. To the best of John’s knowledge, they hadn’t gone anywhere in time at all. Of course, the buzzing in his head made it clear that he had, in fact, travelled in one direction or another for a lot longer than his first attempt.
Now that John had a tidy new uniform, he was conforming even more to the popular people and Sherlock’s inadequacies were becoming stronger than ever. John still wanted to know Sherlock was in class and safe, but they both knew the football team wouldn’t look kindly on one of their star players hanging out with the class freak. Or if it wasn’t a conscious decision, they certainly ensured it accidentally, as John followed their lead. Sherlock was used to being the outcast. It didn’t even offend him. If anything, having time sitting back from John only allowed him more time to admire him and take in everything about him unobserved. He was able to pine guilt-free.
“No. I…” John was so used to making excuses it was a knee jerk reaction. He looked over at Sherlock and Sherlock gave him a look that made it clear he didn’t believe him for a second. “Yes. Ok. He just…he’s under a lot of pressure with the new posting. That’s all.”
“I know, I just thought… I don’t know, that there’d be some bigger… machine or something to travel in?” John felt stupid as he said it, regretting it as the words tumbled out.
“Of course, thank you,” Sherlock replies, trying to find focus, and John nods before walking out the door quietly to leave him to it.
Molly walked over with the photographs of the knife. “Well, it was covered in her blood and skin, so it definitely went into her body. But it’s highly ornamental,” she added, handing John the photographs.
John pushed the already partially opened door to the flat with his left shoulder, sucking in a sharp breath from the pain, his face squinting for a moment. He was still bruised from the mission. The left shoulder had taken a particularly hard hit when he had been thrown against a rock wall. He dragged his suitcase in behind him and stood just inside the doorway. He never thought he would be back here.
They followed the owner around a cave of ugly black corridors and through a doorway to the back area of the club – a caged space with broken furniture, cases of liquor, and a small desk surrounded by screens. It smelled musty and Greg was sure they were sharing the space with at least one family of rats.
The affront was clear. He didn’t want to take responsibility for her. John stood for a moment weighing that up. Sherlock had never been so cold about Rosie. John’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment. Sherlock had always been a little intimidating, even at the height of their friendship, but John felt crippled with the inconvenience he was obviously causing. It was only natural that Sherlock would be tiring of them. He probably felt obligated to let them stay, and now they had become a burden. He knew he shouldn’t be relying so heavily on Sherlock. Rosie was not Sherlock’s responsibility. But he had just seemed so happy around her lately, and Rosie loved him so much. Well not these last few days, clearly, but even last week. Things had seemed… almost perfect to John. But
“That’s why you didn’t want John here?” Sherlock looked back toward the skip. The photographer was already flashing the camera, adjusting angles, getting first glimpses of the scene and Sherlock was annoyed. He liked to get the first look. The police were notoriously stupid at crime scenes, not understanding the delicate nature of evidence. There had been a number of occasions where Sherlock knew he could have solved the case faster had he been first on scene without their interference.
“This is stupid: driving through half of the country on a whim,” he says under his breath to himself as he kicks at a small rock, eyes searching for any sign of life behind the small windows, uncertain. The note in his pocket seems heavier than it should, its words of greater importance than any others have been before. He hasn’t dared look at it for the entire train ride, fearing that the words might have disappeared, somehow, making his entire journey pointless.
“I was about to go out but… would you like to join me? I was going to walk to the lake,” the stranger offers with a soft smile.
They sat quietly together. Sherlock didn’t know what to say, to help John, to fix this. If he didn’t want to know how he survived, what could he say that would make things better for John? He didn’t have long to make this better.
Walking down the stairs, still in a bit of a daze as he pulled the soft t-shirt over his head, John headed straight towards the kitchen to make tea in the hopes of settling his jangling nerves. It was probably too early to go straight for the hard liquor.
The man stares at him, not moving, his brow creasing a little in confusion. He is tall and slender and meticulously dressed. His dark mop of curls hides part of his face, but John notices he has beautiful pale skin and searing blue eyes that remind him of the lake near his cottage on a windy day: swirling and stormy. He is very intimidating in his large stylish black woollen coat, his long neck protruding out of a crisp white buttoned shirt. There is something very formal and elegant about him, and John blushes under his watchful gaze, not sure what to say.
“Mycroft, we spoke about this,” Sherlock answers between tightly clenched teeth as the waiter brings the wine to the table and serves it silently, giving him a nod as he leaves.
Sherlock did not even feel how his feet had moved him to the street. He walked a block feeling the paper in his hand before hailing a cab to take him the rest of the way, so he could sit and think, and read. With trepidation, he unfolded the paper. He noted that the paper had been roughly folded, and refolded, as if John had second guessed his decision and changed his mind again and again.
“Yes, I’m… getting to that,” Sherlock says as he swallows hard, adding more wine to his own glass. Taking another sip for courage, he looks over at John, putting the bottle down.
. My brother has been nauseatingly attentive, and the nurse has been in to check on me too. We thought you should be left alone, to sleep.”
“I don’t even know what we’re doing. I’m not sure if I’m right for this. I barely understand why I’m here.”
Sherlock smirked proudly and walked with John’s books in hand, his own were in his bag hanging off his shoulder.
“It’s fine. We can do this later. Only… I just want to say… one more thing. She’s really missed you Sherlock. We both have. And you don’t ever have to think Rosie is not yours. You brought her into this world - quite literally. And it’s going to be a long time before she leaves this world, if either of us have anything to say about it. And Sherlock, we’d be
John’s chuckle is a low rumble against his back. “But you did deduce the murderer one chapter in. When I hadn’t even introduced them, yet.”
“Oh jesus, really?” John took a step back, trying to manouvre the crutches on the tiled floor without losing his balance. He suddenly felt a little guilty at the overreaction. It often worried him that he was becoming more like his father, but he pushed that thought well down into his toes. “Well where the hell have you been?”
“OFF LIMITS!” John bellowed again, James flinching back towards the wall for a brief moment before lifting his chin in defiance.
“Yes yes, the usual.” Sherlock said rolling his eyes and walking towards James’ stall. “Although my stupid brother has cut off my funds this week…we may have to discuss payment…”
“This person, the one that was all over you at the club… do you really not know them? Is that… usual for you to let people just—”
He had rarely seen Sherlock flustered by anything like he was now. He heard the sounds of Sherlock getting out of the chair and he put the monitor down, quickly grabbing a book and opening it to pretend he had not been listening in.
“Because if you hurt yourself today…?” John began, looking down awkwardly at his computer, suddenly torn between concern and awkwardness. “You know, when we rounded that corner, and you ran into the wall? I thought—”
there may still be some… that we may have missed some people…” Mycroft began, trying to find the right words very carefully.
Sherlock puts the magnifying glass into his trouser pocket, as the bumblebee he has been looking at for quite a bit, flies off into the distance. He follows her with his eyes until his gaze fixes on their house and the garden around it.
As they walked out of the shed and towards the carpark, talking happily together, John didn’t notice the familiar car in the parking lot, until the driver’s door opened and his father stepped out.
In their own little tradition, their legs are entangled under the table, as a way of being connected, of always touching just briefly. He will miss this when Sherlock is gone. His feet will feel lonely during breakfast, and on the sofa, and at night. John brushes the thought away. They still have four days.
“James, stop,” Sherlock pulled his shirt and tie out of James’ hand. “Please stop it,” he couldn’t look James in the eye and he hated that he was cowering back into the corner even more. James knew all the right buttons to ensure Sherlock was dependant on their connection.
to Sherlock’s annoyance, and part of the reason we fought the night of the murder. His patience had run out, he felt trapped in the flat and suffocated in our relationship, I’m sure, and I told him he couldn’t go out on a case.” John sounded exasperated.
