Dean fluffed up Cas's hair affectionately and turned to leave when Cas's hand flew out of the towel, blindly grabbing at the air, trying to catch Dean's own hand.
"I dunno, kid. I mean, he's clearly not hurt or anything, but he's anxious as hell and other people are starting to notice, which might become a bit of an issue." Heads had been turning their direction as they walked through the parking lot, startled by the odd, piercing chirps coming from Cas. At least he looked about only two or three years old—people were used to toddlers making weird noises and needing to be held. If he’d been any older Dean would’ve gotten some pretty hostile looks by now.
and that's that! thank u sm for reading, pls lmk what yall think!!! also this will be a series so if u want more content u can subscribe for more :)
hi guys! p sure this is the longest chapter yet even tho idk how that happened lol like this chapter was not meant to be long at all but ig it just got away from me?? anyways here ya go hope u enjoy <3
In a panic, Erin began singing again, futilely hoping her slightly tone-deaf voice would be sufficiently pacifying. “
It’s everything Dean was afraid it was gonna be and more. The only thing keeping him from finding the nearest pier and driving off it is Cas.
“Let’s go back to your room and get you changed. It’ll only take a few minutes, okay? Maybe we can even take a bath.” She made her way from the living room to the hallway, stepping gently. “All nice and clean, hmm? You could have bubbles if you want. I can check the closet for rubber duckies too.” Sometimes Erin felt stupid for talking so much to the baby, but the words just came naturally, and he listened so nicely. Honestly, there was a teeny tiny insane part of her that kinda believed Jack could understand what she was saying at times; he just seemed so… aware. Way more lucid than anyone under a year old should be.
A few seconds passed in silent darkness before the door on Cas's side swung open, startling him so badly he whacked his head against the window and almost fell out of the car. Dean let go of the handle and rushed to steady him, bending a bit to support Cas's weight.
Dean picks the beer back up, because he’s not drunk enough for this conversation. Not even close. Sam sighs, long and exhausted.
"Oh." Jack still looked incredibly unsatisfied, taking an unenthusiastic bite out of his nugget. Sam lightly clapped him on the back.
sentence by an interrupting Sam, looking absolutely bewildered standing at the bunker door. Cas tensed up immediately; as much as he wanted to trust what Dean said, coming out to Sam was a huge step for him, one he might not have been ready for just yet. Bracing himself for the inevitable pullback, Cas leaned away from Dean, trying to give him some space for plausible deniability. But Dean just tugged him even closer, pressing their bodies together before looking up at Sam.
"All in good time, dearie. All in good time. Bitching at me certainly won't do you any good though, I can promise that." She raised an eyebrow at Dean, who shuffled where he stood, appropriately chastised.
just wanted your soul, before I could tell who you were. Truly, I was at that bar with every intention of finding some poor bastard to either deal with or kill, but I somehow got lucky enough to snag you." Dean scowled and rolled his eyes. This was a monologue he'd heard a thousand times, recycled over and over again as different monsters and baddies each add their own little embellishments. Ugh.
Sure enough, just a couple feet away knelt Dean, rocking back and forth with someone in his arms. She rubbed her eyes and squinted, trying to get a closer look—
Sam swallowed a bite of pizza before breaking the short silence. "Hey, Dean." He put his slice down and gave Dean a gentle look. "You good to talk about what happened while we were gone?"
“I want to stay with you.” And Jesus, he’s never heard Cas sound more sure of anything in his life. “Dean Winchester, there is nothing more I’d like to do than stay at your side, should you allow it.”
“And does that sound anything like the Dean Winchester we know?” The sliver pierced a little deeper, dug itself into the thick pericardium. The Empty was right. Dean would never say that, would he? Not to him.
“He's sick so I want to do something nice for him, and I think he likes this place.” He blushed fiercely.
Working the shampoo into his hair, Dean made sure to tilt Cas's neck forward so none of the soapy runoff could flow down his back and touch his wounds. That shit stung like a bitch, and Cas had already been through enough that day. "Gotta rinse you off now," Dean said, guiding Cas's head underneath the faucet. He hummed contentedly as the water washed away the lather, shaking his hair dry like a wet dog as soon as Dean turned the spigot off. "Dude, not cool," he laughed, grabbing a towel. "Get over here, gotta dry you off."
Cas is looking at him with tears in his eyes, and Dean has to swallow back a scream, push down the urge to vomit, because he’s only seen Cas like that a few times. The last time it got him dead.
"I wanted to play nice, I really did. I tried to be civil." She sighed, and Dean took the opportunity to try exorcising her, something he felt like a total idiot for not thinking of earlier.
"I always come back to you." Cas turns his face to the side and kisses Dean's head. It makes him feel warm all over. "I'll always find a way to get back to you. Always have, always will."
“That’s my angel,” he said softly. Cas’s hair was slick with sweat but it didn’t stop Dean from kissing the top of his head anyways. The bed sagged underneath Dean’s weight as he clambered back onto the mattress, situating himself behind Cas. Reluctantly, he picked up the needle again, eyeing it with disdain.
“Okay, okay, Cas, cut it out.” He grabbed the edges of the feathers and rubbed them between his fingertips, placating the angel.
"Whew, I really got you boys there, huh? Wish you could've seen the looks on your faces." Jasmine raised her arm and turned it so they could see the inside of her wrist, where some kind of brand had been burnt into her skin.
"Cas?" Erin watched him stand motionless above what she assumed was Jack's crib. She approached him slowly, gently resting her hand on his back when she reached him. "Cas, what's up?" He was clutching the walls of the crib, white-knuckled. Not once had his focus strayed from Jack, who was sleeping on his back, snuggling a blankie to his chest. Erin was pretty sure he hadn't even blinked since they entered the room.
"I've never had a home before," he whispered, lip trembling slightly. "I—I don't know what it's like to have a home. A real home. The bunker is the closest I've ever come to that, and it still feels like there's something missing. But I want to know. I want to have a home." Moving up Dean's body, Cas gently kissed his eyelids, his nose, his forehead.
"First of all, your existence does not hinge on whether you are useful or not. The fact that you are you is enough. Second, do you not see how much you do for me and Jack? You keep
Cas just shook his head, whimpering as he put his face in Dean’s neck again. “I-I wanna believe. I wanna believe but I don’t know. I can see your soul, and it looks right, but what if it’s a trick? What if the Empty knows how to fake it?”
Erin could only gape at Castiel. Holy shit. Somehow, in attempting to get the conversation to lighten the fuck up, she had managed to make it infinitely heavier.
"Dee." Cas hummed, and a steady stream of grace quietly spread through him, though it felt a little different than before. More intense, more… personal? It covered Dean like warm water, but he could feel something concentrating in his chest, his heart. The sensation was similar to when Cas mind-whammied him earlier: just crazy intense love, plain and simple. Dean sniffled a little bit and slowly lifted his own arms to wrap around Cas.
He's reaching out, slowly, like a man approaching a cornered animal. Dean flinches, he can't help flinching, because it's Cas and the last time he reached out like that, it was to shove him away before he fucking died. So yeah, he flinches, and it stops Cas in his tracks.
Snowflakes clung to the fibers of Cas's t-shirt, the tips of his eyelashes, the curls of hair on the back of his neck. He caught one on his finger, using a smidgen of his grace to preserve the crystalline formation before it melted. Before
He finally let go of Dean's pinky and dove into the center of his… circle? Space? If Dean didn't know any better he would've called it a nest.
Dean opened his eyes just a crack, lashes crusted together, eyelids swollen and sore. Something was plastered to his cheek, or maybe it was vice versa. It took a few seconds before he registered he was lying down horizontally, his body flat on the hard floor while his head was pillowed on something soft. After blinking a couple times, he could barely make out the fuzzy outlines of Sam and Jack, pizza boxes in hand, staring at him with wide eyes and slack jaws.
"Cas? You okay?" He dropped the soapy rag and quickly made his way across the room. Cas was soaking wet, dripping all over the newly cleaned floor, snow particles quickly melting against his skin. As he got closer, Dean realized his lips were blue, as well as the tips of his fingers, and his cheeks and nose were flushed bright pink. He reached out to touch Cas's face and nearly yelped at the icy coldness.
“Yeah, y’know, Cas’s friend from Starbucks? She babysits for us a lot too. They’re like, best friends or whatever.” And damn did it feel good to be acknowledged as such. Erin couldn’t deny the rush of smug satisfaction she felt hearing Dean say that, noting what almost sounded like a slight hint of jealousy in his words.
"Yeah, you're gonna have to gimme something more than that to go off of. I'm not a mind reader, dude."
“Yeah dude, I know. They texted Cas from my phone and tried to get him to bring Jack out, but Cas showed without him and that’s when things went south. CliffsNotes version, we, uh—” Dean shivered.
"Cas, if you want it then I want it too. You get to choose this time. I'm not gonna tell you no, not with this. You wanna buy the house? Let's do it, sweetheart. Let's make it a home."
to leave Dean. It physically pained him to be away. There was nothing in the world he wanted more than to be at Dean’s side, always, but he knew this was for the best. "It's better for me to stay away, where no one else gets hurt. And—and it will make it easier."
“Cas told me he was terrified of how you’d react to him asking you to move out with him and Jack. He—he said,” Erin took a steadying breath, “he said he’d rather be fucking
"Um, yeah, so Rowena did some sort of witchy crap to feel out his grace and somehow it made his wings manifest on this plane? She cast a spell after though so no one can see 'em besides me, you and her."
“Hey, no more crying. You’re okay, you’re okay,” Erin hushed, gently bouncing him against her chest. She nudged the bedroom door open with her hip and headed towards the kitchen, rubbing Jack’s back as she walked. Before reaching the fridge, Erin readjusted Jack and carefully set him in the baby bouncer/jumper thing in the corner of the kitchen. “Shh, stay here for just a sec. Please don’t cry, I’ll be right back.” Thankfully, all Jack did in return was wiggle in his seat and gurgle impatiently.
"Cas?" he asks again, because he's still scared this is too good to be true. He's lifting a finger to Cas's cheek and he's so fucking terrified he'll somehow pass through him, like a projected illusion. Just a trick of the light, just an array of electromagnetic wavelengths manipulated specifically to drive Dean insane.
Cas sat in front of Jack's kitchen chair, scooping out the last of the mushy baby food from the jar. "One more bite, okay baby?" The spoon trembled slightly in his hand as he raised it to Jack's mouth. He kept his back to Dean, continuing to ignore him, resolutely determined not to turn around. Cas was
"Dean, it's okay," he's saying, and Dean doesn't understand why. Then he realizes he's hyperventilating, still standing only because Cas is holding him up. He opens his mouth to tell Cas that he knows, that he's fine, but what comes out is a sob, and that's when he gives up. That's when he stops pretending.
"Alright, gimme a sec." Erin shoved the last piece of toast into her mouth, wiping her crumby hands against her sweatpants as she stood up.
"Sammy, what do you know about angels and nesting? Like is that even a thing?" Wheezing, Sam wiped his eyes and waited to catch his breath before answering.
“Baby, what’s wrong? It’s just a diaper change. I’ll be so quick, you won’t even notice.” It was true; Erin worked with the efficiency of a seasoned mother of five, but Jack didn’t seem comforted by the sentiment or speediness in the slightest. The old diaper went in the trash, Jack’s butt got wiped and covered with cream, and the new diaper was fastened all within the span of ninety seconds, and yet he continued to sob, even more severely than earlier that morning. Erin finally got him all buttoned up again and tried to soothe him, swaddling and rocking him, but he fought her the whole way. His movements were jerky and violent, and he flailed wildly against her arms and chest.
Dean's eyes widened and he looked down at the child, currently wrapped around his leg like it's a tree trunk and he's a monkey. Cas had been reoutfitted, the trenchcoat exchanged for a faded and worn band t-shirt of Dean’s. The bottom of the shirt extended well below Cas’s knees but hey, Dean was trying his best to make do with what they had. It’s not his fault the bunker didn’t have any clothing suitable for children just waiting on hand.
Dean couldn't breathe. Couldn't stop shaking, couldn't even think. He knew Cas's mouth was moving but everything was fuzzy, like he was hearing underwater. Distantly he felt himself being led back down the hallway by Cas, feet moving of their own accord. Honest to God, Dean was pretty sure he blacked out for a couple minutes because he couldn't recall ever getting back in bed. One moment he was leaving Jack's room, the next he found himself tucked under the covers of his bed, back pressed flush to Cas's chest. Yeah, he
By the time Dean merged onto the I-70, his intestines had tied themselves into knots that would’ve made a Boy Scout jealous. He couldn’t believe he actually said some of that shit to Cas, and then had the balls to fucking walk out on him, after promising so many times he would stay, that he would put in effort to make things work. God, he was acting like a dick. And he knew it, too.
Castiel shuffled up to the counter looking exhausted as hell. He wore flannel pajama pants and a rumpled, oversized sleep shirt, complete with the trademark coat.
"Can you play 'When Will My Life Begin?' from Tangled? It's from the Rapunzel movie we watched awhile ago."
"Um, could you turn on the water? Let it run cold," he said, wincing at just the thought of how freezing the bath was gonna be.
Without even meaning to, Dean found himself holding Cas's hand, clutching it like he'd somehow be lost if he let go. Cas just kept humming, burrowing further into his torso, murmuring "Dee" again and again like a broken record. Something was beginning to break behind his ribs, crack him apart from the center.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever you say." He flicked the corner of Cas's drawing, earning him a hiss and a feathery swat to the back of his head.
“Fuck. Fuck, you’re right. I do w-want him, I want him so fucking badly, I want that life with him and Jack but I don’t fucking deserve it. He deserves better. I’m gonna fuck it up and hurt him and the kid, it’s better that he hates me and leaves.”
"Taste it, baby. And be honest—does it need more salt? I can't tell anymore." Dean blew lightly above the steaming spoonful before offering it to Cas. He waited a second before sticking out his tongue with a hum, trying to parse through all the different flavors.
Everything I try to fix, I just break worse. I broke Heaven and I broke Sam's wall and I broke our family and I broke the world. You—you should've left me in the Empty, Dean. So I can't hurt anything else."
“M’body. It’s not used to all the h-human sensations. Overwhelmed. That’s why the pain keeps getting worse. Trying to adjust.” The hand that Cas didn’t have clutching the covers blindly roamed in Dean’s direction. Dean caught it, entangled their fingers, rubbed his thumb in circles on the heel of Cas’s palm.
Burying his face in Dean's chest, Cas chirped and snuggled closer. Dean rubbed slow circles against his back and he relaxed even further, leaning heavily on Dean’s front.
“I don’t deserve a family,” Cas whispered. He’d killed half of his last family, single-handedly wiped out hundreds of his own siblings, and then whoever managed to survive ended up getting kicked out of Heaven anyways. Because of him. Claire Novak grew up without a father,
"Yeah, 'course baby. C'mere." Dean shimmied onto the bed, carefully pulling Cas up onto his chest. He cushioned Cas’s head near his heart, pressing his cheek close, like if he held him tight enough he could keep him tucked away in his ribcage, safe and warm and protected forever. Dean kept his arms clear of Cas's back, not wanting to brush against the wounds.
Cas hums. “Not just stars. Nebulas, galaxies—the Milky Way was Gabriel’s pet project, but everyone pitched in with something. I had a hand in a few constellations you’d probably recognize.”
Dead silence. Erin had felt every single one of those words pierce her heart like a bullet; she couldn’t even imagine how Cas must be feeling. ‘Devastated’ probably barely even scratched the surface.
Fingers started running through his hair, something Cas was quickly discovering worked as somewhat of an off-switch for him. He sighed, sinking further into the mattress (the memory foam mattress) ((
It takes a second but eventually Dean gets it. He knows Cas has never forgiven himself for his time playing God, for releasing the Leviathan, everything that followed in the terrible aftermath.
“Yeah. He’s my dad, and Sam’s friend, and your… something,” he said, making a funny little hand gesture towards Dean and Cas. “He should feel like he belongs here.” Jack stood up a little straighter. “When Cas gets back to normal, we need to do better, I think. We should give him a hug and tell him we love him. And then keep doing that.” He fixed Dean with an odd but very intense look. “You
(duh). Cas blushed and beamed as Dean took the paper, tracing the rings of color with his finger. It really was a nice picture.
Cas sounded like he'd gone weeks without a drink of water. He stood in front of her with slumped shoulders, his arms wrapped around his body, making himself look very small. Erin only hesitated a second before stepping forward and pulling him into a hug. She felt him stiffen instinctively for a moment, but he relaxed just as quickly, completely melting against her.
you, and it’s not up to you whether you’re deserving of his love or not. That’s his choice. He chooses to love you. And if you think he deserves better, then fucking be better. Do better if you really care about him.”
okay. I want us to be good, and we're working on it, and that's what matters.” Dean bit the inside of his mouth to keep himself from bawling like a baby. God, this kid was gonna be the death of him.
Cas looked up at him with watery eyes, betrayed and scared. "Dee?" Bile rose in Dean's throat, eating away at him.
He was still buried in all those towels, but Dean could just barely see the sheen of sweat coating his forehead. The bed dipped as he struggled against some imaginary enemy, rolling back and forth in distress.
"And I don't blame him, of course. I can't. I just wish he would be honest with me. I need him to be transparent about what he wants, because I can't tell on my own." He smiled sadly again. "Communication has never been our strong suit. In fact, our first few interactions were just a series of spectacular miscommunications, mainly on my end. But we were both trying so hard to reach each other, and we—we just kept failing." Cas exhaled softly and closed his eyes.
Erin felt totally breathless, like all the air had been punched out of her. Sweet baby Jesus. This man is
"Can you stand okay?" At this point, Jasmine looked physically fine, but Erin knew she probably still felt pretty weak.
before fixing his gaze on Jasmine. A sinking feeling grew in Dean's gut as he watched Cas square his shoulders with a deep breath. His trusty angel blade slid out of his sleeve, which Jasmine noticed with a smirk.
“Jesus,” she breathed, beginning to feel unsettled. That was… weird. Really weird. And then she noticed Jack had gone totally silent, and her heart stopped. She quickly pulled away from where she’d been clutching him to her body, terrified that he’d actually passed out from crying too hard, but she was met with wide blue eyes, just staring at her.
Erin startled, her knee hitting the table. She cursed softly before turning around to face Castiel. A tiny gasp escaped her, hand flying to cover her mouth as her eyes widened.
(understanding, forgiving). They sat there for a few minutes, Dean lightly rocking them back and forth. Cas had gone full boneless on him and when he looked down, he saw that the kid was peacefully dozing. Anxiety flared in his stomach for a second; why was Cas sleeping so often? Was he sick? But the more Dean thought about it, he realized it did kinda make sense; Cas had probably been up most of the night tearing his room apart, looking for suitable nest material.
Dean resolved to tell Cas the second they got back from the Empty. He had still been fucking livid at the angel—who gave Cas the fucking right to just, just
"Cas, can I have my finger back now please? I need it to cook with Dean," Jack asked softly. Cas whined, wings drooping a little. Suddenly, Dean was struck by an idea. He put down the cup of batter carefully.
She deleted letters until she was left with 'Cas', pausing before she decided to add on the cup of coffee emoji. It just seemed right.
Erin let out a huge sigh of relief. "Okay, good. I mean, I didn't think you were religious, but then you went all New Testament on my ass and I was like well
Dean stopped talking and almost immediately found himself enveloped in a pair of arms. The angle was awkward, what with Cas still sleeping curled up on his chest, but he did his best to hug Jack back.
“No. You told me yourself, that first year you got me back into hunting, that you were tired of it.” He slams his fist against the table. “
"Wait, Dean, that's not what I meant." He felt Cas's hand land gently on his shoulder again. "I know. I know you, and you're good, Dean. You have the most beautiful soul in the entire universe, of course I know. I just—there's a lot of memories, and a lot of emotions, and it's very confusing, trying to match all of them. I think I just got mixed up. Please don't be upset. You're good, I know you are. It's okay."
"Woah! Okay, calm down, kiddo." Dean swayed on his feet, the abrupt change leaving him a little lightheaded. Cas stood on the ground and reached up to hold his hand, steadying him.
"Fuck. C'mere, sweetheart," Dean said quietly, sliding one hand from Cas's face to the back of his neck. They were both still sitting in the goddamn Starbucks parking lot, Dean having moved from Cas's side to squat in front of him. He dropped to his knees and guided Cas's head to rest in the crook of his neck. His other arm snaked around Cas's waist and Cas suddenly pitched forward, hands digging into the back of Dean's shirt. Dean just squeezed him tighter, attempting to placate the shakes running through Cas's body.
Cas's brow furrowed and he unfurled his wings, trailing on the ground. In a flash, Dean found himself surrounded by black feathers, engulfing him in some sort of angelic hug. He sniffled and bit his lip, willing himself not to cry any harder. Another hand reached up to wipe salty tracks from his cheeks, and in a second Cas was cradling his face, wings squeezing him a little tighter. He looked at him and Dean could practically feel the adoration radiating from Cas's being.
in panic, which Erin found unreasonably funny. "Guys. Chill. I don't think anyone could hurt Jack if they tried, and we're just gonna be sitting in the car." She unbuckled the carrier, listening to Jack snuffle at the disturbance, and carefully placed it on Jasmine, tightening the straps for her before stepping away. Erin smiled in satisfaction, and Dean and Jasmine looked seconds away from puking.
"But then that would mean he's somehow unable to respond to Sam at the moment, which… is not an especially comforting thought." Oh. Shit. Erin had not considered that at all. Fuck, it really was a total lose-lose situation.
After deeming the temperature acceptable, Dean let the tub fill about halfway before turning back to Cas. "Alright little guy, time to get in. Shirt's gotta come off." Grabbing the bottom of the shirt, he had Cas hold his arms above his head so he could yank it off smoothly, balling it up to chuck at the door. He hooked his arms underneath Cas's shoulders, swinging him over the edge of the tub. The kid angel let out an undignified squawk before plopping in the water, submerged to his belly button.
thank u for reading, hope u liked it!!! just a heads up i think i’m probably gonna end up getting this finished after a few more chapters :) thank u @ everyone who’s stuck w the story so far, this was my first fic so i rly didn’t expect many ppl to read this much less give me feedback n stuff but u guys have been so amazing n kind n motivating!! it’s made me so happy to know yall actually like my writing lol so thank u so much yall are srsly the best <33333
"Who the fuck are you and what the fuck do you want with me?" Dean grunted, straight to the point. Now that he was awake, he could tell he was on the floor, arms behind his back and tied to a metal column. He wiggled a bit, testing the ropes, but they were taut and thick.
"Easy, cowboy. Your boyfriend is right here, like I said he'd be. Thing is, you said you'd bring the nephil, and I sure as hell don't see one 'round here, unless you're hiding it in that hideous coat of yours."
what she signed up for. Sure, she could handle upset babies. Hell, that’s all she’d done for the past day and a half. But this? This was an entirely new level of distress from Jack. She’d thought his earlier episodes were bad, but they all paled drastically in comparison to his behavior right now.
"It's—it's okay, Dean. It's okay," Cas whispered. He reached up towards Dean's face, straining to lift his arm. Dean grabbed his hand and brought it to his cheek, shakily intertwining their fingers.
“Castiel. I'm proud of you. Parenthood is hard enough without having to navigate the complexities of becoming a homeowner and uncertain love, but you're trying your best. And at least you're doing something. Maybe your decision ultimately comes back to bite you in the ass; at least you can say you tried to make your situation better, rather than letting opportunities slip by. You're doing a really hard thing, and I'm here if you need me.”
Again, because Erin really couldn't think of anything to say, she simply gave Cas another hug. It's not like it's her fault he looks perpetually touch-starved, okay? Seriously, the man might as well be holding a sign saying
Erin could tell something was off as soon as Cas opened the door. The dark circles under his eyes looked like bruises, his hair even more disheveled than usual. Clunky rumbling from what sounded like a washing machine echoed through the house, overlapping the faint wailing noise carrying through the hallways.
Castiel had been sitting outside for some time now, resting on the curb, head in hands. He was a fool. A goddamn fool. Of course Dean would never want him. Of course he would be repulsed by Cas’s feelings, mock him for his “domestic wet dream,” his absurd fantasy of attaining even just a semblance of normalcy. Of course Dean would take a shot at Cas’s inadequacy as a father, his inability to provide Jack with a real family, parents who actually know what they’re doing. God, he missed Jack so bad. He wanted to kiss his forehead, hold him close and feel his heartbeat against his chest, reassure him that he will never be a burden to Cas, that he is so loved, that Cas considers himself the luckiest man alive with Jack as his son.
you, you son of a bitch, I—you b-bled so much, and I couldn’t stop it, I thought you burnt through your grace and
It was weird; Dean had stomached way more than his fair share of nauseating things over the years—the blood, the gore, the
“Sorry to disappoint, I guess. Ever think that maybe we got bigger problems than your average vamp hunt or trackin’ down a few no-name demons? Hate to break it to ya, but low-life skanks like you ain’t exactly a priority.” He grinned, ever the cheeky, cocky smooth-talker, but Jasmine just smiled coolly, baring her teeth like a dog out for blood.
"Maybe the Empty ripped out Cas's grace and something about it made him a human child? Like he's starting from scratch?"
Cas chewed on his lip, fingers twitching against the counter anxiously. "Okay. Okay, I trust you. Thank you so much. I'm so sorry for doing this to you but thank you." He turned back to Jack with a heartbroken expression, quickly taking off his bib and scooping him up into his arms.
alright buckle in friends this one is a bit of a doozy. warning in advance for egregious abuse of italics and em dashes lol
“Yeah, uh, you too,” she said, wincing as the words fell out of her mouth. God, she felt so awkward. Thankfully, Sam quickly diverted his attention back to Dean and Cas, walking over to meet them as they reached the bottom of the stairs.
Cas freaked the fuck out after Erin told him about meeting Dean. He stormed into the Starbucks a few days later, catching Erin off-guard sitting at a table during her break.
“Nah, I don’t think so. You should be clear.” She nodded, opened her car door, and turned back to Dean with a sweet smile.
She pondered Cas's words while Cas continued to stand, mildly agitated, running his fingers through his permanently messy hair.
"Are… are you insecure about your, uh, nest? Is that what this is about?" he asked, trying to figure out what exactly had Cas acting the way he was.
Fuck indeed. Erin shrugged at Dean, not feeling overly sympathetic for him. “Go apologize. Tell him the truth. Cas deserves to hear it, and he deserves to hear it from you.”
“Dude. It’s a song. Alanis Morissette?” Cas squinted then shook his head. “Oh, c’mon, there’s no way you’ve never listened to it.”
“Hey, do you guys wanna hang in the library while we take care of Cas? It’s just right over here, and you’ll probably find it more comfortable.” Jasmine and Erin turned to look at each other, unsure of what to do or say. Jasmine shrugged, making Jack bounce up and down. He burbled as Sam waited expectantly for an answer.
you know what I want.” The words are pouring out of his mouth now, gaining momentum with each syllable. “I don’t care what I have to do. I don’t care if I have to go through every single goddamn angel stuffed in you, I don’t care if it rips me apart, just—just give me a chance to find him. Just tell me where he is. Please.”
With that still ringing in his ears, Dean was back in the bunker. He was gasping, coughing, eyes watering for multiple reasons. Cas slid his hand from where it was plastered on Dean's forehead to rest on his cheek, impossibly gentle. He could feel the power resting under Cas's skin, the boundless energy his vessel contained, grace pulsing just beneath the surface like a horse chomping at the bit. He often forgot what exactly being an angel meant; this was a blunt reminder of Cas's divine nature, his existence as something distinctly
Even in Hell, Dean's soul far outshined anything he had ever seen. It was bursting with goodness and bravery and love—he couldn't help himself. He fell in love. He clutched Dean's soul to his chest and he loved him. The soul screamed and writhed, spat and cried, begging Dean (Cas) to leave him there.
Erin beamed. “Ditto, dude. You’re by far the most interesting customer I have.” She paused for a second.
More guilt started taking root, squeezing around his heart. "I know,” he admitted, shame burning in his cheeks. “I can hear his prayers."
He looks up, and the silver tendrils are solidifying, twisting, weaving back into tendons and ligaments and muscle, and the white spirals are calcifying to bone, to a spine and ribcage, and the rotating spheres are flattening on top of each other like scales, laying themselves down, grafting and stretching like skin—no,
"Good, but yes, it could probably use another pinch of salt," he finally decided, subconsciously nodding his head as he spoke. Dean smiled.
As if on cue, Cas's eyes flew open and he sat up, doubling over in a fit of coughs before calming himself down. He took a big breath and turned to meet Dean's eyes, wide and uncertain.
The roar of fire coming to life cut off Cas's sentence, a line of flames igniting between them. Cas backed away from Dean, startled, and he stood up before they could get Dean free, leaving him still restrained to the column. A ring of fire surrounded Cas, illuminating what Dean could recognize as panic in his expression.
Castiel nodded. "It's okay. Thank you, Erin." But there was something haunted in his eyes that gave Erin the feeling that no, it was not in fact okay, and that's when she knew they weren't just talking about coffee. When Castiel walked out of the building, shoulders slumped slightly, she fought the weirdest urge to run and hug him. He just looked like he really needed one. Erin shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts before more customers came in. God, what the hell was she doing, getting all up in Castiel's interpersonal life? She still barely knew the guy, except that he's absolutely fucking whipped for someone who apparently doesn't appreciate him. Erin brought her fingers to her temple, feeling a headache already looming on the horizon.
This was giving Dean a fat motherfucker of a headache. "Alright. Okay, so what's the bottom line here?"
from Dean was too much to comprehend. He bit his lip and reached out his hand, wrapping his palm around Dean's middle three fingers. "Well, I love you too," he said shyly.
"Can't," Cas whimpered, so quiet Dean barely caught it. His hand froze and he bent down closer to Cas's face.
Cas turned around with an armful of pillows and blankets, an odd expression on his face. "Of course you can stay, Erin. You have a place here anytime you need one, okay? I'm never—" He stopped for a second, almost sounding a little choked up. "I'm never going to refuse you shelter like that. Even if something happened between us and we weren't friends anymore. As long as you're not a danger to Jack, you're always welcome."
As Dean’s mind continued to race, Charlie leaned forward and spun the bottle. Around and around it went, all the while hoping it would land on one person in particular. It slowed and finally it stopped.
He’s lying. You look disgusting. He doesn’t love you. This is pity. How could you let him touch you? You, with your repulsive body. Imagine how he feels. His hands running over your fat. Forcing himself to touch a monster. You think he likes this?
Attached to the text was a picture of Cas in a cat ear Snapchat filter, blowing a kiss. He looked super cute for no reason.
Cas glared at Dean, but still set up the GPS. Dean cranked up some classic rock mix-tape he had made, and they set out on the hour-long journey.
The next morning, Dean was yet again whipping up a stack of chocolate chip pancakes when Cas entered the room. His heart skipped a beat, and he froze in anticipation.
“Cas, buddy, I get you want to help, but I don’t need you to watch me slee-.” Dean began, stopping once he felt the pain again. He groaned, grabbing his stomach.
“Come upstairs with me.” Cas took Dean’s hand and led them to their bedroom. He unbuttoned Dean’s shirt, noticing how tense he was. He ran his hands over his chest and down across his stomach. He could’ve swore Dean was holding his breath.
As they went through the fairgrounds, Dean was keeping mental notes of all the rides he wanted to come back to. Dean was leading them to his favorite ride in the park. If he was a nice friend, he would’ve eased Cas into the scarier rides, but he wasn’t. He wanted to throw him right into the terror.
Cas clicks play on the first movie that comes up. It’s some b-list romcom, but it’s rated PG-13, and that’s all Dean needs to know. Everyone will be clothed, and hopefully if there is a gardener, all they’ll be doing is gardening.
“Do you think this would be okay as our photo from the fireworks? I know we’re barely in it, I just got our legs in the shot, but it’s a super cute picture of Sam.”
“What can I say? I’m a “spread the love” kind of guy. Speaking of which…” Garth grabbed a glass bowl from the table behind him. “Y’all want in on this?”
“That couldn’t be? Could it?” Cas thought to himself. He carefully slid his arm from underneath Dean’s and reached back. He paused, his hand hovering in the air, reconsidering if he actually wanted the answer to his questions. He did.
“Don’t think this gets you out of buying me a pretzel either,” Dean said, setting the monkey on his shoulders.
His thoughts began to get the best of him. Would Cas still want to be with a fat pig? He wasn’t worthy of good things anyway. He couldn’t control himself. Couldn’t stop from stuffing his face. From filling his body to its limits, belly bloated and disgusting. He deserved to be punished. He deserved nothing but emptiness.
“Five minutes to spare!” Dean gave himself a congratulatory punch on the shoulder before heading to his room.
Dean was possessed by an archangel, an archangel who wanted to destroy the world, no less, you’d think there’d be a trail of destruction to follow. But here they were, searching for clues in the calm before the storm, and coming up empty handed.
“Maybe not, but that doesn’t mean you have to keep everything to yourself. You don’t always have to carry the weight of this life on your own.”
Dean was so consumed with the task at hand, that he didn’t hear the footsteps coming upstairs. Next thing he knew, there was a knock at the door.
Dean’s personal favorite was when they went as Toy Story characters. He went as Woody, Charlie went as Jessie, and as much as they tried to convince Sam to go as Andy, the poor, space-obsessed child insisted that he go as one of the aliens.
As Bobby lit the candles, he and Sam sang an off-key version of happy birthday while Dean tried to keep from laughing. Sam was on the edge of his seat, telling Dean to make a wish, make a wish!
Dean bought bracelets for both of them so they could ride as many rides as they wanted. Cas wanted to pay for his, but Dean said he could just pick up the gas on the way back.
Cas was instantly filled with disappointment. He wasn’t sure what he expected to happen, but he hoped it would be different than this.
“Dad please!” Dean cried out, pleading for John to stop. He tried to crawl away, but John continued his rampage.
The room is silent. Neither man knows what to say that won’t make the other feel even more uncomfortable. It feels like it lasts hours. Every possible sentence gets swallowed back down before it even has a chance to be spoken. A clock ticks from somewhere else in the house, and Dean chooses to focus on that so he doesn’t puke all over Castiel’s couch.
Yawning, Dean rubbed the sleep from his eyes, stretching his arms over his head. He brushed his teeth and took a quick shower, before throwing on some jeans and a button down shirt. He wanted to look nice, but casual. He knew most places that would consider hiring him probably wouldn’t care much about his appearance, but first impressions are important.
Cas wrote the final list on the jumbo piece of paper before ripping it off the pad and taping it to his wall.
He knew he was ruining the day, which was a damn shame since they seldom get to have days like this. Sam was usually busy at his law firm, Cas worked all week at the elementary school, and Dean was a car salesman, so it was rare that their schedules would line up. Cas and Sam seemed to be having a good time though, which was all that mattered.
Cas nodded, squeezing Dean’s hand as the ride swung backwards. They were suspended, probably 100 feet above the ground, and despite the inherent panic, the adrenaline rush was starting to kick in. He knew on the next swing forward they’d be upside down.
The mid-morning sun beamed against the curtains, casting a grey shadow on the walls, birds were chirping, and there was someone’s breath on Cas’s ear. His eyes shot open, but he remained still. The breathing continued. Cas slowly turned his head, happy to find that it was Dean, and not some burglar with a cuddling fetish.
“Secondly, I know we’re young, and this may seem like I’m jumping the gun, but I’ve never been more certain about anything in my life. I almost lost you once, and I realized that I don’t want to spend another day without you by my side.”
Nonetheless, Dean lifted the bowl to his lips and pulled the smoke into his lungs. He leaned in close to Cas, and if Cas didn’t know better, he would’ve thought they were about to kiss. Dean reached up, and with one finger, pushed Cas’s chin down so he would open his mouth.
They almost had it. They saved Jack and Mary, the apocalypse was trapped in the other world, along with Lucifer, then it was all ripped away. Again.
Dean hummed to himself, trying to remain patient. He didn’t think he could handle more than another week of this. Every morning the same sleepy smile greeting him, every morning the same honest surprise, every morning his heart swelling with hope only to be rung dry before the coffee was done.
He sat up, throwing the blankets off his body, legs swinging off the edge of the mattress. He grabbed a pen and a small piece of paper. He scribbled something down quickly, before setting it on the dresser.
It was officially summer vacation, and as much as Dean wanted to enjoy not having to wake up while the moon was still out, his rusted old fan had finally kicked the bucket and he woke up covered in sweat. He picked up his phone and checked the time. 5am. Fantastic. He fiddled with the fan, turning it on and off, unplugging it and plugging it back in, but no luck.
He had a solid job, a nice house, and a wonderful husband, all the things that should make a person happy, but for some reason he couldn’t keep his doubts at bay. Those pesky little thoughts kept telling him he wasn’t good enough, that Cas deserved someone better, that he was unlovable.
“Well thank you. That’s very thoughtful. Come in.” Cas places the flowers in a vase as Dean gets comfortable on the couch. He gets both of them a glass of water before joining Dean in the living room. “So, what did you want to talk about?”
Dean sat the scrapbook down, and sat on the edge of Cas’s bed. He took Cas’s hands into his own, and held them tight. He steadied his breath, focusing.
“Are you about to friend-break up with me?” Dean shot up, setting his pretzel to the side. “If you even think about saying “It’s not you, it’s me” I swear to god-”
He lowered his hand down between his body and Deans, screaming as he realized what he was touching. He snatched his hand away, and in his panic, he rolled off the bed and fell to the floor with a thud. The sudden screaming and thrashing woke up Dean, who proceeded to activate his fight response. He jumped up, flinging the blanket to the foot of the bed, trying to figure out what was happening.
“Damn it Cas, I need you!” Dean yelled, unable to keep his emotions inside any longer. He brought his hand to Cas’s face, softly caressing his cheek. “I need you to come back to me.”
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. He had fantasized about this moment for years, and here it was, right in front of him. Dean’s gaze shifted between Cas’s eyes and his lips. His heartbeat was pounding in his ears and his palms were sweaty. He couldn’t bring himself to answer, so he just nodded his head.
He was sluggish at work. The customers noticed, his co-workers noticed. He was usually the most charismatic person in the building, so to see him with his head propped up on his hand, nearly falling asleep at his desk, was odd.
Cas spoke the words that had lingered on the tip of his tongue for so long, and he felt free. Even as he watched Dean’s eyes fill with tears, he didn’t regret letting Dean know how special he was, how important, how loved. That was the last thing he’d say to Dean, and it was worth it. The weight that haunted him had been lifted and Dean had been saved.
Dean situated himself in the small space next to Cas on the hospital bed, his arm gently draped across Cas’s chest.
They headed into town, first stop on the list was the movie theater. Upside: it was air conditioned and you got to eat free popcorn. Downside: he would run into a lot of people from school there. Nonetheless, he walked in and filled out an application. Cas was supportive of this choice, as Dean would probably be able to hook him up with promotional posters.
He most certainly was not. He was caught off guard is all. But as he looked around, everyone seemed ok with it. Guess there was no turning back.
The popcorn was 130 calories per cup, there was probably 4 cups of popcorn in that bowl, making it 520 calories. The bowl of chips was probably 1,000 calories. The candy bars were 350 a piece, the licorice was probably 1,000, and on a bad day, Dean knew he could eat all of it by himself.
Cas took Dean into his arms, holding him tight, afraid he might fall apart otherwise. He couldn’t remember everything, but Cas knew he loved this man and that he wanted to make it better. He wasn’t sure how, so he just settled on the one thing he knew he could do, and that was to be there in that moment, unconditional and empathetic.
“Perhaps you should go a little easier next time,” Cas said with a smile, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
About an hour later, when Cas’s parents were asleep and the house was quiet, he crept downstairs to the kitchen and snuck out the back door. He met up with Dean at the park and they headed out.
“Ouch.” Meg placed her hand over her heart, in a display of faux hurt. She leaned down and grabbed the glass bottle, spinning it with a quick flick of her wrist.
“Can I get in the house first?” Dean laughs, taking off his coat, and his gas mask. He leans down to taste his boyfriend’s homemade tomato sauce. “Oh yeah, that
He didn’t even wait for it to cool, he cut it up, tossed it on a plate, and dug in. It burned his mouth, but he didn’t care. The cheese and the sauce and the meat tasted too good. He missed the simplicity of eating whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, but this was exactly why he stopped. After eating the first slice, it started to become almost robotic; he’d pick up the next one and eat it as quickly as he could. He couldn’t tell if he was enjoying any part of it. There was no savoring of the flavors, only piling in the slices like a vacuumous hole. In no time, he had eaten the entire pizza.
“Dean, what are you going to do when I’m not here and you have to fight the big, scary bugs for yourself?”
After the initial rush of people was served, Cas took a break to check his phone. He had a couple texts from his mom, asking him how everything was going.
He was maybe thirteen years old, right in the awkward thralls of puberty, and discovering new feelings. He was popping boners left and right for the girls on the cheerleading squad, the substitute English teacher… Nathan from the baseball team.
This wasn’t the first time Dean dealt with issues like this, but while on a lunch date with Sam and Castiel, his past decided to sneak its way into the present.
His mom told him to be safe, and head right home afterwards. She didn’t want him out in a bad part of town after dark.
“Morning sunshine!” Dean said, pulling out a chair. “Made your favorite: chocolate chip pancakes and hash browns.”
Dean lead Cas to his bedroom, sitting him down in a wooden chair near his light. He had Cas take off his jacket so he could assess whatever injuries the fire may have caused. It didn’t look bad. Mostly some redness, no blistering.
Cas loved seeing Dean have a moment of peace. He loved even more that he got to be a part of it. If this was all he got to have of Dean, he’d take it and be happy.
Dean opened the bag and pulled out a pile of hand-colored paper bees. They would’ve been hand drawn as well, but Dean tried, and it came out looking like when people who have no cooking experience try to make pancake art. So, he printed out a bunch of black and white pictures and colored them in.
Euphoria washed over Dean, his smile plastered like a croissant under cherry-blushed cheeks. Cas remembered.
Cas considered the point. It would be something he’d never done before, and if all the people before him could ride the ride and be okay, then maybe he would be too.
John had moved them to a new house when he was in middle school, forcing him to leave behind most of his friends and make new ones. It was hard, and he didn’t want Cas to struggle the way he did. Plus, Cas was a total nerd, and Dean loved spending time with him.
Dean gave into his hunger and closed the space between them, pressing his lips against the Angel’s. Dean tasted like beer and Cas tasted like everything Dean’s soul had been missing.
He lifts his head and notices how the light from the TV somehow makes Cas’s eyes look a darker blue. And how he has a couple freckles near his nose. And how the stubble along his jaw would probably prick his chin if they kissed.
“You know what, Cas,” Dean began, taking a swig from a nearby bottle of beer, needing to wash down his nerves, “if your family can’t see how amazing you are, then that’s their loss. You are funny, and caring, and so fucking cute. And honestly…” Dean paused.
“Guess I just wanted to get my hands dirty. Make something out of nothing. Can’t say I’ve done too much of that these days though.”
They washed and dried the dishes in a comfortable silence. Basking in the subtle bliss and domestic calm of the moment. It was like their pasts never happened. Like the world was a blank slate and they were writing their future.
Dean took Cas’s face into his hands, looking deeply into his eyes. “I am so madly in love with you. I need you to remember Cas, please.” His voice broke as tears welled in his eyes.
Dean had started college at Kansas State. He decided to major in architectural engineering, which was harder than he expected, but Cas was more than happy to tutor him. It gave him something to do, and he loved seeing Dean chase after his dreams.
“You deserve to be happy. And you deserve to be cared for. And that is the only thing I want to do. That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do. Despite our ups and downs, there is no other being in Heaven or on Earth that I would rather be with.”
“The world has seen so much pain, Dean. Why add to that? Haven’t we suffered enough?” He rests his forehead against Dean’s. “I’m asking you to choose this. Choose happiness, and hope. Choose to stay. Please.”
Well, Dean actually did draw the line at being a stripper. He couldn’t dance, and if John found out, he’d be dead. Sure the money would probably be good, but he wasn’t ready to commit to a life of sex work.
“Shit.” Garth sighed defeatedly, hanging his head. “I’m going to make sure no one’s hurt. I’ll leave this with you two. I know she’ll be in good hands.” Garth handed the bowl to Dean, and went to check on the commotion.
Dean set the phone down, and held Cas’s hands. Even now, they were shaking. Dean had spent his life looking for the better half of his soul, and here he was, oblivious to all of it.
“I know. But it scares me. When you’re feeling down, I’m supposed to be there for you, but I couldn’t even manage to do that.”
Dean grabbed Cas’s hand and dragged him into the line. There were a decent amount of people in front of them, so Cas had plenty of time to back out if he wanted to. He did, but part of him kind of wanted to see what Dean loved about the ride.
This time, both of them were smiling, eyes completely open, the sun shining just right. It was perfect. Cas hooked his phone to his computer and printed out the picture.
“It’s ok. We’re gonna fix this. Whatever this is, we’re going to work through it,” he said, kissing the top of Dean’s head. Cas held him in the silence, nothing but their breathing and the warmth of each other occupying the space. Neither of them knew the right words to say, but they had each other.
By the time November rolled around, it was time for Thanksgiving break. It was only a week, but Dean was looking forward to going home. While he enjoyed the freedom of living on campus, he underestimated how much he was going to miss Sam.
He closed his eyes, as if to pray, before realizing there was no one there. No one left in heaven or on earth who could hear his pleas. No one who cared.
“Okay then.” Cas switches the screen to a clear night sky full of stars. He tells the lights in the room to lower, and they dim at his command.
He could feel the sinking weight of grief that made a home in his chest. His heart could barely beat, blood thickened with guilt. He knew he wasn’t worthy of breath.
Cas types up a short text, explaining that it was him and that he got Dean’s number from his work computer, and that he just wanted to make sure he was okay. He was hoping Dean would be willing to overlook the creepy implications of Cas getting his phone number like that and instead see that he’s just worried about him.
Dean nearly dropped the soda bottle, his hands fumbling to keep it on the table. “What are you talking about?”
Everything went well, except for when Dean introduced Cas to his roommate. Cas didn’t like him. He gave off a creepy, power trip vibe, like he wanted to watch the world burn, and he wanted to be the one to set the fire.
“Look who finally moved! I was starting to get worried.” Sam joked, trying to lighten the mood. Didn’t work.
“Because you blinked.” He showed the photo to Dean and sure enough, there he was, mid-blink. He looked stoned.
“Thanks.” Dean sat on the edge of the bed, staring at the floor. “I know I’ve been fucking everything up lately, but I promise I’m trying.”
After things were tidy, Dean decided to relax and take it easy. His body felt awful and he honestly didn’t want to move.
Dean didn’t say anything. What could he say? He knew he couldn’t keep this a secret forever, but he didn’t want to hurt Cas. He could tell that’s exactly what he did.
Cas downed the rest of his drink, wiping the dribble on the back of his hand. When he turned around, he saw Dean being pulled into the arms of a lanky young man, who appeared to be smelling him as they embraced.
Cas walks closer, placing his hands on the sides of Dean’s face. He pulls him into a kiss, light and passionate. There’s so much behind it, desire, compassion, desperation, love. As Cas pulls away, he searches Dean’s eyes for any sign that he might consider what he’s about to say.
As Dean got to the most recent pictures, it felt surreal to be looking at them while Cas was lying across from him in a hospital bed. It seemed like he and Cas were just together, planning a new trip, and fooling around with each other.
It was around 10pm, and Cas was on the verge of falling asleep to a nature documentary when his phone buzzed and jolted him awake. He squinted as his eyes tried to adjust to the brightness of the phone screen. It was a text from Dean.
“Okay fine. I’ve been… questioning things a lot lately. I’ve realized that there are things in this life that I feel I’ve missed out on. There’s still so much out there that I want to experience, for the first time maybe, and it scares the shit out of me man.”
The question hung in the air. Cas was stunned, unsure if he heard the question correctly. It seemed like something out of a dream, but as he looked up at Dean’s adorable face, it clicked. He wanted to be the one to help paint Dean’s room his favorite color, he wanted to bring him soup when he was sick, and he wanted to make sure he knew he was important, not only to him, but to the world. He knew the answer would be easy.
Cas went back to check on Dean, who was still locked in the bathroom. He knocked on the door, frowning when he didn’t hear an answer.
“Damn, I almost forgot. We have to take a picture. Number 15, remember?” Cas pulled his phone from his pocket, opening the camera.
“C’mon. What are you scared of? It can’t be heights, ‘cause the Ferris wheel is the tallest ride in the park.”
Shifting his gaze between Dean’s eyes and his lips, Cas was entirely consumed by his beauty. Dean leaned in, their foreheads touching, seemingly blocking out the rest of the world. It was only the two of them. Cas could feel the warmth of Dean’s breath against his lips, the faint aroma of hops trailing behind, and his heart fluttered. They were so close and yet so far, but Dean didn’t move. Didn’t want to break the stillness of the moment. He just held Cas close, humming under his breath to the music.
By the time Dean picked up his father and Sam, it was almost time for dinner. They ended up leaving 15 minutes late because Sam couldn’t find his dress shoes. It didn’t makes sense to Dean. Sam had just worn them when he took Eileen to homecoming. How could he lose them that fast?
“Look…” Dean slid his hands into the pockets of his pants, keeping his eyes fixed on the floor. “Can we please pretend that this morning never happened?”
He hadn’t realized how hot the water was till he looked down at his hands. They were scalded red. The steam radiated up, bringing him back to reality.
John worked as a machine operator in a factory downtown. He worked overnights, often long hours, and when he got home he expected the house to be in order, and to not be disturbed. In his opinion, it was basic respect, and he expected nothing else from his boys. After all, he worked to make sure they had food in their stomachs and a roof over their heads. They should be thankful they had a father who made sure they stayed out of trouble and were taken care of.
Cas pulled some money out of his pocket, and paid for two rounds. Dean tried to convince him to do something a little easier, but Cas knew what he was doing.
“So, maybe we should just pick a movie the old fashioned way, huh?” Cas says, daring to break the tension.
Dean gives Cas another kiss before heading out the door, heading home to contemplate what his future holds.
“You’re kidding me, right?” Cas looked up as the ride swung into motion, the people screaming as they were sent into the air and were hanging upside down.
In a perfect world, this would have been the moment where Cas’s hand would twitch, and Dean would call his name, and Cas would respond to his voice, and the doctor would rush in, and Cas would come out of the coma.
“I picked this song because you sang it to me when we went to the mall. I didn’t want to go into American Eagle, but you insisted because you needed a new cardigan. Then you were dancing and you used your smoothie as a microphone...” Dean paused to laugh, remembering that day and how much fun they had, “and spilled the bright pink strawberry banana mess all over their display of white t-shirts. Then they kicked us out.”
Dean heard the front door shut, and the car pull out of the driveway. He was left staring at the ceiling in silence. Silence seemed to be his enemy, as it gave his thoughts room to shout.
“Hey, it happens. Important part is that I was able to protect Sam. Kid’s doing pretty damn good, so I guess I didn’t mess him up too bad.” Dean lets out a light chuckle, half joking, half wondering what Sam could’ve accomplished if he was given a normal life.
“Thank you, Cas! This is friggin’ sweet!” Dean looked like a kid on Christmas morning, and Cas would throw a hundred more baseballs if it meant he could keep that smile on Dean’s face.
Right. Dean probably doesn’t remember dandelions, and Cas hasn’t found a valuable use for it in his lab, so he doesn’t grow it.
Cas pulled away, a look of pure panic on his face. Dean was his friend. How could he have crossed a line like this? He was sure he messed everything up.
“I’m back, and I come bearing gifts!” Cas sat on the edge of the bed, carefully handing the hot mug of tea over to Dean. Just as he expected, it was sweet and creamy. Dean took small sips, trying not to seer his tongue, but failing miserably. The burn wasn’t entirely unwelcome.
“Maybe it’s the sunset, or the lack of oxygen up here, but I’m gonna go out on a limb and say what I feel, too.” Dean fiddled with the loose string on his shirt. “You like me, and I like you, so what do you say we make this thing official?”
It was good advice, so Dean listened to it. He took the rest of that day for himself and started packing. It was a little overwhelming to think that he’d be taking his life with him to a brand new location, but he knew it was for the best. He wished he could share this moment with Cas. They were supposed to be embarking on this journey together, but Dean knew Cas would be there, panicking about how many pairs of underwear he’d need, in no time.
They spent the day riding as many of the rides as they could. There were two that Dean was too tall to ride. He was mad, because they tell you how tall you have to be to ride it, but not how tall is too tall.
“What can I say? When someone comes into your life, and they make your heart sing, why waste a single moment? Every day is a gift, after all.”
Dean pulls back a bit so he can look into Cas’s eyes. Still so beautiful. He looks down at his lips for just a second, wondering if he’d actually have it in him. He moves in closer, trying to read if he’s made the right call, and as soon as Cas’s eyes fall shut, he knows that he has.
“So,” Dean started, spinning a clump of noodles on his fork, “did you always want to be a mad plant scientist?”
He tried to get a summer job, but that didn’t happen because the two places that called him back didn’t want to hire a new person for only a couple of months. He figured he could find something else to occupy his time. After all, almost anything would be better than his father yelling at him and his mother passive aggressively praying for him at the dinner table every night.
Dean picked it up and flipped through the empty pages. He wasn’t much of a crafter, but he could manage sticking some pictures in a book.
Around 7:30, the rest of the guest showed up. There was Garth, who Dean had met his freshman year in Tech club, Benny, who worked with him at the pool last summer, Meg and Kevin who worked at the movie theater, and Dorothy, who Charlie begged Dean to let come because she had a major crush on her and this was the perfect opportunity to get to know her better.
“I’ll tell you what, I think I can do it, just us two. If things get bad again, I promise you I’ll go see someone.”
It went on for what felt like forever. He needed to be empty. He needed to start over, clean slate. He couldn’t believe he fucked up so bad.
After Cas finished his Sophomore year of college, and had been on testosterone for one full year, he went home for summer vacation. It was bittersweet because he was excited to be done with school, but he wasn’t looking forward to being back home with his family. They liked to pretend that things hadn’t changed, and Cas tried to keep the peace, but constantly having to put on an act was taxing. He just wanted to be himself.
He could feel Cas’s breath, warm in the space between them. He was a conflicting mess of panic and desire. He focused on Cas’s chest, rising and falling with each labored breath. He felt dizzy and his hands were sweating. He had to make a move.
But here it’s different. There’s life, blooming all around from every corner and crevice. And it’s all thanks to Cas. He’s humble, and says it was a group effort, but Dean knows better. He’s made discoveries and creations that have helped all kinds of species on several planets, and if that’s not a genius, Dean doesn’t know what is.
“I do.” Cas takes Dean’s hand and holds it between his. “And I’m going to be selfish for just a moment, and say that I would be heartbroken to live in a world that you aren’t a part of.”
Whenever the negative thoughts started to make their way into Dean’s head, he called up Cas or texted Sam or took a walk. Something to distract himself until the thoughts went away.
“If nothing else wakes you up, maybe some deep-seated memory of Glee will. But I’m not gonna play the Glee version, because you know I hate it, so I’m trying to meet you halfway here.”
Dean lifted his gaze to meet Cas’s, and there it was; Their profound bond. Cas smiled and it warmed Dean’s heart.
Cas didn’t hear back, and his break was over, so he headed back to finish his shift. It was a blur of creamed corn and mashed potatoes until 3pm. He stayed an extra half hour to help clean up, then headed back home.
“We get it Dean, you want your boyfriend’s parents to like us, but do I really have to wear this? This isn’t me.” John held up a freshly ironed button up shirt.
Cas’s thoughts kept running wild. Wondering if Dean was ok. What was Michael making him do? Was he safe?
“Angel was a code name that me and Charlie made up because I didn’t want you to accidentally read my texts and see what we were talking about.”
He told himself, only get the burger, don’t get the fries. But he did. Once he saw the menu, he couldn’t hold back. When the waitress came to check on them, he asked for a slice of cherry pie, a side of onion rings, and a soda. If he was gonna go off the deep end, might as well go for the high dive.
At home, he has a photo album that his dad made, and in it there’s a picture of his mother, Mary, that he loves. She’s maybe 20 years old, and she’s standing on a wooden bridge, surrounded by little drops of purple. He didn’t know what the flowers were called, but when he asked Cas if they were the same flowers that were growing in the dome, he said yes.
Cas joined him on the ground, too drunk to care that the ground was sticky and covered in spilled alcohol.
Cas knew it wasn’t his fault, but he hated the idea that the man he loved could be suffering, and there was nothing he could do about it.
Dean tries to hold it together, but the pain creeps up his throat, his vision blurs and his eyes start to pour. Cas pulls him into a hug, and holds him. He doesn’t know if it’s what he needs right now, but it feels right. This man is falling apart before him, and all he wants to do is be the one who holds him together.
Dean knew he’d have the house to himself for most of the day, which usually was a good thing. However, this time around, it proved to be a catalyst for bad things. It didn’t take long for Dean to fuck up all the hard work he had put in.
Dean went over to the picnic table and poured Cas a cup of soda. He grabbed the bottle of whiskey and took a seat next to his friend. Cas eyed him as he poured the alcohol into his own cup.
“Uh, thanks.” Dean pulled away so he could introduce his friends. “Garth, this is Cas. Cas, this is Garth.”
Dean smiled, the very one Cas hoped would stay on his face forever, and just looked at Cas. He had a glint in his eye like he saw the rest of his life sitting before him. “You have no idea how long I’ve waited to do that.”
“You’re so tense, sweetheart. But don’t worry, I’m gonna work all the stress out of that beautiful body.” Cas said. It was meant to be sweet, Dean knew that, but his head twisted it.
Dean held his giant monkey and his pretzel in one hand, so he could hold Cas’s with the other. He led them over to the Ferris wheel, which was lit up with colorful, strobing lights. The line wasn’t too bad, and before they knew it, they were being seated.
Charlie was Dean’s longtime best friend. They had known each other since elementary school, where they cemented their friendship by seeing who could eat a bottle of glue the fastest. Dean won, then proceeded to throw up on his desk, so Charlie was probably the real winner there. They were practically attached at the hip ever since.
Mr. and Mrs. Novak got up and gave both their son, and their soon to be son-in-law, a big hug. They could not have been happier. After the year they all went through, to see their son smiling and in love was more than they could’ve hoped for.
Cas was sitting by himself, taking small sips from his red plastic cup. It only occurred to Dean in that moment that Cas had never met most of these people before, and he was not social enough to introduce himself.
Dean flushed the toilet and wiped his mouth on the hand towel near the sink. When he opened the door, he wasn’t prepared for what he saw. The pity he was trying to avoid and the utter heartache blanketed Cas’s face. He felt like someone had punched him in the gut.
“Now, when you inhale, you’re going to want to hold it in your lungs for a second, then let it out.”
The next thing he knew, he was sitting in a garden under the warm glow of the sun. He thought he was alone until he heard a familiar voice.
Castiel Novak was Dean’s best friend. He had moved into town at the beginning of their senior year, and they instantly clicked. They had English, gym, and lunch together. Dean took it upon himself to get him acquainted with both the school and the town. Much to Dean’s delight, Cas was impressed by the impala, stating that it was a lot cooler than his mom’s minivan. Which, to be fair, it absolutely was.
He had a feeling Sammy had picked up on things over the years. He’d joke with Dean about overcompensating, or about the idea of him having a relationship with Cas. Sam had never said anything negative toward him though, so maybe he would be okay with it.
They’re kissing while shooting stars fly through the night. It’s like they aren’t even on Earth anymore. Or maybe they are, but this is a much better timeline. Here, things don’t hurt, there’s no obligation to seal away all the parts of you that want to touch and be touched, the little selfish parts of you that think maybe you deserve love in a time of chaos.
“So dramatic.” Dean pulled out his phone and handed it to Cas. “You have two jobs today. GPS navigator and holder of snacks.” Dean set his bag of chips in Cas’s lap.
It was Dean’s turn to go, he was down by 2 points. If he wanted to jump into the lead he had to make this shot. He crouched down, eyeing the AstroTurf in front of him. He laid flat on his stomach, and angled the golf club in various directions, trying to plan the best trajectory for the ball.
"Not that I've read. We can check the archives but it'd probably take a while to find anything, assuming there even is anything documenting similar angelic phenomena."
Jasmine threw back her head, but the explosive column of black smoke he was expecting never came out. No, the only thing that left her throat was a bone-chilling laugh. She closed her mouth and wiped her eyes, leaving both Dean and Cas frozen in surprise.
"I—" Cas stopped, then shook his head. Dean's heart fell straight through the floor and he turned back to the toilet, about to be sick again.
“So you share a house with your best friend and his brother, and are raising an infant in said home? They’re actually cool with the whole baby situation?” Castiel smiled as though amused, lightly bouncing Jack up and down on his knee.
Erin grumbled to herself as she pulled into the parking lot, internal monologue a string of disgruntled swears and curses, and walked behind the counter already feeling irrationally on edge. She sighed; today was just gonna be one of those days.
Now that was a depressing thought. Imagine having so few people to talk to that you’re forced to resort to conversing with the cashier at Starbucks.
Another short hum interrupted Dean’s thoughts, echoing slightly against the walls of the dungeon. Self-destructive impulses pushed aside for the time being, he looked down from the ceiling and froze, shoulders tensing immediately.
"Yes. I always come back," Cas says, and the words are bursting with pride, with sincerity. He's pinning Dean with his eyes and there's no mistaking the look in them as anything other than love. "This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith."
Sam shrugged. Jack stared at Cas sadly, frustration and anxiety evident in his eyes. Dean ached for Jack; it would really suck to lose your dad, but it would really,
“Great. You know the Antichrist exists, whoop-dee-fuckin-doo. What d’ya want, a gold star?” Dean really hoped he wasn’t coming off as scared as he actually felt. His heart hammered against his ribcage, threatening to blow his already flimsy front of disinterested calm.
Jack smiled. “No worries. I probably should get to bed though.” He reached out towards Cas, grabbing his hand and giving it a gentle squeeze. “G’night, Cas. You too, Dean.”
"Mm, Dee, no. No no no, Dee," he stuttered into Dean's ear as he turned his face away, like a child stubbornly refusing to eat their peas and carrots. Rowena dropped her hand in shock.
"Sure thing, hon." The waitress flashed him a smile in return before facing Dean. "And you, darlin?"
“Another example—Sam. Everything he’s ever done for Sam is because they’re family, and family to Dean means loyalty, sacrifice, playing the role of big brother. It’s been his job since he was four years old—‘protect Sammy, at any cost.’ He loves Sam, of course, but he didn’t choose to love him. He never
Two round blue eyes simply blinked at him. Cas made a little trilling noise, lilting as though he was trying to ask a question. He had yet to actually speak, but he seemed to attempt communication through his odd chirps and hums. He was also incredibly tactile; he hadn't let go of Dean since he carried him out of the dungeon.
Oh yeah, because those are definitely normal thoughts for someone to have on the daily. Erin doesn't know why she's surprised anymore.
"Okay, seems I'm all set. Goodbye, boys. Do try and stay out of trouble, I can't keep cleaning up all of your messes for you," she said, smirking. She started to ascend the bunker stairs, one heel clacking on the first step when Cas bolted from Dean's side and tugged on the back of her dress. Her expression was both puzzled and mildly amused as she turned around and looked down at Cas, holding the purple shimmery fabric of her skirt. He fiddled with it for a second before leaning forward and hugging Rowena, much to her surprise.
"Yeah, actually. Weirdly enough I was reading through some old archives the other day and I found some 'angel 101' type documents, recorded decades ago by the Men of Letters. A lot of random information, more interesting than useful to be honest, but there was a section on angel habits. From what I remember off the top of my head, angels only make nests when they feel totally secure so it's kind of a big deal. I think feathers are normally the main material the nest consists of, but fundamentally it just has to be stuff the angel associates with safety, comfort, love, things in that ballpark. It's something they're very proud of, and it's important that other angels are impressed by it. Also, I think angels can ask another angel to share their nest by offering a feather or something like that, but it's pretty rare. They'll only do that if they have a really special connection, and apparently getting rejected is super devastating so the risk is a bit of a deterrent. There might've been more, but that's about all I can remember."
“Do—” She swallowed, unsure if this was the right thing to ask. “Do you want to take him? I-I think he wants you.” Erin wanted to say he
"If you don't mind, that'd be nice, actually. It's just on the nightstand in my room, next to the bed."
“Yes. Orion the Hunter. I built that one as well. At his feet lies the star Rigel, and marking his shoulder is Betelgeuse, the red giant.”
Every inch of his skin was hot to the touch, radiating heat like metal in the sun. It honestly hurt a little to keep holding him but Dean pushed through it, letting himself be smothered for Cas’s sake. They had both become drenched in sweat, Cas basically dripping wet with it.
"You know, one of my only friends was originally a fierce enemy of Dean's. She was my enemy too, but when Dean left…" He trailed off. "When he left, she ended up being the only one really there for me. My only friend. She'd pretend we weren't, of course, but I knew she liked me. She took care of me when no one else would," he said fondly. There was a heavy kind of sadness in his face when Cas smiled.
Cas reached his hand out, tiny palm resting on Dean's cheek. The action was so reminiscent of the way his Cas would touch him, extending two fingers and healing him, always so gently. His chest ached. Cas chirped again, this time a little sad. His lip jutted out in a pout.
Dean worked the next few minutes in silence. The air remained heavy with the weight of unspoken apologies and a sense of grief.
also this definitely won't be the last fic in this verse so if u are interested in more u can subscribe to the series!! i have a one chapter date night fic partially drafted and a short lil dean pov introspective half written but if yall have anything specific u would like to see lmk i am always open to suggestion!!
She shook her head in mock disappointment, kicking the small metal lighter she'd tossed to the ground before walking the outer edge of the circle.
“M’kay, one second.” Cas took one last look at his little nest of towels, smoothing them back down before bouncing off the bed and joining Dean. His wings trailed the ground as he followed him out of the room. Dean paused in the doorway and reached up towards the lightswitch, flicking them off before closing the door behind him.
to have you stay." His voice was scratchy, quiet, hoarse. "And you shouldn't have ever needed to look for somewhere to stay in the first place. That's on me. I'm never gonna forgive myself for that, God, that was so fucked up. I shoulda never let you leave, I never wanted you to leave, and I still just let you go. What kind of friend… " he trailed off. Swallowed. "God, you had
"Dean? You good?" A second later, Sam’s head appeared in the doorway, looking worried and slightly alarmed.
Like Erin predicted, there weren’t any customers for the first half hour or so. She had been standing at the register, deep in her daydream of committing arson and burning the building down, when she heard someone parking outside. Erin looked up and caught a glimpse of a trenchcoat through the glass doors.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. Whatever you need, I'm here for you, okay?" She shifted back and grabbed his upper arms, lowering her head until he was forced to look her in the eyes. For some unfathomable reason, this elicited a sad, humorless, maybe slightly unhinged laugh from Cas. Yeah, not at all the kinda reaction Erin would expect from him right now.
Cas continued to vibrate in Dean's hold, but the lights had stopped flashing and the only high-pitched noise was coming from the angel, still squeaking. His eyes were insanely wide and just barely glowing, and his wings were still spread wide, twitchy and rigid. Dean felt slightly as though he was handling a nuclear weapon, unstable and sensitive.
After a few more minutes of flailing and struggling, Cas gave up, slumping back against Dean. His wings flared out to the sides, draping themselves over the walls of the tub, feathers trailing on the now slippery floor. Dean let out a tiny exhale of relief.
“I—me too, Cas,” he stammers, blinking furiously. He can’t stop looking at Cas’s face, how utterly radiant he looks with that soft little smile of his, and he’s suddenly hit with the urge to kiss it away. He blinks.
“Are you serious? I would freaking love that.” A sudden thought popped into her head. “Hey, why don’t you ask Dean to move with you guys? Not that I don’t want to babysit or anything, but it sounds to me like he’d say yes.” Castiel looked stricken for a moment, and Erin wondered belatedly if she’d overstepped her bounds.
Despite being able to sit next to Dean, Cas continued to squirm uncomfortably in the backseat. His wings were flared out behind Dean and Jack, protecting them from some invisible enemy. "Hey." Dean squeezed his hand. "We're okay, buddy. You can calm down." Cas just chirped nervously, squeezing back and softly headbutting Jack's arm.
“No… no, please,” Cas moaned, eyebrows scrunched together. As he twisted and turned, the light from the bedside lamp caught his face, illuminating the tear tracks glistening down his cheeks. Dean’s heart began beating faster.
"Oh, you thought this was just for fun?" Jasmine giggled to herself. "No, this is all for your boyfriend."
“Sorry, baby, I know it hurts,” he said quietly, taking a break to stroke through Cas’s hair. He could hear him trying to measure his breathing, both hands tightly clenched around the covers. God, this sucked.
"His grace is healthy in the sense that it's all there and it's at full power. Now, typically life forces are a whole, concentrated thing. Souls, grace, they're essentially just a cohesive mass of energy. But our dear Castiel's grace has been shattered, and it's spread thin through his entire being rather than being held together in a central unit." She paused and looked at Cas, who had cried himself to exhaustion and was now sleeping on Dean.
"Yeah, okay. You're right, this is important. I just," Dean sucked in a breath. "I just need a second." He looked down at Cas; he had one wing stretched out in front of Jack, who had been petting it absentmindedly. The other was wrapped around Dean like a sleeve, sending electric tingles through his shoulder and down his arms. Cas had snuggled face-first against his chest, totally using him as a pillow, still intermittently humming and saying his name.
If he tried hard enough he could hear Cas saying it in his head, voice low and gravelly and used for more than bird noises.
Guilt churned in her gut; Castiel definitely looked awake now but like, in the worst possible way. All the color had drained from his face, eyes wide like he'd just been slapped.
“Yeah, he finally cooled down, stopped sweating and shaking too. Still don’t know why it happened but I’m glad it seems to be over, at least for the moment.” Dean frowned. “He’s somehow become afraid of the dark, though. I don’t know why, but when I tried to turn off the lights he freaked. He even said ‘no,’ which is now the only thing he’s said besides my name.”
leaving you behind again, you hear me? You can't make me." Dean clenched and unclenched his fists, digging little crescent moons into his palms. Honest to God, he was mere seconds away from screaming
A quick Google search later, he came across an article about how the museum actually used to be a shoe warehouse, but it shut down after a worker committed suicide by jumping from the top of the ten-story chute winding down through the heart of the building. Bingo—place and method of suicide checked out, and Dean figured it was worth a shot. He basically had this case in the bag before even leaving Kansas.
” Apparently, Jack found Erin’s garbled rendition of Simon & Garfunkel soothing because he quickly settled back down and went quiet. “
Erin broke the silence, speaking quietly. "I'm sorry, Castiel. I'm really, really sorry." She wasn't sure if she was apologizing for the cold drinks or her intrusive questions or Castiel's situation with Dean. Maybe all three.
Before either Jasmine or Dean could react, Cas stepped through the barrier of flames and thrust his blade into the demon's stomach. The familiar
Dean snorted. There was nothing 'wee' about how much pain Cas had been in, how violently he'd struggled in Dean's arms, how gut-wrenching his screams were. "Yeah, whatever. Do what you have to. You're on a short leash though, real fucking short. If Cas so much as winces, I swear—"
“Dammit,” Dean cursed, feeling increasingly desperate. Finally, he just totally gave in and scooped Cas up into his lap, towels and all. The noise was so much worse with him closer, but Dean took a deep breath and tuned it out. "Cas, sweetheart, calm down," he soothed, pressing Cas's face to his shoulder, cradling the back of his head. That seemed to have always worked in the past. "Shh, it’s okay. It’s okay.”
Dean let them adjust for a minute before reaching over Cas’s shoulder, pulling up on the shower diverter. A second later, freezing water began spraying from the shower head. Both of them flinched at the chilly assault; Cas reacting with a startled trill, while Dean just grit his teeth and drew Cas a little closer, making him sit back against his chest. Dean could feel the soaking cloth of his shirt sticking to him, keeping his skin unnecessarily uncomfortable.
Cas shrieked. Suddenly, some invisible force flung Dean back onto the bed, where Cas scrabbled to get back to the safety of his body.
Erin's jaw went slack as she looked at Cas, feeling some combination of impressed and slightly afraid. "Dude, what the
He shrugged. “I suppose. Dean and I have somewhat of a ‘messy’”—yes, he really made quotation marks here with his fingers—“past. Many circumstances have been… less than ideal, and we’ve hurt each other a lot. We’ve both made a great deal of mistakes, though admittedly I think I’ve been responsible for the majority of them, as well as committing worse transgressions.” At this, Castiel looked at the floor and frowned, shame practically radiating from his body. Yikes. This guy has
Cas leans down and kisses the top of Dean’s head, happy that at least for now, he can watch over him. Keep him safe. Make him feel at peace. If his wish comes true, he’d get to do this everyday, but Cas isn’t sure if a re-creation of a shooting star will still grant your wishes.
John lowered his arm, a look of pure repulsion settled into his face. Dean had never seen him this angry.
She prepared an entire turkey, a ham, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, a green bean casserole, stuffing, fresh cranberry sauce, squash, and dinner rolls.
Dean doesn’t want the kiss to end, because he fears once it does, the magic he’s feeling will disappear. Reality will sneak back in, seep into his veins, and he’ll remember that he has other duties to attend to. That being wrapped in the shelter of another man’s arms is not a chapter in the book of his life.
Cas should’ve seen it coming, but he was naive and was surprised to find himself suddenly wrapped in Garth’s arms.
“Unbelievable.” Dean put the car in drive and headed back on the road. “You owe me a jumbo pretzel when we get there.”
Dean was getting desperate. His college move in date was in three days, and he wasn’t able to devote any of his attention to packing or getting school supplies. He considered calling the school and asking if he could start in the Spring instead, but after a conversation with Anael, he decided against it. She said that Cas would want him to go. He wouldn’t want Dean to put his life on hold for him.
Cas snuck down to the “Man Cave,” wrapped up in the blanket he borrowed. It smelled faintly of Dean, and it brought Cas a sense of comfort. It wasn’t as good as a hug, but it was close enough that if he closed his eyes, it felt real. He sat in one of the recliners and queued up one of the many Westerns that Dean insisted they watch. It was nice to have something fill the silence.
Cas was hesitant, never having played the game before. He had seen others play, but theory was different than practice. Then Cas saw the excited glint in Dean’s eyes and decided to go for it. Worse case scenario- he got drunk with his best friend.
“Oh, I’m sorry, were you talking to me? Because I was under the impression that you no longer thought I existed.”
Dean grabbed a small bottle from the first aid kit, motioning for Cas to come sit back in the chair. Dean knelt down, carefully rolling Cas’s sleeve so it sat at the top of his shoulder. He cradled his arm gently in one hand, Cas’s skin still warm from the shower, and with the other rubbed the soothing cream into his friend’s skin. Dean’s hands were shaking, and he hoped Cas wouldn’t notice.
Dean instantly stilled. He looked up at Cas, then at all the people who were staring at him, and the embarrassment set in. If there was a snake, he’d be justified for freaking out, but now he was just a wet boy in a moat. Things were only made worse by the manager coming over with security to drag him from the water.
Cas thought about the first time Dean had made him watch it. He had the biggest smile on his face, talking about the cowboys and the duels. Cas couldn’t remember the last time he saw Dean that happy. Genuinely happy. Perhaps when Cas came back from the empty and Dean dressed them up like cowboys out in Dodge, but that was probably just wishful thinking.
“You know, the mysterious brooding type. Dark past with a sensitive side. All the chicks dig that.” Dean lowered his gaze, shooting Cas the best smoldering look he could muster.
The sound of it’s legs scraping the floor seemed to scream through the intimate quiet of the moment.
Dean never got to know that woman, the one who seemed so happy in a world that hadn’t fallen apart, but being near the flowers makes him feel connected to her.
“I know you’ve got a lot of weight on your shoulders, but you got this, big guy.” Charlie playfully punched his shoulder as Mrs. Novak opened the door and invited them in.
Fast forward to Dean standing in his kitchen, drinking another shot, trying to drown the memory of pain. He had done so well over the years; insisting that he doesn’t swing that way, flirting with the hottest girls in the area, denying that he felt anything for members of the same gender. It was all about the women. Girls, girls, girls, 24/7. He was a man’s man, despite what the phrase might imply.
It also helped that John had entered rehab a month back. The realization that Dean was gone hit him pretty hard, and he went on a bender, then woke up in jail, completely unaware that he shoplifted several bottles of alcohol from a liquor store. He didn’t remember anything.
When he got there, he found Cas sitting on his bed, wearing his t-shirt and sweatpants. Damn. He really didn’t think this through. Put the boy you have a crush on in your clothes. Perfect plan.
When he set the cake down in front of Jack and lifted the lid, he didn’t know what his reaction would be. He waited, trying to hide his pride just in case Jack hated it, but as soon as Jack saw it, he smiled, and that made Dean’s heart swell. Jack loved it.
He tried to come to terms with this. Tried to accept it. But the more it raced around his head, the more he realized that everything he touched got ruined. Sam would be better off without him. He always has been. He took down the British Men Of Letters without his help, just imagine the good he could do without his worthless brother holding him back.
“Dude, are you like some kind of baseball superman?” Dean asked, completely amazed that Cas was even able to hit one of the clowns.
Looking down, Dean finally understood. “Oh shit!” He jumped out of the bed, wrapping the blanket around his waist. He looked down again, pulling the blanket away from his body, just to see if he was hallucinating. He wasn’t. “Oh my god, this is bad. This is so, so, very bad.”
Cas could tell Dean was nervous. If they switched places, Cas probably would’ve jumped out the window and sprinted off into the woods so he could begin his life as a lonely hermit, too ashamed to show his face in modern society.
DW: I know you’re mad at me, but I’m really, really sorry. If you need some you time, I understand, but I have a surprise for you. I tried stopping by, but your sister said you weren’t home. Please message me when you can.
It had been a couple of days since Cas’s death and Dean still hadn’t accepted it. He and Sam salted and burned the body, which was draining for both of them, to say the least. They already lost the closest thing they ever had to a father, and yet again they found themselves in front of the familiar flame, saying a final farewell to their best friend. Dean kept the trench coat. It was wrapped around one of his flannels in the back of his closet.
“No.” Cas was sure his eyes were ridiculously wide. On what planet would he assume that? Dean didn’t talk much about his sexuality, but Cas never would’ve figured he’d be his type. Not that he was complaining.
He peeled a bunch of pieces of tape and stuck them to his fingers so they were ready to go when he wanted to hang up another bee. He put them all over the room so it looked like they were in the center of a hive. Or maybe an open field, because that’s less confining. He took a moment to sing the line “I’ve got so much honey, the bees envy me,” to Cas. It was true. All the little bees in the room were probably extremely envious of what the two of them shared. It didn’t matter that they weren’t real, Dean made them, so he got to dictate their emotions.
To be honest, Dean had forgotten about the meeting. He wasn’t at his best, and he knew he probably should eat something, but he couldn’t bring himself to do so. This was punishment for Sunday. He drank down the coffee Benny brought him, it was black and piping hot, hoping that would stifle his cravings.
“You told me you need a job and you need money. What if I could get you a job at the Biodome? Would you consider that?”
Bobby opened the fridge and pulled out a glass pan, setting it in front of Dean. It was Bobby’s attempt at making a birthday cake. He found an old recipe that his wife used to make and gave it his best shot. It was lopsided, the frosting was patchy, it looked burnt on the edges, and it said “Happy Birthday Dean” in scraggly letters. Sam said he wrote it because between him and Bobby, he had the neater handwriting. Not by much.
“Where would you like to be? Anywhere in the world, just name it,” Cas said taking back the phone and opening up the search tab.
This time the butterflies flew in Cas’s stomach as Dean leaned in, the warmth of his breath and the smoke- a gentle caress as he inhaled. He closed his eyes again, thoughts racing with ideas he wished could be tangible.
It was still pretty warm when they arrived at the golf course. Despite Cas’s objections, Dean insisted on wearing a leather jacket.
“Sweetie, I know you want everything to go just right, but getting yourself worked up isn’t going to help. Just take a moment, refocus your energy, and remember what today is about. Being with loved ones, and giving thanks for what we have.”
Cas entertained himself by patting the top of Jack's head, using him like a drum. His wings twitched along to the rhythm, the movement causing the slits in his shirt to widen even more. Jack started bouncing slightly as well, then suddenly turned his attention from the pan to Dean. "Hey, can you play some music?"
Castiel nodded and grabbed his drinks. “Again, I apologize for keeping you late. Have a good night, Erin.” He turned and left the building, leaving Erin standing alone at the register, not totally sure what just happened. As she began locking up for the night, she got the sudden impression that he wasn't thanking her for the drinks. Erin left and drove home, spending the entire ride thinking about Castiel.
“Well, it won’t matter either way because I’ll find him. I can sense his Grace, all I have to do is follow its trace and it should lead me right to him.” How Jack managed to sound so calm and confident was beyond Dean. He made it sound so simple, like Cas couldn’t be thousands of miles away, on the other side of the planet, possibly in danger, all by himself. Dean shuddered.
"Shh, Jack. It's okay, baby, you're okay." Erin could hear Cas's voice carrying from the other room, low and gentle. The door had been left partway open, and she saw his shadow stretching on the floor, distorting the silhouette of him and Jack.
” she finished, placing the baby on his blanket as gingerly as possible. Jack squirmed for a moment but didn’t wake back up, and Erin left the room with a huge sigh of relief. Holy hell, that felt much harder than it should've been.
skin, fitting itself to the body forming right in front of him. Shadows mold into features and the last thing to come together are his eyes, blank and milky white until those electric blue wisps of a star dissolve into his face, absorbed into his skin, flashing as they concentrate into irises.
She silently slipped out from under the blanket, not wanting to disturb what felt like a very private and fragile moment. Half of her wanted to go in and tackle Cas with a hug, but she figured that probably wouldn't go over too well right now, so she opted for the bathroom instead. She spent a few minutes using the toilet and washing her face, still feeling pretty gross when she walked back out but unable to really do anything else about it.
) because no one gets to just fundamentally change Dean and not face the consequences. It's not fucking fair.
"But he still sees me as good, pure. He—he thought my soul was the brightest, most beautiful thing he'd ever seen, even in
Sam's head turned back and forth between the two of them, eyebrows dangerously close to his hairline.
really fucking did it. Dean's breath audibly caught in his throat and he closed his eyes, not sure if he'd be able to look at Cas's stupidly adorable and earnest expression without absolutely losing his shit. God, he really was turning into a sap.
"After it's all been said and done, it has always come back to Dean. And I just don't know if he's ever actually realized that." Cas exhaled deeply, then abruptly stopped and looked at Erin, as though remembering for the first time that he wasn't just talking to himself.
"There's really nothing you can do?" Dean whispered, voice breaking just a little. Rowena simply rolled her eyes and sighed dramatically.
Dean didn't notice the tears streaming down his face until he felt a tiny thumb swiping under his eyes, catching the drops before they fell. Cas stood in front of him, Dean still on his knees, and he was reminded just for a second of Stull. Feeling utterly broken, kneeling by the ground that had swallowed Sam up and dragged him into the Pit. Cas reappearing, healing his face and maybe his heart a little bit too. Looking up in wonder and awe, asking,
Wow. Erin had thought their conversation that one miserably early morning was as bad as it could get, but
They sat there in the quiet of the cafe, both watching the rise and fall of Jack’s chest. Neither of them spoke but the silence didn’t feel awkward, just… thick. Like the weight of each word was settling in the air, filling previously empty space.
"It shouldn't hurt this time, but it's probably a good idea that you keep holding him, just in case," Rowena warned, reaching out with her palm. Dean wanted to roll his eyes; there wasn't a chance in hell he was letting Cas go right now, regardless of anything Rowena could've said or done. Cas eyed her hand warily, flinching away as it got closer.
“I just don’t understand, and I don’t know what to do,” he said, very quietly. He looked Erin in the eyes for the first time the whole conversation. “I’m sorry for rambling. I’m sure none of this makes any sense and—”
“M’kay. Just for you,” Cas whispered, voice hoarse. He closed his eyes, let the weight of his head rest in Dean’s hands. Dean used his thumb to swipe away a stray tear hiding underneath Cas’s bottom lashes.
Dean looked to Sam and Jack for confirmation before turning back to Rowena. "Yeah, I think we're good here. We'll help you get your stuff together."
“C’mon, Dean. You don’t need to front with me. I know this isn’t what you really want for yourself.”
Dean passed the time by going into full deep-cleaning mode. He scrubbed the floors, did the dishes, swept the kitchen—anything to occupy his hands and mind. Not a single surface had been spared by the time Jack finally came back, Cas at his side.
“Why would I go anywhere else? I rebelled against Heaven for you, Dean. Surely you must know by now how much I love you. All I want is a place in your life where I can continue to express that.”
that noise. He has no idea what the hell kinda game the Empty is trying to play, but he’s not in the mood. "Shut
“Dean.” Something rests on Dean’s shoulder, and he shudders before he turns around, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. Ugh. He wants to die. He could quite literally die right here and now and be absolutely fine with it.
“Cas,” Dean growls, and the ferocity in his voice surprises the both of them. “Okay, maybe you let some demons topside again. Maybe the angels will never forgive you. Maybe you’re some freak hybrid celestial abomination. So what?”
Remembering how upset Cas had been when he didn't immediately take the shirt offering, Dean realized Cas had probably been asking him to share his nest. His heart sank; no wonder Cas acted so devastated and scared. He didn't want to be rejected.
"Thanks, sweetheart," he managed to choke out, to which Cas replied by trilling fondly and nuzzling his collarbone.
"Oh c'mon, tell me I'm wrong." She waited, smirking when Cas remained silent. "Seriously though, this isn't your fault. You can't blame yourself for things outside of your control, and you
Rowena laughed and stuck out her own pinky. "Alright, dear. Pinky promise." She looked to Sam and Dean.
“I’m sorry, I swear I wasn't trying to be offensive, I know it’s disrespectful to not use your full name but it’s been a really long day and I didn’t want to ask how you spelled it and—"
"And you got out and I stayed behind for—for penance, but then I got taken out too. By the angel who—who hurt me, in the chair." His voice began wavering, fragile and wet. "She—she poked things in my head, to make me forget. Tried to make me forget you, but she couldn't 'cuz I love you too much. But she m-made me kill you, made me kill you so many times—"
There’s a quiet groan from the backseat, and Dean sneaks a glance in the rearview mirror. Cas appears to be slowly blinking awake, pushing himself upright with shaky arms.
"Morning, Sammy. Thanks for the heads up," Dean grumbled, "really fuckin' appreciate it." Cas stirred lightly against his chest, wings fluttering out to the sides as he chirped sleepily. He twitched and bunched up a handful of Dean's t-shirt in his grasp, trying to hold it close like a blanket.
might be able to forget that but I can’t. I won’t.” He kept his face stony and hard as he walked past Cas, stopping to yank his jacket off a hook in the kitchen along with the keys.
“Yeah, I can tell,” Erin replied, somewhat absentmindedly. Her eyes were still glued to the hulking structure before her, trying to take in the absurdity of the situation without losing her mind.
Everything had been intense as fuck, but Hell stripped Dean raw. He could relive every fucking moment he spent down there in perfect clarity, forty years of unimaginable suffering burned into his memory,
"Alright, I believe you, but if nothing's wrong, then why…" Dean trailed off, not really sure how to describe Cas's behavior, "this?" Not his most coherent sentence, but he figured Cas would get what he was trying to say.
Dean swallowed and shook his head. There was a phantom tingle where the handprint used to be. "You think he actually remembers me?"
"Okay, I'll be back soon. Thank you, Erin. I know you'll take good care of him." And with that, Cas was gone.
“Yeah, sunshine.” He slowly walked them back to the bed, setting Cas down in his little circle of towels. He still wouldn’t let go of Dean. “We were taking a nap, remember? You just had a bad dream.”
Dean had carefully lifted Cas's face from his soggy shirt and adjusted him so his head rested on Dean's shoulder, pillowed by his flannel. Cas's wings were relaxed and drooping, and Dean fought the urge to pet them by gently running his fingers through Cas's hair instead.
"Yeah yeah, don't let it go to your head, ya dork. Speaking of Jack, are you gonna show me the listing you found or what?"
“Maybe it’s my fault. He has no faith, no faith in me. Which I can’t really blame him for. I wouldn’t have faith in me either, especially given the state I’m in now. Maybe I can’t even save him anymore, not strong enough, useless. I know I’m useless to him. But I try! I try so hard to make Dean understand, to make him see how good he is. I know him, flaws and all, every inch of his being. I know all of him, and I love all of him.” Castiel stopped, taking a deep breath.
"I—I don't know," Dean choked out, face tilted down, too guilty to look at the kid. "He got upset and just… poofed out. Can—" He swallowed. "Can you find him?"
“I don’t know. One second I was obliterated, and the next I was standing behind you, the last remnants of my Grace bursting at my fingertips. It’s all gone now.” Dean’s chest burns with shame, knowing the last thing Cas did before passing out was heal him.
"Alright." He threw out a few more directions as Erin kept driving, taking her through parts of Lebanon she didn’t even realize existed. Eventually they pulled into a pretty secluded area, and sure enough, there was a massive concrete bunker waiting in the distance. She rolled up slowly, stopping in front of a small entrance built into the side of the hill along the driveway.
"Great! Let's get started," Dean said, happy to finally get some pancakes on the stove. Handing the cup of batter to Jack, he maneuvered his shoulders until he was standing in front of the pan. "Alright, make two or three small piles of batter. Don't overdo it, they expand in the pan, so make sure they each have plenty of space." Jack nodded and meticulously began to pour, the pan sizzling as batter landed on the hot surface.
happened with Jack. He took his baby food like a champ—not a single dribble on his bib, no spoons whacked against the table, catapulting mush into Erin’s hair, no high-pitched giggle fits. Erin had never seen him like that before, and the drastic deviation from his normal, happy baby behavior to something so wholly apathetic was almost nauseating.
Cas stepped into view right as Jasmine stepped out of the shadows she'd been lurking in, blocking his line of sight with Dean. Both of them were obscured by another metal column, placed in what must've quite literally been the most inconvenient spot for Dean in the entire warehouse.
“Dude, since when do you have a baby?” Castiel had him in a carrier, tiny feet kicking lightly against the safety buckles. The baby’s eyes were closed, a thumb hanging out of his mouth while his other hand gripped a little stuffed bee tight to his chest. Erin thought she was going to melt.
Something sinks in Dean’s stomach. “Oh,” he whispers, the horror of it beginning to sink in. “That—that was you.”
Nothing had ever felt as long and draining as that stupid walk to his room did. It was like each step was weighed down with a cinder block tied to Dean's ankle, making it impossibly slow and unreasonably difficult. Dean was about ready to collapse himself by the time they finally reached his room. He gently eased Cas onto the bed, trying not to flinch with every gasp and whine.
Like a reflex, Cas scooted forward and threw his arms around Jack; he hated to see him cry, it was even worse than just crying himself. He spread his wings up and to the side, protecting them both from the onslaught of flurried snow. “I’m sorry, Jack, I’m sorry,” he said, his own high-pitched voice shaky now. “I don’t wanna leave you, I won’t, I promise. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said what I did earlier. I’m not gonna leave, I love you too.”
After a few seconds of no answer, Cas lifted his face from his palms, and turned his head to give Erin a look that very much said
sticking your filthy noses in everyone's business, but for awhile now it’s been radio silence.” Dean responded with a nonchalant shrug.
"I've just been thinking a lot these past few days. About Dean and I, as a couple. Our living situation. He's told me this is what he wants, but I can't help feeling like there's something off." Cas kept his gaze focused on the pile of laundry in his lap, adding to the stack of folded clothes.
"Hey, Cas?" she called out, walking the plates of food out of the kitchen and over to Jack's room, which had gotten much quieter. She knocked on the wooden doorframe before peeking her head in.
"Again, just a theory, but I think his angelic memories are too much for him to process with the mind of a child. It'd explain why he's gone nonverbal and reverted to what appear to be angelic instincts. But he doesn't need his memory to know you. Castiel could recognize you anywhere. You're probably the only thing familiar to him at the moment, hence the lad's extreme attachment issues."
"Dude, you gotta let me go flip the light off. I'll be right back." Cas held the hem of his shirt tightly, looking at Dean as he opened and closed his mouth, like he was trying to say something but couldn't.
There was a squeeze around his fingers, and Dean looked down to see Cas squinting at him, head turned to the side.
"Make it easier to take when Dean tells me to go. He never asks me to stay, you know. He's only ever told me to leave. And I don’t remember everything but I remember that it hurts, every time, even though I should be used to it by now. I don’t wanna feel like that again."
"Of course, darling." She ruffled his hair and he giggled. "Now, be a good boy until the next time I see you, aye?" Cas looked up at her and nodded solemnly.
“Hey, Erin, can you make a left up here instead of a right? We gotta go to the bunker, get Cas patched up before we head home for real." She glanced at the rearview mirror and nodded at Dean, looking exhausted as he slumped in the backseat.
Weird, inconsistent chirping started coming from Cas as he leaned further into Dean. He felt unnaturally warm, feverish heat radiating off his small body, and Dean felt a wave of fear rise in his chest, roaring around his heart. “Dee,” he mumbled again, “Dee, Dee.”
“I can try,” Jack said. He fiddled with the hem of his shirt, body tense. “What were you guys talking about before he left? Did he say anything about places he might go?”
Cas frowned and tilted his head, turning to squint at Erin for a second before finally relaxing. “Alright. If you insist." He reached across the bed and picked up a shirt, folding it mechanically as he began to talk.
"You boys better take good care of him, otherwise I might take the wee angel for myself. Too precious for his own good, that one." Dean couldn't tell if she was joking or not, but he nodded anyway. With that, she finally left the bunker, leaving the brothers, Jack, and Cas to themselves.
"If the spell works, the changes should occur within the next few minutes. Until then, we'll just have to wait." Even though Rowena had already reassured Dean that nothing harmful would happen, he still felt his heart rate increase at the thought of Cas changing, all the possible things that could go wrong. He took a deep breath, trying to quell the churning in his stomach.
“I meant besides the obvious, dude.” Erin rolled her eyes. “You just looked kinda spaced out there for a second.”
“So, basically what you’re saying is he’s a grumpy intolerable little shit until he gets his daily caffeine fix?”
Dean bites his lip, trying to hide a smirk. He sinks back into the person he knows he has to present to the world. “Well, I can’t imagine you cooking, so I guess I’ll take you up on that offer. Just so I can see it for myself.”
“It’s part of the outfit, Cas. Besides, if you think I’m going to casually get out of a minivan in regular clothes, you don’t know me at all. People from school might be here. I have an image to maintain.”
Dean noticed that Cas only ate one of the pancakes and only a couple strips of bacon. There he was again, being everything Dean wished he could be, and doing it so effortlessly. It seemed unfair.
Dean took a moment to take in what his friend was saying. By no means was that ever his intention, he had just lost track of time.
“As a heart attack. Pinky promises are sacred, so, either you’re sincere in your apology or you’re not.” Cas pushed his hand toward Dean for emphasis.
At most, Sam would drop hints here and there, trying to let Dean know he would support him regardless of his decision and that he just wanted him to be happy. Being around Dean when he’s anywhere near Cas, you can tell, that’s when he’s the happiest.
The ride came to a halt, and the bars raised up. Cas was a little disappointed when Dean’s hand was no longer entwined with his, but he was proud of himself for actually going on the ride. He did it.
Cas doesn’t respond. Instead he scooches closer to Dean, setting the nearly empty bowl on the table.
What kind of question was that? Dean wasn’t supposed to come over, and they weren’t going out for food. Perhaps it was just a silly question for one of those personality tests. He texted back:
Dean steps closer, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist. He pulls him in close and rests his head on his shoulder. It’s intimate, and a risk Dean usually doesn’t take, but there’s something about Cas that makes him feel safe. Like it’s okay to let his guard down.
“You scared me, you know.” Cas said, sliding his hand over Dean’s, the pain obvious on his face, though he tried to hide it.
“Oh my god, make it stop!” Dean panics, sliding his hand all over the remote, trying to get the voice to shut up.
Dean laughed. “Yes, Castiel Novak, I’m asking you to be my husband.” He opened the box to reveal a gleaming silver band. “Will you marry me?”
Dean told him about the drunk driver that hit Cas, and how he didn’t want John to be that kind of person, and he also didn’t want to lose his father in such a tragic way. He wasn’t expecting John to listen, but it turned out, that was exactly the kick in the ass John needed to get his life in gear.
"Heya, Cas. Gotta wake up," Dean half-whispered, "Rowena's gonna help us out but you gotta be awake." Cas hummed unhappily but lifted his head, slowly blinking at Dean, eyelids still droopy. He rubbed his eyes and chirped before dropping his chin back onto Dean's shoulder.
did i make my ocs flirt for absolutely no reason other than im a shy lesbian and we deserve representation? perhaps 🙈 friendship ended w destiel sorry erin/jasmine is my new best friend now
The second Dean tried to pull themselves apart, Cas shrieked so loudly the mirror above the sink cracked, hairline fractures streaking diagonally across the glass. "Goddammit, Cas, we don't have time for this."
“I know you’re nervous, but Dean's not going to tell you to go, I promise. Don't you remember? How he's taken care of you these past couple of weeks? He wants you to stay. He's asking you now."
"He really is the cutest thing, isn't he," she simpered, to which Dean only responded to with a grunt. Cas twittered happily, as though enjoying the praise.
Dean breathes, happiness bubbling up inside his chest. It comes out as a laugh, and now they’re both shaking, Cas still crying while Dean tries not to giggle.
None of it, however, compared to the blinding pain between his shoulder blades. It was like someone had whipped twin stripes down his back, lashes hard enough to rip away the skin, leaving two searing lines of pure concentrated agony.
They move to the living room and get settled in on the couch. Cas pulls a remote from one of the drawers, but it doesn’t look like one that Dean has seen before. It has a sleek, black color, and is kind of shaped like a cuff bracelet. It’s weird because it doesn’t have any physical buttons.
“Look man,” Sam whispered, trying to keep the conversation out of earshot. “You’re my brother and I’m not going to tell you how to live your life but, do you ever think that maybe... you could have days like this all the time?”
“No. Well. Here’s the thing…” Dean pauses, letting out a sigh, “Last year, I applied to move to the Moon Colony, and the day you had asked me to come over was the same day I was told that I had been accepted.”
As she scrolled through the pictures, Dean cracked up. His personal favorite was the one where they swapped faces. Charlie had her tongue out and Dorothy was caught mid-laugh. Charlie had it set as her phone background.
A soft voice called from the other side of the room. Dean lifted his head, to see Cas, messy haired and sleepy, checking in on him.
“You’ve been coming here a lot,” Cas says, his tone non-judgemental, simply pointing out an observation. He swipes his badge on the key reader for the greenhouse door. It opens with a whoosh.
He cleaned his face, brushed his teeth and headed into his room. He opened the top drawer on the left and pulled out a small bundle of dress socks. Hidden inside was a small sheet of laxatives. Dean didn’t know if it would help or not, but he figured he’d have less food inside of him if he was forced to shit all of it out.
“What?” Dean asked, waiting for some kind of follow up explanation. He looked down, and noticed the crumpled up, and also empty, potato chip bag in Cas’s lap. “Did you eat my chips?”
Dean looks at him, a little caught off guard, but by no means is he complaining about it. He looks down and sees that Cas has his hand, palm facing up, resting in the narrow space between them. It’s tempting. Cas told him it would be okay. Why does he have to overthink everything?
Cas nodded, sparking the lighter and setting the already scorched leaves ablaze. He brought the bowl to his mouth and inhaled, the smoke burning his lungs. He tried to hold it, as Dean instructed, but he started coughing instead.
It had pretty much been that way since their mother died. John never really recovered, and instead took up drinking and working overtime to avoid dealing with reality. It turned into a never ending cycle. He’d feel bad about not being as present in his boys’ lives as he should be, he’d drink more, black out, and repeat.
It wasn’t for weeks later, after denial, demon deals, an un-returned call to God himself, and the inevitable fire, that Sam finally gained the courage to go into Dean’s room. He saw a folded-up note on the dresser, the word “Bitch” written on the front. The paper sat between his fingers like a whisper from the grave.
Dean continues through the app, making the outside appear to be a seaside getaway, a café near the Eiffel Tower, a sunset over the Taj Mahal. Dean can’t believe how realistic it is.
Something tugged at him, like a rope attached to his waist. Dean felt untethered, floating helplessly in this in-between dimension. Everything was so
"No, not really," Cas answered, back at Dean's side. "A couple killings in Montana that look like werewolf attacks, one death over in Iowa where all the blood was drained from the body, but that's about it. What about you?"
The mattress squeaked as Dean stood up, grunting a little under Cas’s weight. Not that he was heavy or anything, but Dean had gotten used to carrying a toddler around, and this Cas was substantially bigger. They stumbled across the room, Dean fumbling blindly for the light switch until he finally clipped it with the side of his hand. It was a good thing they hadn’t already been on when Cas blew out the lamp.
His head throbbed against his skull, his throat raw and dry. His skin felt fragile and oversensitive, every physical sensation beyond Dean’s touch making him want to scream, and there was an ache all the way down to the marrow of his bones, threatening to break him from the inside out.
"I don't know what makes you think you have the power in this situation, but you don't. I have your boy toy, and you're, like, Angel Lite right now. Diet Seraph. Running with less than a mile left in the tank, my guy. I can literally see your grace, your fucked up trueform, and it's
"It's beautiful," Dean said sincerely, "really beautiful, Cas." The angel visibly swelled, chirping fast and beaming with pride. He pushed the paper to Dean's chest, big eyes peering expectedly into his. "You want me to have it?"
hi omg i did not mean to take this long to update lol!! i've been on vacation n got caught up writing my other fic but here yall go sorry for the long wait <3
"Yup, I combined them in here.” Sam shook a small metal bowl, containing the mix of earthy powders. "They're ready to go when you are."
"Yeah, 'course.” He gave Dean a sympathetic look, mouthing the word ‘SORRY’ while Cas shook in his arms. Dean just grunted in response, watching Sam head towards the laundry room.
“His name is Jack. He’s a little over six months. He’s not biologically mine, but his birth father is… out of the picture, and his mother passed away in childbirth. Before she died, she made me promise I’d take care of him if something ever happened to her. Of course, I would’ve done it regardless of whether she asked or not. I knew I loved him as a son before he was even born.”
wouldn’t change a thing. Because it’s you, and he loves you, and he wants you, ‘all of you, flaws and all.’ His words, not mine. And you fucking treat him like this in return? You’re sick, Dean, a sick, fucking coward. Not only because you’re cruel, but because you’re a liar. I’ve seen the way you look at Cas. I remember how you acted when he was sick. You were only getting so pissed just now because you care about him. You’re possessive and jealous and afraid of being left so you fucking push him away before he even gets the chance.” She was yelling now, not caring about the late hour or the fact that Cas was right outside.
"I think I did a lot of bad things," he whispered, looking up at Dean with wide, scared eyes. "Dean, I—am I a bad person?"
A few seconds later Jack’s head popped out from around the corner. “Hey, Dean. What’s…” His voice trailed off when he saw Cas, eyes growing wide before flashing gold just for an instant.
Sam frowned across the table, taking another bite of his pizza and chewing thoughtfully. “Maybe this is a sign he’s getting better? If Rowena said all Cas needed to return to normal was time for his grace to heal, maybe he changes as his grace gradually fixes itself. The closer it gets to full recovery, the closer he gets to being normal. This might just be a step in the process. Regaining his power of speech could be indicative that he’s progressing.”
It took a moment of heart-stopping silence for him to respond, but Cas answered with a shaky “Dean? I—”, which was all he managed to get out before Dean started crying again, drawing him closer to his chest until he was basically suffocating the man.
“Cas—” The name escapes Dean’s throat before he even has the chance to think of what he wants to say, and Cas is turning his body to face Dean.
“I know I've said it before, and I know you know, but I love him so much. I'm so in love with him, Erin, it hurts. Every day I see Dean and my heart
A few beats passed. “You don’t need to apologize.” Another beat. “And you’re wrong. I value your opinion of me very highly.” Castiel finally turned to face Erin, wearing a shy smile. “Thank you, Erin. Your words mean a great deal to me and I feel lucky to know you as well. I look forward to our conversations every time I come into town.”
“That is probably the one thing I worry about the most. I hate to separate Dean and Jack. They’ve bonded so much already, and they’re good for each other. Jack brings out a side of Dean he doesn’t get to indulge often, and I think it’s healthy for Jack to develop early relationships with people other than me.”
vibrated against Dean's thigh, the glow of the phone screen shining through his pocket. He dug it out and opened the notification.
of it is. I shouldn't have left you at that hospital, we should've tried harder to help you. That's on me and Sam, but mostly me, and I'm sorry." He wiped his face with the back of his sleeve.
“It’s relaxing. Life has been a little chaotic lately.” Dean shifts his eyes to the ground, fiddling with a loose string on the hem of his shirt. He likes it here. It’s peaceful, and the air is so clean you don’t have to wear a mask inside. Of course you have to go through the decontamination room first, which kind of sucks, but Dean thinks it’s worth it.
“I hope you like this song. It’s one of my favorites. Dad used to blast it on road trips when we were little. Sam used to think one of the lyrics was “like an eagle dismembered,” and he would scream it at the top of his lungs, and Dad would laugh.” Dean sat in the chair next to Cas, and pulled the song up on his phone. “Anyway, maybe one day we can play it on a road trip of our own.”
Dean scooted over so he was sitting closer to Cas, and to anyone else it would’ve been obvious, but Cas was too nervous to pick up on subtext, and began rambling.
“I braved this terrible weather ‘cause I couldn’t stand the thought of not seeing you.” Dean placed his umbrella and coat in the corner. “Hope you’re ready to embrace that Hot Topic emo rage of the early 2000s! You can’t stay in a coma if you have to come out of your cage, and be doing just fine.”
He probably looked disgusting, shoveling so much food into his mouth. He could feel his stomach growing fuller, his pants tighter. Everything in him told him to stop. But that was the problem.
They were standing in the living room, Dean and Charlie in the back, with their animal print and cowboy hats, and there was Sam, dead center, face covered in green paint, his hair gelled into a Mohawk, his little body squeezed into a blue spandex suit. He didn’t really look like an alien, but he was happy, and that was all that mattered.
Charlie was right. Cas was a very understanding person, and it wasn’t like this was their first fight. They always found a way to kiss and make up, so to speak.
The list was 15 items, narrowed down from about 30 ideas, all of which held some promise of making memories.
He locked the door and dropped to his knees, confused as to how he could be feeling nauseated if he hadn’t eaten anything since he puked earlier. Then he remembered: the laxatives.
Their hands touch as they both reach into the bowl, and it makes Dean’s stomach flip, and wow, this is confusing. His cheeks are still flushed with embarrassment, and now he’s acting like a middle schooler because his hand brushed a cute guy’s hand. But screw it, he probably already made the biggest fool of himself possible, he might as well flirt.
The evening was going well, they got past the round where you have to hit the ball into a windmill, and the one where you have to get it into the clown’s mouth. Dean did the worst on the trick whole shot where you had to get the ball to go through a pipe system. Cas got a hole in one.
Once he opened that hatch, it stayed open. He gobbled down whatever he could get his hands on. Burgers, fries, milkshakes, cookies, pies, God how he loved pie, chips, steak, chicken wings, pizza by the box. He had no self control.
Cas sat down with a huff, slamming the door shut. “Sorry, your highness. There is going to be next to no cloud coverage today and I had to apply my sunblock. Unless, of course, you want me to get skin cancer and die?”
“No. I don’t think that’s necessary. I slipped up, did something stupid. It’s not going to happen again.” Dean knew he shouldn’t lie, but he didn’t want some stranger poking around his personal life. Besides, it wasn’t serious. He ate food like a normal person most of the time, and he wasn’t skin and bones.
Dean bites his lip, trying to figure out where to start. Trying to figure out how to tell Cas what’s been going on without seeming like the biggest asshole on Earth and without completely breaking his heart.
Cas was ready right when Dean pulled up to his house. Mrs. Novak waved to them through the screen door, telling them to be safe. She worried about them, maybe a little too much, but it was sweet that she cared. Cas handed Dean a piece of pie, wrapped in cellophane, with a sticky note that had a little heart drawn on it.
“You mean to tell me you’re willing to miss out on a guided tour of Dodge City so you can put $20 on pump 5?” Cas stared at Dean as he finished filling out his application.
“Not true!” Dean said, pointing his finger at the night stand. “We had a year old bottle of ginger ale and stale crackers, and if that ain’t a Winchester remedy, I don’t know what is.”
Dean walked Cas to the front door, promising to have his clothes washed and folded before he went into work the next day. Not that it did the jacket much good. Cas would probably have to buy a new one.
So he took a breath, and suddenly he was telling Dean all of his secrets. He told him about the deal, about how he knew the one thing he wanted was something he couldn't have, how Dean wasn’t an angry shell of a man, but a loving one.
Cas’s voice was a barely a whisper, but Dean knew it was a command. He listened an laid on his back on the bed, watching as Cas rolled up his sleeves.
“Oh, I have no doubt he will be, but if you think I’m driving all the way to Colorado with his Paul Bunyan ass cracking jokes the whole time, you’re sadly mistaken.”
“Look, I’m sorry that I ignored you. I’m sorry if I made you feel like I didn’t want to talk to you, or if I made you worry. I didn’t mean to. You’re my best friend, and I’ll do my best to make sure that it doesn’t happen again.”
He thought back to years ago, when he got like this. When he hated himself, and hated how much he was eating. He tried not to let himself go to that place, but the longer he sat there, the more inviting it seemed.
“Babe, I hope you’re hungry. I’m making chicken parm.” Cas scoops up a spoon full of tomato sauce and runs over to Dean. “You have to taste this. It’s amazing.”
Charlie agreed, plus she hadn’t gotten to see Dean in a while, so she was excited for them to hang out again.
Cas realizes he’s zoned out, daydreaming about the possibility that Dean might reciprocate his newly acknowledged feelings. “No, sorry. Can I take your plate?”
Cas could hear the heaving and flushing through the door. He knew Dean was not going to be okay, and that it was going to be a long night.
“My parents made me do little league for five years. I was pitcher,” Cas replied, knocking down the last clown he needed to win the mega prize. If only he stuck with baseball, he probably could’ve got a scholarship for it.
Maybe his body was rejecting them? Like when you drink too much and you puke cause your body is like “Whoa pal, WAY too much poison!”
“That would ruin the surprise now wouldn’t it?” Dean grinned, standing up to get the coffee. As he poured them both a cup, he couldn’t help but wonder if tonight would be the night.
There was nothing but dead air on the line. Dean could practically feel Cas rolling his eyes as he thought it over.
He hooked up with tons of girls in small towns all over the US. Endless one-night-stands that meant nothing. He pretended that they might grow into something more, but nonetheless, he’d hop in his car and drive off in the morning.
Suddenly, Cas’s hands were rubbing up and down Dean’s back, slick with the warm oil he fetched from the drawer.
“Actually yes.” Dean balanced the phone between his ear and shoulder so he could search the shelf. “Can you please make sure Cas is wearing an outfit he likes? I know he sometimes throws on whatever, but there’s going to be pictures, and I want him to look nice.”
Dean took a couple more sips, feeling the warmth slide down through him. Cas kissed him gently before leaving him to rest.
Cas walked back to his room, taking in the chaotic mess of blankets and pillows. He tidied everything up while he waited for Dean.
He tries to get his thoughts back on track, because he doesn’t want to mess this up. Doesn’t want another vacancy in his life. He’s had plenty of friends come and go, and eventually he recovers, but Dean is different.
If nothing else, at least for this moment, they have each other. They have a new found love, and the hope that tomorrow will come, and bring with it a feather-light peace. They’ve chosen hope. They’ve chosen to fight. They’ve chosen to stay and see how the rest of their story unfolds.
“I understand.” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he sat down next to him. “I don’t want to force you into something you aren’t comfortable with.”
“Dean, I can not thank you enough. Me and Dorothy are totally hitting it off.” Charlie arched her feet up so she was on her tiptoes and waved at the brown haired girl with the leather jacket. She smiled and waved back. Charlie pulled out her phone and opened up Snapchat.
Cas tucked Dean into the hospital bed then leaned over to place a kiss on his forehead. “I love you.”
When he felt like he had emptied himself enough, he flushed the toilet and stood up. He looked in the mirror again, this time his lips flush, tears staining his cheeks. He looked worn out, but he felt light. He felt pure.
“Well, I don’t see anything.” Dean looked all around the room. Surely if there was a bug big enough to cause Cas to scream bloody murder, he’d be able to see it against the white walls. Cas was swaying from side to side, looking all around the ceiling, but nowhere else.
The two of them lay together like that, holding each other and watching the stars, until they both fall asleep.
“So am I, Cas. There’s nothing to talk about. I just had a bad dream. That’s it. I’ve been to hell and back, so I don’t think a nightmare is exactly out of my wheelhouse.”
“No,” Cas laughs, “I did always have a fascination with nature though. When I was maybe seven or eight, I wanted to be a beekeeper.”
“He’ll be fine without me. I got him set up good. He already has a job at some fancy intergalactic law firm. He’s making a life for himself. He doesn’t need me here anymore.”
Cas pulls out his phone and opens an app. Suddenly, the windows transform into a giant screen. The brand name “TwoWay” flashes on the screen and then a menu with several different options appears.
“Well, we have this list of things we’re supposed to do this summer, you know, before we head off to college, and one of them is a backyard bonfire. Now, I might not be good at hosting parties, but I don’t think I can mess up burning some wood.”
He decided not to press it. He let Cas walk him back to his room so he could rest. Cas fluffed the pillow for him, made sure he was comfortable, then ran off to make him a cup of tea. He’d probably put sugar and cream and other nice shit in there because he wanted Dean to feel better. It wouldn’t make him feel better.
Once Dean thought his stomach might give him a moment of peace, he grabbed a ginger ale from the back of the fridge and a pack of crackers. He made his way to his room and laid down.
Cas grabbed the stuffed monkey from across the carriage and set it next to him so that he could slide over next to Dean. “Absolutely!”
Dean scooped them up two cups of something that was being served in an over-sized sand pail. Dean said it was called Jungle Juice, but that didn’t make it any less sketchy. It tasted like fruit punch, and Dean said that was the point. It got you drunk fast because you couldn’t taste the alcohol, even though there were several bottles mixed in.
There he saw his brother and Cas curled up and cozy on Dean’s bed. They were both still sleeping. Dean was drooling a little bit, and Cas had the most blissed-out expression on his face. They were both knocked out. Sam wished they could look that peaceful all the time. Although he knew Dean would be pissed if he knew someone saw him cuddling.
Cas knows how much Dean loves to look around the experimental greenhouse, and when he asks if Dean would like to go back there, his invitation is quickly accepted.
Dean stopped, getting too choked up to speak. The tears spilled down his face. It hurt too much to reminisce. It felt too much like a eulogy. Felt too much like saying goodbye.
“Knowledge is knowing there is just as much to learn from your failures as there is from your successes.”
“Don’t you fucking lie to me, boy. It ain’t Sam’s and it sure as hell ain’t mine.” John cracked the belt in his hand, causing Dean to flinch.
As time went on, Dean and Charlie started to drift apart. Even though they ended up in the same high school, they still faced the conflict of different class schedules, new friends being made, and new clubs to join. They still made a point to call each other, in between the occasional meme spam, just to make sure they didn’t completely fall out of touch.
That was until Cas grabbed a piece of licorice. The red twisted candy was one of Dean’s favorites. He supposed that’s why Cas picked it, but right now, he wanted nothing to do with it. Cas took a bite, before reaching over and holding it in front of Dean’s mouth. Cas wasn’t even looking at him, eyes focused on the film, he just assumed Dean would take a bite.
After the empty took him, Cas only remembered darkness. He wasn’t even sure how long he had been there before a blast of light filled the void. There was a loud ring, a screeching almost, and Cas felt himself being lifted.
The party was being held in an abandoned housing complex on the outskirts of the city. Locals referred to it as Ghost Town. Most of the houses had been gutted of anything valuable, so they really didn’t serve much purpose other than being glorified club houses for wayward youth and shelter for the homeless. The cops had all but given up on patrolling it. During the town’s heyday the houses were given to military families, but once the jobs were shipped elsewhere, they were forgotten.
Dean walked back to his room, and Cas back to his. Dean sunk his head into the pillow, his thoughts racing. On one side, there was John, yelling, punching, beating. On the other side, there was the gentle voice of a man who Dean longed to call something other than friend.
“Yeah, maybe for you.” Dean rolled down his window. “I have the pleasure of air drying like a dog, and I’m gonna have to put my phone in a bowl of rice when I get home.”
I've always had a fondness for Young Adult Fiction and Indie films, and I wanted to create something that embodied that spirit. With Fanfiction, I didn't feel the pressure of trying to "write an entire novel," I simply let the story flow, and followed where it wanted to take me. I wrote the kind of story that I wanted to read, and I'm proud of what I was able to produce. Hopefully, you enjoyed it!
“Look, I promise that I’ll do my best to fit in the things on our list, okay? But I have to get a job. That’s non-negotiable. So, what do you say? Will you come with me and make it less miserable?”
Dean placed his hands, trembling and careful, on either side of Cas’s face, cupping his cheeks and pulling him close as if he’d disappear otherwise. It was like learning to breathe underwater, or taking your first steps on the moon, so new and so scary, but spellbinding.
Next thing he knew, Dean was standing in his doorway, nothing but a towel wrapped around his waist. His hair was wet and the towel sat just low enough to provide a delicious view of Dean’s hips. And just like that, Cas could feel a troubling situation start to grow in his own pants. Now was definitely not the time.
“Yeah. I pissed off my foster parents, let me tell you. I managed to capture, like, 20 bees from the backyard, and I kept them in this glass jar on my dresser, which I hid under one of my baseball caps. Well, one day, I’m looking at the bees, just holding my little jar and staring at them.
“You put your finger right here, and the computer registers the best movie or TV show for you to watch based on the kind of mood you’re in.”
He planned on getting pumpkin, but he figured Mrs. Novak would have baked her own, and he didn’t want to get the same flavor. He needed to check in on things anyway, so he called Anael.
“Well...” Cas looked at the giant neon green monkey on the top row, and had a feeling he already knew the answer to the question he was about to ask. “Which one do you want, Dean?”
As Cas straggled into the kitchen, hair mussed, and yawning, he saw Dean flipping pancakes onto a plate.
Dean turned and grabbed Cas’s hands. “Look. This is supposed to be our summer of adventure right? Well, what’s more adventurous than this? I’m telling you, when you’re up there, there’s no feeling like it.”
Dean clicks on another, and it plays a series of almost hypnotic looping graphics, all of which have the worst quality. It looks like it may have been added by mistake.
“Nothing. I’m sorry, this was really sweet of you, but I’m not in the mood for this right now. I think I’m gonna go take a shower.” Dean hopped off the bed and went straight to the bathroom. He knew Cas was probably confused, but at least he didn’t have to look at or touch Dean anymore. It was a win/win if anything.
When Dean told him to leave the door open, Sam insisted that they were just friends, and that they were going to watch YouTube videos together. Dean left it at that. If young love happened to bloom between them, then so be it, but he didn’t want to push the subject.
Dean pulled Cas into a kiss, their eyes closed, and for a moment, the rest of the world wasn’t there. The background noise faded and everyone in the room turned into a blur. It was just the two of them, together, on the verge of starting a brand new adventure.
It wasn’t like Dean to leave Cas with nothing but radio silence for an entire day. It made him worry. What if something happened? What if Dean was hurt? Eventually, the logical part of Cas realized that Dean probably had to work a later shift, or his phone died, or he had to do something for Sam. There were plenty of reasons why someone wouldn’t answer their phone. So instead of worrying and overthinking, Cas decided to watch some TV to distract himself from the situation.
