He shoulders through the crowd, scanning the giant canvas panels that advertise the shows and games and foodstuff, snakeoil and snake charmers, hootchie-kootchie girls and dancing horses. The ground is damp and well-trodden, muddy in spots, coming through the holes in the bottom of his boots. A barker’s voice cuts through the din and Dean follows it, still on tenterhooks. Castiel’s Odditorim is socked in between the Hall of Mirrors and someone selling marionettes, and Dean is vaguely chagrined at his own disappointment when he doesn’t see the man from the diner at the podium.
Castiel arches a brow, exhaling smoke. He shows Dean his knuckles, the letters “F-R-E-E” and “W-I-L-L” inked across the tops. “That’s my story.”
“Son of a bitch.” He can’t help feeling like a ghost has just slipped past him, in his peripheral vision. And vanished.
Only then does Dean lighten up. He slides his hands down but keeps hold of Sam’s arms, backing away just enough to get a good eyeful. The kid’s had a growth spurt, stretching his limbs and hollowing out his cheeks, taller than Dean now. His eyes and bare shoulders are smudged with some sort of greasepaint that makes the skin shimmer, and as much as Dean hates it, he can’t call Sam a “kid” anymore. Feathers rustle when Sam settles his wings, which seem to have gotten stronger and less juvenile too. He barely resembles Dean’s Sam; he looks so loose and alive. It scares Dean a little.
Dean leaps from his seat and tears through the door, flinging his gaze up and down the dusty street, but the circus rowdies are long gone.
Sam used to keep to the homestead complacently enough, devouring books and minding their motley assortment of animals, but lately he’d begun straying. Spying on the townies from secret places in treetops and belfries. Watching the world go by with sharp, needful eyes. It set Dean's soul to worrying.
“Then it was meant to be. Not my business.” The man rounds the chair, sits down, sets an ankle on his knee. Comfortable in his own illustrated skin. “You like my show?”
Dean likes carnivals, can usually win any game on the midway that requires an eagle eye, as long as they aren't rigged. This one feels different, though. There's something mirage-like about it, and it isn't just his anxiousness at potentially finding Sam. The twilit colors, foreign smells—not all of which are pleasant—smeared together with discordant music and voices, some human, some animal … it's disorienting. He feels it in the tips of his fingers, like static. The hairs on the back of his neck are prickling. He's all nerves.
He loped at a casual jog down to the far meadow, through the thigh-high grasses, catching burrs on his flannel and the milkweed in his hair. His eyes followed a pair of brazen red-winged blackbirds as they bullied a hawk off the field. The sky was a dusky, cornflower blue, and by the time he reached the edge of the treeline, he was solidly sweating. The willows and white alders were just dense enough that Dean could only see occasional flashes of sunlight off the river on the other side. He paused at a tree to catch his breath.
“Kansas City General, got it. No, no, you did good, kid. It's not you. It's … never mind. Cas and I are heading back now.”
Dean just shrugs, because no, he doesn’t really like it. It’s too warm in the tent and he’s anxious. Everything’s giving him the heebie jeebies.
“Eh, Sam's a big boy. He told us to “Get a room, you two”, remember? Tired of being the ol' third wheel? Besides, he's got his dog and all that on-line collegeboy stuff to keep him busy. Excuse me, collegeMAN.”
It was Cas'. Because he'd wanted Dean to himself, uninterrupted. Because if Sam weren't around, it would be the two of them, together, without Dean's mind wandering or Sam dodging out of a room awkwardly. No cause to be covert. There was no use in denying it, and the realization burned like a thousand tiny cuts from a holy blade.
“Good. Got feed for the chickens and unloaded those spare parts.” He'd also unloaded on the mechanic's kid, Jack Jr., who was attestably not junior in certain personal, anatomical aspects, but John Winchester didn't need to know that.
He unbuttons his vest, slips it off and drapes it across the back of the wooden chair he’d been sitting on. He doesn’t look at Dean, and the avoidance strikes Dean as odd, not that this entire night hasn’t been chock-full of odd. Castiel continues with his shirt, almost coyly. Bit by bit, more tattoos are revealed: angels and anchors, swallows and mythological beasts. He leaves the shirt undone but tucked into his corduroys. Dean finds himself standing to get a better look, to drink in all the delicate lines that dip and sway across the sinew of the man’s smooth chest. It’s like living stained glass. Brazenly, he touches the heart that’s etched squarely over Castiel’s sternum.
Fifteen-ish years ago, Mary Winchester had died in child birth. Official determination: blood loss. But that probably wasn't the whole of it.
“How did you not know, Cas?” Dean said, dead-eyed. Which was far more stinging than any shout. “You've healed him. Did you miss something again, like when you dragged him back soulless?”
“That’s it? Are you shittin’ me? You weren’t born all painted up.” Dean wags a bottle in Castiel’s direction. “You did this to yourself. Why for?”
“No one fucks with my freaks, you understand me? I don’t care if you’re blood. There’s safety here. We look out for our own.”
The words froze on Cas' tongue. He had no clue what to say and even if he did, Dean wasn't in a place to hear it.
“Come give us a look-see,” the man says with a nod of his head, sliding a handbill across the counter to Dean.
“But you weren’t born—” Dean curbs himself with a glance at Sam. “You chose this life. Why the hell would you choose this life? I don’t underst—”
They were roughly an hour out when Cas decided to break the silence. Foolish, but this had to be aired before they reached the hospital. “We didn't know. We couldn't have known.”
Dean lolls his head towards Castiel, who has a hand-rolled cigarette caught between his lips, auspiciously quiet, and Dean’s just sauced enough to prod.
Nodding slowly, Castiel backs away. Dean can’t begin to read his expression. “All right,” he says finally. Castiel gestures with two fingers and slips between the edges of the fabric panels, disappearing. Dean darts after him.
Dean wiped his sweaty palms on his trousers, let the screen door slam behind him as he stomped into the house. John hardly flinched; the war had left him deaf in one ear and in fact, he seemed to appreciate loud noises these days. He looked up from the stove, a massive soup pot steaming away, and nodded to his eldest.
With down-turned eyes, Castiel watches Dean’s hand. Slowly he pivots, and Dean lets his fingers trail across Castiel’s pecs, collarbone, arm. With his back to Dean, Castiel slides the shirt off his stalwart shoulders. Dean coaxes the fabric down, mesmerized by the artistry of the designs, getting not just a little aroused in spite of himself. But he freezes when his fingertips brush across strange, rough patches. The shirt dips farther and reveals the area over Castiel’s shoulder blades, marred not by ink, but by scars. Huge clusters of old scarring, the exact spot where wings might’ve once been.
The last flap opens up onto the private grounds for the carnies, where their tents and wagons are strewn throughout the clearing like haphazard piles of rags. Most of the employees are out doing their jobs, but a few linger. They nod to Castiel as he passes, but eye Dean with open distrust. He meets their gazes with distrust of his own.
He must've drifted into earnest sleep because he found his eyes snapping open at the escalation in Dean's voice, distant enough to be outside the car. From the color of the light, it was still early.
“Wouldn’t that be something.” Castiel appears from behind a canvas wall, still in his shirtsleeves, a snug vest, roughed-up hair. “You showed. Wasn’t sure I’d made enough of an impression.”
He stomped back to the car, Cas on his tail. They were going to break the sound barrier heading to Kansas City, of this Cas was sure. There were precious few stops for food or gas, hardly a word exchanged between them, but Dean begrudgingly let Cas drive through the night when Dean was nodding off at the wheel and a hair's breadth from rear-ending a semi. Cas was fairly certain he wouldn't be able to repair them from that level of trauma.
And in the course of the evening, he learns the difference between running away, and running towards something.
It’s dark, a landscape of unfamiliar silhouettes, and Dean’s positive there are living things in the shadows. Castiel dances over the tent stakes, as Dean nearly trips on each of them.  They zig and zag until they round a huge wagon, where a bonfire comes into view. Smoke perfumes the air. Folks are gathered around the fire, sitting on stumps and old wooden chairs, throwing dice and drinking and laughing. Dean’s heart is in his throat.
The handbill is fancifully drawn, not unlike the tattooed man himself, announcing ‘The Cirque Berserk’. Tigers dance down the borders, balloons, ladies in tutus balancing on wires and strongmen hoisting dumbbells. Ornate hand-lettering boasts Cain the Lion King, the lovely Rowena who, from what Dean can gather, swallows all manner of blades, and at the bottom, Castiel's Odditorium. But as he shifts his thumb aside, the illustration in the lower right corner makes Dean's pulse skip.
Dean feels strangely indignant for this almost-stranger, anger and sympathy churning in his gut, that someone would take Castiel’s wings. Dean bets the feathers would’ve been as black as an oil slick.
“For year, YEARS, we've been giving Sam shit for his 'delicate constitution' and his fussy eating habits and his indigestion and all this time it's been, I dunno,
She'd even offered to keep the baby, dispose of the little oddling so that John wouldn't have to, on top of grieving for his beloved wife.
The barker follows her line of sight and picks up the mark. He gestures grandly with a bamboo cane in Dean’s direction. “Well, my fine young sir, are you ready for a world of wonders? Bigger, better and stranger than any other show on the circuit.”
“No, he said that it was for you, but he also killed the thing and said that when he did, it burned away my grace as well. So, I am human, yes.”
I mean don’t get me wrong I get the whole carrying him around and stuff but seriously? How in denial
He looked at him in the mirror with crinkly green eyes. But he didn’t know what to say back. This was usually about the time he would throw in the familiar “you’re my brother Cas.” line that he would say. It wasn’t said so he addressed it.
“He did, he said that the thing was a demon hybrid and that he saved me because you were his best friend. It’s strange, I know but he told me to say hello for him.”
” He then proceeded to beat the shit out of the Impala’s hood. So no, he wasn’t but Sam knew better than to press about it any further. “Dude, you still having nightmares?” “Uh yeah it was just a small one. I’m fine.” Nodding, he turned down the brightness of his laptop, “I didn’t wake you up, did I?” His brother chuckles at him sleepily “Nah, I got my four hours, I’m all set. Did you find a case?” Looking at his laptop he sighs “Sadly, no. Nothing, everything’s been quiet.” “Shame. Well until one pops up we can stay here and relax, I like this town.” “You like their bar Dean.” His brother shrugs before crawling back into bed and turning over to go back to sleep.
Psh, yeah right as if that would ever happen. “You realize the bunker is on the other side of Ohio and it will take longer to drop me off and go get him then just letting me tag along.” Dammit, Sammy had a point. “Dude if you want alone time just tell me, I can take a hint.” “Why would I need alone time? I just think you should rest in something other than the backseat. And the nurse said you need to drink a lot of fluids so that means soup not salad and some Gatorade.” Sam gave him a bitch face and muttered “Fine but I’m staying at a motel. If I’m going to rest I can’t do it with you two eye fucking every second.” “Dude, come on. What is with you lately? Cas is my best friend. He’s family. Besides I am not gay.” “Why are you getting so defensive then? Also there is a thing called bisexuality. Look it up.” Bisexual? He was not bisexual. He loved chicks and only chicks. “How about no. But I am however sticking you in a motel with fifty cans of soup til I get back. No arguments about it.” “When you finally grow a pair and realize you have feelings for the guy I’ll be there not to brag but to support you because you’re my brother no matter who you love.” “Sammy. Rule number one. No chick flick moments.” “Bitch” “Jerk.” Cas. You there Cas? Cas. Cas. Cas.
When they arrive at the morgue, he realizes that they’re not wearing the right clothes to get in. “Uh, I didn’t bring my fed suit. And I doubt they’ll believe you’re with the FBI looking like that…” Glancing at her, carefully eyeing her up and down.
“Guess those two worked things out after all” he says to an empty, dusty room. He begins to pack up his laptop to leave when he hears the door being turned, who else would be here? Nobody else had a key except for hunters…
A flicker of movement catches his eye in the review mirror and suddenly the impala is behind his station wagon and is pulling over beside him. Dean hops out of baby and runs to the other car he places a hand on the car to keep the angel from running off. “Cas! Hey. Please don’t go. Will you just come back home so we can talk about this?”
Opening his eyes, he frowns, it must have been a dream. Still on the couch, Dean is beside him snoring softly. The TV screen is blank and there is a blanket thrown on top of him, he slowly realizes he’s half way on top of Dean. If awake, the hunter would surely protest. Moving slowly he tries to inch off of the other man, much to his surprise his body is 75% back to normal. He can move more freely without a sharp pain halting him every second. The dream he had of him confessing the truth about the warehouse is slowly fading, confirming that it was indeed a dream. What doesn’t fade are Dean’s words to him in the warehouse. It was true, Castiel was in love with Dean, but he couldn’t risk the loss of the only family he had left. In the dream, Dean had felt the same way, but that’s all it was, a
“I’m also going to tease you every chance I get. I like the look on your face. Come on lets watch the movie.”
Getting up to talk to Sam, he hears a small whimper beside him, “I’ll be back in a minute can you pause it?” They’ve moved from fucking to Allie waking up in bed to find roses scattered everywhere. Castiel’s hydrangea blue eyes are still glued to the screen and he huffs. “Sure.”
“Hmph, a couple of hours ago you didn’t even want to watch it, and now you can’t even look away to see me tease you.”
“Or we could continue doing this?” the hunter said hopefully winding his arms around the angel to continue the kiss.
“So do you want to go somewhere else? I think there’s a TGI Friday’s somewhere in the next town. They have good burgers but, personally I’m more of a vegetarian myself sometimes. Depends on the mood.”
Mouth agape Sam is speechless. “I’m sorry man, I was just giving Dean a hard time, anything you need just let me know, uh how about we get you a wheel chair until you’re used to this human thing?” Dean is as well speechless at Cas’s response to his brother’s teasing. Smiling to himself smugly, Dean sits Cas down on the best chair they have carefully. “You good?” “Yes. Sam?” Looking up like a scolded school boy he mumbles “Uh-uh yeah Cas?” “Can you get me some water please?” “Sure” he nods. Laughing he goes to the fridge to pull out some food. “What do you want to eat? I’ve got stuff to make a good burger just the way you like it.” Sam sets down the water and quickly puts his head down and leaves the kitchen. “Dinner will be ready in twenty!” With a wave of the hand he’s gone. Squishing the meat in between his hands he molds it into a thick patty just how his angel likes it. The angel. Dammit man. Twenty minutes later three burgers are done and waiting with French fries on the side for Cas and him, and for Sammy a salad. “Sammy! Soups on!” Sam appears in the doorway and quickly takes the food and departs, but Cas yells for him before he can make it out. “Sam, I’m sorry for yelling earlier but I don’t regret what I said, I’d like it if you stayed and ate with Dean and me. “Thanks man, but its okay. I deserved it. I’ve got some research I was going to catch up on. You two have fun.
He gathered his gear and put it away before heading into the kitchen to see Sam and Cas sitting at the table. Mugs in hand.
Dean’s hands begin to roam, finding the waistband of his boxers on the angel. After yanking them down he presses his body down onto Cas’s. Then he removes his mouth from Cas and moves it to his neck. Kissing down moves his body along the body beneath him.
Perhaps this is how it was supposed to be. Everything set right in the world and yet he was miserable. He put on a happy front for Sam but on the inside he was imagining the life he and Cas could have had. The life Sam and Eileen were making right before his very eyes.
Something in the air shifted. Something familiar. A beacon called out to him in the same way it always did in his presence.
Sitting up slowly, his head began to spin so he decides against the original notion. His body ached all over, but his head was throbbing in ways he didn’t think humans could endure. “Easy there tiger. Not so fast, you’re dinged up pretty bad.” Dean is above him. “Why are we in the back of the Impala?” “I didn’t want to wake you up, and it wasn’t long, Sam only went inside about twenty minutes ago.” He nods, but even the small movement hurts, “Being a human hurts, I’ve never felt such throbbing pain in my head before.” “You’ve obviously never had a bad hangover. Let’s get you inside and I’ll get you some ibuprofen.” Trying to move again, he is still too sore to even lift his head. Dean crawls out of baby and reaches in to help him out, putting the angel’s arm around his neck, picking him up once more. “If I’d known I was going to carry you in again, I would have done it twenty minutes ago.” “Dean, I’m sorry. You’re obviously uncomfortable with this, and” Shaking his head no Dean stops him “its fine Cas, just don’t think this is going to become a regular thing.” “I wouldn’t dream of it. But I think it’s the least you can do after I carried you out of hell.”
“I’m sorry man, it’s just the jeans. Let’s get those off.” He begins unbuttoning Cas’s new jeans and slides them down to reveal Dean’s boxers.
Dean woke up feeling refreshed, which was a first. He slept more than his usual four hours, but with the Mark of Cain gone, there was a huge burden lifted off of him. He hadn’t felt this good in a very long time, maybe he would make breakfast for Sammy and Cas… If he was still there, he’d never stayed at the bunker too long, always finding a reason to leave. “Cas?” he called out. “Hello Dean”, the angel said appearing inches in front of him, leaving no room for personal space. Dean didn’t waste his breath telling the angel to move, he instead looked at him. Cas looked happy to see Dean, but he could also see that the little grace he had left in him was fading away. Lately he had been showing human traits, growing more and more human every day. Dean chose to ignore the bags under the angel’s eyes and stepped aside, “I’m making some omelets, would you like some?” Cas turned his head in that cute way he did and scrunched his eyebrows, “Dean, I do not feel the need to eat, no. But I would like to help.” The hunter chuckled as he nodded and moved towards the bunkers kitchen. He dug out the eggs, bacon, and cheese for the breakfast and remembered that Sammy would want his damn vegetables in his. They were fresh out. “Dammit”, the older Winchester said as he put the ingredients back in the fridge. “What is the problem? The main ingredient of an omelet is an egg. Do you need another chicken embryo?” Dean just shook his head and chuckled a bit, “No, Sam likes peppers and other veggie junk in his omelet, and he won’t eat it without it.” Cas smiled at Dean proudly, “You’ve been cooking for him for all these years, haven’t you?” He just nodded and grabbed his keys, “I’m going on a run, do you need anything?” he asked stupidly. “No, but I would like to come along if that is okay” the angel said questionably. “Um yeah sure, but have you ever been to a grocery store man?” he asked laughing. “I worked at a Gas-N-Sip while I was human, it contained grocery items.” “No Cas, it’s a store, uh never mind. Sure. Let’s go before I change my mind about cooking.”
them. He sits down and scoots back with the angel in his arms. The poor guy must be shaken up pretty bad, he’s clinging onto Dean like a koala bear. “I’m sorry Dean, I-
This night was different. Instead of dreaming about Cas being taken by the empty, he dreamed of him being burned alive. Just like their mother. Just like Jess.
An hour and a half in, Dean forgets all about his protest about the ‘gay cowboy’ movie, and is deep into the movie. So deep, that he doesn’t even bother pay attention when Cas starts to plant kisses on Dean’s face every time he sees a freckle.
With his arms around the hunter’s neck, Cas leans up to kiss his hunter once more. Going to pull away, Dean chuckles. “Two can play that game angel.”
“Hold that thought, sweetie,” she says finally, picking up her pencil and moving off to intercept the newcomers. Dean grits his teeth and tries not to gawk, but it’s tough, because, dang.
“You have no idea how many ways I can hurt a person if they fuck with my family. Because they’re all my family now, are you hearing me?”
“Dinner's 'bout ready. Go find your brother. He’s probably at the coop. Birds of a feather, and all.”
Dean howled, rough and giddy, as he came down the back of Cas' throat. And though Cas struggled a bit with the physicality of arousal (almost certainly a side-effect of his vessel having been rebuilt a thousand times), the intricate feelings of that sound did things to him he'd have never expected. Couldn't explain. Wouldn't deny or disown on his worst days.
The long shadows of late day sun cast gloom into the chicken coop, turning the bird dander into specks of glowing dust. The companionable natter of the hens picked up when Dean stuck his head in and called for Sam, but no human voice replied.
Something cold shocks against Dean’s arm: Castiel has a sweating bottle pressed there, and a puckish glimmer in his eyes. “Come. Join us,” he says, gesturing to the bonfire.
An acorn or piece of bark or something dropped on Dean, who dodged it with a shift of his head. He heard the leaves rustle as a shadow lifted up out of the branches.
There’s a leathery old geek, perforated in every possible place with metal doodads and dangly rings (Dean imagines he must smell like rust), a girl who would’ve been pretty, if not for her mustache and the monkey perched on her head, and the painted man with the peculiar blue eyes. Which, once Dean allows himself to ponder those eyes, isn’t actually such a bad view. The way the man wears that ink on his skin … well, it gives Dean pause.
Dean’s not sure if he’s still just plain annoyed, or if there’s an edge of temptation creeping in. The man has a shock of dark hair and his shirtsleeves rolled up; drawings of snakes and symbols Dean can't even begin to recognize coil up the man’s forearms, hinting at the artwork all over his body. As soon as the man grins, all sly-like, Dean decides he’s definitely tempted.
After scanning the meadow for prying eyes, Dean gave a whistle and paused for his brother on the other side of the trees, opposite the river. He slipped a stalk of wheat into the corner of his mouth, chewing, as Sammy glided to the ground. It was almost breathtaking, the wide span of Sam's heathery brown wings against his sun-tanned skin and the cloudless sky, feathers making tattletale whispers through the air. Like some kind of hayseed half-angel.
Which is, at once, good for Dean's sexual ambitions, but also a reminder that the only person who might have caught him philandering and tattle to Dad was Sammy. And Sam was exactly the reason Dean was in Nowhere, Tennessee, with empty pockets and an emptier heart.
The night-birds are just starting to warble as Dean breaches the knoll and the valley opens up below him. There it is, a bedlam of lights and music and voices. Tents lit from within, like giant lanterns. Specks of people. A carousel, spinning, its tinny calliope version of “Darktown Strutters' Ball” echoing through the clearing.
Won't be the first time in the past year that he's traded favors for food, won't be the last. Dean is in no small way curious as to where all those pretty pictures lead. Besides, at twenty years old and hundreds of miles from home, there’s no one around to spill Dean’s secrets and tell John Winchester a damned anything.
The passage created by the fake walls is convoluted, worse than any corn field maze, but Castiel navigates it with ease. He swipes aside curtains, moving deeper into the tent, which clearly goes back farther than Dean had any clue. The air gets murkier before it gets better, and Dean breathes a great sigh of relief when he smells grass and earth and animals, sees the vaguest glow of starlight against the radiance of the midway.
“Well, shit. The HoHos in the glovebox are getting a little long in the tooth for my refined palate.”
“Aw, fuck off,” Sam said, but there was no real heat behind it. He unruffled his feathers with a couple flips of his wings, a hair's breadth from Dean's face.
“It is not. It never has been. I wish so badly that it was, it would make this so much easier. I didn’t fall and rebel from heaven to be in control, you stupid son of a bitch. I did it to be with
He supposed it had to do with the trauma and years of training that had been ingrained into his very being.
fault, Cas had stepped in front of Dean at the last second and down he went. In all the commotion Dean’s first instinct was always
“Cas? Buddy, you okay?” Sam answers for him “he had a nightmare, I think you died in it. It shook him up pretty bad.” With that he leaves the angel alone with his brother. “I’m going back to bed, I got an early morning. Goodnight.” “Night Sammy.” Cas is sobbing into his chest “Dean I’m sorry I” “Shh. Shh. I’m here.” Much like Sam, Dean is rocking him back and forth. Unlike Sam, Dean is rubbing the angels back and stroking his hair at the same time to comfort him. “How about you sleep in my room tonight? Nothing weird or anything, just one friend helping out another friend, that way if you have another nightmare I’ll be there.” Still shaking the angel nods slightly. Dean takes the angel in his arms and picks him up one last time. He knows that the angel can move better now, but it’s easier. And if he’s being completely honest, he
Cas wasn’t hurt by the sudden rejection when John Winchester appeared, Dean’s father was not a bad man, but he was
He pushed his guilt down and half sprinted to the library. After re-reading all of the research he had been pulling for weeks and weeks, he found his answer.
” is spoken against his lips as he strokes Cas’s huge dick. Creating a rhythm of kissing, tugging and grinding on one another, soon Dean is also hard.
Not sure if this was a dream he pinches himself. Did Dean go out with the bartender? No, Dean was a lady killer. Not that it would bother him, he loved his brother regardless of who he liked to sleep with. Looking at the phone again he sees the name
“They don’t care about you! No one is coming to rescue you. All you are is a pathetic, fallen angel.”
“Dean right?” “Yeah, you remembered.” The bartender only smirked, “Hard not to with a face like that, so listen, I was going through a phase back then, you know College and what not, but I’m married now. I have kids. And not to be rude but we don’t really like ‘your’ kind in our town. Okay? So I think it’s best if you leave.” Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing, not only had he been rejected but
Sam’s voice knocks him out of his deep thoughts “Yes. I understand I’m going to talk to him now. What did you find in the archives?”
There was only one more week left until Eliza would arrive and they were all excited. Their house was decorated and Cas and Dean would move in with Eliza soon. The baby room was a pale yellow with brown polka dots, they had decided giraffes would be the theme. It was filled with giraffes, there was giraffe bedding, stuffed animals and baby toys. The one thing they didn’t have was giraffe clothing. Dean had bought most of her clothing and it all consisted of some type of rock band or nerd thing. Not that he minded he loved the adorable onesies and socks their daughter would wear. Uncle Sammy and Sally were throwing them a baby shower tonight and Dean was making pie and burgers for everybody. Over the past couple of months as Eliza’s birth grew closer so did Cas’s humanity. The angel now slept, used the bathroom and ate like a normal person. His favorite by far was eating, he loved how good Dean’s cooking was and had to up his workout routine because he was starting to get pudgy like his hunter. At nighttime after they ate dinner, and drank a couple of beers they would put on a record and dance slowly in the middle of the floor. Sometimes Gabe and Sam laughed at them but then joined them but only every now and then. Tonight they’re would be a lot of dancing, eating and drinking for one last hoo rah. It was going to be at the new house, Dean had spent the whole day outside getting the pool ready. Meanwhile Gabe was actually in some pain from the pregnancy and was showing as if in the second trimester. Sam and Cas were baking the pie while Gabe was relaxing on the couch watching The Walking Dead, Sam hollered from in the kitchen “You know I’ve fought actual zombies and they’re nothing like that.” “So what? That’s not why I watch it. Honestly I’m just waiting on Carol and Daryl to get together already, the zombie killing is a bonus.” “Okay baby whatever you say. Do you want something to drink?” “Water is fine, Eliza is not liking my caffeine addiction so I’m cutting back.” “Gabriel I can’t tell you how thankful Dean and I are for what you’re doing for us. I know Eliza is going to love her Uncle Sally.” “Actually I’ve been thinking of being called Aunt Gabriel but whichever Liz likes will be fine.” “Liz? She isn’t even born yet baby and you’re already giving her nicknames.” “So what? Liz is no good? How about Lizzy?” “I like Lizzy” Dean said as he came into the kitchen bringing the burgers. “We’re all set. Tell the guests the parties started.” “It’s only us Dean?” “Don’t count your luck too soon boys.” Crowley walked into the room setting down a giant wrapped box. “Hello Crowley.” Cas and Crowley had actually grown to be friends, kind of. “Hey wings. Where’s squirrel and moose?” “Sam is right here. Crowley when are you going to stop calling me moose?” “When you stop looking dumb founded all of the time.” “Crowley! Big fan. I haven’t had the pleasure of meeting you just yet.” “You must be Gabriel, it’s nice to finally meet you too. So how’d you end up with Moosey here?” “Long story, we’ll talk later. What’s in the box?” “Something for Dean.” “For me? This is a baby shower man not a birthday party.” “Just bloody open it.” Walking over to the box cautiously he motions for Sam to come with him. Gabe steps back chuckling already knowing what’s in the box. After tearing the paper and pushing the box a bit a body flops out. “What the hell Crowley?” “It’s a demon you idiot. It’s the last of them in this area. I told them that this and 100 miles out are off limits. As well as the whole Winchester family. You’re officially under my protection. This here is for the little squirrel.” “Oh.” Looking closely at the body he realizes that the person is not dead just unconscious. “There still alive?” “Duh, I just sent the demon back to hell.” “Good, you really have gone Jedi haven’t you?” “Guess so. I thought there would be drinks? You do have my liquor don’t you?”  “We have scotch if that’s what you mean.” Gabe touched the man’s forehead sending him back to wherever he came from with a new memory. “Thank you man, I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship.” Cas picked up the mess from the gift and threw it away, “Everything’s all set, drinks are over there, burgers are on the table, and gifts are being put anywhere apparently.” “Come on wings I thought we were bonding?” “We have, but I generally get upset when people make a mess on my new floor.” “Oh sorry love, I didn’t know.” “Well let’s stop yammering and start this party eh?” “I’m game, here.” Gabe handed Dean a wrapped box that was small. “I know I said Eliza was your gift but I lied. So here you go.” Inside the box was a set of baby monitors that were top of the line with video streaming. “It’s already set up, thought it would come in handy.” “Thanks Gabriel we love it.” “Love it? It’s freaking awesome. I never would have dreamt of having anything like this.” “Okay mine next. This is actually not for the baby it’s for Cas because I’m tired of seeing him in my brother’s old wardrobe.” Upon opening the package he beamed inside was a blue plaid button up shirt. “Thank Sam, I like wearing your brothers clothes though.” “I like it too.” “That’s why I bought it. Every time you come out wearing one of his sweaters or t-shirts your PDA level shoots through the roof and well we all decided that for Eliza’s sake you better get your own clothes because frankly it’s disgusting.” “You two are disgusting with your hickies everywhere. I mean come on. Yesterday I saw one on Gabe’s leg. His leg. So can it.” “You guys really are the Brady Bunch aren’t you?” “Shut up Crowley.” They all said simultaneously. He smirked and held up his hands, “Sorry. Just making conversation.” “I’ll wear it Sam, I do like it, but I also like wearing your brother’s clothes.” He looked at Dean and smiled, they stared at each other for a good five minutes before everyone else began to clear their throats. “See?” “I don’t know what you’re talking about Sammy.” Finishing opening up the presents they ate the burgers and pie. When they were done they moved outside by the pool. Sam and Gabe left before the others began to drink, Gabe couldn’t because of the pregnancy so Sam was being supportive. Dean asked if he wanted the rest to do the same but Gabe said not to because it would be the last time they would get to. Crowley was barely wasted but Dean was getting tipsy and he was getting tired of holding him up in the pool so he wouldn’t drown. “Cas babe, I’m a big boy I can swim on my own you know.” “Dean you’re very intoxicated.” “Shhhhh. Crowley is here, we’ll talk about pool sex later.” “How touching. And not in the sexy way. I don’t know what Moose was complaining about you two barely even touch compared to them two.” “Gabriel has always been very promiscuous. It didn’t take Sam for him to be that way.” Now Dean was moving his hips and slurring “Promiscuous girl wherever you are,” “Oh look at squirrel go. He always put on this good of a show for guests?” “No, and I think maybe you should go. He’s very intoxicated and he’ll be embarrassed tomorrow.” “Not one to mince words are you wings?” “Sorry if I was blunt.” “No need. Cheers.” In an instant Crowley was gone and Dean was still singing off key to the song again. “My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and their like I raised you from hell and their like I raised you from hell. Na Na Na. The angels are waiting.” This was very humorous but he was tired from holding him up so he pulled on the hunter to get up. “Come on honey, let’s get you to bed.” “Oh no, I’m already taken by an angel. And he would be so pissed if I went home with you blue eyes. Hey. Those are the same color as Cas’s.” “I am Cas.” “Whoa. You sound like himm too. Are you a shifter-r?” “No Dean, I’m Castiel. You know me.” “Oh of course I do. You’re my baby daddy. Come mere.” When Dean was drunk his hint of a southern accent came out and he enjoyed it. Sloppily and very wetly he pulled the angels face to meet his own, his mouth was slippery and tasted like whiskey. He did not like the taste at all, pulling away he picked Dean up. “Hey there buddy I said I have somebody waiting for me at home.” “Yes, I know, I am that somebody. Come on unless you want to sleep out here.” “I want to do allll sorts of things out here, but Cas said no.” He laughed he told Dean no to the pool sex because it was outside and they had neighbors now. “Well maybe he is uncomfortable with having sex outside.” “That is soo not true. We fucked in the impala once.” “It was in the middle of nowhere. And I more grace left then.” “How do you-u know?” Finally the hunter passed out in his arms, thankfully they were in the shallow end of the pool. Picking him up, he carried him to their new bathroom. “Let’s get you out of those we clothes.” Slowly peeling off the wet clothes as to not wake him up he gently put the man on the floor. “I’ll be right back honey, I’m just going to get your clothes.” Looking for his pajamas he opened their dresser drawers, pulling out the familiar plaid clothing. When he returned to the bathroom Dean was hurling into the toilet. “Oh sweetie. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have let you drink so much.” The only response he was given is a hurl into the toilet. Grabbing a wash cloth and wetting it. He lifted Dean’s face out of the bowl and cleaned his face up before giving him some water. The man smelled of puke and alcohol, “Ugh honey you reek. You’ll be so upset with me if I put you to bed in our new room smelling like this. Come on let’s get you cleaned up.” After cleaning his hunter up he toweled of his hair and put the pajamas on him. Finally getting into their new bed he smiled at his hunter, even though Dean was intoxicated and threw up half the night there was no other place he wanted to be. “Babe, will you sing me our song?” “Yes.” “Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can’t help falling in love with you. Shall I stay? Would it be a sin? If I can’t help falling in love with you. Like a river flows surely to the sea, darling so it goes, some things are meant to be…” When the song was over Dean was snoring happily against his chest. Soon enough he would be asleep himself.
Cas sighed and turned, wrapping his arms around Dean’s middle, trying to calm his raging heart. Drugs were not helping, the effects already wearing off yet still present enough to make him a little bit twitchier. If he knew Dean would come, he wouldn’t take the pills; he would try to experience Dean as sober as possible.
Everything, even nature, goes quiet and still. Only the flames bicker, bright and warm, but Dean is not close enough and he only feels cold.
Sam eventually walks down to the living room and finds him sitting completely still, just like the body that’s lying on the table, covered with a cloth.
The Colt was supposed to be able to kill everything except five things in all creation. Maybe it would kill a human-angel-hippie hybrid. Cas looked down at his hunter once more.
Dean takes a turn into the right lane and sees their old house in Lawrence, nostalgia washing over him. He parks in the driveway, and waits for the words that his father always utters. “Perfect landing, son.” Always approving and gentle, so different from the ones he’d say when he was still alive.
He takes the curtains, yellow and soft, and rips them into pieces. As he wraps them around Cas’ legs, another part of him gives in and breaks and he has to stop. He breathes; one, two, three seconds. Then he straightens up, undraws the cloth once more, and puts his hands on Cas’ chest, searching.
Dean tore his gaze away from the view outside of the window. “A couple hours. We should be there for lunch. Sam’s promised to make some food once we’re back. Maybe the bunker isn’t all burnt down yet," he joked, knowing that his brother was as much of a cook as Dean was a writer.
Cas and him haven’t exactly been fighting. Not for real. After Purgatory and all that has happened, they were more or less heading towards a better relationship, but Dean still felt a little uneasy. There was something between them, something that has been building up for years but Dean was still direfully inexperienced with all the feelings and thoughts that were flooding his mind any time the angel was close or anytime something reminded him of Cas. His anger was also still there, an obstacle too high to jump above, buzzling beneath the surface, ready to burst out when triggered. Sometimes Dean would lash out, even now, after their conversation that provided some sort of comfort. Cas happened to be the unfortunate target of his rage more often than not. It made Dean’s guilt deepen, it made him feel helpless since he really didn’t want to be that. He didn’t want to be a man his father once was. Well, now it was too late, he thought bitterly, his mind travelling back to the day he put a gun against his son’s head.
They sat in silence for what seemed like a century, drinking their teas and avoiding each other’s eyes. Nevertheless, the moment wasn’t awkward, the quiescent hours of the night swathing them with comfortable silence.
It happens that they put the bassinet in Dean’s room. Sam insists with little tact, aware of his own, slightly embarrassing incapability to care for the baby, and Dean doesn’t really object. He figures that if the child were to hurt someone, he’d rather it’d be him. After all, they don’t know exactly how much, and what kind of power it holds.
His morning routine, if that’s the suitable term, goes slow. Dean dilatorily regains consciousness while brushing his teeth and changing his clothes. The fuzziness of his mind, deliberately dulled with alcohol the night before, fades away as he plods to the kitchen and pours himself a cup of coffee. His throat burns and his empty stomach revolts, but he downs the whole cup in a few voracious drafts. His skin itches; a peculiar, subcutaneous starvation burning through it, but Dean does not feel hungry. He puts the empty vessel in the sink, not bothering to wash it.
Dean raises his brows. No, he thinks. God left a long time ago. What stayed with them are only the remains of his cruelty.
Dean grows to be glad that he bought whiskey a lot sooner than he initially anticipated. He spills some of it on his hand and shakes his fingers as the burning in his knuckles fades. He gets in the car and squeezes the steering wheel. The skin on his palms pulls uncomfortably and his back aches. He doesn’t know whether that’s because he’s old and tired or because he just got whacked with a wooden rack by a wavelength of celestial intent with a bad attitude.
“Jack said you took care of the hunt on your own.” There was no accusation in his tone, just a simple statement of a fact.
When Dean woke up the first thing that came to his still fuzzy with sleep mind was the headache. The second one was the smartness in his hands, still present even after all those hours. Truth be told, he hasn’t even disinfected the wounds properly, but wasn’t like anything would happen because of that. The headache however, may have been an indication that the hunter should probably take better care of himself and his battered body.
Falling asleep took Dean longer than he’d wished it would. There was an anxiety in his mind, making his heart pound unpleasantly in his chest. He could feel the blood rushing through his veins, fast and loud, pulsing in his fingertips.
Dean fishes a zippo out of his pocket and tries to light it for a few seconds, with little success. Maybe the lighter is as reluctant to do this as he is.
It was only Dean who seemed not to see him as a misfit. Maybe because he was one, too. Or maybe because they would fit perfectly together, making their own little world.
He breathes in shakily and goes on. It’s easier now, for some reason. “Goodbye, Kelly; Goodbye, Crowley… Goodbye, mom.”
They arrive in the late evening, tired and worn out; two pairs of weary footsteps echoing in the halls. Sam leaves to shower and Dean waits silently until his brother is finished, and then hands him the baby, and goes to the bathroom himself.
The hunter didn’t dare to look up and meet the angel’s eyes, absolutely aware of the intensity of Cas’ gaze. For a few seconds, seconds filled with listening to his own heart hammering against his ribcage, seconds filled with doubt and hesitancy, Dean stared obstinately at their joined hands.
The unforgiving stream of hot water irritates his skin, already red and ragged. It gets into his eyes and burns the flesh of his back. He relishes the pain, as his thoughts drown in the water and blood pooling next to his feet and then spiral down in the drain.
The ground is cool under his knees. As the wind sweeps over the sand and makes the shape of burned, broken wings smudge, he looks up and sees the sky, as dark as the inside of his heart. There are stars there, glistening on the firmament. They also fill the space behind his eyelids; small sparks making him dizzy. The moon casts light on the water, and the surface shines. Fowles was right. “A dead thing over a dying thing.” Now, his heart is the moon. It’s dark side. Unfathomable and unknowable. Never seeing the sun, stunted. It lies on the ground next to him, torn out of his chest. Unmoving.
Oh. So that was the issue. “Look kid, it takes a lot more than a few angry word exchanges between me and Cas for him to actually leave the bunker without telling me or Sam about it,” Dean repressed a shudder, his mind travelling back to the day when they thought they lost Rowena and when he thought he lost Cas. “Besides, even if he did leave, why would you want him in the bunker in the first place?” he asked and then realized how his word sounded like. “I mean, you need something specific?” he added quickly.
another thing is that the whole mixtape thing had to be here, since in 13x06, when cas came back, the boys ask: "where were you? heaven?", which implies that they don't know anything about angels' afterlife.
Jack nodded slowly and rose from his bed. Dean watched him for a short moment, a thought crossing his mind. A thought that has been there for a long time now, ever since Dean allowed himself to care for the boy. And after all this time it still caught him by surprise how much the kid reminded him of Cas. The cautiousness of his movements and a sort of off-beam obedience to whatever Dean was saying. Of course, there were major differences between the two of them and said obedience wasn’t always present, thank God for that. Or maybe not God, Dean corrected himself bitterly. Well, maybe to some extend it was His doing, too. Dean quickly decided not to dwell on that.
They end up arguing about it. That’s all they do lately; argue. Both of them tired and on edge and easy to agitate. Arriving at the bunker did not help. It only envenomed wounds still fresh and aching, infected them with feelings of the not too distant past. Sam tries to reason with Dean, telling him about what they lost and how they cannot afford to lose more, and how Jack might be their only shot at finding some way to bring their people back, and how they have to be on the same page for this to work, but Dean refuses to listen. No, Sam, they’re not on the same page. Like, at all. And if what the lore says is true, if a Nephilim really grows to be more powerful than the angel who sired him, then this might as well be Russian roulette. All that nature versus nurture bullshit won’t mean much if he decides he wants to be like daddy.
“What… what was that?” she asks after a moment, her eyes searching his face for any signs that all of this is a joke. He finds himself wishing it were.
Dean smile was narrow, a tight feeling in his chest. “Look kid, Cas ain’t gonna waste his grace on my paper cut, alright? And he’s gonna be in the bunker to watch that show with you, and if he’s not you’ll call him and he’ll come.” Dean’s voice was sure. He looked into his cup, now empty, and swallowed the lump in this throat.
As it turns out, Donatello did pick up on the flare-up of celestial energy that recently shook the earth. The aura, like the Star of Bethlehem, was supposed to lead him to the source, but it vanished too soon for him to follow. Donatello figured it’d be easier to come to them and ask, since, and here an accusatory tone creeps into his voice, they did not bother to answer his calls.
They resume their journey. Dean watches absentmindedly as the cool, nighttime mist distills and droplets of water begin a vehement chase on the windows’ surface. His thoughts are the same; chasing each other helplessly and eventually joining together, only to slip down and disappear in the dark, but not without leaving a trace behind. The moon peaks through the clouds and illuminates the wet streaks. That makes Dean think of it; of the moon and of his heart; both only a reflection of something bigger and brighter; hiding, and visible almost only during the night.
Cold shrouds him and terror grips his limbs, preventing him from moving. His jaw goes numb, panic rising in him like a tidal wave not intending to move backward, but pressing forward and forward, drowning him.
The freeway gets emptier as hours pass. Eventually, they have to stop at a gas station. It’s one of the many lighthouses of the highway; a quiet harbor, on the borderline of existence, and somehow oneiric, as all non-places of urban sadness are. The neon Shell sign flickers and buzzes, filling the air with a low, electric hum, and Dean remembers a gas station and glass breaking a few short eternities ago.
The dawn was tranquil and dirty. Dean wiped his hands on his coat and glanced at his watch. It was late at night or very early in the morning, depending how you’d look at it. Which meant that he spent the whole night on vampires instead of getting at least a couple of hours on his much-needed beauty sleep. Fan–fucking–tastic. With a groan he stretched, feeling all his muscles and old injuries protesting boisterously, which had less to do with his weariness and more with the fact that Dean was on the wrong side of forty.
He insisted on going, like many times before; the urge to get out of the house, away from the solid, claustrophobic walls and Jack’s cries, too strong to ignore.
When Dean pulled the car up in the parking lot it was well past four AM. He grabbed the bag of groceries he bought last night before his little encounter with the vamps and got out of the Impala. He shut the door and searched through his pockets to find the key to his and Jack’s room. While putting the key into the lock he was half-hoping that the kid would still be fast-asleep or at least sleepy enough not to question Dean’s absence during the night.
He shifts his arms and adjusts his hold on the baby. A new life surrounded by death and havoc. Dean holds it gently, the way he held his brother so many years ago. Fire surrounded him then, and fire surrounds him now.
Somehow unsurprisingly, the grocery run turns into a blood bath. Dean realizes that they’ll have to hurry; if the angels are this close then it’s just a matter of time before they finally find what they're looking for. He also realizes that the child must have warded itself somehow, probably out of instinct. Not ideally, since the angels felt his power and its proximity, but enough to make the search for him more difficult. If Dean had time, he’d dwell on it and think what exactly the child is able to do.
also, i promise there's gonna be more jack content in the next chapters!! it's just that dean's grief is still so fresh... i felt i have to focus on it here. but yeah, there's more to come. and also, this is officially the longest thing i've written in my life. whew!!
“That… those were angels.” He hears her inhale in disbelief and remembers his own, almost a decade ago.
He approaches Dean later on and doesn’t mention the now cold plate laying on the counter. He sees Dean take an ax from the trunk, and asks if they are really going to do this. It’s Cas, after all. Maybe they could, he doesn’t know, pray? God has brought people back before.
A knock at their door in the later afternoon marks the arrival of an unexpected visitor. Dean walks up the stairs, a beer in his hand, and cracks the door open. To his surprise, Donatello Redfield, the prophet with no soul, stands in front of him, dressed in a light suit and with a fedora on his head. He crosses the threshold and gets straight to the point.
Sam approaches him wordlessly and takes his share of sticks. They build it together, and once they’re finished, Sam goes upstairs to prepare Kelly’s body for the funeral.
There was a time when they would share the cabin, sometimes even the bed. It was a couple of months after the first Croats started appearing, when the situation still seemed controllable, at least to some degree.
hello!! sorry for how long i took to write this. i have a lot of schoolwork and other stuff going on, so i ask for your indulgence.
Cas stared at him for a while. “I suppose you are right, Dean. Still, I can’t help but notice that you seem more weary than usual," He pointed out, a glimpse of concern in his eyes.
Maybe it doesn’t work like that for angels, he thought for a brief moment. But then again, nothing never seemed to work the way it should with him.
The dawn breaks quietly, very professionally unbothered with all that happened. In juxtaposition to the turmoil of the night, it’s so very tranquil. Birds sing carelessly and a light breeze fills the air. Air that some people will never get to breathe again, while
A feeling creeps into his heart. It’s one of those undefined, uneasy thoughts that you get after a dream that’s neither good nor bad. Disorientation mixed with a deep, subconscious knowledge that you forgot about something that should not remain forgotten, and fear, present behind your eyes, that the lost detail will eventually come back and shake you to the core. Dean feels a shiver go down his spine, making his frame tremble, as he realizes that he slept, but has not dreamt at all.
“I woke up and you weren’t here.” He said, a bit of accusation in his voice. Dean swallowed and put the keys and the groceries on the table. “Well, I went shopping.” Not exactly a lie. He glanced at Jack and sighed, for the hundredth time this night. “But fortunately or not, I stumbled upon some of the vamps that we were huntin’. They were kind enough to tell me where the rest of their nest was. I got rid of ‘em. Wanted to call you, but figured that you’d still be asleep.” said Dean in lieu of an apology. Jack was still watching him carefully. For whatever reason Dean felt a little too exposed, as if the kid could see the tiredness in his face and all the wrinkles and shadows around his eyes and actually care about all that. Then Jack’s gaze dropped to his hands, with blood and dirt caked under his nails and with his ragged knuckles which, now in better lightning, were raw and red.
The bunker means familiarity, comfort. Solid walls and a dusty smell; a labyrinth of corridors. It’s a place of the past, a mausoleum of all things lost and regained. A grave for the living, and a home.
Dean barked out a laugh at that; a sharp, unpleasant sound, but a laugh nonetheless. Cas supposed it was still better than most of the things that would come out of Dean’s mouth nowadays.
Dean’s first instinct was to refuse, to remind Cas how little of his grace was left, that they’ll need every last bit of his powers to battle with God, but his words died in his throat when he saw the expression on Cas’ face. Slowly, he shunted his tea and placed his hands flat on the table, right in front of Cas. The angel gazed at him for a second and then, hesitantly, he covered Dean’s palms with his own. Dean’s breath hitched a little, when skin touched skin and Cas’ grace started glowing dimly. Shortly after the pain stopped, and Dean felt his skin rebuilt completely, not leaving any scars in the process. He wanted to shake his hand, mumble a ‘thank you’ to Cas and hide his palms, feeling too exposed.
After Dean emerges from the shower, he mechanically dries his skin, and puts on the softest pajamas he owns in a hopeless attempt to soothe his battered body. Then he heads to Sam’s room, knocks, and when he hears no response, he opens the door, and finds his brother and the baby fast asleep next to each other. It isn’t what it was supposed to be, and Dean is surprised that Sam managed to lull that small abomination to sleep, but he exits the room and closes the door behind him quietly, as not to disturb the sleeping.
, for fuck’s sake. It’s a kid, Dean. It’s an abomination! So was I, remember? That’s different! How?! You weren’t born that way! Dean– Does it have powers? Yes, Dean, I’ve seen his eyes, but– It’s the Antichrist, Sam! He could wipe Chicago with a sneeze! Kelly thought he was good. She’s dead, Sam!
They drive in silence, too exhausted to converse or even listen to the radio. That silence inarms them, weighs down heavily on their shoulders, preempts them from speaking. Disturbing it seems inappropriate; even whispers would resound, loud and obnoxious. Quietness makes their thoughts louder and feelings clearer and closer; it seeps into their hearts and meticulously fishes out the things that hurt, and then pieces them together, like puzzles. Elements fit and the image becomes full; unbearable and obtrusive.
Suddenly he sees, disoriented, from the corner of his eye, that someone is sitting in the front seat. He turns and looks into his own face, which appeared in the place of his father’s, and now bares its teeth, smiling at him the way a wolf smiles at its prey.
The night was quiet; no lights nor vehicles to interfere the peaceful darkness. The camp was obviously still guarded, but no one would dare to come to Cas’ cabin and disturb him when people knew that Dean was inside, too.
He finishes wrapping the body and carries it to the pyre, his shoulders shaking with effort. Sam is already waiting for him.
“That is true,” Cas besmiled faintly. Dean looked at him, meeting his irises filled with affection and found himself sincerely smiling back.
It was moments like this, quiet and peaceful and theirs that made Dean want to cross the line. When he was sure that Sam wouldn’t burst into the room and interrupt them, when he was tired and honest and very much like any three AM version of any human, that is, vulnerable. His feelings and thoughts guarded so scrupulously were now spilling between him and his angel, no boundaries kept. Dean once again was reminded how many emotions other than anger he was able to feel, when with the right people.
Dean kills the engine, frantically exits the car, and looks around once again; a horrible coldness tightening its grip on his heart and mercilessly filling his lungs. The delicate zephyr turns violent and cool; it disrupts the leaves lying on the asphalt and makes them twirl in the air, soughing. A strong feeling of déjà vu creeps into Dean’s mind and reminds him: you didn’t save him then, and you couldn’t save him now.
Dean gasps and rapidly opens his eyes in his bedroom, his entire body shaking and drenched in sweat, and looks up.
He’d seen Dean cry, sometimes, when the hunter couldn’t help it. Dean has always been filled with feelings, bad ones more often than not. Cas always thought that emotions were a dangerous temptation, yet Dean managed to overwhelm Castiel with their strength and sheer beauty. There were good feelings in Dean, too. Love and devotion and undying hope, always painted across Dean’s face, whether he wanted them to be or not. Still, as time passed, those become less and less frequent; tears of joy even rarer than the one brought to Dean’s eyes by sorrow.
Although now that he thinks about it, it was too far away. Maybe it’s something in the Impala. Or maybe he’s just seeing things.
Dean’s exhaustion hit him with a wave of sudden dizziness, lightheadedness caused by both wariness and the outburst of his feelings. He broke the kiss, and looked at Cas, wide-eyed. The angel opened his eyes, and met Dean’s unsure ones. Then he grinned shyly, and squeezed the hunter’s hands.
Sam begins a speech, trying to make his voice soothing, to calm the child down. Or maybe himself. (Or Dean.) It’s all short, concise. He tells all of it as if he were teaching Jack what to say. Dean doesn’t stop him. There’s a thought in the back of his mind, reminding him that if all goes the way he thinks it will, the child will get to attend a lot of funerals in the future.
Then the brothers talk, and this time they’re civil with one another because a new day has come and they realize that screaming won’t change anything. Exhaustion hangs in the air, drowsy, the way it always is in the early hours of morning. It’s like the light that seeps through the window; fresh and soft, but this time it bears no hope.
Sam brings Jack to the kitchen and Donatello takes him with surprising ease; his thick, soft hands skillfully holding the baby with gentleness akin to that of a grandparent. Dean looks silently as Jack stares at Donatello with a gleeful smile on his chubby face, showing the toothless inside of his mouth.
“Well, I suppose the aftermath of lonely hunts does have its perks, doesn’t it?” Asked Castiel, wrapping his arms around the hunter.
Later, Sam and Donatello discuss Jack’s powers as Dean leans against the counter, nursing a tumbler of whiskey, not having anything better to do than to listen. Donatello tells them about his hunches; reassures that Jack is not naturally evil; his aura fresh and neither malicious nor toxic like Lucifer’s. More human than they thought, Sam says. Dean doesn’t want to believe that, but a small, ashamed, and still hopeful part of himself exhales a breath Dean didn’t know it was holding, and it does so with a tiny bit of relief.
(again, i'm not a native speaker and also i'm kinda inexperienced? (like, i'm still a kid :/) so pls don't hesitate to tell me what you think about my work or if there are any grammar/vocabulary mistakes!!)
Warmth swathes him as he enters the darkness of the house, but his senses don’t seem to register it. The lights are probably broken; Dean vaguely remembers a flare-up that made them go out, but he wouldn’t dare to turn them on anyway. He goes upstairs, to Kelly’s room, his jaw stiff from anticipation.
The fight was a splatter movie. Cas has been introduced to horror films quite some time ago, Dean being the one to make him sit in front of a TV. Castiel was aware that movies of this kind had a habit of ending rather pestiferously.
All of that means comfort, as the dream reoccurs every couple of months. It’s a well-known feeling; familiarity in the time of chaos. He welcomes it.
Sam fills the car up, pays, and gets coffee as Dean goes to change Jack. He’s the one to do it; his experience with those kinds of things stretching as far as thirty years back. Jack is much calmer than Sam used to be; he holds still and doesn’t make a sound.
Even after decades of dealing with grief and loss, Dean finds himself unable to let go. But then again, how could one let go of something that was quite literally imprinted onto his skin? Something that touched his soul and didn’t immediately back away. Something that saw him, naked and whole, and decided to stick around, against all odds. And Dean knows; he admits it to himself, finally, after all this time. There will never be anything like that ever again.
There was a thought, a selfish little thought in the back of his mind telling him to call Jack, to tell him to get his ass down here and help his old man with the burial. But that would mean that he would have to wake the boy up and either make him walk all the way here or get into the Impala and drive to the motel to pick Jack up himself and then return to the forest. Both of these options meant too much time wasted just because his back was sore. So, Dean sighed yet again, went in among the trees and started digging.
He looks around, confused. His gaze lands on the rearview mirror and he feels a shiver goes down his spine.
“The bar’s set pretty low,” Dean murmured, his voice raspy, and stretched a little, covering himself with a sheet. His freckled skin looked almost black in comparison with the once-white fabric, now faded due to its age.
When he emerges from the bathroom Sam is already waiting for him in the car, sitting with his head pressed against the headrest of the driver seat. They will have to switch, eventually; Sam will grow too weary to focus on the road ahead of him, and it will be Dean’s turn to grip the steering wheel. He knows he should rest. But his brother gives him coffee, somehow aware that Dean does not intend to sleep, and himself downs two double espressos.
He slowly gets back into the car and rests his shaky palms on the steering wheel as the cogs in his brain spin laboriously. He waits, taking three deep breaths to soothe his heart that flutters in his ribcage.
A horrid thought appears in his mind, a thought telling him to toss the baby into the fire. He doesn’t, and a shudder goes down his spine. A child burning alongside its mother. Another life lost because of him. Sam would never forgive him and too much death has already happened.
“Oh your dad. Give it a bloody rest! I have feelings too you know? Especially since the Hardy Boys injected me with that human juice. Dean is my friend, I was doing what any decent friend would do. All I ask is that he call every now and then so I don’t have to constantly spy on you lot.”
NOTE: I know I put in a reference to Twist and Shout, no harm intended, I love the story, and the song. I am a firm believer that Dean can dig Elvis. Anywhoo this next chapter will no longer be in Sammy’s POV. It will mostly be in Castiel’s. Enjoy the feels!
“Yeah that’s because it’s a gay dude flick. The cowboys are GAY, Cas. There’s barely any chicks in it at all!”
“For one. Remove the coat. And the suit actually. You need comfortable clothes to sleep in, not business wear.”
“I don’t know, I’m going to try something, and if it doesn’t work then I’ll know that I’m still human.”
“Well I guess those little KO’s are helping you recharge better than what we thought eh?” “Good thing too, I’m sure you grew weary of carrying me everywhere. Side’s, now we can go shopping and ‘update’ my wardrobe as you say.” Dean nods groggily and gets up, lending an arm to help the angel off the couch. “Uh yeah definitely. Good night. Oh, never ever tell anybody that I watched The Notebook, or I’ll kill you.” He says smiling at the angel, and it takes him a minute to catch on but when he does he returns the smile. “Who would I tell? I’m your only friend!” A freckled middle finger is extended towards him as he begins to leave the living room he stops. “Come on, don’t make me carry you to your room.” “Dean, that’s not necessary I am perfectly capable of walking
Cas sat on the empty black space and thought about Dean. Beautiful Dean Winchester. He knew that the Winchesters would succeed in saving the world.
“I believe that because we’re soul mates that perhaps I will always hear your prayers, after all when I healed you part of my grace was in that, so I will always be able to hear your prayers.”
He was well enough now, he thought, to leave and be on his own. The last time he was human he did it, he could do it again. Anything would be better than the hollow feeling he had radiating throughout his body causing him to shake.
“It’s been years but they always had good clothes. Good sturdy clothes that last forever.” They walk around for a bit until Dean finds the men section, immediately walking towards the plaid. Cas however does not follow suit and instead walks towards the sweaters with prints. When the hunter turns around to find the angel gone he panics but then he sees the angel’s dark hair in the
The empty had taken Cas. It hurt to think of his best friend and he knew there were more pressing matters at hand, but all he could do was sit and suffer.
“Well. I promised Eileen I would be in bed hours ago. Goodnight lovebirds.” He clapped him on the shoulder as he passed.
Sam looks up from his book again and shrugs it off, “I’ve been reading up on Nephilim-half angel/half humans, and it says that when an angel transitions from being an angel to a human it can take up to two weeks for the vessel to adjust from the lack of grace.” “Okay but it wasn’t like that the last time, well not that we were around for that but he never said anything about it?” “Why would he Dean? It would only make you feel worse about kicking him out of the bunker. Besides Metatron did it and he thought that he was doing Cas a favor, you know letting him live a normal life and all that so he probably took all of that away.” Memories flooded his mind,
“Oh okay, I understand. Excuse me for a moment.” With that the angel was running to the bathroom, but when he got there he just had gas. After releasing it he immediately felt better, until the smell filled the room. He laughed to himself, feeling glad that he had left when he did. The smell was not pleasant but somehow he felt that Dean would have found it humorous. When he returns to the living room Dean is seated waiting on the angel expectantly.
“Let’s go to bed.” Dean got up and brought his angel with him. In one swift motion he was picking Cas up and with a sly grin.
“They do, but he’s going to have the same. You can’t eat burgers forever it’ll give you bad cholesterol and all that.”
a good father. Abuse lined his boyfriend’s childhood, and it was at the core of Dean’s emotional problems.
Sam laughs, “You should have seen the real thing, and it was so annoying. You could cut the sexual tension with a knife. Dean just now grew a pair and admitted to loving the guy. They’re all cuddled up now though, everything is kind of perfect actually.”
Humming in contentment he lays his head on the hunter’s chest, when he feels something vibrating. Dean shifts looking for his phone, finally retrieving it he checks it. “Message from Sammy. Says he met a girl named Jennifer Singer, he wants me to look her up.”
As soon as Dean’s name escaped his lips he heard a flutter of wings. “Sam. What is it? Where is Dean? Is he hurt?” So. Fucking. Gay. The two idiots couldn’t be more in love if they tried. “Dean’s fine.” Cas squinted his eyebrows together and tilted his head before giving him a bitch face. “Then I don’t understand, what is wrong?” “Nothing I just need your help with something, can you do that for me?” “Sure thing, um what do you need?” “Don’t worry. It won’t be too bad. I promise.”
In purgatory he had a beard, sure, but he had never seen the beginning stages of it. He decided it was cute, and that if Cas asked for his assistance in shaving he would say no. Cas moves slightly on his chest and mumbles something incoherent. When he does it again, Dean hears it.
Unlatching his mouth from the angel’s neck, he marvels at the bruise already forming there. Moving his attention to the angel’s face he smiles wickedly. “See there? It’s not nice to tease, now is it?” He drops Cas to the floor and begins to walk towards his room, expecting his angel to follow him.
“What’s up Sammy?” “So get this, I might have found a way to reverse whatever it is that thing did to Cas. We’ll discuss it more after I do some more research I think Bobby had a few books on it somewhere but they’re in the archives in Sioux Falls. So road trip?” “I don’t think Cas is well enough to leave here on his own, but if you want to take one of the cars and hit the road go ahead. Just be careful and don’t take any cases without me. Okay?” Sam nods “Sure, so uh are you watching
Dean had to admit, this movie was actually pretty good. He’d never would have expected that they would
Dean pulls away shaking his head, “Dad. Don’t. You did the best you could, and in the end we killed the son of a bitch that killed Mom and Jessica.”
“Dean. I’m not an angel anymore.” He said this looking down and tries to wiggle free of Dean’s arms.
“No buts. I don’t know why you’re so worried about it anyways, you’re going to skip to the fifth grade and you’re only eight.”
Dean blushes and squints. “I’m still playing catch up on how you’re out of the pit. Why would Crowley just give away your soul?”
. Dean doesn’t pick him up, but instead throws an arm around his shoulders and hoist him up. Slowly they walk to his room, but Dean stops at his own door instead. After helping Cas sit on the bed he goes to his dresser and pulls out a Metallica t-shirt and plaid pajama pants. “What is the Winchester’s fascination with plaid?” “I have no clue, if you want to sleep in the trench coat be my guest I just thought these would be more comfortable.” “It is. Thank you Dean.” Getting up from the bed slowly he takes the clothes from Dean. “Not so fast tiger, you’re still a little wobbly.” He sighs loudly, “fine.” Once again linking his arm around the angel’s shoulder he helps him down the hall.
“Edna? Nah, she said I remind her of her grandson. I eat here when I can, it’s kind of a little get away. Not a lot traffic comes through here. I’m amazed they’ve stayed open so long.” Cas hums in agreement, he never knew Dean came here, and he
“I’m touched, my boys are all grown up and happy to beat all. I’m so proud, and as nice as this all is, I’m beat. Is there an extra room where I can crash?”
“Dean.” “Cas? You’re alive?” “Yes, very much so, alive and human. Is Sam okay?” “You heard my prayer.” “A little bit, since I’m human the signal is broken but I heard Sam, so I figured he was in danger.” “He’ll be fine, he couldn’t finish the trials because it would have killed him. I know it was selfish but I couldn’t let him do it. I’m sorry.” “Dean, don’t be. We can figure out another way, I’m the one who should apologize, I’m useless now. I don’t even know what’s going on, my stomach is growling and I have this dry taste in my mouth.” “Cas, you’re human now, that means eating, sleeping and staying hydrated. Where are you?” “I’m at a Gas N Sip somewhere, I’m not sure where.” “Okay, grab a newspaper and look at the title.” “Okay, hold on.” Leaving the phone dangling he went inside to look at the newspaper, he ran back outside. “I’m in Holland, Ohio. What do I do? I don’t have enough money for a hotel Dean.” “Stay there, I’ll come get you, I’m about an hour or two out from there but I can’t go until Sam wakes up. So sit tight.” “I can come to you Dean. I can figure out how to hot wire a car.” “No, you’re human now and that means you can feel pain so sit tight. I’ll come get you.” “I’ll just wait here then.” “And Cas?” “Yes Dean.” “Lay low until I get there, who knows what’s after you right now.” “You’re right, thank you Dean.” “Steal a car to sleep in tonight and drive it somewhere off the reserve that’s close to the Gas N Sip. Use that money to buy yourself some food and water. I’ll call you when I’m on the road, okay?” “Okay.” “Bye.” He hung up quickly to hide the sob trying to escape his throat.
A deal had been made, that’s what it always came down to. It seemed to be one of the few ways any of the Winchesters showed love. Cas had obviously picked up on this toxic habit and made it his very own swan song.
“The bunker is reasonably chilly so I think it is suitable to wear. What do you think?” He’s holding a blue sweater with black stripes, it suits him, and he can’t lie.
, Castiel. There is a difference. Abaddon created them to mindlessly follow her and after her death I had them all slaughtered, it seems I missed the most important one though, the leader, until today. It brought me you, thinking to redeem itself and once again be known in Hell, but I had him killed immediately and you brought here. To my chambers.”
There are tears in Dean’s eyes and he grabs Cas’s arms around him and scoots closer to his angel, laying his head on the angel’s chest.
John stuck out his hand and he took it, giving a strong shake. “I’ve heard a lot about you John Winchester, your fate was planned for years on end. You’re a very important man, bringing life to your sons is an important job. I’m honored to meet you.”
Girl was a professional he had to admit, but he doubted she had the skills to get past their security system.
Cas, however has other plans in mind. If Dean wanted to play games, then so did he. “Dean wait.” He turns around, quirking an eyebrow up at his angel. Cas nearly tackles the hunter and lays them down on the hallway floor so that he is sitting on Dean’s stomach. “Cas? As much as I like this position, you’re not exactly light mmf” his sentence is interrupted by Cas grabbing his face and kissing him fiercely.
“You’re a mean tease” he says as the angel wraps his arms around the hunter. Kissing his light hair, Cas chuckles “We’ll see about that.”
“It’ll pass. Do you want some tea to help you fall asleep? There’s a root I can use to help block out any unwanted dreams. It helped a lot after…” He looked uncomfortable with whatever he was about to say.
A hunt gone wrong led him to kneeling on the ground crying over the angel’s broken body. No matter how hard he screamed and cried the angel wasn’t coming back. Not this time. Holding the angel’s bloody face in his hands he cries over his best friend’s body.
Dean throws back his head and groans. Cas then takes the opportunity to kiss the hunter’s freckled throat, the hunter parts his lips and sighs. After several minutes of Cas licking and exploring his hunters neck Dean threads his hands through the dark hair. He pulls the angel’s mouth back to his. Their lips move in sync and tongues begin to clash. When both begin to breathe a little heavier they stop and Cas looks at Dean with lust blown eyes, all of the blue is gone. Filled in its place, longing.
“Earlier. When it went to pitch black, the thing was back but Crowley saved me” Dean interrupts him.
“The thing, it was back, and it-it” He’s shaking, he can barely finish the thought, let alone the sentence. “What?” “Dean.” Sam nods in understanding, “You were screaming his name. Did it kill him?” Cas nods his head yes barely able to move other than the tremors his body is giving off. “Hey-hey. It’s okay. Dean’s alive. I’m alive. You’re alive. Whoever is up there, clearly likes us. I don’t think any of us are going anywhere anytime soon. But we’ll keep a close eye like we always do.” Still clearly shaken up Cas doesn’t respond, his eyes are hollow and empty showing how broken he is. His breathing becomes heavy and labored and soon he is having a panic attack. Sam quickly grabs him and rocks him back and forth “Hey-hey calm down. Shh. Everything is fine. Just breathe.” Breathing in and out is all he can focus on right now. “In. Out. In. Out. There you go. Sh. Hey. You’re okay, everybody’s fine, look we can go see Dean right now if you want.” “Yes-yes I think that will help. Thank you Sam.”
“Relax, I’m only kidding, do you think I could afford a car like this? No way, I hijacked it from a prep school kid.”
This time would be different because the big bad was God himself. Chuck had only offered one solution and it wasn’t a pretty picture. Sam would have to kill him and vice versa. They refused initially but now what choice did they really have?
Ugh Castiel we are on the road. Sam’s going to a motel until I get you. Did you get that? Sam Motel. Me. You. Road. Soon. Okay? Figuring that was all it took he shrugged and hoped it worked, realizing one of these days he’d have to give the ex-angel a cell phone. “There’s motel up the road, Dean.” “I know, I told you I’m going to get you some soup first.” He turned into the parking lot and parked, before saying “You coming in or do you want one of those scooter things?” “Please. You’re older than me.” He shrugged, it was true, not that he would let it stop him from being independent. Besides, 40 was old in hunter years as it was and he was getting close. “Dude I’m 36. Not that old.” When they had finally found all the soup that Sam would choke down, most of it was vegetable surprise? None. “Alright, you have your soup and Gatorade. Go lay down, and watch some porn. Just be done before I get back.” “Same goes for you lover boy.” Jesus, he was not giving up on this. Not replying he left him in the room with his gun and extra phone. Cas. You there man? I’m on my way to Ohio right now. Ohio. Me. You. If that could get through the angel radio he’d be set. For the rest of the ride he repeated what he thought were key words in his prayer to the angel. When he saw the sign for Holland.
But somehow the end of the world put things back into perspective. They had faced this type of battle many times over before. It wasn’t uncommon for one of them or all of them to face a blow that was fatal. Yet, they were always brought back together. Always.
Immediately upon pressing play the movie opened up to a group of guys, what resembled to be ‘tough’ guys. They all began to shoot of their weapons and he knew that no matter how hard he tried he was
“Yeah of course, sorry Sam, I know I must be acting like a crazed fan, it’s just exciting. There are so many rumors about you boys. Boys, sorry.
Damn, poor girl must have had it worse than he thought. A flash of sympathy graces his face, softening his expression.
Kissing Dean was different than anything he had ever experienced. It was soft yet firm, warm and gentle. He wasn’t sure if he was doing it right, trying to breathe out of his nose instead of into Dean’s mouth or onto his face.
“Most people say thank you, but I expect those kind of grade f manners from you angel lot. I’ll have you brought home soon, tell Dean his bestie says hello.”
Dialing Dean’s number he awaits to hear his brother’s voice on the other end. Castiel’s voice booms through the phone instead, muffled “Dean a little busy at the mo-moment.” He can hear movement on the other end of the line and a small sigh from the angel. With a click the line goes dead.
Deciding to use that to his advantage he removes his own boxers and slides their cocks together to create friction. Now he is panting as well, and Cas’s mouth on his neck does not help him contain himself.
“Take my hand. Take my whole life too. For I can’t help falling in love with you. For I can’t help falling in love with you.”
trying to get to Allie. After the nurse goes downstairs, he finds Allies room and goes inside. Bad move man. You’re gonna get busted. “Noah?” Guess not. They hold hands and fall asleep peacefully. “I’ll be seeing you.” The song plays. They’re dead. Not even caring that he broke his own rule, he cries openly. Cas is a weeping mess beside him, and he pulls the angel into his side. “Why the hell did you make me watch that? These things are supposed to end
Harry was a very good dog, considering he was still a puppy and needed a lot of training. Sam liked the dog well enough to let him sleep at the foot of his bed curled up beside his feet. He would make a good guard dog someday, perhaps, so far he loved everybody he met. Even Dean, and Dean hated dogs. It probably had something to do with being teared to shreds by hellhounds before he was sent to hell. No doubt. Sam got up and stretched, before looking around for Harry’s leash. This morning they would go on a test run together, hopefully the pup could keep up. He didn’t exactly run fifty miles an hour but he tried to keep up a fast pace. Aha there it is, right next to the bowl… Maybe he should feed the dog first, he poured some dog food into the bowl and the pup’s ears immediately shot up. Soon he was eating the food and wagging his tail, content with his new home. “Come on boy, we’re gonna go running.” Clipping the leash onto Harry he walked out of the room, and grabbed an apple to eat before running. “Sam? Where are you going?” He turned to face the familiar angel, “Harry and I are going to go running. You can come if you’d like. Although I think Dean would miss you seeing how you’re only in your boxers…” Cas blushed “Oh, my apologies,*snap* better? Yes Dean would miss me but he’s fast asleep. Shouldn’t be up for hours, what are you doing with Harry?” Sam raised his eyebrows “Um yeah, it’s fine, but um no I’m good and I’m going to bring him with me for some bonding. Go back to bed. Enjoy it while it lasts.” “Sam, you miss the blonde lady. Don’t you? I know it brings you great sorrow to think of her. Jessica? Correct? And Amelia? These people were of great significance to you, I know, but I can tell you, they aren’t your soulmates. Your soulmate is still out there. I just wanted you to know.” “Thanks Cas, but how did you know about Jess and Amelia? Did Dean tell you?” “Yes and no, he told me about Amelia but I’ve seen these women in your head, I know now that it was wrong to pry into your thoughts and I apologize. As the Winchester’s guardian angel I felt it primitive to watch over your mental health as well as your physical.” He knew he felt somebody watching him, and Dean had called him paranoid. Oh well. “It’s k man I know you weren’t being nosey. But yes I do miss them, every day. Especially now that Dean and you are together, I mean before we were both single and I didn’t feel so bad. I’m happy for you two believe me, but now I feel like I’m the bridesmaid from 27 dresses. Always a bridesmaid, never a bride. Except I wouldn’t want to be a bride, just never mind. Thanks man, I’m better now that I have Harry.” “I thought he would help, Dean mentioned you liked dogs, and well they are lovable creatures. Not as lovable as my tiny pigs though.” “Yeah, have fun with that man, I’m going running, see ya later.” Cas walked back to the room to cuddle with Dean before he woke up and noticed the absence of warmth. As Sam left the bunker, Harry in hand, he thought about how he had planned a future with Jess in college. He was going to be a lawyer, her a nurse, and they would get married and have kids someday. They talked about having a little girl, and naming her Mary after his mother. If they had a boy they would name him Dean, after his brother. Jess didn’t mind, she loved the names and knew it made him happy. Dammit if he didn’t miss her gorgeous smile every day. It had been a long time since he had allowed himself to think about her for this long, but now that time had passed he allowed himself to grieve properly. The healthy way. If they had kids he had always hoped that they would look like her, beautiful in every way. Harry’s barking brought him back into the real world. “What is it boy?” “Your dog is cute, what’s his name?” Sam looked up at the woman sporting a pit bull on a walker leash, she was tall, freakishly tall like Sam, and in fact he was only an inch taller than her. Huh, this was new. She had dirty blonde hair and brown eyes, her pale skin was a little red giving way that she had spent some time outside. “Harry, actually I just got him yesterday. Aren’t pit bulls illegal in Kansas?” The woman frowned at him, “Pit bulls are not illegal and they’re not dangerous. All dogs have the potential to be dangerous it all depends on their owners. Her name is Sally…What’s your name?” She had sass, he had to admit, “Sam, Sam Winchester, you?” “Sally, I just said that. Oh” “Sally it’s nice to meet you. What’s your pup’s name?” It was his turn to be sassy and apparently she liked it because she smiled, “Her name is lucky.” He bent down to pet lucky, “Hi lucky. You’re just a cute attack dog aren’t you?!” “Hmf, well yours has really big ears.” Getting up he tilted his head, “Uh yeah, Harry’s a beagle, they tend to have big ears. They’re hunting dogs.” “So I guess that means you’re a hunter then huh?” “Sort of, not in the conventional way, no. I only hunt when necessary, I don’t believe in killing for sport though, no. I actually prefer vegetables myself.” So he just told a complete stranger way to much about himself, but she looked harmless enough. He was sporting his gun and demon knife anyways just in case. Harry barked, before peeing on the side of the road. “Good boy, who’s a good boy?” Sam gave the dog a treat and patted him on the head. “House training, are we?” Sighing he stood up, “Yes. Now if you’ll excuse me Harry and I were going for a run.” “Great, us too. Maybe we’ll see you around huh big guy?” She winked before running away. Damn this girl was forward, and sassy. Not wanting to seem like a creep and watch her ass as she ran away he turned towards the opposite direction, “Come on boy.” What the hell, who did she think she was? He’d never thought himself to be ugly, but he’d never been hit on like that before. Dean was always the one women were coming up to and flirting with. He liked to think the type of women he liked had more respect for themselves than that, and yet he couldn’t get this gorgeous tall women out of his mind. Her eyes reminded him of honey. They were a light brown that he had never seen before. Dude, creepy. He really needed to get laid, it had been awhile and he was definitely needing more than a dog in his bed at night. Maybe he would go to a bar tonight, yeah sure that was totally going to happen. Not. If only he could be like Dean and just fall into bed with any woman and leave her the next morning. He had done it before but he was soulless and numb from escaping the cage in hell. Never again had he fallen into bed with a random stranger and not bothered to call her again. Besides, he had a bad track record with his dates. 90% of them had wound up dead. He didn’t like putting those odds on a person, instead he just ran every morning and jerked one off in the shower afterwards when he actually had time to, that is. It’d be nice if he had a woman to do that for him from time to time he had to admit. Sometimes he wished he hadn’t stabbed Ruby, she was after all the best sex he had ever had. It was so raw and pure, it was nothing but physical attraction, and that is what always drove him over to the edge. That and the blood lust that was there was also a big turn on. Kind of like a vampire thing. Weird. Now he’d give his left nut to pin her up against a wall again, and just take her then and there. Each time they fucked it was a new experience, she even tied him up once. Hell she was a freak in so many ways. Shit, he was getting hard thinking about the demon, which is what she is Sam, a demon. Get your shit together Winchester. He thought about Dean and Cas in bed and whew it’s down. Thank God he didn’t have to go very far with that train of thought. He ran as he listened to it had to be you on his iPod, he knew that damn song would get stuck in his mind. It was a good song though, catchy and it had good lyrics to it. As he reached a picnic table at a park he stopped and sat down drinking his water. Stopping only to give Harry some from the cap. “Are you following me?” Shit he recognized the voice of the lady from earlier. “No, I can leave though if you’d like. I actually went the opposite way so it wouldn’t seem like I was a creep…”  “I know. I watched your ass as you ran, but this park is in the middle, both roads kind of come full circle to it. I did enjoy watching you be a gentlemen though. Nice ass. 10 out of 10. I can tell you work out.” What the hell, this woman was really forward. “Thanks, I think?” He rolled his eyes and took a granola bar out of his pocket and paused his still playing music. “Sinatra eh? Either you must really love that eighties movie my parents named me after or you’re just a nerd. So which is it? My guess is both.” Looking up at her honey eyes he sighed, “Listen, I don’t know you, you don’t know me, for all you know I could be a complete psychopath. Word of advice lady? Don’t share information with random strangers okay?” “Jesus, I was just being friendly and we’re not strangers. You’re Sam Winchester, you told me your name, which means no longer strangers in my rule book.” “Sally, okay Sally who?” “Names Sally Singer. I’m a teacher at Lawrence High School, vegan and a liberal. Nice to meet you.” Singer? Bobby had a kid? Don’t get too crazy now, there are a lot of Singers out there. He was sure she wasn’t related to Bobby. Sam and Dean were the only kids Bobby ever had, that he knew of anyways. “Nice to meet you too, are you related to Bobby Singer by any chance?” “Never heard of him. Name sounds familiar though. What’s it to you?” “Nothing, I used to know him. He passed awhile back.” A look of sadness washed over Sally’s face. “I’m sorry for your loss, so how long have you had Harry here?” Didn’t he tell her he just got him? “I just got him last night, I thought I mentioned it earlier?” He had, he was sure of it. “Yeah, probably, but I was probably too busy looking at your sexy face.” This woman had no shame, what so ever. “Sorry if that makes you uncomfortable, I uh guess you don’t get that often, huh? You should though, you’re very handsome.” He blushed, he hadn’t heard it that often, most people just made remarks about his height or hair. A few said he was handsome, but mostly it was his older brother who received all those comments. “No, but thank you. You’re not bad looking yourself…” She smiled at him before sitting down next him, and saying “So you’re not a psychopath or anything right? I couldn’t help but notice you said something about that earlier…” “Um, no. At least I don’t think so.” “Good” was all she said before grabbing his hand to write a number on it. “There’s my number, shoot me a text sometime if you ever want to bump uglies in the night or want to just talk about dogs and what not.” She winked at him before getting up and jogging away Lucky in hand. “Thanks. I’ll think about it.” Sure enough there was a number on his hand with a winky face next to it. Dean would love to hear about this, if he wasn’t too occupied that is. On the run home he thought about Sally, how bold she was. How different and exciting she seemed to be. Never had he been with anybody close to that, he always chose steady and safe, except for Ruby but she was a demon. That whole relationship was unsafe. Which added to the thrill of it, but this girl was even more exciting than Ruby. Sally was exciting in a new way, whereas Ruby was only dangerous and exciting in a physical manner. Great, now he was going to be thinking about her again. Dean and Cas, Dean and Cas. Whew his hard on was gone. That’d be hard to explain, ha hard. Okay Dean, something that immature was something his brother would laugh at not him. He had his moments though, but unlike the older Winchester he kept them inside his head, which wasn’t always a good thing. “Sammy, is that you?!” “Yeah Dean, just getting back from a run with Harry. What’s that smell?” His brother stood in a pink frilly apron with a roller in hand, he couldn’t help but laugh. “Dude, you going domestic on me?” “Can it. It doesn’t look any more ridiculous than Cas’s does. I mean it has bees on it.” “So? Bees aren’t pink and frilly. What are you cooking now?” Castiel appeared from the kitchen in a yellow apron with tiny insects scattered across it, “We’re baking a pie” he said before grinning up at his boyfriend. Eck. “Get a room. You two are to lovey dovey, you’re making me sick! If you start using pet names and calling each other Dean Weeny and stuff I’ll hurl.” They both frowned before looking at each other and saying “Pumpkin and sweetie pie” to each other. “Hey what’s that on your hand? Ooh Sammy has a number!” Shit, he had forgotten to put that in his phone and wash it off. “I met a girl while running. Very bold, you’d like her. Not my type though, she’s too straight forward. Said she watched my ass as I ran away. Weird right?” The angel turned his head, “Not at all, many women look at guy’s buttocks a lot. It seems to be attractive to them, I can understand why.” His brother turned around and squeezed the shorter man’s ass before saying “Yeah you can” with a sly smirk. “Dean, we’re making Sam uncomfortable.” “So?” “He’s right it’s making me super uncomfortable. I’d tell you to get a room again, but if the fire alarm goes off again I’m not cleaning it up.” They walked into the kitchen and said “We’re not, chill man. Eat some pie. It makes everything better.” On the counter was sitting several pies. “Dude, how many pies did you guys bake?” “I made a Pecan Pie but he said he wanted Apple, and so we baked an Apple, then he wanted cherry, and so on. I think he just likes pie in general, but you knew that.” Dean smiled, “I freaking love pie, but I just like seeing flour on Cas’s nose. It’s incredibly cute.” Dammit they were doing it again, they were so adorable it made him sick. Love sick. He wanted somebody to share looks with like that. Somebody to call his own. Pull it together Winchester, you sound like a teenage girl, and he was a grown man who didn’t need anybody. “You okay man? Seriously you seem a little down lately, do you need a stripper or something?” He rolled his eyes, “No. I’m fine, and whatever is going on can’t be fixed by a one night stand and some pasties. I’m just lonely I guess.” Lonely, horny, and starved for some affection, all of which a dog could not give him. “I know man, I was just trying to cheer you up. Are you really that lonely? I thought the dog would cheer you up. I’m sorry about me and Cas, I just love him so much. And for so long I hid how I feel so now I’m just overwhelmed with showing it.” He only looked at Sam for the first half of what he was saying, the rest of the time he was looking at the angel with heart eyes. “It’s not your fault, and I don’t expect you to stop or anything, I’m just jealous. Harry is great by the way, he’s helped a lot. He’s just not the same as a woman in your arms, you know?” “Yeah, okay Sammy. Well why don’t you give the girl that was eyeing your ass a call? She seemed to like you, huh?” Laughing, he replied “Uh yeah, she does. Her name is Sally Singer. Weird right? Oh and she’s tall, like only an inch shorter than me.” “Any relation to Bobby?” “No, she said she wasn’t but that the name sounded familiar.” “Sounds fishy, if you date her she better pass the tests first. You know the drill.” “Dude, not everybody is out to get us you know.” “We’re the Winchesters, of course they are.” With that he left the conversation, heading towards the letterman’s shower. “Uh, you going to leave Harry to wander the bunker like that man?” Sam yelled back to Dean, “Yeah! I figured you guys could babysit, it’ll be great practice for the future!” He could hear Cas chuckling in the background, “It’s true Dean, Harry is in good hands. I can watch over him.” Reaching the shower he peeled off his clothes, the letterman’s shower was amazing. It was just what he needed to relieve the stress, he might even be able to take a bath. Feeling the hot water on his sweaty skin he washed all the dirt and sweat away. His mind wandered away to the past year, it had been a crazy one. Mark of Cain, Dean as a demon, Cas being human, for once, he was the normal one. Charlie. He still hated himself for her death, and blamed it entirely on himself. This wasn’t healthy, he knew it, but he missed her terribly. All the women in his life were cursed, they all faced their death too soon. Amelia had probably faced the same fate… He didn’t stay on that thought too long, it hurt too much. She was alive and well, hell she was married. Quit. You need to leave the past in the past, it isn’t healthy to dwell on things. Rolling his shoulders he massaged his temples as he let the hot water flow down his back. When his hands began to wander he didn’t stop them, he let himself have this time to release himself. He deserved it after all. Hardly ever did he pleasure himself, most days he just showered and did what he needed to do for the case they were working. Usually there wasn’t any time for this, but since the Mark of Cain had been removed things were quite. They were taking a siesta for a while, so it seemed. Not that he minded any. They all needed this break. His mind didn’t have to travel very far, he imagined Sally grabbing him and having her way with him. Never had he been one for kinks, but he liked how pushy she was. In fact, he could be pushy too. Closing his eyes, he thought of pressing her against a wall and claiming her for his own personal use. Her honey eyes looking at him with lust as lightly choked her while kissing his way down her nice breasts. They were large and he had tried not to stare earlier but he couldn’t help but notice how nice and full they were in the right places. If she was here he would pay as much attention as he could to her breasts, taking time to suck on each nipple until it drove her to insanity. That would show her who was in charge. His mouth was starting to become dry at the thought and his dick was aching to be stroked and not just touched. Running his large hand up and down his length, he squeezed gently while he thought about Sally’s mouth on his balls. He just knew that she would be amazing at sucking dick, she had the perfect mouth for it. Pouty and cupid shaped lips that looked great around his cock. Closing his eyes again he thought about her taking in all of nine inches of his dick, swallowing as she did so to create some friction against his throbbing dick. Fuck-k he was going to cum soon, he could feel the coil in his stomach tightening as he gave his dick a few more pumps imagining it was her mouth the whole time. “God.” Finally he came all over the shower walls and felt himself relax, that was what he needed. Some mono-e-mono alone time. He cleaned off the shower wall and grabbed a towel to dry off. If he knew when he met Sally that he would jack himself off to her later, he would have gotten a better view of her ass, however he was trying to be a gentlemen. An attempt that went to shit apparently, because she was not concerned about being a ‘lady’. Not that he cared, he liked it. She was all lady in his mind. He definitely couldn’t run into her again now, because all he’d be thinking about is her nice mouth on his dick. Fuck. He was going to get hard again if he didn’t stop, he had stuff to do anyways. Shaking out his wet hair he put on fresh clothes before stepping out of the bathroom. “Feel better?” Damn angels. “Yes, I do. Thanks for watching Harry.” The angel smiled at him with a knowing look and smirked a bit. “Don’t be an ass.” “I don’t know what you’re talking about Sam, I only know that I distinctly heard my father’s name. Dean explained to me what that means when people say that before releasing semen.” Jesus, he forgot how literal this guy took everything. “Cas, shut up. Just forget it. Okay? I was taking care of a few things.” “Yes. I’m aware of this. Harry is fine by the way. He and Dean are asleep on the couch.” What? Dean hated dogs. “Uh? Really, you know he hates dogs’ right?” He’d have to see this for himself. Walking into the living room he saw the unthinkable. What the hell was going on with his brother? Guess he actually was going domestic. Dean was asleep with Harry curled up by his stomach with the remote in one hand and the other on the puppy. On the floor was discarded pie, he must have been too full to finish it because he never wasted pie, ever. “Isn’t he just the cutest?” the angel asked stroking his hunter’s hair. “Yeah sure.” When he left he could hear Cas humming an Elvis song, “But I can’t help falling in love with you.”
Cas returns to his previous position and Dean sighs, he says “I’ll do it later” and lays his cheek against the dark hair. Forty five minutes later they’re both sleeping lightly in the chair when the king of hell appears.
Suddenly another Dean appeared. This one, different. Off putting and cold. He knew that wasn’t his Dean.
“Okay, put it in the basket, and yeah buddy. I have a tape in the car by them, we’ll listen to it on the way home if you want. I think the song you’re talking about is on there.”
Fragile and soft hands were in his hair, pushing it away from his face. She pulled his face up to look at her squarely.
Holding Gabe in his arms he felt at home, and now Dean and Cas were going to have babies. This was the life he always wanted, of course he never would have guessed it would be in this manner. However, he knew that Gabe was his soulmate, all of his sass and wit was what drew him to Sally in the first place, but after he revealed that it was Gabe, he knew immediately. He knew that they belonged together, nuzzling his neck into Gabe’s he smiled.
“Dean?” Walking back to the living room he sees Cas with a pained look on his face. “I have to urinate. I tried to get up but it’s still painful.” “Right, okay will just don’t pee on me okay?” “No promises.” Dean knows he’s lying, but he still holds the angel away from his body as if he was a smelly baby. “You really are a baby in a trench coat. Speaking of, you need a new wardrobe, not that I don’t dig the account look but that can’t be
She smiles at him and tilts her head before nodding in understanding. “I’ve heard about him, he saved your brother right? No wonder they’re in love. That’s the greatest love story ever told. An angel rescues a human, falls for him, and then falls from heaven for the human. It’s very romantic and beautiful.”
Very carefully he peels the angel off of him and puts him to the side of his bed. He walks slowly and quietly out of the room to the closest bathroom but runs into Sam with his duffel.
A quick flash of Dean having a nightmare made him sad for a second when he stopped to think about what was said. Dean Winchester loved him and wanted to be with him.
“Great,” he smiles at her remembering a bar down the road. “I think there’s a bar up the road. They have good fries.”
Sam walked into the living room and flipped on the TV, an old movie was playing but it was an hour in. He decided to grab some beers out of the fridge and eat some more pizza, he’d run it off in the morning during his morning jog. As he flipped through the channels he landed on an old 80’s movie that was just starting. “You say potato, I say pot-tato,” huh When Harry met Sally was playing and he’d never seen it before. It looked good enough to stare at for a few hours to distract him. It looked like a romantic comedy but he didn’t much care, Dean was too busy to tease him right now anyways. Meg Ryan was in it and he had always liked her in other films he’d seen. These two are totally going to end up together. It’s classic, if not predictable. Oh wait, he’s dating her friend, but I’m sure that won’t stop them; besides there both going to be in NYC. Wait, why are they going separate ways? Jesus this movie was going all over the place. They didn’t even part as friends. That movie they were talking about sounded familiar, Casablanca. He was sure he had at least seen it once. Dammit he was never going to figure out where he had seen it, if he had even seen it. Dad. John Winchester used to hum the tune from the movie all the time, he said he loved it as a kid. Huh, and yet him and Dean had never watched it. Oh well, wait is that Leia? It’s totally Princess Leia from Star Wars. Man had she gotten old, still hot though. Finally they were meeting again, perfect timing too they had both just been dumped. Well sort of. Yes, wait what? Friends? Alright, so it was like Dean and Cas’s story. Ugh. He was happy for them, he was, but he was also extremely jealous. It had been awhile since he had somebody to hold in his arms and make him feel like he belonged again. So they’re going on a date with each other’s best friends, maybe it’ll work out. When it didn’t he wasn’t surprised just exhausted, when would these two finally admit their feelings for each other? Jesus Christ this was just like his brother and the damn angel. Why couldn’t he get an angel of his own?? Course they had all fallen now, and there was no way he would ever trust one besides Castiel anyways. Snap, they just had a fight, but they fixed it just as soon as it happened. Must be nice. Suddenly Harry was comforting Sally, oho so this is how they would end up together. This would not end well. “It had to be you. It had to be you, I wandered around, and finally found, and somebody who- could make me be true…It had to be youu.”  As Frank Sinatra’s melody played through the TV, Sam sighed, great now he would never get this damn song out of his head. Harry and Sally had to be together, he was sure that Harry would make some long romantic speech about Sally. Sure enough there he was saying, “I love that you get cold when it’s 71 degrees out. I love that it takes you an hour and a half to order a sandwich. I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you’re looking at me like I’m nuts. I love that after I spend the day with you, I can still smell your perfume on my clothes. And I love that you are the last person I want to talk to before I go to sleep at night. And it’s not because I’m lonely, and it’s not because it’s New Year’s Eve. I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.”  Damn that was the cheesiest and sweetest thing he had seen, he was turning into a sap. “It had to be you” he hummed as he got up to go towards his room. “Sam? Why are you still awake?” Cas said before looking at the younger Winchester. “Hey, I uh couldn’t sleep so I was watching some TV. Dean still asleep?” The angel nodded and looked at him with sorrow, “Sam, thank you for being so kind. My brothers were never so supportive. Except Gabriel and well he has a habit of fake dying on me.” Gabriel. Stupid bastard. He’d hated him ever since he gave him a million Tuesdays that were unbearable. He knew now that he was trying to teach him a lesson, but this teaching method needed some serious adjustment. “Goodnight Cas, I’m going to go running in the morning, will you make sure Dean doesn’t flip his shit? I just need some alone time every now and then.” The angel nodded and laughed before saying “Sam, there is somebody out there for you as well, you deserve to be happy.” He only chuckled and smiled at the fallen angel. “Thanks buddy.”
Once again, Cas is weeping. Never had he heard the hunter speak about him like that. Honestly, he thought that every time he heard the phrase “I need you” it was because of his celestial powers. Not because of him. Now he knew, Dean did love him, he was just confused about it as much as he was.
The sky was beginning to look like a meteor shower, Sam was in bad shape but could tell that something chaotic was happening. “What’s going on?” he groaned, “The angels. They’re falling.” Cas. I could feel my heartbeat begin to speed up and Sam looked worse and worse. “Cas!” No answer. “Cas!” I began to pray silently as I yelled out for the angel. Cas, wherever you are, I need you here. Sam is in real bad shape and and the angels there falling. Have you fallen? Oh god Cas, be careful wherever you are. Silence filled the air, Sam had passed out now and he began to scream “Castiel!” He couldn’t lose his brother and his best friend all in one day. Picking his brother up, he put him in the Impala and drove him to the hospital. Carrying him into the waiting room he yelled for the final time that night.
“Oh. Okay.” Cas frowned, he didn’t particularly like violent movies and he figured as much that it was due to the title. The movie was sure to include violence, cowboys, sexual encounters, and bloodshed,
Sam must have turned it on because while he liked the band he never listened to it with other people around. It reminded him of his early childhood too much.
“Thank you for helping me Dean, I’m not used to dreams, much less sleeping in all. You helped a lot. I’ll find some way to repay you, I promise.”
“Uh yeah Cas, I’ll show you, and from now on you can practice with me. Eh?” backing Cas up to the bed he crawls over him, smiling down at his angel.
Heading out he walks towards the classic car he took from the bunker’s collection. Unlocking the doors he motions for her to get in but she remains still. “That thing? Really? I never took you to be a car junky. I know Bobby was but damn.” She walks towards her blue Prius and motions for him to get in.
He sighed and thought of Jack instead. Jack. So young and hopeful. Why wouldn’t he come and rescue him? Perhaps he had offended his adopted son in some way…
Once again he was crying, not caring this time if it angered the hunter. What he didn’t expect was Dean to be crying as well, still not letting go of his door. He looked mad.
“Well isn’t this bloody adorable?” Walking up to the couple he grins as realization washes over the hunter. His whole body becomes rigid, and his hold on Cas becomes tighter.
Taken aback and oblivious Cas doesn’t understand why Dean is so upset. “What’s wrong Dean? It said it was a cowboy romance. Nowhere did it say ‘chick flick’.”
“Insecurity mostly. But none of that matters, what matters is that we’re together now, and if you want to take it slow then fine. I can’t promise that I’m going to keep my hands off of you though, now that I get to look and touch at you all I want, I’m never going to stop.
He goes to her flank, preparing for any trouble they may run into. After giving the all clear, he shows her where to get the blood. Pointing to a vein in a dead woman’s neck. “This vein right here remains intact the longest with the best blood.” Drawing enough blood to kill an alpha they leave soon after.
Minutes of wiggling and huffing, he finally settled into a position. Turns out he snored, very loudly at that, but it didn’t bother him.
Mouth agape, he shakes his head, “Alright that’s it. Before Sammy gets back you’ll have tasted every type of pie and cake out there. Deal?”
“Easier that way, I don’t want you spilling stuff everywhere and getting sticky, that is no picnic my friend.” The substance is very sticky so he understands why the hunter wouldn’t want it to be all over, even though it was delicious.
Removing his hands from the dark hair, he shakes himself off, “You got attacked pretty badly, and you were dead for a while, well at least I thought you were. It looked bad man, I just I don’t know how you’re alive, but none of that matters, all that matters is that you’re okay. You are right?” “I think so but I’m feeling off, usually I can heal myself and at least recharge a bit but it’s not working. Dean. I think I may- I may be
“Dammit Cas. You can’t keep doing that.” Moving the angel slightly to free his hand he opens the door to the bunker. Slowly he walks down the stairs so he doesn’t jostle the angel awake, “Hey, I was wondering if you were going to sleep out there. Is he okay?” “Think so, he woke up for a bit, but he fell asleep
He leaned in again and kissed Dean once more before pulling back to stare at him. This was a new and interesting feeling that he didn’t want to end.
it, especially adolescents. Other than the bond the brothers shared, they had little no physical contact with other humans in their early life. It lived and died with their mother Mary. But this John Winchester was different, he could sense it, angel or not.
” Cas shrugs, obviously still not bothered with all the emotional complications that come with being a human. He is however not upset that Sam rejected his offer, he much prefers eating alone with Dean. “Why don’t we watch a movie?” Rolling his eyes he looks at Dean, “Okay.” Setting down his food he raises his arms again as if to say
Kicking the door open it jars Sam awake from his post at the door. “Dean?!” “Sammy-It’s okay. Cas is fine. We need to get him to the Impala, I might have to take him to the ER. This looks beyond anything even your stitching and whiskey can fix.” Blinking a few times at the sight of his older brother carrying the angel he nods. “Sure-sure. Do you need help?” “I got it. You get the joy of doing a medical exam. Have fun with that.” Rolling his eyes, Sam leads the way in front, checking corners just in case. When they make out to baby, Cas is asleep in Dean’s arms, head against the plaid covered chest. “Ain’t he a little angel?” “Uh Dean? If he has a concussion he doesn’t need to be asleep.” “I checked inside, he seemed okay, and I didn’t see him hit his head on the way down or anything. When he woke up he said he was human, so maybe his body just gave out to exhaustion?” Shrugging, Sam opens up the back seat, “Here’s hoping. Put him down carefully, try not to jostle his body too much, if he has any broken bones it’ll only hurt him worse in the end.”
The TV was all set up for their marathon and Dean had made snacks for everyone. Popcorn, beer, soda, and some cheesesticks were on the coffee table. "Hey Dean, I told Rachel to bring her friend for Kevin do you think he'll mind?" "I don't know man, his last girlfriend was like a genius so this girl would have to be pretty smart." "Nah it's been awhile since he's even seen a female besides Charlie, and i'm sure he would have jumped her bones if she wasn't into chicks." "Good luck with that." "Honeybee? Where did you go?" "Dude, honeybee? What the hell has happened to you?" "Shut up. He likes bee's and I love him so I'm calling him honeybee, let it go." "Never, I'm so going to use that against you in the future." "In here darling. I was getting some blankets in case any of us got tired." "Oh, you're so smart" he said before pulling them both down onto the couch with Cas on his lap. Wrapping his arms around him he sighed in content, "Dean. I believe you may have an erection." The remote was lodged between his legs and he laughed, "Babe it was the remote, it takes a lot more than you sitting on my lap to get me hard." "Oh really?" he said before turning around to face his hunter and he began to move his hips gradually so that his ass was rubbing on the hunters crotch. Squinting he smiled defiantly and hooked his arms around the hunters neck before leaning in to kiss him. He was disappointed when he didn't and instead licked his neck. "Cas." he groaned and tried to move his hips to cause friction against his growing bulge but no luck. "Uh uh uh. We're taking things slow remember?" was all the angel said before removing himself from the hunters lap and sitting next to him with his hands folded innocently. Sam walked in just then and took in the scene before him. Sam tossed him a blanket to cover his bulge in his jeans and scooted Cas over so he could sit down. Cas then proceeded to sit again on his lap but sideways so that his ass didn't make contact with the hunters crotch. Pulling the angel close he whispered in his ear, "Screw going slow. After the marathon i'm going to make you pay for teasing me like that." When he pulled away Cas smiled sweetly at him before resting his head against the hunters shoulder, feeling like he had accomplished something he wrapped his arms around his angel. Kevin walked in and joined them on the couch and was fixing to start the show when Sam sighed, "Okay there about a mile up the road, I'm going to get them. Don't worry I know what to do." How on earth had he ever gotten two normal women to agree to be blindfolded when they came to his house he didn't know. "How are you keeping the location a secret?" "Dude I told them we were FBI agents and that we couldn't let people know where we were having a stake out but that they could come if they agreed to be blindfolded when I drove them here." Sam was smart sometimes, he had to admit it. Minutes later two girls accompanied by Sam walked through the door and he removed the blindfold so they wouldn't trip on the stairs. The girls were very pretty he had to admit, but nobody was prettier than the angel he held in his arms. Kevin had gone silent and still beside him, he was obviously nervous about this and had no clue what Sam was up to. "Dean, why does Sam have two women with him?" "Don't ask me, ask him." "Sam can I talk with you privately?" "Sure Kev, what's up?" "Who the hell is that?!" "Dude keep it down she'll hear you. That's Rachels friend she promised they would hang out tonight and wasn't going to come so I told her to bring her along. Calm down man, just be yourself. Her name's Amanda." "Fine but I'm sitting on the floor." They walked back into the living room to see that Dean and Cas were talking to the females about the donuts and Dean was discussing their apple pies. "I'm sorry but if you're going to make an apple pie you have to have the right amount of cinnamon and you guys barely put any in. Just add a few more teaspoons and it will be golden." "I didn't know you we're a professional Baker." "He's not but he know's pie." "I'm sure he does but- Hey Sam" she said smiling up at his brother. "Hey, Rachel this is Kevin, Kevin-Rachel, and this is her friend Amanda." "Nice to meet you" the prophet said before sitting down on the floor by Dean's feet. "So Kevin, Sam told me you're into Star Wars, are you going to watch the new one?" Baffled that he was being asked a question he faltered a bit before nodding. "Yeah I just hope Disney doesn't ruin it. I can only imagine droids singing to a musical." Amanda laughed at his joke and nudged him with her knee, "I thought the same thing but then I remembered how well they did with Pirates of the Caribbean, so who knows? We'll have to wait and see." "I've actually never seen that, I've heard it's good though." "You should come over sometime and we'll watch all of them." If Kevin was nervous before he was really nervous now, "um yeah sure. Let me see your phone." she handed him her phone and he smiled upon seeing her Lord of the Rings background. After entering his number he handed it back, right away she texted him. "There now you have my number too. Why are you sitting on the floor?" "I didn't think there would be enough room for all of us." "Come on sit up here next to me. I don't mind if it's crowded, besides Dean and his boyfriend are only taking up one space." Dean blushed and pulled his angel closer to him, he wasn't used to being called a couple but he liked the term. Sam and Rachel were busy talking about different degrees, apparently she was getting her doctorate and was working at the donut shop to pay her student loans. She had originally planed on being a corporate lawyer but she decided she wanted to do something closer to people, so she was going to be a college professor. Dean could already tell they were perfect for each other. They sat side by side and Sam left his hand open for her to take it if she wanted to. It was a move he never used, most girls just grabbed his hand and went for it, Sammy was different though. Kevin started the marathon and about four episodes in he heard light snoring, Rachel had fallen asleep on Sam's shoulder but he didn't seem to mind, he was too caught up in the episode. Kevin and Amanda on the other hand were texting back and forth using emojis. Cas was asleep in his arms with his head tucked under Dean's chin, it wasn't the most comfortable position but he didn't want to be anywhere else.
