When Dean finally falls asleep, he dreams of blue eyes, warmth and contentment, all in one. It's one of those dreams that leave one feeling well-rested and fulfilled, even though it's difficult to really remember the content of the dream.
They gather their things—well, their backpacks, because when Dean tries to grab his suitcase, another butler appears, smiles at him, says “bonjour, monsieur” and gently rolls the big cart with their luggage on it out of his reach. It’s frankly all quite disconcerting, but Jody, Donna, and Cas make their way to the elevators without really seeming to notice that Dean is suspiciously letting his gaze linger on the people handling their stuff.
Balthazar settles in with one of the instructors with his own life vest, and about five thousand layers of plastic ponchos around his camera and also himself.
“Yeah, Joanna told me. Also about you signing up for that Paris trip thing and winning? Maybe? She told me she wasn’t sure if it was just a scam.”
trip,” Dean says putting extra emphasis on romantic. Just to make sure Charlie gets it. He doesn’t want to risk another Sam situation.
Dean flushes and glances back in the mirror. Everything seems to be fine, and he gives himself finger guns and facepalms right after.
Dean must admit that he stares a bit when the young man turns to the chef and greets him in what sounds like fluent French. The woman, meanwhile, turns to look at Dean, Cas, and Balthazar.
“You’re not a himbo. And Dean, just because you didn’t take the same educational path as me doesn't in any way devalue you. It might even mean you’re smarter, because you didn't have to pay a fortune. Besides, you were taking care of your brother at that time—what you did was remarkable―"
He ducks his head and watches his fingers, which are following the pattern of the comforter, so that he doesn't have to look into Cas's eyes anymore.
Cas starts grinding them together again, and moves one of his arms down to take their cocks in his hand, which makes them both gasp from how good it feels.
"You know, I was gonna bet that your luggage wouldn't arrive," Dean says, while they roll their suitcases over to the exit point and waiting area. "Imagine, what would you have done without the 30 books that you packed?"
They walk onto the Place du Trocadéro, from which they will best see the Eiffel Tower. Balthazar is of course already there. He greets them from far away, but waves at them to stop before they can get closer to him so that he can get a few pictures of them arriving, Dean guesses.
They arrive at the site after about 45 minutes. Hannah informs them that they'll be back to pick them up after the activity, and drives off.
Cas pulls up the note section of his phone. "I don’t think Notre Dame is on our itinerary, but I’d love to visit it—if that's alright with you, I think it could be very interesting. Unless you have other ideas?"
He feels Cas take his hand and he flinches, face getting hotter, but then he remembers that Balthazar is right there, taking pictures, and Cas probably just wanted to give him some material to work with. It doesn't change the fact that the squeeze Cas gives him is reassuring and just for him.
They end up watching a crappy documentary about possible alien-sightings. Nothing either of them enjoy, but it's the kind of stuff that's on in the middle of the night. They're both too lazy to actually look something up on Netflix.
"Jody and I have lived in Paris for about 5 years now, so we know most good places. If you ever have any questions or troubles, you can phone us with this number," she hands them a card, "and we will be available for you. For now, we'll take you boys to your hotel, you must be pretty tired after your long trip."
Hell breaks loose. Cas and Channing both reach for the flour at the same time, knocking it over and coating them both, but mostly Channing in the fine white powder. While Cas starts apologizing profusely, Dean manages to actually grab the flour and quickly spreads it across their work surface, and uses the measuring cup to pour out the amount they need for their croissants. He then puts it in the big bowl.
Evening comes along, and Dean and Cas get ready to go out. They leave quite early, just to make sure they get there on time. Also, Dean just wants to enjoy the walk with Cas. As weird as it is to be so public about his affections usually, Dean has absolutely no qualms about doing so with Cas for some reason. Maybe it's just that every time he looks at Cas, he knows that every moment with him is precious. He needs to cherish every minute that goes by that he gets to spend with him and that means holding his hand whenever he feels like this without thinking about what other people thought about it.
"Nah man, it's cool. Let's do that," Dean replies. "We should definitely get crepes for lunch, though."
The fact that Cas is willing to go on another trip with Dean after this, fills Dean with warmth and also hope that he isn't screwing this up too much. It even looks like Cas is actively enjoying his time on this vacation, even when they're just hanging out together.
The next day is... weird. First of all, it starts with Dean wanting to shower but not being able to close the door because the lightbulb is still not working and he can’t exactly shower in the dark. So even though Cas is still asleep and knows what Dean’s nude body looks like anyway, he still feels a little exposed. He makes a mental note to talk to reception about it after breakfast and just goes through his morning routine faster than normal.
They egg-wash their finished croissants and wait patiently while Kevin and Channing finish up theirs. The final baking time is only 20 minutes and Dean decides to use that as a short toilet break. On his way back, he rounds the corner and bumps into Channing.
They wash up after dinner (well, Cas washes up while Dean goes to the couch and starts browsing through Netflix) and Dean still can't stop thinking about the itinerary. He'll have to tell Cas about it eventually. But maybe not today.
to be with Dean in front of other people, letting other people see him with someone so far below his league.
Donna and Jody ask a couple more follow up questions and then their time is up. The atmosphere immediately becomes more relaxed after Donna switches off the recorder.
They get ready for bed, and Dean is somehow even more nervous to be sleeping in bed with Cas than the previous night. He returns to the bathroom again, deciding to take a shower to maybe calm himself down a bit. It’s also just in case Cas falls asleep while he showers, so that Dean won’t have to deal with him being awake while having an embarrassing nervous breakdown.
With another glance at Cas, who is thankfully not paying attention to him—too busy fighting with pulling off his wet t-shirt in the enclosed space—he finally discards his swim trunks underneath one of the towels and pulls up dry boxers from his bag. He then takes a deep breath and also quickly pulls up the shorts, which are way shorter than he remembers, and he tucks his boxers under the shorts so it doesn’t look completely ridiculous.
The pastry chef shows them the way to the kitchen in the back behind the counter. Cas has to nudge Dean a couple of times, who has stopped to look at the pastries and pies that stacked in the display cases. Dean wonders if they will maybe have time later to buy some of the delicious looking eclairs.
Well, that's not what Dean expected to hear. So, of course, he moves to see what Cas is looking at, jostling the boat a bit—and comes face to face with a really, really beautiful, but also very imposing-looking swan.
"No. I kept waking up thinking that my alarm went off when it didn't," Cas says. He sighs and leans against the kitchen counter to wait for his tea. The problem with that is, this way Dean gets an amazing view of his chest and biceps which bulge as Cas crosses his arms.
There is no way he would admit it out loud to anyone, let alone Cas, but he really missed his roommate over the ten days he was gone.
Dean can practically feel Charlie's gears going. She probably knows that she now has to parse her words carefully, because Dean's fragile little brain can't handle anything, really, and he might bolt once too many emotions are discussed.
Donna takes the time to grab some papers out of her bag and presents them on the table. “These are just forms to sign for you, to consent to the public distribution of your pictures. You will, of course, receive the pictures beforehand and we won't publish any that don't get your stamp of approval, but don't worry—Balthazar does really good work and makes everyone look beautiful."
It was during these meals and the Friday movie (or Doctor Sexy) nights that Dean slowly started to notice things about Cas. The way Cas’s nose crinkles when he laughs at Dean’s stupid commentary on the latest Doctor Sexy episode, or the passion in his voice and the way Cas’s hands move to explain more complex linguistic concepts. By now, these things make his heart flutter in a way that feels dangerous.
"Okay, lemme just—" Dean doesn't even finish his sentence as a yawn takes over. Cas isn't even listening, already busy brewing up coffee for their giant travel mug.
"You dumbass," he says, and before Cas can look any more like he wants to cry he adds, "Of course I love you too." And then he kisses him, still on the floor.
Cas gasps in an exaggerated way and puts a hand on his chest. “Dean Winchester called me a cool nerd. Oh! We’ll have to alert the media!”
As a response, Dean simply takes Cas’s hand and leads them to their bed, where he turns around and grins at him.
"Hmmm," Dean hums again but does nothing to remove his head from Cas's shoulder. It's really quite comfortable.
The elevator tings and they step out together, already seeing Donna and Jody sitting on one of the couches around a coffee table in the lobby. Sitting with them is a man, laughing loudly with a champagne glass in his hand. He's wearing a white V-neck with a suit jacket over it.
Dean then grins at Cas and hits him in the chest. “Dude, c’mon, go in. Age before beauty and all that.”
Because Cas can't see him, and they're in almost still water, Dean decides to relax and let Cas do the work for a bit. He puts down his paddle and leans back, closing his eyes to feel the sun on his face. He can hear birds chirping, the river flowing—Cas's paddle gently moving through water in a steady rhythm.
He finally registers Cas's voice, talking to him in a low and soft tone. The familiarity of it brings him back enough to concentrate more on his surroundings.
Dean finally gets himself untangled and stands up to go to the bathroom. It's weird walking in the cabin, and he tries not to think about the fact that they’re really, really high up in the sky, in a tiny metal aerodynamic box, hurling through the sky at about 500 miles per hour and—shit.
Right then, they finally get through to the waiting room and Dean's eyes go wide, seeing the sea of people waiting for their loved ones, family members, or business acquaintances to come out. Or Romantic Trip Winners. Which is the category Dean and Cas fall into, unbeknownst to Cas.
Because when he turns around to face Cas again, he apparently moves his leg a bit too much and his knee dislodges the paddle he put down in front of him and it slides off the kayak in a big splash. The swan apparently isn't delighted by that at all.
By the time boarding is called Dean is out like a light on Cas' shoulder, and Cas has to shake him quite hard to even get him to wake up. Apparently, he wasn't supposed to take two of them at once.
What gets him going is Cas mumbling a very sad sounding, "Dean, come t' bed." When Dean goes to the bathroom to wash up and change instead of joining Cas immediately, he hears Cas let out a very distressed "
Cas pulls his hand off, which Dean finds really unfair for a moment, but then Cas spits in his palm (which Dean doesn't grimace at all, nope) and takes them back in his hand, and the smoother glide makes everything even more intense than before and Dean needs to close his eyes for a moment to not lose it immediately.
"When you texted, I thought you meant you'd drunk-dialed Lisa and told her you wanted to get back together or something"
They paddle a bit longer, mostly in silence and enjoying the view. Dean is almost sad he didn't bring his phone to take his own pictures of the environment, and also Cas who looks amazing and relaxed in the sunlight. But then he remembers their almost incident in the rapids earlier, and he glances at Balthazar who is resting his camera on his lap and talking to the instructor behind him. Lucky bastard doesn't have to do any of the hard labor. Dean can already feel his arms aching.
He also keeps touching Dean's shoulder, which simultaneously sets all his nerve-endings on fire and brain on alarm mode, but also soothes him and keeps him grounded. It's overall a very unnerving combination of sensations and all Dean really wants to do is take a nap.
"Let's just hope there's no more swans around, because not gonna lie, I think I had a near-death experience."
Since it's quite late in the afternoon, they don't really have anything else planned for the day. Cas wants to walk around a bit and also see if he can buy any wine for his colleagues at his college. He asks Dean about three times if he wants to come along, but Dean waves him off, telling him to enjoy his free time, since he wants to call Sam and maybe Charlie anyway and this is a perfect time, so Cas heads out not long after taking a quick shower.
He grips the seat next to him and takes a short break but then manages to continue after a couple of deep breaths. Thinking about Cas taking breaths with him helps him focus. There's nothing he can really do about the situation now.
“It was just—a TV ad I saw while I was with some other friends. We thought it might be a good idea to sign up? I never thought I’d…
Before they leave completely, Cas gives Dean a significant look for a second to stop him from putting on his shoes.
"What? No. What?" Dean didn't even know he could have such a range of intonations. Cas looks confused. "No—that's that thing I wanted to say. I knew they were gonna put us in this... type of room." Dean gestures vaguely at the bed.
The problem with too much beer or alcohol in combination with Dean is that he kind of… forgets. He forgets that he is not supposed to do certain things and not to want. It all flies out the window when he sees Cas, looking really cozy and soft in the TV's light.
"This is weird, right? Tell me I'm not the only one who finds this weird, Cas?" Dean asks Cas, who's still trying to buckle his seatbelt. Hanna still hasn't entered the car, probably paying the parking ticket.
After Dean's stomach stops trying to stab him every time he moves, he gets up with an over-exaggerated groan that Cas doesn't even react to and goes to check the itinerary.
Dean chuckles and stands up to walk out. "You'd really starve if I weren't here to feed you, wouldn't you?"
What he doesn't expect is for Cas to, instead of high-fiving him, interlace his fingers with Dean and use it as leverage to lean forward to give Dean a kiss on the cheek. "Yes, Dean. Wonderful teamwork, thank you.”
Dean never even realized how much he picked up from people around him from listening to them talk, until coming to a foreign country. Cas seems to revel in it too, the two of them walking down the street in comfortable silence, or at least not talking, taking in the noise and atmosphere around them.
The man, who looks like he comes from every commercial about bakeries ever—sans maybe a mustache—introduces himself as Monsieur Jean in a thick French accent. Dean replies with his best version of “bonjour”.
Dean turns around in a hurry, wiping a hand over his face, trying to hide his burning eyes and his probably flushed face. He exhales with a shudder and the pain in his chest is just growing, and he can’t even breathe in properly because what the hell did he just do, he just kissed his best friend, his roommate, who was probably still just standing there wondering—
He crashes forward, his lips meeting Cas’s in an almost painful way, noses clashing and he suddenly halts his movement and just feels the plushness of the Cas lips on his, before he pulls back.
The next morning, they get picked up at 9 am. It's their first time using their assigned driver since the airport, and saying that Dean is awkward about it is a generous term.
Kissing Cas is exhilarating. The softness of his lips is addicting and every time he feels the drag of stubble against his own, it sends shivers down his spine.
She smiles warmly at Dean and Cas, who politely greet Donna and Jody as if they didn’t just have dinner with them.
Cas looks at him and it almost looks fond. "Don't worry. We'll have plenty of time to prepare. Besides, there are movies on the plane and I have downloaded some podcasts about the history of LARPing which we can listen to together. And I'll be there to hold your hand."
Cas rolls off him with a dramatic grunt, eyes closed, but immediately curls against Dean's side and pulls him in, so Dean can't even get up to get a washcloth. Which, as much as he lov- is infatuated by Cas, he just can’t do.
Cas gingerly sits down next to him, on the bed, at a safe distance. He’s obviously surprised at the softness of the mattress and duvet, losing balance for a moment, and the startled look on his face makes Dean let out a small laugh. Cas glares at him.
Cas has the decency to look a bit surprised and Dean honestly doesn’t know if he should be proud of himself for hiding his crush so well, or if it’s sad. Maybe a bit of both.
“Sure do, brother,” Benny answers and also gestures to the empty tequila bottle, which makes Garth get up to get a new one. “I started baking because of that show—what was it? Something British baking-off—”
So much has been happening that he hasn't even had time to fully digest it, to really take it in. He looks over at Cas again and lets his thoughts wander.
“The—what?” Of all things, that is not at all what he expected Cas to say. He had more expected to hear something along the lines of, “
Dean walks back over to Cas and gently pries the bowl out of Cas's hands and puts it on the scale and calibrates it to show zero. He then also holds up a piece of paper with all the measurements and instructions on it, which Cas must have overseen.
“—he did what? No! I mean—urgh, keep your fingers under the water Jo, Jesus. No, the part where you guys dared me to sign up for that stupid trip to Paris, or whatever.”
He looks at Cas who started out looking a bit skeptical, but as Dean continued, his face morphed into a shy smile.
Tomorrow, Dean is going to have to get back to work at the garage and as much he loves it, he kind of wants to spend more time with Cas.
So Dean takes a deep breath, taking it all in, and then slowly retracts his arm from underneath Cas, and shuffles away, towards the edge of the mattress. The problem is that he is still watching Cas while doing so to make sure his best friend stays asleep, and totally miscalculates the distance, and—
Obviously the reason why he wants to take Cas is because it just fits. It would be a thing good friends do, right? Taking their best friend on a trip like that? It’ll be fun! Just him and Cas, wandering through the streets of Paris, maybe holding ha— ice creams. No, those were an italian thing. But they probably have ice cream in Paris too. Point is, it would be fun, and an obvious choice, to take Cas.
Cas blushes and ducks out of his room, probably to go back to his room and finish up his work for the day. Dean’s long over getting offended when Cas left to go to his own room seemingly in the middle of conversations. It’s just a Cas thing.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” he grunts, and finally looks up at Cas, who is half-crouching over him, still wearing his trenchcoat, and looking at him in confusion but also concern. It’s a good look on him but then again, everything is. Wow, he missed those beautiful blue eyes—okay, he might be a little concussed.
They get to their room, and Cas immediately collapses onto the bed, without even taking off his shoes. Dean looks at him for a moment and goes to grab him a glass of tap water that he forces Cas to drink, while Dean takes off the shoes for him. Cas just hums a thank-you and half-heartedly starts tugging at his clothes in an attempt to take them off.
The trip to Paris is nearing closer and closer, but Dean still hasn't told Cas about the main theme of the trip.
“Cas, I’m—” he looks up at the broken light. He doesn’t want to say he’s sorry. The left bulb still isn’t working. He can’t look at Cas, but he can feel his proximity like a warm fire. It doesn’t relieve the ache in his chest, the burning but stabbing sensation spreading with every breath he can’t take. He decides not to finish the sentence. He doesn’t know how to, too afraid the dam will burst and he’ll burst into tears. He can already feel them dangerously brimming at the edge, eyes and face hot from trying to hold them back.
Dean had been absolutely sure that the "preparation" Cas mentioned had meant going to the airport's bar and preferably drinking as much whiskey as possible and also ordering the onboard alcoholic options, but Cas said that that would be very unhealthy and stupid of him.
Finally, the fateful day arrives. Or rather, the evening before the fateful day. Their flight is at 5:30 in the morning. It will take them about an hour to get to the airport which means they'll have to get out of the house at around 2 am.
Their flight back is the next morning and Hannah brings them to the airport. They say goodbye and Dean gets surprisingly teary-eyed at the prospect of never seeing Donna, Jody or Hannah ever again. He spares a thought for Balthazar, but it doesn’t go far.
At one point, they're laughing so hard in front of a picture of a very badly drawn lion, that an employee hurries over and politely tells them to please respect the premises and the art, which sends them into another fit and Dean actually has to wipe tears from his eyes.
Dean turns around then, staring at the other wall, trying not to freak out. This is cool, this is fine, he has shared a bed with Sam many times when they were kids, this is no different. Except it's Cas, so obviously it's different.
"We're at the right place, right? Croissant making for beginners? Rue la Boétie?" she says, hopeful. She turns to her partner before they can make a sound and taps him on the shoulder. "Kevin, are we at the right place?"
The food is nice and the atmosphere cozy. Jody and Donna are constantly refilling Dean's and each other's wine glasses (Cas declined politely after having one glass) and they have a good time. Dean even tries to help Donna with the dishes once they're done, but she very warmly tells him to sit his butt on the couch next to his boy or she’ll flick some dirty dishwater at him, and that’s enough of a threat that Dean sits on the couch with Jody and Donna.
"I did, but then Dean decided to pay me a visit and that kinda went out the window." Jack sighed. "Look Sam and Dean, heaven's great. But there is something about being on Earth that you can't find in heaven. There, you don't need anything. Here, you are bound by life, the need for purpose. I don't want that taken away from you just yet. I really want you to experience growing old, having families, homes. Seeing Dean that day haunted me. You both deserve so much better than that."
“Yeah. Just... takin’ it all in,” Dean says, and it feels so weird but also so right to finally just say what he thinks for once. He is rewarded with a soft smile that spreads on Cas’s face as he hums in agreement.
Just as he puts it down, Kevin snags it, reaching over his girlfriend who is still trying to wipe the flour out of her eyes using a cloth that Cas found somewhere. Dean looks up and he sees Jean staring at them in mild terror. Dean smiles at him like everything is fine. Balthazar is taking pictures like his life depends on it.
She turns to him with an incredulous face. “Which part, dude? The part where you, for some reason, recited the first two pages of Slaughterhouse-Five? Or where Garth threw up in the plant pot? Or—”
It gets more heated after Cas lets out a very low sound that Dean thinks he can feel through his own chest, and he pulls Cas even closer.
They squabble more about what kind of bread is acceptable. It's an argument Dean wins easily because a) he does most of the grocery shopping currently because he is the one who cooks and b) he has a lot of data from the time he was on the road a lot as a kid and went through many different diners.
When he goes in, Cas is still in bed—in a different position this time, which is in the middle of the bed, sheets tangled in some inconceivable way around him and arms splayed out. Dean sets his coffee down and silently goes to the bed with Cas's coffee still in his hand. He then holds it close to his face, hoping that the coffee fumes will wake Cas up. And they do. Cas's eyes twitch and then, slowly, one eye opens.
"He has feelings for my brother." Castiel started to fill Dean in on everything he knew about Sabriel at the moment. The two of them decided that their first act as a semi-angel couple would be to play Cupid.
Ding. A small bell rang as Dean and Castiel entered the floor and carpet store. The couple had found a house by September and they decided to renovate it before moving in. It was a beautiful suburban house facing a river like Cas wanted. It also had a nice room for them to watch movies in like Dean wanted.
One minute he was holding his son’s hand and the next, he found himself on top of a bridge looking like his 38 year old self. It was over. He had lived a full life, one his brother didn’t get to have. It took less than a second for Dean to feel his presence. That wasn’t a surprise. Dean had taken care of him since he was a baby, he had pretty much developed a mother’s intuition by this point.
“How could you think I don’t love you back? How could you think you could never have me? I was always yours. You made me yours the day you raised me from hell.” Dean whispered. He was completely crying at this point. Cas just had a look of utter disbelief.
"I can't believe we found bigger dumbasses than the two of us." Dean said in between fits of giggles.
“Then by the power vested in me by umm… well… me I guess, I now pronounce you husband and husband.” There was a slight chuckle from the audience but the grooms were lost
“I met Dean and his brother, Sam, on one of my missions. They showed me how beautiful the outside world can be and saved me.”
"She didn't want to come back. Before Jack instilled his no interference policy, Jack wanted to make everything right. He created a special heaven for creatures like Garth, got Keven
"Umm. I know this is hard but can you avoid hunting for the week? I am pretty sure Jack's been keeping and eye on us and I don't want him to get so rattled again."
“What do you want?” Sam asked, clearly annoyed. Dean and Cas could hear the heavy metal playing in the background.
Cas manages to interrupt Dean with a full-body eye roll and a dramatic sigh. Which is probably deserved.
Dean takes a shuddery breath because holy shit, he's holding Cas's hand. His whole arm starts to tingle and Cas's hand fits just right in his, warm, dry and strong and Dean hopes that he doesn't ruin it by getting sweaty palms.
But he fights through it. This is a nice evening for them, especially Cas, and he doesn’t want to ruin it.
invested). He's watching Cas, looking at his face, the dark circles underneath his eyes which mean he's been working way too hard and the way he cradles his bee mug that he filled with beer, because Cas refuses to drink out of anything other than a mug.
Dean snorts at that and when he looks at Cas it's worth seeing his concerned face change into a soft smile.
Donna checks in for them in fluent French and Dean looks at Cas, who is staring at the hotel's entrance hall in wonder. Which is warranted, since the whole thing is like out of a period drama. Not that Dean watches those, but Marie Antoinette was kind of good. The entrance opens up into a big courtyard with a fountain in it, sprinkling over statues of wild horses.
"I'm having an amazing time here." The fact that Cas's tone of voice is so sincere, and that he's wearing that very small smile that shines mostly through his eyes, kind of undoes Dean a little, and he has to swallow.
He also hadn’t really cooked much, since it was never fun to cook for only one person. Plus there was no way of smuggling in some veggies and pretending that it was only for Cas’s benefit. The dude couldn’t even warm up hot dogs without burning himself, which is why his diet had consisted of mostly microwavable hot pockets before he met Dean.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas says, like always. When he turns around, they are suddenly nose to nose. Dean hadn’t even noticed that he stepped so close to Cas, and now he can smell Cas's faint cologne and the distinct Cas smell that Dean can only describe as somehow stormy.
They arrive, and it only takes a second to figure out that they're in a very fancy hotel. It's so fancy that when Dean opens the trunk to get out his and Cas's suitcases, he's interrupted gently by a freaking
,” Cas says, smiling, while Balthazar lets out an offended “Hey!” and some mutters about being much more respectable than a paparazzo.
Dean panics. Cas is going to tell them that their relationship was fake. But why would he? It’s true that it won’t change anything, considering that they’re flying home the next day, but why
After a while, Cas returns with fruit and oatmeal in some yogurt and even Dean has to admit that it looks delicious, even though he thinks it's a big waste of all the other choices—an opinion he voices to Cas, who just counters with the reasoned fact that they're going to be eating breakfast here for a whole week.
They start walking towards the exit of the hotel, Dean walking right behind Cas, who started having a conversation with Donna.
In the end, it’s like riding a bike. Cas definitely enjoys it, judging by the sounds Dean gets out of him and the way his thighs quiver under Dean’s hands. Halfway through, he tugs on Dean’s hair again, which makes Dean hum around Cas’s dick which in turn makes Cas’s breath hitch—but then he tugs again, more insistently, and Dean looks up, pulling off.
When he finally gets back in—kayak rocking wildly, gasping and still kind of coughing water out of his lungs—Cas cradles his face again, eyes wide and concerned.
Dean must admit, the food isn't too bad. It's definitely unusual in taste and he doesn't really know how to eat one of the vegetables, so he just leaves it, but overall it's okay, though nowhere near as fulfilling as a good burger.
The descent is a torturous act altogether, with Dean white-knuckling the seat and humming under his breath just to calm himself down.
To be honest, Dean is missing home a lot at this point as well. It's been a long time since he last spent so much time away from his friends and Bobby and it makes him realize just how much of his own family he has built back at home. And now Cas has become an even more solid foundation in that family.
"I definitely have at least one fond memory here." Gabriel said, pointing to the replica of the bookshelf where he and Rowena were almost caught making out. Sam scoffed in response.
It took a lot longer than Dean expected to groom his wings. Dean wasn’t really getting the hang of the ‘other dimension concept’ but he finally learned how to tuck his wings away and bring them back out. Of course, he kept on getting distracted by his boyfriend to focus. Castiel set a rule that they would only kiss for 2 minutes and work on the wings for 15. By the end of it, they were making out for half an hour and spending 5 minutes on the wings. Dean didn't mind. He didn't have much to do anyway. Castiel decided that they would no longer spend day time on the wings. As soulmates, they could groom each other during the night. Dean found the process to be quite relaxing and he fell asleep as Castiel finished applying the last bit of wing oil on Dean's wing.
“Shhh, it’s okay, Cas. I’ve got you, baby.” Dean mumbled. They stayed there the rest of the night. Cas soon passed out from exhaustion but Dean couldn’t get a wink in. After Cas settled down, the fear of Cas dying consumed Dean. He couldn’t help but wonder what would have happened if Cas was taken away, dying before he could find out that Dean feels the same way. He could see himself against the wall all night, grieving the lover. Dean gripped Cas tighter as he tried to bring himself to reality. ‘He’s here. He is still with you so get that bull out of your head, Winchester.’ Dean thought to himself. Dean couldn’t help but steal glances at his chest, making sure it was rising and falling. He constantly needed proof that Cas was alive. Dean had been the one to deal with Cas’ body and he could not deal with that again. They stayed like that till morning.
Castiel had no response for the outburst. Instead, he stood up and did what he does best: offer practical advice. "Dean, you should rest. You aren't completely healed yet."
So by the third commercial break, it’s on. And truly, what could go wrong. Nothing. Nobody wins these things.
It lasts only a minute or so before Cas apparently notices that he's doing all the work and moves his arm back to pat Dean's calf that's now resting on the edge of the boat. Dean cranks open his eyes a bit and sees Cas turning his head around to look at him, probably to tell him off for slacking off, but his expression suddenly changes from mildly accusatory to very alarmed, and looking slightly off over Dean's right shoulder.
Cas's voice gets even lower. "Okay. I am going to move my paddle slowly, and move us away. You stay completely still, okay?"
"So, how do you feel about Paris?" Dean finally asks, after the dramatic music from the TV stopped swelling and drops into a quiet string piece and some teary whispering.
Cas is stunned for a moment, staring at her. He seems to get over it quickly enough, while Dean dies a little inside, and shakes Donna's hand.
After looking at all the plaques inside the church, Cas says he’s satisfied with the pictures he took; they find an adjacent crepes restaurant and share a savory crepe. It takes them some time to decide what to get for dessert, to the point where they barely make it on time to their appointment at the little bakery-shop.
"It's okay, Cas, we'll figure this out together." Dean starts brushing away some of the flour on Cas's shoulder and he moves his hand up to Cas's face to wipe away a smudge there.
Cas now turns to look at Dean, with a slightly confused look, that looks really cute together with his rumpled hair and sweatpants and Dean just wants to hug him and swaddle him in blankets and never let go and—
Since they know that they’re going kayaking, they both wear their bathing shorts underneath their jeans. Dean seriously debates wearing his short shorts. At the very last second, he decides against it, but puts them in his bag anyway, just in case.
Back in their room, Dean cries out in victory, as Cas lands another one of the gummies in his mouth. Dean is currently sitting in a very plushy chair by the window, and Cas is lying on his stomach on their bed, reading. Or rather, throwing gummies into Dean's open mouth while holding a book.
After a while, they assume their natural position of Deans feet in Cas's lap. Cas distractedly massages Dean's feet, which feels incredible and so comfortable that he starts dozing off.
He doesn't even notice when Cas starts talking to him, focusing too much on trying to breathe normally, until he sees his roommate's face right in front of his, big blue eyes looking at him, wide with concern. There's also a hand on his shoulder, squeezing and grounding him. Thankfully there aren't too many people around, given that it's 2:30 in the morning, so they're not holding up a line.
It makes him look at Cas, who is carefully reading through the presented paper. He imagines leaning over and kissing his cheek—just because. It makes his heart flutter and he shifts closer to Cas in the pretence of reaching for the pens.
Cas stares at him, shocked, almost scared like he's trying to put stuff together. Then, surprisingly, he smiles, but his eyes are tight. "Yes, we are. I mean we finished the croissants before they did, so I can't think of a better teammate." He quickly grasps at Dean's shoulder, patting him a bit awkwardly, and then turns around to head back to the kitchen.
"Man, my stomach hurts," Dean says after a while, sitting back up. "I don't think I've laughed that hard in a while."
It's so clear to Dean, now, that everything Cas has been doing, all the touches, all the gentle looks, were all just for show. The warm feeling Dean had this whole afternoon now turns sour, and he feels like throwing something. But then he looks at Cas, who is helping Jean move the trays out of the oven and all he can feel is sadness. Because what they had? It will never be real. Cas will never
He goes through it very quickly. It's clear that the man is an expert, though he doesn't really know a lot of English. But that doesn't deter him from explaining everything with a lot of gestures and sounds. Dean gives a glance to Cas, who is intently focused on the process, squinting his eyes sometimes while seemingly taking intense mental notes.
Cas is doing some deep breathing and Dean starts subconsciously copying it, slowly starting to feel a little bit better. He's still nervous as hell, but at least now he can breathe around the lump in his chest.
Okay, no panic. And the words actually really hit Dean, because they’re so true. And the sincerity is clear in Cas’s voice. Donna and Jody are clearly touched too, and they both hug Dean and Cas for a long time. Donna even gives Dean her private number and tells them to keep in touch.
"Yeah, of course." Dean isn't really even focusing on what Cas is saying because he's concentrating so much on not spilling the fries all over the couch. Yeah, no more beer for him.
"Mildred is 70 and probably fitter than you Dean," Cas says, face already pressed into the pillow he brought with him into the car.
Jack nodded. “Yes it’s done.” He took a deep breath and became lit with power again. A pulse of that light rippled out from him like a shock wave. Then he dimmed again, staggering on his feet.
Sam’s face was elated and tears brimmed his eyes. He turned and headed for the Impala, then stopped when he realized either Dean nor Jack was following.
It was the only way, with just the three of them left someone had to step in and become death. And they needed Jack if they were going to get the rest of the world back, which left it down to Sam and Dean. Sam argued but there was no way Dean would ever let him do it, it was always going to be dean.
Dean went to his room and opened the closet door. The green jacket was front and center. Cas’s blood had oxidized to a dingy brown over the right shoulder. He took it off the hanger and gripped it tightly, the hand print facing out. Then he swept it over his head and slid the jacket on.
They only had seconds, they all had to move simultaneously. Sam called out a single word incantation and a light shot from him to Jack.
Dean gave him a tense smile and had to take a harsh sniff to keep it all together. “Me too,” he nodded and he stood up. He patted Jack on the shoulder and left the room.
There was only blackness in every direction Dean looked. But when he spun to look again, Castiel was there.
Dean explained the deal he struck with the Empty nearly fifty years before. He could let Cas sleep, undisturbed. Or when the time came and a Winchester was reaped, he could bring them here, no heaven, no hell, just the eternal peaceful sleep the empty provided, then the Empty would allow them a few minutes to see each other.
“Of course not, but I’m not talking about the big players. I just mean small time stuff. Years we been doing this on our own. Our own research and leg work and something about it just ain't sitting right.” Dean stopped, set down the shot gun he’d unpacked, and fixed Sam with a stair. “Don’t you just feel like something is off, or missing?”
“Okay, I’m sorry, the book said it ‘removed the pain’. I didn’t know it would send me to La La coma land.”
Dean walked down the hall till he reached Jack’s open door. Jack was sitting at the edge of his bed staring off into nothing. Dean tapped a knuckle against the door. Jack pulled himself from his revery. He put a smile on his face that didn’t quite make it to his eyes.
Dean stood alone at the edge of the lake. Taking this one moment to feel Chuck’s life for him come to an end. Then he took a deep breath and his scythe appeared in his hand.
Dean woke with a start in the double bed motel room. It was morning and he’d been waking up like this a lot since Jack walked off into the sunset three months earlier. Something scratching at the back of his mind, like he’d forgotten about something but couldn’t figure out what. It was a constant nagging, that only got louder when he slept.
Sam and Jack had everything set up. When Dean walked back in, Sam looked at the hand print on his jacket. He nodded, in recognition and handed Dean a white handkerchief with a smear of each of the four other bloods. Dean tucked it deep into his jacket pocket.
Dean arrived on the dark street, not having aged a day. He made his way down the street, lined with family homes and stoped in front of one in particular. It had a large window in the front and inside a big family was sitting down to dinner. Couples and children lined both sides of the table. And at the head, sat one, very tall, grey haired patriarch.
Dean hugged him, grateful to know there would be one familiar face he would always have to come back to, no matter how long he was Death. And that, would be a very long time.
He took another step towards Jack. Then asked Chuck, “And after that you’ll leave us alone? No more games no more of your stories. Sam and I get to be free?”
“Good,” Dean nodded. He wanted to asked the question, but was afraid to. He cleared his throat. “When you brought everyone back, did um, is Cas…?”
The lights of the bunker flicked back on and the sigil was empty. Jack and Sam looked around. Then a shock waved tossed them off their feet. Dean was back, standing the the center of the sigil, dressed in
“Yep.” Dean recapped the flask and climbed out of the grave. “Okay, let’s adios this vengeful bitch and hit the liquor store on the way home.” The scratching in his mind was getting to him and he needed many drinks, as soon as possible.
Dean pulled him in to a big brother hug, that way Sam couldn't see how sad he really was. “Yeah, you’ll be seeing me again.” They broke away from the hug but Sam couldn’t seem to move away from Dean. Then Sam’s phone rang, it was a video call from Eileen. Dean told him to go.
Jack straitened up and smiled at them, “They are back, all the people Chuck disappeared. Bobby and the others are at the silo and Eileen is waiting for you Sam.”
Dean looked at him confused. “Linda whatever, the vengeful spirit.” As he spoke Dean realized for the first time in months the itching and buzzing in his head had stopped.
Dean opened his right hand at his side and his scythe materialized there. He gripped it and lunged at Chuck, who vanished. Dean whipped around to look for him. He reappeared behind Sam, kicking him in the back of the legs and dropping Sam to his knees. Dean rushed forward but Chuck grabbed Sam by the neck, stopping Dean in his tracks.
“Is that,” Jack started to ask, then almost felt like he was over stepping, but he had to know. “Is that why you did that spell, because of Cas?”
“I’m sure you will. But be careful, it took down the last death.” Jack looked up to the sky. “I have to go now. Goodbye Dean.”
When all the power had drained from Chuck to Jack the body dropped. Dean stood over it, scythe in hand, almost unsure it was really over. Then he heard Sam coughing. The scythe vanished and he rushed to his side.
“It’s happening whether you’re on board or not. I won’t sit by and let Chuck disappear the whole freakin’ world when I can do something about it,” Dean proclaimed, as he jammed a finger at the old spell book in front of him.
“You’re not too powerful but I can feel a little something brewing in there. Can’t have that,” Chuck said.
Dean sniffed up his tears and walked over to Sam. Gently raising his hand to touched Sam’s forehead.
“Okay, whats the deal with Chuck? You said I’ve been out for three months. What have you found out since then?”
“That’s not the only thing Jack’s been doing,” Sam added. “Whatever Billy did to him, turning him into that bomb and sending him to the empty like that, it made him into some sort of vacuum.”
Dean looked down and twisted the ring on his finger. “I have a job to do. There are people out there hurting and I can take that away. I know Death seemed like a dick before but there is a purpose for it. And I can’t ignore that now.” Dean pulled something from his pocket and pressed it into Sam’s hand.
Death Dean let the base of his scythe clunk back on the floor. “Well, I guess it’s time to reap God.”
Dean’s eyes snapped open, he was neatly tucked into a fresh bed, his own bed in the bunker. He looked sideways to find he had an IV attached to his arm. And that wasn’t all, there was something else strange, taped to his leg. Holy shit was that a catheter? A tube, shoved up his,… and some how that wasn’t even the most shocking part. Jack sat in the chair next to the bed.
“I’m not sorry for any of those things, you shouldn’t be either. If I could go back I’d do it all the same. In the end it didn’t feel like a sacrifice at all. And being in the empty isn’t like before. It’s sleep, and it’s rest. Peace like I have never known.”
Sam let himself into the room. Sweat pants and pit stains, with a water bottle and a news paper tucked under one arm.
“Or maybe you just didn’t care. Look, I get it, we’ve lost a lot, hell we’ve lost everything. I’m sorry about Cas too. But I need you if we are going to figure this one out. You can’t do anything like that again.”
Sam handed him the ring and Dean went to the center of the sigil on the floor. He slid the ring on his finger, pulled out a knife and gave Sam the nod to start. Sam hesitated then, tightened his jaw and read the text aloud, an ancient language poured out of him.
“I’ll put everyone back, even Cas,” Chuck tempted. “And all you have to do is reap the little Lucifer spawn.”
Sam doused the bones in lighter fluid and flicked the match in. They watched the flames a moment. Then Dean’s head erupted in a wave of pain, dropping him to his knees.
“Because of everything. I mean, I don’t know.” Dean just shook his head, not knowing what to say about it. Then he saw Jack’s face, still just a kid. He recognized the look from seeing it in the mirror, the face of a kid who lost his dad. “I’m sorry. I wish I could have stopped him.”
Jack walked over to Sam. “I have other responsibilities now. But, thank you, for always believing I could be good.” Jack, looked at Sam with a grateful smile. Then turned to tell Dean, “I’ll give you two a few minutes alone.”
Chuck’s head dropped to the ground next to Sam. The body still stood, leaching power like golden smoke. It slithered toward Jack, who breathed in every bit of it.
They opened the door to death’s library and stepped in. Prepared for anything. But found no one. They search, but nothing.
But Dean half raised a hand to cut him off again. “And last of all I’m sorry I never said it. I love you, Cas.”
Cas stepped a little too close, knowing it sometimes made Dean uncomfortable. But now, after all this time Dean was comforted by the old familiar feeling of Cas invading his personal space.
“It’s hard to explain. It’s not like when I wore the ring before. It doesn’t feel like a cruel or hateful job. I don’t know man, it feels like… a mercy.”
“Cas didn’t just disappear the way you’re talking about. It was death, she had us trapped and Cas, well Cas summoned the empty. He had some deal with it and it took him and it ganked death too. He saved me, again.” Dean’s face was set with a harsh grimace.
Sam pulled out ingredients for the spell, while Jack painted the sigil on the floor, dipping the brush in the bright red, still warm blood, held in the golden bowl.
“I’m just saying Sammy, all the monsters, all the crap we deal with, how come we are the only ones taking care of this? All these years of hunting and never once have we run into other hunters. Doesn’t that feel weird to you?”
Dean sighed heavily, “We should leave him there. But if I ever see that Empty bitch again we are gonna have words.”
heavy black metal ring. Dean approached slowly and reached out to take it, picking it up with ease and letting it sit in the palm of his hand.
Jack was still a glow and walked over to touch Sam’s forehead. Instantly Sam was recovered. Jack’s glow faded. “Thank you,” he said with a smile.
Dean spun around, looking into the darkness of the cemetery. His head hummed like there were bees inside.
Sam double checked the lock on the front door and turned, Dean appeared before him. Sam wasn’t caught off guard or startled. He broke into a broad smile, Dean looked exactly as he remembered. Sam’s smile made Dean feel he could do the same.
“Really,” Sam went on. “We went through a lot, but if not for you I never would have become who I am. It’s been a good life, and you gave me that.”
Death Dean pulled Baby off the dirt road to a clearing just at the edge of a lake. He parked her and switched the lights off. Even with his change, it felt right to have baby carry them into one last battle.
Sam was surprised. He expected Dean to explain first, but clearly his brother wasn’t in a good place.
Hearing the name broke the damn in Dean’s head. The damn that’d been keeping back the years of memories. The wall that had been scratching at his brain. The memories returned all at once, Bobby, Charlie, Kevin, even Cas, had all been behind that wall.
Dean looked at Sam. Something about his smile felt, off. He couldn’t put his finger on what. The ringing in his head intensified, and he thought he heard someone behind him say his name. He turned, to find nothing.
Sam entered the Bunker with bags of provisions, coming down the steps to find Jack and Dean waiting for him.
Dean thought it over. He looked at his hand, opening and closing his fist. “Different than I expected.” He spun the scythe in his other hand, then gave it a few good two handed swings.
Cas smiled, knowing Dean must have done something incredibly brave, or more likely incredibly stupid, probably both, to be standing before him now. It was Dean’s way of reciprocating as best he could.
Sam fell forward. The power drain had only lasted five seconds, but it was enough to leave him exhausted and gasping.
He knew he’d been drinking too much lately. Every morning wondering why he felt the need to go so far into that sweet oblivion, but he didn’t know. Still, every night, when the hunts were over, he couldn’t help wanting to feel numb. It always returned and drinking was the only thing he could think to do.
Dean tossed the shovel up from the bottom of the grave and it landed in the dirt pile above. He took his flask from his inside pocket and had a long swig.
Cas tried not to look horrified at the realization Dean was now death. He looked inside Dean, and found the turmoil he once carried in him was gone. Some how the job had brought him understanding and balance, and that eased Cas.
Dean watch the family, laughing and eating. Still a little shocked they were all Winchesters. He closed his eyes and called to the empty. “It’s time,” he said, in his low gravelly voice. The ground beside him gurgled black goo and it arrived as Meg, surly and irritated, as he expected.
“Yes, bringing all those disappeared people back expended a lot of energy. I’ll need to rest before I do anything huge. Over time I’ll become as strong as Chuck but I’m still adapting. And there are other things to consider.”
“What? Already?” Dean pressed his eyes, then sat back up. “We just took out a Vamp nest last night, take a break.”
Because of Sam, the Winchester line grew far beyond what the brothers ever thought possible. And because of Dean, the Winchesters became known for living extraordinarily long lives, even the hunters. But when one did pass, usually well beyond their eightieth birthdays, Death got to see his Angel.
Dean patiently waited, watching them eat, visit and slowly trickle out to their respective homes. The evening was done. Old Sam was moving through the house turning off lights and locking doors.
Leaving Sam alone with his brother. Dean wore a sorrowful look, but walked over to his baby brother, enthusiastically gripping his shoulder. “We did it Sammy.”
Sam took a deep breath. “So, Cas gots sucked into the empty and instead of calling me, you got drunk and played with dark magic? We’re lucky that spell didn’t turn your mind to jelly,” Sam said quietly.
“I saw the doctor last week, he said he was surprised my heart held out this long. I figured you had something to do with that.”
He closes his eyes for a second and breaths in Cas's presence and tries not to grin too much because that would be embarrassing.
“Do you want to explain why you were so focused on cleaning our toilet that you didn’t even hear me walk in?”
A hand lands on his shoulder, first light and then urging him to turn around. Dean resists a bit before relenting, but he still avoids Cas’s eyes.
Dean lets out an involuntary "—oh", surprised, but also slightly more turned on than before. Nobody has ever been able to manhandle him quite like this before. He looks at Cas's arms, straining from holding himself up, and trails down his hand from Cas's shoulder down his biceps.
Before Dean can get out the whole question, Cas pulls him in and starts kissing him. Dean is too stunned to react at first, but starts kissing back once he gets with the program.
So Dean knows his stuff. It's easy to recognise problems in a car and decide their level of urgency.
Dean is absolutely unable to keep the soft smile off his face and he’s really glad that he doesn’t have to. He can just tell Cas that he’s a really good actor if he questions it later. Which he probably won’t, because Cas is wearing a similarly dopey look on his face.
"You done for the day, buddy?" Dean asks, getting the ingredients out of the fridge. He still has tomato sauce from a previous pasta dish, so the meat sauce shouldn't take too long to make.
"No sleep for you, buddy?" Dean asks empathetically. Cas looks particularly grumpy with an intense case of bed head.
Turns out, playing a drinking game while watching a TV game show that is some sort of Jeopardy knock-off with his friends is an absolutely brilliant—but also absolutely dumbass—thing to do.
Dean Winchester has seen and faced many things during his lifetime. There was that one time a car almost fell on him while he was working on it and it took a whole operation of mechanics and 40 minutes of them cursing to get him out of that situation. Or that time when he tripped and fell into a really disgusting ditch full of bugs and he had to walk back home in the rain and when he got back home, Cas had almost called the police because he thought that Dean was a burglar.
,” Charlie says, that last bit in a very terrible, attempted French accent. “Although Joanna would probably kick my ass for going without her.”
He sits up and looks to his left, where Cas is who is looking at him with a very odd expression on his face. He feels a breeze around his legs, probably the AC, and looks down to see the towel has slipped mostly off his legs, revealing... a lot. He straightens it out again and glares at Cas.
"Thank you. But also, I'm really tired, so what do you say we take a nap and maybe discuss this tomorrow?”
They make themselves comfortable on Charlie’s massive couch and start consuming an amount of donuts that is definitely above the recommended amount for two people. Charlie also sends Jo, who is working a late shift at the Roadhouse, a picture of their huge donut box and they laugh at the angry voice message Jo responds with. Dean feels himself relaxing. It’s good to hang out with Charlie again.
Cas brings them back some sandwiches, and since they didn’t really have a lunch, Dean is ravenous, and they’re really really good.
"Oh thank you, gods," she says, and promptly sits down on one of the chairs that's in front of the bakery.
"They seem to think we're a couple," Cas says then, and there's something careful in the way he says it. There certainly isn't disgust in his voice, but it's still something that Dean can't quite interpret and he just hopes his best friend doesn't get too angry with him.
Cas takes a few pictures and even convinces Dean to take a selfie with him. After failing miserably to find a good angle, they ask a bystander to take a picture of them in front of the famous stained-glass window.
"So how's Cas doing? He's back from his conference right?” She takes another donut and it makes Dean’s belly ache just looking at it. She turns to him again. “I mean, I don't even have to ask. You're not all sulky anymore. He must be home."
Who signs up for a competition for the hell of it, and actually wins? Dean’s been convinced all his life that these things are always a hoax. Nobody wins cruise trips or three cars from texting a number during a commercial break.
Cas looks at him, dazed, and then the most brilliant smile overcomes his face. He takes the edge of Dean's open shirt and pulls him into a kiss. Surprised, Dean doesn't manage to stabilize soon enough and to balance out, Cas leans back, still pulling Dean with him, while Dean holds Cas with one arm across his back. He never stops kissing him throughout; only in the end, when the bend becomes too much and they almost topple over, does he release Dean and they grin at each other. Dean is still kind of holding Cas up from falling backwards.
“Also, those shorts earlier… I wasn’t kidding when I said that you should wear them more often,” Cas says between breaths. “You look really, really good in them.”
Before Dean can come up with a response, he hears a strangled "Dean" and when he turns around, he does actually see Cas who is now hefting the weight of the kayak by himself in the front—and Dean hurries to help him carry it down the dune towards the water, but not before glaring at Balthazar.
Donna quickly and concisely explains their schedules, and that Balthazar will be joining them in most activities planned for them, just to be in the background, taking pictures.
It gets light again when Cas moves closer—close enough that he is almost entirely pressed against Dean's back. Dean, who is trying very hard to only focus on the lightbulb in his hand.
Now, he gathers up the mail as usual. He looks through it while he kicks the door shut behind him. Then he stops in his tracks and he can’t help but smile.
Cas sighs and the hand that’s still on his shoulder slides down to his hand, grasping it softly, thumb stroking across Dean’s knuckles. He then tugs at it, and leads Dean, who is now staring at the back of Cas’ head, still dazed, out of the bathroom.
"Heeeeey Cas." He waves at Cas from the couch, who is still struggling to get out of his trenchcoat.
The pastry chef, meanwhile, has started by arranging his ingredients. He claps his hands together in a
When it happens, it’s supposed to be a stupid dare. A way to make Jo shut up and Garth pay attention to what’s happening again. Dean doesn’t remember whose idea it was in the first place, just that at one point everybody is shouting “Do it, do it, do it”, as if they were all back in high school.
Dean just watches the whole thing from the side, thinking if this is the funniest thing he has ever witnessed because he imagines the whole thing playing with a narrator going,
"Nevertheless, it turned you into a very impressive and kind man who is definitely no less intelligent than me," Cas says with conviction.
The paddling seems easy enough and after a few strokes they figure out how to keep the kayak in a straight line. It really gets interesting in some of the rapids when the water gets wild.
After cleaning him up, he goes back to snuggle in with him, and Cas turns them so Dean is flat on his back, and Cas is curled around his side again. He shuffles a bit closer, pressing his face into Dean’s neck and leaving a small kiss there, which makes Dean feel all kinds of giddy, which is odd after the things they
"Yeah, but I mean properly," Dean says. "C'mon, there's so many bars around here, and we haven't even gone to one! I mean, so far we've always been pretty tired after doing so much stuff all day, but now—" he clears his throat, a bit nervous now— "well, now that we're together and all that, I feel like we should go somewhere. Celebrate a bit?"
Now the only thing left to do is tell him about the whole romantic aspect. But Dean will have time to do that later.
Balthazar is there already waiting for them, chatting in French with someone who has to be the pastry chef.
Dean groans and sits up fully while grabbing the back of his head. Yeah, that’s going to bruise, but thankfully he’s not bleeding. That would have been a bitch to clean up.
This is where Dean really starts getting nervous. He had managed to distract himself from thinking too much about the flight, but now that they're at the airport, a big lump in his chest starts to form and makes it a little harder to breathe with every minute that passes standing in the check-in line.
He slowly works his way down, kissing those sharp hip bones and then looks up when he reaches the belt, hands ready to ask with a look if Cas is good to continue. The other man just nods and tugs a little at his hair and Dean makes quick work of unbuckling and unzipping Cas’s jeans.
"If you ever dare to do that again, I will 'ave you out of this place so quickly, you will lose your fingers, English Boy. I will banish you."
It’s been a good while since Dean’s given a blowjob, but seeing the bulge in Cas’s boxer briefs makes his mouth water. He slowly pulls them down, over those sinfully big thighs he’s been staring at for so long, and kisses along Cas’s hips first, and works his way to where Cas is already half-hard.
“You called?” The angel appeared seemingly from nowhere. Dean yelped in surprise and anger filled Sam's gaze.
Castiel didn't get to finish that thought as Dean marched over and kissed him. Dean poured his heart and soul into the kiss. He expressed the feelings he felt when Cas was taken by The Empty: pain, loss, regret. He expressed the feeling  he felt when he saw Cas just about a couple minutes ago: relief, anger, joy. He expressed all the feeling in between: grief, hope, passion, love.
"Yeah, after that dream, I slept like a baby. I haven't slept like that since Mom..." he trailed off.
"You know I forgave him, right? I was hurt but I wasn't mad at him. I love him too. It's just... she's my mom."
"Dean, it's alright. Pain is a part of love. I left you after confessing my feelings for you and I am sure that was not a pleasant experience for you either." Dean wasn't ready for this conversation yet so he just nodded.
"No! You did this. You are the reason I ran away. Dean is the reason I stayed for as long as I did." He started punching a defenseless John. "You were supposed to take care of us. You left. Leaving Dean and me all alone. Dean wasn't supposed to replace mom. Dean needed you and you weren't there. You were hunting. You left him. I had him but he had no one. YOU are the reason Dean is so broken. YOU are the reason Dean wanted to kill himself as many times as he did. This is only on you. You left a 4 year old boy wondering what he did wrong to get his mom taken away and his father to leave only to come home to hit him." Sam yelled, still continuing to punch with every sentence. He kept hitting John for a couple more minutes until Gabe noticed him starting to get tired. Gabe got Sam off John and they both noticed that John hadn't even gotten a bruise. Gabe pulled Sam towards the door as he saw John stand up to resume his position.
"We are trying to come up with a new plan for Sam and Dean." Gabriel responded. He looked up to see Castiel in the leather jacket.
"Well, we can fight over breakfast now. And what did I tell you about chick flick moments? It's bad enough I have them with my boyfriend now." Dean said marching over to the breakfast table.
Gabriel sighed. He knew his brother was just trying to help but this wasn't a conversation he was ready for.
Dean grew nervous again, afraid of how Cas would answer that. Much to his surprise, Cas handled it like a pro.
"Sammy was 7 and he had a terrible fever. He had been throwing up all night and I was taking care of him. I managed to steal some medicine for him but it wasn't helping. When Sammy finally went to sleep for a couple of hours, he yelled at me. I had failed to take care of my little brother and that's why he had gotten so sick. It was my fault. He said a belt wasn't enough. He made me get a ruler from Sammy's backpack. It got so bad that I started screaming. That woke Sammy up. He made me put him back to sleep and when I came back, gave me round 2. A few days later, Sammy asked why his ruler was stained red. My dad looked at me and told him he had used it on one of the monsters." Dean only broke when he said the last sentence but Castiel had been crying silent tears throughout the entire story. Cas leaned back in and kissed Dean along the scar.
And that's the story. It became very domestic and a bit out of character but I think the boys deserve that. What do you think? Like it? Hate it? Let me know in the comments!
"Plus, if they die as angels, they would have to go to the Empty. If Dean and Sam still have their humanity, we could argue that they belong in heaven." Castiel added.
"I'll see how I feel once this is over." Gabriel decided. Sam thought it was strange that Gabriel was taking his job so seriously. It was definitely sketchy.
"And his word is God." Gabriel joked. This earned a laugh from Castiel and Jack. Dean looked as confused as ever and Sam rolled his eyes.
"That could work although, there are some details we need to think through. Dean and Castiel will be fine but we need to find a suitable angel for Sam. Angels can only take on humanity if they have been exposed to humanity enough. If we just get a random angel, they won't be able to adjust to any having emotions and would likely die. Also, it can only be archangel because their grace will be powerful enough to maintain their celestial status. Otherwise, humanity will overpower grace and then we would end up with an angel turning human. Lastly, humanity and grace are the essence of souls. If a pair of humanity and grace is created together, that is literally a soul mate. This means whoever ends up with humanity paired with Sam's grace will be his soul mate." Jack finished. The room stayed as everyone processed everything Jack just said.
"You didn't know because I didn't want you to know. It's that simple. I wanted you to escape. I had known your plan for weeks and let you go. You think 2 hunters wouldn't notice a 19 year old sneaking out. The one thing that horrified me besides the risk of losing you on a hunt was you finding out about dad or worse, him hitting you. I let you go because you would be safer that way. Not from the monsters but from our dad."
Sam was in the library trying to read up on a case but was losing focus. For Dean's sake, he pretended that everything was back to normal. Unfortunately, Dean had noticed that Sam's smiles had been more strained than usual and his bitch face had a twinge of sympathy to it. They had not talked about it in private yet since both the brothers wanted to take their time before approaching this topic.
"Because you haven't learned to access the dimension they keep their wings in." Jack answered. "That is something you both should work on next. If you keep your wings in this plane of existence, people will see it."
"Come on, Dean let's get you in the shower. You will feel more refreshed and then we can finish the breakfast." Castiel said.
In May, Dean and Cas went on a dangerous hunt where Cas had almost gotten killed. The demon they were tracking down happen to have an angel blade. It just barely grazed Cas before Dean stabbed the demon. Dean caught Cas before he could fall to the floor. In a moment of panic, Dean took his wedding band off and put it on Cas giving him the small grace it had. That had been enough to save Cas’ life but not enough to heal him. Dean brought him back to the bunker and patched him up.
Waking up, Dean feels that contentment through his whole body and it makes him smile even  before opening his eyes.
"'ey, American boy!" Dean looks up sharply and sees one of the men waving him over. "I need one more for my team. You play, oui?"
"This will help you. Also, they take about 20 minutes to get in your system, so it will be perfect for take-off," Cas says, while Dean reluctantly shakes out two pills out of the container. "But eat the bar first. It's not good to take them on an empty stomach."
Then there's the bed. A giant king-size bed, with beams that hold freaking curtains and a big, beautiful headboard with engravings.
"You're not so bad yourself," Cas says, and then drops down to suck at Dean's neck, while still working on their erections. Dean can only groan at that, and it's half because he feels so good but also because that's not at all what Cas was supposed to say.
