But this time, this most recent time, when Dean remembers it’s possible that Cas could come back, the thought is immediately contradicted with
with me, Cas? With
Wait, what?
Before he leaves though, Sam looks at him with a weird gooey mixture of concern, hopefulness, and pride. He asks, “So, if this works? If Cas comes when you call?"
He Thought about his feelings much more than he’d have liked to, thank you very much. His feelings told him:
kind for that matter, so it kind of made him feel like he was going to explode, but in the best way possible. He was still too anxious to initiate the affection himself, but when Cas gave it to him, he melted into his touch.
Like every cliche ever, Dean sees the light.
you meant it. I didn’t think you had the- the equipment to love someone that way, much less
“Say it again.”
, Cas of everything.” He looked up, trying to keep the next bout of tears from sliding down his cheeks. “But… the bottom line is, I love you, and not like a brother, not like a friend or anything like that. I’m in love with you, Cas. I’m so, hopelessly, stupidly in love with you.”
. I told myself I couldn’t because- ‘cause that would make me
take a thesaurus to do it well. He’s just never been great at that sort of thing, and it’s not exactly like he was raised in an environment that was on the up-and-up about men (or boys) sharing their thoughts and feelings.
I love you too.” He stared Cas right in the eyes, despite the difficulty, to make sure his sincerity was made clear, as well as his stubbornness to show how certain he was of his statement. He was still crying, but he pushed through it. “A-and like I said, when you told me, I didn’t say anything because I was in shock. There was so much going on… first people were disappearing, out of nowhere, and then Billie was trying to kill me, and then you… you fucking told me you made a damn
Okay, first of all, Dean did not know Cas was the type to use pet names. Second of all, Dean’s blushing and feels like crying again now.
Finally, Dean speaks up.
Cas grabs Dean’s waist again and presses their foreheads together, breathing each others’ air and words and cries. They share a breath now, their hearts beat in unison. They look into each others’ eyes, and they’re together as one.
Everything faded to black.
“I was never supposed to feel, Dean, my very design contradicts it. I’m supposed to be an emotionless soldier, built to serve God and Him only, take His orders and ask no questions. I was made to be ruthless and cunning, and I was certainly never supposed to love. I think… I think I used to be that way. Until I met you. You made me feel, and Heaven, the
“Well,” Sam started, “I retired, you know. A few years after you… died… and I settled down, with Eileen. We got ourselves a house and,” He sighs and raises his eyebrows as if he’s still in disbelief, his eyes showing he’s in a faraway world, “We made ourselves a home. A family. We even had a son.” Dean’s tearing up. God, he’s so fucking happy for him. That’s all he ever wanted for his brother, retirement and happiness, a family too if he wanted one, but he never thought Sam would actually be able to get it. It was always just a fantasy, a “what if” scenario, the sort of thing only normal people with regular lives got, not hunters, not them. But somehow, Sam got it.
They hadn’t moved from their spot, standing together in the middle of Dean’s new slightly Pine-Sol scented living room. Cas ran his hands down Dean’s back. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas’s neck. Cas carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. Their lips parted in sync and their tongues pushed together, back and forth, they drank up each other and got high on the feeling of being intertwined. It was, no pun intended, heavenly.
And then, Dean started crying.
He began his Thinking approximately once it had hit him that 1. Cas was likely not going to come back, and 2. Holy shit Cas said he loved him. At first, Dean pointedly ignored the Thoughts that arose and chose the much easier route of drinking himself half to death.
his feelings as much as acknowledged they existed and attempted to set them to the side because Cas was dead, goddammit, so it
“It hadn’t hit me… until after you were gone… what you said. And really I just didn’t know if I could be sure about what you meant. About
Dean may be dead, but he feels more alive now than ever before.
Later, after Sam and Cas had reunited, the latter and Dean retired back to the house. The sun had long since gone down, and they were lying in bed on their sides, facing each other. Who would’ve thought Heaven had night time, by the way? Weird. Anyway, the two were going to sleep soon but were putting it off; they couldn’t get enough of one anothers’ company. One thing Dean had already noticed about Cas since they’d gotten together earlier that day was that he was always touching Dean, always wanting to keep a part of their bodies together, even in small ways. He would hold Dean’s hand, or caress his cheek, or place his hand at the small of his back.
After a few more minutes to make themselves look presentable and a little less like they’re been crying their hearts out, they head to the door before Sam leaves out of pure impatience. Before they head out, though, Dean looks at the angel to ask something that’s been on his mind.
Dean untucked his head and met Cas’s eyes. “Like, are you going to have to go do angel duties and leave me here alone?”. Cas looked back at him like he was offended that the other man would even suggest he’d leave after such a monumental occurrence between them.
Holy fuck, holy fucking shit, son of a bitch, goddammit…  I’m in love with Cas.
“How did you get here?”
When Cas felt the other man’s tears hit his own cheeks he gently pulled away, concern etched into his eyebrows. “Dean? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”. In response, Dean let out a half-sob-half-laugh. “I don’t think I
big picture. For Dean, there was no big picture, not without Cas. He wasn’t lying about being able to unwind a bit, release of tension was basically a given when it came to knowing Chuck wasn’t in charge of the entire universe anymore, but he was putting on more of a brave face for Sam than he actually felt. And if he were being honest, putting on a brave face for himself, to avoid how he was
And dammit, Cas is looking at Dean like he’s his entire world again.
. So, how was Dean truly feeling?
“Yes, my love?”
He and Sam sat together on a bench in silence for a moment, enjoying the view of the almost-too-green trees and the birds singing in perfect harmony, chirping and looking like a splash of burnt umber paint on the royal blue sky. It probably should unsettle Dean, how utterly perfect it is up here, but somehow it doesn’t. It feels right.
him those other times. Some important matters required his assistance or some Big Time Celestial Being had a penchant for him. But this time, God wasn’t there to resurrect him for his little story, and Heaven was in shambles, so neither of them would, or could, give half a shit. Even Jack, who was the new God, had pledged to be hands-off (and while Dean can kinda dig the whole nuance of that, there are just some matters that could genuinely benefit by cosmic inference,
“I’m sorry I didn’t try to get you back. I didn’t know how to and I was terrified. I should’ve tried, I should’ve asked Jack to bring you back before he left. I wish I had a good reason for that but I just… can’t really explain. I was
feeling.
to see Cas again. So for now, he does what he does best and
much less his sexuality. But at a time like this, he couldn’t help but wonder if Sam already knew, and was just too damn considerate to ever bring it up. Goddamn his brother and his goddamn fucking compassion.
Dean was done denying himself.
The tick of his watch (why do they have watches up here, anyway?).
he’s completely utterly gone, and he did it to save
The moment Dean’s lips connected to Cas’s, Cas let out a small yelp of surprise. He was certainly not expecting this, and he hadn’t had any time to process what was happening. Dean could feel the other man’s shock in his stiffness and gasp, but he supposes that’s to be expected when you kiss your best friend, whose romantic feelings they thought were unrequited, right upon reuniting.
about how he’s feeling, much less describe it. Not to be, well, cliche, but those cliche words hardly hit the surface of his grief, and nothing in the human language ever would. Cas is gone,
even though deep down Dean knew his brother had likely already gathered the answer to that. And honestly okay,
Dean is dead. Cas is… well honestly right now Dean doesn’t know if Cas is technically dead or alive, because he didn’t have time to ask (there were more urgent matters at hand), but either way, it’s about time. Dean Winchester needs to talk about his motherfucking feelings.
Cas’s eyes were growing wet now as they bore into Dean’s. He hadn’t realized how much stress he must’ve been putting on Dean by hitting him with those words at such a time. He was absentmindedly stroking Dean’s back comfortingly, waiting for him to continue, still silent as he promised to be.
“You know, uh, Cas said something to me, before The Empty took him.” Sam was already looking at him with the big understanding eyes and sympathetic brow, exactly how Dean knew he would. Apparently he kept that trait throughout his eighty-six years of life. Ignore it, he told himself, ignore the puppy-dog eyes. Sam didn’t say anything, of course, the considerate bastard, he was waiting for Dean to speak. “Well uh, I suppose no one ever actually told you but… back a few years before…
Of course, Dean always knew he would die on the job. Hell, he’d known from the first time he’d ever shot a real gun that this would be the way he went out, but still, something seemed so awfully untimely about it. He’d just saved the world (for like what, the third time?) you’d think he’d get more than a few days to bask in that glory.
Dean replies with a dramatic eye-roll and sigh, clears his throat, then half-shouts “Gimme a moment!”. Cas chuckles.
those words, show how much they meant them.
“If I’d have known before, if I hadn’t ignored all the signs, Cas I…” He trailed off.
“Dean,” he hears from his side, but he doesn’t move. “
“Yes, I have.”
Cas told Dean he loved him, he doesn’t ask if it was meant as brotherly, because he doesn’t need to. Somehow, he knows, and Dean knows he knows.
to his fear filled him with
like that…”
But once they’d taken care of Chuck he had no excuse to avoid it anymore, so begrudgingly, he did some Thinking. And boy, did he Think.
He told himself that Cas meant it in a friendly, brotherly way. He distinctly ignored how that wouldn’t make sense, how the things Cas said about him and the fact that saying those three words to Dean was his one true happiness.
Dean goes and sees Bobby again to ask if he knows where to find Cas. In response, he receives “It’s Heaven, ya idjit, just pray to the damn guy!”. But then , unexpectedly, he’s also shown a genuine smile, given a clap on the back, and another pair of mushy eyes that he was so tired of being subjected to today, but this time from someone else, who mushy eyes were much less characteristic of. Then finally, Bobby tells him, “You go get ‘im, boy. Good luck.”.
“But Heaven is, well, forever, right?” asked Dean, doubtingly. “That is one of its attributes, yes,” Cas answered. “So you want to spend
“Say Cas… can you get married in Heaven?”
be broken up here, Dean. It’s Heaven.”
And the answer makes Dean cry.
worth it. You made me love.”
I couldn’t feel that way, for a million different reasons, but they were all just excuses. Excuses why I couldn’t be happy.
Anyway, back to the matter at hand here; Dean’s dying, and he’s fading fast. He holds Sammy close, one of the last people Dean has left, and thinks of how he’s leaving his baby brother all alone. He thinks of all the things he could’ve done in the future, all the things he should’ve done in the past, and what led him to this moment. Dean has gone up against the vilest creatures the world had to offer, he’s been to Hell, Heaven, and Purgatory. He has literally fought God and the Devil. He’s died countless times and always managed to come back.
Cas’s brows furrow a bit, betraying his confusion.
Cas came closer to Dean, cupped his face once again, and planted a soft peck on the man’s lips.
“Ehem… you’ve been in Heaven for some time, right?”
Cas looked back at him, a bit of surprise obvious on his face, then he nodded his OK at Dean.
Yet here he is, now, taking his final breaths, dying by being impaled by a giant rusty fucking nail. What a way to go, he thought.
or anything. But, it still feels surreal to have made it upstairs.
doesn’t ask
Distraught, inconsolable, miserable, and all those other thesaurus words. Dean has emotionally repressed himself his whole life so much so that he can’t even articulately
“Hmm?”
“Now I lay me down to sleep… um, forever… I pray to Castiel to get his feathery ass dow- or uh,
“Cas?”
“Well then, let’s go find him.”
After a few moments, Cas attempted to separate his lips from the other’s (though he fucking hated doing that, he’d rather do this forever but he needed some clarification) and let out a “
Dean knelt on the (pristinely polished) floor of his new house. He could’ve sworn he smelt Pine-sol if he sniffed hard enough. Logically, Dean knows kneeling won’t improve the chances of Cas showing up, but he also knows kneeling is like Prayer 101, and If he was gonna pray to Cas he was really gonna
, telling me how good of a person I am and I’m
So this was it.
Dean let out a giant shaky breath he didn’t realize he was holding. God, that was the most Dean’s talked about his feelings in probably his entire life. He’s exhausted. And incredibly relieved. (And, in love).
. That I couldn’t because you didn’t feel the same, which I know isn’t true now. I just
“When did you go,” He glances over at his brother nursing another shitty-but-awesome beer, “and how?”. Sam looks back at him, a content smile crossing his features. Dean doesn’t exactly know how aging works here yet, but Sam looks young like he remembers him being when he himself died. It worries him a bit, because he took solace up here knowing (hoping) his brother would get to live a long fulfilling life, even if he hadn’t.
very long for this one thing and it’s finally here. They can finally have it, unapologetically, unabashedly, and in full color.
“You’re going to shut up, and you’re going to listen.”
“Hey uh, Cas?”
After Cas died, Dean had done himself some good old-fashioned Thinking. Some Thinking that he now realized was long overdue, but hey, better late than never.
It was a botched effort to ask
“I was waiting on your call.”
a highly intelligent turkey, has gone through his fair share of physical pain in his life and can therefore semi-confidently use it as a metaphor. So if you forced him to take a stab (no pun intended) at describing how he feels he’d say: it felt as though someone skinned him alive, layer by layer to the bone while making him watch his own flesh get filleted in the process, as well as intermittently having acid poured on his raw body, gotten knives shoved under his fingernails, had his eyeballs shish-kebabed, organs eaten by rats while he’s still soberingly conscious- well, I think you get the picture at this point. Dean is not feeling so great.
“Of course, if I were going to say something..." Perking up, Belpfagor began, sharing a quick, amused glance between Dean, Cas and the waitress, ‘’As of course, I won’t!” he hastily added at the warning look Sam flashed at him.
Sam is staring, wide-eyed, “Dude, did you just--” he gasps, then chuckles, "Oh... My... God.'' Pushing himself off the window, Sam scrubs his hand through his hair again before he nods. ’’Then it’s settled.’’ he says softly, still with a bemused look and clasps Dean gently on his shoulder. ’’We should go and pick that grumpy, weird Angel up.’’ Then his eyes lighting up with purpose, he asks, ‘’Are you ok to drive or shall I take over?’’
He turned to walk away then, but in a blink of an eye, like a vicious snake, jumping out from his seat, hand shooting out, Dean grabbed Cas’ upper arm, halting him in his track.
Something swoops and flips dangerously in Dean’s stomach before his eyes fly quickly back to the vision before him. He still has only a back view of that tousled dark hair and a pale strip of skin of a neck over the collar, but he can tell by the little jerking movement that the man swallows. And Dean swallows nervously too, and for a second he has to steady himself on the opened door when his knees give just a little out. He grips it, hard, and takes a shaky breath. Then, keeping his eyes locked on the back of that head, he steps forward, one step at a time.
When they finally broke apart for some much needed air, their foreheads remained pressed together as they struggled to catch their breath. A small chuckle erupted from the hunter’s chest as a curious thought came to his mind.
“Hi there, my name is Dean Thompson,” Dean said with his typical charming smile. “This is my partner Jack Page.” He gestured to the kid, who flashed his badge with an identical charming smile. Just like his father taught him.
“But he can’t see it.” Jack finishes, understanding in his eyes.
"That's great Charlie but is that why you called?" Dean quickly cut in, he didn't want to think about his relief at knowing he would never see that horrible man again. The scumbag deserved to be behind bars...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean handed Cas a gear bag, his brow raised questioningly. “Didn’t know you still cared so much about bees.” The hunter teased, grinning with amusement. Cas simply shrugged and mumbled something akin to “They’re cute” through the blush forming on his cheeks. To anyone else their conversation would have seemed benign, but Cas knew better. He remembered the last time Dean had seen him with bees quite vividly. His cheeks flushed even further.
"Hey Dean!!" Charlie answered in her bright tone. Dean couldn't help but smile and feel a little relief at hearing her usual cheerful voice. "Hey Charlie." He rasped not realizing how sleepy his voice sounded before then.
Dean sighed in relief when Cas finally sank into him. The hunter felt full, like a final puzzle piece had finally locked into place. They both sat in companionable silence for a moment, letting it all sink in. Their profound bond vibrant among both of their hearts, pure love coursing through every pore, every breath. Nothing could ever top this moment. This was paradise.
Follow Me:
The words spun around too fast in Castiel's head he suddenly felt dizzy. He stammered a weak "What...?"
Dean and Cas drove away from the ice cream parlor parking lot with no clear destination in mind. They rolled the windows down and decided to drive down by the coast. The air smelled of sea salt and sand. Hopefully, they could find families enjoying the warm summer sun, . Secretly, they both wanted to lose themselves within each other. Enjoy another stolen moment, just like it had been for years. Dean smiled as they drove for what seemed like a thousand miles. They made occasional small talk, mostly just content to be in each other’s company.
“Jesus, that’s bad. Did they find anything weird at the scene or on the bodies?” Dean said with a grimace.
"Excuse me, I was told I was to help being a Cupid. Why do I have to charm someone? Don't cupid's have arrows and such for that?"
Dean smiled as they came to a stop in front of Ronny’s, taking one of the few parking spots left near the entrance. The hunter turned in his boyfriend’s warm embrace and wrapped his arms around him in turn. Tears made his vision blurry as he buried his face in the crook of Cas’s neck before placing a small kiss to the skin he found there.
They were there in the hunch of Dean’s shoulders. In the emptiness of his once bright, lively green eyes. In the tiny, trembling twitch of his lips when he thought nobody was watching. In the quirking, curled smiles that never reached his eyes. In the increasing numbers of empty bottles of beer and whiskey scattered all around the Bunker’s rooms. And in the moments when Sam woke during the nights, standing and listening helplessly before his brother’s door as Dean: ripped to pieces in a nightmare, sobbed and screamed — varying in fury, pain, longing or guilt — for Cas.
Sam knew his brother. The same way you knew the lines in your palms: the crick-crocks, the deepness of it, but every time you play close attention to it, you find something new, something mesmerizing. Like Sam was doing now by watching his brother’s face, the transgression it went through in the mere seconds Dean needed to get out of baby to reach and cement himself before Cas.
“Don’t,” Dean whispers, shaking his head. “Don’t you – don’t you dare say that.” There is silence inside the car and Dean’s breathing too heavily, heart beating too hard again for that. There’s a wash of white noise in his ears before he chokes out. ’’It’s Cas. I know it’s him.’’
Because since the very first day he met Cas, he hadn’t been content and didn’t want to drift. While part of him, the part that was doubts and angst and pride and heart, was wounded every time Cas bailed on him—the other part, the bigger part, never stopped wanting him. And he wanted Cas with everything he got, because there wasn't a fucking inch of him- body, soul and heart- Cas left unclaimed.
The gasping breath of Sam should’ve been enough to kick Dean back to his senses, but his mind’s still reeling with hope, confusion and unspeakable happiness.
The thought he is dead, he is dead, he is
"Yes, you should have," Cas interrupted, shocking Dean into silence. The horrified apology that was on the tip of Dean’s tongue dried up as he stared into those stunningly blue but angry eyes.
They watched each other like that for a long second, till the joyful expression on Cas’s face softened into something more reflective, something poignant and hurtful.
His chest twisted uneasily as Chuck’s words- when he showed him their possible futures- suddenly exploded in his head.
And with that, he turned and walked quickly away.
He scowled, jammed his hands in his pockets, shifted. He thought facing all kind of monsters would be easier than saying what he was about to say. They certainly couldn’t choke his throat any less.
Something sparked in Cas' eyes and when anger was rolling off of him in waves, Dean swallowed hard. "Cas, I feel like a fucking idiot. I – I should've known, I should’ve realized-- "
His eyes meet Cas’ and he blinks slowly at the bright, burning look he’s receiving. ‘’I love you too Dean,’’ Cas says, impossibly soft.
“Figure it out.” Cas snapped, shooting up, then he strode briskly toward the door.
Cas lets out a surprised gasp against his lips but he lifts his hands to cup the side of Dean’s cheeks and his mouth opens under Dean’s with a shuttered sigh. And it prompts Dean to deepen the kiss, to dive into him. It’s staggeringly right and deep and thorough and slow and utterly erotic, and it drives Dean completely out of his mind, and he's trembling and gasping into the heat of Cas’ mouth.
He was going to make Cas interested, Dean decided. And fast. Before another fricking apocalypse gonna fall on their heads.
Doubt and angst and worry jolted through Dean again. Fear, that when he mentioned, confessed all this, being a full mojoed, badass angel again, Cas would tell him that it wasn’t the kind of thing that he was interested in.
But Dean refused to acknowledge the guilt that was already crowding his throat. So he pushed it back and instead pinned Cas with a hard glare and shouted, his voice growing louder and louder. ‘’No. He knew. He knew something was wrong with the kid. He knew it, and he didn't tell us! He didn't even tell us!’’
‘’That you are head over heels in love with the guy.’’ And then Sam smiles.
When they got inside the dinner, Sam saw and felt the tension that was cutting through the air like a sharpened blade, between Cas and his brother.
Everybody was back. Everybody, but Cas.
And wasn’t that the core of it? The way he felt about Sam, Cas or Jack. Protective, proprietary and possessive. Even when he was a fucking arrogant jerk. Even when he was an ass or disappointed and downright mad, dangerous, furious, and even when he said shit he didn’t really mean.
They stay as they are, entwined and breathing shakily for a while. Dean doesn’t care anymore about where they are or who might hear or see them. He doesn’t even try to hide the warm glow that’s growing and spreading in his chest, filling over the terrible emptiness with every passing second Cas is breathing, locked in his arms. He only wants that it never ends.
But his heart is beating hard through the whole drive as adrenaline firing through his body.
Cas compressed his lips tightly, “If you’ll excuse me,” he said, eyes darting toward Sam, once more ignoring Dean and Belfagor, “I really must be going.”
And at the look on Cas’ face, Dean suddenly felt like he was standing on the top of a very steep hill, realizing that he was about to tumble down.
Sam’s eyes are huge and soft, his expression worried and sympathetic as he glances pointedly down at Dean’s hands.
…’’ Cas empathized with a small twitching of his lips, '’could stop breathing.’’
‘’Oh come on man. It’s a fucking LEGEND. The angel: Castiel, who fell for the Winchester brothers, and maybe did a bit more then fell with the older." Belphegor said, head jerking towards Dean and Cas with a shrewd expression on his face.
"Don't!" Cas interrupted, storm flashing and burning in his eyes, Hell, Dean could even feel the static around him. ’’Don’t call me that.’’
With a strangled sound he clenched his hands in his hair and dropped his head to his knees as a horrified, raw, almost animalistic sound of grief and regret tore up from his throat. And then suddenly he was crying, gasping for air between short, deep, breathless hitches that seemed to wrack his whole body, because all that time – all those long horrible months and years of pushing Cas away, and making him suffer when he could've –
Cas pressed a kiss to the space below Dean's ear, "I've never stopped loving you," he continued, his lips sliding down over the side of Dean's cheek, and Dean could feel the words against his skin, making his heart hammering in his ribs, his pulse rushing wildly in his ears. ’'I can no more stop loving you than
Sam didn’t dare to look at his brother, because he knew all the shit, he’d find there. He was familiar with it too. He’s been there before too, when people tried to hit on Cas… But when his eyes flickered down and to the right, and caught sight of the white knuckled grip of Dean’s fingers at the edge of their table, it still took him by surprise.
There was grief, sorrow and guilt. Even through Dean’s usual façade, deep and abiding, all of it was there.
All he wanted was to have Cas back with him again, not perfect and not always present but he’d feel him, impossibly weird, grumpy and his. He just wanted to have those impossibly blue eyes stare at him with that intense look, like he was something precious, like he’d hung the moon. He wanted those eyes to roll in fond exhaustion at his fucked up choices and stubbornness. He wanted that mouth to curl up into half smiles which made his knee go all jittery.
Scrapping the back of his neck, Dean shifted his weight again. “When you died, and I thought this time it was for real —" Dean's throat constricted just to think about that, “I was totally out of my fucking mind. And I swore if by any miracle I’d have you back, I’d make everything different. Man, we’ve known each other for almost ten years. That’s a long time.”
Cas said it was what he did. Fighting, killing monsters, saving people, staying one step ahead of the next bad, trying to keep everybody safe. Cas said he could do it.
It punches Dean, right in the gut. How could he ever believed he would be able to live without him.
Dean jerks his head up at that and his eyes fly to Sam across the seat. “I know that, God,’’ he bursts out, cutting Sam off. “You don’t need to fucking tell me that, Sam. I’ve seen it. And you have no clue how much it took me to stand up from that ground and carry on with my fucking life.’’
But, ah hell. Now that he thought about it, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. What if Cas went back to Heaven and he was never to see him again?
‘’Dean,’’ he snapped his name again, his tone carrying heaviness, shooting him a warning, reproachful look.
God, he needed air, needed to get out as much to chill his blood as to clear his head.
But, he should've — He should've realized it wasn’t
And when Cas asked, in regard to his answer, ‘’How? We don't even know where your mother is.’’ It took Dean everything he got to reign in the storm of emotions surging inside him, and not to throw Cas around.
And then Dean found himself swirled, the heel of Cas’ hand pressed to his chest, hard, as he was shoved against the door, and then Cas attacked his lips.
‘’Look man, I just mean-- I know how much Cas means to you, and I know how devastated you were… you are by grief. I’ve seen what it does to you, what it cost you each time he-- he died... to come back from that.’’
“Cas. Buddy.” He said quietly, trying for a voice, carefully picked free of emotions. ‘’I’m sorry. I know I failed you again and I hurt you. And I’m really sorry for that.’’ Dean's tone went from testy to miserable in an instant. “After Lucifer took a ride in your vessel and we got you back, I promised you— I’d never fail you again.” When his voice creaked, mortified, Dean swore under his breath and dragged a hand through his hair. “I—I promised
So instead he found himself grumbling and lashing out at Cas for stupid things. Found himself drinking more, fucking more women, in a sort of unpleasant, panicky compulsion, every time just the sight of Cas made him breathless and terrified, because he wanted to hug him, touch him. Wanted to run his fingers down the line of Cas’ strong, stubborn jaw, then skim them —badly— over those ridiculously seductive lips. And, what with the passing of time just became everytime: he just simply wanted Cas to be near him.
What if Cas wasn’t coming back? What if he had finally decided that he wasn’t putting anymore up with Dean’s abusive, aggressive shit?
Breathless, Dean stared back with a darkened, slightly hazed gaze, then he smiled crookedly in that way that always made Cas’ knees a little weak, though there was still a hard look about his eyes that puzzled Cas.
But of course, Sam, the ethernal peacemaker between them, jumped there in front of Cas as if to protect him from Dean’s wrath.
“What?!”
Sam sighed and rubbed his neck at the tightening of Dean’s jaw, the clear sign of Dean’s anger reaching a dangerous level. He closed his eyes and swallowed, awaiting the storm.
A hot ball of emotions tightening his throat, eyes never leaving Cas’ face, Dean’s legs were moving forward of their own volition. He came to a halt within an arm reach of Cas, and lifting his hand, slowly, testing, he touched Cas’ shoulder, and when Cas didn’t shrink away from his touch, Dean closed his arms around his angel's back and pulled him into a tight hug.
Crying hot, fast tears that spread all over his face and seeped into the fabric of Sam’s jacket. And when Dean cried harder, and harder, shuddering, and panting distressful, choking noises and words about Cas... For the first time in his life, Sam considered the chance, that his brother might not come back from that loss.
he fear and panic in them, the rawness of it, the hitching in his breath when he gasped Cas’ name --was painful to hear, to watch, and it made something stuck in Sam’s already dry throat.
That lush, hot mouth opened over his and Dean moaned, low and deep, helpless to resist. It wasn’t a sweet, slow or unsure kind of first kiss. It was bordering on uncontrolled.
And it bothered Dean. Cas in pain has never sit with him well...
He was
His eyes fixed on Cas’ face, unblinking, and as he watches he sees the transition. The tiny smile that touched the corner of Cas’ mouth slips completely down, and those seductive, full lips twitch and quiver with hurt and guilt as Cas reads the emotions on Dean’s face. There is a twinge of pain in those too blue, apologetic eyes, a slight hunch of Cas’ shoulders, and Dean realizes his fists are clenched, hard, against his tights. Cas flinches and his lips are parting in a silent whisper of Dean’s name.
Cas remained still, his eyes solemn and sad, and Dean’s gaze never strayed from Cas’ face as he gave Sam a short, reassuring nod.
’’But we saw his wings on the--’’ Sam starts with disbelieve.
‘’I’m not fucking--’’ Cas started, then he trailed off and let out a long sight. ‘’It was our choice. It might seem as a mistake now, but it just might be that under the same circumstances, I would do the same again. Because like it or not, Gabriel is my brother. And for that, I could not, and will not let him suffer, not if I could help it. And just because he behaved most selfishly and decided not to join us, it doesn't mean I should give up on him. Maybe you should also remember, that he did help us before.’’ Cas’ eyes lit, but he spoke with measured tone when he added. ‘’And I don’t appreciate you casting a blame on me and Sam for something, were you in our shoes, I’m not sure you would’ve done any differently.’’
He didn’t know where he was going as he put his clothes back on. But the dense, bone-penetrating mist that had descended his mind needed to clear. As he stepped out of the bunker, the sharp brace of the cold air seeped in, sweeping through his body and head, eventually easing some of the tension that was still coiling in his body like a frenzied, frightened snake.
And as he was staring into those stunningly blue, angry eyes, as it so often happened if it came to Cas, Dean found himself freaking out and incredibly aroused on the same breath, earning him a half hard dick. He swallowed hard, because Castiel, that gorgeous Angel of the Lord, sitting there with a smitting face, eyes blazing with righteous fury …
Taking a deep breath against the sudden urge to actually, really, fucking puke, "Because--’’ Sam threw Belphegor a furious look. ‘’You … you just better shut your mouth.’’ He managed to ground out through the thrumming, sickly flood of heat that was dangerously crowding up his throat.
It was Cas.
His eyes ran over Cas’ face, that face, which was now so dear and more familiar to Dean as his own. Over the tears slipping down Cas’ face, tears he shouldn’t bloody be able to have. Over those chapped, plump, trembling lips, Dean wanted to taste for more than a decade.
It’s pure reflex. Dean smiles back. ‘’Shut up,’’
If he ever had the slightest doubt about if his brother was really in love with his angel friend, in that moment, even that lingering doubt dissapeared. In that moment, watching the emotions swirling in Dean’s eyes as they met with Cas’, Sam understood the depth and intensity of that love.
After Sam left the room, Dean walked to the fridge for a beer he didn’t want, but maybe if there was something in his hands they might not shake so bad.
And at that. Because of remembering that, a determination rose in Sam’s chest. Hot and heavy.
But Dean found it difficult to hear anything but the roaring in his head. “No one’s ever needed me except Sam. I’ve never wanted anyone to need me except him. It gets in the way. But I want that from you. I want you to need me, because I need you. Because I’ve never loved anybody the way I love you, and this terrible need I have for you is making me crazy."
Sam falls back to lean against the window. He swallows, keeps his eyes locked on Dean’s face, watchful, knowing, and takes a deep breath.
Things between them might not be fixed, not yet, but for the first time in months, without a shadow of a doubt, Cas felt the wounds between them begin to heal a little more with every press of lips, every hitch of their breaths.
‘’Good.’’ Dean cut Cas off, too harsh, too careless, too loud.
‘'Yes, You’re right. Sam is the most compassionate and big hearted man I’ve ever in my long life encountered.’’ Cas answered with a smile, holding Dean’s angry gaze without a flinch. ‘’And you must know, how lucky I consider myself to call him my brother, as well I’m sure you know, that I wouldn't hesitate, not for a second to give my life for his.’’
From the moment they met, Dean didn’t know what it was about Castiel, Angel of the Lord.
Cas tried to jerk free and his eyes went from cool to ballistic when Dean snagged his arm. “Don’t mess with me, Dean. Let me go, I have nothing more to say.”
‘’Don’t fuck my words with me, Cas.’’
…………………….
, Cas felt like this just as long as Dean did, and he had harboured these feelings, this one, ultimate secret from him in fear of rejection, of hate or disgust, and Dean hated that. Hated especially that everything Cas had just mentioned— his resigned statement that the one thing he wanted, he could never have —came from Dean’s fucking cowardness and bloody self-esteem issues and putting the saving of world, always -always first… and Cas second.
“Just like that? You’re not going to think about it?” Dean panted when Cas lifted his head to look up at him, and Dean found the ability to speak.
Then his mood made an extraction from the root, when it hit him- sharp, horrible and cold- in his gut.
After effortlessly tugging his arm free of Dean’s grip, Cas stepped back, putting two feet of clear space between them, and smiling thinly, he curled a cool, challenging brow at Dean.
“Sorry. You were saying?” Cas asked with cool eyes and a stoic face.
“No,” he snapped, shaking Sam’s hand off. ’’No,’’ he whispered again, his fingers clutching Cas’ in a tight grip.
Sam just really wouldn't, couldn't go there now... How from the second Jack’s body moved but came clear it wasn’t him, he’s been trying to push down the sizzingly hot guilt and wretched pain that was burning through every part of him. Horrible and hot.
There were so many dead.
‘’Kids these days,’’ Belfagor shook his head with a theatrical sigh, but at Sam’s glare, he made a zipping notion over his mouth, then along with Sam turned his attention toward the parking lot. Because… Because … Just.
Curious and amused, Sam watched the way Dean tucked his restless hands into his jean’s pockets, then pulled them out just to jam them back in again, like a nervous teenager boy on his first date, and it was a wow,
badly wanted to push him down on the bed, roll over him and kiss him senseless.
He hissed in a shaky breath, all too aware of his heart tripping in his chest, of the heat invading his face and flaring down between his legs.
“The hell it is.” Furious, Dean shot back, twirling to face Cas, knocking his fist on the table. Then he took a deep breath. “You know damn well that’s not alright.”
If anything, the tension between him and Cas had gotten so worse, the room was on the edge of exploding with it. But as always, Cas didn’t shirk from Dean’s furious stare. The two of them just stood there, facing off each other, as had happened too many damned times to count before. And at last, it was Dean who broke their staring match— as had also happened too many damned times to count before.
....................................
Dean laughed again with a rush of joyful relief. He trailed his fingers through Cas' adorably messy hair, then cupping the back of his neck, he pulled Cas' head closer, and pressed his lips to Cas'. And he just stayed like that, breathing Cas in, feeling shattered, how those small, hot puffs of air of Cas's breath could send shivers of happiness down his spine.
‘’I understand your anger Dean. I understand your frustration. As you’d say we fucked up...But it never occurred to me, as I’m sure it did not to Sam either, that Gabriel might say no, and just take off after he got his strengths back.’’
Cas’ eyes flashed on Dean with a sudden heat. ‘’Yes, it’s only befitting we should make so.’’ Cas murmured against Dean’ mouth. Then grabbing the back of Dean’s neck he pulled him in and poured the words of their compromises, deeply, into Dean’s mouth.
And it doesn’t matter that any anger or resentment he might have felt toward Cas was quickly doused, right the moment Cas stumbled out of the door after Dean, like the fucking ass he was, demanded off him to look for his mother in Heaven. And later, Sam’s tongue lashing was just another brick on the growing big pile of Dean's guilt; for the suffering and heartache he knew, he’s caused to Cas.
Because it's Cas.
‘’What the fuck, Cas?’’ Dean asked, and when Sam’s eyes flicked to his brother, he encountered an expression he rarely saw on Dean’s face: Uncertainty and vulnerability.
I’d never let you feel again, that you didn’t matter.’’
‘’If we can't open the door, then I should never have come back.’’ Dean roared, his voice booming across the room, echoing off the walls.
‘’Hit me.’’ Dean blurted out, too loud, to rough for Sam's taste.
Everything feels new and yet, achingly familiar, making Dean feel a rare, bone-deep contentment.
But before he’d fall into that typical and pathetic mind-set again Dean cursed himself, stood up from the floor, wiped at his eyes with the sleeve of his coat and set his thoughts on the job at hand. He stepped out into the corridor and called Sam back.
His brain still existing in an euphoric stop while he  breathes out. “Cas. It’s Cas.”
Dean’d completely surrounded him. His breath gusted against Cas’ cheek. His scent invaded Cas’ senses, breaching his carefully constructed walls of resentment. Dean's shattered, but still beautiful soul and strong, physical domination, simply took Cas' breath away. And as much as he resented it, it made Cas hard and desperate, and as always, unable to resist the pull of Dean’s maddening orbit.
Cas' eyes flashed a warning when Dean took an unconscious stepped toward him, then he jumped up, turned on his heels and stormed out of the room. And yet, when the door of Cas’ room slammed shut, Dean couldn't help the stab of relief.
Their eyes lock and then, unbelievably, everything fucking stops again.
His eyes keep searching Dean’s face for a moment before he takes a long, rather shaky breath, then says in a quiet voice. ’‘I’m sorry.’’ And Dean notices guiltily that Cas' lashes are a little damp before he looks away.
"Right.”
Sam winced and swallowed hard, rendered speechless by the intensity of Dean’s outburst. Hell, he could almost feel his blood slow, go sluggish and his stomach twisting into tight, slick knots.
And the thing in Dean’s chest twists sharply, and he hears himself choking out, ’’Cas,’’ then in a quite different voice, “You bastard.”
Then he walked to Cas’ door and without knocking - it’s not like Cas was sleeping or with Cas being a celestial thing ( Cas' words, not his) he couldn't hear Dean approaching - he stepped into Cas' room and shut the door quietly behind him.
Sam loved his brother. He really did. But it took him everything what’s left of his already scattered energy not to go there and punch Dean in his face for the bone deep, wretched pain, the tell tailed quivering lips: he’d caught on Cas’ face.
Cas was breathing heavily, looking wild, but his voice was soft and unsteady as he said his name again.
Cas, Sam and Jack. They were his family.
“You okay?’’ Dean asked. The cold, gruffy mask perfectly on it’s place.
But the way the waitress’ head jerked toward Cas, in Sam’s view, chancing a pretty big risk of a whiplash, Sam couldn’t help it but being a little bit intrigued.
“Well, we shouldn't break an old tradition then,”
Even his breathing and his heart.
He’d never mentioned it. And while he was grieving and suffering too, walking around with a deep, Cas shaped hollow in his chest, Sam knew it was different for his brother.
As stealthily as he could, he walked back toward his room with a thrill of happiness for his brother and best friend, that sprinted through him, then settled, warm and easy, making him grin like an idiot.
It was a harsh sound, shallow and struggling, cracking through Dean like an electric bolt- but it was the most beautiful sound in the world.
Trying to get his traitorous libido in check, Dean took in and out a slightly hitching breath, and pushed away from the door.
Cas knew Dean better than Dean knew himself. Cas knew Dean's ghosts, recognized them, felt them, accepted them and handled them. He was the first person who had ever managed to break through and get behind the thick walls built of Dean's go-to-hell-and-back-again attitude. He was linked with Dean in a way that went beyond the physical, even the emotional. It was lifted and hovering in something soul deep and spiritual.
''Yeah. Yeah I know.'' Dean breathed with a shattering noise, hiding his face in the crook of Cas' shoulder, his arms closing tight over Cas' back as his hands cupped the back of Cas' head.
Dean’s head jerked up at that and his heart jumped into his throat. “Excuse me? Come again?”
“Dean, did you hear what I’ve said? I’ve no more change left--”
Cas quirked a challenging eyebrow.
His mother was dead.
''That's one way of putting it.''
It happened so fast, like the moment after the release of a bullet. And then, before Dean even had a chance to gather himself and stand up, along with Billie, Cas was gone.
''I'm a quick study, Dean.'' Cas grumbled with a smile in his eyes, with the curve of those luscious lips. “I love you, Dean.” He said in a low voice. Then he leaned his head until his lips brushed the shell of Dean's ear. "I have loved you from the very second I laid my eyes on you and I always will." He whispered into Dean's ear, the hotness of his breath causing a hot shiver down Dean's spine, so sharp that Dean's breath stuttered for a long moment before he'd regain it with a huge intake of air.
......
He doesn’t have time for weakness now. For Jack’s sake, he needs to be strong and comforting and gentle. But his breathing is uneven for the whole ride it takes them to reach the bunker.
“Why do we have such a hard time hearing each other?” Cas asked. “Listen up,” he ordered, and kissed Dean so firmly that it made Dean's already scattered brain more dizzy.
, that was never not sexy and always a badly timed turn on.
But beneath the obvious pissed off look, Sam could see the soul deep sadness, grief and heartache in Cas’ ridiculously blue, liquid gaze. He could see the strain of effort it took Cas to keep his head up and stay cool and nonchalant in the face of Dean’s wrath. The hollowness, written all over in the lines on Cas' face.
He drags in a deep breath and reaches for control. So, instead of grabbing Sam, he clenches his fists and leans in close.
Congratulations, Dean Winchester, he told bitterly to himself. You finally, fucking succeeded to drive Cas away.
And the thought, just the thought of that possibility alone made his heart flipping like a wild, frightened bird in his chest, managing to steal his breath away again, leaving him to start the whole fucking breathing process all over.
For a long moment, nor Dean or Cas said anything. Dean’s breath was coming hard, his mouth set in a stubborn line with that typical belligerent set to his jaw, just when he was about to demand something ridiculous or something impossible. But his eyes were wide with almost comical astonishment as he was staring at Cas.
He shakes his head, presses his hands to his eyes and leaves that mess for another day. He lets out a long, slow breath and lets go of that last little bit of resistance within himself. He’d been trying so hard to hold it back, to pretend he hadn’t been completely crashed into pieces. No point pretending now.
But before he could finish, quick like lighting, Dean’s hand struck out and grabbed Cas’ arm, like he was afraid Cas might vanish as he did before. Before...when he could still fly. And when Dean’s head came up, his eyes,
An odd silence bloomed between them, thick with unsaid words, suppressed emotions and tension; built around their gone for far too long unaddressed, sexual arousal.
want Cas?’’ Dean asked, voice raw and rough.
But when his eyes locked with those expressive, blue-blue eyes that were always a window into Cas’— aganst all odds existing, big, forgiving heart and hot, shinning —soul, and the hope, softness and unguarded fondness that radiated in them, made all the fear, all the longing, all the love Dean had for his angel hit him with the force of a fucking thunderbolt.
‘’It makes me sick thinking about you were in trouble and alone and I didn’t know.’’ Pulling both hands through his hair, starting to pace around the room, Dean continued, “There’s no going back and righting wrongs at this point. But shit, how could I have been so stupid? I should've been suspicious that after telling you everything about Kaia, the empty and Jack, what could've been a reason for you not to come back. But that son of a bitch was so convincing –‘’
“Dean, if you’re trying to change your mind, forget it.''
He looked sideways at Cas where he stood, and Sam knew from the way the angel’s shoulders slumped, the way his head bowed, and when their eyes met, he knew by the look in Cas’ eyes; that he felt the same guilt and defeat what was cursing through him. But Sam caught the flash of hurt too, that run through Cas' face in response to his brother’s words. And no matter how righteous Dean’s anger was, Sam just really wanted to kick him in the ass to putting that kicked puppy look, again, into Cas’ eyes.
“Just so we’re clear,” he grinds out, “I don’t give a flying fuck whether it’s a demon, a ghoul or a fucking shape sifter. I’d still go if it meant seeing him one more time. I don’t care about the how. I don’t give a shit about who and why brought him back this time. He could be a mix of all types of the monsters we've ever faced or the new Antichrist, I still would want him. Because we’d find a way to fix that. Because since I lost him and I thought for good this time, there isn't a thing in my life I give a shit about, isn't a fucking thing that makes sense to me anymore, a fucking reason I should get out of bed and get through another fucking day without him in my fucked up life.
badass look. But no matter what he said or what his face displayed, there was always
And then the back of a head covered with a hopeless mess of dark hair comes into his view, a shape of a familiar tan coat— and something is trying to fight its way out of Dean’s chest.
Feeling hot and wanting and utterly overwhelmed, “It’s going to get complicated,” Dean said with hoarse, shaking voice and gathering Cas close, he held him. Just held him. “Our life’s going to be messy, with all the dangers breathing down our neck.”
He was still sitting in the same spot where he ‘d been for hours when he heard the noise of an approaching car, and seconds later he saw Cas’ truck stopping then driving into the bunker’s garage.
Dean was facing Cas now, the two of them having one of their infamous glaring matches. And Sam might have gone into the room and might have picked up his laptop and left. He might have done that. But there was something in Dean’s face-- hard and set, eyes narrowed-- that made him to stay, in case, Cas might need his help against Dean’s obviously still simmering anger.
Then he turned away again, because no matter the rage cursing through his vein, he couldn’t bear the desperate, destroyed look on Cas’ face. And he feared... He feared, that if he kept looking, like a cracked glass, he'd break into pieces.
To give himself time, Dean took a deliberately slow swallow of his beer, all the while trying to figure out what he was going to say. He drew in a deep breath before turned and walked back to Cas. He stopped at the other side of the table, facing Cas, his stomach clutching and twisting when Cas lifted his head.
...........
After standing stocked still for a long time with no particular destination in mind but still too restless to return to his room and attempt to sleep, he started to climb the hill behind the bunker. Though the dark shadow of the hill was lost in the mist, it loomed over the bunker like a vigilant watchdog.
“I thought it was all me. It’s gotten so huge and overwhelming. These feelings.'' Cas rumbled into Dean's neck. ''At first I didn’t understand them. I’ve never thought I’d feel like this. It’s never happened to me before. Let me plead inexperience.”
Then he put both hands on Cas’ shoulders as he said. ‘’I’m not mad at you. Alright, maybe I’m a bit mad.’’ Dean added with a quick quirk of his lips, then it slipped off his face, and there was weight in his words when he continued. ‘’But not at you. Never at you.‘’
“Want one?” He asked Cas over his shoulder.
When they pulled apart Dean’s breath was tearing at his lungs. He put his hands on either side of Cas’ face, feeling the hotness and slight stubble under his palms.
When Cas finally glances up, those blue eyes are too wide and too bright and his lips are curled into a slight, hopeful half-smile. “Dean,” he whispers again.
The first glimpse of Cas buckled his legs and almost brought him to his knees.
From the look of his face, Sam was just as astonished but not as restrained as Cas.
Dean lifted his hand to stop Cas, “No, Cas. Please. If you’d just let me fumble through this. We should have had this conversation a long-long time ago.”
“Dean, I can’t—” Cas cut in, ‘’Dean, I died, then I was resurrected back to life. What makes you think, I’m not fed up with all this shit?" Cas tossed the question at Dean, making a small circle with his hand, including him and Dean. ‘’I can’t be anymore— just your friend Dean.”
Instead, he strode to the fridge and downed down three beer. Then he opened a bottle of whiskey, musing, maybe he’d drink the whole damn bottle and get himself a nice fizzy buzz. It would be better than thinking, better than hurting. Better even than this simmering anger and self disgust that was still hot in his blood.
‘’Damn it Cas,’’ Dean murmured, pulling both hands through his face before he scratched the back of his neck. “You know damn well that’s not what I meant.”
He swallowed, took an erratic breath. It was too painful to imagine if Cas had lived. To imagine admitting he loved him, imagine Cas' wide-eyed reaction, imagine Cas returning his feelings.
,’’ Sam’s voice, loud and firm and warning now, breaks through the haze, and Dean blinks as he comes back into the world again, and pulls over to a side way.
When their orders arrived they ate in tense silence and after Dean finished his, not even paying attention, unconsciously, born from years of habit, Cas pushed his order towards Dean. Everything was-- almost-- normal, well as normal as it could be in regard of recent events. Right up until they paid their check and the waitress slipped Cas a slip of paper.
And of all the times of the universe they never had enough. They never had a fucking minute to tell him...
Because his brother did love Cas. And Sam knew the irrefutable truth, that without Cas, Dean would never have a moment ‘s happiness. Those two dumbasses belonged together. He never did doubt that for a second.
''Hey!'' Dean huffed out a laugh, and Sam could observe the way he visibly relaxed.
‘’Something on your mind? Spit it Cas. Don’t hold back on my account.’’ and Sam stopped dead on the spot at the edginess in Dean’s voice. He watched from the doorway the tight -lipped snarl on his brother’s face, he had very well known.
Dean's got no fricking clue how long they stood there, lips and tongues entwined. All he knows is that when Cas pulls back, and he reluctantly forces his eyes open, he's not able to think, let alone to breath from the wild rush of pleasure and delight running through his blood.
‘’Yeah, we should do that,‘’ Dean said, but he tightened his grips on Cas’ shoulders, and turned him back.
‘’So, you are telling me, you have the right to make choices and decisions you know very well I won’t agree with, but I don’t.’’ Cas said with a tip of indignation. ‘’It’s all right for you to behave recklessly and make rushed decisions without thinking it properly through. And it's alright for you to risk your life in the name of protecting mine, but if I, or Sam do the same, it’s different.’’
But he’d been a fucking, lying coward almost from the beginning, Dean told himself with a small, bitter chuckle— that burned the inside of his mouth and spreading down like acid, marred his throat — because he didn’t want to drift from the path of his upbringing, nor did he want to admit the truth of what he was really feeling. So, he poked at Cas, prodded him, pushed him away, mocked and hurt him subtly and not so subtly, all in the name, to keep his distance. While for the whole fucking time a part of him; the part that was heart and longing and want, was hurting and got the more wounded and bleeding the more he pushed, and respecting his wish, Cas' became more and more reserved and aloof.
Dazed with love, they watched each other, listening to the frantic rhythm of their hearts, the heaviness of their breath. Do Angel need to breath, Dean wondered slightly amazed as Cas’ sigh merged with his, his chest rose and fell in synchron with his.
“Fine. What do you want, Dean?” Furious, Cas strode toward Baby. And Dean, his hand still clamped over Cas' arm, was forced to almost jog to keep up with him.
Dean laughed mirthlessly and when Cas started to shove him aside, he pressed him into the wall, "Oh, okay. That's how you wanna play it. Well fuck that. You know what? Fuck you, you stupid, stubborn bastard.” Dean snapped, cupping Cas’ cheeks, feeling the familiar spark under his skin from the touch.
‘’Dean,‘’ Cas grated, then he was silent for a moment. And when he spoke, there was a fierceness in his voice, a fiery determination, that Sam had to admire, even as he wondered at it. ‘’We will find Gabriel. We will.’’
‘’I can’t let you go because I’m in love with you.’’ He jerked his chin higher, fingers cupping Cas' face a little tighter. “I’m so fucking, so desperately in love with you, Cas.”
‘’Good choice.” Sam commented with a tight smile, his eyes darting toward his brother.
“I suppose it is customary,” Dean allows with a contemplating look, feeling his heart rate begin to speed up.
‘’Hello, Dean,’’ Cas said in that beautiful, low but now tired grumble.The very one, Dean has spent the past couple years with the unsuccessful tirade not to get a boner at the most inconvenient time just by listening to it.
‘’Dean, stop the car.
Cas’ face paled, and he looked like Dean just kicked him in the gut. His face cracked, just for an instant, and behind the sudden widened eyes, Dean could see the hurt shock before Cas schooled his feature. Dean could have sworn that in that second Cas’ whole body jolted backwards in pain. But Dean was too fucking fed up with Cas’ secrets and cryptic manner, too fucking frustrated and too fucking terrified for his mum's life to care.
“Please excuse me,” Standing up, Cas smiled at Sam while blatantly ignored Belphegor and Dean. “I have something to speak with this lady about.’’ He said, indicating with his head towards their waitress, who after a quick glance at Cas, disappeared through the staff door leading to the diner’s back.
Desperate and fraught and broken.
voice, all whiskey and gravel, and how’d anybody blame Dean for now sporting a full boner? And even though Cas looked a split-second from smitting or punching him in the jaw, Dean just really-
Though stiff shouldered and resentment settling over him like a second trench coat, as always weak and helpless to resist Dean, Cas was just about to answer. ‘’Yes. But--’’
bunker to be Cas’ home. Not just a place where Cas spent a few nights or hours at a random time. Not a place where Cas never had or left a single personal thing behind.
Sam blinks for a moment then swallows hard again, and he sighs before he begins slowly, uncertain. ‘’ I just don’t want you to get your hopes up high because I’m not sure you’ll be able to pull through again from this... if it’s proves to be…’’ and he doesn’t finish, but Dean gets what he means just fine.
His heart racing like a wild horse, his hands tightening, tightening around the wheel.
Heat rushed to Dean’s cheeks, and he heaved out a sigh before he locked his eyes with Cas’. ‘’I don’t want you to leave. Like never. I… I missed you. When you died--’’ His voice shook and he cut himself off.
‘’That’s not the point. After you-- you--’’ Dean took a deep, shuttering breath. ‘’I was out of my mind... and I don’t want to go through that again. I don’t want to loose you Cas. Not again. So, you must understand if I make any ass knocked, knee jerked choices and say crap, it’s only because I want to protect you. Because I fear--’’
Time, the fucking world, everything stopped down while his heart was speeding up.
To that Dean grumbled something under his breath, what from this distance, Sam couldn't quite catch. But he couldn't agree more with Cas’ statement. And though on one hand he’d understand that after eight years of torture and imprisonment Gabriel wanted a break from everything involving violence, on the other hand, he couldn't help the stab of betrayal in his chest and the sharp sting of disappointment.
Shifting his legs, Dean scrabbed the back of his neck again. ‘’You know I say shit when I’m angry without meaning it. I might be a real dickhead from time to time.'' Dean grumbled.
‘’But how?!’’
“The Hell, are you going anywhere.” Dean shouted, but at the sound of Belphegor’s warning cough, he cast a glance around the dinner, then leaned closer to Cas, close enough to hiss in Cas’ ears, while his mouth twisted in an almost snarl. ‘’Oh, believe me, if anybody than I, understand the need for a quicky. But hard as it might be, for now, you should keep your cock in your fucking pants.’’
“As you wish, Cas.” Dean said, smothering Cas with a quick, wide and entirely false grin.
Except…
His mouth fell into a hard, unrelenting line, his face carved into stone as something cold surged through Dean’s veins in a wild, furious rush. And before he realized what he was doing, he was storming toward Cas, ready to punch him in his face, shouting through clenched teeth.
They waited in line for the ferry, Sam reading a book while Dean watched Cas watch the birds flitting around the rocks. Dean’s heart swelled seeing how content Cas was to be on the little island, and it made him feel sad that they couldn’t stay forever to keep that look on Cas’ face for the rest of his life.
“Yeah, it looks like there’s a storm rolling in.” Dean pointed to the sky behind them.
Dean opened his eyes when Cas came back into the room. He wanted to tell Cas to fuck off when he saw the thermometer in his hand, but he didn’t have the energy. Plus, the thought of Cas taking care of him was kind of nice. He cooperated while Cas took his temperature, noticing how Cas looked like he was treating a wild animal. Like any quick movement would scare Dean away.
“No, never wake Dean unless there’s an emergency taking place. He would despise you for doing that,” Sam responded, chuckling slightly.
“So I should just wait until he wakes on his own and give him medicine then?” Cas asked, still unsure of how to deal with a sick Dean. They hadn’t been together for very long and there were still lots of things about Dean that Cas was unsure about.
“There’s no place to sleep here, buddy. All the motels are on the mainland.” Dean stood up and held out a hand to help Cas up. “We can come back tomorrow if you’re that heartbroken about leaving.”
“Yes, Dean, I’m sure.”
Cas nodded, mouth filling with saliva.
“Yes, Dean, I know the rules about bodily fluids in the car.” Cas was very pale now, but wasn’t green anymore now that the rocking of he ship had stopped.
Cas left the topic alone after that, but Dean could feel him watching Dean more than he was watching Breaking Bad.
“Yeah, was just hotter than I was expecting,” Dean said. He blew on the surface of the liquid for show and wrapped his cold fingers around the mug. Now that the coffee had brought attention to his sore throat, Dean was having trouble ignoring it.
“I’ve only been awake for like, 10 minutes. Don’t get your panties in a bunch.”
Cas smiled at that. He scratched at Dean’s scalp and felt an overwhelming amount of love flood over him for the man lying on his lap.
“No buddy, I think you’re feeling seasick.” Dean looked over towards the Impala but Sam was immersed in his book and wasn’t paying attention to Dean and Cas. Dean rested a hand on the small of Cas’ back and rubbed up and down slowly. “Do you think you’re going to be sick?”
“Well, we better get back on the road if we want to make the last ferry of the day,” Dean said, stuffing the leftover lunch in his bag.
“I would like that very much, Dean,” Cas responded, his eyes shining.
“Dean?” Cas asked quietly, pushing the door to their room open. “Oh good, you’re awake. Breakfast is ready. Do you want me to bring you some in here?” Cas perched on the side of the bed and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Lean over the rail and let it out, man. You’ll feel better.” Dean kept rubbing his hand up and down Cas’ back as the other man burped and spit into the ocean.
“Alright, let’s get in the car and then I’ll stop on land, okay?” Dean said, ushering Cas back to the car. “Don’t throw up in Baby, whatever you do. Got it?”
They were in Maine for a case and decided to stop by the ocean on the way home, to tick another thing off of Cas’ human bucket-list. When Dean saw the signs for a ferry ride to a little island seven miles offshore, he knew that it was the perfect way to spend the day.
The next time Cas looked down at Dean he was surprised to see color high on Dean’s cheeks. Dean had been pale when they got back into bed. Cas reached over and palmed Dean’s forehead. He was starting to run a fever. Silently, Cas extracted himself from the bed and went back to the kitchen. Sam was still sitting at the table reading the local paper.
“Good morning Sam, how nice of you to be pleasant.” Dean sat down at the table and took a sip of the coffee. It stung the back of his throat as it went down and Dean winced slightly.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, going over to stand next to Cas. He was very green all of a sudden and Dean wanted to make sure that any puke that was about to come out of Cas’ mouth ended up over the side and not on the deck.
“I’m glad you’re having a good time, Cas,” Sam said, rubbing his arm.
“Only if you stay with me,” Dean said.
“What time is it?” Dean croaked. His throat was on fire and he needed a drink.
“Do what?”
“Of course. What kind would you like?” Cas asked, gently slipping out of bed.
Parking the Impala on the deck of the ferry, Dean looked back at Cas. “Want to get out again?”
Dean chuckled and looked at Cas in the rearview. “You did fine until it got stormy. I bet you’d be alright.”
“Something with honey, please,” Dean replied, rolling over to where Cas had been lying to soak up his leftover heat.
Dean rolled over and looked at the time on his phone. It was getting late in the morning and he could smell breakfast cooking. Cas had gotten up an hour ago and Dean really meant to go cook breakfast with him, but he was just so tired. He flopped back down on his pillow and sighed, wishing he could stay in bed all day.
“Ya know, I don’t usually do this,” Dean whispered.
“We can stay right here until we get back to the mainland if you’d like. Or we can go sit in the car, but I think this might be the better option.” Dean glanced over at Sam again, but his brother was still oblivious. “It helps to watch the horizon line instead of the waves.”
“Yes, and he informed me to not pester you about how you’re feeling because you’ll just shut me out to seem tough,” Cas responded more seriously.
Dean pushed the car into drive and slowly pulled back onto the street. The motel wasn’t far, thankfully, and Cas seemed to be doing alright. “So are you sure you want to go back tomorrow?” Dean asked, smiling at the reaction he knew he was going to get.
“Yes, Dean?”
“You okay?” Sam asked, noticing pain flash across his brother’s face.
“I’ll get up,” Dean said as he relished in Cas’ touch. When Cas pulled his hand back Dean sat up and pulled on a pair of pajama pants. He shuffled after Cas to the kitchen where Sam was pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“I’d rather not find out,” Cas huffed as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“I can’t wait to come back tomorrow,” Cas said, settling back into his seat.
“Why did you use that tone?” Cas asked, wanting to understand how to care for Dean as well as possible.
Looking out at the horizon did help, Cas decided, but not very much. He threw up twice more before they arrived at the mainland and was ecstatic once the ship got to the terminal.
“Should I wake him to give him some Tylenol?” Cas asked, digging through the cupboards until he found the herbal tea he was looking for.
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean before giving him a few pills. Dean swallowed them with difficulty and sipped at his tea. Cas got back into bed and didn’t say anything when Dean leaned into him almost immediately.
Cas set a plate of pancakes and bacon in front of Dean and sat down next to him. Dean gave him a smile of thanks and pressed his leg into Cas’. “So what’s the plan for today? Anything exciting happening?” Cas asked, trying to stir up some conversation.
Cas paused. “No, I don’t think so.”
“You have a fever, Dean,” Cas said as he looked at the number on the tiny screen once the thermometer had beeped.
“It’s okay, buddy, just let it out.” Dean kept up with the back rubbing until it seemed like Cas was empty. He pulled a napkin out of his back pocket and handed it to Cas, looking his friend over. “Feel any better?”
“Why can’t we stay?” Cas asked, disappointment clear on his face.
“I’m afraid not. We’ve still got about 20 minutes left.”
“Want to get out and explore?” Dean asked, unbuckling his seat belt.
Cas wanted to follow him, but Sam’s warning about a sick Dean stood out loud and clear in his mind. So, instead of mother henning Dean, Cas made himself busy by remaking the bed. Dean’s nap had untucked the sheets and Cas knew how much Dean hated sleeping in a bed with untucked sheets.
“Eww Sam, I’m trying to eat,” Dean snapped. He meant to have it come out sounding like a joke, but it was harsher than he intended.
“I know,” Dean whispered back.
Cas nodded and went back into the kitchen. The water was boiling so he poured it into a mug and plonked an herbal tea bag into it. He poured some honey in as well, and stirred it around before carrying it back to the bedroom.
Dean rolled his eyes as he pulled the blankets up over his shoulders. “I’m just tired Cas, nothing to worry about.”
“Cas,” Dean whispered, his throat too sore to talk at a normal level.
Dean was pale when he shuffled back into the room, almost alarmingly so. He crawled back into bed and pulled the covers up to his chin. Shivers were running through him and he wished he hadn’t woken up. Sleep had been keeping him from feeling miserable, and now that he was awake he was having a rough time. He felt super miserable. Super super miserable. His throat was the worst part, quickly followed by how his whole body shook with shivers from a fever he was most definitely running.
Dean nodded as he took the tea from Cas and closed his eyes as he let the mug warm his hands.
Burping again, Cas leaned forward as a gag overtook him. He tried to fight off the nausea, but the swells were only getting worse. Gripping the rail tightly, Cas threw up into the ocean, trying to be discreet about it.
“You sure?”
“Here it comes!” Dean said, pointing to the ferry in the distance. Cas leaned up into the front seat to get a better view of the incoming ship, watching with awe as it glided into the terminal. “Ready?” Dean asked, as the line of cars in front of him began boarding the ship.
“Would you mind making me some tea?” Dean sounded hesitant, like Cas wouldn’t want to get out of bed for him.
“Morning sleepy head,” Sam joked, handing Dean the cup he had just poured himself. “You look like hell.”
“Here’s your tea,” Cas said quietly. Dean rolled over and sat up slightly. “Would you like some Tylenol?” Cas asked, unable to just ignore the fact he knew Dean was sick.
Dean looked up at the dark clouds rolling in and hummed his agreement, willing to do just about anything to make Cas as happy as he’d been all day.
Cas shook his head and wiped his mouth and nose with the napkin.
Cas beamed at him and said “It’s the most magical place I’ve ever been.” Dean felt his insides turn to mush at that, and he blushed despite himself. He punched Sam in the arm when he noticed his brother making a face at him.
Cas went swiftly to the kitchen and started to heat up some water. Once the kettle was on, he went to the library to find Sam. “He asked for tea with honey,” Cas informed him.
“Almost two,” Cas replied.
“Are you feeling sick?” Cas asked as he got into bed with Dean, using the remote of the PS4 to scroll Netflix.
Sam looked up from the article he was enjoying. “Well, that explains a lot.”
Cas took a moment to assess himself. “I feel much better now that we’re not moving.”
“Just nod or shake man, you don’t have to talk.”
“Did he now? Huh,” Sam said, standing up from where he’d been bent over the books in front of him.
“Admit that I’m sick.”
Dean took another sip of his coffee, staring Sam down as he did so. Cas pressed his leg a little harder into Dean’s. “Why don’t we watch some Netflix? I want to finish Breaking Bad sometime this year,” Cas hinted. Dean did seem more tired than normal, and Sam was right. He hadn’t touched any of his food besides the coffee- which seemed to be causing him pain. Cas rubbed his hand over Dean’s back in soothing circles. “Come on,” Cas said as he stood up from the table.
“Dean has a fever,” Cas said as he walked into the room.
Dean groaned again as he pushed himself into a sitting position. He rubbed at his eyes before standing to shuffle out of the bedroom. He slowly made his way to the bathroom where he used the toilet and drank about a gallon of water from the faucet.
Cas practically ran to the bathroom to retrieve some Tylenol and the thermometer.
“Because he never drinks tea, like ever. And he never asks for it. Usually he makes it in secret so no one knows he’s been drinking it,” Sam answered, stretching his back out.
“Good,” Dean said, snuggling in closer to Cas.
“I’m researching a really interesting lead about a monster back in the 1650’s that might have made a reappearance,” Sam said, his eyes lighting up as he discussed his plans for the day.
Cas paused, not sure if he could safely open his mouth without vomiting.
“Fuck yeah we can. Let’s go. Sammy, hold down the fort.” Dean climbed out of the Impala and waited for Cas to follow before leading him up to the bow of the ship.
Cas grabbed ahold of the rail and swallowed thickly. “I don’t think I like this very much anymore,” he said, looking down at the swirling water.
“Absolutely not, Dean. I never want to go on a ferry again.”
It started off smoothly, Cas’ eyes bright with curiosity the whole time while Sam explained how vital ferries are for small island communities.
“You’ve hardly touched your food man. Go back to bed, k?” Sam looked his older brother over carefully. Dean was a little pale but he did just get out of bed less than 10 minutes ago, so that didn’t necessarily mean anything.
“You knew and didn’t take any medicine?” Cas seemed taken aback by Dean’s response.
Cas watched with wonder as the bow split the waves effortlessly, and pointed with excitement when the ship passed a bell buoy. He walked to the side of the ship to watch it disappear behind the stern.
Cas had never been on a ferry before, and now that he was missing his angel mojo, Dean felt like it was his personal responsibility to make sure the guy got to experience a little taste of normal life.
Cas nodded excitedly and climbed out of the car. Once they got on open water, Cas looked over at Dean with an odd look on his face. “The water is much rougher this time, Dean.”
Dean grumbled under his breath but stood up and followed Cas to their bedroom, grabbing his coffee as he went. Cas folded back the covers on the bed and turned on the tv Dean had stashed in the corner of the room. Dean set his coffee on the nightstand and sighed as he curled into bed.
“No, I’m not. That’s because you’re not Sam.” Dean put his tea on the nightstand and curled up with his head in Cas’ lap. “I don’t want to shut you out, ever. And, I even like the idea of you taking care of me, as crazy as that sounds.”
“Nothing. I tried calling and you didn’t answer. I got worried. I’ll let both of you get ready...” The words rushed out of Sam’s mouth, eager to leave before he exploded in glee.
Small crinkles creased next to the angel’s eyes as he smiled at the hunter. “I suppose that I could consider writing as a retirement plan.”
“Alright kid, you gonna let us in or what?” Dean chuckled as his cheeks tinged a lovely light pink. If Cas held his lover’s hand a little tighter at that, no one could really fault him for it. They made their way into the room, and sat on the bed opposite to Sam. Jack turned off the TV and came up to join them, taking a place next to Sam.
’ or Weeping Woman. But, she’s all over Latin America. She’s always a woman that has lost her children somehow and is trying to get them back. No matter what.” Sam starts pacing softly through the room, trying to figure everything out as he explains it.
“Alright smart guy, enough.” Dean grumbled at Sam. “Did your research find anything about this having harmful side effects?”
Dean sighs and pinches his temple. “If I did something to upset you Cas...”
being gone is tough, but you can’t carry on like this Dean,” Sam continued as he finished securing the gauze. He got up and sat next to his brother on the bed.
Support Me:
They parked at the far end, which left them closer to the beaten dirt path they would take up to the waterfalls. Jack practically jumped from his seat, eager to get closer to the flowers that could be seen growing on the side of the road. “These are all so amazing!” The boy whispered as he drew nearer to the flowers in question. They were beautiful, typical yellow Heliconias that were drenched in the morning dew. The grooves between the flower’s petals served as water basins for bees, which inevitably drew Jack’s attention.
This was the way things in Heaven worked. Simple order.
Dean moaned softly before whispering “Please, Cas.” His voice broke on the last syllable, obviously desperate for more. The angel clicked his tongue and shook his head slightly. “You can do better than that,” he stated, and at that moment he discovered how much he loved making Dean squirm like this. The hunter sighed before meeting the angel’s eyes, hunger burning brightly within both of them.
Cas noticed the shift and used his hands to bring Dean’s gaze back to his. He stared into his lover’s eyes for a moment before placing a soft kiss on his forehead. He stayed there, whispering his next words against his hunter’s skin: “Every sacrifice I’ve ever made will always be worth it Dean,” He met his eyes again, an earnest expression on his face, “Every single choice led me here, to
Cas rolled his eyes, starting to pace slowly away from It, trying to see if he could find an exit. “You are not exactly a ‘peach’ to be around either” Cas replied with air quotes for added sarcasm. He hesitated, standing still before adding, “and that thing you say is wrong with me, it's my humanity... It's the part I love most”.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I know Cas, I didn’t bring you here for that.” He takes a moment to grab their picnic blanket from the car’s trunk before locking it. “Just- come with me.”
“You are so dumb sometimes, Winchester,” Cas added with a smile. Dean let out a short laugh, with a smile that reached his eyes. Then the angel leaned in to whisper in the hunter’s ear “You have exactly 7 minutes to shower before I go pull you out of there myself.” His words punctuated by a small slap to Dean’s ass which made the hunter gasp. He nodded profusely before practically running towards the bathroom.
The memory of their Lady and the Tramp moment came back in full force. Cas’s warm smile, the intense eye contact, the warmth bubbling in his chest that he knew wasn’t from the pizza in his hand. He groaned in frustration, effectively decimating all traces of order in his hair as he kept running his hands through it.
Cas’s brow furrowed, his head tilting as he tried to recall the moment Jack had woken him up in the Empty for the first time. Jack had used his power to pull at his connection with him until he had removed him from this black goo and forced him towards the surface. Maybe that was how he could get out of this fluid prison. All he had to figure out was how. The walls called to him again, and he dared to step closer. He was less than a foot away from the nearest one, and he placed his hands delicately on the surface again. His grace seemed to react to the goo, repelling it. Or was the goo repelling his grace?
Follow Me:
.” Dean adds around air quotes, unsure if he was saying the word correctly. “I have it on good authority that they are really good.” Dean gestured to the white box that Jack was eyeing curiously.
For one brief moment, Dean finally understood what true happiness felt like. As he stood holding his angel in his arms, feeling his warmth radiating against his body, he doubted there could ever be anything better than this feeling. That kiss, their first, had felt like a missing puzzle piece finally clicking into place. Like those 10+ years of waiting had been worth it. They had paused for a moment, Dean’s arms around Cas, simply staring into each other’s eyes.
Cas turned to look at the hunter. Dean was staring off into the distance in Jack’s vague direction. His green eyes shining slightly as the light reflected against them, but his expression was guarded. For a moment, Cas seems to notice the hunter’s freckles for what seems to be the very first time. Or at least the first time in a very long time. They flutter across the bridge of his nose and cheeks, which only makes his features more prominent.
For the first time, in what seemed like an eternity, the Winchesters were a family again. Two salty hunters, one half-angel kid and a dude who recently came back from the dead.
Making his way through the crowd, he tried praying silently to Hannah, assuring her that he had made it and was looking for her.In the far right corner he spotted her long dark hair, which seemed somehow nicer than usual, and slowly made his way to the seat she had saved for him.
(See the end of the chapter for
''Come on little bro, we have some training to do''
“Dean” Cas began, his voice trembling as he continued “it's me, please, open the door”.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts. He was half unconscious and apparently delirious, but as he watched the night sky from the ceiling to floor window that covered one of his bedroom walls, he caught a small glimpse of a shooting star. Half gone as he was, he noticed that the star seemed to be falling instead of flying but he wished anyway. He wished that something would change. He had always heard "be careful what you wish for" but he was willing to take his chances. He thought about his mother's words to him as a child. So he closed his eyes and wished to his falling star: "Find me my angel" and he drifted off to a profound sleep
-------------------------------------
The entity seethed, its anger multiplying inside it, “Oh Cassie”, it teased, “I thought we were past this incessant and unnecessary sass of yours”.
After Dean and Cas’s eventful ride back to the bunker, the Winchesters gathered around the war room table once again to enjoy the self-appointed ‘best pizza in Kansas’. Now that Cas was human, he could gladly partake in the celebration and assured Dean that he did, indeed, enjoy the meal. Sam and Jack kept shooting curious glances towards the new couple, taking notice in their increased proximity and their lingering stares and touches.
Dean scrambled to take the ice cream away from his friend. “You’re gonna get some serious brain freeze if you keep that up.” He chuckled at Cas’s kicked puppy face.
The restaurant is themed with pictures of beaches, palm trees, and tropical birds. Each table is laminated with pictures and quotes from Puerto Rican writers. Cas runs his hand under the quote that is on their table, a small smile on his face. “
“You haven’t Dean. It’s just-” The angel chances a glance towards the hunter and shrugs. “Ever since we got Jack back, everything we went through- everything I went through- helped me realize some things about myself. Things I hadn’t fully understood for years.”
“Like what you see?” The angel teased, mirth shining in his eyes. Dean nodded and swallowed hard as he made his way slowly to the bed. Cas rose up to meet him, sitting by the edge of the bed as Dean stood directly in front of him. The angel reached up to caress Dean’s naked skin and intense shivers of pleasure shot straight through his spine. Slowly, Cas took the towel that was barely hanging on Dean’s hips and pulled it loose, letting it fall to the floor.  He then raked his nails down the sides of the hunter’s legs, the sensation causing goosebumps in its wake.
After precisely 6 minutes and 47 seconds, Dean came out of the bathroom covered only by a towel around his waist, and water droplets that dripped slowly down his chest. He came out to find a sight that made all the blood in his body rush immediately south. There on their shared bed, Cas laid entirely naked, his body completely on display for Dean to see. The hunter’s gaze roamed slowly down the angel’s form, from his tousled black hair to his gorgeous blue eyes with pupils blown wide, down the side of his neck, his broad shoulders, the tanned skin of his toned chest, and further down to his navel that Dean could practically taste. An intense hunger glowed in Dean’s eyes and for a brief moment, Dean realized the angel had stolen his breath away for the second time that night.
The angel hesitated, unsure which question his son was truly asking and which he preferred to answer. Did he like staring into a certain hunter’s earth-green eyes as they shared warm food in the comfort of their home? Of course. Did he even bother to pay attention to said food? No, not really.
She handed him the white box with the four coffees balanced on top of it. “You know what? Wait here.” She took a napkin from next to the register and reached for one of the top pastries in the glass case. It looked like a swirled puff filled with cream and covered with chocolate and powdered sugar.
Everyone but Cas seemed to have moved on from the incredible admission Dean had just made. Or well, more accurately the assumption he had failed to correct. He mulled the words Castiel Winchester in his head over, and over.
Dean felt a shiver run down his spine at the thought.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Alright, enough flirting you two! We need to focus,” Sam called out, already making his way to the dirt path with his backpack and son in tow. It was now Dean’s turn to blush and make a show of swiftly following his brother’s lead, which only made Cas chuckle.
He could hear the phone ringing through the thin walls of their motel, which meant that the phone was certainly working. Sam quickly stood, startling Jack who had just taken a seat by the small couch to watch TV with his coffee.
Castiel looked down and played with the buttons of his trench-coat as he listened. he had never been an expert in this particular area, but by 'the big man' Castiel assumed Gabriel meant, well God. He had never been a fierce believer but he couldn't possibly be wrong... Working with cupids, how hard could it be? He needed to learn how to love eventually.. he shook his head to clear the memories he could feel rising to the surface.
Still, Cas could clearly remember looking over at his forlorn friend and deciding then and there that he would not allow the hunter to grieve forever. In theory, Castiel could have pulled Sam from Hell immediately but something in his very core knew it wouldn’t work. Not completely, not right now. Something told him to wait. To find the right spell, the right way. After months of research, he found it.
“We’re here!” he exclaimed, before shutting the engine off and making his way out of the car. This time he kept an eye out for any running children, but none came. He shoved his keys into his pocket and walked towards the door. He held it open as Cas came up behind him, and made a show of letting him in first, a grin on his face. Cas rolled his eyes, but couldn’t stop the stupid smile from spreading on his face. Dean committed it to memory. Sam coughed something akin to ‘dumbasses’ under his breath, which made Jack giggle and earned him a fond “Bitch” from his brother. “Jerk” Sam answered, as was customary.
Still, Castiel often found himself walking aimlessly through the long, winding corridors of personal heavens, wondering if he would ever have a room of his own. Each white door he encountered made him wonder about what it held inside. He wished he could allow himself the indulgence of taking a peek, but he knew it was strictly forbidden to do so.
Tell me what to do:
“What the hell has blood of pure devotion?” Dean asks, exasperation making his voice slightly louder. “Why can’t these lore books say stuff like normal people do?”
” Cas hung up the phone and turned to face his hunters. “The local cops don’t have much to go on right now. Said that the FBI could come down and take a look.”
The moment Dean entered the club he knew he was in for a long night. Garth had apparently rented the entire place out just for them and their associates. And as Dean maneuvered through the drunken crowd he was beginning to feel more upbeat again. The music was loud, lights were flashing and everyone was dancing just a bit too close. After the 4th shot he was ecstatic.
It was hard to argue with his own mind, especially when he knew it was right. He had been a mess these last few weeks, but one hug from Cas and he, he was
“Yeah” he cleared his dry throat, rapsy from disuse “come in”.
“Well, we know it can be any kind of water source. So as long as where we go has indoor plumbing, we should be fine.” Cas supposes. “Actually- well nevermind.”
Sam smiled. “I think that’s a great idea, Jack.” He turned to Dean. “Take Cas for a ride close to water and keep a lookout for Ms. Trunchbull.”
Sam looked between them with a pained smile. He hadn’t seen Dean act this chipper in a couple months. Not since… Well, one glance at Cas let him know that he wasn’t the only one that could see the change in Dean.
“The person you are talking about,” he says tentatively and doesn’t meet the hunter’s eyes, still unsure if he should voice his thoughts, “Its Cas, isn’t it?” Jack does look at Sam this time, almost like he already knows the answer, but wants someone else to confirm it.
“It’s been like two weeks I think, but he has been acting strange since he found out about the deal,” Jack replied as he came to a stop in front of the hunter’s closed door. He looked at Cas, his eyes twinkling with a familiar warmth he reserved for his father, and knocked softly. “Dean?” the boy asked hesitantly, he had learned his lesson against barging in ever since that night they stayed at the Western-themed motel.
Dean’s eyes widened. “Oh ma’am, I can’t possibly take-”
. That memory came along with a ragged emptiness in his stomach, “guilt” as he had learned to name it.
“He has a point, Dean.” Sam agrees without missing a beat.
And for the first time ever, Dean understands. This moment wasn’t what Fate had dealt them so many years ago, this moment had been carved by their years of fighting. Cas and him, they had brought themselves here and now they had the rest of their lives to figure it out. Yet, as Cas settled on top of him on the bed and kissed him like he was a deity to be worshipped, they both had the same thought.
“Look, Jack, we don’t always control what we do when we are asleep. Some people sleepwalk, but I, well I guess I huddle for warmth.” His voice trails off into a petulant grumble near the end of his sentence. The hunter does try to remain serious, but a small grin manages to push through his facade. Even he has to admit that sleeping next to Cas was the best sleep he’s had in years.
They were standing less than a foot apart, their distance a mere formality. Dean could have done a couple things at that moment; he could have moved away, or tried another joke to alleviate the rising tension. Yet, for the first time in a long time, he found that he really did not want to. His heart ached to just take the final leap and cross that unknown horizon. It was dangerous. If he crossed that abyss, there may be no coming back. Then again, John hadn't raised a quitter.
Against the odds, against God’s will, they had found a way towards each other again. That kiss, evidence of their profound bond made metaphysical, was the final piece in the puzzle. Unbeknownst to them, Chuck had issued them a challenge which they had braved and overcome; just as they had done before in the real world. With one kiss, they undid Chuck’s curse and returned all the ornaments back to their original, plaster-filled, unanimated selves.
with him.” Sam adds, breathless at the angel’s confession. He keeps an eye on his brother’s reaction, expecting an overcompensating explosion of toxic masculinity. Yet, there was nothing? Dean’s eyes widened and moved down to stare at their hands clasped together. His heartbeat rising steadily, causing a small hum to go through his ears.
“Don’t you think he misses it?” Dean asked as he chanced one last look at the stars.
However, the day his father's last hunt had gone South, Dean and Sam both swore off hunting for good. It had consumed their childhood, it would not take their lives too. They still trained and kept themselves in shape, Sam went off to Stanford like he had so wanted. Dean, on the other hand, always prefered a more adrenaline infused line of work, which is why he became one of the most famous NASCAR drivers at only the age of 20.
He finds his phone buried under several piles of lore books he had set aside. He dials the number and immediately hears the familiar ringtone tearing through the silence a couple rooms over. Okay, good they made it back.
He would tell himself whenever he felt that dangerous spark get near. That unbridled happiness that he kept at bay from the Empty’s grasp. They had defeated God, but the vast unknown still awaited him in Death. Billie had made certain he could never forget that. Yet —even with that deal looming over his head— Cas still allowed himself these tender moments with his family. That is what they were now, a family.
Hey guys! sorry i dont update regularly but i promise im trying. Work is difficult to deal with. Anyway, enjoy!
. Still, just because the Sam in his head agreed, it didn’t mean the real one did.
Sam sputters, looking between them until he finally sighs in defeat. He rubs his temple, already sensing a headache forming. “Uh, okay. Okay. Fine, we can deal with this later. Let’s get the gear ready, and we can go hit her lair in Luquillo tomorrow?” Sam proposes.
“Well,” Dean began, “you have
She charged at Dean with fiery anger in her eyes, her white dress glimmering as it became soaked in her strange blood. The hunter met her halfway and stabbed her straight through the heart. He held and slightly twisted the knife, just to make sure she was truly dead. In her last moments, she stared directly into Dean’s eyes and whispered strange words with a grin.
“Wait, wait, wait. I need a minute here. I mean, Cas, I’m glad that you finally said it. I’ve known for years, but YOU!” Sam points at Dean now, righteous fury in his eyes. “Cas finally mans up and admits his feelings and you just say ‘okay’?”
” She demands, her shoulders tight and her chin held high.
“Kites? Well, I am sure that is right up your father’s alley. Ain't it Cas?” Dean gives the angel a cheeky grin. Cas’s brow furrows for a second, but then his eyes widen slightly in recognition.
Not everything is what it seems.
“Uh, by here do you mean Earth or the bunker?” the boy asked hoping to further clarify his Dean’s intent.
They stopped for food on the way back to their hotel, all of them eager to eat and finally get some sleep. As they made their way to their room, Cas and Dean kept stealing the occasional glance at each other. Right. They had saved the day, but there was still a lot left unsaid. Dean’s hand itched to reach out to the angel, to hold him like he had just a couple days earlier. Maybe they needed another sunset.
They leave their desserts unattended, focus shifting to the child who seemed to be walking in a trance-like state. They share a look, wordlessly agreeing on how to proceed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas shakes his head. “No, thank you, ma’am. We actually would like to talk to Maria.”
mean Dean?” He was looking at a poster on the store’s window next to the register. The poster had a picture of a smiling child, and the all too familiar text describing their features. Dean’s stomach dropped.
CHRISTMAS DAY, 1:30 AM
Cas found Dean lying on the ground in front of the Impala, bloody and in tremendous amounts of pain. Not all of it entirely physical. He had just watched his brother throw himself into the Cage in order to put an stop to Lucifer.
Thanks for reading so far! I have some exciting things in store for this fic.
He stood over Castiel’s rumpled form, taking in the details of the angel’s features up close for the very first time. He had a strong, stubbled jaw and brunette hair that Dean’s fingers itched to run through. His tan coat had fanned out around him, giving him the illusion of wings. He was beautiful. As if sensing his presence, Castiel woke up and focused two brilliantly blue eyes on Dean’s face.
“Ah, so you came back,
“You see, Cassie-boy, if it was up to me, you would be long dead and asleep by now. But there’s just something
“You got...distracted. Alright, what was so distracting?” Dean probed. He wasn’t sure what answer he was expecting, but it certainly wasn’t the words that came out of Castiel’s mouth.
As the angel was about to pull out, Dean grasped his lover’s shoulder and composed himself enough to whisper: “Castiel, you stop only when you cum. You got that?” Cas’s heart raced and thumped wildly against his chest as he nodded, and he barely managed a grunt before he started fucking into Dean in earnest once more. With every thrust, Cas could hear the hunter’s breath hitch next to his ear, making a shiver run down his spine. It didn’t take long before the angel pushed deeply into Dean as he came, a sighed moan escaping his lips. They sat there for what felt like ages. Content to lie in each other’s warmth, a tangled mess of limbs on the sheets.
He was surprised at his new voice, it sounded much deeper than his old one. For a moment he contemplated he actually might be slightly attractive now. It must have shown on his face because the man in front of him handed him a mirror which Castiel had not seen on him before. He took in the sight in the mirror with a very audible gasp. Castiel had never been a vain man, but when he looked in the mirror at his new body he couldnt help the shock. He had dark hair messed up in a seemingly perfect mess, his jawline strong, a bit of stubble dusting his face his lips a pale pink. However, the most impressive feature was his eyes. His eyes were two shining orbs of a heavenly sky blue and for a couple moments  he didnt care he was basically composing poetry about them in his head. Reluctantly he set the mirror down. Facing the man once again.
Dean’s brow furrows, “What are you talking about Cas?”
The angel pulled back his fingers and Dean whimpered at the loss. Cas reached for the condoms that had been left behind where the lube used to be and started to open one. Dean stopped him and took it from him, resolute on placing the condom on his angel’s cock himself.
The bunker door shut loudly behind them, startling Cas as he bent to pick up a card that had fallen under the war room table. Sam noticed the angel flinch with some amusement “Still not used to being home?” he asked.
Castiel jumped as someone grabbed his ass and leaned to whisper in his ear.
And so -after a beat- Cas closed his eyes, let his grace seep back within him and took a step into the unknown.
The entity paused, making the throne in front of it disappear with a flick of its wrist. As it turned around to face Cas again, its semblance changed. It was no longer a formless void of goo, but a version of himself. Cas recognized the long coat and messed-up hair, it was himself from over 10 years ago. As if he had been plucked right from the night he saved Dean Winchester for the first time.
Once they changed back to their regular clothes, Sam and Jack stayed behind in their hotel room to look into the lore and try to figure out who they were dealing with. Dean and Cas made their way out to their car and sat there with the keys in the ignition unsure of where to go.
Maria stops drawing to reach for the red crayon. She colors the tip of the object bright red, as well as on the left side of her chest. She stares at Cas for a while, before moving her shirt to show him the mark that the woman had left on her. Two circles with a line crossing them, just like the other victim. Maria drops the crayons and hugs her knees to her chest once more.
Jack’s brow furrowed at the strange question from his dad. Dean had never been much of a talker when it came to how he felt. Jack figured he should be proud that he seemed to be making an effort.
The days  had not been kind to Dean. As he lay tangled in his bedsheets, looking up at the ceiling of his room in the bunker, he felt numb. Cas was gone. He had been for the past 13 days. A cruel part inside of him, the part that still had hope, was keeping track of the days as if they mattered. The rest of himself knew the truth; Cas was never coming back.
“Rise and shine, sunshine!” Dean exclaimed, suddenly eager to yell now that Cas was actually awake. A small warmth grew in the angel’s chest when he heard the endearment Dean had used so many times before.
“Okay, well Cas and I are in the car now. We can meet you back at the hotel and figure this shit out?” Dean asks.
“There’s also the bonding ritual. Why would they bind these children to them and simply let some go?” Sam ponders.
, playing with some toys in the sand.”
They sit in comfortable silence for a while. They were both seemingly content with each other’s company. Jack breaks the silence by turning to face Dean completely. “Can I ask you a question, Dean?”
Dean and Cas had disappeared for longer than usual and Sam and Jack had decided to go look for them. Just as they turned the corner towards the kitchen door, they caught a glimpse of the missing pair. Well, more like a couple now.
Slowly but surely, they made their way back towards the base of the tree. They wordlessly agreed that getting back up through the back of the tree was their best bet if they wanted to avoid being seen. This also meant that they would need to stay close to the wall that was adjacent to the tree itself. At the stump, Dean gave Castiel a boost up to the nearest branch and then the angel leaned down and returned the favor. They walked silently for a while, each of the ornaments lost in their thoughts. Neither of them brave enough to address the subject at hand - why Castiel had fallen in the first place. They simply walked in tandem as best as the tree allowed.
"He was calling because apparently Cas had told him all about me and he had mentioned I had some connections with NASCAR" Dean rolled his eyes at how she winked at him. " So he's coming over here to talk about a business opportunity he wants to share"
“Alright, then let’s go find the monsters and save the kids,” Jack exclaimed, practically falling out of the backseat. He was held back when he felt Cas gently grab his arm. “We would Jack, but we don’t really know if these cases are ‘up our alley’, so to speak.” The angel’s face was open, trying his best to help Jack understand.
After a moment, Cas’s brain had resolved its Server Error, so he grabbed Dean by the waist and tugged him impossibly closer, and kissed him back with a fervor that would give Dean a run for his money.
Cas looked at Dean like those few words almost broke him.
? Are you sure?”. Cas retracted one of his arms from around Dean and used it to cup his face, stroking his cheek with his thumb.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean thought fuck it, he’s dead, he’s gotta talk about it eventually, and seeing as he didn’t do it during his actual lifetime he’ll probably spend literal eternity up here ignoring it if he doesn’t do something now.
. Palms together, head tilted down, kneeling and all.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut even harder.
“Then you told me you loved me. And I couldn’t… get myself to say anything. Because I knew-” Dean shut his eyes, a tremble and bated exhale on his lips. “I knew it meant goodbye.”
This was how Dean Winchester died.
They talked for hours. Or what Dean could only assume were hours, you know, with Heavenly time and all that. Sam told him the entire other half of his life’s story, the half Dean missed, and they also talked about life back when they were, well, both alive. Good times, bad times, you know they’ve had their share. Inevitably, they came to the topic of Cas, and also how he was apparently somewhere up here. Dean was both itching to talk about the angel and vehemently hoping to avoid that conversation altogether, because it was bound to bring up certain Thoughts and Feelings and perhaps certain Dying Love Confessions. The sort of conversation he didn’t want to have with his little brother.
So, Dean cleared his throat.
. He could never have Cas, and he didn’t want the damn guy anyway so it’s not like it mattered. Dean drank, and he thought about how he could never have Cas, and how it didn’t matter that he could never have him.
Dean wasn’t used to this kind of physical affection at all, or
Cas looked at him with a half-smile. “Jack pulled me out of The Empty when he began rebuilding Heaven. It was a bit before you died in earthly time, but it was enough time up here to get everything in check. He said he would’ve pulled me out earlier but it was difficult, even for a god, and he had some other matters to attend to.”
, Cas, I’m just not. Or at least- dammit- at least that’s how
confront his feelings and maybe even
But then, to Dean’s genuine surprise, Sam
but the exact same way. Because I do. I’ve wanted you for so damn long Cas, but I told myself I didn’t, and I told myself I
Overly optimistic bitch. It surely couldn’t be this easy, right? Still, he’ll humor Sam (and let’s be honest, himself) and take this seriously.
not. What would make you think that?” Cas’s eyebrows tilted up in the middle, saddened that Dean would even think such a thing. “I am not leaving you, Dean, not now, not
Dean looks down at his lap. He doesn’t want to look at Sam, and whether it’s because of the stare of Sammy’s eyes or the tears he feels welling up in his own isn’t important. His throat thickens and feels awkward, which is dumb in Dean’s opinion, because throats shouldn’t get thick or awkward in Heaven.
Then, the telltale sound of wings fluttering.
A beat.
. Not men like him though, no. Not him. He could never. He wasn’t one of those men. He wasn’t one of those men because feeling that way about Cas would make him one of those men, and he
The other- oh.
“And I’m sorry too,” Cas continues, “I’m sorry I put so much on your shoulders before I was taken by The Empty, and I’m sorry if there’s anything I’ve ever done to make you feel like I couldn’t love you.”
. Dean knew there was probably no saving him this time.
But now, there was a possibility he would have to
Or, more accurately, Dean could take half a breath. The other half was stuck in stasis. While the world was saved and all was well in the big picture, yadda yadda, all wasn’t well in
fear and it kinda turned itself into an endless loop of fright. Dean has dealt with stupid endless loops of fright his entire life, but this one thing he was scared of was something he had been denying himself for so long and for no good reason, and goddammit, if he was as good of a person as Cas said he was then he deserved this. Then he deserved love, and he deserved Cas.
Calmer now that he’d sorted through his mess, steadying himself, Dean went to the bathroom where he brushed his teeth, and washed his hot face over and over again with frigid water. He needed a clear head-- alright, as clear as he could get, he corrected himself-- when he felt the familiar alcohol induced buzzing rushing through his veins.
‘’What?! ’’
He let out a startled gasp, and Cas used that as an excuse to slide his tongue into Dean's mouth and lick the inside of Dean's teeth. He wrapped one of his arms around Dean’s waist to pull him in closer, the other running up to tangle in Dean’s hair, one of his knees going between Dean’s legs as he pressed even closer. And whoa...being handled like this by his angel, Dean couldn't help the whole body shudder.
He felt a sudden rush of love, affection and a stab of angst of his own at Cas' wrecked unhappiness. But he knew he wasn't the one who could fix it. And his own heart ached and broke a little more for those two love stricken idiots; of his brother and best friend.
And Dean has known it too, for a long- long time now, that apart from Sam, there was no other person as important, as essential— like the breath he took, the food he consumed— as Cas.
Dragging his hands through his hair, he rose from the bed.
And for Sam, who had rarely seen Dean-- who was a shameless flirt, and always hit on girls the same way other people took breath, and he got himself into any women’s panties with ease -- anything but confident in his way of seducing women, the deepening blush on Dean’s face and his stuttering was just as unexpected as it was somehow cute, and just another proof, how deeply and madly in love his brother was with his angel. And Sam knew now, by the way Cas’ eyes had gone soft and dreamy, that he felt the same. And Sam couldn't help the indulgent smile from spreading on his face.
With a weight on his chest, Sam studied his brother through the flickering light of the war room.
‘’Yeah, It’s him,’’ Dean answers, voice muffled by his arms.
He was in fucking love with him.
And now... Now, he can’t think about anything, anything, but that he would give up everything –everything, to see those beautiful blue eyes, that half smile and make it sure, that Cas never knew anguish or suffering ever again.
He lifted a hand to card his fingers through Cas’ messy hair, then pressed his lips to the crown of Cas' hair. Dean felt like a warm, comfortable blanket were draped over him when Cas' strong arms came up from his sides and encircled him in a tight hug.
Dean felt as if he’d been levelled by a very powerful, very deadly strike. If anybody, anything, had just swung a blade and sliced him in two, he would have felt less stunned, pained and tortured. His heart, his breath, everything inside him seemed to stop working. Except his mind, which was working too quickly, scrambling to fit the pieces all together in a picture that he could finally see.
“No, I’m not.” Dean stepped back when Cas’ lips turned upward into that half smile- the one - that always made Dean's knees a little weak. It soo wasn't a fair play. “I just didn’t expect you to take the jump so quick.”
“I think,” Cas says solemnly, "in the movies this is usually the part where we should kiss now.”
Dean's head whips back to meet those beautiful, huge, hazed, blue-blue eyes, and something achy and soft spreads under his ribs. He runs his gaze over that gorgeous, handsome face, and the flush of pleasure spreaded across those perfect cheeks, makes his blood leap to flames. Those swollen, hot, licked shiny and wet lips tighten his loins. And when that sinfully erotic mouth twitches then curls upwards with a touch of a smile... Dean's ridiculously besotted heart does a long, unsteady cartwheel in his chest.
"Oh, I don't think so sunshine, you're-"
Sam’s had more than a decade to get used to Cas’ rough, whisky grounded voice, just as well he’d had the unfortunate opportunity to observe his brother's controversial, flushing reaction to said sound. So he really hasn’t been paying any kind of special attention to it now. Or since… Since well, not really...ever.
He didn’t have to wait long. It was but two seconds when his eyes snapped open and his head jerked up at the sound of a sharp, loud rap of Dean’s knuckles against the surface of their table. He winced in sympathy when his eyes took in the way the fingers of Dean’s other hand curled in a vice grip, that must've been bruising, around Cas’ bicep now. Dean’s nostrils flared, his breath was coming hard with his fury.
So, when Cas said, voice deeply coated with frustration and soul cutting regret, ‘’I failed you. And I failed Jack. And I failed—‘’ Somehow it made Dean’s anger worse. Somehow it made Cas’ silence about all of this like a damned, bloody betrayal and after all these years... a fucking proof of the lack of his faith and trust.
Then he stays where he is, slumped against Cas and lets his insanely hot Angel to kiss him senseless.
‘’What?’’
He was going to build Cas a tree house. Cas should have a tree house, from where they could watch the stars and sunrise, Cas, being the dork he is, was so fond of. And he’d make a garden for Cas, though the soil needed work, there was a perfect spot for that, behind the bunker. They’d need a garden shed too for Cas’ tools. Well, he would see to those things. He’d see to them because…
He looked around his room, registering a mess of his scattered clothing and belongings. Small personal stuffs, touches, details, Dean mused, little things that made a home. And it hit him suddenly and forcefully that he wanted, he
“You don't understand,” Dean muttered. Bowing his head he let out a small, self-deciphering laugh, “I love him,” he admitted. Pulling Cas closer, he buried his face in the crook of his angel’s neck and shoulder, ’’And I just don’t know if I can go on without him Sammy... I just--’’ his voice came out cracked and anguished, ’’I’ve never had the chance to tell him... to tell him... what he really meant to me," Dean choked on a broken sob.
something in Dean's eyes. Something very much like hope, longing and deep, abiding love.
But obviously, all that rage needed an outlet to go, so maybe Sam wasn’t so much surprised after all when Dean swiped the table clear of it’s content. Better than punch or threw him or Cas around. Still, Sam couldn't help the involuntary shiver at such a display of outrage when Dean roared.
Panic, Dean realized. Licks of fear. Worry and angst that he yet again failed Cas, and he’d leave.
Something angry and violent ripped through him. He dug his fingernails into his palms so hard the skin broke, and he knew if he looked there’d be blood, red and sticky, welling from the wounds.
His heart crawled into his throat, his eyes fixed on the figure before the phone box, he stops the car. And though his legs feel like they gone jelly, he gets out alright and glances at Sam, just for a tiny second, just to make sure he’s not imaging things. But Sam’s eyes are directed at the same point, and there’s the strangest look on Sam's face, a soft look mixed with wide-eyed wonder, confusion and hope.
He was out of breath when he was flying down the bunker’s steps and finally came to a sudden halt in the war room.
‘’That’s exactly what I was speaking about, your attitude--’’
“I beg to differ,” Dean shot back. “The fuck, you aren’t my business.”
A brush of fingertips in his hair, a trail of soft touches over his shoulder and back, the quickening rhythm of Cas' heart as his chest rose and fell in complete synchrony with Dean’s chest, and Dean’s whole body quivered.
“No.”
He struggled for air; he could no longer breathe. His chest burned. The air was nothing and he was choking. He felt dizzy from the lack of air. His head snagged, his shoulder bunched and his legs shook. His knees buckled, he felt like falling. One of his trembling hands reached out to hold against the side of Baby, preventing his body from crumpling to the ground.
for some time.'’
He doesn’t smile. There’s nothing remotely light hearten in his eyes as he continues staring at Cas, because for a moment rage sweeps up. Suddenly he feels unexpectedly, irrationally, oddly furious.
His eyes went soft, and he gave Cas a small, tired smile. ‘’And you were right. Maybe if I was the one who stayed with Gabriel, maybe I would’ve done the same. And this is why I’m pissed at him; because that son of a bitch had no right taking off like this, when we needed his help. Especially not after everything you’ve done for him.”
Dean lets out a long, slow breath. "I’m good,’’ and he even manages a wry smile.
‘’Of course, I didn't wait for you, Cas.’’ Dean huffed, clenching his hands into fists and taking in a deep breath. ‘’Course I didn't...’’ he repeated. ‘’That was one of the reason for my rush. You can’t really believe, that after everything--’’ Dean’s voice dipped and he stopped for a long pause before he continued, ‘’I’d go through that again. That I'd fucking risk your life again when I’ve just got you back.’’ He finished, and Sam heard the hurt that came with those words, regardless how quickly and easily his brother tried to dispatch it.
And then he is striding forward, closing the distance between them before he actually makes a decision to move, ‘'You utter idiot!’ Dean says hotly, coming to a stop before Cas and shakes an accusing finger in Cas' face. '‘Did you – did you think I – what were you thinking, you stupid dumbass? ’’
His eyes were hard and unforgiving as he pinned them on Cas and snapped, too harsh, too loud. ‘’Then go to heaven and find her!’’
Lust, desire, passion doesn’t make you forget all the reasons you shouldn’t do something. It just makes you not care. It makes you not care, even knowing you might going to regret your actions later. And so it was that when Dean leaned in a fraction of an inch closer and brushed Cas’ lips with his own, Cas did nothing to stop him. And when Dean took hold of Cas’ face between his surprisingly gentle hands and slid his tongue into Cas’ mouth in a devouring kiss, Cas groaned and gripped the lapels of Dean’s jacket for dear life, and recopricated in kind.
“I’m sorry. That was –’’ Sam starts and looks away. He draws a hand over his face, through his hair, and when he lifts his head again, the look he sends Dean is both apologetic and sad. ’’I’m really sorry, I shouldn’t have sounded so…”
It took Dean a while to catch his breath, for his lungs to properly function again, filling in and then letting out a long needed air.
They’re silent for the rest of the drive, none of them is talking, and it’s a good thing because Dean is not sure he’d be able to manage another word from the trembling and restless vibrancy inside him. But from the corner of his eye he sees Sam turning his head  over and over again, to keep flashing little, worried, searching glances at him.
He heard Sam’s sharp intake of breath behind him. Then a sigh: slow, shaky and labored. Running footsteps getting distant.
The blow was so quick, so sharp, Dean couldn’t even gasp. It shivered through him viciously before he could gather himself and rolled over it.
Cas died, and he didn’t even have a chance to say how he really felt.
‘’Dean,’’ Eyes blown wide, Cas gasped.
Dean thought, his emotions had been on a roller coaster all day. This looked like one more dip.
‘’So, what’s up with those two?’’ Belphegor asked with an inquiring brow, gesturing after Cas' and Dean's back as they entered the dinner place they stopped at along the highway.
The surprise that widened Sam’s eyes was unconscious. It wasn’t like Dean to show his affection or make admissions of that kind.
Chin jutted out in a stubborn angle, eyes full of power and yet, something, something gentle and soft, Cas kept his eyes locked with Dean’s with that intensity Sam honestly couldn't understand how his brother could stand.
’’Dean -" Sam says soft and gentle, then he hesitates, and Dean freezes because there is tension already; awkward and enough, and nothing good ever comes of that tone. ‘’Um, are you sure it’s Cas?’’ Sam asks, and there’s that careful tone again his brother come to use around him in the last few weeks.
He's seen that posture before, every time Cas thought…
They were going to have a long due, serious discussion, he and his grumpy angel. And Cas was going to listen, Dean grumbled under his breath.
‘’Don’t know.’’ Dean grinds out, throat suddenly tight. ‘’Don’t care. Don’t give a toss.’’ And though his face is still hidden between his arms, he can feel the glance Sam shoots at him for that.
“I love you.” Still smiling Cas said, in that rusty, but now, somehow, too raw, too bristle voice, and abruptly… Dean’s whole word came to a sudden halt.
There’s time enough to hear Sam’s voice, utterly changed, a soft, worried gasp of sound that’s his name, “Dean. Who was it?”
Each time their lips met, it was deeper and hotter. Each time their bodies pressed it was tighter and truer. The crazy roaming and clutching of their hands, the brush of fingertips, the hungry bit of teeth and the possessive sucking of their lips, and Dean’s body quivered as his arousal wound impossibly high.
“Shhh, Just keep quiet,” Dean warned him, “And please don’t interrupt me. I have to say this before I freak out.’’
“Cas?” Dean choked, feeling his arms slacken in shock before he quickly wrapped and tightened them around Cas' with a sound, that was half a laugh and half a sob.
There is a loud click just when Sam asks, “What?!” and everything inside Dean trembles, the phone dropping from his hand.
way, his beautiful blue-blue eyes were wet and soaked with affection and growing emotions as he read Dean’s own expression.
“I wish you wouldn’t speak to me just now,” Cas was saying to Dean curtly.
“Hello, Dean,”
“Dean, you don’t have to—”
Sam knew there wasn't much to say after that. Dean needed time to chill, to calm down, and Sam knew from long experience it might take a while, and maybe a few drinks, before Dean was reasonable enough again to speak about a plan. So, without another word he turned to leave the room.
……………………………………..
His heart rebelled at the unfairness of it all. How could he live when Cas was gone?
He’s been there before, Dean reminded himself. He knew this, this sharp, gut wrenching, breath taking, chest tightening, devasting pain, that was his second-best friend.
And though, it didn't escape Sam's attention how Dean left Cas out of team free will – and though, it was crowded on the tip of his tongue to add Cas’ name- but knowing nobody in this Earth could be as stubborn and hold his grudge as long as his brother, in the end Sam only said to Dean’s statement of, ‘’So, you and me versus every soul in Hell? I like those odds.’’
‘’Dean,’’
“Serves you right, You son of a Bitch!’’ Dean grinds out, throat still tight. ‘’You promised me--'’ Still grappling with his temper, Dean takes a few deep breaths.
, this time he’s
‘ We’d better.’’ Dean’s voice was clipped, his shoulders painfully stiff.
Belphegor was clearing his throat with a suspiciously quivering mouth and a little pucker between his brows, but at Sam’s chiding glare, “I don’t know about you guys, but I’m starving!’’ he exclaimed.
“No.’’
“Oh, Dean,” Cas murmured.
Cas's been his home longer than he realized.
Confused, startled, still before the moment to process the cruel truth, Dean looked around in the room. And the moment his mind kicked back; his whole being plunged into a cold depths of despair.
wanted to make Cas happy. He wanted... Dean realized, drawing a slow, steady breath... He wanted even marry him, grow old with him.
