Sherlock paused, he wasn’t quite sure where one would hide out when kidnapping a young child. But he did know they would still be in London, there hadn’t been enough time to get out of the city before the police had been alerted and Mycroft had more or less locked down the country.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “Is it weird having pillow talk about me?”
They’d been downstairs for less than five minutes when the doorbell rang. Sherlock sunk down into his chair, he wanted to ignore it though no doubt it was a client.
Sherlock cut in front of John, hand out and gesturing for Mycroft to hand over the file he held at his side. John wondered if Sherlock had been messaging Mycroft in the cab and already knew what was going on.
“Now.” Janine sighed. “We’ve got to do something about your hair. Have you ever been to a salon?” She was trying to sound nice again.
John managed to only blanch for a second. “Mostly stayed in bed and watched telly.”
“Yes.” Willa answered not looking away from the television.
Judging by John’s grin it had something to do with the secret he and Willa were keeping.
“Good day at work?” Molly asked standing. She already had her purse and coat in hand.
Sherlock nodded curtly, emotions crossed his face so quickly John couldn’t read them all. Then he stood and strode over to the tree, box in hand. As he hung up the violin John let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
“We weren’t there for a case. We were there for the holiday.” John said and cleared his throat.
John swatted at his shoulder. “Of course he’s up to something.”
After retrieving a small bottle from the drawer of the night stand John stood. “Move back.”
John considered the fire for a moment. “She’s not Sherlock though.”
Molly and Willa were at the kitchen table when he walked in. There were several colors of nail polish sitting between them and Willa seemed to have every color on her nails. She was now painting Molly’s fingers a light blue.
There had been police milling in and out of 221B for what seemed like forever, though it’d been less than an hour since the first DS had arrived. They had started off asking pointless and redundant questions to the point John had been ready to channel his inner Sherlock. To scream at them about how vapid they were being.
She shrugged. “Sherlock’s made it for me.”
“His men are too obvious John, there were five with us last night.” Sherlock said absently from his place by the window.
John gently began rocking the chair. “Willa starts Christmas break tomorrow and I’ve got work. I wondered if you’d watch her.”
“That means you’ll have to be case free for three days.” John paused what he was doing and amended. “Well no major cases, anyway.”
Willa cast him a sideways glance from the floor, she hid her surprise well.
“And can I have that drink?”
Now Willa was asking him, obviously with John’s approval, to adopt her. It was something beyond his wildest imaginings and only now did he realize how badly he wanted it.
Suddenly Harry knew there was someone a thousand times worse than John on the other end. Mary. She'd only ever spoken to the woman about five times during all the years of knowing her, but there was no doubt as to who it was.
“Any ideas of who’s doing it?” Lestrade asked as he sank back into his chair after making the phone calls.
“What happened?” He said turning his head to look at the nurse.
At four John went to wake Molly and Aaron. They were passed out fully clothed, on top of the covers and lying sideways across their bed.
Molly answered the door with the brightest smile and a burp cloth thrown over her shoulder. As she led them into the living room John smiled fondly at the sheer amount of baby detritus lying around.
Molly made a soft ‘oh’ when she understood. “Right, sorry. I- you know what? Don’t mind me.” She apologized and bustled over to Willa.
“Good timing that one.” John complimented the baby as he grabbed the bottle off the counter.
Mycroft looked bored. “As it has every month for the last several years.”
Mycroft had shifted uncomfortably while talking of the dullest things, like there was something he truly wanted to say. For once Sherlock didn’t pick at it until he gave in. He was too busy trying to catalog the changes that had occurred in his brother.
He didn’t see it though and he hated himself for that. Willa had suffered because he hadn’t been vigilant enough. Hadn’t paid enough attention when John’s child, who had a heart as large as her father’s but vastly more untarnished, began to withdraw emotionally after a tragic loss.
“Don’t apologize for my brother, it’s disturbing.” Sherlock sneered. It was almost as disturbing as the fact that John was so easily able to read him. That he knew exactly what had caused Sherlock’s flight from the office.
John hadn’t had any contact with Mycroft since Willa was a week old. Still for some reason he found himself climbing dutifully into the car, the petty part of him allowed Anthea to argue with the pram without any help.
Sherlock immediately began clearing away his work. “I’ll go.”
Sherlock, with Willa still in his lap, leaned forward to haul John into a kiss.
So after talking himself out of a blind panic Sherlock had begun looking at the message for codes. It certainly wasn’t a skip code and after some examination there didn’t appear to be any hidden meaning behind the words.
Sherlock sighed in relief as he got a good look at her hand. No stitches necessary, just a long cut on the heel of her palm made worse because she’d been clenching her fist. She stopped crying after he’d cleaned it off and picked out a purple plaster.
Two for the price of one!
Sherlock slumped back in his chair.
John chuckled at the mental image of Willa getting red sauce in her hair, at least it wouldn’t look too out of place.
“Alright. I’m going.” John said and leaned forward to kiss him once again. Willa skillfully darted away from the kiss he meant to plant on her.
“Why aren’t you superintendent?” Lestrade was overqualified for the position and if they’d just hired a new one why wouldn’t they have just promoted him. It also helped that his husband was the British government.
Harry nodded and repocketed her mobile.
John paused and then nodded as he was once again reminded of everyone who loved Willa. After gently pushing her towards them he turned back to the desserts.
John realized that it needed to be done tonight.
Sherlock accepted the folder and opened it. “It’s a missing person.” He said and then rolled his eyes and shut it. “You don’t do missing persons unless of course someone from the British government hands you a file.”
“Molly was for three of them, now that she’s on leave they’ve got in a new guy, Golden, to do them.” Greg turned to John then. “You seen her?”
Sherlock nodded. “As have I.”
“What?” He snapped.
Also a round of applause for my hubs who gave me the idea for the title and the summary after pointing out they're always comparing things to chess in Sherlock and after all, the queen is often called the most important player.  He might think I'm crazy but he tolerates my ramblings and often gives good advice!
John had finished retching but both hands were on the wall in front of him, bracing himself. He was breathing heavily, one step away from a panic attack. Sherlock stood back and watched him silently.
“They weren’t able to identify who it is but I think you should come down.”
Harry looked to John, her eyes wide. “John it’s been what? Six months? Really is that enough time-”
John was sure whatever pieces of his heart that were intact shattered at the look on Sherlock’s face.
“Doctor Watson is in Cardiff.” Sherlock told her, already searching for a cab. “Where is she?”
aware of other women with power.” Irene answered and she tilted her head to peer past him into the kitchen.
Willa was so excited she bounced on her toes. “Daddy lets me read some of the stories on his blog! They’re all about you, you know? And how you’re a brilliant detective. Sometimes if I’m very good he tells me secret stories that he says he can’t put on the internet.”
“In the week before June got sick what did she eat… or take.” Sherlock was positive the Thallium wasn’t in drugs but he had to ask.
Sherlock pulled a face and replaced the dish. “Why artificial?”
Both Willa and John were looking up at him expectantly.
But exhaustion won out and as Mycroft lowered himself onto the sofa he hoped that when he woke there would be some kind of good news waiting for him.
“A third.” John ordered. His tone was a mix of Captian Watson and his sex voice.
“Hush, we’re not going to hurt you.” He said as he pulled a white needle from his jacket pocket.
Sherlock actually looked startled at the sound whereas John just stood. “Herself is meant to be doing homework.” He made his way towards the kitchen.
“I need Mycroft.” John said softly as he pushed open Willa’s door. She was sound asleep.
John had walked to his side by this point and took the photo from Sherlock with a smile. “I’m guessing he hasn’t told you?”
“I know.” John said and followed him out, shutting the door to hide the telescope.
“So just the sandwiches and jam?” Sherlock asked. “What about to drink?”
“Relax.” Sherlock said and the bed shifted under his weight.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and dragged him down on top of himself. Sherlock’s body provided a comforting weight, a barrier against the rest of the world and even against his own thoughts.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at her back, wondering where that had come from.
Six years.
Her pulse was steady and calm.
John watched her eat for a few moments and considered the question. He was fairly certain Willa wasn’t just trying to figure out how their family worked, though that was part of it. He wondered if she was looking for a way for Sherlock to become more than just her father’s partner, to become something meaningful (at least in societies eyes) to her.
“There is plenty to do and the grounds are expansive, but of course, if you wish we never have to leave the suite.” Sherlock told him as they entered the hotel.
“Oh my god you are all such
John was confused at first when they sat and Sherlock left a seat between them. When Willa came in though she seemed to instinctively know the place had been left for her. John wondered if they’d spoken about it because any other time she and Addison would have sat next to each other whispering and giggling throughout the entire meal. Addison even seemed confused at this change for a second before sitting across from her.
John stepped around him finally and went to the wardrobe to pick out a nicer outfit for tonight. There would be photos if he knew his sister and Mrs. Hudson well enough, which he did. He was thankful for his strict ‘no Willa on social media’ rule, otherwise there would have been hundreds of photos of him as well.
John sighed at the phone and quickly typed.
John made it exactly three hours before sending the text. He’d noted the time he got on the train and made sure to wait at least three hours. At least… if not exactly.
So many flowers at this time of year.
“Right. Next for me then. Drugs. I know you’re clean now but I won’t ever tolerate her seeing you high. The same rule applies for you as it does for Harry, I will kick you out on your arse.” John looked him in the eyes as he spoke. Sherlock could tell he wasn’t bluffing, he really would throw him out.
Last year they’d ended up staying the night at the house because an unexpected storm had come in and the roads turned to ice.
~~~~~~
Sherlock nodded. “Last drink was last night, probably just before midnight.”
It was the fact that Mycroft was pacing that was the worrying part, Greg had seen him juggle several devices at once more times than he could count. Except in the past, all of the feats of multitasking had been performed behind a desk, never pacing the floor.
Sherlock recognized the box John was holding, he’d wrapped it after all.
“I’m aware, and yes that too.” John said and sat on the bed to look it over. “But really I would have been more than fine with dropping Willa off and then going home to spend a weekend alone.”
Sherlock nodded, not getting up from where he knelt. “Here?”
She nodded but her lip wobbled slightly and she looked down at the floor.
"It was only meant to be photos, texts, not… this!" Harry hissed into the phone.
"Because you were told do," Janine answered from somewhere near Willa.
He didn’t.
Sherlock was still frustratingly in the dark. When Luke had approached them he’d believed that John’s secret had something to do with his military days. Except, the introduction of the wife and the gaggle of children all but eliminated that possibility.
John is confused. “What do you mean?
“So will you?” She repeated.
Willa thundered down the stairs as soon as Sherlock called her. She eyed John (and what he assumed was his flushed face) suspiciously as she came into the kitchen.
Sherlock turned and dropped into his chair just watching John who stood there, hands in his pockets, looking at the photo. He seemed unsure of himself now that they were left alone without Willa acting as a buffer.
“Yes, I was just alerted.” Mycroft said.
Which was exactly how John ended up in the ‘just the family’ photo wearing a particularly misty eyed expression. Greg teased him over it for months.
This is like 99.9% put tooth rotting fluff.
John helped Mrs. Hudson out first before sticking his head back in. His face went soft when he saw Willa asleep. Sherlock quickly handed him the violin case to ward off any attempts by John to carry her out of the car, he wouldn’t be able to do so without waking her.
“I am sorry about this, mate.”
It was also bloody demeaning.
“Daddy doesn’t like Christmas either.” Willa said as they passed a pile of jumpers. Sherlock smirked knowing the association she had made, perhaps subconsciously.
John kissed Sherlock soundly just before they checked out. “We have got to do this again.” He told him.
“What? Why?” John asked flipping on the light.
Stalk me:
John worked the next week. It was longer hours and he even pulled extra days due to one of the doctor’s being away still and the fact that Friday was New Year’s Day.
“No, don’t stop.” Sherlock muttered so low John wasn’t sure he knew he’d spoken. Then he chased after John’s lips again.
Sherlock snorted from the desk where he was writing something.
“Jesus, is she okay?” Lestrade asked.
“June Olsen’s girlfriend gave her the spare soda she got out of a vending machine, a nursing aide who was fond of Mr. Tash shared the extra soda she received at the machine outside her house with him, Karen Miller’s son forgot to bring a water bottle to football practice and when she bought him one she drank the soda that fell out with it.” Sherlock explained and stopped when he saw the comprehension drawing on Lestrade’s face.
“Yes, John.”
“Under the celery in the veg crisper.” John told her with a wink as he went over to her desk and found the book he’d sent Sherlock on a wild goose chase for.
Will could just barely see herself in the mirror, mostly undistorted, but only if she stood near the left corner. She barely recognized herself though.
Molly texted three times during the ride to the school asking how John was holding up.
After John left Sherlock considered going upstairs to interrogate Willa. He hadn’t asked her so far and he was trying to resist. It felt like cheating, asking the child what their little secret was, she was even worse at lying than John. In the end he decided not to, it was on him if he didn’t figure out the secret by tomorrow night’s dinner.
“Yes, I could have fucked you or yes this?” John asked punctuating his question by slipping the last button open.
when it happened, there was literally nothing you could have done.”
“You were threatened,” Greg said as soon as he realized it. The other four people in the room turned to look at him as if they hadn’t expected him to speak up. “That’s why you got so worked up earlier,” he explained.
Once that was cleared, Mycroft settled against his husband and closed his eyes again.
John sighed and dug his toe into the grass. “Look at the kids, Sherlock.” Was all he said.
John smiled softly at him. “You can trust me, I’m a doctor.” He quipped and Sherlock groaned, rolling his eyes.
“John.” Sherlock growled and leaned down to pepper soft kisses to his neck. It was such a contradiction from his tone that John shivered and leaned backwards into the touches.
The first time had been easy enough. Running him about London after a mad poisoner had done the trick but he knew this time it wouldn’t be as easy. Sherlock knew there was very little he could actually do to bring John back if their worst fears had been realized.
“What makes it suspicious?”
“John.” Sherlock greeted him.
“That Isabella girl from the news.” Sherlock said, sounding bored.
Mary hated every second and John took an inappropriate amount of pleasure from it.
“Willa stop, you need to stop.” John said loudly and tried to step forward. Her foot caught his rib and she continued nonetheless. He stepped back in pain, it was then he understood what she was saying.
Not a single person notice how wrong the scene actually was.
John’s lips twitched as he surveyed them. “Yes in fact we may be eating cupcakes for a week.”
John had assumed it was Sherlock’s unfamiliarity with living with an infant that had him jumping like that, or perhaps he simply didn’t like the crying.
Sorry for the slightly longer than usual delay in chapters. The real world hasn't been exactly kind to me.
“Something tipped her off.” Mycroft said by way of greeting when he walked out into the back garden where John had set Willa up on a blanket in the grass.
“Lestrade,” he answered.
“Mr. Holmes we’ve been trying to reach Doctor Watson and we can’t get him on his mobile or at the clinic.” It was Doctor Drescher, she sounded worried and she hadn’t even introduced herself which immediately caused Sherlock to worry.
~~~~~~
Harry felt her mouth fall open. “Oh god John I’m so sorry-”
“Yes.” Sherlock answered and stretched out so his feet were on John’s lap. John made a noise and swatted at them with his book but didn’t tell him to move.
“Where will you be?” Sherlock asked when he realized John wasn’t planning on coming with.
“Do you agree?” Sherlock asked Willa as he eyed his brother over her shoulder. Mycroft was smirking behind a cup of tea.
There was no one else in the restroom when they got there and Aunt Harry pushed her into one of the littler stalls. Willa rolled her eyes even though no one could see her. Why did grownups push children around like they didn’t have any idea how to find the toilet?
Sherlock gave John a ‘really?’ look. “Willa has endeavored to tell me about everyone in her life, down to the third year teacher who gives her sweets after school, and she has never once mentioned Mary. There are no pictures of her around the flat, there aren’t even the photos of us from your wedding.”
“I did just say that.” Sherlock agreed.
Sherlock nodded as Willa began to intricately weave around under his hand.
John was suddenly grateful he’d deleted or edited all the posts involving Mary when he had decided to let Willa read his original blog. He didn’t want any new clients to connect him to her.
“Yes, but first you need to clean up.” John turned to Mycroft. “I’m assuming there’s a washroom around here?”
John snorted. “Thank god for you.” He said and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead.
Willa chewed on her lip and glanced between Mycroft and her things on the ground. Obviously torn between the prospect of a present and continuing her experiment. “Alright.” She said eventually and held out her hand for Mycroft to take.
This time though, when he would give anything to be blissfully unaware of the time, he was able to count down every passing second.
Sherlock then found himself picking out gifts as they wandered from shop to shop. Willa (and John) were correct. There were very few people in his life that he cared to make happy and if buying them a few gifts a couple times a year did that it wasn’t like it was exactly a drain on his accounts. By the time an hour had passed he had found something for everyone, including Willa though he decided it would be best to brave the crowds the following day to get it.
John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock carefully positioned her arm so John could see.
“That’s boring. Sherlock, weren’t you bored?” She asked him.
It seemed like almost no time before the cotton feeling returned to head and limbs grew so heavy she could no longer sit up. Janine stood the entire time watching her, even after Willa had given up fighting and laid down she could still feel her watching.
“She’s having a panic attack.” Sherlock told him unnecessarily.
In the end they were only about a half hour from their home but those thirty minutes made the world of difference. They pulled up to a more than posh hotel located on the edge of Syon park.
The nurse wisely nodded. “I’ll inform the doctor.”
“I’ll text my brother and have him issue a blackout on her.” Sherlock said and pulled out his phone.
Sherlock accepted his glass before speaking. “Wolanksi is dead.”
Suddenly he found a glass pushed into his hands, Sherlock was holding its twin.
“What do you want?” Sherlock asked as he began brushing her hair.
John wondered what the chances were that Sherlock would guess what they were up to by Saturday evening. He’d already made all the plans and decently covered his tracks, there were no clues on his mobile or computer, and he doubted Mycroft would spill the news.
As soon as they stepped off the train John took Rosie and carried her, as if she was a shield between himself and the rest of the world. He didn’t bother to ask where they were going, John wasn’t going to tell him. Instead, Sherlock followed quietly into a cab.
“Mycroft,” John warned, “you need to think about what you’re saying.”
Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off John, worried, though he tilted his head towards his brother and Lestrade, “which I’m going to do as soon as my brother leaves.”
John nodded into her shoulder and gave her a tight squeeze back. “Mycroft’s been made aware.”
Sherlock brushed by him. “Get her the spring rolls, she likes those though who knows why.”
Pleased with her second example Sherlock nodded. “Based off of that knowledge which one occurs while baking a cake?”
It was in Kazan, Russia that Sherlock saw Mycroft for the first time in five years. Mycroft was in the country smoothing ruffled feathers and Sherlock was slowly eviscerating a group of weapons smugglers.
As if to prove to John just how clever she was Willa began reading a few weeks after her fourth birthday. John had not been in the slightest bit prepared for this, after all he’d been seven by the time he realized it might do him well to figure reading out. After a brief meltdown which had lead to him calling Greg before seven a.m. John learned a few things.
They both proceeded to indulge in a manly handshake, back slapping included. Sherlock barely managed to keep the urge to roll his eyes under control, John was always reduced to a pile of testosterone when he met up with army buddies.
Mrs. Hudson, unable to attend the first day due to her hip surgery, had plaited Willa’s hair and insisted on dozens of photos before she let them out of the house. John wasn’t exactly surprised when he opened the front door to find a black limousine parked out front.
Aside from a single fire truck left to make sure the fire was properly out the rest of the presence on the street was police. Most of the residents of the neighborhood had retreated back into their houses. Some, Sherlock could see watching from behind their curtains. There would be little chance of getting anyone to talk in this area. So he turned to go behind the building, hoping to catch sight of anyone who might be willing to talk with them.
“Suicide?” Sherlock asked as he tossed the picture back at his brother. The photographs were unreliable as to whether the hanging had been staged.
boots were heavy on the stairs again, this time because he was running. "Let's go," he said as he brushed by them to the door, not even stopping.
“Not so fun is it?” John grumbled under his breath before shaking her again. “Come on Willa, we’ve got to get ready.”
Whatever else he might have been planning to say was lost to the wind as Sherlock and John emerged onto the street.
She was gathering up her own clothing when she had an idea. She might not be able to go anywhere but her clothing might.
“John.” Greg nodded at him. Sherlock was standing by the door still, eyes glued to the folders.
“Because I’m cute in stripes and polka dots.” Willa said in her matter-of-fact tone. “Sherlock likes those jeans, he looks at your bum a lot when you wear them.”
John made a noise in the kitchen. “You can tell her to go away. I won’t be offended.” He called to Sherlock.
“You… back then? I mean I wondered a little when you used to interrupt every one of my dates but I never… back then?” John stuttered out.
“You know those are meant to be for Willa’s birthday.” John teased nudging Sherlock’s leg with his toe.
“Baker Street.” Sherlock repeated crossing his arms over his chest.
That was the threat that got him to comply. His life was on the line now, but not just his. Angie wasn’t known for simply extinguishing you, she’d pick off everyone you loved in the most brutal and terrifying ways before she pulled the trigger on you. There were rumors that some people who had betrayed her were still alive but had gone completely nuts after what she’d done to them.
John, I’m serious. Come find me in the park.
“I agreed, though I’m not sure anything short of a tranquilizer dart is going to get either of them to stop right now.” Mycroft wasn’t even sure that would work.
“All’s Well That Ends Well.” Sherlock informed him peering at the computer from behind the book.
“Yes.” He agreed.
John choked which led to a violent coughing fit. Once he could stand without support he walked over to Willa and took the book out of her hand. “Alright, enough out of you. Go clean your room. And no more watching telly with Nana.”
Willa had talked about it until June.
“Baking.” Willa answered instantly.
“I was worried.” John admitted. “But now we need to wake her up. Mostly so she’ll sleep tonight but also so I can check her over.”
“Doctor Watson.” He answered because it was weird to answer the phone any other way at the surgery.
Sherlock shrugged and leaned forward to steal a piece of the pepper John was chopping. “Valentine’s day is meant to be romantic. I would not be opposed to spending some time alone without Willa overhead.”
“No, it’s fine. I’m sure you’ve just been trying to settle in.” She said understandingly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah but why? She’s got like four boxes of cereal, not to mention the cereal bars.” John asked again.
John sighed. “Go, Willa.” He ordered just like any good parent who’d watched their child guzzle down two full glasses of soda during dinner.
“Will you ever have another baby?” She asked John.
John chuckled. “I’m boring.”
“Do you want children, Sherlock?” John snapped, turning the question back on him.
“No.”
“What about Willa?” Sherlock asked skeptically.
“Are you sleeping with her or does she just pay well?” John growled pushing his thumb in further.
“Don’t mind me.” John ordered and nudged the file Sherlock had been reading back in front of his face.
John startled. Sherlock was right behind him, leaning down to speak quietly into his ear. He swallowed harshly and nodded.
“Are you alright?” He asked.
He looked perfect and pliant.
Halfway through cake, Willa insisted on singing and the staff helped even while John and Sherlock looked seriously pained, Harry’s mobile vibrated against her leg.
Sherlock snorted because that was exactly something John would do. He was about to say as such when another photo caught his eye.
“Why are you so nervous?” John asked and Sherlock was irrationally proud of him for having noticed that.
Sherlock had disappeared already and John shoved his phone into the woman by the door’s hand. “Call an ambulance.” He instructed.
“Fine,” Greg relented, and when he saw just the smallest bit of relief creep onto his husband’s face he held up his finger, “but, you will wait in the car.”
They made the mistake of making eye contact then and they both broke into a fit of laughter.
“But you don’t want that now?” Sherlock asked. He could give John the farm and the dog but the four children gave him pause.
Because that was what would get her home. Sherlock. Not hysterics or prayers, Sherlock and his deductions. They were what would bring Willa home, and once again, John would owe Sherlock his life.
“Sherlock it’s Christmas.” She cheered darting into the room.
Sherlock had planned on spending the next day in the office. He was working on a way to lure clients while somehow managing to keep the lunatics away, so far he hadn’t found a decent solution. When he walked out into the kitchen he found both John and Willa dressed for the day. This was odd because ti wasn’t even eight on a Saturday, some weekend days Willa didn’t even bother to change at all.
Sherlock had expected a few more questions and perhaps some resistance to letting him back to see her. Given her reaction there was a very good possibility Mycroft had anticipated this as well and called ahead.
“I said I’m having fun.” Willa repeated
“Took you a while, though.” John rebuked from behind his liquor mug.
Irene smiled passively. “I do wonder, Detective Chief Inspector Gregory Lestrade, how often that phrase is said inside this quaint little flat?”
This was enough to snap Sherlock out of wherever he was going. He gave John a small smile. “Sorry.”
“He’s been gone over five years and you two pick up again like it wasn’t more than a week. When you two are apart you’re both broken and sad. You mourn like a widow when he leaves and need I remind you he fell into drugs again after your wedding.”
“I’ll get it.” John volunteered softly and he went out of his way to lean down and kiss the top of Sherlock’s head.
“Oh. OH! You beautiful, clever girl.” He cried and lifted Willa. He kissed her cheek as he spun her. He turned to John as he set her back down. “I need to go somewhere. Go home.”
"It's distracting me," Greg clarified.
“We’ve got to do something about it,” Gregory continued obviously thinking along the same lines as Mycroft.
as Willa had said. Yes, he and John had once had that very abstract conversation about more children but it had never gone beyond that.
They hadn’t done this yet and Sherlock was forced to move slowly, the angle much deeper than he was used to. Once he was seated fully, both of John’s hands on his hips now, he let out a low moan.
Once he finally worked up the nerve to leave the room he found John had already changed and was lying beneath the covers. Sherlock walked around to the empty side of the bed and slid beneath. Even though he could physically feel the tension in John the bed was warm and smelled wonderfully. He realized he really was tired.
Sherlock couldn’t resist moving closer to John, laying a hand on his arm. “I think that is a good idea.”
“Here give me a moment there’s a card.” Mrs. Hudson said flipping over a tag attached to the bow. “Says ‘Happy birthday, Princess. Love Agra.’”
Sherlock turned his head but John saw the small smile.
Swallowing down the urge to cry, Willa nodded.
“Sherlock move closer, how am I to get a good picture if you’re all the way over there?” She tutted at him waving her hand as if it would make him move closer.
Sherlock glared at the computer screen as it seemed the loading bar refused to move, he made a note to tinker with the processor; clearly, something was wrong with it.
“There’s been a body found along the banks of the Thames.”
“We send it back and forth, no reason for her to have her own since they’re almost never there.” Erik answered, finally having given up trying to work out where Sherlock was going with it.
Silence did not belong here, it was an omen of terrible things. Things such as Sherlock’s faked death or his exile.
“And you are?” Irene asked and ignored John’s orders to sit down, she extended a hand towards him.
Once the rubbish had been cleared away, the two men settled onto the sofa together. Mycroft checked on the whereabouts of Sherlock and John, apparently terrorizing the homeless population of Peckham, while Gregory called into the Yard looking for an update on the forensics from the site of the fire.
As usual security merely nodded in his direction when he entered the building. Yes, he had to go through the metal detectors but there were no longer any interrogations or further pat downs. John was also left to his own devices to make his way down to the office though he had no doubt there were dozens of cameras tracking his every move.
There was nothing below the window, no fire escape or even a roof. Nothing but a four-story drop. Even if she could get the window open Willa realized there was nowhere for her to go, which was probably why they’d decided they could leave her alone. Dejected, she returned to the toilet and sat, listening to the far away sounds of sirens.
Sherlock nodded in understanding, he’d felt the same way. John might nearly have damaged property but the one time Sherlock had truly stopped to think about how much he missed John he’d ended up on a four month drugs binge. For him it really had been better to lock away the most important part of his life.
Sherlock sat obediently and she snuggled into him. John badly wanted a picture.
Sherlock threw himself down in his own chair. “She’s so clever though.” He insisted.
This finally got his brother to look up. “Of course I do.” He said in his best ‘don’t be silly, Sherlock’ voice. “John has become a brother to me. He stood up at my wedding for me, he trusted me to keep them safe and he gave me a niece.”
“In the meantime, you can have an ice lolly since your throat is sore.” John told Willa and she climbed off the table heading straight for the freezer.
“John,” Mycroft said “Family. Is she not my niece?”
“And the shrimp lo mein.” Sherlock continued as he put on his coat.
~~~~~~
“Right, stupid question.” John admitted in a low voice, aware Sherlock was only a room away. Thankfully the shower was still running.
I’m sure we can find something that’s agreeable for us all.”
John did the math. It was over fifty hours.
“No, I guess not.”
I'm in the middle of writing this garbage porn and fucking "Waltz for John and Mary" plays. I literally screamed and nearly threw my computer across the room.
Sherlock wanted to point out that Harry would still have a wife if she had quit drinking. Clara had given her more than one chance even after he’d met John.
Willa slid off the bed and cast him a dirty look in the mirror before trudging up to her room.
“Soda?” Sherlock asked.
“You’ve made a mistake though, you’re the first connection we have to finding her and we will never let you go.” John told him and slammed his palm into the break before releasing the man.
“Can we walk around the park?” Willa asked lifting her head.
John snorted and threw himself into his chair.
“It’s fine.” Sherlock reassured him. “Go to bed.”
“Go wash up, we’ll do reading later.” John said as he handed Sherlock a cup of tea. Willa hastily folded up her work.
John ignored him in favor of focusing on continuing to clear his wounds of debris. At least it gave him something to do, something to focus on other than the world around him.
like that.”
Molly nearly knocked him over with the force of her hug. “John, thank you but why?”
Sherlock hummed at him in response.
“There’s a good girl.” She cooed and pet Willa’s hair. Willa wanted to pull away, she didn’t like it when strangers touched her.
Sherlock came into the kitchen and grabbed the container of honey and set it down in front of John. It was the honey he’d gotten the day they found Isabelle Durant hanging inside her own closet, except a large portion was already missing.
John’s heart constricts painfully. He should have known that’s how Sherlock would interpret his standoffishness of late. “Oh, no,” he breathes. He wants to take Sherlock’s hand but he doesn’t move. “You…you’re perfect. It’s me, I’m just… the past few weeks were frightening, I guess I’m not over it.”
“I do,” Sherlock says, finally. “I just thought…”
His vow to John and Mary to always be there for them is sincerely meant, warmly accepted, and not even aided by champagne as one might be tempted to suspect. Even in the moments after he deduces the pregnancy, he’s still pleased, relieved that he’s not been rejected by them as so many had predicted, glad, even, because he knows John has always wanted this.
He thanks John, with just enough of an edge of sarcasm to keep him from getting suspicious, and tilts his head all the way back, closing his eyes.
“Okay. What do you mean you couldn’t see?”
Bryant gives a squeak of panic. “For what?”
"Not any more. That was someone else."
“Right. Good. I should go… find my wife. See you in there, yeah?”
He feels like he’s going to faint, but strong arms catch him. “John, this is going to hurt. I’m sorry.”
it? They’re setting Hamlet in World War II for this production. I have always
The truth of this is finally clear and Sherlock finds suddenly that his legs no longer want to hold him up. He grips the table beside him, and Molly looks at him without pity. He clears his throat which is suddenly dry. “Did he… um, did he believe you?”
But he can’t stop himself, he hasn’t felt anything in so long, and Sherlock is right here and warm and wants him, and maybe can make him feel something, even if it’s something bad, and God, it’s
“Yes, but… why? Why now? It’s been… well, awhile.”
“He fell into addiction, poverty, and…well, it would be indelicate to go into details but shall we say other risky personal behaviours? I tried to help him so many times, I had him hauled to the best rehab centres in Europe – he always escaped, of course – I tried to convince him to live at home again, promising him undisturbed use of a wing of the house.  I even appealed to the potential brain damage he was doing. But it was to no avail. It became a cycle. Every so often he would manage to pull himself out of it by sheer force of will, begin trying to work again, moderate his use to relatively safe levels. He might succeed for a year or even two, he would get some cases or a little recognition, but eventually something would happen, or nothing would happen, and he’d end up back there again, worse than before.”
“Say what? Oh. Oh,
“No, it just turned cloudy,” John answers.
The car pulls away from the cemetery and Sherlock forces himself not to look back.
Sherlock leaves the party in the dark, not really sure where he’s going as he’d intended to stay the night at the villa and hasn’t ordered a car. He walks into the warm night until he can no longer hear the music or see the the lights from the dance floor and leans against a tree, fishing the pack of fags he’d nicked from Janine’s handbag out of his coat pocket. Bless her, she smoked like a nineteenth century sailor - high tar, no filter.
The burly man struggled, but John had him pinned tightly against the fence. “I’m no one,” he said in a London accent, grimacing.
“Hmm. A black hole, perhaps.”
FINE, John says, the impact of it enough to leave a mark. IF I HAVE TO FUCK SOME SENSE INTO YOU I WILL.
“Situation? Isn’t that a bit drastic? It’s a simple legal transaction. One that, I might add, I am completely within my rights to do.”
He’s breathing hard and his voice does have a hysterical edge to it. He knows he should calm down, but to not be believed like this, it makes him feel trapped, helpless, more so than just not being able to see.
wanted to see me.”
“Do you realize that our flat looks more like a serial killer lives here than the actual killer’s home probably does?” John mentions tiredly after the sixth straight hour of internet research one day.
“Boys!” screeches Mrs. Hudson, covering her eyes. “I’ve spoken you to about locking the door if you’re going to be…indisposed for company!”
He wanders the streets in the rain, hobbled by the flaring, phantom pain in his leg, for miles, no idea where to go and not wanting to be with anyone. He knows eventually he will have to go somewhere, though staying in the rain until hypothermia takes him isn’t an unpleasant thought. He shakes it off, with effort.
He swings himself around so that they are next to each other, taking Sherlock’s hand and entangling their fingers and throwing his left leg over Sherlock’s right one. Sherlock shivers as all the tension drains from his body at John’s touch.
They obey, reluctantly, and John straightens his clothes.
Sherlock sits and waits patiently. John fumblingly whisks up the lather in Sherlock's shaving bowl, but applies it correctly in smooth, circular strokes and doesn't get any up Sherlock's nose. He wraps Sherlock's face in a hot towel and the scent of eucalyptus, combined with the sandalwood from the soap, is instantly calming. When it's time to remove the towel, John wipes the dirty lather off his face with it tenderly, and the touch of his fingers is instantly calming as well.
he could get a bus from Ivalo to Jyivsinkää when he arrived, although he wasn’t totally clear on that part. There wasn’t a lot of English information available online for such a small town. He’d have to try his luck though. There had to be some way to get there. Then he just had to locate Moran’s compound, find a way in, catch Moran off guard, and find Sherlock.
Sherlock forced himself not to recoil, not to give a hint of fear, as Moran advanced on him. “There’s just one thing I’ve always been curious about,” he said casually.
He keeps walking and the car pulls ahead of him, stops, and repeats the performance.
This continues for about a week, John trying to remain patient and unconcerned in the face of Sherlock’s nervous energy, and mainly succeeding, at least outwardly. One night, as he is just getting ready for bed, there is a knock at his door. This is unusual. Sherlock rarely ventures into the room when John is there – when he is not there Sherlock habitually goes through his things, a fact that John has exploited for his own amusement by occasionally hiding ridiculous or appalling artefacts amongst his possessions for Sherlock to find – and when he does, he typically bursts in without warning on a tear about something. Polite knocking is worrying.
In darker moments, he begins to wonder if it had even been real. It’s hard to believe that this man before him now had ever burned at his touch, had ever cried his name in ecstasy, had ever snuggled up to him as soft and trusting as a kitten. That they had whispered to each other about stars and galaxies, pledged their whole selves to one another, unconditionally, permanently. Because what John has now feels like anything but all of Sherlock.
She looked different, had changed her style completely and was attempting to seem more casual, commoner, less put together. It didn’t suit her. But some things were the same. Her expertly applied makeup. Her stilettos. Her walk.
“What about Heidi or Lady Forsythe or whomever she is? Where do you think she’ll be?”
John can see that Sherlock is shaking ever so slightly. He doesn't know what makes him reach out and put his hand on Sherlock’s arm. They stand like that as the seconds tick by, something strange passing between them.
"No, it's fine, I know what you meant. It's all just so awful, and must be quite a shock for you as well.. I'm terribly sorry." He looks as if he wants to say more but holds back, knowing Sherlock won't thank him for an effusive display. After a moment he asks. "Do you remember it all now?"
bit hurt, really I am. He’s so…
Greg greets John just outside his office. How he’d kept his job after the incidents of the past several weeks John has no idea, but assumes Mycroft is involved. Mycroft seems to have a soft spot for the DI. This thought only makes John more furious at Mycroft, if solely because you can only sustain a certain level of rage at a person directly in front of you that you aren’t allowed to hit.
John wakes up to the unmistakable smell and sound of a hospital room. Familiar voices are talking but it takes a moment for him to make the sounds resolve into words.
Sherlock is still kneeling on the bed, looking like he has just awoken from a trance, like a fever has broken and he has only now realised where he is, what he has been doing. He is panting from their exertion and has an expression of shock on his face and, John realises, disgust. But he is not looking at John, he is looking down at himself, as if he cannot comprehend what has just happened, how he got here.
John agrees and they make their way slowly through the lush greenhouse, lit only by the full moon through the glass ceiling. Several baroque water features gurgle pleasantly, and a few captive finches chirp from citrus trees. "Nice change from a London February," he comments. "Now, let's start again. Hi. I'm John. Really."
. And then he got away. He just…vanished.”
Sherlock shakes his head vigorously.
“I’ll take you as far as Eyemouth, Dr. Watson,” he says, barely out of breath after more than a half hour of rowing without a break. “You can catch the first bus into Dunbar and the train up from there. I don’t imagine anyone nasty would be expecting you to turn up that far north?”
“This is the end?” Sherlock asks. “Goodbye?”
John accepts the hand, but sways once on his feet and Sherlock has to steady him. Without a word, Sherlock puts an arm around him and begins helping him up the stairs. This is worrying. John likes his beer, but is almost never intoxicated to the point of incapacity.
“Several. But judging by the distortion and echoing of the killer’s voice, he’s likely near the top of the house. We’ll have to go up one more flight. Cover me.”
to put Rosie down.” John sounds aggravated and tired. The baby hasn’t been sleeping well, so neither have they. Sherlock can function on much less sleep than John - or most other people - and is largely unaffected. But John is feeling it and it’s starting to show.
Mycroft wheezed and John realized he was cutting off the man’s air supply. He let up on the umbrella infinitesimally. Slowly the red fog of rage receded, just slightly. He realized that Mycroft was alone. Mycroft was never alone. There was no Anthea on her ever-present mobile. There was no car waiting for him outside. In addition, Mycroft had come there…Mycroft almost never came to the flat, though he had it bugged regularly. When he wanted to see John he typically had him brought to him.
“You’re right,” John says simply. “You shouldn’t have sprung it on me like that, and you
John puts up a hand. “I’m not asking you for anything, I’m not expecting anything, I don’t even know what I want, really. I just wanted you to know that… that it isn’t just you. If it happens again, I don’t want you to think you’re forcing yourself on me or something. I’m just as confused as you are here, but I don’t want you be ashamed or guilty about anything.”
“It’s true.”
Molly jumps to her feet, pink with rage and plants herself in front of him. “You didn’t see him,” she screams. He steps back involuntarily, as she restrains herself – no less furious but quieter. “You were so pleased with yourself, with your little plan, that you didn’t think what it would really mean, did you? Or didn't let yourself think it. Meanwhile, I get to deal with the mess you made. You didn’t have to see him. You didn't have to hear him. The sound he made...”
The detective glares at the interruption and then sees what John is holding carefully between gloved fingers and his expression changes to elation. “Oh,
“So, what do we know to start? The victim was single, lots of friends and no known enemies. String of short term lovers, but nothing serious and lived alone. Footprints up the back walk show a man with very large feet in boots, wellies. They were muddy but no prints inside the house, which means he took them off. No sign of forced entry but a friend says she left the garden door unlocked often.”
"And you are also the only person I trust to do everything necessary to make sure he comes home in one piece, always."
He feels John's hands on his thighs. John is kneeling before him. "I know, I know. Just... you're in perfect health. Your vitals, your reflexes, all as they should be. Your eyes look completely fine, they're responding to light stimulus normally."
“Terribly sorry,” a young man’s scared voice mutters as it flees behind him. Someone had coughed on him while they were waiting at a street crossing. That’s all it was.
John continues. “To be honest, I’m not sure what made me angrier. That you thought it was perfectly fine to make such an enormous, permanent decision for all our lives without mentioning it to me, without asking… or that you didn’t even consider it to
He pushes her away thoughtlessly, too hard, she stumbles back several feet and crashes to the floor. He barely notices, pushing into the autopsy room, holding his breath. It’s empty, clean and scrubbed and silent with the lights turned out, smelling only of antiseptic. John turns around. “Where. Is. He?” he demands of Molly, still on the floor. She cringes and a detached part of him notices that she is crying silently.
He pauses, trying to think how on earth to go about this. “Look, you told me last night that you are careful with me, right? You try to protect me, you don’t like it when I’m hurt. Why is that?”
He nods, swallowing hard.
There is a long pause while John puts it together. Sherlock’s not sure what he expects but it isn’t the stinging slap to the face he gets.
Mrs. Hudson can clearly read all this in his face and pats his arm gently before changing the subject.
Sherlock studied him for a moment, eyes roving over every inch of his person, taking in each detail before he fired off a list in his clipped and rapid tone.
Sherlock considers. “It’s brighter when we’re being affectionate… or working on a case together…or you are doing something for me. It gets dimmer if we’re ignoring each other, or if you are angry with me or I with you.”
Sherlock releases one of John's hands so he can snake one of his own between John's legs. There's more than enough oil for lubrication, and he slips a finger inside of John without warning, feeling his friend clench and relax around him as Sherlock rubs a thumb just behind his testes. John wraps his free hand around the back of Sherlock's neck and pulls his face closer. "Don't stop," he grunts, panting like a wild thing, his breath savoury and warm in Sherlock's nostrils.
"There's a bus on the street. Ahead of us." He can smell that one, and felt the warm gust of air as it stopped.
His eyes scan, trying to remember everything. There wasn't much to go on, it was only for an instant that the stranger had hands on his coat, pointing him in the right direction, saving him. But the instant was enough. There was a scent, a distinct odor, almost a taste, under the cologne and detergent and aftershave, a scent that was forever seared into his nostrils.
John shakes his head. IN ALL THE OTHER SCANS YOU SHOWED EXTREME ACTIVITY IN THOSE AREAS, BUT WE THOUGHT THAT WAS JUST NORMAL FOR YOU. YOU'RE ALWAYS THINKING, VISUALISING, IMAGINING. I'D EXPECT YOUR SCANS TO BE OVERACTIVE IN THOSE AREAS. BUT IF THE ACTIVITY DECREASES WHEN YOU ARE CONFRONTED WITH SOMETHING YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE... SHERLOCK, THOSE ARE THE AREAS OF THE BRAIN THAT ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR HALLUCINATIONS.
"Sherlock, we can't know–"
"It's not that simple."
“Mmm… true. But I had evidence to back it up.”
John returns with a biriyani for two, and no sooner have they finished it than Sherlock’s phone rings.
He was proud that he hadn’t given Moran any sign of how close he really was to losing it. Sherlock still greeted him with a sarcastic smile and his usual banter. He knew Moran couldn’t stand the idea that his techniques were failing, although this had not yet made him try a new tactic. Therefore Sherlock was surprised when, on the fourth day, Moran sat down in front of him and said, “So. Here we are.”
“Sherlock… you have some good points there, but there’s so much other evidence,” Lestrade says evenly. “Is it possible you’re seeing things that just aren’t there?”
Sherlock digs in his pocket for a crumpled invitation, embossed on expensive stationary. “ ‘Mister Sherlock Holmes & Doctor John Watson are cordially invited…’ ” John reads. “Christ. He’ll be hyphenating our last names next.”
“Flirting,” Sherlock says grimly, flicking his eyes briefly across the room. “Mycroft, your ear?”
Molly makes soothing noises but doesn’t attempt to talk him down other than the occasional murmur of “I know you did. Everyone knows you did.”
She whispers in his ear. "Play your cards right and you'll find out."
He’s getting better. It only takes a word from John to stop him from starting in on Harry, a masterful show of self-control given his seemingly boundless loathing of her. And when he gleefully displays such breathtaking cruelty to Molly that she’s reduced to tears before them, he sees it. For once, he actually sees what he’s done and offers without prodding a quietly sincere apology and a chaste kiss.
“Happy,” John confirms, and realises that he really is. “Although if you really want to avoid any lava, you could always try being less of a complete dick about my non-you activities.”
"Well do it quickly, John, you're no good to me like this." Surprisingly, this seems to help, jarring John from his painful introspection.
“Because,” John whispers, ducking down to nibble on Sherlock’s earlobe. “You get to take it off me after.”
“Thank you,” John says, meaning it, strangely warmed by the gesture, the significance that Mycroft has accepted him as family, accepted partial responsibility for his sister. John has been trying to keep her together on his own for twenty years, and to have someone share the burden, even marginally, is a relief he can’t express. Perhaps that’s how Mycroft feels about John.
Sherlock enters, walks straight over to John with no hesitation, leans down and kisses him, almost harshly, without preamble. John doesn’t respond, partially out of shock and partially because there is no chance to do so. Sherlock is so firmly in charge, so aggressive that there is no room for anything but submission or forceful rejection on John’s part.
Sherlock is silent for a moment, then slowly comes up behind him and puts his hands on John’s shoulders. “You care about me?” he asks hoarsely.
Sherlock again says nothing, knowing Mycroft is right and hating him for it.
“My God,” John whispers, more to himself than to her. “Are you certain?”
He pauses to kiss along John’s hairline and nape of his neck, biting at an earlobe on his way. He expects John to complain, to squirm, to ask what he is doing, but this does not happen. Instead John lies quietly, content, and says, “Talk to me. Tell me, tell me what you observe.”
"We haven't any time," Sherlock says, trying not to let urgency shade to panic. That's the last thing John needs to hear in him. "I need you to block it out. It's all a hallucination. I need you to block it out, Dr. Watson!"
"Well, you didn't have a stroke..."
The taste of John’s mouth, to start. Vaguely sweet, a tinge of sourness from the long night, a hint of a breath mint to try and hide it. John’s smell. His shampoo and deodorant and aftershave mix together with his natural musk and a hint of sweat from their chase, plus the remnants of fear and adrenaline lingering but now overlaid by a smell Sherlock recognizes as desire.
"Well, what about that cook's son? The one who looks like he just walked out of a Gieves & Hawkes catalog?" Sherlock gestures in the general direction of the garden, where a strapping young man is building a new trellis.
They follow Lestrade to an interrogation room, where sits a huge, rather grubby and sullen man, surrounded by several officers.
“Back at the warehouse. I heard you tell Ms. Adler that we were not… that you weren’t…” Sherlock looks uncomfortable and doesn’t finish the sentence.
John stalks off in to the night and hears nothing for long seconds. Finally, there is the sound of footsteps. Sherlock has jogged to catch up with him, and gets in front of him, blocking his path.
“You don’t ask much, do you?” John retorts bitterly. “Just a lifelong commitment to a man I didn’t even know six months ago, who is possibly the most difficult person on the planet to live with.”
He runs through it all again, trying not to think too hard. This time, just as he’s about to give up, something jumps out at him. Friesland Petrol. A defunct oil company, declared bankruptcy and was sold off a few years ago. But why has that stuck out in his mind all of a sudden?
“Mm?”
John hesitates, still not fully sure of himself. But Sherlock is there and warm and wanting and
“My bollocks are freezing off,” the muscle says.
John sighs and snatches the cigarette out of his hand, tossing it to the ground. “No, Sherlock. It’s fine. You’re… quite a good dancer.”
John goes right on not believing it until Sherlock’s feet leave the roof of the hospital and John is screaming into a mobile phone that connects to nothing. He doesn’t believe it once there’s a body on the ground, and he doesn’t believe it for a long time afterwards. The world moves in sickeningly slow motion around him as he scrambles to his friend’s side and when it starts up again he is standing in the rain, alone, in the place where Sherlock Holmes died.
Harry was sober today.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Stop coddling me.”
“Oh god this is a sex thing isn’t it?” He gagged.
“Sherlock.” John began hesitantly.
“Close your eyes, Willa.” Sherlock instructed.
She’d rolled her eyes at him.
“What’s that smell?” Aaron asked as he finally stumbled into the living room, he’d showered and changed.
Willa looked confused at the question. “Flour, eggs and sugar?” She asked after a moment.
It didn’t escape him that John was perfecting the art of picking at Sherlock’s weak points. John was expertly manipulating him using a mixture of himself and Willa. It turned out to be a particularly effective method.
“It’s not because I don’t trust you, if that’s what you’re thinking.” John insisted firmly. “Sherlock you’ve been great with Willa, more fantastic than necessary but I don’t know if you want to watch her-”
Sherlock hadn’t gone back into the dining room and John turned the other way to follow him. John spotted the small pink sandal lying in the middle of the hall as he turned the corner. “Sherlock?” He shouted not able to see the man. As he reached the end of the hall there was an exit. John shoved the door open.
“I’m starving.” Harry announced perhaps a bit too loudly and clapped her hands together. John’s face twisted into something he might have imagined was a smile.
“Willa’s not a pawn.” Sherlock protested and he pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling the pressure of a headache building behind his eyes.
"Get up," Janine ordered.
“I need that,” Greg told him gesturing to the sweater he was still holding.
“Maybe you two can bake those cookies now that you can use both hands again.” Sherlock suggested, giving her even more incentive to go downstairs.
An hour later, after getting dressed and washing Willa’s face, Sherlock found himself with phone in hand waiting for Willa to get her coat on. He needed to warn John both about the cut and about the fact that they were leaving the flat for a while.
“How would you feel if it were Addison?” Molly’s voice was quiet but her words seemed to ring in the hall. It was a low blow but she could see the exact moment that it worked.
Willa pouted but after two minutes she finally relented and set to work. Sherlock stood behind her and watched. True to John’s prediction even with the delays she finished the work sheet with a minute to spare on the timer.
Sherlock nodded grimacing. “Yes, it was painful.”
That was why John had been so pleased when Sherlock agreed to come with them. The thought of Sherlock spending another Christmas dinner alone had saddened him to the point he nearly canceled. The only thing that had stopped him was the fact that Willa would have been devastated.
Oh. Sherlock found he rather liked that idea. He could still spend much of the day as he did now except dangerous experiments and crime scene photos would be close at hand. The flat did need a great deal of work but it would keep Willa safe upstairs and allow John to help regularly with cases.
“Boyfriend next?” John asked and gestured to the file he’d found in the bedroom.
A cold, hollow, laugh rang down the line and it made Harry's spine tingle.
“Yes.” John conceded. “She will cry, but that’s only because she’s learned it’s how she gets her way. One cry and someone comes running for.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m fine. Did I hurt you?” He reached for John’s wrist and took it gently.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “My findings will be more compelling if it’s believed I simply looked into this case out of morbid curiosity than if a man breaks the law to tell me about it.”
Stalk me:
“Yes you want me to tell her no or-”
, six days after Sherlock stepped on a plane and after sixteen hours of labor, Willa Louise Watson was born. Being just over six pounds and 48 centimeters long she was just a tiny thing in the doctors palm but her lungs were anything but. She screamed her displeasure at the world while being held up and announced, she screamed while John cut the cord, she screamed during her assessments, and when she was finally wrapped up and placed in her father’s arms she squinted at him from beneath red lids and promptly screamed louder.
“Hold on mate, save the introductions until Hayley and the pack get here.” Luke exclaimed before looking behind him.
Sherlock took over scrolling and before the timestamp had even switched to 7:30, about five minutes before John and Sherlock had even realized Willa was missing, the three of them headed off the left side of the screen.
No sooner had Mycroft put down the mobile he'd been talking on than one of his assistants knocked at the door. Seemingly, becoming aware of himself Mycroft settle himself into his seat behind the desk before calling the person is.
Sherlock’s eyes followed to where he was pointing. “Bedroom?” He asked.
Once inside, where it was less crowded, he set her down again. Just as he did a text from John came through.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked.
It was when Sherlock’s hand slipped further up his thigh, thumb dragging along the seam of his jeans that John pulled away again. “Maybe not here.”
In Brixton John showed Willa where the building was and then showed her where Mycroft had kidnapped him for their first meeting. She giggled like it was hilarious that her uncle was in the habit of kidnapping people. Sherlock wondered exactly how skewed her moral compass would be as she grew into an adult. Luckily John’s influences were mostly positive in the area, with a few minor quirks.
Willa shook her head. Nana trimmed the ends of her hair sometimes but Daddy had always said he liked her hair long so she’d never gotten it cut before.
John just stared.
Near silence pervaded and it grated on Sherlock’s nerves. “Of all the goldfish
“Yes Willa?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock slapped a hand over John’s mouth. “I am fully capable of murdering you in such a way they will never find the body.”
John sighed heavily, completely understanding now. “But she didn’t know, I mean most people don’t. And if it was in the insulin, it would have just kept raising his blood sugar and then he’d get more, a vicious cycle until the dosage was fatal.”
The orthopedist cleared Willa to have her cast removed exactly six weeks after she’d broken her arm. John had originally been planning to do the x-rays and removal of the cast himself but after she’d needed a new one he decided he wanted a second opinion on it. She was mesmerized by the flexibility of her own wrist after they removed the cast, less pleased when the doctor informed her she had two more weeks of restricted activity. That was what made John truly glad he’d taken her somewhere else.
John pulled away further then, turning back to look up at the sky. His hand slid down from around Sherlock’s neck and his arm came to rest around his waist. Sherlock wrapped his own arm around John’s shoulder and tilted his face up to watch the fireworks.
Willa bent so she was completely in his line of site. “Daddy says you and Aunt Molly are friends.”
Sherlock looked the girl over again. “She was your girlfriend?”
John held up his hand to silence Sherlock. “Well we’ve settled all that but there’s one more thing.”
A month later John learned there were far worse things.
Willa shrugged. “Because that’s what everyone brings in.”
Willa turned to look at Sherlock over her father’s shoulder. “Will you come with us?”
“Wait!” Lestrade yelled after them, “you can’t just go...”
Willa grinned excitedly. “The Silver Crown.” She read leaning close to the screen to see it.
It took less than a minute for her pulse to drop from a less concerning level but John kept making her breathe. After five minutes her eyes began dropping and John stopped counting out her breaths for her. Another five minutes and she was asleep, still in Sherlock’s lap on the floor.
“Of course it’s okay, we’ll just have to be careful this time.” Sherlock said relieved they would finally be leaving soon.
“You’re Willa’s teacher then.” Sherlock said looking around the man into the classroom where Willa had gone. It looked just like a first-year classroom.
Cole's
The woman looked at Sherlock as they reached her. “Help, I think she’s been attacked.” She pleaded.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at his laughter. “Yes, frankly I’m surprised you hadn’t thought of it.”
John looked down at his hands, clenched his fists a few times before taking a deep breath. “Money cleared into my account yesterday.” He said finally.
There was something more going on, this wasn’t just John wanting to be sure they were on the same page. John was still holding something back.
“Woah, hello there.” Greg said when she collided with his legs to stop.
One thing he does know, he has no interest in learning how much this renovation had cost.
“Oh,” Gregory nodded, “it’s got to be above her shoulders now, so a foot?”
Willa’s head hurt worse than she could ever remember it hurting before.
“Hello lovelies.” He said when Sherlock and Willa’s faces appeared on the screen. They were up in her room.
John’s heart sputtered uncomfortably. “Is he dead?”
“Willa, what happened?” John asked as he pulled the funduscope off the wall and came back to them.
“Just ask me then.” Sherlock insisted. “When have you ever known me to keep quiet when I think someone is using me?”
John was slightly more subdued in his desire to change from his work clothes. He took the time to properly hang up his jacket and lay his shoes on the rack in the hallway. His tie was halfway off when he reached his bedroom.
It was Sherlock who finally broke the silence, embolden by John’s urging to just ask for what he wanted.
Sherlock did slow his stride but didn’t stop walking until a hand wrapped around his wrist in a viselike grip.
“Molly is going to ask if you’ve held him.” John informed him.
“I’m quite aware of what I’m saying, John,” He said tersely, “but I’m still saying it. Will you meet us at the hospital?”
He heard nothing from Sherlock for the next hour. John had decided after washing dishes to prep another bottle, it had been nearly two hours since they arrived.
Mycroft made a noise. “Why didn’t you call me about the park?”
Slowly he pressed one finger into himself. He looked up to find John watching his face, intent and hungry. Sherlock kept eye contact as he leisurely began fucking the finger into himself. He carried on for far longer than necessary.
It took a moment to realize everyone was watching him. Sherlock swallowed down the emotions he was feeling and looked at Mycroft with the hardest glare he could manage, which admittedly was pathetic.
Isabelle Durant twenty-three had been missing for just over three days. She was the only child of Sidney Durant who owned hundreds of computer processor plants in Europe and Asia.
Molly straightened up so quickly that something in her back actually popped. “How could you?” She asked
John shook his head went to take a step back but Sherlock kept him pinned in place with his hands.
John felt like he was living on the edge of a razor for the next few weeks until he realized it could be months or years to complete an MI6 mission. So he began to occupy himself with more urgent matters, like the fact that Willa was due to start primary school in the fall and he’d been avoiding thinking about it.
He could hear Mrs. Hudson puttering around on the other side, the clink of china as she no doubt put down her cup of tea to come answer.
Sherlock felt guilty for not having visited Molly but once John had told him she’d married he wasn’t sure he wanted to interrupt that. It seemed, though, that she’d finally gotten over her fixation with him. “I’m sorry for not visiting.” He apologized awkwardly.
On her worst days, Molly Hooper questioned her ability to be a medical examiner. She knew she was soft, Aaron said it was one of the things he loved about her. That she could work and see such terrible things and still cry at homeless kittens. Normally she agreed, it was pretty spectacular, but some days she wondered if she wasn’t strong enough.
John had the decency to feel guilty. “It’s not that Sherlock.” He protested and Sherlock wondered if the hurt was visible on his face. “I just didn’t want you to worry about my money problems. I’m only here talking with Mycroft because he donated a significant amount of money to get her into this school, I don’t want it to look bad when I pull her out.”
Helmets had been purchased as well and soon the girls were on their bikes. Willa was trying valiantly to keep up with Addison but she had the disadvantage of inexperience. Of course, the fact that they were both still in their Easter dresses didn’t help any.
The noise John had made seemed to rip Sherlock out from wherever he’d been and his face crumbled. “John.” He called and also ran by Greg.
Mycroft handed the file over to Sherlock but was looking to John. “The evidence is all there.”
He stroked a finger over the gleaming wood.
John stepped in after her. “At the restaurant, someone attacked Harry and took Willa.” He cursed himself for the tremor in his own voice.
The physical aspect of playing was nothing more than muscle memory. He played the song perfectly but to his own ear it lacked emotion. It wasn’t until three songs in, people giving suggestions as soon as he stopped playing, that he began to feel the music the way he used to. The look of admiration on John’s face as he played helped immensely.
There was one last thing John had to say before he can leave the subject drop. He thinks it’s an obvious thing but it still absolutely needed to be said. “It won’t change between you and I, Willa, even though I’m with Sherlock. It won’t doesn’t mean anything will really change for you.”
He didn't though because, at this moment, Greg knew that they all needed Mycroft as his best. Not distracted by his sentimental old fool of a husband. Now was not the time to be thinking of his own wants and needs when his niece was out there somewhere not with her fathers.
John took a steadying breath and looked down at his empty glass. “Mycroft abducted us in May and brought us to his office. It was the first time I’d seen him in months, I was mad at him for not finding a way to keep you here. As it turns out Mary had decided being a mum wasn’t what she’d wanted after all. She was working again as an assassin.”
“Yes, gifting me my own property, that is very you.” Even Sherlock knew there was no bite in his words.
“Thank you, Sherlock. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.” Willa repeated, she was obviously trying not to squeal for fear of spooking the kitten.
As he heard the jogger approach, his backpack bouncing noisily with his stride, Sherlock leaned down and picked Willa up.
“A picture.” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed as soon as she popped out of her own flat after they’d gone down to get her.
There was a line of dirt going up the stairs where Willa had presumably rested her hand as she ran up and down the stairs day after day.
John chuckled when he realized what Sherlock was trying to do. “Not going to work, Sherlock.”
Mycroft slid past his brother. “I will leave you two to your domestic.” He nearly ran up the stairs.
“I’m glad your weekend was… relaxing.” Greg said with a knowing smirk.
He loaded the cupcakes in a tray while Sherlock fixed her hair into another braided crown. She reminded them she was now six at least five times before they left the house. Because of the cupcakes they took a cab.
“Oh Sherlock, you’re a natural.” Molly gushed and pulled out her phone to take a picture.
Willa shrugged again, the gesture was smaller this time.
During dinner his phone rang. There’d been another Thallium poisoning, except this time the boy was still alive.
“Alright, listen you two, go find whoever is in charge. Give them statements.” Lestrade instructed them, speaking over Sherlock’s protests that it had been a functional statement. “You two cannot do this, you can’t be running this show. I shouldn’t even be here but I knew you two would try and take over. So I’m here to tell you it can’t happen.”
They waited up together until one of Mycroft’s minions began dragging in the presents. John felt sort of bad for the man and wondered if he had family that he wasn’t seeing because Mycroft had given him this job. He offered him a cup of tea (Sherlock had rolled his eyes and set about deducing the presents) before he left and the man seem surprised and grateful.
Suddenly there was a sharp kick to his shin and when Sherlock finally began processing stimulus outside of his brain he saw John jerking his head towards Willa.  She was still looking at Sherlock with such hope in her eyes but her smile had fallen just a little.
From the corner of his eye he saw Mycroft look up from his phone. “I’m not sure what you mean, brother dear.”
Will you buy me some?
Sherlock growled at his phone and barely resisted the urge to slam it against the wall. John was watching him, having finished his conversation with Lestrade.
It was definitely odd.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, almost back to his non-sentimental self, “that’s because they didn’t do it.”
“I...” Sherlock began as he glanced about the room again, “don’t know.”
“John, I doubt she’ll show up tomorrow.” Sherlock said. He wasn’t irritated but rather was trying to assure John they would be fine.
“I won’t if you promise to stick to buying ugly jumpers when you’re emotional.” Sherlock agreed even though he knew it would be much more difficult than that.
“Yes.” John grunted guiding her off him.
John smiled sadly. “You don’t.”
“I told you I wasn’t going to tell you anything.” John teased seeing his scowl.
“Hello, I am in the room.” Sherlock said loudly. It was irksome to have them speaking about him as if he wasn’t in there. He’d spent the last several years of his life with others making decisions for him, he was damned to spend the future the same way.
Willa politely accepted her gifts but her eyes were always on Baron who was still exploring the first floor. She even managed to smile, albeit in a pained way, when Harry insisted she try on the hideous jumper she’d bought her. Sherlock wondered how upset John would be if he accidently lost it while cleaning up. Her birthday seemed to be heavy on books and clothes. Sherlock questioned if John had made the request given the frankly terrifying number of toys she’d gotten at Christmas.
John followed Sherlock’s directions but not without a bit of eyerolling. Despite having been in the army he wasn’t exactly fond of people telling him what to do. He always forgave Sherlock for it though.
His face was very much the same and an irrational part of John wanted to smack him. Of course Sherlock would be the type of person to age gracefully and without wrinkles or grey hair. There was a scar through the edge of his right eyebrow, it was old and hadn’t been sutured well when the injury had occurred. His cheekbones were more prominent than they had been and John, for the first time, agreed with The Woman. You could injure yourself on those cheeks as they were now.
Greg nodded. “Yeah. I just want it over though. Mycroft thinks there won’t need to be anymore hearings.”
John nodded and looked over his shoulder towards the train. “I don’t
“Don’t rationalize my poor parenting, Sherlock.” John warned him and grabbed the butter dish a little more violently than necessary.
Mary sent presents between Christmas and Willa’s birthday every year and despite Mycroft’s best attempts they never learned how she did it. Extravagant dolls, an actual china tea set, and jewelry. All lovely but not things Willa cared about which assured both Mycroft and John that she didn’t have any real knowledge of her daughter. Every year as he ritually destroyed the objects John wondered if these were guilt trinkets. He wondered if Mary felt remorse for what she had done, for choosing her career over their daughter. It didn’t matter in the end because she would never get near Willa if John had any say in the matter.
“This year we thought it might go better if we got them each one larger gift.” Greg interrupted Mycroft’s speech. Mycroft didn’t look too put out, he simply nodded.
She didn’t worry though, John was far too noble to ever harm her but even she had a few needles worth of protection hidden inside her hand bag. One could never be too careful where Sherlock Holmes was concerned.
Sherlock leaned over and pulled the phone from his face, ignoring John’s swats. He pressed the speaker button.
Willa rolled her eyes, not looking away from her structure. “People who are,” her eyes flicked up to Sherlock and narrowed, “
Sure enough there was a woman making her way straight towards them, followed closely by no less than five children.
Sherlock felt his own eyes widen and he scrambled back off the bed to retrieve the lube so quickly John didn’t have time to unwind his hands. The pulled hair burned Sherlock’s scalp in a delicious way.
Irene folded her arms over her chest. “No, I agree. But in
John took a deep breath. “Sherlock noticed someone at the park this morning but he knew he’d been made. He, or someone else, must have come back tonight and Sherlock was awake. He took my gun.”
“Water, most places will give it to you free. Oh and the soda.” Taylor said shrugging.
The shrill ring of the hospital phone jerked Harry from her thoughts, her heart sinking. Only John knew where she was, she couldn't imagine a 3am call being good. She hoped for the best and prepared for the worst as she reached out to answer the phone.
As soon as she was done Janine pulled the trash from her hand and handed her a pair of trainers. They were a little too big but Willa didn't say anything about it. As she put them on, she looked at Cole again. He hadn't seemed to have moved since when she first woke up, he was still only looking at the wall and nowhere else.
“What?” He asked and wondered how she always managed to do that to him.
Sherlock cast a glance over at John who suddenly found the arm of the sofa interesting, then he nodded. Willa beamed.
“John, it’s Molly,” She said softly not sure what she was going to say precisely.
John turned to Sherlock. “Here?”
For over six hours now.
John’s hand on his leg had been comfortable right up until the moment Mycroft pointed it out. Sherlock blamed himself for that. He would never admit that the reason the hypocrisy of his statement had escaped him was because he hadn’t noticed the extra weight there. Now that it was gone and John was certainly keeping to his side of the sofa Sherlock missed it immensely.
“I think I could manage it…” Sherlock slurs.
After that first night, John expects it to get better. It does get better, really it does. Sherlock starts sleeping and eating and working and speaking again. He does things other than play the same six mournful bars on the violin over and over and over. In fact, he snaps back to his normal – whatever you can call normal for Sherlock – self again.
Victor is taken aback. “John, that sounds incredibly dangerous. If it is really this woman you’ve mentioned, then she is clearly a professional. You don’t even know if she’ll be on the ship, much less if she actually has any idea what happened to Sherlock.”
All at once the full realization of where he was caught up to John.  “You’re alive,” he breathed. “You are really alive. All that time I thought…” He choked back the emotion that was building inside of him. “I thought I’d lost you forever. And even after I found out, I didn’t really believe…I couldn’t…I didn’t dare to hope…” He stopped, unable to go on.
Sherlock examines them meticulously with his lens before dropping them into an evidence bag, stowing them in his pocket, and looking, if possible, more smug than before.
which might as well be his skin, with a level of familiar intimacy even he doesn’t dare uninvited. She’s wearing it like a trophy, smug and catlike as if she’s won a contest he didn’t even know he was in.
Sherlock listens for John's breathing and, before he can get up or say anything, Sherlock pounces on him, barely managing to hold on to the greased body as he pins John to the carpet, face up. John growls happily and bites at Sherlock's wrists without any real force behind it. He presses his hips up, rubbing his thickness against Sherlock's stomach. He's trying to goad Sherlock into action and it's working.
John digested his statement impassively. “Did you think of me? Back here alone. Even once, did you think what it was doing to me?”
For once, she seems speechless, cocking her head at him as if trying to determine if he really means what he'd just said. He meets her gaze steadily.
about you?”
. It didn’t matter.”
He bolted for the door. “Sherlock, you can’t go out like that – it’s freezing out there!” John protested. Sherlock was still bare-chested, wearing only the scarf and the trousers, which hung off his too-prominent hip bones and still barely reached his calves.
“Doctor Watson, it’s Doctor Drescher.”
She squealed and vaulted over his chest. John went after her as best he could, groaning at the pain in his back, he wondered if the floor would have been a better choice.
Lestrade tried to snatch the photo from Sherlock but he moved to quickly, pulling it to his side of the desk. “Your brother only interferes when he has to.”
Sherlock realized Willa was looking up at him expectantly. “Sometimes.” He agreed. It seemed to be the right thing to say because her arms dropped and she was all smiles again.
Fine. Text me when you’re done. This is urgent.
Sherlock groaned, frustrated, and stood. He paced a small circle in front of his chair. “Why does it matter?” He asked after a moment. “I’m more than happy to tend to her at night. Why does it matter?”
John startled and nearly dropped the bottle. “Jesus Christ, how?”
There’d even been dates. They never called them that but what else could it have been when John arranged a sitter and took Sherlock out on Valentine’s day. Sherlock might have generally ignored society’s inane holidays but he knew John paid them heed.
For eighteen months they ran back to back successful missions until the day their luck caught up with them. Three men died and Cole had taken two bullets to the gut. He’d nearly died on the way to the hospital and then again during the surgery to remove the bullet that hadn’t passed through him. He’d been shipped out to Germany to recover until he was well enough to be sent stateside.
Lestrade nodded. “Yes, your brother mentioned.”
Sherlock obeyed hastily.
“Perfect.”
“Get out.” He snarled at the other person in the room who turned out to be Mr. West.
“And besides. He’s moved back into the flat and I know for a fact there are only two bedrooms up there.” She smirked at him like the Cheshire cat.
“John?” Sherlock asked once John had begun undoing Sherlock’s belt.
~~~~~~
Both Sherlock and John whipped their heads around to follow the call.
Harry watched as John argued on his mobile. She knew he was arguing, John’s eyebrows always went down and together when he was pissed at someone and since they hadn’t actually gotten to their own argument, for once the look wasn’t being directed at her. She also noticed how Sherlock watched John from the corner of his eye. Was there trouble in paradise already? And yet here they were trying to tell her that letting this psychopath adopt her niece was a good idea.
Mycroft took over that job for him, thankfully. “John, this is more than you had ten minutes ago.” He reminded him in a placating tone.
When Willa began speaking beyond ‘Dada’ and ‘milk’ John often wondered what highly inappropriate words Sherlock would try to teach her. Which was how John found himself with an eighteen-month-old who knew the word ‘Detective.’
Willa, being her precious and precocious self, pointed at the menu. “I want the prawns.” She declared.
Willa tried to scream louder and kicked at him more. Her screams were muffled by the woman’s hand still even though it was slipping as Willa fought.
John took advantage of the moment and leaned over towards Greg. “How’s the custody case going?”
John’s shoulders dropped and he seemed relieved. Had he actually considered that Sherlock would want to kick them out? They’d been honestly living on Baker Street longer than Sherlock had so really they had more a right to the place.
“John.” Mycroft began. “I assume you have a reason for asking to meet, you usually do not insist upon meeting during business hours for a social visit.”
Willa looked up from the phone and cried. “Aunt Harry!” Sherlock skillfully saved his phone from meeting an unfortunate end by plucking it from Willa’s hands as she jumped up to give Harry a hug.
come in and speak with him.”
“Of for god’s sake.” The man cursed and reached behind him.
Greg had resolutely kept John at the pub for no less than three hours and valiantly put up with the fact that John literally had nothing to talk about other than Willa.
John jerked his head up and looked around, realizing for the first time that his daughter wasn’t hiding in one of the stalls. “Fuck.” He cursed and climbed back up to his feet.
John sighed and shook his head. “No, you infuriating prat, I would not.”
Sherlock looked up and, despite their conversation the night before, seemed surprised. “Of course.” Was his answer though and he completed it with an eye roll.
Well, as free as he could get while stuffed in the back of one of Mycroft’s cars. They were leaving Heathrow and heading towards London.
Mycroft took a few deep breaths and stood. Walking over to Gregory he leaned down and gently shook his shoulder. Gregory stirred just a bit, his eyes still closed.
“I… what? What about my case? I didn’t do it.” Erik protested and stood as well, this drew in the attention of a guard.
Gregory immediately started moving. “Where are they? Home?”
“Willa,” John gasped, realizing what he was saying and suddenly understanding (once again) why Sherlock thought they were all stupid.
“No new damage, the old cast took all of it.” John said and Sherlock could tell he was pretending not to notice he was taking Willa’s pulse.
Willa rounded the corner with her boots on. “Can we go now?”
"It's a child," Cole insisted, sounding upset.
Sherlock realized Thursday morning that it was John’s way of ensuring he slept at least six hours most nights.
Greg looked down at the mobile and nodded, at least now he’d have a somewhat valid reason for seeking them out.
On the way home he stopped at the shops and picked up another jug of milk. Wandering over to the bakery he spotted a cookie cake. He found a chocolate chip one for Sherlock.
Siiiiigh.
Stalk me:
So I'm super mean to Willa but it's all for continuation of the plot. This helps further what happens in the next chapter which might be the last one for this story. If it's not the last it will definitely be the second to last one.
He stayed there, fucking John with his tongue, until John had given in and was attempting to writhe back against the assault. Sherlock’s hands were pinning John’s hips down keeping him from thrusting backward and from rutting into the mattress. By now his cock had begun paying full attention to the proceedings.
“Has there been any news?” Sherlock asked Molly who only looked up at him miserably.
Greg snorted, "desperately."
December first came in and blanketed London with a dusting of snow. Willa squirmed and wiggled all throughout breakfast dying to get outside. John didn’t have the heart to tell her there wasn’t enough to properly play in. So he dutifully buttoned her up in her winter jacket, wrestled her into gloves, tried to stuff her hair under a hat and took her outside.
“John.” Sherlock said and leaned over him. “It’s far too late to branch into that particular field of philosophy.”
Confusion turned to utter
On Tuesday John was paying bills while Sherlock showered when he realized there was a problem. Sherlock’s allowance had cleared into his bank account that morning. Mycroft had either forgotten about changing it back or simply hadn’t gotten around to it, either way it made John look at his finances a little closer than he had in years.
Mycroft threw his hands up in defeat, red faced from exertion but cheerful. Sherlock absolutely did
“The mother?” John cried suddenly. “That’s why you were asking about how they managed his medicine while he was with her. She seemed so upset at the funeral though.”
They sat in near silence for the next three excruciating hours until the sounds of Willa stirring upstairs drew his attention. John was going to strangle Sherlock the next time he saw him.
“Now Willa has offered to share her party with Sherlock and since I know we’ll never pin him down to sing separately we’re just going to sing to them both.” John announced loudly and to everyone.
John nodded firmly. “Right, good then.”
“If you could get dressed we’ve got a train to catch.” He said.
He knew John was fretting over what had happened but Wolanski hadn’t given anything of value up to Sherlock or Mycroft’s men. Just because Wolanski had a heavy criminal past didn’t mean this year was meant to be any different than the prior years where the present had just been left and currier disappeared.
That pit had turned into a gaping chasm of inky blackness and the chanting grew louder in his head.
“Too much?” John asked.
It had nothing to do with Sherlock or his abilities to take care of Willa, John knew they would be just fine. It had everything to do with John and the fact that until this trip the longest he’d been away from Willa was their weekend in February. This trip would see him leaving Sunday afternoon and getting back Wednesday afternoon.
Sherlock nodded, “yes, so is the sweater.” He sounded far away, too busy staring at the locks of hair he was holding even though he'd probably gotten everything he needed from it.
The man it came from was approaching them rapidly with a friendly smile on his face. This man was more noticeably ex-military than even John and that wasn’t taking into account the small military tattoo on his forearm.
“We can have cleaners out before Christmas.” Mycroft answered.
“Of course there were!” Erik protested. “He’s diabetic. He’s got more track marks than a bloody junky and he’s only six!”
Hello, all! Just a quick note. If you haven't noticed I had to revise the previous chapter because I wrote the entire thing in the wrong tense. While it's fundamentally the same 500+ words magically appeared during the editing.
“Because she needs to be bored every now and then. She needs to learn how to cope with boredom in a healthy way. She needs to learn to interact with people. Her…” John stopped and struggled with what to say. “She just needs to learn that life isn’t always interesting.”
Sherlock, in one fluid motion, snatched the stick from his hand and strode over towards the desk. Mycroft just barely suppressed the urge to sigh at his brother’s impertinence and instead sank down onto the sofa. Gregory, whose eyes still hadn’t opened, reach over and grabbed his hand with surprising accuracy. Mycroft laced their fingers and then returned the squeeze Gregory gave him.
Mr. West shifted the cupcakes so he could extend a hand. “Mr. Holmes it is a pleasure to meet you. Willa has mentioned you.”
John laughed. “Well aren’t you bossy.”
Sherlock looked almost confused.
Sherlock finished his brief demonstration of the microscope and then let Willa lead him to the cupboards. He lifted her up to see better and began listing off what each chemical was.
Willa agreed to sleep in her own room and this time it was Sherlock who pretended not to notice when John gave her a slightly higher than normal dose of Benadryl before bed. They both stayed in her room until she fell asleep, neither of them really knowing who’s benefit it was for.
I LIED HE'S A FUCKING CINNAMON ROLL OF LIGHT AND GOODNESS AND WOULD NEVER DO ANYTHING BAD.  (seethes at the television)
She squealed again and threw herself at him for another hug. When she finished with him she nearly tackled John with the same level of enthusiasm.
John gave a weak smile. “Yes, you’ll see in a few weeks. She sends a gift between Christmas and Willa’s birthday. The first year it was in the hall downstairs, last year it got delivered next door ‘by accident’ and they brought it over. Never the same way but it always comes.”
It was very close to being a proper lab.
“Would you have it any other way?” Sherlock asked and sat back on the bed.
“Wait, Janine?” Harry asked suddenly realizing where she’d seen the photos before. “Oh my god.” She glared at Sherlock. “From the papers. You’re bloody ex?” She yelled at him.
Lisa and Victor Long were crowded around their son’s bed looking distraught. A young girl, not much older than Willa sat in the corner and watched everything with shiny wide eyes. John introduced them and Sherlock noted he purposely affixed his ‘doctor’ title when he did.
Lukas was exhausted and the bags under his eyes were both from lack of sleep and from crying.
Teddy remained deep asleep in that oblivious to the world way newborns had. Willa was just looking at him in awe.
“Sherlock?” He asked reaching out and touching the taller man’s arm, once again unable to keep to himself.
Sherlock stopped suddenly and gestured into one of the rooms on the floor they were on. Inside was several dirty mattresses and a few piles of garbage. “Why was there no one here?”
“Shall we get on with presents?” Greg asked a while later and stood to go fetch the girls.
He stopped at the front door on his way back down to the lower flat, he stepped outside for a moment and looked around. After reassuring himself there was no sign of the man he closed and locked the door.
When he stepped out it was clear Willa was fighting back tears. Sherlock cursed when he realized she’d been asking
"Aside from being a few thousand pounds short by dawn and having walked most of London, there's not much to see," Mycroft said finally after he realized Greg was waiting on him.
“Oh John.” Sherlock said and it took a moment to realize he’d said it out loud. John nodded and stood, going into the kitchen to refill his drink.
John shrugged. “Busy. Cold and flu season.”
Gregory grinned, “good, I’m glad I’m not the only one who’s starving.”
“Mary,” Harry clarified. “She called me just after Willa’s first birthday. She said she’d tried to reach out to you, but you wouldn’t have any of it. That you wouldn't even speak to her. She said all she wanted was to know how she was doing and maybe a picture when I had it.”
“What now?”
A touch of pink crept up on Sherlock’s cheeks. “Your daughter insisted she was dying of starvation.”
“No but Reinette is brighter than even you know, all children are. It’s when we teach them that they don’t know anything that they truly don’t.” Mycroft answered.
“Right, so now I’m useless,” John said, dropping his head into his hands.
Stalk me:
John managed to turn his head so he could look at Sherlock. “
Sherlock sighed. “What is the reaction of nicotine and blood sugar?”
~~~~~~
John found himself attempting Mycroft’s pseudo parenting technique the following morning. He quickly learned that the older man had indeed been correct. Willa might not have been Sherlock but she was exceptionally clever and John felt he wasn’t even being particularly biased in that opinion.
Sherlock snorted. “And your stag night theme was inappropriate.” He said to John over his shoulder.
“Yes.”
Gregory slumped over at this question. “They’re… it’s rough right now. I don’t think either of them have slept.”
Now, though, now Rosie was fifteen months and
Willa saw her pull out a pair of scissors from inside the box, she bit her lip and looked down at her knees. She closed her eyes after watching as the first bits of her hair fell to the floor, the tears came anyway.
She told him all the little details and when they hung up John was left standing in the hall feeling… numb. He finished up with his patient before seeking out one of the other doctors to ask if they could cover the rest of his patients.
After breakfast John coaxed Willa into the bedroom with him for a nap reminding her they would be out late that night. Sherlock cleaned the room and tried to make some organization out of Willa’s toys. After that was done he found he couldn’t focus on going through the newspaper archives.
“Willa are you alright?” Sherlock asked.
*Look I'm warning ya'll now there is a tiny paragraph that involves feet in kinda sexual situation but like it's not bad. I haaate feet and foot fetishes are just gross to me but I wrote this. If this bugs you you'll be able to figure out when it's coming and skip the paragraph*
“Willa’s missing.” Mycroft repeated to him as he crossed the room for his work phone that was charging at the desk.
Both men were probably going to need to be drugged in order to get them any kind of restful sleep. While that wasn’t something Mycroft necessarily wanted to do, it wasn’t something he was above. While Gregory distracted himself cleaning up Mycroft quickly sent someone out on an errand to get sedatives that he could easily slip into a drink. That was another one of those grey areas where he wasn’t entirely sure Gregory would be happy with him.
John realized his mistake then. Not even science and facts could touch the parts of Sherlock’s mind that were pure and raw emotion.
“Guess what?” She asked excitedly, her toes nudging his.
While everyone oohed and aahed over Willa and the kitten John looked up at Sherlock. “He was your gift.” He said quietly.
“And it’s shit!” John roar and stalked over towards Mycroft.
Sherlock gave into Willa’s less than gentle nudging and got up. As soon as he’d grabbed his dressing gown Willa jumped off the bed and blew past John. John turned to see her skid to a stop in front of the sliding doors and begin bouncing impatiently.
“Not a chance.” John said firmly.
John finished his own glass before speaking. “I’m not insulting your intelligence but I have to say it just so it’s been said. Willa comes first, she always has and always will for me, she’s the reason I agreed to get back together with Mary after she shot you.” John admitted, looking at his hands.
Willa made a gagging noise behind them.
Willa was miserable even when fed and changed. Her cry was whiny and she clawed at her face with her hands leaving John to put socks over them so she didn’t cause any more scratches. By nine thirty in the morning John was very quickly approaching his wits end and had to do something. There was one sure method to lull his overtired daughter to sleep and it was also John’s preferred method of calming down. He’d only gotten three blocks from home when he was cut off by the ever-bored looking Anthea leaning against a car.
Sherlock fell asleep that night curled around John’s back.
Two weeks later a text arrived at 3:15am.
“Thank you.” She said as she reached up and patted his cheek. “Where’s Sherlock? You’ll both be needing some strong tea.”
It wasn’t that Willa never got into trouble, though overall she was a very well behaved child, but she rarely did senseless things. When she disobeyed the rules she usually felt she had a valid reason, even if John didn’t agree with the reasoning.
He quickly handed out the coffee to everyone, holding John’s in front of his face until he finally took it, before walking back to Mycroft. Sherlock watched as he pulled the bag from between his teeth and then produced a cookie, which he shoved in Mycroft’s hand without even asking. Any other time Sherlock would have had hundreds of rude things to say but this time he was quiet.
Sherlock turned and looked over John’s head at Willa’s room, his daughter’s room,
He kissed down to Sherlock’s neck and finally,
DI Thomas was resolved to test him on that vow. “Why are you interested?” She asked after he told her why he’d come.
There was a distinct lack of police even though the DI who had taken their statements had instructed them to go home and wait, that someone would be around to check on them shortly. John wondered how much of the absence of police was from Greg and Mycroft’s involvement and how much of it was because Sherlock had effectively screamed at the entire force about their incompetence. He sincerely hoped it was the former.
She looked right past John and at Sherlock. “Would you like the two-year warranty?”
“Brave.” Sherlock corrected and John let out a wry chuckle.
There was nothing sexual about it, or at least there wouldn’t have been had it been possible for Irene to exist in a space without making it sexual. With her present, every moment felt like one long and elaborate game of foreplay.
John noticed that Sherlock was standing in front of Willa, he nodded at him and then Sherlock stepped aside. Willa was oblivious to it all, still playing on Sherlock’s phone.
On the first day John was home Sherlock fell asleep on the sofa after a valiant struggle to stay awake. The next day he had off John simply nudged Sherlock down the short hall to his room. When John was working, he would come home to find Sherlock asleep in his bed. He would just shut the door and leave him sleep until supper. After the first day he didn’t bother trying to keep Willa quiet or get her out of the flat, Sherlock slept through the various noises she made.
Willa slept in their room that night, curled between John and Sherlock. She insisted on touching them both all night long. Sherlock had tried to slide out of bed at eleven but even in her sleep Willa’s breathing sped up to the point Sherlock nearly threw himself back on the bed.
“You will be doing no such thing.” Mycroft cut in tersely.
“Drink it,” Janine ordered, her friendly tone was gone again.
John laughed.
Willa bounced into the living room when she got home, shoes trailing behind her and she threw off her coat. Upon seeing Sherlock in his chair she went over to him.
“Bloody hell, it’s in the sodas.” He cried and stood grabbing his phone.
“Why are you here, Irene?” Sherlock repeated through clenched teeth.
“The fucking security guard,” He explained by way of cursing even more. Mycroft actually looked confused so Greg took a deep breath and tried again.
“We need to get going.” Sherlock leaned down and told him.
Mycroft may have decided she was his to protect that day, not just on some promise to Sherlock but because he wanted to.
Mycroft nodded. “That I can deal with, I’d rather him not see this.”
Willa eagerly pushed a door open and dashed into the room. John followed quickly, shoving the second door to the side. Willa was stopped in the center of the room staring at the tree. On her face was a look of such pure joy that made John smile. He quickly took several photos because
Sherlock leaned over and kissed John because there was nothing else to say, because he was grateful that eleven years ago John had risked his freedom by shooting a man for someone he barely knew, and because he was happy he’d gotten to return to him.
John cringed, this might be the most awkward conversation he’s ever had with his child. “Well we’re together… like romantically.”
John sat straighter in the chair, Sherlock was still leaning over him, and he grabbed for his narrow hips and pulled until the other man’s knees gave. He slid to the floor between John’s legs, hands resting on his thighs.
John was the first one back into the building, this time leaving Sherlock to follow behind. Where Sherlock gained an advantage through longer legs John persevered with sheer will as he took the steps two at a time.
She jumped up and went into the bathroom.
“Daddy when can I get a phone?” Willa asked coming to a halt at his side.
Clearly Mycroft had warned them about him. Boring.
Cole turned his head to look at them. “You don’t give me problems, kid, and I won’t give you any.” He spoke like a tourist.
anything until John gets home.”
Molly had to sit but there were no chairs in the hall so she settled for leaning against the wall, hand still up to her mouth. She closed her eyes trying to bring up images of Willa the last time she’d seen her, giggling as she’d told Molly that she’d asked Sherlock to be her Papa and just as quickly as she’d said it begging to hold Teddy even though he’d nearly outgrown her lap. She needed these images in her mind, not the ones that her years of seeing terrible things allowed her mind to conjure up at Mycroft’s words.
There were footsteps on the stairs and John frantically shushed her.
“Come on you haven’t even heard what it is.” Lestrade protested raising his voice.
Mycroft grimaced. “Well, I would not word it that way to him, I doubt he would accept.”
When they got to the living room John allows himself a triumphant smile. Before going to wake them, he had convinced Sherlock to feed Teddy his next bottle. Once John had showed him how, he’d taken to it just fine, despite the fact he constantly looked afraid.
Stalk me:
there was no way anyone in his life could do anything normally, especially not her.
“She isn’t alone.” Sherlock continued stepping closer, his eyes pleading. “Please, she needs to know she’s not alone.”
It wasn’t that he would argue Sherlock’s reappearance this time or begrudge him his absence, no he would certainly welcome his friend back with open arms. But there would have to be changes. The biggest of which was Willa. She was John’s life now, everything he did revolved around her. Her existence would completely alter his and Sherlock’s relationship in a way even Mary hadn’t succeeded in doing.
As they finished their beers John was already melting into Sherlock’s side, uncaring about the crowd the way he might have while sober.
The more he thought about it the more he realized that the fact he’d used Willa as a pawn was what was unsettling him. He didn’t like the feeling of it and vowed not to do it again unless, of course, it was life or death.
Sherlock swallowed. “I would like to have dinner with you two, tonight.”
Sherlock then turned his attentions to John’s arms. He finished his exploration by sucking each of his fingers into his mouth. John was moaning loudly by the time he finished, cock twitching with interest.
PS: The book John reads is "On the Night You Were Born" by Nancy Tillman. My husband hates it but I read it on the night before my kids' birthdays. I also cry every. single. time.
“I was alone so often as a child. Even when there were people around, I always felt so… alone.” Sherlock murmured, it didn’t appear he was speaking to John anymore.  “As an adult, too.”
John sighed and set down his book. “Sherlock. she’s not even six for god’s sake. This year Willa learned she was different from the other children her age. While she was learning multiplication and writing short stories they were struggling to learn to read. This is the one aspect in which she’s just like them, let her have this.” John explained.
John made it to the little café by the school first, not surprising if Sherlock had to come from Baker Street. He dropped into one of the little chairs and rested his head in his hands.
Once Sherlock’s moans had devolved back into soft gasps, his fingers twitching on the duvet, John moved one hand to push his trousers down the rest of the way. Sherlock was compliant in lifting his legs so John could slide them off completely.  He gently scratched his nails back up the other man’s calf. Sherlock’s hips twitched violently and he moaned.
The day had been so pleasant and terribly domestic feeling. John wondered over dinner if this was Sherlock’s way of reacting to the knowledge of what had happened with Mary. Or if he just felt more comfortable showing Willa affection after their conversation about babysitting. Whatever the reason it left a warm and pleasant feeling in John’s chest.
John grinned. “Sherlock we’ve always been partners but yes, now we’re partners in everything.”
She loved sitting on the table reading out the recipes to him. Her math skills were nearly on par with her reading and John encourage her tell him how many quarter cups in a cup and a half or how many teaspoons in two tablespoons. She nearly always got it right. But her number one favorite thing to do was to don the oven mitts and slide the dish into the oven. He imagined it made her feel grown.
“Bloody hell,” He cursed and hit the steering wheel as he parked, Mycroft looked over worriedly.
Sherlock didn’t look up. He was definitely upset.
John seemed to deflate at the sentence. Sherlock could see he was torn between being grateful and not wanting charity. He honestly could not tell if John’s pride would get the better of him. Once he would have been certain John would turn down the money but now there was a child to think of.
Finally John stood next to the bed and reached out to shake him awake. “Sherlock, dinner.”
“I know.”
Sherlock snorted, apparently unable to keep his mouth shut any longer. John was impressed it had taken him this long.
He was restless being on his own. It was different than his few glorious moments of peace at Baker Street. There, no doubt the second he got bored then he could find Sherlock or Willa or even Mrs. Hudson to talk to. He was already texting Sherlock incessantly, there was no one else.
Sherlock turned and looked to him questioningly.
“I’ll go.” John said.
“You, love,” John said as he rolled onto his side with a great deal of theatrics, “now get to go pick up Willa from Mrs. Hudson’s.”
“Sir,” Jessica called as she pushed open the door to Mycroft’s office just a crack. She hadn’t knocked but everyone knew the fastest way to find oneself unemployed was by barging into his office without an invitation.
“Your brother is gone. Is he dead yet I wonder? Hmm?” John snapped unable to listen to platitudes about Sherlock.
“Doctor Watson I am so sorry, that was entirely inappropriate.” Mr. West apologized taking a step back towards his classroom looking like he wanted to hide.
"I don't see how you could think that could possibly be any of your business," he snarls in a whisper, so as not to disturb Sherlock. Not that he could.
the memory of John informs him just as everything fades to black.
"What does that mean?"
"No," Sherlock tells him firmly. "No one is coming. You have to focus. We are in Baker Street. We have been drugged. I need to you help me make an antidote. Listen to my voice, John. Am I telling you the truth?"
He manages to contain himself, but it's a close thing. "You know, I've never wanted to hit a woman before."
John can hear the commotion up front, and two people get out. The female and the muscle, as he’d guessed. Mondo’s making his way around back while she’s sweeping the perimeter. Perfect.
“Fourteen,” Sherlock amended. “The others were henchmen, too stupid to realise when they were on the wrong side. I did…try…not to be excessive.”
“This. With you. I can’t do it.” His tone is firmer now, and icy.
“Exactly!” John says, elbowing Sherlock in the ribs harder than is strictly necessary. “What was I saying this morning about being
“…so really the problem is, if those footprints weren’t the kidnapper’s, then whose were they? John, are you listening to me?”
“Yes, mathematically selecting addresses to create a nearly perfect golden spiral. But he didn’t stop there, that’s why the ages are decreasing in such an odd way as well. They get younger by the same factor as the spiral gets smaller! The conjugate of the golden ratio! God, it’s so simple! But why?”
“What? No… I was a little busy.” John tosses the jacket at him and sinks stiffly into his chair.
“93, 58, 35, 22…Wokingham, Enfield, Gravesend, Croyton… 1.618034…
John closes his laptop, rubbing his eyes, and half-heartedly makes some tea. Mrs. Hudson would do it if he asked – she’d do almost anything for him now – but he can’t bear her face when she looks at him. He gets lost in thought while making it and it comes out too strong, churning his empty stomach. He sits in his chair by the cold grate and sips at it anyway.
anything, it’s just a practical measure for the current state of things. I thought you’d be pleased I’m thinking about the future for once.”
“Would you have really done it all?”
"And you? Any prospects on that front?"
“Yeah, well, I can see that. Headache?”
John senses Sherlock wants to bolt, and he kind of does as well, but neither makes a move. Instead Sherlock says, in something approaching a normal tone. “Any new prospects for cases, John?”
Sherlock nods and escapes out back to scrounge a cigarette off Janine, who is either too tactful or too self-absorbed to ask him what’s wrong.
John obeys, wrapping his coat around him and exiting into the freezing twilight.
All remaining traces of disbelief evaporate, instantly, and are replaced by outrage. “Adoption papers?” John roars, furious. “
“I highly doubt that.” Mycroft gives a heavy sigh and half sits on the wall of Harry’s front garden. “John. How much do you know about Sherlock’s life before you met him?”
"Good, because I am a rubbish dancer," he tells her cheekily, and gets a louder laugh for his pains. He's got her attention for a little while at least. "You're Lady Forsythe aren't you? Society treasurer or something?"
The only thing close to a breakthrough comes after hours – or is it days – at the lab when his most recent blood tests come back.
John thought. The man said no more and went limp. He wasn’t dead yet but John knew he couldn’t have much more than a few minutes. Now that the initial rush of rage and adrenaline was fading, he felt guilty about leaving him to die alone in a dirty alleyway, but knew it couldn’t be helped. Dying with him wouldn’t do anything for him. He listened for footsteps and heard nothing. Taking a deep breath, he darted out from behind the dumpster, vaulted over the fence and ran blindly, turning at random down unfamiliar streets. It would be harder to follow him if he didn’t have a destination in mind, and he had no idea where he was in any case.
"Not yet," John tells her quietly. "People are still watching."
“I had a telescope in the fifth form. I like astronomy.”
John agrees, although Sherlock can tell that it costs him. He doesn't attempt to help guide Sherlock into the bedroom, although Sherlock can feel John hovering in case he should be in danger of running into something. Sherlock refuses to put his hands out and feel his way. He undresses, and then stands in the doorway facing where John should be. "Sleep with me," he says.
Sherlock lets his lips rest lightly at John's temple, unnerved by this regret. John had known what to do, and it had worked. Why does he doubt now?
"No. I'm done. I got my answer, for better or worse. Now I have to live with it. At least now I
It doesn’t last long. John comes into Sherlock’s hand, head thrown back in ecstasy, fingers dug into Sherlock’s hipbones and sure to leave marks. The sound of his cries alone could drive Sherlock to orgasm if he wasn’t most of the way there, and the feeling of Sherlock exploding, overflowing inside of him at almost the same time overcomes John completely, leaving him sagging in Sherlock’s arms.
Lestrade groaned. “I’m going to hear about this when I get home…” he muttered. “But fine. Just this once, you understand?”
“Have you?” John could not imagine that’s possible, and in fact Mrs. Hudson shakes her head kindly.
Ms. Mihov’s use to Sherlock had indeed been great, although of short duration. She’d known more than he'd originally hoped and held no loyalty to Moriarty in death, but it didn’t take long for word that she was compromised to spread. Sherlock had been forced to release her from his service to prevent her murder after only a few weeks, but was quite confident that she wouldn’t trouble him again.
John looks at her as if she has just turned into a viper. “Molly, tell me you’re not saying you believe he was a fraud? That he actually just committed suicide. You know him, Molly! You’ve seen him work! How can you even think…?”
There must be over 500 people in attendance, every last one of them with some shade of red hair, from deep auburn to the lightest pink-tinged blonde.  Apparently bringing non-ginger dates is verboten. Even most of the service staff is redheaded. John feels very sharply out of place, despite his dye job, and wonders if people can tell just by looking at him that he's not a ginger on the inside.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. The contract is still active, Moriarty is dead so he can never recall it. They are not watching as closely as they were, but…it isn’t safe.”
“Think carefully, Mr. Holmes. Do you really want to die in disgrace? Do you really want to watch me put Dr. Watson through what I’ve just put you through? All for the sake of…what? Seeing me in jail? Having a little less international crime for a few years? Revenge on a dead man? I know you’re prideful, but are you really that arrogant? There may yet be a way for both you and your companion to escape with your lives and perhaps even your reputations. I know Dr. Watson is very devoted to you, but I don’t think even he would want you to gamble his life for the sake of proving your innocence and destroying me.”
He goes through the motions of the statement and the funeral mechanically, until he finds himself standing alone in front of the stark headstone, begging Sherlock not to be dead, as if he can hear him, as if he can make it be true. Even after he leaves, goes to his new rooms, unable to bear the thought of returning alone to Baker Street, he continues to plead inside his head. “Please don’t be dead. For me. Please.” It’s like an unceasing prayer, keeping him from breaking down completely, keeping irrational, ridiculous hope alive.
And they are so very good together, in work, in life, in bed. They complement each other absolutely. They always have done, but somehow now that they have moved beyond platonic friendship, John feels that their dynamic has strengthened far past what was before, what he’s had with anyone else, with girlfriends, with family, with his platoon mates.
“It’s gone nine, Sherlock. In the middle of the week. I think I should start my day.”
John shakes his head. “And what about me, Sherlock? Why am I here, then?”
John accepts that. “God, you’re an inconsiderate prig,” he says, reaching up to smooth back Sherlock’s unruly forelock. “A massive git.”
“I think so,” Sherlock admits reluctantly. “I’ve noticed it starting to happen, that’s why I didn’t want you to come today. I needed to test it.”
“What? Oh. 290110,” he said, praying his guess was correct. He had hoped to avoid any sticky questions of his identity and ownership of the box and apparently he was going to. This did seem to be the kind of place that specialised in discretion, and Sherlock had probably chosen it precisely because they did not ask those sorts of questions, at least provided he had the right box number and password.
Sherlock nods and drifts off quickly. John repositions himself so that he has an ear to Sherlock’s heart, listening to the blood pumping and rushing through the valves, still not as fast or strong as it should be but no longer worryingly depressed. John knows he won’t be able to stay awake much longer himself, and isn’t so much concerned about his own safety, as the amount he took was minimal and already passing through his system, but is afraid to leave Sherlock unmonitored. He tries desperately to keep his eyes open but his body, already overstressed from the case, refuses to obey him and in only a few minutes he is also asleep, still draped over his friend.
“You’re the chemist,” John mutters. “Well… everything has a half-life, so depending on what it was, small amounts could still be in your system. They could have been lying about how long it persists so we would leave and forget about it.”
“Ah, that’s what I
John has never kissed someone taller than himself. He closes his eyes and goes up on his toes, expecting to lightly brush lips with Sherlock, a brief peck, a beginning. He is surprised when Sherlock responds with bruising pressure, bearing down on him, as if trying to transmit a litany of unsaid thoughts and feelings through the meeting of their lips. Then he jerks away, uncertain, doubting his reaction.
John quivers beneath him, amazed at how erotic being examined like this is. Perhaps it is merely the thought of someone caring enough to want to commit him fully to memory. Sherlock does not stop. He has moved on to John’s neck, shoulders and chest now, has found himself fascinated by the hollow of John’s collarbone, and taste of John’s skin.
“Uh huh. And what did he say would happen if you refused his request?”
“Tell me what you observe, John,” Sherlock says, nearly begging.
“I know why our thief is obsessed with the pictures!” Sherlock crows gleefully. “And how to trap him.”
Sherlock looks uncertain, but at John’s firm command he at last hurtles into the darkness after their quarry.
John elbows him in the stomach. “No, no, no. Don’t make me kiss you again, I’m not sure either of us could handle that at this point.”
“This doesn’t make any sense,” Sherlock growls. They’ve been at it for weeks now, both are running short of sleep and patience. “He’s not acting like a normal serial killer. He has no type, except female. What kind of killer goes from old ladies to children? They have favourites, types, patterns. The killings are highly ritualistic but not at all religious in nature. He doesn’t leave any traces. Serial killers are always show-offs, they always want to be found, or at least gloat a little over the police. It’s part of the thrill. They play games.”
Sherlock looks pleased with himself for this little speech. John makes no reply and looks out the window, and Sherlock finally cottons on that something is wrong.
“You’re mocking me!” the voice says, sounding more unstable.
“Sebastian Moran,” John repeated. “Croatia. Right.” He went into his room – Sherlock’s room – and Mycroft followed him.
you get here, exactly?” John demanded. “Decapitation is usually fatal, in my experience.
John is completely unable to get up now, so Sherlock lowers himself carefully down next to him, with their backs to the enormous tree. At least it provides a little shelter from the downpour.
“Jesus,” John breathes. He’s only 16 and she’s only 14. Apparently both sets of parents had objected vehemently on the basis of their respective ethnicities and religions. He shivers. Sherlock inspects the room while John goes over the bodies, but everything is exactly as it had seemed on first glance. Impulsive, hormonal kids couldn’t see past the immediate future, think they would rather die than be separated. They are still in each other’s arms.
“Sherlock!? We’re not –”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I wasn’t followed and if you had been we’d already know. Mycroft’s drivers know how to lose a tail.”
“Only because I like to watch to you work. You can hardly blame me.”
that, although, alright, I could do with one. I like this girl. And I need something more than just murder and intrigue and late night chases in my life.”
"What?"
"You'd be surprised," Sherlock tells him, bending down to kiss the back of his neck with gusto. "But it does appear more elaborate than it needs to be. I believe this is a test run. As you've noted, the Society for Ginger Advancement has a lot of wealthy and high profile people in it, as well as people like Bryant - at first glance, unimportant, but actually holding a key position that can prove incredibly useful.
It takes nearly half an hour in late afternoon traffic to get there. It’s a row house, nothing remarkable, dark inside. The door is ajar, and John enters carefully, weapon drawn. The downstairs is deserted.
“Trust a Scot to pass a grudge down for nineteen centuries, eh John? Tracing the genealogies of the Italian victims was a rather genius stroke on my part, but you did well, too. I can’t say I expected him to have a second weapon on him.”
Sherlock shakes his head. "Not at all. It's just pleasant to be able to see you again. That's all."
“I didn’t need to. Between the feel you copped last week at that bank case when you thought no one was looking, but at least three officers were, and this –” John points to the livid bruise just below his left ear, showing clear teeth marks, “I think they may have worked it out.”
“John!” he hisses angrily. “What the hell are you doing here? Don’t move, the house is booby trapped.”
“Now, you have to stay completely still. No talking, no moving. I’m not supposed to stay in here, but if you want…”
He makes it very nearly four weeks. Very nearly four weeks of cold showers, turning in early to avoid late night temptation, and studiously keeping at least one piece of furniture between them at all times. And then one afternoon, when Sherlock is sprawled gracefully on the sofa, deep inside his own head and miles away, unaware of how the sunlight is making his hair shine and his skin look even more like ivory than usual, John breaks.
“No…”
“Hey, just because I have the occasional bangaroo with a cobber doesn’t mean I don’t love my wife, right? People are complicated. Or haven’t ya taken the notice on that?”
I'VE ALWAYS WONDERED WHAT WAS GOING ON IN YOUR BRAIN WHEN YOU SEE ME GLOW, John comments as they both put street clothes back on. ALTHOUGH I SUPPOSED IN THIS CASE THERE MIGHT BE SOME CONFOUNDING FACTORS.
“Tomorrow at the party… wear the aubergine, would you?”
John crouches in the dark by the outer-most of three automatic gates, fenced high and electrified at the top, between the regular service entrance and the loading dock at back of the warehouse. The total distance isn’t far, but if he’s to keep up with the lorry and slip through when it does without being seen, he’ll have to be quick.
“Life. His mind and it’s unfortunate tendency to go to dark places. I believe that if he had succumbed fully again it would have been for the last time.”
Even injured and with her hands bound she could probably do a fair job of fighting him off, but she doesn't attempt it. Doesn't even flinch.
“Whoa,” John said steadying him. “You shouldn’t be standing. Look, sit down and I’ll take care of Moran.”
“Yes, that would be…nice.” He was surprised to hear himself say, hesitantly, “Would it be okay if you…if you planned to spend the night again? Not…well, you know…just to stay…”
“Stay still,” he ordered, and gingerly climbed on top of his friend, trying to cover him with his own body as much as he could without aggravating the wound. John whimpered for a moment and then was quiet. Based on the air temperature, Sherlock calculated John would succumb to hypothermia before he bled out, and the knife did seem to have missed his vital organs. Keeping him warm was the priority. Still, he hoped he wasn’t doing too much additional damage. He opened his coat so the fewest layers of fabric possible were between their chests, and spread it over them both like a blanket.
"Bryant now has the highest level clearance. They don't know he's aware his security status has been altered so they won't be watching him. He'll have to keep an eye out and alert us when the shipment is arriving, then we shall have to move quickly. I thought as much, but now we have confirmation and a time frame. Excellent." He rubs his hands together in gleeful anticipation. "Best not make plans to leave town for awhile, we want to be ready to pounce!"
me, not for a night and not for a year.”
She shakes her perfectly coiffed head at him. “He’ll come after me.”
“Sherlock…”
“Chile!” Sherlock swore. He’d been way off on that one. He straightened and said primly, “I would like to speak with him alone as soon as that can be arranged.”
Sherlock cheerfully ignores him as, after committing the relevant contents to memory, he wipes the data stick and the landlady’s hard drive for good measure. He returns it to her with thanks and pays his bill.
John clucks over his wound appropriately and they exit, the real Sherlock resurfacing as soon as they cross the threshold, whipping out a pocket handkerchief and wrapping it efficiently around his hand. “Well, that was informative.”
Mycroft turns back to him with the faintest of smiles. “Well done. Apparently Sherlock is good for you as well. Yes. As the only immediate family of my brother’s intimate partner—”
“The other man, Moran’s agent. Not the usual man, but he had all the credentials. I swear, I was only waiting for him to return to send it.”
I DON’T AGREE. BUT EVEN IF YOU’RE RIGHT THEN YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO LEARN TO DEAL WITH IT. DESTROYING THE FLAT, HURTING YOURSELF, IT’S NOT GOING TO HELP.
John nearly comes as soon as he feels Sherlock’s lips around him, but manages to hold on, making himself breathe and wrapping one hand around the nape of Sherlock’s neck while the other grips the duvet for purchase. He bucks his hips into Sherlock, who holds them tightly to bed with both hands as he slides his lips to the base of John’s shaft and sucks with purpose, taking nearly all of John into his mouth and skilfully running his tongue up and down John’s length.
John doesn't knock, he just opens the door and stands at the threshold, a lick of flame against the darkness behind. Sherlock had half expected this, though not so soon, and he stills - not moving or breathing for fear of extinguishing the fragile moment.
"John!" he calls calmly. "Will you come in here, please? I need your help."
“You?” asks Sherlock incredulously.
“You’ll never find them all,” Mycroft had called after him. Sherlock had looked back just long enough to make a rude gesture, and that had been that.
Sherlock is fierce and determined, pinning John down as he starts to undress him. John can barely breathe, barely think, barely do anything but bury his hands in Sherlock’s tangle of dark curls and hold on as Sherlock ravishes him, claims him as his own. He understands that tonight it is not about him, not really. It is about Sherlock. John has never been the submissive type, but tonight he will let Sherlock take what he needs, he will be whatever Sherlock wants, give himself unreservedly in whatever manner his friend requires. It’s the only thing he can do for him.
He turns back to John, caught off guard by this reaction but now realising he’s somehow gotten hold of the wrong end of the stick.
“Angelo’s?” Sherlock suggests. “There’s nothing in, I checked.”
“Very,” Sherlock growls, slamming him up against the outside of the nearest stall, working his hands under John’s shirt and chewing on John’s lower lip, not quite kissing, but breathing in his breath. John bucks his hips into Sherlock almost automatically, instantly hard, and can’t help a soft moan as Sherlock works a leg between his thighs and starts unbuckling his belt with one hand.
“This. What to do we do? We solve mysteries. This is just a medical mystery. You’re a detective, I’m a doctor. Who better to solve this one? Let’s get to work.”
He does have a point there. Sherlock lets out a longsuffering sigh and sits up, pulling John with him. John dutifully mirrors Sherlock’s solemn expression, but with an indulgent twinkle in his eye.
Sherlock has no words to express what he's thinking at the moment, so he settles for bumping John's head gently with his own. "Don't ever go out," he says.
Sherlock nodded. He didn’t know what to say at a moment like this. Normally he found it easy to do what had to be done, but the encounter with Moran had affected him more than he wanted to admit. Even though he knew it was the right decision, he found himself reluctant to leave John once more.
“I had it under control.”
Sherlock is in roughly the same position John left him in – curled on the sofa, facing the cushions. The only hint that he’s moved at all is that he’s wearing a different dressing gown and different pyjama bottoms. John still feels furious when he looks at him, but isn’t entirely unmoved by the small figure he makes.
When she’s gone, Sherlock immediately turns his attention back to John, who holds him off. “Sherlock… if you want to take that case now, it’s fine with me.”
John stared at the text in bewilderment. Sherlock’s messages were often cryptic, but this was a whole new level. “Forgive me” was unlike him to start, but the second part of the message…  it had a literary ring to it, definitely a quotation. Shakespeare? Paraphrased, John thought. He wracked his brain trying to remember his A-Level literature. Which play? For some reason Hamlet stuck in his mind.
Bryant nods weakly and John says, "Good man."
Of course, the very fact of recognising that it's going to take time is an acknowledgement that he's going to, eventually, forgive Sherlock. That makes him even more annoyed, and a long day at work in which he can't seem to stop obsessing over how angry he is with the detective doesn't help matters. Finally, after he's quite spectacularly mistaken one of his odder patients for Sherlock in disguise, he gives up.
John's nipping at the spot under his hair where Sherlock's skull attaches to his spinal column, and it drives him to distraction as always, making his whole upper body tingle. John is draped over him completely and the spot where his cock is digging into Sherlock's skin is hot like a flesh wound.
“The amount of things I know would likely cause your small brain to vaporise,” Sherlock drawls, pushing past him into the squalid flat. John follows, reluctantly.
"Honestly, I have no idea," John admits. "It’s a hunch, nothing more. This could all easily be nothing more than my brain making things up at this point. But it’s what I’ve got to go on at the minute."
“Molly,” he said. Of course.
your housekeeper!”
“On?”
The man gives him a queer, reserved look. “Like I said, I stick to my own business. Which, right now, is figuring out what to do with you.”
He paged through the file on the train, while other passengers slept around him. There wasn’t much there that Lestrade hadn’t summarized, but there were pictures of Moran. He was a tall man, and broad shouldered. Imposing, really. He had dirty blond hair and a perpetually dark tan, and seemed to prefer to dress like he was on safari even when he wasn’t. Pretentious, John thought. There were images of him from his young army days, of him posed with various dead large animals, of him at high-level social events – always with a weapon on his hip and a cigarette in his hand.
He sits on the rug in the middle of the room, panting, and tries to pull himself together. His heart is beating so fast. It is just adrenaline and exertion, or something else? No telling what the next effect will be. But he has time, he tells himself. He should have time. He quietens his breathing and slows his heart as much as possible. If John isn't back in one hour, he decides, he'll call Grant and set the police looking. But he senses that would be something of a nuclear option with whoever they are dealing with, so best not until it's clear John's not going to make it on his own.
” he repeats. “Look at you, breathing and pulse elevated, cheeks flushed…you’re aroused. Don’t try to lie to me.”
Sherlock leans over him and John feels hot breath against his ear as Sherlock whispers hoarsely, “Do you want me, John?”
“Tell him you’re alive,” John finds himself saying, before he can even can form a proper thought. There’s a note of pleading in his tone and he doesn’t care.
“Alright, looks like there is something on him, at least,” Lestrade said, motioning John over to the computer. “Sebastian Moran, aged 48, born in Rwanda to a British diplomatic family, schooled at a military school in Edinburgh, went right into the army where he made a name for himself as a sniper in the Falklands War.”
!” Moriarty exclaimed, clapping his hands in delight. He moved to the right, back into shadow. “Glad you made it here – I was hoping it would still be free when you found my little…message. I must admit to being a tad
“I am.”
“Mrs. Hudson, I really don’t have time…” Then he gives in, unable to keep his worry completely to himself any longer. “Sherlock’s gone after a dangerous man alone. A very dangerous man and I don’t know if…” He chokes any further words back.
John gasped for air. “Not now. Not like this.” It took everything he had in him to say it, to stop, and he knew if he didn’t right then he’d never be able to. He’d wanted Sherlock from the day they met, and it had taken him almost two years to fully come to terms with it. He’d never been attracted to another man in his life, not even vaguely, but Sherlock wasn’t any other man.
“Not all. But it’s on the list.”
"Mary."
The second moment of doubt, much worse, had come as Sherlock was lying on the pavement, soaked, with John Watson’s fingers groping for a pulse that Sherlock has made certain he will not find. Hearing John’s cries, feeling John’s trembling hands on his skin, smelling the pain and confusion on him while Sherlock tries to stay as still and limp as death, is so much worse than he’d imagined.
"John, I am not nearly so oblivious as you give me credit for. I can keep a human child alive unsupervised for a few hours. All the experiments have gone in the kitchen, the kitchen door is locked, and you'll be back before tea."
“I know it doesn’t seem… like him… I can scarcely believe it myself. But he told you things he really wanted you to know. And he… he wanted you to talk to him, he wanted you to be there to see it. I know it doesn’t make sense…it’s so awful to think about… but he needed to you know those things, to believe him. That was his last wish and maybe… you… should.”
Seeing the mobile reminded Greg of something and he pulled his own out and quickly dialed the morgue.
Sherlock cut her off. “Whatever you were told I will be ten times worse than that. This is my child and I will be going to any test with her until her father gets back into London. So I suggest you and the rest of the staff here do not argue with me on it.”
John shook his head. “Still not the one who pawned off the kid for sex time.”
John grabbed his mobile from his side and held it up. “I text Mycroft and gifts appear.”
“Fine,” Greg said and slid his mobile out of his pocket.
“Perfect. Now everyone smile.”
He waited a few minutes once he got downstairs. He opened the laptop back up and went into the usage tracking for the security camera in her room. Sure enough, an ISP from Wales was currently active.
The familiar scenery of the road to Mycroft’s office flashed by as John held Willa to his chest. She fell asleep within minutes.
“Get your shoes then.” John told Willa and helped her slide off his lap.
“Sherlock, what are you doing here?” John asked hoping his question passed for casual.
“New Years Eve.” He reminded, watching as Willa managed to extract something from the game without setting off the buzzer
John.
Aunt Harry hadn’t answered but her eyes darted to Willa and Willa took a step back. Aunt Harry looked worried and Willa was now worried as well. Why was Aunt Harry scared of this man?
They followed Mycroft through the halls and into the lift, Sherlock was silent the entire time. When the lift stopped, back on the ground floor, Mycroft stepped out and gestured down a hall to where bathrooms were clearly marked.
Once John was comfortable he swallowed as much of Sherlock into his mouth as he could without gagging, hand working the uncovered section.
John nodded. “Would you like me to start it tonight?” He asked.
Lestrade’s resolve softened when he said that. “Ah. She alright?”
He could hear John pause while cutting up the meat and cheese for Willa’s snack. “Alright.”
“It’s hardly an experts telescope John but if we want her to learn anything she’ll need decent equipment.” Sherlock said in an exasperated tone.
“Mycroft,” he warned.
Greg cleared his throat as John’s face was turning an alarming shade of red. Harry was doing a piss poor job of defending herself. Insulting John was a surefire way to get him, or Sherlock, to strangle her than it was to get them to see her side.
John did it again and was gifted with the same reaction.
As soon as he’d seen his last patient for the day John text Sherlock, trying to let him know he knew he was troubled by something. It came as a great relief when Sherlock text back.
She looked so much like John with her arms crossed and her chin stuck out in defiance. It was impossible for Sherlock to suppress the rush of emotion he felt towards this tiny girl. It was irrational. He’d barely met her and for all he knew she was a terrible brat. But that simply wasn’t an option, there was no way John would raise one of those common terrors. She was a part of John and she was being raised by him so there was no doubt in his mind that she would be just as extraordinary as her father.
“Sherlock,” Greg’s voice was a warning now.
Harry didn’t like the way the text sounded, it was odd of her to ask for anything other than pictures from every visit and copies of the ones John bothered to email her. Harry didn’t mind doing that because she knew how stubborn and pigheaded John could be. If he perceived that he’d been wronged by you it was entirely in his character to pretend you didn’t exist, Harry suspected the only reason he’d never disowned her was simply because they were the last of their family. Without her he would have no relations, other than Willa of course, and John was always sentimental.
Sherlock had been out of bed before he’d woken the next morning but the empty space was still warm. Neither man mentioned it and John decided just to go about their day as usual.
Willa shook her head. “No.”
John sighed. “I love you.”
John glared down at Mycroft, his fists clenching and unclenching. “It’s not enough,” he hissed.
He could hear her upstairs rooting through drawers and her closet looking for whatever it was that she wanted to wear. They would have to spend Saturday much the way they always did, cleaning her room.
“Sometimes. Normally I’m told I pass out.” John admitted.
“We’ll go out and get your father something else.” He winced after he’d said it, realizing it was the twenty-third and the shops would be mad.
John suppressed a chuckle when Sherlock unceremoniously buried his head into his hair, he briefly felt the other man’s tongue press to his scalp in a part he had made with his nose. The urge to chuckle disappeared when Sherlock moved behind his ear, his tongue coming out and dragging down the crease of it before lingering at the joint of his jaw. Sherlock nipped him gently and John sighed, melting into the bed.
“I will not know for another week if he did or not.” Mycroft admitted looking weary. “But this will be more dangerous than the others. Even if he accepts he may not come home alive.”
“Gregory and I have the children next weekend. We would love to have Willa over.” Mycroft said and it sounded like someone was forcing the words from his throat.
John sighed. “You’ve become a psychiatrist then?”
Erik Wolfe startled at the blunt question. “No. I didn’t.” He ground out at the accusation, his fingers curling into fists.
John smiled and then gently shook his daughter awake. Willa was groggy but very happy to see him.
Other than the door to the bathroom and a handful of windows, there was only one other exit in the room. A door on the other side, past both Janine and Cole. Willa knew there was no way she’d be able to get out that door without them catching her.
The woman wasn’t American, she was definitely Irish.
He spent the entirety of the next day thinking. He was close to solving the case and that was good, the sooner he solved it the sooner he could worry about the weekend. It was more difficult than he’d imagined, trying to solve this case and plan for Valentine’s Day at the same time.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “I already have extensive data on that region.”
“Oh come on,” Greg snapped throwing his hands up in the air, “you really want them to spend the next few hours thinking their daughter is dead?”
“As you prefer,” Mycroft’s ever smooth, ever smug voice comes over the speaker. “But I’ll wager by now you’ve slipped away from the festivities and I’m the only one who’s bothered to check on you. Am I wrong?”
John smiled despite himself. “You’d better be,” he said, reading the lines over and over. It couldn’t be soon enough.
John dresses while Sherlock looks on impatiently and they go down together. Sherlock has somehow wheedled Mrs. Hudson into making them breakfast and they eat while Sherlock and Mycroft spar over the case. It’s comfortingly domestic, from Sherlock pretending to read the paper in his dressing gown to the fraternal antagonism to the hot oatmeal and tea, and John feels the previous day begin to recede like a bad dream.
“Actually, I meant you this time,” Sherlock, says rounding on him with shining eyes. “Without your knowledge of rare blood diseases I don’t know that I would have been able to find him. Well done.”
“People want things from me,” Sherlock said in a low voice after a few moments of silence. “They want things I can’t give them, things I don’t understand. The public. Molly. Mycroft.  You…”
Bryant shakes his head. “No. After a couple months of this, I cracked a little, ran over to a strawberry blonde woman and demanded to know what she was doing. She said she had no idea what I was talking about, that she was out for a walk, and said she’d call the cops on me if I didn’t leave her alone. But I know this has something to do with the Society, something with my leaving. And it’s happening more and more.”
John snorts. “What about you, you haven’t eaten in at least two days.”
“Don’t you think that’s odd?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow. He wants John to notice something.
Sherlock holds up a hand. He can't think about it again right now. His mind needs a break. "Not yet," he tells John testily. Then he softens his pitch and speaks quietly. "Please, John, I know we have to but not yet. I need to rest. This...hasn't been easy. Tomorrow, I will make myself fully available for your inquiries and examination and anything else you deem necessary. Just let me rest for tonight."
“I’ll die inside every time I think you might,” John tells him simply. “I can’t pretend I won’t. But it won’t change the fact of us. It’s too late for that. I’m not ordering, I’m not threatening, I’m just…asking. Either way, I’ll still be yours.”
They kept their guns trained on him as he crossed the courtyard and made his way towards the truck, shivering. He had almost reached it, when without warning John cocked his rifle and fired, grazing Moran’s shoulder. He yelped and dove for the truck, starting it and peeling out with impressive speed.
John puts a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back. “What are you talking about?”
“And that didn’t work either so you thought, hey, why don’t I open some blood vessels and see how that feels?” John’s fear makes him angry. “Bloody hell, Sherlock, I can’t keep doing this with you! I did this with Harry, I can’t watch you do the same thing. Only at least Harry probably has a few more years before she successfully drinks herself to death, whereas you do this one, two more times and you’re pretty much done for. You know that Sherlock, you
“Warn me?” John is genuinely puzzled.
"Right. Yes. Right," he stammers awkwardly, and then turns and follows Sherlock back out of the conservatory.
to you.”
“I want you, Sherlock.”
“Should have known. The Bulgarian
Sherlock nods, still searching John’s face. John keeps carefully impassive, pushing down the maelstrom of thoughts and feelings the mention of the woman brings.
“John!” he booms. “Wait, what are you doing up here?”
Sherlock swallows. “I suppose the appropriate word would be angry. And… afraid…” he adds reluctantly.
He broke the water with a huge gasp. They were only about five metres from the pier. He took another deep breath and dragged John to the edge, pushing him up ahead and then clambering up behind him, his coat heavy with water.
After a long pause, he offers, “Would you like me to take a turn at the oars?”
Edited because I posted an earlier draft instead of the final. Whoops!
This was the wrong thing to say, but at least the anger was burning hot again. John’s eyes blazed at him and he leaned in closer. “If we have any chance of going back to the way things were, if I am going to be able to stand the sight of you, I need to know that you are never again going to keep things from me for what you think is my own good. Because this, this was
It was a stupid question. John would never have allowed Willa to ask him if he wasn’t serious but the fact that he’d already gotten the papers taken care of that was when Sherlock realized exactly how serious John was.
“Now hold on.” Greg protested. “I’ve got work. I don’t mind going in late but I can’t just miss.”
“Yes. She knows I’ll kick her out if she isn’t.” John said. “I know you don’t like her but she sees Willa three times a year and we’re the only family she has left. If she can stay sober for those three days I won’t keep her from knowing her niece a little.”
Mycroft sighed. “Sherlock, I have nearly lost my entire career for you, if you cannot just text every now and then to update me on the status of your life I am forced to resort to such drastic measures.”
had just let him taste every part of his body with almost no complaint.
John sighed. Sherlock had come a very very long way in understanding human emotion but most of the time he still managed to remain objectively distanced from their cases. It wasn’t like John became attached to every single one but the idea of that girl’s body having been unfound for four days was unsettling. Everyone had just assumed she’d run off to find a bigger and better party.
Mycroft did not flinch even the slightest as he took her tie-dyed hand in his and allowed himself to be lead into Baker Street.
“That was amazing Sherlock!” She told him with the same awe he’d seen early in the morning.
Reluctantly Willa rolled off their laps and went over to the tree.
“Good.” Sherlock agreed and then finally left the office.
paying to keep a flat empty.” Sherlock smirked, focusing on another matter entirely.
John shook his head. “Nothing.”
“French?” He asked and flipped open the book to thumb through the pages.
“True, but you’re also a saint who’s put up with Sherlock and I for over a decade.”
Mary had been in the hospital for an hour at this point, having labored at home for nearly five. He’d been utterly useless and the only thing that calmed his nerves was watching Willa’s heart beat on the monitor.
“You will be expected of course.” Mycroft said turning his gaze back to Sherlock.
John shook his head. “Do you two want to go have a quick nap?”
He’d had to leave it behind when he went into exile. He’d thought occasionally about buying a new one but it seemed an impractical expense and there was more than one occasion where he’d been forced to leave everything behind.
John didn’t move and when Sherlock returned from the bathroom he was face down on the mattress, asleep.
“Shh, it’s alright love.” The woman whispered even as her nails continued to dig into Willa’s cheek.
of January. She called John to tell him the good news during breakfast the next morning. Willa squealed loud enough that she woke Sherlock. She continued to make all sorts of bizarre high pitched noises while telling him all about it.
“I’m in one piece.” Sherlock announced as he changed for bed.
He’d done it to Sherlock once already but this was something entirely new for John, not even something that he’d experienced in university.
“He’s not
Sherlock stopped and tried to think of what else there was to talk about.
“Yes, Addison is there.” John reminded her as he sat up.
“Sherlock.” John began again. “You’ve read the articles, I know you have, and you know it’s appropriate for her to self-soothe at this age. She’s got to learn.”
“I’ll go up and prepare her for your gift.” John said stepping back. The kitten was rather cute, with big blue eyes that were looking around the hall.
John most likely didn’t mean anything by it. He’d been planning to keep the Wednesday meeting with Mycroft a secret from Sherlock so he would have set up childcare beforehand and wouldn’t have been able to ask him. Yet doubt lingered in Sherlock. Why wouldn’t John have asked him? He would have obviously realized John was going into work on a Saturday. Surely Molly had something better to do than spend the day with Willa, especially since Sherlock would be in the flat anyway.
John’s face had softened. “I’m not upset with you or having second thoughts. Now is just not the time to be doing this.”
Sherlock moaned loudly.
John grabbed one of the throw pillows and knowingly tucked it up under her arm. Molly went forward then and laid the baby in her lap.
Sherlock ignored him. “You’re home early.”
“You came untouched.” John said in awe.
“The boy, John. Really, it’s quite obvious.” Sherlock huffed.
“Well, what do you have?” Sherlock demanded impatiently even though he hadn’t bothered to spare his brother a glance.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and wondered how long his brother had been lurking waiting to make a dramatic entrance.
“Yeah, I can see that, thanks.” John snapped and grabbed Willa’s good arm to take her pulse.
John nodded. “Yes, just need to add Sherlock to Willa’s file.”
They’d been sharing the bed off and on since Christmas night. Sherlock had never shared a bed with another person before now that didn’t involve passing out after a drugs binge or sex, or both. He and John didn’t even touch, keeping to their own sides, but there was comfort in knowing he
“What the bloody hell is going on?” John hissed at him in the cab.
“We’ll be fine.” Sherlock echoed when they broke apart.
