"Being on Earth," Castiel continued, trying not to be impatient. "Speaking with humans."
"What—"
Despite his frustration, Castiel found himself smiling. "The easiest way is through intercourse, as it happens."
"Would you be apologising to me right now if this had gone another way?" she asks him. "If you'd taken them all out yourself?"
"No," Cas hummed. "There's something else."
"Very funny." He met his eyes, saw the weariness in them, and his next words came out gentle. "What do you need?"
"Night, Cas."
Dean's brow raised. "Okay," he said after a moment. When he said nothing else, Castiel frowned.
Dean steps around the table to give himself space, and Cas trails off at the movement, looking even less sure of himself.
Charlie stands up and walks away from the bed, heading for the door. "You're right, you didn't ask me. Cas did."
"It's alright," he was saying, "you're good, you're gonna be fine, Sammy, you're good—"
"Injured?" Dean rubbed at his eyes, trying to will himself into full consciousness. "How the hell do you…."
He tries not to look too intrigued. Video games growing up were always things other kids played. He'd take Sam to arcades sometimes when he had the money for it, but he knows it's not the same thing. Charlie showed him how to play Mario Kart a while back, but beyond that, he only has a vague understanding of how any of that shit works.
Dean looks up, and then cringes away as the beam of a flashlight sweeps over him.
Cas lingers for another moment, seemingly debating something, then invites himself in, closing the door behind him. "You and Sam need proper tupperware."
"Oh, fuck," he whispers, pained, and nods.
"I wouldn't… I wouldn't blame you," he says thickly, trying to keep his eyes open. If he's awake, that means Cas won't leave. "I wouldn't…."
"Like for a second. It's not important," Dean said impatiently. "How many angel bullets you got left?"
"Well, then, make it up." She finishes her beer and sets it down beside his before turning back to him, crossing her arms. "I'll let you in on a little secret: most people don't know what they're doing most of the time."
in Cas' direction before beelining it to his room. He's not sure what's worse: the intense disappointment festering in his gut, or the fact that Cas probably would've said yes to whatever came out of Dean's mouth, regardless of how he actually feels about it.
Dean frowned down at himself, unable to argue with that assessment. "Cas—"
Something fractured in her expression. It was difficult to pinpoint what, exactly, but he felt the change in the air, in the space between them.
A knock on his door startles him from his thoughts. He straightens where he's seated on the edge of his bed. "Yeah?"
Castiel glanced towards the light switch and waved his hand. It flicked off with a crack of punctured plastic, plunging them in darkness. A small night light by the sink was the only source of illumination now, a faint and pleasant yellow.
"I'm—" I'm a blubbering mess, that's what. Cas darts his tongue over his pulse, bites the delicate skin of his throat, and Dean is sure he loses consciousness for a brief moment. "I can't… I can't believe this is—happening—"
Dean huffs. "Yeah, thanks."
and feels a sharp, almost painful thrill of relief when Cas responds within a couple minutes. Like he was sitting around waiting for Dean to man up and text him.
"What information?" he asked finally, warily. His fear bled out of him, easily sensed by Theo, but he couldn't help himself. There was nowhere to hide in this cell—he couldn't even look at Dean without giving himself away.
"Exquisite," Castiel offered softly, and the material of the pillow scratched faintly as Dean nodded.
"Thought you said you weren't gonna take up gardening." Dean leans on the tables when he can, easing some of the strain off his leg. He should've taken something for pain before they left.
Cas looks at him from out of his periphery. "You mean am I managing?"
"I don't think that's a good idea," Charlie said, frowning down at Dean. The machete hung limply by her side.
Castiel moved into his room while Dean fished around for the controller and shut off the television. The only light came from a lamp in the corner, and it threw long shadows across the walls of his room, catching on the various weapons mounted along them. His eyes lingered on the obsidian bludgeon, the one Dean had carried around with him in Purgatory.
"No."
"Yes." Castiel was shaking so hard that the room was spinning. "I can't… Dean, I can't move it."
Dean's never really liked the smell of hospitals much, but he'll take antiseptic and squeaky laminate flooring over the stench of rotting corpses anyday.
Theo retracted the blade a moment later, and Castiel felt one of his mangled wrist bones break through the skin of his arm when he collapsed away, gasping for breath.
He went quickly to Castiel's cuffs, unhooking him from the pipe. Blessed with the strength of an angel, Jonah supported Castiel's weight easily with an arm around his waist, and Castiel slumped against him, shaking.
Dean stands in the den by himself as he listens to Cas' retreating footsteps down the hall, rubbing a hand over his bruised sternum from when the ghoul slugged him, and swallows down the spiky sensation in his throat.
"Is it dating advice?" Jody gives him a sardonic look. "I'm not exactly a great person to ask."
The hand Dean still had on his bicep fell away and slipped beneath his coat, a hand settling on his waist. The warmth of his palm was shocking, his thumb running along the bottom of Castiel's ribcage. He shivered, and Dean pulled away again to look at him.
Dean reached into his back pocket and offered his brother a spare clip. "More than you. Should do the trick."
me do this?"
"We can have sex if you want, Dean," he whispered, and the answering laugh Dean gave was hoarse.
That seems to snap something inside Cas' brain, because his fingers retreat, leaving Dean emptier than he's ever been. Cas rears up again in the bed, grabbing the lube near Dean's head, and pours a generous amount on his palm before tossing it aside. He slides his hand up the length of himself, and his other hand nudges Dean's legs further apart.
"Dean!"
"Like, ever? Really?"
He could see that he was losing Dean. Castiel understood that the truth was often the most viable strategy when talking to him, though Dean usually did not appreciate his delivery. Thinking back to what Sam said, about leaving, he began another attempt.
"That was before, when any intimacy with you was only ever theoretical." Cas' eyes sweep over him, soft, adoring, and he meets his gaze with a wry tilt of his mouth. "But to know how it felt to be with you, and then not be able to touch you…."
He snorts. "Yeah, Jody already rode my ass about that one."
Dean sets his own breathing to its rhythm. Maybe he can drown it out with the sound of his own lungs. One way or another he's gonna have to get used to it; Eileen's more or less become their permanent fourth by this point, so joint motel rooms are his new reality for the foreseeable future.
Dean falls asleep without saying anything else, and Cas, somehow, for some reason, doesn't leave.
"Boundaries shmoundaries—"
"Yes, I'm seeing that now." He pauses to chew, jaw working. Dean wonders where Cas got his manners from. Dean's not a slob by any stretch of the imagination, and neither is Sam, but there's a weird, restrained sensibility to the way Cas holds cutlery that Dean definitely didn't show him how to do.
Dean's ears are on fire. "Forget it."
It freaks him out, the words he's saying, but Cas needs to hear them. His voice quavers as he continues. "It keeps hitting me, over and over, that I'm really doing this with you, and I know it's—it's been rough around the edges, but," he smiles again, unable to help himself. "But you stuck around anyway, so I get to keep saying good morning."
He's normal. Thinking about this is normal. Like a billion people have done this before. Christ,
Cas still looks a bit dazed, like he's confused about what just happened, and Dean feels his face heat. "How are you, uh—" He gestures vaguely at him. "You alright? I mean aside from the hand thing. You doin' okay?"
He can't really blame Cas for this, because Dean had also been planning to have a talk over breakfast, but their eggs are stone cold by the time either of them have the energy to think about food again. The bacon is still salvageable, at least.
Dean held his hands up. "Alright, okay."
"You mean last time I was here."
"Dean." A hand in his hair, gentle. God, that feels good. Cas' fingers avoid a spot behind his ear, which he assumes is where he took the hit. "We're almost at the hospital."
Charlie's expression grew worse as he talked, and she was edging towards despondent now. Sam's comment about his poor bedside manner intruded to the forefront of his mind, and he shoved it back down. "I'm just saying," he said with a shrug, taking a swig of warm bottled water. "Hunting is shitty work. Do yourself a favour and don't dwell on it. And I'm gonna be fine, anyway," he added, smiling. "This'll be over in a couple days."
Castiel remained on the bed, staring up at the ceiling.
"So?" he asks. "What do you think? About sonnets?"
The blood thundered in Castiel's ears as he met Dean's eyes. "I need you to kiss me again."
There's a secret third option, which is to drive until he hits a coastline, change his name, and live in a seaside shack somewhere for the rest of his life. That would take care of having to make any sort of decision, or worse, listen to Cas tell him he's fucking fed up with Dean for real this time, and he's gotta say, hightailing it out of here sounds like a pretty appealing prospect. It's his usual go-to fantasy whenever shit hits the fan, which for a Winchester is a daily occurrence. He'd make a good lighthouse keeper, he thinks, and he's decent at fishing. Plus he's always wanted to live by the sea. There's a lot of drawbacks to that plan though, and at the top of the list is never seeing Cas again. Huge bummer, that one.
"I think it's best if I conduct the interrogation on Theo," she said finally.
"We've been—I've known the guy for like a decade. Of course he knows." Dean frowns. Did he? It's not like Dean's ever pushed him away. He's even initiated sex a bunch of times. That's what people do when they enjoy having sex with another person. Easy-peasy.
"I think this was the first sensation I remember enjoying," Cas says quietly beside him. "The rain. It's very grounding. Even as an angel, it made me feel like a pin in the earth."
Cas drags his mouth along Dean's jaw, teeth nipping at the skin, before taking his turn and dipping down to Dean's throat. He cooperatively tilts his head up, leaning into Cas, arching into his body until his spine protests, but it's too good to stop. He can feel how hard Cas is already, erection pressing against his hip, and his stomach quivers in anticipation.
"My lieutenant," Cas said roughly, looking thousands of years old again. "She betrayed me."
There's something about kitchens that makes the people inside them say insane things to Dean. Or maybe it's just his kitchen in particular; the inner workings of the bunker are still largely a mystery, after all. He'll need to test this theory in Jody's kitchen and see if it produces the same result. Either way, if someone's in this room at the same time he is, ridiculous shit is coming out of their mouth.
"You don't smile like that when you text your brother," she says amicably, and to his eternal embarrassment, his face flushes. Had he been smiling?
The laugh he lets out holds little amusement. "No."
"I'm not saying it's your fault, or anything," Sam was telling him from the passenger seat as they drove down the interstate, in the quick way he spoke when he anticipated being interrupted. "If you don't wanna talk about what you guys discussed, that's fine—"
Dean laughs, his breath blowing over Cas' face. This close, he's just a blur. "For what?"
"Looks like someone
Dean raises his brows. "Okay…?"
Deliberating heavily on whether or not to go back to sleep, Dean eventually shoved himself up from the mattress. The world swam around him, and it took a minute of bracing against the bed before the dizziness was under control again. He grabbed the water bottle and uncapped it, drinking proper mouthfuls now that his stomach wasn't threatening to empty itself everywhere. The water itself was tepid, but it still made him shiver violently, hard enough to make his vision swim. Goosebumps flared across his arms, and he set down the bottle so he could grab his blanket. His fingers brushed the smooth fabric of Cas' suit jacket instead, which he had to untangle from his bedspread to pull free.
"Good." He folds the notebook closed and sets it on the bench beside him. "I got some machetes in the trunk, so—"
"Were you injured?" There's a faint tinge of concern in Cas' voice for a brief moment. If Dean were feeling particularly assholish, he could play it up, drag Cas out of whatever icebox he's stuck in by falling dramatically to the floor. And Cas would do it; toss aside his anger and pick Dean up. Like he always does.
"Oh." A look of surprise crosses his features. "Yes. That's a good idea."
Dean passes him his shovel first, then takes Cas' hand. He braces his other hand on the lip of the grave, squinting down at the wall of dirt to look for a decent foothold. They really should start bringing ladders with them on cases like this—
"Oh." Dean leans forward, elbows braced on his knees, stretching his back out with a groan. He wasn't so much tidying his room as he was sitting here thinking about it. Whatever muscle groups are needed to clean houses are not ones he's used to exercising. "Right. Thanks."
Panicked seized in Castiel's throat. "Get out," he whispered, though he wanted to shout at him. "Through the window. Quickly. Dean—"
"Can you… can you shut off the light?"
He glares at her, but the words finally come out of his mouth. "I like—I stare at him. And he stares at me. Like when we do laundry. And stuff."
It was freaking him the hell out. "You okay?" Dean asked, and gently smacked his arm when he didn't respond. Cas glanced down at the contact, and then met his eyes.
"That's kind of the problem, if you hadn't noticed.
She has her arms wrapped tight around her ribs, like she's afraid staring at the body for too long will split her open. Charlie takes a deep breath to center herself, and then seems to regret doing that, wrinkling her nose at the smell. "Probably gonna have nightmares tonight," she says, mouth twisting. "But other than that I'm fine."
Jonah was breathing harshly. His vessel was sweating; his shirt was awry. The angel blade fell away, hanging loosely in his fingers beside him. "Then…." His throat worked. "If God can be wrong, what is right? Where do you find it?"
There's a strict moratorium on hunting when they drive back to Kansas. Dean doesn't remember a lot of the first few days they spend in the bunker, which probably has to do with the amount of morphine in his system. And the concussion, maybe. He isn't sure. The nurses said he probably wouldn't suffer any memory loss, but what do they know?
Right now, however, all he felt was wrath.
"Go," Dean whispered, like he didn't want to be overheard. "It's alright."
"No, but this serves His wishes. Our prime directive, the one Bartholomew is following; we must protect Heaven."
He opens his eyes. "Yeah?"
"What? No," Sam said hurriedly, and then looked at Castiel, concern spreading across his face. "They didn't. Right?"
"I do," Castiel said calmly. "It certainly takes getting used to—"
Castiel sighed, frowning at the broken fixture. It was punched into the wall as if someone had taken a hammer to it, cracked badly enough that a piece of it crumbled to the floor.
Dean uses the excuse of watching the road to avoid looking at him, though there isn't much traffic on the interstate right now. "I dunno, pick."
"I will be," he replied, eyes falling back to Theo. He could feel the angel's fear, as exposed as Castiel's had been. It was irresponsible of him to take such pleasure in it.
"Okay…?" Dean says, confused. This is not the blow-out fireworks display he'd been anticipating. His hands are trembling by his sides with unspent adrenaline. Shouting, throwing shit, sniping at each other, he knows how to do that. But this? He's barely treading water here.
"You good?" No broken bones this time around, thankfully, but everyone's got their fair share of scrapes, and Cas managed to get tossed on his ass after distracting the ghost a little too well. He's being a trooper about it, more or less, but he's definitely still getting used to the many hurdles of being mortal—bruising included.
Dean doesn't bother hiding the huge dumb grin on his face as he approaches. Cas has his eyes closed anyhow. "Tough work."
But Dean can see the finish line, finally. He's feeling like himself again, whatever the hell that means. He's also been spending the last week and a half watching what he eats and taking forensic-grade showers on the off chance that Cas decides to jump his bones. Which he
Castiel picked up the pace.
Cas smiles. "I'm a bit biased, but I like to think so, yes."
And he thinks that maybe, if he kissed Cas in the rain, he'd be able to keep all this at bay for a while longer. Ease some pressure off the valve. Google was no help, but maybe the weather will save him.
Jonah's pupils dilated and contracted. He was new to inhabiting a vessel, even more so than most angels. The mannerisms of the recently Fallen were distinct from human behaviour, but they were, thankfully, much easier for Castiel to read. Jonah was curious, which was progress enough.
"What the hell are you doing? What is that?"
"I didn't… I didn't know," Cas says into his ear as they stand under the spray. He's the one who's all rubbery now, letting Dean hold up most of his weight.
Cas was silent as Dean led them out into one of the lots. The rows of scrapped cars glittered in the sun, and Dean picked a rusty line to walk down so he wouldn't get blinded. The gravel crunched underfoot as he zigged and zagged them through Bobby's salvage yard, far enough away from the house that privacy was guaranteed. He didn't know if that was something Cas wanted, but he was clearly holding himself back.
"Decide whether you wanna get yelled at here or back at Jody's," Charlie tells him, pulling out her phone. "I need to give him an address."
Charlie goes to the fridge and extracts more beer. Walking over to the kitchen table, she sits across from him and places two fresh bottles in front of them.
Hannah was much quicker by half. Her eyes took in him, then flicked to Sam and Dean behind him. When she met his eyes, her gaze was full of suspicion.
A beam of light spilled across the floorboards as Sam entered the room, closing the door softly behind him. His hand went to the lamp by the door, bathing the room in soft yellow light. "Cas, hey," he whispered, approaching the bed cautiously. There was a plate of reheated pizza in his hand. "We didn't know if you were still here, or awake, or—"
Real award-winning advice.
"I'm gonna… go to bed, I think." His eyes flicked to the toilet, nose wrinkling. "Nausea's gone. I got nothing left to throw up, anyway."
"It is less heretical than the idea of angels giving themselves their own orders," Jonah told him, undeterred. "It makes sense. The Michael Sword is powerful enough to hold an archangel, and it has existed in close proximity to the Lucifer Sword for the duration of its life cycle. Your time spent on Earth has been in service to them both, despite their failures as vessels. They are the origin of your disobedience; they must be powerful enough to command an angel."
"What is right is what is God's Word."
"I don't make Dean do anything," he said with a huff. "But he's just—he's worried, and stressed. Like we all are. He's got this… thing." Sam frowned. "Do
"Yeah, I'm, I'm good. How's the case going?"
"Thanks," he says awkwardly, feeling Cas' eyes on him and pointedly not meeting them. "Ready to get wasted?"
They hung apart, frozen, until Dean was certain his brother was gone. He let go of Castiel's shirt and sat on the edge of his desk, burying his face into one of his hands.
He pulls a face. This, at least, he can do. "So does your jacket."
Cas leans a knee on the bed, making it sink near Dean's thigh, but Dean grabs his leg before he can advance further. "Hold on."
Cas moves so fast he doesn't realise what's happening at first. Dean gets shoved back down onto the mattress, and Cas is on top of him before he can blink. He's got a knee between Dean's thighs, the thick columns of his arms boxing him in from either side, trapping him completely, and the kiss he presses to Dean's mouth is searing.
"Human beings have understood disease in many different ways," Castiel told him. "What you call disease changes across space and time, as does your response to it. Were you a hunter a few hundred years ago, you would likely be hunting homosexuals, or women diagnosed with hysteria."
Nathan Fillion isn't currently on screen, however, so Dean glances down to her overnight bag. The mouth of it is wide open, and he can see the tip of some gaming console peeking out of the top.
"Sam was just asking if there was any way you could aid me," he said, watching Dean walk further into the room. He went to fiddle with a small, decorative statue on top of the dresser.
Sam gave him an incredulous look. "What? Why?"
"Oh. Nice detective work."
"Yeah, all your shit's inside." She shoves her hands into her jacket pockets.
"Grab something to listen to out of the glovebox," he says then, and it comes out a little too hoarse. He coughs and takes another swig of coffee.
"You think I would've said if I did?"
"Of course." Cas grabs the rag hanging from his back pocket and wipes his hands, then his face and neck. There's a stripe of sweat down the middle of his t-shirt, and his hair is damp with it. God, his skin must smell amazing. Probably tastes good, too.
Jonah struck him across the face, hard. His jaw stung; his ears rang.
"I didn't say anything."
"We are given what is required for our task," Jonah said immediately.
"Oh, fuck."
Castiel cleared his throat. "It would likely… kill an angel to repair this amount of damage, but I've already done that." He looked over his shoulder at the bloody incision in his back where his right wing hung, frowning. They had to get going. With a deep breath, he let his hand fall away from Dean's bicep. "This will take me a moment. Close your eyes."
"Until then, you can leave." She walked over to the door and yanked it open. "So go. I will lead in your absence. Again."
"I'm not some damsel! I don't need saving!" He shoved away from the dresser, agitated, fidgeting. "I got along just fine before you showed up—"
"That was all we found on him, sir," Oren reported, misunderstanding him. His eyes cast about the room. "We should leave."
He finds Cas easily enough. There's a workbench stationed near the door hatch, and the gravel around it is littered with sawdust and discarded chunks of wood. Supply boxes, things like nails and wood glue and varnish and sealer, are scattered around the area, too. Cas definitely isn't fucking around. He's built a couple planters, as well as a small corner table, which has his Woodworking For Dummies book lying open on top of it, pages flapping in the wind. Apparently he's given up on trying to keep Dean alive after all, if he's moved on to gardening. Tomatoes are easier to take care of, he'll give him that much.
With monumental effort and a final glance at Cas, Dean shoved himself up from the coffee table, stumbling towards the doorway. Sam followed after him, just as ungainly.
"About, you know, what's been going on." Dean shifts, suppressing a wince at the burning in his leg. It's stupid, because his broken arm and concussion are a lot more severe, but the stitches in his calf are the ones that hurt like a motherfucker.
"This is so much work." He flipped to the next page. "Is fire bolt good?"
Dean watches him. He isn't the sort of person to use words like dappled very often, but the sunlight filtering through the trees is putting ideas in his head. Cas looks good in the sun. He looks good in any kind of weather, granted, but he's made for bright places.
"Oh." He swallows, throat suddenly thick, and tries not to look like he's two seconds away from losing it. "Thanks, then, I guess."
"Cas," he says slowly, horrified, "what the fuck are you talking about?"
"Yeah."
"You gonna tell me what's going on?" Jody asks beside him, her nose buried in her phone as they walk the grounds. The cops had divided the cemetery into blocks on the map, marking off where disturbances had occurred. So far all they'd identified was the husband's overturned grave. Dean keeps his eyes forward, watching Charlie walk the rows of tombstones about fifty feet in front of them, her eyes pointedly turned away. Apparently grave markers make better company than he does.
"Claire and Alex, mostly, until I told them to cut it out, which turned into another fight." Jody shrugs in a
"I know you're busy," Sam had said around a massive yawn, using the back of a chair to support his weight. "If you need to leave—"
"Yes," Cas agrees, and sits back down next to him, still squinting at his phone. Dean sneaks a peek, and sees—
Dean made the effort to sit up straight in his chair, anticipating the heart-to-heart approaching on the horizon. "Look. Sam and I have been doing this shit since god knows how long. And this—" He held out his arm, the Mark an angry red from his scratching, "—makes it pretty hard for me to die. So I can afford to do stupid shit, and I've been doing stupid shit my whole life anyways. You, on the other hand—"
"I wouldn't say insane," Cas hums, tilting his head with a twitch of his mouth, and Dean rolls his eyes. But the joke is enough to pull him back down to Earth, and his fingers are steadier as he opens Cas' belt. He works the button loose, pulls down his fly, and then his fingers hook around the waistband of his jeans and boxers both, impatiently pulling them down. Cas helps, working his pants down to his thighs before they fall into a puddle at his feet, and then Cas is completely naked before him.
"Who was long dead by the time you got there."
Dean grabs his wrist when he pulls his hand away. "I'm trying to serenade you, dude," he says, but there's no bite to his words, nor to the glare he levels Cas' way, because his insides are all rubbery and his legs are
Dean laughs, and it makes Cas wobble a little above him. "You were counting?"
"I kicked him in the nuts really hard," Jody says good-naturedly. The laugh he gives is a little bit too hysterical to sound normal, but Claire's mouth quirks all the same. "Go eat. We'll be in soon."
"No," Cas agreed. He looked away. "Thank you for coming. I wouldn't have asked were it not necessary."
The whole thing leaves him warm inside. Like maybe the world isn't ending after all and he can just solve his problems like a normal human being by calling the people he cares about and tossing a few apologies their way. Christ knows they deserve at least that from him. When he finally hangs up the phone, they both say I love you. The sun's starting to show its face in the front foyer, and he feels like he just discovered something.
"Oh." He held up a finger as he took another sip of coffee, then set it down to dig around in his pocket. He produced the note, holding it up to his brother's face, and Sam leaned away to read it.
"You'll catch me if I do," Jody assures him. "Go on. You're the one who started this conversation."
This is normal too, he thinks. And right, and not wrong. Maybe nothing is wrong after all. He's doing laundry with Cas and they're staring at each other a lot, and there's no weird tension in the air aside from the usual kinds he always feels around Cas. It's not unpleasant, just intense. So what if it's been a while since they had sex. That happens to people all the time.
"What?" Cas breathes, breaking off from his lips. His hand cups Dean's jaw and forces it up so he can kiss his neck, impatient, and Dean leans into his hand, eyes rolling into the back of his skull. Yeah, he's gonna die for sure.
"Theo told me that Bartholomew was intent on killing the Winchesters," he explained, hearing the unasked question in her words. "I was worried Sam would be used as leverage against us."
"We're supervising her hunts. For help—and everything." Sam turned right on the upcoming T-juncture, pace fast. His voice was strung tight, a faint tremor in the undercurrent from leftover adrenaline. He was calm in the tense way Castiel had come to recognise as well-controlled panic.
Theo was staring up at him, wearing the same expression as Hannah. Confusion, suspicion. Fear, too.
He met Sam's eyes again. There were dark bruises beneath them, heavy and lined with exhaustion. His face was still just a little too thin, a little too pale. The Trials had taken a lot out of him, even after being healed. Castiel wished he could help him more with it—take away the exhaustion and the nausea and the headaches that he knew still plagued Sam even after all this time.
Castiel didn't need sleep, but he did allow this body to rest, reclining back on the bed. It was far more comfortable than the couch downstairs. The only problem was that there was no stimulus in this room; nothing to sufficiently fracture his attention so that he did not have to dwell on Rachel collapsing in on herself in his arms, dying for a man who was only using her as an instrument of chaos.
He hesitated. "I was the one who healed him."
Dean ducks to kiss him again, but Cas still has a hand in his hair and holds him in place. "Dean."
"You remember that LARP fair we worked a case in?"
"Who's talking about death?" Christ, the sun is hot. How the hell does Cas stand it up here? He wipes his brow. "I was injured, but I'm fine—"
"What-ever," she says in a sing-song voice, unbothered, and continues her work.
Sam sighed and grabbed a plate, spooning a measly helping of home fries onto it. "No bacon. You can't have any meat until all the vamp is out of your system. Don't wanna risk you ingesting blood."
"You've met Lucifer?"
They got ready for bed. Dean left momentarily to brush his teeth, and Castiel cleaned up the mess on his floor. He folded his coat and jacket up, placing them on Dean's chair, and set the pile of postcards atop his desk.
Castiel would rather not bother. As he stared down at Dean's body, lying exactly where Theo had left it, between the broken cradle of his wings, he understood better than ever that his presence here on Earth was malignant and in need of swift excision.
She doesn't look convinced. "This have something to do with why Cas isn't here with you?"
Fuck, well, no stopping now. He clears his throat again. "I'll spare you most of the details. I got this—this friend, um. Known her for a real long time."
Dean starts speaking again before he can stop himself. "Uh, d'you wanna go—"
"I'm sure they look great," Dean said with a groan, shoving up with a fist on the bed and rolling his shoulders. His hand went to the back of his neck, rubbing at it. "Ugh. Neck is killing me."
"We'll find him," he said easily, eager to soothe the worried edge in Dean's voice.
"God's."
"In a minute," Sam said soothingly to his brother, shoving his pistol in the waistband of his jeans. The beam of the flashlight danced across the floor with the movement.
in the span of two weeks is bad for you. Even beyond the regular slow recovery time and all the symptoms that come along with it, he's been bone-tired, almost like two decades of hunting have finally caught up with him and he's suffering for every single injury he's ever accrued right here, right now. Cas has been fawning over him, taking extra care to make sure he's okay, which he eats up like a fucking puppy even though it makes him feel incredibly guilty. He's the one who's supposed to be taking care of the guy! He's gotta make amends somehow, but that's hard when he has trouble staying awake for more than six hours.
The injury he had sustained was fully healed now, and Jimmy Novak's body was whole once again. He felt himself thrum with the energy Dean had so selflessly offered to him, and with a deep pang he knew this meant he would be leaving very soon. He was strong again, stronger than he had felt in a very long time. Already he could feel the fractured and disordered strategy he had been cobbling together form into a cohesive whole in his mind. The task before him was no less grim, and he would be no less merciful in his hunt for any traitors in his ranks. The siblings that had betrayed him would die by his hands, and he would restore order to the army he had assembled against Raphael. When he returned to Heaven this time, every angel in existence would take notice.
"Yes," he forced himself to say, barely hearing the man. Theo stared up at him from where he was lying on the ground. The easy, amused rage that he had worn like a badge whenever he came into Castiel's cell was gone now. The defiance in his eyes was weak, and could not hide what was below it; open terror.
"We'll do that," Charlie says. "You're gonna go lie down."
"How long is it gonna take for you to heal up?" He forced himself to the other side of the room, leaning back against one of the several cluttered tables in Bobby's office, next to Sam, shoving more pizza into his mouth. Cas tracked his movements, expression tight with pain, but collected and level. Dean replaced the twinge of disappointment in his gut with more pizza, quickly finishing off the slice.
Dean remembers too late that his hands are bound when he attempts to move again. A cry claws its way out of his throat as his arm and leg light up with pain. He gasps in each breath, the air dank and rotten, and tries to roll. He has to see the door; he needs to know what's coming. No way he's dying without looking death in the face.
"No, it's—no." He shook his head. Dean led them deeper into the lot, rounding a corner so that they were headed towards the speciality license vehicles. He had no idea how the hell Bobby got a hold of a cement truck, but it offered shade, so they stood behind it.
"Oh." He glances down at his phone. "Your mother."
Dean rocked his hips again. The head of his cock brushed Cas' thigh, and he gasped. "How about… you let me come, we figure it out after—"
"We'll speak soon," he assured Dean. "I promise."
He gets now why Bobby always made him and Sam dig up the graves while he 'kept watch' for security guards. Even with the sun down, the June heat in Nashville is insufferable, but the sweating isn't the worst part. His back is broken, he decides. No functioning spine hurts this badly.
Sam raised a brow at him. "You know I know what D&D is, right? You could've led with that."
Dean lies back against one of the queens, pacing his breathing and doing his very best to keep as still as possible. It's amazing what lying alone in a dark room without moving or speaking can do for your health.
It doesn't actually matter. They're sleeping together—even if all they're doing these days
Jody purses her lips. It's painful, waiting for her to talk. "What do you mean by everything?"
"Messing up your jacket, too," he murmured, even as he burrowed deeper beneath it. "It's warm."
Cas begins to retreat. "Dean, if you don't—"
By the time they reached the sixth floor, the sounds of fighting had ceased. When they were just outside the fire exit for the eighth floor, Castiel could hear talking. He recognised the voices—Oren and Hannah.
Cas nods. A muscle near his jaw ticks, and Dean's intensely aware of the audience they have. Another point in Cas' favour; he's not gonna start shit in front of Sam and Eileen. Dean wishes he could just sink into the floor. Become one with the hardwood.
"I'm just asking," he says, face heating, because he's an idiot and Cas is right.
Castiel slipped an arm around his waist as he continued to kiss him, pressing his hand to the base of Dean's spine and pulling him closer. Their chests touched, and a faraway part of him worried that the buttons on his shirt would dig uncomfortably into Dean's chest.
"Yeah, you don't." There's nothing else for him to do, so he sits back down on the bed, plastic bottle crinkling under the strain of a white knuckle grip.
to the search query.
"I can't," Castiel confessed, quiet. The washcloth was cold in his hands. "And I think you're having difficulty stopping, too, Jonah, even if you're afraid of the question. Even if you're afraid of the answer."
"Last I checked,
"Hunters have done a lot of things."
Dean sits back a little. "You mean to you being human?"
"Then I begin to question why I joined you," she replied. "I can sense Jonah's Grace inside you."
Sam raised a brow. "You're gonna dress Cas?"
It starts off innocently enough. Dean's got his cast off now, almost back to normal by this point, and he can cook breakfast without worrying about having to ration out his energy for the rest of the day. And since Sam and Eileen are out of town hunting again, he doesn't have to put up with veggie bacon or leaky tofu containers or any of the other weird shit Sam keeps in the fridge. Dean just cooks normal eggs and bacon, like God intended.
"I don't want to hurt you."
was the one who vanished into thin air the moment he got what he came for, without so much as a thank you, ma'am. But Dean wasn't about to offer the truth, so he offered angry silence instead. If Sam wanted to think that meant he had a point, then fine. He'd let him think that all the way into next Sunday.
"Yeah, I'm good," he says casually, as if he's not lapping that shit up like a kitten. Definitely a good thing they aren't in touching range. If Cas so much as laid a hand on his arm right now, he'd faint.
Dean grabbed a slice as he passed, his stomach growling at him. It was hard to remember when he'd last eaten.
Dean ignores the both of them as he goes to the trunk and grabs their shit. It takes him a minute to realise that Eileen's car is parked in the garage, too, and he doesn't know how to feel about that. Sam is home, which is a definite bonus, but he's also about to have an audience for the impending shitshow. And Sam is great at being a peanut gallery.
can handle it."
Usually when people ask him stupid questions like
Dean holds back a groan as he takes a bite. That woman definitely hadn't been lying about the lasagna. It's disgustingly good, the kind of good he's going to dream about the next time they have to eat cold McDonald's while parked next to an overpass.
"Dean?"
"Yeah," he says slowly, "so?"
"Sure."
This has gotta be the best one, right? Dean hands scramble for purchase, grabbing onto any part of Cas he can find. The other times he slept with Cas were good—
"Tessa—" He looked around the room, searching for the locus of Dean's spirit. In the corner, perhaps, buffeting against the walls. Of course he would try to escape, to keep fighting. "How did you get in here? The cell is warded."
Wherever this cellar was, it was somewhere urban. He could see a street lamp rising up above a cracked sidewalk; a small sliver of blue sky was visible between two towering office complexes. Sometimes people would walk past the window, a brief flash of exposed calf or ironed pant leg sliding by. Castiel even caught snippets of idle conversation, though it was impossible to talk to any of them. He could scream until his vessel's vocal chords were damaged and no one would hear it.
"Uh…." He flounders. Is he supposed to remember what that means? Is it bad that he doesn't? Is Cas testing him?
Castiel smiled. "Not really," he admitted. "The last few years have been more eventful than the previous several billion. I'm having difficulty keeping up."
"You said it was for our safety, right?" Sam shrugged. "It's not like it was a choice."
"That doesn't sound very appealing."
"I'm fine," Dean insists, yawning into his knuckles, and pulls the thermos out from between his legs to take another generous swig of coffee—not sludge this time. Sam went to a fancy coffee place earlier in the evening to get them all take-aways for the drive home, and in a show of gratitude, Dean only mocked him once for the vanilla latte Sam bought for himself.
She lets out a wet laugh, sniffling again. "
Cas stares at him for a long moment, solemn. "I will forgive you for a great number of things," he says to him finally, and the bottle crinkles in his hand from the strain. "But dying is not one of them."
"Take Dean and Sam back to the bunker," he added, eyes flicking over to them. "I'll debrief with you at the command centre."
"It's okay," he says, rubbing his eyes. "It's not—that was a one-off thing, what happened with your husband and kid. It's something else, I promise." He pauses to yawn. "Was the husband's grave disturbed?"
"Dead."
Castiel smiled faintly. "You believe it was a singular event that caused my rebellion?"
He's an idiot. He's not supposed to be here. He's not even supposed to be in South Dakota, for fuck's sake. He's supposed to be back in Kansas, waiting for Cas to come home. He was less than twenty four hours away from being in bed with the guy he should've been sleeping with for months by this point, and instead he's here, in this stupid cemetery all by himself, because nobody on Earth is taking this shit seriously, and there's a mountain of work to still do, and Sam isn't even here with him to help get it done. It's like everyone else got the memo, and his got lost in the mail.
"I couldn't disagree more. You're tethered to this vessel." He sneered into Dean's ear. "This Michael Sword."
"If I'd seduced, like, an angelic scribe or something," Dean begins, and smiles when he feels Cas freeze. "Instead of a soldier. You think they'd be writing me sonnets right now?"
"No, Cas—" Dean shifted on the bed, pressing his head into his pillow to look up at him with tired, bloodshot eyes. "I'm asking you a question."
"Then you'll defect?" he said angrily.
He glanced back at him. Dean had showered and changed this morning, just before the second dose, and his sleeping shirt was wrinkled with sweat. "Do you want to change?"
He glanced over his shoulder. "It's what is expected of me," he corrected her. "I do what is required, so that we can succeed. I want us to succeed, Hannah."
Jonah watched him squirm on the floor, clutching at his leg, smiling viciously. "You moved against Raphael."
"I deceived no one," he began, but Jonah cut him off again.
Cas, recovering sluggishly from his petite mort, drags his head up to look at Dean. He wears the expression of a man who's found God, which is just funny enough for him to muster the energy to smile.
It was early in the morning when he emerged from himself.
"What?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas shrugs, unconcerned. "I needed a starting point. There's an overwhelming amount of information on the internet, and I no longer have the advantage of infinite time to sort through all of it."
"What are you making, anyway?" He tilts his head to read Cas' notes, and raises his brows when he folds them away. "Seriously? Is it a secret or something?"
He grins at her. "That's the spirit."
"You secured the loyalty of many angels." Jonah held his weight on the balls of his feet, crouching, arms braced on his knees. His eyes were sharp, intense. "Against an archangel."
Dean figured there was nothing worse than spending six hours in a car arguing with Cas about his various string of fuck-ups. He figured wrong. The correct answer to that question is complete and utter silence. The radio doesn't even get turned on. For six hours.
"I know," he gasped into Cas' shoulder, fingers digging into his hip. The hand Cas had on his cock went still, and Dean groaned. "Come on," he muttered, rocking his hips forward. "I'm dying, here, Cas—"
He looks up and sees Charlie in the doorway, half-awake, rubbing at her face.
"You okay?"
"I'm alright," he assured him, offering Oren a smile. It faltered when he looked to Hannah.
"Not by yourself, though. We're here for you, whatever you need."
Castiel held out a hand to Dean, who was pulling his arm tentatively away from his eyes as the light faded in the room. "Let's go find Sam," he said quietly, and Dean took his offered hand.
"Where's uh—what's her name again? Stevie?" he says hurriedly. "You still doing your whole thing with her?"
"Glad you enjoyed yourself," he muttered, and closed his eyes. God, his balls ached. He'd probably start suffering nerve damage soon. "I'm about fifteen seconds away from blowing it here, so if you—"
"People enjoy doing nice things for each other," Sam says five minutes later, smugly running a hand over the folded surface of the sheet, set carefully on a nearby table. Dean grabs a towel out of the dryer and begins folding it.
"I do."
Castiel looked back at him, wild-eyed. "No—"
"Thank you," he said witheringly. Then he heaved a deep sigh, and looked at his door. "Guess that's your cue."
Cas glances up at him. "You haven't touched yourself at all since we last had sex?"
"Heaven is closed."
Sam got an elbow under him, and Dean helped him sit up. Sam groaned, hand still worrying at the ruined fabric of his shirt around his stomach. It was a peculiar habit of human beings—to fuss and return to what was already settled.
"How inconsiderate," she says dryly.
"I had to learn a great deal about table etiquette for a previous engagement on Earth several hundred years ago," Cas explains easily, unbothered by the fact that Dean just said something incredibly stupid. "Though it was in Portugal, not England. I suppose some of it must have stuck."
he wouldn't be so dumb as to let some guy leave hickeys on his neck. Dean knows all that. He checks anyway. At least Cas is still coming back to the bunker. Who knows how long that'll last.
"I mean, if it makes you feel any better, I don't usually know either."
He partitions the eggs with the spatula, scrambling a few for Cas and leaving his sunny side up while he turns things over in his head. The last several "important" conversations he's had with the people he cares about have gone over strangely well. His instincts assure him that the next one will be world-endingly disastrous to make up for that discrepancy, and above all else he does
been mended… he tried not to think about it too hard.
"It's dangerous here, too," Jody points out. "I'm terrified, Dean, believe me, but I can't lock her in her room because of it. This is a good first step; she's close to home, and I'm a call away. Claire, too. They can't live their lives terrified of the monsters under their beds."
"Sam! He just—he started struggling, and—"
Castiel wiped up the water and refilled the bottle, wincing as he listened to Dean dry heave into the toilet. He remembered that sensation, too. It had happened to him only once as a human, when he'd eaten a bad meal at a diner, and he had immediately blacklisted it as an experience he never wanted to repeat again.
"Dean." Jody touches his arm, making him look up at her. She's got an earnest expression on her face, and it's hard to meet. "What is it?"
Charlie's voice raises to a dangerous octave inside the cab of the Impala. He wants to tell her to watch the road, but he's pretty sure he'll get stabbed if he tries.
"How worried do we have to be?" he asked, quiet enough that the others didn't overhear.
"You're cold," Cas noted, looking around for a towel large enough to use as a blanket and coming up short. Irritated, he shrugged out of his jacket an arm at a time, draping it over Dean's shoulders as he offered him the water bottle. Dean batted it away weakly, wincing.
"It's not a big deal. Sam's doing the whole honeymooner thing with Eileen, which is really annoying and cheesy so I leave them alone, and Cas—" His mouth twists. "It's not a big deal."
"You want me to pick what music you're about to listen to," Cas says, intently studying Dean's profile, possibly for signs of malady. He's getting really good at performative disbelief, a trick he almost certainly learned from Sam.
"Let me," Dean says, pushing up so he's sitting on the edge of the mattress, Cas standing before him. He frames his hips with his hands, looking up at him, heart beating in the heat of his face, and feels his eyes flutter closed when Cas threads a hand through his hair.
Dean's throat worked. His jaw shifted, as if rolling the words around in his mouth, but he didn't speak. The postcards creaked faintly in his hands, bowing upwards from the tight grip he had on them.
He looked away. "I didn't… I didn't intend to leave so soon."
The word came out as blasphemy. "You've forced our hand."
"What?" He can't possibly be having this discussion while he's sober. Dean white-knuckles the edge of the table. "Why would—? No shit, he knows. Why wouldn't he?"
He doesn't mean for it to be a date. It isn't, exactly—it's not like he knows what a 'date' really entails. Dean remembers dates from a very long time ago, from Cassie, one of the very few normal people he's ever been involved with, but that's a distant memory. And now he's on one with Cas. Sort of.
"Well, do it anyway."
"So," Dean breathes, clenching his teeth when the next pierce of his spade jars his shoulder. "Trust fund girl, huh?"
"Dean?"
"Which is?" he ground out. There was no way to hold his body that wouldn't produce agonising pain. "Brother, I'm going to die if you don't—"
"Are you—" Dean turns his head, and his nose brushes Cas' temple. "Are you counting?"
"Not yet." There's that hard tone again, and he's working his fingers into Dean, pressing him open. He avoids his prostate now, though, and Dean feels a whine hum low in his throat.
The words come out slightly too accusatory for his own good, and Cas gives him a sardonic look from the corner of his eye. "We aren't having sex, if that's what you're asking."
check the endnotes for some spoiler-y warnings for this chapter. There's nothing in this fic that's worse than what happens in the show, but I'll add them just in case.
"We're good," Charlie answers, and tugs Claire towards the kitchen. She goes reluctantly, glancing between the two of them, before following Charlie.
A lot of his fears about living in a really old underground hideout built by obsessive archivist weirdos prove unfounded; stuff generally operates the way it's supposed to, requiring only occasional check-ups to confirm that the boiler and the furnace and the wiring are all still in working condition. The much bigger bitch of an issue is the day to day upkeep. There's no lawn to cut and little snow to shovel, but the bunker is big, and vacuuming and dusting and laundry and dishes and furniture maintenance are all ever-present, never-ending realities.
Dean stops short in the middle of the aisle, beside a massive dill plant. "Rowena?"
He was more forceful this time, mouth open and hot on Castiel's own. His hands were urgent, cupping his face, threading his fingers into Castiel's hair. They rocked on the bed, and Castiel kissed him back, sighing into his mouth, Dean's stubble rough and pleasant on his skin. And then he was pulling away again, eyes darting around as they searched Castiel's face, his breath scraping harshly out of him.
He makes a show of looking around the kitchen. "What the hell have we been doing for the past twenty minutes?"
"Yeah, I'm—" He cleared his throat. Face still in the hollow of Castiel's throat, his breath blew across his skin. "I'm trying to catch up here, Cas."
Cemeteries, he decides, are in fact supposed to be visited at night. At least for the purposes of ganking.
All the lazing around he's been doing seems to finally be paying off, because his head hasn't spun once since he woke up. It's a challenge to eat the sub Charlie bought him one-handed, but he sets up camp at the breakfast table and works his way through it anyway, relishing the quiet, relishing how light he feels. He wonders if that's part of the reason Cas had been so adamant about him calling Mary. He hadn't realised how much it had been weighing on him until now.
Jonah was excited when he entered the cell that evening. The first thing he did was slide the window closed; the second thing he did was break Castiel's left tibia.
A muscle near Dean's eye twitched. "Your own benefit," he said flatly.
"Been doin' it for years." He finishes his beer.
He looks away from the stupid woman and sees Cas holding his hand out. He's really just urging Dean to keep moving, but the important thing is Cas wants to hold hands with him. Dean takes it with all the fluster of a maiden from a Jane Austen novel and none of the grace, and catches the smile on Cas' face as he pulls them towards the back of the lot. Life is worth living after all.
"Us, dude." He gestures between them. "You know? The thing we were just talking about?"
"Please don't misunderstand me," Cas interrupts him, tone shifting, softening out. "I'm not upset with you about this. I don't—I don't expect this from you, not if you aren't willing to give it. This entire… experience with you, it's been an adjustment for me. For so long I accepted that we would merely be friends, and now that we're together, I don't want to overstep my bounds with you. That you're even entertaining a relationship with me is… I'm very grateful, Dean." Cas offers him one of those sad Eeyore smiles. "I can't put it into words."
"And you'll talk to Cas," she adds.
Cas frowns. "What? Yes, Dean, of course."
"Yes," Cas repeats, brows raised.
Picking up other habits from Sam, Cas dutifully informs him of every cow and horse he spots before it gets dark, and he snorts at the
"Which is…?"
It's not like he has a lot of other options. Sam's got ideas in his head again about being independent, and these days the most significant conversations he has with his brother are about the weather and what to eat for dinner. Charlie's still deciding whether or not it's worth it to be friends with him, and mostly sticks to curt hey, hellos when they pass each other in the hallway. Eileen's about the only person in the continental US of A who actually seems to think it's a good idea to initiate conversation with him, but talking to her always makes him feel like an idiot. He forgets to face her when he speaks, he doesn't know any sign language to save his life, and the kindness in her eyes that's so attractive to Sam just makes Dean want to curl up in a ball on the floor and weep about the sorry state of his life. And he knows he should know better, to not get all jumpy when she talks to him because he doesn't mean it to come across as ignorant or rude, and he can't even explain that to her without sounding like a massive whiney baby, so he mostly tries to avoid her without making it seem like he's avoiding her, because he doesn't actually
is carefully casual, dismissive, and very convincing, if he did say so himself. If Eileen wants to drag his brother to a haunted bed and breakfast for a not-honeymoon, then who is he to deny them? That even sounds pretty nice, in a fucked up sort of way.
The couch is apparently not an appropriate place to have this discussion, so they're in the kitchen now. He suspects it's so Charlie can have easy access to the rest of her beer, which she'd stashed in the fridge, and Dean watches with wanton jealousy as she tips the last of her second IPA into her mouth. She stands perched against the moral high ground of the island counter, the better to judge him from. His head had begun to pound and also spin, so Dean is relegated to the lowly serfdom of the kitchen table.
Dean frowns. "Are you… feeling… not—uh, not ground in your body?" Nailed it.
In total, there are eight mausoleums on this side of the lot. Dean breaks into every single one of them, snaps a pick in the process, and comes up with a fat load of nothing. No flagstones out of place, no suspicious alcoves, no disturbed remains, no
"Try me."
"Yeah." He passes it off to her, pointedly not looking at Cas, who's still at his truck. "Um—"
There was a sharp report of knuckles against Dean's door, splitting the air. "Dean?"
Belatedly, one of Dean's comments finally registered. Castiel frowned as his eyes fell closed. "Sam is here?"
When the sun surpassed its zenith, Jonah set his blade down on the tray beside them and stood before Castiel, hands trembling. "Why?" he demanded, eyes wide with despair. "Why are you doing this?"
"Yep."
Castiel found signs of someone searching the rooms he cleared, but no Sam. Of course the brothers would also be checking for intel here; anything else Bartholomew might keep hidden in this place. It was well-warded, so stashing weapons and other supplies here would be—
"How's—" Dean paused, and Castiel looked at him. He waved a hand in his direction. "Everything?"
And so on. He watched Harry Burns and Sally Albright discuss their love lives over coffee and argue about the impossibility of friendship. All the while Dean laid next to him, close enough that their legs brushed under the blankets, their hands shifting occasionally in each other's to ease the pressure off their fingers. From this angle it was impossible to look at Dean without catching his attention, and so Castiel kept asking questions as an excuse to do so, even if he knew the answer. Dean never seemed to mind.
"I'm being serious, Dean. Just talk to him."
After another check-in—one he doesn't miss this time—Dean spots Eileen at the northern edge of his route, about a hundred feet away slightly uphill, and waves to her. She waves back at him, then hangs her head back in an exaggerated display of boredom. Haloed by the moonlight, her breath billows upwards with an explosive sigh, and he makes sure she can see his answering laugh. He wants to go over there and complain about it more with her, because apparently bitching over the radio is a no-no, but he behaves himself and keeps to his route.
She glanced up from his character sheet, pencil twirling around between her fingers. Her mouth twisted. "Nothing."
"Dean," Cas pants, hands in his hair, head rolling wildly against the tile. "Dean—"
"What?" Sam looked at him. "It looks like a normal stab wound."
"About?"
She smiles back. "You sound like Claire."
It was only weird if he slipped his arms into it, so he threw it over his shoulders instead. Cas didn't really smell like anything—he just smelled like Cas—but Dean's senses were in overdrive right now, and beneath the smell of blood and vomit, he caught the brief scent of him from the fabric. The jacket warmed quickly from his body heat, and the goosebumps receded.
"No. They're much more valuable than that. Now hold still."
"I'm good." He takes a drag. "Why?"
Dean shoulders his phone as he sips his coffee, walking towards the library. "You okay?"
"No," Jody agrees, with a sigh that tells him she's been there, done that. He supposes she has—with Bobby, with Asa. Not to mention her husband. Come to think of it, she's probably had much worse luck than he has in that department.
Castiel looked ahead of them, at Dean's back. "I know."
he thought, stepping over the vessel of one of his men. Angels without clear orders and a contested chain of command were little more than hammers, and all the world was littered with nails. If this fighting continued, Raphael might get his Apocalypse after all, and Castiel found some grim humour in the fact that he wouldn't be alive to see it.
"You're still here," he said, sounding mildly surprised, expression unreadable. "Figured you'd flown off."
"Not my problem." Tessa looked away again, focusing on Dean. Castiel wished he could see or hear him; all he could sense was echoes and impressions. "That's not my job," she said to Dean. "I don't serve angels, especially not this one."
"He's a know-it-all." The last round of vomiting seemed to have alleviated some of his nausea. He shifted on the ground, rearranging the weak tangle of his legs, and his face pressed into Castiel's shoulder. The breath escaped him in something more exhausted than a sigh. It made Castiel's gut twist unpleasantly at the sound, and thoughtlessly, he tightened his arms around Dean.
"Well I didn't mean to disturb you, your highness," Dean snaps back, and that finally earns him a hard look. Cas says nothing, though, doesn't get angry, doesn't raise his voice. He doesn't do anything besides brush past Dean in the doorway, careful not to touch any part of him. Can't have that now, can we?
"Huh? No." He feels Cas' hand retreat and wants to beg him to come back. He doesn't, though, because Cas has spent the last few days in a dark room coaching him through drinking water and taking pills, and he deserves a break. He even offered to help Dean shower at one point, but that's off the table. There are some lines he's not going to cross, and giving over the responsibility for his own hygiene to another person is near the top of that list.
"Saints are not—"
to know.
Startled, he looked up and found Dean staring at him from a few feet away, frowning slightly.
Oren moved beside him, reaching into his jacket to produce Castiel's own blade. He tore his eyes away from Theo, accepting it with a thin smile. The steel sung in his palm, knitting uneasily back together with his Grace, damaged and borrowed as it was.
Cas rolled his eyes. "It's a little more complicated than that."
"It couldn't have been
The nearest piece of Cas real estate is the side of his jaw, so Dean kisses it, nosing his sweaty temple, and feels his eyes slip closed. They gotta move, get cleaned up, fix the sheets and the blankets before they can go to sleep, but there's no rush. There's no rush! He still can't believe it. They can take their time.
Cas laughs, and has to grab his thermos to stop it from tumbling to his feet and spilling coffee everywhere. The deep sound of it settles right in the pit of Dean's stomach, warm and full, and a grin spreads across his face before he can stop himself.
He can practically hear her eyes rolling. "If a bit of ego-stroking is all it takes to get you over here, then sure, yeah. I was planning to offer you guys pizza."
"Three, you?"
"You don't know?"
This is usually the part where Sam would come in handy. He'd know the right thing to look up, the right place to look for information. Dean's missing him enough that he almost pulls out his phone and calls him up, even though he knows he'd be signing his own death warrant by doing that. No way Sam wouldn't blab to Cas about this.
He ends up talking to her for a long time, long enough that he hops up onto the table and twirls the metaphorical phone cord around his finger. Fast food is a fool-proof topic of conversation with Mom, and one he has a lot to say about. It's enough that there's only a few awkward silences, and they don't argue about a single thing. No nasty words, no reminders that they're still two strangers speaking to one another in the middle of the night, separated by a couple state lines and three decades of catch-up. It's just a normal, regular conversation with his mom over the phone about normal, regular people things.
"Oh." Dean blinks. God, that was easy. Just like that, the air's clear. He lets out all the oxygen in his lungs, lightheaded with relief. "Okay, cool."
"What?"
"Are you, like… good?"
His eyes opened. They were clouded over with pain. "Dean," he croaked.
"Yeah, I know." He sets his coffee down on the table and takes a deep breath. God dammit. "Listen, I can drive up there, help you out."
His eyes fluttered closed. Their kissing was less tentative now, more familiar, and Dean's hands were warm and broad on his arms. The experience was still no less revelatory.
The atoms of the room sighed in relief, and Castiel slumped back against the wall, defeated.
Castiel looked up from the basin. The water inside of it was muddied; its surface had an unpleasant film floating atop it. "Angels are not given access to all of Heaven's information."
"I never…." Dean coughed to clear his throat, lips curling at the foul taste in his mouth. "Never said sorry for your nose."
yet, which probably means something. But as long as Dean doesn't actually try to talk to him, he won't have to find out. Perfectly reasonable.
"Yeah, yeah I'm—what's wrong?"
"That a problem?" Sam asks.
"Say whatever it is you're going to say. I don't want to hear it."
Dean grins. "I jerked off in the bathroom after, when you went to get us some coffee. God, I was hard the entire time, I could barely stand it. And I couldn't stop thinking about you—"
"I didn't want to worry you," Cas says easily. Dean is just getting his head settled back down on his chest again when Cas hits him with, "And I was struggling to come to terms with how deeply I was in love with you, while at the same time managing the heightened chemical response that came with it. It was almost a sort of mania—"
His hands froze, holding onto the corner of Dean's blanket. "Are you asking me to leave?"
"Are you asking for my pity?"
Bracketed by the support of Castiel's hands on his shoulders, Dean leaned forward to kiss him. This one was altogether different—it was soft and slow, devoid of intent. Like the finger tracing, Cas thought. A touch for touch's sake.
"Dude, it's no big deal, really." Cas went back to looking at nothing in particular, and Dean used the opportunity to stare recklessly at him. Even his hands, normally loose and arranged carefully at his sides, were balled into fists, his knuckles pressing whitely against his skin.
Cas is still looking at him quizzically, though, so he sighs. "It's a compliment, dude. Take it."
"Yeah," Sam breathed, nodding. "I get you, Cas. I've thought about it before, anyway. The whole—" He took a hand off the wheel to gesture at the air, as if grasping for something. "Monster… thing. I dunno. It's a lot."
"Do what?"
Jonah lunged at him with the blade, the tip of it pressing harshly against his cheek, and stood very close. "You do not ask anything of me, devil," Jonah said quietly. The fury was genuine; the authority decidedly less so. "Only me. Only I ask questions.
"I'm about to be a whole lot worse," he said, looking at the clock on the wall. "I gotta drink the next round of Campbell's soup."
"Castiel."
Castiel shifted, trying to sit forward. His wings kept pulling him backwards, but if he laid down he would never get back up again. "That's what he wants?" he asked then, breathless. He had to squint to look up at him, head pounding. The room was too bright.
Jonah stared at him. His vessel hung limply where he stood, draped carelessly in spacetime. He was silent for a long moment.
"The truth."
Castiel balked at her. "You can't bring him to Hell."
Captain Reynolds
"Fine," he conceded after a moment, and they began to move towards the stairwell. "But we work as before—you'll incapacitate whoever comes towards us, and I will kill them. Once you run out of bullets, you stay behind me."
With a heart, even.
is gonna be ready for when that moment comes. He's so ready he's aching for it. Been aching for it for weeks, in fact.
"Claire," he says with another sigh, reaching for his coffee and wrinkling his nose when he discovers it's gone cold. "She's upset."
"Okay," Charlie hums again, in a way that tells him she's filing something away for later, and a bolt of terror courses through him. "So, not that. What is it, then? It sounds like you guys are doing pretty good. What about the fight you just had? What happened?"
Cas wrapped an arm around him. His nose dipped into the hollow of Dean's throat, breathing in the scent of his skin, which was faintly sticky with sweat.
"Please," he keens, his entire body trembling with need. It's so much and it's still not enough. "Please, I need—I need to—"
"I know," he whispered, smiling with enough warmth that for a moment Castiel believed him. Maybe he did know. "It's okay. We'll do it again, Cas. I promise. But only if you get your ass up off the floor."
"Follow me."
"Dean." Cas cups his cheek with one of his ridiculously large hands, and Dean opens his eyes to find him staring back, soft and certain. His thumb swipes away a stray tear on his cheek. "It's alright."
Her face changes. It hardens, darkening into something foul, and the flood of regret he feels is about fifteen seconds too late. It's always too late.
Dean stops chewing for a second. "Oh. Okay." He grabs a napkin and wipes his mouth as Cas mulls something over.
"It's called a mage, bitch. Learn the difference."
"Well, if the IRS ever comes after us, we can move to Vermont and you can start wearing pocket protectors." Dean blows out a breath and sits up, running a hand through his sweaty hair. His heart is pounding, and he can't figure out how much of it is from the thrill of hearing Cas' voice and how much of it is—well, everything else about this situation. "Sam and Eileen doing good?"
"It's gonna hurt," Dean assures him, and grins when Cas grabs his wrist to stop him from moving his hand any further. "I want it to."
"Cas," he croaked, and fumbled for his arm, fingers curling into the ruined fabric of his shirt sleeve. Dean coughed, eyelids shuttering rapidly, and his throat worked in a swallow. "Fuck. Ugh."
"Are you familiar with the mathematician Pierre-Simon Laplace? Specifically Laplace's demon?" Cas asks then, abruptly, turning to him. The bottle is sweating in his hands.
Dean sinks further into the couch, a stupid grin on his face. Cas is gonna come home, and they're gonna talk. That part will suck, probably, but Dean's already formulating what he wants to say to Cas. And when that's over, he's gonna take all those weeks of aching and wanting and staring and give Cas the best lay of his fucking life. Even if it kills him, by God he's gonna do it.
"You already have it," he replied quickly.
Cas looks up from the socks in his hand, raising a brow, and Dean realises he's staring.
Cas had another forkful of lasagna in his mouth, so his answering laugh is close-mouthed, swallowed down with his meal. "I see."
"So, what?"
He doesn't go up there right away, though. He tidies his room first, because it's a mess from all his not-sulking, and then he finds the kitchen in a fucking disaster from Sam's stupid vegetarian cooking—why the hell is tofu that wet? That's unnatural—so he cleans the stove and loads all the dishes and wipes down the counters. He's
"Charlie figured that one out," Jody says without looking up from the notepad in her lap. Her pen scratches harshly on the paper. "You mentioned the sewers to her, and there's an old gated entrance to the drainage network in the woods."
They spend nearly an hour at the garden centre, and Dean's head is in the clouds the entire time. He has to behave like a normal human being because they're in public, but Cas is looking at him and talking to him and smiling and cracking jokes and holding his hand. Their shoulders brush together idly when they stop to look at something, and every time Dean has to suppress a full body shiver. At this rate he's gonna start purring like a cat whenever Cas so much as breathes in his direction.
"Aren't you—" Sam shifted again, grunting, and grabbed at his pistol beside him. "Cas, are you okay?"
"Cas." Dean snapped his fingers near his ear. "Stay with me."
They made quick work of the sigils. The blood frosted on the windows, but the lines were unbroken and clean, made even with the use of a rag. Dean kept his hands steady, fingers clenched tight, as Sam welled his blood into a small bowl for use, face tight and pale.
"Dean."
His arms were dead weight in his lap, wrists mangled and muscles useless. Castiel could at least collect the hem of Dean's shirt in his fingers, and he held fast to the fabric. Dean had to leave—he should have left already; he should never have come here—but he was warm and close and the softest thing Castiel had touched in weeks. Dean was so immediate, so real.
"I follow my own directives," Castiel repeated for what felt like the hundredth time.
She shrugs. "I mean, you guys haven't been together that long. It's a risky thing to just assume. Maybe he doesn't know how to ask you, or something happened that made him unsure, or something."
Castiel glared at her.
The next quake was forceful enough that his wrists were jostled. Castiel was too exhausted to cry out, so he grit his teeth instead.
Cas shifted beneath him. Not physically; his body began to refract, shimmering until Dean thought he could see the outline of him—not as an angel stuffed into the meagre vessel of a human body, but as Cas himself. It was only for the fraction of the second, but he could see him suddenly, plainly, hanging in the sky above. Giant, celestial curtains suspended from a single, tight locus, a stitch in the fabric of reality. There was the impression of vast interlocking walls, stretching in all directions, a crossroads of pearlescent marble that met in impossible intersections, emanating from the same, unknowable origin—Cas himself. A pillar, Dean thought, and understood then that angels were not just instruments but foundations, too. Load-bearing brackets upon which the universe suspended itself.
"Baring your soul to your partner isn't simply metaphor," Cas continued. "Though I have limited experience with the process."
"Well, it's the truth," Mary says, sounding annoyed. "You're not a little boy anymore. I don't need to hide it from you. And it's the only way to move forward. Deal with things as they happen. Otherwise—"
"Basement. You okay, Sam?"
needs to watch his back. It's the reason his arm is in a goddamn sling.
Castiel was given a wash basin to clean himself. He knew it was done to humiliate him, to remind him that he lacked the ability to maintain his vessel as he normally would, but it only reminded him of Dean. How desperately he would seek out a body of water or working faucet to clean his hands once his hunting was complete; how he would cup river water in his palms and pass it over his face in Purgatory, bemoaning the lack of any plumbing. Castiel had memorised the movements of his hands and mimicked them now, not just washing the blood and sweat from his skin but participating in the methodical ritual of ablution. It was painful, the water seeping into all the cuts that had not been healed for him, and he took more than one break to give his body a rest. He enjoyed the task far more than counting flecks or watching dust.
One of Dean's fists connected with Castiel's ribs. There was enough force behind it to sting, making him grunt. A moment later, Sam's hand appeared in his periphery, silently offering him fresh zip ties.
"You picked the guy's pockets before you burned his body, right?" he asks Claire as he walks slowly towards the gallows, limping heavily. Cas must have used the spare key to let himself inside Jody's place, because he isn't anywhere in sight. His gut roils. Good thing he hasn't eaten.
"We can do that if it makes you feel better," Sam offered.
The offer of water was met with resigned compliance this time, and he managed to get a few capfuls of it into Dean before his hand was pushed away again. Setting it down on the floor next to them, he shifted Dean so that he wasn't leaning all of his weight into his neck. Castiel should just deposit him back onto the floor, but—holding Dean in his arms was not exactly a common occurrence, and while his selfishness filled him with shame, he did not move to correct it.
"You seem upset. You have been, since last night."
"The Michael Sword!" He disarmed Dean with a flick of his hand. The pistol clattered to the floor, and then Theo reached into Dean's jacket, where he'd stashed his blade, and threw that to the ground, too. He smiled as he pulled Dean tight against him. "I thought you'd be a better warrior."
stupid.
The sudden spike of guilt he feels at that thought is intense enough to make him pull out his phone and bring up Cas' contact. Stupid, stupid, stupid. He should've texted him days ago. Cas could be dead in a ditch somewhere and the last thing he ever said to him was—
Let the record show that Dean called it. He's been wrong about a lot of things in his life, but not this. Not when it comes to people leaving. On that score, he's never lost a bet.
He winces. "Look, I'm sorry—"
Theo left him to hang. Castiel's wings, brutally forced into three dimensional space, let off a faint glow. The light was soft and pale in the odd spot where the feathers were mostly clean; in other patches, it came out sickly and red. Castiel looked around the room in despair, at the ruins before him. It would take ages to repair his wings, even after they were properly retracted. Even longer to restore them to what they had once been. Provided, of course, he had the time and energy to do so. Provided he survived this place.
"And Dean Winchester?" She looked beside him. "Jonah revived him as well?"
Mary crosses her arms over her chest, fighting a shiver. She should be sleeping—they both should be sleeping. They need to be well-rested come tomorrow.
Dean knots his fingers together in his lap, refocusing on the motion of Cas' hands. "Yeah, being a human comes with lots of joint pain."
"What the hell does Sam want?"
Dean's wrist was within reach, and he grabbed onto it to anchor himself, cuffs clinking. His mouth was warm and soft, tasting faintly of blood from the cut on his lip. The kiss was underwhelming, quick and chaste and not nearly enough to make up for all the years that had preceded it. Castiel felt a sob escape him—felt his body begin to tremble again, and then Dean pulled back to look at him.
Cas watched him silently, a wary and confused look on his face, and then frowned at the offered clothing. "I told you, I don't need to change."
"What are 'those'?" Dean asks Mary.
Dean shifted under the jacket, pawing it down until he got an arm out, where he curled it loosely up around his chest. The sigh he let out was resigned, and his eyes slowly opened.
"You planning on building a shed or something?" Dean asks, giving the guidebook a nosey glance as he shoves half a piece of bacon into his mouth.
"Jesus," Dean muttered, and walked over to the couch. "Cas?"
"Okay, Terminator," he muttered, stretching his leg out to shove the note in his jeans pocket. God, he still had his jeans on. At least he'd kicked his boots off before climbing into bed. His sheets would need changing.
Cas retreats from the library, spoiling his fun, and Dean is too comfortable sitting in his seat to follow. In fact, he's kinda tired, and the lamp in the corner is pissing him off with how bright it is, so he pillows his head on his good arm and plays heads-up-7-up with himself while he waits for Cas to come back.
receive revelation from somewhere," Jonah reasoned. "You can't simply make up your own orders."
When they get inside, Jody pulls him into a hug that takes up the better part of a minute, and he holds her tight with his free arm.
"Bit of a rush job," his brother drawls, resting his arm over the back of the empty chair next to him. "We had to cut our translator loose a bit early, but otherwise, good."
Sipping his coffee and skimming the news, though, he wonders if Eileen and Sam had snagged the last remaining case of paranormal activity in the country. He's not quite desperate enough to look for cases in Canada just yet, but it's on the table. There has to be
Something about this is off. Where did all these skeletons come from? The only grave that was disturbed was Mr. Alice's, and that was only a couple days ago. No missing persons reports, either. It's impossible to tell how many people make up the piles of bones around him, but he's gotta figure at least four or five. Even that number feels like he's low-balling it. So where the hell is he? And why the hell does it sound like there's water nearby?
"You got them from Metatron."
The air contracted in the room, interrupting them, and Dean looked up at the disordered sound of fluttering wings to see Cas stumble into the table by the entrance to the war room. He muttered something Dean didn't catch, grabbing the edge of the table for support, and watched with detached interest at the stack of books he'd bumped into fall all over the floor.
Cas nods tiredly, a wry tilt to his mouth. He seems to consider saying something, then drinks his coffee instead. There's a cut on his cheek, welling up with fresh blood in small pearls that cling to the sliced edges of his skin, and Dean suffers through the terribly mundane fantasy of folding up his napkin and wiping it away for him. With their ankles touching below the table, it's borderline scandalous.
"Oh." He sighs. "Yes, the planter. I forgot about that."
Castiel closed his eyes, pressing his face into his arm, and listened to the door screech on its hinges as it swung out into the hallway.
"I already have," Castiel replied. It was almost a comfort. "But you can still live."
It's hard to tell if this is the first time Cas called his name. He suspects it isn't, judging by how panicked he sounds, and something that resembles an apology tumbles out of Dean's mouth.
Dean risks a glance in Cas' direction. The first part of the movie is lit a sallow green, and it makes his profile especially sharp in the darkness of the room, catching on the few days' worth of stubble dusting his jaw. Cas notices him staring almost immediately and turns to look at him.
He wakes up shaking, a sob caught in his throat like a stone. Dean tries to swallow it down, squeezing his eyes closed as he catches his breath.
"Hey, Cas." He licked his lips. "I'm fantastic."
"What?" He looks up at her. "No, I—no."
"Not months," he says miserably. "Like seven weeks, I think. Or eight."
They both sat in the centre of the cell, Dean breathing hard and Castiel watching him. His hand worried the blood-sodden collar of his t-shirt, tugging it down as if it were too tight. He hooked his finger in it, let his arm hang, and looked around the room.
he reads off, smiling. "You know you can find all this stuff online for free, right?"
"Library, yeah. She said she was making up your character."
Dean winces. "No, it—sorry. Nevermind."
"Check that," his ghoul says to not-Mariam, and she disappears through the door.
"Dean—" Violet stars winked in his vision. Castiel grit his teeth. "You need to get out of here."
"Dean," he said again, as if that was all he was capable of saying, and then his eyes opened. Even now, he looked strained, strung up. There was still something far away in his expression—stresses that he couldn't shake off.
He was left alone for three days. The water in the basin was soured, too unclean to be of use. Castiel went back to watching the dust hang in the sunlight and counting the flecks on his buttons. His shirt wouldn't last him much longer, he thought. It hung off him in tatters, filthy with blood. Some of the fabric was embedded in the cuts Jonah had drawn across his body, and one of them was festering. He needed someone to come repair him. He needed Jonah to come back.
His phone interrupts them by vibrating on the table. Leaning over to read the caller ID, he raises a brow. "Speak of the devil."
Cas was nowhere to be found. He didn't answer any of their calls, and he offered no indication of when he'd next visit. Sam tried on more than one occasion to ask Dean about what happened with their conversation in the scrapyard, the undercurrent in his voice hedging and careful.
"I'm just—" He cannot start the waterworks on this fucking balcony. Dean swallows down the twinge in his throat, tries to clench his jaw until the pressure in his temples recedes. "I'm just scared."
"I told you not to pick a magic class for your first campaign," Charlie reminded him. "And it's—fine."
"None, just—surprised." He lowered his voice further. "You seemed pretty pissed about it, last few weeks."
"It's been a while," Sam continued. "How's it—you know, going? Up top?"
The optimism in his voice was unbearable to listen to. Castiel wanted to shut him out, shut all of this out, and lean into his warmth. He did not have the strength to help Dean; he didn't even have the strength to apologise for it.
Cas' pace doesn't let up, and obscene noises start pouring out of Dean's mouth. Cas is still getting a hang of this whole thing, so sometimes his strokes are too shallow, or too deep, and the head of his dick doesn't always hit Dean's prostate right, but he's shaking apart anyway. He's worked up so bad, and so is Cas, and every gasp and moan that rips out of Cas' throat zings straight to his dick.
Castiel sighed. "No."
Dean huffs. "Oh yeah? Then what is it?"
With a sigh he clicks out of the window and closes the laptop, then immediately opens it back up to double check that he's properly gotten rid of all the evidence and none of it will be in his browsing history. Not that anyone else uses this laptop besides him, but he doesn't need the reminder he ever attempted this.
"We can later, if you want."
"Yes," he conceded grudgingly. He thought of Dean bleeding out on the ground. He thought of the broken mess of his wings covering the floors of his cell. It had been a while since he'd felt the desire to kill another, but it would consume him now if he let it.
Charlie looks up. "I'm painting my toes," she says calmly. "You wanna try?"
"You just wanna forget," Dean murmured finally.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." Dean sits up on the couch, back ramrod straight. He gapes at Cas, who's just lying there, perched on one end of the couch. "What?"
What a ridiculous sentiment, he thought. Instead, he smiled back. "I'm glad you're feeling better."
He tries not to lose his patience. "What do you want me to say?"
Well, he supposes he deserves that. It doesn't make the anger go away, though. He scrubs a hand over his face, listening to the stubble rasp against his palm. He's not getting any sleep anytime soon. Hasn't he suffered enough already?
"Don't backseat cook at me," Sam said immediately, though there was a smile on his face. "I have my process, you have yours."
Angels did not need sleep, but Castiel did his best to try. There was no way to escape reality in full; he couldn't shut down his higher order self without permanently damaging it, but he could quiet it down, make it pass through the eye of the needle that was his faltering and broken vessel. It suspended him in a state of para-consciousness. He was aware of himself, aware of the cell and his destroyed wings and his agonised body, and yet he was able to ignore it. Spacetime became fuzzy, difficult to monitor as he had done for millennia. It was a much less pleasant version of being intoxicated.
Dean's mouth twitched. "Right. Well…." His thumb touched his lower lip, and his eyes followed. "You gotta close your eyes. And follow my lead."
"Dean."
"Did you sleep with her?"
"I am," Dean says, mustering a sober tone. He knows this is important. "I will."
"I'm not leaving this room without him."
"Your doppelganger knocked on my front door."
He grins at her. "Hey, I'll do just about anything for free pizza."
It was a long moment before he answered. "I'll just throw it back up," he murmured, looking at the water bottle.
Cas hesitates a second too long before replying. "Of course."
"No, um—" He clears his throat, shutting the dishwasher. "It's fine. We don't need a maid. There's more of us around now anyway, so."
Jody glares at him again, and he quiets down. "But it was clearly a mistake to call you for this case."
A deep rending sound cut off his words. They all looked up, and listened as part of the ceiling collapsed somewhere nearby. He could hear screaming.
He braced some of his weight on his elbow as he listed sideways, making his shoulder burn. "The—the entire campaign?"
and not the other way around, so maybe that's progress. Whatever. He was being kind of a dick to her anyway. And he misses her, a lot. God, he's turning into a huge baby with all this missing people shit.
was a common refrain from Dean, and one that always made him smile.
And Dean has to keep a straight face, because this is serious business and he needs to say some shit to Cas, but most of his attention is diverted to Cas' lips around his own finger.
it be enough; the alternative was no company at all.
Claire flashes another grin. "Very cathartic. Ruined the carpet, too. I hated it anyway."
"I'm saying if something had happened to you—" He grinds his jaw again. "It would have cost me something to get you back."
He's a second away from doing deep breathing exercises when he feels the bed dip again. "Dean."
"There isn't enough alcohol in South Dakota to intoxicate me," he informed them, teeth clenched as Sam threaded the needle.
The back of Dean's knees hit the edge of the mattress, and Cas pushes him down onto it. Dean lies back on his elbows, chest heaving, and looks up at Cas, starstruck. He looks a million feet tall from this angle, impossibly broad, and he's staring down at Dean like he's never seen him before in his life. But unlike all the horrified, aghast, unfamiliar glares he's been receiving from loved ones the past however many weeks, this one is different. It's holy, it's reverent, like he's just discovered something new and brilliant. It's Cas saying, without words, that he wasn't exaggerating when he said Dean's the most beautiful human being he's ever seen.
"Dean—"
Cas has unfortunately finished obliterating the pizza boxes with his bare hands. He takes the flats over to the blue garbage bag that Sam hauls to the recycling centre every week, leaving Dean to contemplate the many, many, many muscle groups in Cas' back and shoulders and arms.
"He's an idiot," Charlie supplies helpfully beside him, and holds out her hand for Jody to shake. Her smile is bubbly. "Hi. Charlie."
Dean scrubs a hand over his face. "No, man, I meant—I mean let's just hash it out, alright? You clearly have shit you wanna say."
It cows Dean, good and proper, and he feels small when he eventually speaks again.
"This?"
"No," he groans, and has to stand on his tip-toes to locate his water bottle above them. He chugs a good half of it, then wipes his mouth and passes it to Cas, who declines.
Dean tests his head, rolling it slowly back and forth to look around the room or hole or wherever the hell he is. The movement makes him dizzy, which is another problem he'll have to deal with, but he shoves that aside for now. To his right is a light source—a small electric camping lantern set on the floor, throwing off weak yellow light. The walls are made of concrete, which is comforting for some reason. At least he's not in a literal hole in the ground. Bad news is, it's about the only comforting thing he sees.
"I don't want you to be unhappy," Cas says gravely. "And I don't want you to be with me because you believe you have to be, or because of some sense of obligation between us. You've been distant these past few months, and I don't want you to feel like you need to avoid me if this is a problem."
Dean stared at him, dumbfounded, his dick still throbbing in his pants. "You what?"
"I thought they didn't like each other."
so he reaches for Cas' upturned hand instead. The contact seems to surprise him, but he doesn't flinch away. He smiles at Dean, squeezing his fingers. His hands are warm. Cas is always warm.
Castiel rubbed a hand down his thigh, stopping at his knee. "Bartholomew is losing ranks, isn't he? Is it to Malachi?"
He set about fixing the bruise on his cheekbone, the split on his upper lip, the marks Theo had made along his jaw and throat. Carefully, he cradled Dean's hands in his own and stitched the broken skin across his knuckles back together. Life fluttered beneath his palms as he worked, slouching back into place where it belonged. No human being wore their own life like Dean Winchester, and Castiel was the only angel in existence who knew where all the pieces fit. Jonah would never have been able to do this.
"Awesome," he replied, thankful that he reached the counter when he did. He leaned his arms on the edge and pressed his head down on top of them, catching his breath. The sunglasses dug into the bridge of his nose, and he tugged Cas' jacket up a little higher.
"Glad to hear that. Sam, go get the med kit."
"Let's go," he muttered, slamming his door closed.
"Good to see you too, man," Sam grunts and slaps his back, as if they aren't both desperately missing each other, but Sam's the first to pull away.
he thought with a small smile, scratching at his bound wrists,
Christ, he sounds so happy. "
"I don't see why you had to break my leg to—"
"You need time to recover," Cas told him. "I took more from you than I intended to. It'll be awhile before I can safely attempt something like that again."
"I can mend the damage," he conceded with a tilt of his head. "I have no idea what they'll look like after I'm finished."
Cas' truck is parked on the street when they pull up to Jody's, right behind the Impala, which upon brief inspection seems to be fine. At least the ghoul didn't fuck up his car. Small mercies.
Castiel met her eyes. He could tell she wanted to say something, to ask him something. When she didn't, he looked back down at Theo.
"Night, Cas."
"Castiel—"
"I'm hurting now," he whined, and reached down to touch himself. He hissed through clenched teeth, resisting the overwhelming need to move his hand. "Fuck."
"I sensed you below," Hannah said, her eyes roaming across the bodies all around them. "Moving around the building during the battle."
"Okay, yes," he says, leaning into the word. "Yes, I will. I promise."
Dean purses his lips, impressed. "Damn."
"We can grab a place here if you need to rest—"
Castiel smiled faintly at the hope in that statement. They would be so fortuitous.
"I said not yet." He slips a third finger in, and Dean can feel the burn now. He's shaking beneath him, breath coming out in gasps. Cas is barely even doing anything, just working him open. When Dean arches up again, running the head of his dick against Cas' stomach, Cas' free hand comes off the bed and presses down on Dean's hip, bearing his full weight, keeping him firmly in place.
"Hey, I'll drink to that."
He sat up. It was more difficult than he would have liked, but he still managed to fold himself into a sitting position, feet now on the floor. Sam offered help more than once, but he refused it. A bead of sweat tracked down his temple from the effort, and while he didn't need to breathe, this body was nonetheless breathless from the movement.
Cas is starting to look impatient. "Do you remember the conversation we had? It was a while ago. A few months, I believe, early into our relationship."
"Your jeans, hotshot." Dean gives a pointed look at Cas' belt buckle, but all the amusement dries up when he sees how tented the material of his pants is. Okay, maybe he's not going to die, but he sure as shit is leaving this plane of existence.
Mary nods, like none of this is a surprise. He supposes it isn't. "Well, there's a lot going on. We can start small, if you want. Why'd you come out here?"
"You want me to pull away?"
Sam's prayer to him had been brief, full of desperate intent, and only four words long:
Dean woke up in his bed. It was a significant upgrade from a towel on the bathroom floor, though he didn't remember how he got here.
"Cas?" He kissed his jaw, dragged his head up. Cas' eyes were closed, brow furrowed and a deep look of concentration on his face. Dean felt a grin pull at his mouth, and he touched his cheek to get his attention. "Hey."
Dean snorts, realising too late that she's not joking. The vaguely horrified look Jody gives him is incredibly uncomfortable, and he shrugs restlessly, grabbing the slick metal of the balcony railing and making the incorrect decision to look down into the street again.
"Clear!" he hears Sam call out, and the room seems to settle. Good. It's way too loud in here, and Dean's enjoying how comfortable the floor is.
Sam takes it, eyes scanning the bottle, and then laughs. "Yeah," he says, handing it back to Cas. "Yeah, that's high. How you feeling, buddy?"
"What's going on with
Before she can say anything, though, Claire shuffles into the kitchen, doing her best to still look moody. "Hey," she says, like she's surprised to find them still in the apartment, and shoos Dean away from the fridge with a flap of her hand before opening the door.
"I'm not—" Cas exhaled loudly through his nose. "What I'm wearing is fine."
"Cool," Dean whispered, and though the answering smile tugging at his mouth was cautious, it was nonetheless genuine.
"No, um," Dean huffs, swallowing. "I meant our conversation."
Cas tilts his head, like the question deserved all the gravity of an angel's full consideration. "I hardly remember the food," he says after a moment, smiling faintly as he looks back at Dean. "This is much better."
She shrugs. "You can watch me play, though. I'm doing a hundred-percent run of Twilight Princess right now and figured this was a good time to get some hours in."
"I'm starting to figure that out, yeah." She closed her laptop and rubbed at her eyes. "I don't know. Dean told me not to sweat it, but I did fuck up pretty bad, and now he's the one dealing with my mistake."
"You bared your soul to me," Castiel explained calmly as Dean looked around, like he needed a reminder of where they were.
Dean stood before him, with an angel blade in one hand—slick with blood—and his pistol in the other. There was an oblong bruise colouring his left cheekbone purple and red; a fresh cut split his upper lip. One of the collar flaps of his jacket was haphazardly flipped up, speckled with droplets of crimson. As he tucked his gun into the waistband of his jeans and slipped the blade into his jacket, Castiel had to look away. He was too beautiful; he did not belong in this place.
Dean took the plate from him. "You sicken me."
Sam winced. "Dean mentioned your wings were damaged."
Dean frowns. Apparently they're already moving into weirdo territory with this conversation. Alright, well, two can play at that game. "Are you familiar with what happens when you eat too many of those Wal-Mart sheet cakes?" he counters. "Your shit turns green."
Nope, not answering that. "I'm just kissing you, dude. Sorry for the inconvenience."
"Dean?"
"Yes," Cas says dryly, taking another sip of his beer, "only vagrants drink in public."
"You should, uh." Dean cleared his throat, a final small bubble of laughter escaping him. "You should take a few minutes for yourself, too, Cas. Clean up, relax. I know you like layers. Your coat's in the library still."
No, no way. We need to get this shit done tonight."
He was accustomed to being a shadow in the street, in the field and at sea. Watching silently, without intervention or input. Rarely, when required of him, he would intercede on human affairs, mostly during times of war. He had enjoyed the honour of such a task, even if managing human relationships in between battles exhausted and confounded him.
Castiel watched him as he retrieved his angel blade from his jacket. "Dean, no." He grabbed a fistful of Dean's jacket, forcing him to stop. "Dean."
"No shit." Dean coughed, the movement rattling him. "This is worse than a hangover."
"Otherwise what?" it comes out sharp, and he doesn't mean it to, he almost never means it to, but it does, it always fucking does.
Cas wondered how to respond to him. He couldn't promise Dean that he wouldn't be harmed again—it would be a lie, and Dean would rightfully never believe him anyway. He couldn't even promise that he would be able to see him again soon. Dean would load into the Impala with Sam and drive a few states over to their next case, and Castiel would be busy rebuilding his forces. He would call, of course, but he disliked talking to Dean over the phone, and limited the necessity of having to do so as much as he could. It was so much more difficult to understand Dean when he couldn't see the way he held himself or the expression he wore on his mouth.
Carefully, Dean rucked up his shirt far enough to expose the wound, and sucked in breath through his teeth. It was difficult to look at directly; not because it was grizzly, although it was, but because the mouth of the wound shimmered with a wavering incandescence that made Dean's head spin. It seemed to refract and move at random, as if glancing off the surface of a pearl, shifting under some unknowable light source.
"We had a plan," Jody explains carefully, like he's a particularly slow child. "We would've found the nest with the search party this morning."
Theo didn't give him time to answer. Instead he circled around, boots carelessly dragging across the protruding wing as he did so, and the bones bent painfully under the weight.
"Oh." He resumed tugging on the blankets, handing the edge of it to Dean. "Well, yes, technically, I do."
Bobby nodded, frowning but acquiescent. "Sure thing, yeah."
"Shit on toast."
"And Sam?"
"It's alright."
"He's hungry," Sam corrected her, voice strained. "Vampires need to feed pretty soon after they turn. The Mark isn't helping with that, either. He was a lot better at controlling it last time this happened."
"I did. Very much."
"Yeah, great, why?"
Jody squeezes his arm and unlatches the door. "Good. I could use the backup."
"There is only one devil," he reasoned, trying for a light tone. He wasn't sure if it worked or not. "And I'm not him."
"It's why I took the southwest side," Sam says with a tight grin.
Dean's apparently not doing a very good job at keeping quiet, because he feels the bed shift beside him. "Dean?" Cas' voice is rough and gravely, dragged from a sound sleep.
The Impala was nowhere to be seen in the lot. Castiel moved forward, expanding his Grace and locating Sam within the northern side of the warehouse. The distance annoyed him; the imprecision was concerning.
"Do you also know that only two other angels survived our incursion into Hell?" Cas asks, ignoring him. He sets the bottle down on the workbench and begins to pace, gravel grinding beneath his boot heel. "The mission to save you was costly, and those of us that survived were severely injured. The rebuilding process was supposed to be a collective effort, but I was the only one whole enough to undertake it. The task before me was infinitely complex—remaking your body from the ribbons I pulled from the Pit took far longer than anticipated. But I relished the responsibility given to me." Cas pauses, looking down at his upturned hands. Pride colours his face, a sort of excessive self-adoration Dean hasn't seen him wear in a long time. When he speaks again, his voice is soft, reverent, and there's a small smile on his face. "I was excellent at it. I know now that no angel in all of Creation could have done what I did. Michael's instructions were very clear: he was to be delivered a vessel worthy of his Grace, and I made you more than what you had been before. I was careful to remove all physical traces of your history with Hell, to correct any worn joints, any old scars that caused you grief. You were the most beautiful human being I had ever seen, and I alone was gifted with the duty of remaking you." Cas looks up at him, hands folding into his fists that fall to his side, face sober and severe once more. "I know every atom of your body, Dean Winchester, and yet I have never been able to predict with any degree of accuracy what you will do next."
"I would've managed."
"You still have a fever," he said, noting the sheen of sweat on his face. "But it feels low. Are you finished vomiting?"
"I don't want to." He shifted his weight, restless, pacing the length of the room.
Castiel stared at the postcard, tracing the edges of the broken columns with his eyes. Dean was warm beside him, shuffling the deck of postcards in his hands nervously as he awaited a response. He had to say something, but what could he possibly say to this?
It had been a long time since someone had responded this way to a simple kiss from him. Frantic and hungry, not just to be touched but to be touched by Dean specifically. It ignited something deep inside him, and when he opened his mouth to press his tongue gently against Cas' lower lip, he felt himself shudder at the moan it drew out of him.
"Dean," he groans, the word rumbling in his throat. The tension drains from his body almost immediately, leaning into Dean in a way he's refrained from doing for weeks. Cas has a fistful of Dean's shirt, the other hand on his bicep. The stubble on Cas' neck is rough against his mouth, and God has he ever missed this. Dean kisses a wet line down the column of his throat, pausing occasionally to suck at the skin, relishing the noises it pulls out of Cas. He's careful to not leave any hickies—Cas needs to be brought fully on board for that kind of treatment.
"Jesus," he mutters. The search results are dire:
It was impressive, in a way. "God, you're wound tight."
"No, no, no," he says quickly, and his eyes slit with pleasure when Cas resumes his tracing. "No, it's great, it's cool. But you said—you said you were having trouble feeling human."
"Or putting Claire in danger."
Castiel held him steady as Dean sloughed off the weight of his own death. He should urge him to hurry, he thought. They needed to find Sam; they needed to aid the angels above them, still locked in battle. Instead he cradled Dean in his arms, watching the fine muscles in his face twitch and shift with renewed, vibrant life.
There was a tug at his elbow, and he let his arm drop. Cas was staring at him with that too-serious stare of his. It was tempered now with arousal, a tight heat that made his eyes unfocus a little, and Dean would have found it really hot if not for the current topic of conversation.
Dean pushed up from the bed, despite Castiel's best efforts to keep him there, and then sat down beside him. "Open myself?"
Castiel sat up on the bed, frowning down at Dean. "You sound uncertain."
He can hear her shifting around, like in a bed maybe. Fuck. He probably woke her up. "
had been the summary he'd finally landed on. Vague enough to sound important, specific enough that it wouldn't count as lying by omission. Hannah hadn't seen it that way, though.
Instead of answering, Cas gathers him close, pulling him tight against his chest. It's the closest they've been in weeks, and Dean feels sick with guilt over it, with how good it feels to be held by Cas, but he doesn't pull away. The steady, even thrum of his heart and his breathing rise and fall against Dean's back, and when Cas runs a hand through his hair, the sob he'd been holding back escapes him.
One of Sam's shoulders rose and fell in a shrug beside him. "It is, some days. Other times he's mostly himself. And the vamp thing—" He shot a look back at the warehouse, jaw working. "I don't know. It's like he can't do impulse control anymore. This isn't helping."
Sam pushed his hand away. "You didn't see him this morning?"
He slouches deeper into the cushions. "I'm not a girl."
"I'm keeping your cigs, by the way," Claire whispers beside him, and he only has time to glare at her before they're walking inside.
Dean tries to move and immediately regrets it. His arm, the broken one, throbs painfully, and there's a persistent, sick pounding in his head. His sternum hurts, too, where the cop had punched him. Dean tries to move his hands—there's something wet on his face, maybe blood—and realises they're bound together.
"That was a pretty solid burn, dude," he whispered, smacking Castiel's arm.
He nodded. "For now. Are you and Oren all that's left?"
Charlie's staring at him again. He realises she muted the television, and Dean is not the least bit interested in having any type of conversation that requires the TV to be off.
Dean slides the tablet back to her. "How romantic."
Alright ladies, gentlemen, and those of you who know better, welcome to the main event. This fic is finally living up to its rating!
Cas gravely informed him of all the various ways in which he could travel, including the non-Euclidean ones. It didn't sound like bragging, exactly; more like an adult correcting a very curious and misinformed child about how the world works. Sam snuck him a smile over Cas' head, and Dean decided he would let him ramble on about how majestic he was if it made him feel better.
Well, okay.
She spared a single glance in Dean's direction, and then she was gone, fleeing through the open cell door in a burst of smoke.
"Uh, yeah." Dean makes a cursory sweep of the counters to make sure he hasn't left a mess, then makes a swift exit from the kitchen, tossing a strained
He knew what his brother was working up to; a talk about how Dean could be inelegant with people. Not intentionally, no, he knows it's not on purpose or anything, but it can sometimes put people off, you know? Especially when they have a lot on their plate, or maybe aren't familiar with that sort of teasing, which Cas definitely wasn't.
It's a fairly simple case. Over two dozen drained bodies identified in the area, which means there are probably shitloads more actual victims. This isn't a too-many-cooks-for-the-pot situation; killings on this scale means the nest is big, big enough to warrant a team of five hunters. They split two adjacent motel rooms for the night, spending the evening planning the raid and sharpening their machetes.
Dean stares at her for a long moment, gobsmacked. He really wants to hug her, but he's unsure if they're back to the hugging stage of their relationship yet or not. Charlie takes pity on him and holds her arms out, and he crushes her in a hug so hard it makes her squeak.
"No. I simply… listened to what they had to say."
"Yes." Cas grabbed his arm to keep his attention. His fingers were cool. "You remember the Enochian sigils I showed you?"
Dean cleared his throat then, and his words came out quiet. "I don't know how to do this."
He frowns. "Those are some tough mothers. You there with anyone?"
"Can you—" Dean broke away with a gasp, still holding onto his face. Their heads jostled for space on the pillow. "Can you still fix your wings while we do this?"
With the sunlight gone, Castiel measured time in how often Theo came into his cell. It took three sessions to draw one of Castiel's wings out from between his spine and shoulder blade. The added weight to his body would routinely break his wrists where they hung above his head, which Theo would dutifully reset. It was only a matter of time before his spine broke, though the column had so far held.
Despite everything, Dean finds himself smiling. They're both so dorky it makes his chest hurt. "Does that mean you're gonna start paying rent?"
And after all this, after all his years of hunting, he can't take any more bodies weighing on him. The kind of body count he's carrying around—the ticks that are etched permanently onto the inside of his skull—could fill chalkboards.
"Yeah, I'm—" Grease hissed as Sam pushed bacon around the skillet in front of him. "Trying to cook what's left in the fridge before it goes bad. This stuff is easy enough to reheat, anyway."
"Nothing." Cas straightened, eyes falling to Dean, and his expression softened. "How are you feeling?"
Hunched over his desk and shooting a surreptitious look over his shoulder to confirm that no one is secretly hiding under his bed or in the corners of his room, Dean carefully types out his question with his index finger, each keystroke deliberate. His other hand is busy tapping against the side of his tumbler, keeping it at the ready in case he needs reinforcements.
Dean frowned. "Necessary?"
"We have to wait anyway," Charlie reminds him.
"Hey, Mom," he says, rubbing at his eyes and leaning against one of the tables in the library. It's late—even Charlie's asleep by this point, and she usually stays up until four in the morning. "It's me. Cas finally gave me my phone back, so—he said you called a couple times." Dean pauses, collecting his thoughts. "Look, I'm—I'm sorry, I was a jackass. It's cool, and everything. Call me when you—"
"That bad, huh?" Dean finally hedged after several minutes of silent, rigid walking.
Oh, his entire body is on fire, and not in a fun way. Dean can't slide further down in his seat without kissing the table, so he stares glumly at the floor instead. "No. I don't know."
lay—Dean can't imagine sacrificing his whole week helping someone forensically clean their own house.
"So they do command your forces."
"I told him he could stay for the night," Sam interjected, and stood up from the bed. He retrieved the plate from the edge of the mattress, and nodded to Castiel. "I gotta get back downstairs. Glad to see you're alright."
have been powerful enough to revive both Winchesters."
"Are you okay?"
And then he would duck his head again, and reality would whittle down to Dean and Dean alone.
"It's a lot of pressure," he says defensively. "It's the rest of our lives."
way. "She thinks Alex moving in the first place is stupid, and also that she wants to move in with her, and
A flicker of doubt crosses Cas' face, which isn't what Dean had been going for at all. He brushes his knuckles along his cheek, and Cas leans into it. "Not complaining, dude, trust me," he says, and is relieved to watch the apprehension drain away from Cas' features. "It's just funny."
The ghoul finally lets go of him, and Dean begins to list sideways, sliding towards the floor, and registers only a very dull pain in his leg as he passes out.
"Oh." Dean recalibrates. That's a contingency he hadn't planned for. "Sorry, Mom."
Dean frowns, attention still on the magnets. "How so?"
"I know! I know." She laughs, closing the door behind her. "Okay yeah, will do. I'll be safe, I promise. I know. I'll call you tomorrow. Bye."
"I can," he admitted.
"Bobby's got a nest in there he's been meaning to clean out. It's good target practice. I can show you how to use a gun again."
Castiel studied him. He could hear that familiar note in his voice, a catch of defensive humour. By this point he knew Dean well enough to understand the question he had not asked.
Cas notices it immediately, and his expression softens. "Are you alright?"
Everyone seems to be getting their kicks lately by asking him very loaded questions. Dean stands there in Jody's front hallway, leg burning, wondering how the hell he's supposed to answer that.
Jonah wasn't torturing him today, and Castiel suspected his superiors had told him to lay off—dead angels were not very good intelligence assets. He seemed more at ease as a consequence, though he paced the length of the cell, unable to be still.
"Is fine right where he is," Bobby told him. "Go on."
Jonah's eyes narrowed. It was very early in the morning now, not quite dawn, and the light from the window was grey. "Speaking to me as if we are friends, Castiel. As if you are anything but a devil."
"I need to show you how to kiss properly," he murmurs into Cas' mouth a few minutes later, smiling when Cas pulls back to look at him.
"As did Bartholomew," he reminded her.
"I mean, I kinda broke my last one," he says with a nervous laugh, and then sobers at the expression on Cas' face. "Yeah, no, I got you. Go ahead."
Cas sits quietly at the table behind him, sipping at his coffee as he reads more of his Woodworking for Dummies book. He takes notes from the thing like there's going to be a test on it later, but it always seems to mellow him out, so Dean doesn't tease him about it too bad.
Eventually Dean broke off, knocking their foreheads together and breathing hard. His hand hung off the back of Castiel's neck, as if braced in support, and Dean let out a sigh. It sounded relieved. "Cas."
He offered Cas an uneven smile, as if nothing had changed, and they were simply discussing the weather. His tone was not quite casual when he spoke. "Don't be a stranger, Sally."
The motel they get pays by the hour. Jody lays down enough cash to cover five, which Dean thinks is a little excessive, but there's an air conditioning unit in the room and black-out blinds, so he keeps his mouth shut.
"Bobby and Sam, you mean?" Castiel asked. "They likely did. You were quite vocal."
"Sleeping beauty," Bobby greeted as he stood in the doorway, and Dean met his eyes, then Sam's, before glancing at the couch. Cas was still there, though he was sitting up now, a hand to his side. He looked even more haggard than the last time he'd stumbled into Bobby's.
Sam cleared his throat. "Cas?"
"It isn't inherently one, no."
"I've been thinking a lot about our relationship these past few months," Cas begins, folding his hands in front of him like this is a job interview. "It's been somewhat… tumultuous."
Dean closed his eyes, swallowing down the hammering pulse in his throat. "You're serious—"
He nods, retreating to the safety of his beer. "Yeah."
"Such a good lay that I'm ruining your life," Dean finished for him, mouth twitching in amusement. "Got it."
He swallowed, and selected his words carefully. "Yes. But no harm will come to Dean or Sam."
Except, well. Something is still wrong. He got more action at his middle school dance than he's getting with Cas. Dean's been thinking on it a lot lately, and not just because he'd do just about anything by this point to have sex with Cas again. Charlie completely ruined his running theory on why this continues to be a problem, so he's back to square one.
"Uh," he hums, swallowing. "Yeah." Okay, maybe he should have fainted. All this thinking and standing at the same time is exhausting.
"Huh? Oh. Uh, yeah." He glances at the vacated space where he'd been laying before, the perfect little nook in between the couch and Cas' side, and points to it pathetically. "Can I, um—"
At nearly six in the morning, the sun is only starting to think about showing its face. The diner is mostly empty, sparsely populated with a mix of drifters and hospital staff for the nearby pediatric ward. Hospital coffee is probably an upgrade from the shit that's in his mug, but he's not a nurse, so what does he know.
Cas is staring up at him, uncomprehending, because he still doesn't get it, he still doesn't see. Dean's shaking already, sick with himself, sick with how overwhelming all of this feels, that Cas would
The bunker isn't a house, exactly. It feels more like an apartment block, or dorm, or something. Everyone's got their own rooms, the kitchen is big enough to support a full catering staff, and it would be easy to spend three weeks in the archives and still not find every nook and cranny and secret door in the place. Bottom line, it's not hard to find a space to be alone if needed, and it's also the most populated place Dean's ever lived in. Excluding Sonny's, maybe, but that place was never really his. He doesn't need to write his name on a piece of tape and stick it to his headboard to convince everyone his room is his own here, and there's no sign-in sheet at the front door.
Charlie sets her empty down and goes to the fridge. "Like what?"
"I'll leave," Castiel said quietly, glancing at the door. "I don't know when I'll—"
"I didn't give you two permission to slack off," Jody calls amicably as she approaches the truck, and Dean just barely restrains himself from barrel-rolling down the ramp.
Neither of them have the energy for a frenzied make out session, but Dean prefers this slow, languid pace anyway. He circles his arms around Cas' back, one of his hands going up to his hair, and feels Cas settle his weight along his chest until it feels like every part of them is touching. It's hard to even tell where his hands are. All they've done all day is shit like this, lazing around, talking, kissing, and this, Dean thinks, is almost enough to sate him. Nothing less than Cas' full attention, the whole weight of his body bearing down on him, the sensation of his mouth covering his own. Now they just need to do this for fifty years straight, and maybe Dean will finally be able to stand them being in separate rooms without feeling like a chunk has been ripped out of his chest.
"It's—that's not the problem," he says, and it comes out confident, and he knows it's true enough to mean it. "Cas isn't, he's not—" Dean sighs, cutting himself off. Not opening up that can of worms right now. "Whatever. It's not that. I like… I like having sex. With Cas." What an insane statement. He's going to put his head through the wall.
"Um—" He looks down at his hand. Cas had hauled his entire body weight up and out of a straight six-foot drop like it was nothing. It's not like Dean doesn't know the guy is unnaturally strong. Cas has just never used it to pick Dean up before.
"Not every day," Sam said dryly. "Just a lot of days. Our lives are weird. That's not the average hunter experience, though," he assured her. "We're pretty big outliers."
"By forfeiting your duty to fight alongside your men to search for two humans," she snarled at him. "By lying to your second-in-command and retreating to a bunker."
"With the Michael Sword—"
"I'm being serious," Cas says firmly. "Treat this as gravely as you would a crossroads deal."
"I called Cas last night," she says calmly, and a bucket of ice dumps into his veins. "He's on his way into town now."
Theo's hand plunged into his back and began to pull.
"You gotta drink the next round in a few hours," Sam continued, worry creeping into his voice. "Might be easier on an empty stomach."
"This one," he said, pulling a card out of the pile. "Charlie gave me a bunch of these vintage postcards for Christmas. They're from all over the place." He handed it to Castiel.
His head fell to Castiel's shoulder. His breath stuttered out of him, and he rocked faintly on the bed, as if the reality of this had just now hit him, sudden and all at once. It had not struck Castiel yet; he would surely collapse once it did.
He heaves a sigh. "I wanna—wanna ask her out. Wanted to for a while. But I'm afraid that if I do, I'll—I dunno, mess everything up."
"Your boyfriend turned down sex twice, once because you were concussed and your arm was broken, and once because he was about to drive out of state to help your brother," Charlie summarises, brutal and unrelenting. "And you think that, what? You can never ask him for sex again because of that?"
He hears Cas moving around the room on the other end of the line, and a door closes. "
"I can still call him, you know."
"Dean, I'm sorry, I—" He stared off into the lot, listening to something only he could hear, eyes darting around rapidly. "I have to go," he repeated, tone resolute, looking back at Dean. "Now."
The motel is actually pretty sweet. They have a room on the second floor, and if you crouch down really low when looking out the window, you could see a slice of the shoreline in between the buildings and tree coverage. Dean's knee is acting up, so he doesn't, but it's comforting to know the water is so close.
"Are you?" Cas asks, and Dean nods into the palm of his hand as he rubs at his eyes. Cas' foot nudges back, a reassuring pressure for a job well done.
"That can't be right."
"That's different—"
Dean turned towards him. Their knees knocked again, and a thrill went through him when Dean didn't bother to move his leg away. One of his hands was curled in the fabric of his pants, bunched up near the top of his thigh.
"Watch out!" Eileen calls, and Dean looks up from shovelling dirt just as Cas narrowly avoids being thrown into a tree by an incredibly angry, shrieking spirit.
"Dean…."
Cas leans away again, this time to yank Dean's jeans down, and he rocks on the bed from the force of it, head falling back against the mattress, gasping in relief as his erection finally springs free. Cas has got that look on his face again, staring down at Dean's dick, and Dean has to cut him off at the pass. If Cas touches him even once he's not gonna be able to tell him to stop, and no way is he spoiling the main event.
"I know," he says quietly, and he finally seems reachable again, for the first time in what feels like ages. Every fibre of Dean's body—every atom, one might say—aches to touch Cas, to close the distance, but he doesn't. He stands there, wondering what the hell that means. No plan survives contact with the enemy, sure, but it's like the script he spent all day carefully laying out never existed in the first place. His brain is goo. Sappy, mopey, lonely, heartsick goo.
"Jody, slow down." He gets up from his bed, closing his eyes as he waits for the spinning to stop. Maybe the edible last night wasn't such a good idea after all. Dean stumbles towards his door. "Just start from the beginning."
"Do you want a hint?"
The officer nods, pokes at his phone screen a few more times, and then slots it back into that dorky belt holster. When he looks up at Dean, his smile is bright, affable.
"No problem. Oren, blind him," she said then, turning away. "We have to leave."
"I dunno, whatever's on. I don't mind paying for something."
He holds his breath for a long moment, waiting, nose pressed to the ground. When he hears nothing, Dean pushes himself up from the grass, looking around. The ghost is gone, and the grounds of the cemetery are eerily silent in the aftermath, disrupted only by four sets of heavy, uneven breathing.
"Goodnight, Dean."
The only possible benefit to drinking the brown sludge Biggersons brews in their coffee pots is the caffeine boost, which Dean isn't particularly interested in at the moment. He uses his mug as a makeshift space heater instead, wrapping his hands around the chipped ceramic cup and trying not to fall face first into the table.
"Um, actually." She glances down, picking at the label on her bottle. "No, but we kinda just… I don't know. It was really sweet. We made out on my couch and—and we stayed up all night talking. Stevie's…." Her mouth twists, and something protective washes over her face, pride and anticipation in equal measure. "I'm her first girlfriend, and she's still pretty nervous about the whole thing, so we're taking it slow."
He looked over his shoulder at Dean, and his breath caught in his throat. He'd seen Dean in the mornings, of course, before he'd gotten dressed or showered or styled his hair for the day. But it felt different now. It felt remarkable. Castiel knew the origin of the pink mark on Dean's left cheek; he'd been lying on the crease of his pillow case. The irritated skin around his mouth was from kissing last night. And his hair was tousled, not just from sleep but from Castiel's fingers. If he had been able to show Jonah this, perhaps he would have understood sooner.
"I'm gonna hit the hay," Charlie says beside him, passing a smile around to everyone. She fixes Dean with a significant look, then heads for the spare rooms. "Hi, bye, everyone."
About forty-five minutes later, he feels the half marshmallow square she gave him finally start to kick in, and he sags into what is probably the most comfortable couch he's ever had the pleasure of sitting on. The chip bowl lies devastated between them as they watch The Dude agonise over the demise of his rug, and discreetly, Dean pulls his phone out and checks it again, re-reading the last message he got from Cas.
Dean took another sip of his coffee, starting to finally feel halfway human again. Caffeine really was the poor man's cocaine. "You're doing a fantastic job."
By the time they're done, the beer Alex put in the fridge is nice and frosty, so he pulls two bottles out and hands one to Jody. The kitchen is maliciously small, mostly just a hallway with appliances and counters in it, terminating in an alcove that just barely fits a table and two chairs. The sticky window above it is the only thing preventing the eating space from feeling completely claustrophobic.
"How's the room coming together?" Jody asks.
"Whose directives are you following, Jonah?" Castiel asked him that night, after a breadth of silence.
"Wait." Sam frowned as he went to the sink, rinsing out the skillet. "What does D&D have to do with the LARPing fair?"
Hannah was quiet for a moment. "That's good, sir."
Cas looked up, glancing around the room. "The library. I'm closer, at least."
Dean lets his head fall back down on the concrete, gritting his teeth at the sandy, gravelly sound it makes.
Unsure of what he meant, Castiel was content to hold him. Dean's room was cool, cooler than most human beings seemed generally comfortable with. He gathered Dean close, awestruck by the fact that he could do that now, and listened to the steady thrum of his heart and the soft sigh of his breath. He was still strung tight, taut from arousal and likely nerves, and his skin hummed with it. It was a restless sort of excess energy, excitement that he seemed reluctant to fully surrender to.
"Unbelievable." Cas grabs his duffel and slings it over his shoulder, and something cracks inside Dean's chest. A rib, must be.
"What are you doing?"
Yeah, it would take no time at all to get Cas riled enough that he's pinning Dean on the bed and fucking him until his legs stop working. God, he could even pull the "I'm cold, please hold me" routine. Cas likes it when he gets pouty, and Dean's in a pouting mood. It's been weeks since they had sex, and there's a permanent ache low in his belly from it, one that seeps into his thighs and makes his dick ache if he thinks about it for longer than a second. Which he's currently doing. He could have Cas whenever he wanted, as many times as he wanted. He's not in his twenties anymore, but he could go a couple rounds in one night if he put his mind to it.
"So?"
"Something tells me it won't be an issue," she says cryptically, and he frowns at her. "I think he wants it about as badly as you do."
Dean fired off two rounds. The sound was incredibly loud in the confined cell, enough to make the both of them flinch. But Theo was already gone, the air contracting around them in a flutter of wings. He appeared a moment later, in the centre of the cell behind Dean, and wrapped an arm around Dean's neck.
"Nuh-uh, no way. This is still my case." She marks something off on the map on her phone, pausing for a moment to look around. Dean swallows down a sigh of relief at being able to stop for a second, closing his eyes as a weak breeze blows past.
Someone ruins his plans for a nap by sitting him up. He leans into the nearest arm—it's Cas—and gives Cas the privilege of supporting all of Dean's weight. He can hear Cas' breathing where he's slumped against his chest; it's erratic and harsh against his ear.
plays on a vicious loop in his head as the movie progresses. Dean knows how to ask for sex. He'd even argue that he's pretty good at doing exactly that. But the words lodge in his throat, like they always do with Cas. Instead of just asking to have sex like a normal person, he puts on a movie. Instead of saying
Castiel huffed, almost a laugh. "You're not…." He wanted to relax his body, and badly. Adjusting his feet underneath him, he tried to take some of the strain off his arms. "I know the things other angels say about me."
"Oh." He clears his throat, ignoring the inexplicable twinge of disappointment in his chest. "Yeah, why?"
He understood then.
Dean blew out a breath. "Okay," he muttered. "No bars, no talking. We can go into the garage and shoot rats."
"The Michael Sword—"
When they returned to the office, Bobby forced Sam to sit down and drink a Coke while he bandaged his arm. Dean went back to the couch, sitting on the coffee table and watching Cas, rigid with pain, breathe uneven breaths.
crypts of a
It's not even the first time Dean's pulled this. He did it once, a couple months ago, using Dirty Dancing as a thin pretext to make out on the couch. And Cas had been very receptive to that, so there must be something else he's missing.
"Ah, yes." Cas turns the volume down on the television with the remote, so they aren't interrupted by the scream of fighter jets. "Well, my circumstances are a bit peculiar, as you know. And Rowena has lived as a human being longer than any person I'm acquainted with, so I thought she would be the best resource to go to."
Castiel shrugged. "You're good company when you're quiet."
They leave, mom leaves, everyone peaces out until it's just him and Cas and the butterflies in his stomach, with whom he's on a first name basis by this point. The saving grace is that Cas apparently hasn't noticed a damn thing; either that, or he's suddenly become a spectacular liar. Dean figures that maybe, just maybe, some good old fashioned morgue-hopping will quell the teenager-like excitement in his brain that flares up whenever Cas does, well, anything. A long-term solution hasn't yet presented itself, so band-aid solutions will have to do for now.
"You're really that dumb, ain't you?"
"Dean."
He almost asks Cas to come with him. Not to help, he doesn't need help, but because he's feeling real stray-puppy-like and doesn't want Cas to leave. And Cas could use a shower, too. But he's already making his way to the kitchen, and Dean's alone in the library again, so he has to suck it up and be an adult. Like always.
The ghoul kneels in front of him, making him flinch, but there's nowhere for him to retreat to. The arm sporting the cast reaches out and grabs his right knee. Not hard, but its fingers are firm around the joint, and when it jostles his leg, Dean lets out a painful hiss.
If Jonah's body language was any indication, it was very frustrating. Castiel remembered that, at least, and he twinged with sympathy.
"Unless you want to go up there with Cas," she says, her grin turning decidedly shit-eating. His
"Me?"
All it took was a flick of Dean's thumb to unbutton his trousers; another to pull down the zipper and slip his hand inside. Cas was hard and hot against his hand, and Dean felt Cas' fingers dig deep into his biceps at the contact.
"Oh." Dean tries to think back on Cas' behaviour, especially when he'd first given up his mojo, and to his own dismay, he can't recall clocking anything off about him. "Well, you were pretty good at hiding it."
Sex with Cas was a novel experience. He'd fucked men before, and had inexperienced partners, and even had sex with an angel, but this was something else. And he liked it, a lot, despite the frustration. He wanted this to work. But his brain was operating at twenty percent capacity—max—at the moment, and he was struggling to be patient.
But then uncertainty colours Cas' voice when he speaks, and Dean's done it again, made Cas unsure of this whole thing between them. "I'm sorry, I thought our conversations earlier in the kitchen—"
The next set of results offer some much-needed relief, though only because they're even less helpful. A slate of articles pop up, mostly from women detailing their breakups with men who fucked one of their guy friends and realised they were gay. Desperate to find someone more embarrassing than he is, he clicks on a post from Medium and spends the next twelve minutes reading about the author's steadfast conviction that her bisexual boyfriend is actually gay and describing at length why she has to prove this to him as soon as possible.
Dean was reaching for the bottle when he suddenly jerked, retching, and Castiel got him turned towards the toilet just in time for him to vomit again.
Cas shifts a little bit next to him, jostling their arms. "Well, it wasn't…."
Dean grins. "Hey, Sammy."
"What's wrong with him?"
"Honey, you don't look so good," Jody says, and he decides then that he much prefers Charlie's yelling over Jody's concerned mom-voice.
"Nothing's going on," he replies, wincing at how bright the sun is. He should've brought sunglasses. And why the fuck was the grass so green? Corpses don't care about that shit. "You need help, we're here to take care of it. Simple as that."
"Did you just call me a bitch?"
not the other way around." Dean poked him in the chest with the barrel of his pistol for emphasis. "We're not sitting on the bench for this one. Besides, if it's as bad up there as your friend said, you'll need the backup."
Confident they were alone, Castiel split away from Dean to cover more ground. Were he in better shape, he could clear the entire building in a matter of moments. A part of him wondered how the damage to his wings would impact his flight. He'd been hurt before, of course, but nothing like this.
"Whatever."
Charlie sighed and slumped back in her seat, making the papers in front of her rustle. "I'm the reason you feel so shitty."
He understood, too, that it was tempting fate to linger here, so he stood up from the bed. The movement was painful, graceless, but he rose to his full height, and Dean continued to stare at him, silent and inscrutable.
And then, just as suddenly, he was back in his body again, in the shitty guest room in Bobby's house, and his orgasm ripped through him so hard he did exactly what Cas had warned him would happen; he blacked out.
Dean spreads his arms. "Lay it on me. I know you're pissed. I can see it on your face."
Castiel was shaking his head before Dean finished. "I won't survive the flight."
"Dean." She holds out her hand, waving impatiently, and he hands her his empty with a frown. She sets it down on the ground by the door and then opens her arms, shaking her head at his groan. "No. Come on."
"Okay," she says patiently. "What was the fight just before I got here about?"
With his other hand, Castiel grabbed a fistful of Jonah's hair and yanked his head back. Jonah stumbled, threatening to topple them both, but Castiel held fast. "Lend me your Grace, brother," he whispered lovingly, and cut into Jonah's throat.
She snorts. "You're gonna give me fashion advice?"
Castiel's fingers continued to trace across his back, his skin tingling from the brushing, gentle contact.
"Dean?"
Sam's hand clapped Castiel's shoulder, making him look up. "How's he doing?"
To his surprise, Theo responded to him. "You seemed to have a good idea of what Jonah should know," he said lightly, clearly amused. "Enlighten me."
"No," Cas says, his expression carved entirely from marble now. There's no trace of warmth left. "No. You are not making me choose between sex and helping your brother."
Castiel cleared his throat. "He asked me about…." The chains rattled above him as he shifted his feet. "About free will."
Cas looks up, going still. "It's a case, Dean."
and that under no circumstances was this information to be shared with his brother.
"I went to her a while ago asking for advice."
Charlie isn't people though, she's Charlie, and she's probably the only person on Earth who he can talk to about this. That doesn't make the conversation any less excruciating.
Castiel could not repair his wings, not here, not with the time they had. Instead he folded them away, guiding them gently back into the wheeling fold of his Grace, suspended above the flow of spacetime. They were in horrific shape, but they would be safe there, awaiting his own tending. He still wasn't sure if they could be fully reconstructed, at least not to their original glory. Even after he repaired all the damage, they would still be mangled; they would still bear the scars of what Theo had done to them.
"About six weeks," he said with an apologetic twinge of his mouth. "We worked like hell to find you."
When all his other injuries had been repaired, Castiel cupped a gentle hand to the base of Dean's throat. His Grace hummed as the fatal wound was sealed, the blood replenished and the muscle reconstructed. The pulse beneath Dean's jaw stuttered and then set-to, strong and sure, and finally, Dean drew in breath.
not touching his eggs.
Dean ignored him. The door was yanked open, swinging out into the hall, and the doorway filled with Theo. He was breathing raggedly, clothes askew and splotched with blood, though he didn't look injured. He glanced at Castiel, then Dean, and grinned.
"I want you to say what
but he didn't voice it. There was a weariness to him that Dean had never seen before—to his words, to the look in his eyes, to the way he held himself. He knew angels didn't sleep, but he didn't realise they could tire, either.
Jody nods like she understands. "What happens if you do nothing?"
"I owe you
"I disagree."
Jonah pressed the tip of his blade into the concrete, leaning on it. "How did you discover what to do?"
"You still seem upset," he said finally. He didn't know what else to say.
"No! No, I just—I just kissed him—"
He could do that now, if he was very careful; if he held himself close together; if he trusted no one; if he guarded against the wrath mounting inside of him. He would have to commit to perfect judgement, free of vengeance or sympathy. It would, strangely, be close to how he was used to operating, before all of this, before Dean Winchester. He would have to give himself orders, and then he would have to follow them completely.
"Yeah, too much of nothing if you ask me. I should be grilling you about this stuff, anyway, not the other way around." He glances down at her. "How you holding up?"
Cas' mouth curls in amusement. "And is that what you did with Bobby? Mellow out?"
"Evening, officer," he says coolly, standing up and flashing a smile as he reslings his bag over his shoulder. "I'm with Sheriff Mills. She asked me to do an additional sweep of the grounds."
A surge of pride swelled within him, and he promptly squashed it before it could germinate. Castiel allowed himself a smile, though. "I don't want to give the impression that you're simply a resource in my war in Heaven. It's not why I come to Earth to seek out your company, and it's not why I will return here—whenever that may be." He nodded to Dean's clothes and things on the floor, to the weapons lying next to them. "I am not the common vampires you hunt."
She pauses again, and the silence on the line crackles. "
Dean doesn't know how to respond to that with anything more insightful than
"I'm sorry, man," he says earnestly, the words tumbling out of him, thick and rough. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry you have to—to put up with me all the time. This should be easier than it is."
He can hear movement in the kitchen, hushed whispers and the covert clatter of glasses. Jody and Charlie and Claire are all trying to give them space; they're also definitely trying to eavesdrop. May as well put on a show.
"Cas—"
my fault. I let him get turned on purpose to help us track down this alpha we were hunting."
Jesus.
"Let me find it," he muttered, his hands full of postcards. The small gap between them on the mattress was gone now; their thighs brushed together, and Castiel forced himself to pay attention to the shuffling movement of Dean's fingers.
"I said sorry for that!"
"Yeah, I did," she says, completely unrepentant. "Seeing as he's the one who actually asked for my help in the first place."
"I'm not sure," he said, glad he could speak truthfully again. "I am capable of returning to the barracks, but I am vulnerable, and I don't know how many more of my men are agents of Raphael. If I am betrayed a second time, I could very easily die."
"Against you, you mean," Hannah corrected.
"Maybe—" He coughs, clears his throat. "Maybe I can—can I get your advice on something?"
"The guys were pretty thorough around here. I don't see much of… Dean?"
"Separately." Charlie looks at her beer like she's hoping to find the number of someone less insane that she can speak to. Christ, she hasn't even been here for twelve hours. He's going to die. "So," she hums finally, "you want to have sex. Cas, I'm assuming, also wants to have sex, if he's doing all this supposed staring. And you didn't have a fight that would stop you from having sex. But you aren't having sex."
Dean divides up the bacon and eggs onto two plates, grabs some utensils and napkins, and carries them over to the breakfast table, sitting down across from Cas. Better if they're facing each other while they talk, he thinks, feeling his stomach flutter.
Buckle undone, he cupped his hand between Cas' legs, over his pants, and felt his entire body tense up even more. A hand wrapped around Dean's wrist—not to pull him away, but to steady him, to hold him still.
Christ, he didn't even bring Dad's journal. It's still in the trunk. Can't look through that, either.
The kiss turns into a few more, and then some more, until the pretense of conversation is abandoned entirely. Cas is apparently deadly serious about banking some practice sessions, and Dean is nothing if not a willing and enthusiastic teacher.
"Not funny," he says hurriedly, mentally kicking himself. Really awesome romantic conversation starter. "I mean like—you have the table manners of, like, Rose."
Cas whirls around, glaring at him. "Dean."
I joined you and not Bartholomew, or Malachi, or Rebecca, is because of your methodology, Castiel." She walked back over to him, agitated again. "If I disagree with how you conduct yourself, then—"
"Your turn," Cas tells him, mouth twitching.
"My what?"
There's about a dozen different ways for him to process what she just said, and he latches on to the last one, feeling something trip up inside his brain in a major way. "That's—that's good," he says, sounding like he's a second away from stroking out, and Charlie gives him an odd look.
Castiel nodded. "That is the first step."
"Then act like it," she says firmly, but it's in a loving tone, the kind he's heard her use on the girls. "Because if you pull a stunt like that again and get one of my girls hurt, I
He looks up from their duffels as Charlie gets out of the car and strides over to him. Dean braces for whatever is coming his way; a punch, perhaps, but Charlie just stops in front of him.
He plucks the cigarette from her fingers, and she gawks at him.
"Found him!" Claire calls over her shoulder, and he catches a harsh impression of bruises across her face before she turns to face him again. She gives him a grin. "Hey, dumbass."
"Rose," Cas repeats, uncomprehending.
"It's made me re-evaluate what's going on between us," Cas continues, and Dean realises then that he was right after all. This is the other shoe dropping. He feels an intense and sudden kinship to Cas' collapsing planter.
Cas lets out a soft groan. "That feels good."
He hits enter, bracing himself.
"Uh, they're like vamp bombs. Ketch called them anti-vampire devices." She offers a weak smile. "They release a toxic gas that kills vamps. They're pretty good."
Dean doesn't care about that topic so he tunes it out. He closes his eyes instead, concentrating on the warmth of Cas' palm on his chest. God, his hands are so large… large and strong….
"No, but—I'll give you that one," Cas concedes, laughter lingering in his voice. "You win."
"I also told you that I would give you the space to figure out what exactly it was that you wanted out of this relationship," Cas continues, tone making it clear that he's trying very hard not to sound rude.
"Dean. Stop." The bed dips again, and he can finally see Cas. He's even more beautiful than before. "I'm not going anywhere."
Gravity and exhaustion worked against him, and it barely took Dean anything to get him back onto the ground. He set him carefully on the concrete before retrieving his pistol and levelling it at the door, bracing his feet wide in a defensive stance.
The 'garden centre' Cas takes them to turns out to be one of those summer pop-up sites built on top of an empty brownfield. It's an impressive set-up for a seasonal thing; steel shelving units laden with potted flowers frame the entrance, and beyond those is a busy section dedicated to herbs and small vegetables, all piled on top of those collapsible event tables. The rest of the lot, towards the back, is covered with a sprawling steel overhang frame, grated to allow for hanging baskets and a hose system. There's a boxed-in cashier's area in the middle of it, brandishing a sign that says CASH & DEBIT ONLY, and the woman manning the counter looks pleasantly bored with her job.
"This can stop, Castiel," Jonah told him, "all you have to do is tell me where Metatron is."
Dean laughs and takes another sip of his beer. He tries to figure out a way not to sound too invested in their previous topic of conversation, but he can't let it go.
He's really starting to get tired of waking up in random places. It's not something that's happened to him in a while—even longer if he discounts the vamp attack in Virginia. And he is very much not in his twenties anymore. He doesn't bounce back from these situations so much as he claws his way out of them.
"Excuse me?"
"Well so did you," Dean shoots back.
"Once I clean up your little mess upstairs," Theo whispered, close enough that his breath blew on Castiel's skin, "you'll answer my questions."
"Um," he clears his throat. Cas looks up at him, and he suppresses a flinch. "I'm pretty beat, too, so—"
"Hello," he said politely, glancing around the room. He didn't look like he was searching for anything in particular, but there was still a disappointed tug of his brow at whatever he found.
"In here," he heard from deeper inside the house, and Dean cut through the kitchen to get to Bobby's office. On the bottom of the fridge door was an Enochian sigil drawn messily in blood, and he ignored how shaky and desperate the strokes looked as he ducked past.
Castiel's hands tightened to fists in his lap as he swallowed down the dryness in his throat. "You need to drink more water."
"You can hide from them," Castiel reasoned. "You can slip away—"
"And you're babysitting me," Dean continued. The suit jacket was pinned under him, uncomfortable now, and he shuffled awkwardly to pull it away. "Sam can do all this, you know. He's done it before."
"It would kill me," Castiel told him, feeling his eyelids droop. "And I wouldn't…."
"No, yeah, it's not, I got you," he says quietly, and runs a hand over his face. "It's just, um, it's just a surprise, that's all. Not bad," he hurries to explain, letting out a nervous laugh. "Just. You know."
"Same thing that happened to you," he said, and looked over at the dead angel.
Dean shrugged. "I wasn't. Close the door."
"I'm wearing sunglasses indoors."
"Prevents angels from zapping in here or seeing Cas."
"You're getting pushy, you know," she tells him, but she's smiling as he finishes off the cigarette.
Theo tightened his arm around Dean's neck. The vessel Theo inhabited had broad features, and a horrific looking cut across his face, the scar tissue pale and old. "What do you say?"
"Her mood's finally improving," he mutters.
"I have full command of my men," he said after a long pause. "Not Dean, not Sam."
scared of heights?" Jody asks, watching him in amusement. "Will wonders never cease."
He's saved from reacting normally to Cas' gentle smile when the waitress comes by to check on them. She offers a perfunctory uptick of her mouth, which quickly turns to a frown when she sees the stack of menus she handed them are still in a pile in the middle of the table.
"If you buy it from a CVS, it's old man beer," Claire informs him, and then leaves without so much as a second glance, her flawless logic lingering in the air. A moment later, the sound of a bed frame being moved across a floor fills the silence.
"Don't you have more important places to be?" Dean asked as Castiel helped him with the covers.
"That's nice."
"You said there was a way I could help," he continued. He was leaning awkwardly over the bed, half-standing, a palm braced by Castiel's hip. "How?"
"We aren't letting you walk around with an open wound in your gut," Dean told him. "Stop bitching and keep still."
"Dean."
"Can't imagine that." Their shoulders brushed, and Dean shivered as a bead of sweat travelled down his temple. It was warm outside despite the time of year, but in the shade it was cool. "Jacking off works too, you know."
It's weird, actually, how normal this all feels. It certainly isn't what qualifies as "normal" for Dean; being this domestic is about as foreign to him as outer space. But they have a routine going. He gets his eight hours of shut-eye each night. Cas is sleeping in his bed again, though he still makes sure to leave room for Jesus. So, okay, maybe not totally normal. But they're good. His fuck-up has been both forgiven and forgotten, and they're back to where they were before. He keeps waiting for something bad to happen, some new catastrophe to deal with that'll put them at odds again. He's careful about what he says, probably more than he ever has been in his life, so if something
"I'm not saying it as an insult." He looked down at his hands again, trying to find the correct thing to say. "You're angry that I left suddenly, that I have been gone for weeks. That I have not answered your prayers."
Charlie had coffee, too, though she wasn't taking baby sips. "Not before your character is finished."
Dean glances down at his watch. The tiny glow-in-the-dark hands stretch well past midnight; more importantly, it's been twelve minutes since he last clicked into the channel. He smiles and thumbs the receiver. "Sorry. Got distracted."
He looked at Sam, then Charlie. "I didn't know it was this bad."
"Wasn't for a while, but yeah." Dean rubs the tread of his boot against the ramp, listening to it squeak on the wet steel. "Jody's not a hardass like my dad was, though. Or not in the same way, anyway." He offers Cas a perfunctory smile. "She'll get over it."
"Then prove it, Dean, and take care of yourself. Otherwise…." Jody shakes her head, and there's a faraway look on her face. "I don't want to bury any more family."
"Yeah. They usually stick to dead people, but we salted and burned a lot of the bodies in Sioux Falls' cemeteries when… you know, that whole walking dead thing happened." He winces. "They're probably hard up for food, walking around looking for a meal. They shapeshift into whoever they ate last, so one of them probably snacked on her husband's corpse and then went looking for her. Keep an eye out for Mariam in the next few days, it's probably wearing her face as its new get-up."
Dean got two forkfuls of home fries into him before his stomach started doing weird shit again. Abandoning his plate on the table, he retrieved another water bottle from the mini fridge in the library and sipped at it miserably while Charlie explained cantrips to him.
"I thought that was a flick-of-your-fingers kinda thing."
"How's Claire been with you?" She'd been grumpy all morning, though Dean figures that's mostly on account of her being forced to wake up at dawn.
Then there's the other stuff. He's supposed to set boundaries; tell his side of the story, set the facts straight so Cas knows to just be pissed off at him for shit that's actually his fault. Only fools represent themselves in court, but Sam never passed the bar, and he doesn't have a lot of enthusiastic counsel in his corner these days, so he'll have to make do.
He shifted his weight to the other foot, wincing at how tight his jeans were, and swore again. His only options were to give himself the worst case of blue balls he'd had in years, or jack off in Bobby's salvage yard, and it was hard to decide which was the worse option.
Charlie may not have any siblings, but she sure as hell knows how to behave like one. He's not taking the bait, though. Instead he adjusts his sling and turns back to the movie, wrinkling his nose at the smell.
hard, even after he brought up Metatron. There's gotta be a medal for that.
"Dean."
"You mean will I be pissed at you if you ghost me for another month?" Dean asked with a grin. "Maybe. But I know you have a war to fight. So just—be careful. And come find me if you get hurt again. I got a nice juicy soul you can tickle."
"I'm crashing here for a bit," she tells him. "Since I was up all night looking for you, and then drove for half the day, I'm kind of exhausted."
"Dean…." Jody sighs. It's a sigh he's heard before, from Bobby, from Ellen, from anyone who thinks they have a moral obligation to knock some sense into his head. Boat's long gone on that one. "I know you had a… a rough childhood, from what you've told me. But Alex isn't Sam. She needs to do this." Jody touches his arm to get his attention. "It'll be okay. I believe that."
"You can fix them, can't you?"
Inside the apartment, Alex is arranging boxes into neat piles, trying not to get in the way of the furniture. She smiles when she sees them and points them down the hall towards the bedroom.
"You're welcome."
well, neither of them have gotten laid in a few months and, well, he just cleaned his room. He still has his cast on, which is annoying, but he's not about to hold off on sleeping with Cas if that's all that's in the way.
"I only healed Sam."
"You tried to bite Charlie in the warehouse." Sam gestured to the bed of the trunk as Castiel hauled Dean next to the car, frowning. He ducked his head to wipe the blood from his nose on his jacket sleeve, then nudged Dean forward.
"Yes," Cas hums, and relieves Dean of the glorious burden of talking. "As I mentioned, it was a good distraction. I stuck with woodworking at first, because I was afraid I would kill anything I attempted to grow, but Rowena convinced me otherwise."
Castiel moved against his restraints. All it resulted in was a clink of metal. "Someone will come for him."
Cas folds their hands together. He's incredibly warm, the kind of warm you get from spending time in the sun. He must've come right from the roof. The whole room smells like freshly cut wood, of warm skin and faint sweat. Christ, he must have set a reminder or something on his phone.
Also, it’s been a few years since I’ve spoken any ASL. I’ve done my best with the grammar, but I’m absolutely open to corrections if there’s something off. Balancing what signs Dean would realistically know (which is very few) vs actually depicting them in the fic has been a bit of a challenge, but again, I welcome corrections and critique if you have any!
"It's okay if you feel that way," she says gently, her expression turning kind, and Dean absolutely cannot be dealing with this right now. "Not that it's a good thing, or anything, but it's pretty common. And if Cas is the first time you've—"
"I don't know how to do that."
"Cas?"
"It's hard to fuck you if you've got a huge gouge in your stomach," Dean interrupted him, mouth twitching. "So let's fix you up, and then we can get back to it."
"What? You're not gay?"
"No sweat," Dean said. His fingers came up under Castiel's jaw, and he turned in time to catch Dean's mouth.
He probably shouldn't put on porn. That would be weird. He's never watched porn with anyone before, and Cas is not the person to pick up that habit with. So, Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss in leather it is. Not the worst thing in the world.
Dean flattens himself against one of the walls of the crypts, just in case any cops are still around, though he can't see any. His cast itches like crazy, and his arm is starting to really hurt from using it so much. He isn't sure when exactly he turned into such a massive baby, but it probably has to do with all the recent coddling he's had to endure. Subconscious bias, or Pavlov, or whatever it was.
He wants to ask about the case. It's not that he doesn't remember charging the warehouse, machetes swinging, but he can't figure out the ending. He got got, which is obvious, but he doesn't remember the hit. That's probably bad. A vamp snuck up on him, almost ended his life, and he can't even recall the guy's face. Or girl's. He doesn't discriminate. Equal opportunity for all who wish to gank Dean Winchester most brutally, a promise you can take to the bank.
Cas looks unconvinced, but he smiles anyway. "Good."
Cas is a total wreck afterwards, and Dean has to clean the both of them up while he recovers. No one could ever accuse him of not knowing what he's doing—the shower is a most strategic venue for all things indecent, and he's thrilled to finally be using it with another person. Cleaning up his own messes in here was really starting to wear on him.
"Uh, no. Not for a couple months. Worst of it's passed, I think." He sipped at his tea again. "I'm mostly just—I don't know. I get this fog sometimes, like I can't focus on what I'm doing. But I'm good, Cas," he added, smiling at him. "You don't need to worry about me."
"You can't see the—the glowy? Thing? The light?" He gestured at the injury. Sam's frown deepened, and when he looked at Bobby, he only shook his head.
Cas sits there quietly, not touching his food. "Not quite," he says with a slight smile. "But I didn't secure the bottom of one of the standing planters properly, and it's starting to fall out now that I filled it with soil. A few of the screws have shredded down the legs."
"Prophecy failed," Castiel said hoarsely. "That was enough to plant doubt in our siblings' minds. And if that was wrong… perhaps other parts of Heaven were in need of reordering as well."
It's nearly four in the morning when Sam finally reports a sighting in his section of the cemetery and tells them all to hightail it his way, and Dean is once again thankful that they aren't doing this as a two-person team.
"You can't be trusted in the backseat," he replied calmly, shoving Dean towards the Impala. Sam was making room in the trunk, passing Charlie the two duffels stashed in there, which she deposited in the back seat. He also had a jug of vampire blood sitting on the pavement, the cap already crusting as it dried.
Dean's head lolls back against the pillow, mouth hanging open, trying not to lose it again. He doesn't exactly know what his problem is, but this is seriously pushing him to his limits. He can't remember the last time he lost his head this bad in bed, and Cas has barely done anything to him. It makes something deep inside him quake in anticipation.
"Did you guys have a fight or something? You were pretty, uh, tense when I showed up."
"What else is there to discuss, Dean?"
He offers to be on clean-up duty afterwards, feeling somewhat guilty for how comparatively easy he got off with chores today, and Cas screws it all up by offering to help.
"I know!" He's shaky on his feet, which he blames wholly on the concussion, and wonders if he needs to start waving a white flag around. "I know," he says again, softer this time, and braces his good hand on the table. "And you've—you're being helpful. Really helpful. But I just… can we just watch a movie? Or something? Or your game, twilight whatever?"
"You guys haven't had sex in
"No." Cas sounds almost disappointed at the shitty guess. They're both better than this.
"Water would be great. I spilled the—the bottle." He pointed at the plastic bottle on the ground, the tile wet around it. "Stupid cap."
Castiel had told Jonah, weeks ago.
Sam sighed. "Dean—"
"It's possible. I've done it many times, as have our siblings."
Dean shrugged. "Well D&D is kinda like that, but cooler. And you get to sit down while you play," he added, working a finger under his sunglasses to rub at his eyes. "It's fun. You should play with us, but you have to ask Charlie how the character stuff works."
"Hey, Jody."
Dean was speaking, he registered too late, and forced himself from his thoughts. "… know how to describe it," Dean said, and smiled up at him. The expression was shaky—not because it was insincere, but because he still seemed to be processing what had happened.
Jody pauses. He can hear paper ruffling. "
"And followed orders from somebody besides God."
"Hey." He squinted. "I was watching that."
"Middle row, top shelf," he tells her. "And—it's good. I think we're cool."
Mary gives him an incredulous look, and he grins back at her. "It sucked, if that's what you're waiting for," he tells her, and she laughs as she passes him the cigarette back. "I barely got two hits out of it. Coughed so hard I threw up. God, it was awful."
"You healed both of us. And you look—uh." He gestured at him. "You look like you've been through some stuff."
"Don't what?"
Dean doesn't come back to the den again after that. He learned his lesson.
His heart is doing funky things again. "Who's that?"
He risks another glance in her direction. "Did I what?"
"Okay," he says for some reason, and Cas' hand goes back to his hair, soothing him, which does help a lot. Dean's still floating somewhere in the gravitational orbit of Venus, but he's calmer now.
beat like a drum in his head, and he's gonna break the edge of the table. "Please calm down—"
"Guess so," Sam says distractedly, tossing a shovel full of chunky dirt next to his feet. The clods break apart where they land on the ground. "She was the one I was betting on."
She offered a smile, calm in the way only reapers could be. "Hello, Castiel."
That comment made Jonah's head swivel in Castiel's direction, so he kept talking. "He is petty," he told Jonah. "And vain. He dislikes being sneered at, and feels persecuted by many of his siblings. That might be reason enough."
Dean's unease deepened as they moved down the hall. "Yeah, unless they see or hear him."
"Cas?" Dean's fingers brushed the hand Castiel still on his arm, staring at him expectantly. Right. He had asked a question.
Sam said nothing, watching Castiel string Dean's boots together. It was easy to catch the edge in Dean's voice—concern for his brother tainted by something angry and volatile.
"You're gonna be hurling it up again in like two hours."
But there was one more thing he had to attend to first.
Dean is confident in declaring that he will never enjoy flying. However, this whole floating business is something he could definitely get used to.
Cas let out a slow breath, but after a moment, he nodded. "It's an incredibly selfish thing to want."
All at once the heat drains from Cas' face. He grabs Dean's arms, putting a middle school dance's worth of distance between them, and Dean's the coldest he's ever been in his life without the warmth of Cas' body.
"You are funny," it says again, tilting its head as it appraises him. The mimic isn't as good as he thought, after all. He wants to correct the guy on his mannerisms, because that's not how he moves, but that isn't going to help his case. "We're in the sewers."
He needed desperately to return to Heaven. He could, if needed, do so now. What he told the men downstairs was not a lie; he would not die from his wound. It would take what little reserves of energy he had left to him, but he was capable of pressing forward, should he be called upon. And he
The breath stuttered out of him, back heaving beneath his rumpled shirt. Castiel could see the faint indentations of his spine, a sturdy column of bone that terminated at the collar of his t-shirt. Dean's throat bobbed.
She rolls her eyes. "Fire away, then."
"I always found your sparse sleeping schedule impressive," Cas mumbles into the blanket. "Now it seems impossible."
"Yeah," he sighs, "a break is good."
Dean nods, shoving more bacon into his mouth. "I can bring my car jack up to the roof after, use it to hold the bottom up while you screw it back in place."
"I think so, yeah," she says earnestly, and her mouth twitches, like she's trying not to smile too big. "Stevie's got work stuff, so she couldn't come. It's too early to show her all—this, anyway." She gestures around them.
They cleared four more rooms, all empty. The building hadn't been in use for a while—dust collected along the floors, and drop ceiling tiles hung haphazardly from their frames. The angel scouts had tracked footprints everywhere, making it difficult to tell if Sam had been on this floor.
"Hacked into my employer's private server because you guys told me he was an evil cannibal demon thing," she finished for him.
"He wasn't even there." Hannah looked at him. "And you—"
"Why not?"
"Sucks getting your clothes wet, though," Dean murmurs.
"I'll wake you," Castiel had assured him. Satisfied, Sam had stumbled towards the sleeping quarters with Charlie, mumbling a vague thank you before departing.
Dean pulled the collar of his jacket down, squinting from the sun, and saw Cas filling the doorway. The sight of him was a cold slap to the face; he looked exhausted, defeated.
Dean turns his attention to his lasagna so he doesn't burn a hole in the side of Cas' head. He has to chill out, play it cool. Cas is sure to make the first move when he's ready, and
"It is my duty," Jonah said immediately, more sure of himself now. There was comfort in being commanded by another, and Castiel still missed it sometimes. Not right now, of course—but sometimes.
"I know that. But you were helping Sam—"
"That isn't allowed."
"This one is too recent to be a good example," he continued, gesturing to the postcard, "but yes. The wheels of some angels look more like arches to human eyes."
"Cas," Dean murmured, voice rough with apology. He was close now; the warmth radiated off his body like a small sun. "I'm gonna get you down."
"It's complicated to explain," Cas says, setting his phone down. "But Enchocian, when written in blood at least, is incredibly powerful. It distorts spacetime around it in order to communicate with the Host. Taking photographs of it tends not to work well, which is why I need Sam to transcribe it first, though that's much more tedious."
if he was feeling that way, but he tries to shove that down. He's not ruining his good mood, not when he just got back on speaking terms with Cas.
"And?" He watches her go over to one of the cupboards and pull out a bag of chips, then starts searching for a bowl.
Dean jerks up, dropping his phone on the table and spotting Charlie in the doorway. He must be giving her a deer-in-the-headlights look, because she raises her hands in surrender. "I come in peace," she assures him, taking a few careful steps into the room like he's a frightened animal. "So?"
"Why do you keep saying wh—"
"And almost got yourself killed."
There's one lead that comes up, but Eileen immediately calls dibs on it, and after hearing about the details of the case, Dean isn't in any hurry to protest.
He smiled at him. "You too, Sam. How long have I been in here?"
He braces his good hand on his knee, leaning forward and taking deep breaths. He should've brought a water bottle with him. And sunglasses. And worn a lighter shirt.
Cas doesn't look up. He's holding a little travel bag with toothpaste and deodorant in it, looking for a good pocket to slip it into. "No, but you do need someone to look after you."
Dean scratches at the cast on his arm and feels Cas grab his wrist to stop him. "Are you hungry?"
Dean's knuckles go white under the grip of the wheel. "I spy, with my little eye, something that is blue."
Dean snorts. "No you weren't."
"Your angels follow their orders," Theo continued.
Adrenaline still hopping, Cas gives him a sheepish, amused glance that makes him forget how fucking cold it is for a second. "Sorry. She was coming towards you both."
Hannah stood there, obstinate, unmoving. He could see, in real time, that he was losing her. He knew he should care more. But his mouth was still tingling from when Dean had kissed him, and he was not strong enough to ignore it any longer.
"Yes," he said with a frown. "Why?"
He could feel his Grace humming from the simple contact of their hands. Castiel would have preferred to press closer—to gather Dean into his arms until there was no part of them that was not touching. The intensity of it surprised him; how quickly he became greedy for more, how inadequate even this much already felt. He'd waited over four years for something as simple as this, and now it was as if the floodgates had opened. But Castiel was good at forcing himself to be content with less when it came to Dean. He understood that he had to be patient; he understood that it was worth it. So he held onto his hand, and he asked Dean pointless questions, and felt all of himself sing as he listened to Dean's soft, easy words, spoken only for him to hear them.
