Thor and Odin roared in unison, as their knots formed, their omega howling through the exquisite agony of being stretched and filled, as they’re cum flooded her passage and found its way to her womb, the Alphas bonding marks glowed gold.
With a final tug the remaining slick coated beads slid out, the weight of the beads pulled the others from his pussy so the whole chain of crystals hung from his cock piercing.  Any pleasure he had felt was replaced by the pain of his caged cock being dragged down by the heavy weight of the beads swinging from his prince Albert.  Biting his lip he stayed silent as Winter unclipped the beads, placing them in one of the many pockets of his combat trousers.
“Good boy now open your mouth, time to for your gag to be fitted.  There we go, now let me just attach your leash and we are ready to take you to your lab space.”
With his stomach growling and demanding food, he crawled out of the covers, to see what was for breakfast. Thankfully, the sun was now shining, no trace of the ice and snowstorm of the previous night.  He didn’t bother clearing the table, it would be gone by lunchtime, replaced with fresh food.
Steve’s hands start to massage his stomach pressing down on the water filled mound and it’s all Tony can do to not cry out as the increased pressure sends shooting pains through his stomach and his ass clamps down on the plug.
Steve couldn’t get enough of the soft, needy mewls falling from Tony’s lips as he gently massaged his prostrate, his finger filling the tight slick filled channel.  He would need to start Tony on the first of the set of butt plugs he had commissioned especially for him, by the time they were ready to consummate their mating his omega should be able to accommodate the length and girth of his large cock.
“No way, l am an Alpha and CEO, it’s more likely to be me doling out the punishments to those idiots in R&D who are always blowing things up and disrupting the running of the building.”
Tony hated every moment of the walk up the red carpet, even though Steve’s arm never left his shoulders and he had been told not to speak to any of the press, the sheer weight of noise and the flash of cameras had him shaking and to his utter mortification he could feel warm wetness soaking his pull-up.  Trembling and teary eyed he allowed Steve to usher him through the double doors into the lobby.
*********************************************************************************************************************************************
Stomach rumbling with hunger once again he sucked down the cum shake but it was getting to be a poor excuse for the real thing.  The supplementary omega meal replacements and shake only now took the edge of his hunger and craving for his Alphas cum.  The doctors had informed Steve and Winter that no more than 10 days of separation was medically advisable during the early stages of his pregnancy and definitely no more than 2 days after the three month mark.
“ Steve, l’m really sorry to have to tell you this, but this Journal is a in-depth documentation of all the experiments and brutal training that went into turning Bucky firstly into the Winter Soldier and then ten years ago into the Winter Wolf.”
“Pepper take a seat, because of your poor behaviour we are now two hours behind with these potential contracts, the contracts in this first folder are for the Military, automatic handheld weapons, guidance systems and missiles, to begin with.  These just need our signatures, the blueprints are already out of Tony’s personal vault, R&D will check them over and sign them off for production.
Tony soon got used to a naked Pepper being fucked and disciplined around the Penthouse floor.  He was fascinated by her big breasts that seemed to appear over the course of a couple of days, and when in his little headspace needed very little encouragement to latch on and suckle after the first few times.  Her milk tasted amazing and filled him up, Sir ordered him to latch on when he was older as well, and though he found it strange and embarrassing he did as he was told, not wanting to risk a spanking. Eventually it became the norm and he even enjoyed the comfort of it when Steve was busy working, the added bonus was he didn’t have to remember to eat as he could drink his fill and Sir wouldn’t be mad at him.
He didn’t know why he had been so bothered about his dress, so when Bucky sat him on the table and undid the ribbon holding the top of the dress closed, he just wriggled his arms free and raised his backside off the table, allowing him to pull the dress down and off him.  He felt hands pushing him down, holding him against the table as Bucky lathes his nipples, sucking and biting until he is whining and begging him to stop.
Steve watched Winter pace round the confines of his cage, flexing his new metal arm, bringing it up to his nose and inhaling the lingering sweet scent of Tony Pup.   He stared as Winter stroked his cock through the material of his cargo trousers, when that wasn’t enough, he dragged his cock out, fisting it until his cum spurted all over his hand.
Odin watches as Loki writhes and begs to be to cum, body splayed beneath him as he forces his knot into his tight cunt.  He ignored the pleas; tonight, is about what he wants and has waited hundreds of years for.  He forces bruised thighs further apart so he can pinch and twist Loki’s long clit as he waits for his knot to go down. He grabs hold of Loki’s caged cock and gives it a firm tug, enjoying the hiss of pain and the involuntary clenching of Loki’s cunt around his cock.
Tony was starting to believe that Stella was in fact an escaped patient from the psychiatric ward pretending to be a nurse, and what the hell was an ‘O’ boy? And why did she seem to think he was one. Panic began to set in as his skin started to tingle and heat, his heart rate quickened and try as he might he couldn’t find his voice to shout out for help, tears spilled down his cheeks and a sob escaped.
“Dirty cum dump, look at the mess you have made, any other day and you would have to lick that mess up and clean the window with your tongue, but since you have shown some intelligence today l am going to reward you with two hours of crate time.
The physical changes to Tony’s body were becoming more pronounced now that the bond had fully formed and had settled into place.
Steve dragged him off his cock, and bent him over the side of the bed, he could feel Steve’s thumbs hooking his hole wide open, as fingers dug into his cheeks. His breath was totally knocked out of him as Steve slammed into him, rutting wildly, his cock pounding against his prostrate with each thrust.  He scrambled to hold on, to drag himself on to the bed away from the harsh strokes but Steve pinned him down with one hand, his strength making it impossible for Tony to move.
There was no gentleness in his taking of her, the silk dress ripped like tissue paper, he pushed her down onto the table and as with Darcy he made her hold her knees wide open, so he could slam into her cunt with one brutal thrust, when she wailed and thrashed beneath him, he just pinned her down with his weight and sucked bruises into her small  breasts as he forced his cock deeper into her cunt, her tight walls massaging his cock as he painted her insides with his release.
Well time to sucker Steve, if he wanted Tony to be little boy then far be it from him to deny his darling husband what he wanted!
“Sweetheart there is no need to be embarrassed, it is a good sign that your body is letting you know that you are hungry.  Come on let’s get you sitting up so that you can enjoy a slice of the cake that Natasha has baked especially for you.”
“Gentlemen I believe you will both be extremely happy with the results that I have here.  Congratulations Alpha Rogers and Alpha Winter you are both going to be the fathers of twin boys.  It is absolutely remarkable that this has occurred, I have never heard of it happening before, you are both extremely blessed that your omega is so fertile and can conceive using your sperm at the same time.  I would hazard an opinion that it could be because of the super soldier serum, I would suggest that you allow Dr Banner to research this and if there is any of Dr Erskine and Howard Stark’s research material that has survived it would be wise to study it to see if there are going to be any other effects.”
Steve threw his leg over Tony’s thrashing legs, reaching round he grabbed hold of his little one’s small ringed cock,
Steve abruptly came back to consciousness when Bucky’s metal hand connected with his backside, there was hardly any time to take a breath between the smacks that rained down on him.  The pain radiating throughout his body, with each heavy thud, it seemed never ending as he screamed into the pillow, he tried to wriggle away but Bucky dragged him back, spinning him onto his back, straddling him and pinning him to the mattress.
“Yea, Dr Banner, you say that you are going to be removing sections of bones from Tony’s arms and legs to regrow his sternum as extremis with reject animal bone, will the bones in his limbs regenerate back to the same size?”
Steve and Winter stood side by side, never once taking their eyes of their omega, when his heart stopped and they felt the bond break, both snarled and left heading to the gym to beat the crap out of each other until they had both got a hold on their emotions and the chance of falling into a feral rage had dissipated.  The remaining Avengers kept watch as was previously requested, Loki joining them once Thor had bid him bring refreshment once the Pack Alphas had returned.
I would suggest that whilst he is sleeping off the effects of his time in the Cradle you bring the babies down so they can scent bond again and latch on to his nipples to help stimulate his milk production, this will induce his nesting and breeding instincts along with awakening his need to bond to with his Alphas.
The meeting went as planned with the President, Steve and Winter tag teamed BB’s mouth so that she was weeping with pain and exhaustion be the end of the meeting.  Winter was almost sure they had dislocated her jaw when they both fucked her mouth at the same time, they tended to forget that not every omega was enhanced like Tony.
Lunchtime saw him lead his newly bonded omega into the dining room, by a thin chain leash attached to his nose ring.  He had him naked and plugged, rings through the base of each nipple, clit and pussy lips fully pierced with a row of rings.
Sated Steve lay with Bucky hands and legs tangled together, this was just about perfect, he had Bucky by his side and his pregnant omega fucked out and asleep nearby.  He just needed to speak to Bucky about bonding with Tony.
Now he needed to put into action his plans for Steve, Tony and the kids.  The other Avengers were not a problem, they all lived and worked out of the Compound.  Hawkeye had retired last year and move back to his farm, not wanting to go on missions without Natasha.   The only residents of the Tower were himself, Steve, Tony and the two pups
With regards to his age regression, it will be a work in progress.  It appears that he is vacillating between a bratty teenager and a young boy at this time.  It may be that he will never age down further due to the trauma of his attack, so you will need to decide if you can accept that or would want to seek further therapy for Tony.
“Such a stubby baby cock with its shiny ring, never going to be able to stick that in anything ever again.  When we breed you again it will get even smaller, then it really would be just a big juicy clit.
Winter tried to withdraw into a small corner of his mind and let Armless take over, but felt a searing pain when he tried, Armless was not going to be left alone, Winter would have to suffer his fate for many years before he would be allowed to fade away.
Reality hit, he was naked and chained, pregnant and bonded and being ducked by an oblivious dickhead Steve.  Then he realized the croaky string of fucks was coming from him, his throat ached and his mouth was bone dry, but the muzzle was gone, it had worked, Steve had come close to fucking the life out of him, his weight on his back making it near impossible for him to breathe and the sensors he assumes are in the muzzle had recognized that he was suffocating and had deactivated the muzzle.
At the end of wick with everything she stormed towards the salon doors, intent on getting Happy to drive her back to her apartment.
“Hulk going to make Daisy Milk Cow all clean and pretty on the outside now, so he can play with her giant udders.”
Tony cried tears of frustration, he wanted to scream at Steve for being so dense, but he also wanted his Alpha to come and take him away, he didn’t want the complications that come with this whole situation, he didn’t want to go back to being seen as the fixer of everything, the pressure was exhausting, the work never ending and now that he knew that Steve was capable of giving into his alpha instincts he didn’t want to be with him.  At least his Alpha had been honest from the start of how he would be treated and what his position was as his bonded omega in this world. Sure he had pushed the boundaries to get to submit to a full bond,  but the punishments and humiliation he suffered faded into the background when he had his Alpha’s full and undivided attention as he bought him to the serene depths of full submission.
Bruce slathered a thick coating of gel on to each breast, then using a plastic pipette squeeze gel into the open ends of the nipple suction cups.
Pushing the door open, he fell into the cool darkness, collapsing on a wooden cot shoved in the corner of the room.  Closing his eyes, he let exhaustion take him, feeling safe and hopeful for the first time, perhaps now he could make plans to find Winter and their omega.
Steve could feel Tony shift position so that he could work his throat and take all his huge member in two swallows, omega’s naturally had no gag reflex, with time and training Tony would be able to take his knot as well.  At the moment though, it was all about supplying Tony’s body with a constant steam of cum, even though he was now an omega his reproductive organs were small and immature.  If he wanted to breed his little omega on his first heat, then his reproductive organs need to be fully matured.
There was no way he was going to let that happen even though he could feel the alterations in his body chemistry happening already, melding his and Steve’s scents, hardwiring his mind and body to respond to anything that Steve wanted, to make his first priority serving his Alpha.  He would have no freedom to do what wanted unless Steve gave his permission.
Now let’s plug you and put in a sound, don’t want any accidents today, then you can do your makeup and hair whilst l sort out breakfast.”
Steve reached over fingers tracing her bruised tits after he had untied her dress, Bruce’s bite mark dark against her milky skin, her nipple still swollen from his earlier abuse.  Leaning over he bit hard on the same nipple, pulling it taut between his teeth, until he heard her hiss with pain, her hands trying to push his face off her breast.
Tony saw the evil glint in Barnes’s eyes and heard the dismissive tone in his voice, crying out he tried to pull off the metal fingers but Steve’s knot held him firmly in place.  He could only hope that Steve had seen the look of hatred on his best friend’s face.
Steve laughed internally knowing full well that there was no way his Tony would be able to accomplish that task.
Hulk and Jella spent their lives with the Tree Giants, raising their children, many who became warriors for Asgard.
He could see and smell Tony’s arousal, the flush on Tony’s cheeks as he ducked his head, his omega not wanting him to see how turned on he was, the sweet scent of his omega pheromones filled the air.
Purposely left on his own for each session with only the voice of the therapist, the screens and music, Tony’s life prior to his admittance to Mountain Rise was dissected year by year, his behaviour examined and found wanting, mistakes emphasised, and blame placed firmly on his shoulders whether warranted or not.  His interactions with family, friends and the public were picked over, highlighting his rudeness, selfishness, sense of entitlement, arrogance and a whole plethora of other negative behaviours and emotions.
Five days of constantly being fed and being pumped full of cum have added a few kilograms to his soft rolls.  Steve can even see that his soft pecs are fuller and and his nipples whilst still small and pink are now permanently erect and sensitive to his touch.
“Steve aahh no that’s not right, come on get it right stupid so stupid Tony, got to be good boy or else Steve, no not Steve anymore Da..Daddy will leave me, don’t want to be alone again.
Pepper shudders as she realises what this means for her, she will be Steve’s Beta, it hadn’t occurred to her that he would know that part of Pack Law.  It was an antiquated law rarely used or know about in this modern era, how the hell had he discovered it.
Steve led his omega from ballroom towards the library for his meeting with the Elite Alpha Club.  AS the doors opened, he motioned Tony to his hands and knees tugging off his shendtyt and had him crawl beside him into the library.
Winter showered and dressed in the clothes set out for him, the wolf urging him not to fight the tall blonds order.  They we’re going to finally have their bitch tonight, mount her and breed her after days of only smelling her scent and slick.  Both were eager, although the Wolf would mount and knot her  before the Soldier had his turn.
“Good morning Captain, I see that your omega is now heat free and you can once again join us in our breakfast feast.  I must say that he is much more aware of his place now thanks to you my good Captain.
Lining himself up he pushed in to her cunt, on hand gripping her hip as he leaned forward to grab hold of her right nipple, tugging on the thick nub as he fucked her cunt,  he didn’t last long as the whore clenched her cunt and jerked back her hips to meet each of his thrusts. Pulling her onto her side he tugged on both her nipples repeatedly as his cock softened inside her.
“Come on, let’s get you back to the penthouse, time for lunch and then we can announce the good news to the other Avengers about our third pup.”
Tony hissed as the flogger landed against his back.  Soon he was groaning and gasping with pain as the blows landed relentlessly.
Tony’s tongue darts out and starts to lap at Steve’s sticky fingers, sucking each digit into his mouth laving them clean with his tongue as if giving individual blow jobs to each finger.
Steve kept his head turned, staring out the window.  As desperate as he was to scoop Tony up and make everything better he knew that he needed to wait for Tony to ask for his help.  Dr Gottlieb had called earlier to advise him that Tony needed to see his limitations for himself and to reach out for help, and that maybe if he accepted the physical changes. His mind would now be more susceptible to the idea of a little/caregiver relationship.
Now come open those pretty lips and suck me, I want you to take my knot and hold my cock in your throat as I paint your inside with my seed.”
Next we are going to make a couple of keyhole incisions and implant this cloned womb, her tubes are still viable so there is less work to do, it will take a few hours in the cradle to mature and we won’t know if it is successful until we try breeding her.  The good thing about her not having her omega bonding glands is we don’t have to wait for a heat cycle to get her impregnated, she will just be on a normal four weekly cycle so we will now soon enough if the operation is a success.
Tony didn’t remember much of the rest of the trip, all he knew was that he was warm and dry and Steve was cuddling him as he sang softly to him.  He tried to remember why he was supposed to be mad at Steve but he was just to tired.
“Do not ever tell me to stop!  You have no say in what I can and cannot do to your body.  If I want to fuck you and suck on your pathetic little tits all day and night I will and you will take it all without complaint.  The only words I want to hear from you are Yes Alpha, the only sounds I want to hear are your needy pathetic omega mewls of pleasure!”
“Now whilst you have Pup strapped down can you to check out his anal glands, he does not seem to be producing much natural slick, we were wondering if this could be a side-effect of the long-term use of suppressors?”
“This is how you will spend your days, and every night will be you fulfilling all the fantasies that I have dreamt of over the hundreds of years I have waited to have you in my bed.
Tony froze as his Alpha growled, panic setting in when he played back in his head what he had just said.
Minutes passed, Pepper was uncomfortable, and her nipples ached, it was just too weird, hell she didn’t even want to feed the brats when they were born, let alone bloody Tony.
I am going to wake him up this afternoon so that he can bond with his baby, before that l want you to hold and scent the baby, then lay with Tony and cover him in your scent as well, it will encourage Tony to see you as his Alpha.  Finger his pussy and place his spend on your cock and glands. When he wakes the first thing, he will see is you holding the baby, encourage him to hold and feed her and be as tactile as you can with Tony. Omegas are needy and emotionally fragile at the best of times, but especially after childbirth. Tony will be even more so after the traumatic events of the past few months, that is why he needs the stability of a bond and the firm guidance of his Alpha.”
“This is called a dragon’s tongue whip, a light flick of it on your clit and cunt will sting but have you begging for more, can you feel how your hungry cunt lips are trying to swallow the tip even though you are plugged? Dirty slutty omegas, you are all the same, will welcome anything into your holes as long as it gets you off.”
“Such a good omega Tony eating and drinking all your lunch, you deserve a reward. Going to massage your tits and fuck your cunt, then I am going to milk your tits.  Going to wait till they are full and dripping then I am going to suck your teats and feast on your milk.”
Steve pulled back and shot his load all over Pepper’s face and down the front of her dress, before shoving back in and ordering her to clean him up.
Steve scooped Tony up off the ground and placed him back in the stroller, making sure to buckle him in.  He paid not heed to his wailing, expertly strapping on the pacifier, cutting of Tony’s loud cries.  His nose twitched at the smell coming from his baby boy, but this needed to be done if he wanted Tony to stop fighting the diapers and enemas.  A few more arranged accidents would have his baby boy totally reliant on them and too scared to risk wearing normal underwear even on his ‘big’ days.
It had been a fascinating incite in to his Omega as he watched and sketched him throughout the day, Tony had quickly forgotten that Steve was sitting on the ratty old couch in the corner of the shop observing him.
Meg smiled as the large Alpha practically ran in to the kitchenette to do her bidding the soldier in him reacting instantly to her gently worded order.  Now to deal with the angry overwrought pain filled omega.
Did you know that your pussy hole is going to stay even after the birth, it will get nice and tight again practically closing up. Most Alphas are not interested in making use of it seeing it as only for birthing pups, but I am going to have so much fun, who would not want a third hole to fuck and fill.”
“How is the training going Captain Rogers, when do you think he will be able to start working in the lab? The updates for the latest Stark Phone and Notepad are due by the end of the month.
Exhaling the breath he had not realised he had been holding he turned head held high and proceeded to leave the room, not even turning when he heard the loud gasps and his name being called from the group behind him.
He loves the feel of sliding into Tony’s tight little boy cunt, his cock squeezed tight as he forces his full length deep in one thrust.  Tony’s little mewls and squeals make him smile as he pulls him up to sit on his lap, his fingers finding hard little nipples, twisting them until his little one screams and his cum floods his boy cunt.
Tony’s surprised mewl of pleasure was followed by an embarrassed gasp when he realised, he had come so quickly. Then Steve’s fingers started rubbing his soft cock over and over until once again he was coming, gasping for breath as Steve nail grazed his piss slit before once again rubbing his overly tender cock.
The first day Steve restrained himself to just feeding and escorting Stark to the bathroom, the omega didn’t seem to care that he watched him, the liquid only diet meant that it was easier to just put him in the bath tub and rinse him down the one time his bowls evacuated, he was just glad that Stark had indicated what was happening and he was able to manipulate the large plug out in time.  He did his best not to stare at the gaping hole as he rinsed the omega, and made sure to insert it back in when Stark stayed on his hands and knees until he realised what he wanted him to do.
Hands on his waist and shoulders held him still as Steve and Bucky matched each other thrust for thrust grinning at each other as they felt the slide of their cocks through the flesh separating each channel.
The Inspector moved closer to stand witness for the branding, curious as to the purpose of the before unseen gel.  Bruce took the opportunity to expound on his invention in detail.
Standing over Tony’s head Steve pushes his cock into Tony’s mouth, his neck at the perfect angle for him feed the whole of his cock down the omega’s throat.  Tony’s throat is tight around his cock, the bulge of his cock showing through the thin skin covering his omega’s throat.  Rubbing his fingers along its length he presses down enjoying the shudders of panic as Tony fights to breathe, pleading eyes frantically try to catch his gaze but he ignores them.
All around he could here the sounds of copulation as the court made use of the harem of omegas provided by Odin. Glancing at the throne he saw that his father leaning forward on his throne eye glued to Loki’s face, watching the silent fall of tears dripping down her cheeks.
“Tony, look at me and tell me what happened, you were working so well, and JARVIS was extremely pleased with the data you were providing.
Eyes staring forward she walked behind Natasha, aware of the stares following her every step.  Natasha had thrown her shoes, skirt, and silk blouse at her after she had untied her, she had not even allowed her to wash up before dressing. Her blouse clung to her body, sticky and wet and she could feel cum dripping from her sex as she walked, Bruce had met them half way smirking as he stroked the curve of her cum filled belly, Natasha had disappeared leaving Bruce to escort her the rest of the way.
“But what about your omega, I can show you where we have taken him, I can tell you exactly when the Portal is going to appear.  Steve is going to take Stark back regardless.  We have not been able to trace Tony and Steve is desperate enough to settle for your omega, especially if he has started fucking him through his heat.”
“My friends I must take Thanos’s body to be disposed of properly and the Infinity Stones need to be secured in the All-Fathers deepest Vault.
“ How about a hand job while she fucks herself on the gear stick, bitch should be able straddle that easy enough.”
Darcy’s silent screaming tore him apart, his births had been hard but at least he knew his Alphas and the Pack were near and would care for him. The two handlers treated her exactly like a birthing cow, they showed her no humanity and gave no comfort even though it was clear she was in extreme pain.
Darcy watched from her crate, tears falling as he brutally assaulted her cousin, even though Betty Blue had been a complete bitch to her, she didn’t deserve to be treated so despicably and used so hard by her Alpha.  She dreaded to think how Betty would react to her dreams being broken, she hopped that Betty would run back to her family and the farm and forget everything.
“That’s it, little bitch, fuck yourself on my fingers, do all the work and maybe l will let you cum. I want to se your tits jiggling as you work my fingers, l, want to see your fat little nipples and clit turn purple as those clamps tighten.”
Steve gazed down into his omega’s eyes, seeing the panicked realisation in them that he was going to be knotted to his Alpha for the next thirty minutes, mouth and throat full with no means of escape.
1. A three- minute shower, (if there is a bathroom) otherwise always keep disposable body wipes in your bag.
A week passed, Steve finally threw away the camisole and knickers when breakfast didn’t appear, he needed the large meals, he had discovered even though he was small his metabolism ran at the same pace as when he had been transformed in to Captain America. He searched the chest again, fingers feeling all the different fabrics, he settled on a blue satin teddy that at least would not leave his cock dangling free.
Odin had chained him to the bottom step of his throne and offered his mouth and ass to anyone who wanted him.  It had been thoroughly degrading, as Odin revealed that he was the former Captain America and a fake Alpha, who had abused their Golden Omega.  To add to his utter humiliation Loki had been present and had laughed and smirked at him as Fandral and Hogun had spit roasted him.
He would keep his omega safe by ensuring his belly was continuously full of pups and the more babies he had to look after meant less time Iron Man.  He knew he could convince Rhodey to become a full time Avenger in the future and also he had heard that Falcon was interested in joining.  Three flyers on the team would negate the need for Iron Man, unless the whole of earth was under threat.
“Mr President, your omega has been blessed with my seed, she will be forever fertile, and every breeding will be multiples.  I hope that my omega has sufficiently satisfied you, if not please let Sira know and the breeder will receive extra punishment on top of her daily scheduled punishment.”
“ Pepper, now see that wasn’t so difficult, but l expect  subservience immediately from now on. You will not be punished for this show of misbehaviour until tonight, so think how you can show today whilst you are at work that you are sorry for your behaviour, you need to prove to me that you can work for the good of both Packs and not put your selfish need to be seen as a dominant alpha first.”
Hey Thor, how long does a Jotun omega usually labour for?  Do you still need Tony to stimulate your bitch’s nipples?”
“Please Alpha l am your omega now, l don’t want to have to think anymore, make it all go away, l don’t want to see or feel anything, I want to be the perfect  omega for you.”
In order for the war pack to become a cohesive fighting unit as well as developing interpersonal relationships there needed to be much more direct interaction.  It would work well for the pack if Thor was able to bring in the other omega and was willing to share him sexually with the other Alphas.
Captain Rogers I am sure I don’t need to show you how to do this, so I will just be getting along to my next patient.  Ring the buzzer when you have finished as the doctor will be doing his rounds soon and wants to get the last dialysis session started, he will do a quick physical and go over some of the test results with you.”
It will be extremely difficult for him to argue against any of his treatment if we can show him that he has given his full consent.  I would suggest not pushing the issue of Conservatorship, use it only as a last resort, lets see how far we can proceed with his conditioning therapy without bringing it into play.”
Pepper felt like a deer caught in the headlights of a car, terrified but unable to look away as the operation proceeded, when Dr Banner dropped the meat of the cock into the medical waste bin she swallowed a mouthful of bile and crossed her legs tightly.  It didn’t matter that Natasha wouldn’t allow her to use it anymore for penetrative sex unless she was given explicit permission, but at least she still had it.
Tony screamed in agony, his neck throbbing and burning as Steve battled to make the bond stick, to drown out the remainder to the Captain’s fractured hold over the omega.  He lost track of the time, all he knew was that Steve continued to fuck and knot his holes over and over as his fangs tore at his neck and gland, until it was swollen and purple.  He was vaguely award of a roar of triumph as dawn rose, he finally felt the tether of the bond tying him to Steve snap into place, exhausted he closed his eyes as his Alpha knot once him again.
Five minutes felt like an eternity, he couldn’t heat the silent tears that ran down his cheeks or the sobs that started when he realized that he had wet himself again.
Steve squeezed his knot, his cock painting another load over Tony’s delicate features before aiming into his open mouth. He watched as Tony desperately tried to swallow all his cum, but he knew that unless his cock was deep in the omega’s throat it was never going to happen.   Sure enough cum began to trickle out of Tony’s mouth and fall to the floor, squeezing his knot he milked another load of cum just for the pure hell hearing the omega’s gurgling cries and watching large doe eyes widen with despair at the failure to swallow all his Alpha’s cum.
Tony blushed as the rest of the avengers congratulated him on reaching his target weight, everyone during the course of breakfast scented his wrists as they took turns feeding him. No one mentioned his lack of clothes or the fact that his Alpha couldn’t stop touching him or burying his nose in his bonding glands.
The journey was made in silence and he couldn’t help squirming as his bladder protested his desperate desire to not let go.
One of the cowboy’s shoved his cock into her mouth, muffling her screams, whilst the other fucked him from behind.  Pepper went rigid as the hound’s knot filled her and her cunt exploded with the most intense orgasm she had ever had.
“Hey look, its actually working, Pepper is breastfeeding Tony, come on Steve look at your little boy, has his own personal milk cow now.”
Steve pressed Tony’s hands down to his sides ordering him to keep still.  His own large hands began to roam across his omega’s bloated stomach, pressing down near the bottom he could feel the more solid mound of the breeding pouch and the slight movement of the pups within.  He stretched his senses along the mating bond to feel the heartbeats of his pups, their rapid beats made it too difficult to discern how many there were.
Slick production and his responses to sexual stimulation are on par with our calculated figures after 6 months.  Do not allow Tony to deny himself or you, sexual stimulation and orgasms, the release of endorphins will help rebalance his brain and body chemistry.
Under the watchful gaze of Winter, Tony lay back raising his legs to his chest, hooking his arms behind his knees pulling them wide apart.  The Alpha’s face held no emotion, his eyes hard as they stared at his exposed pussy, Tony shivered, fighting the urge to close his thighs and run back to the comfort of the nursery.
The nano bots reformed trapping her lower legs against her thighs and releasing her arms so that she could crawl on her hands and knees. The vibrations increased with every step, by the time she was shoved into her kennel, she was keening with need, the smell of her arousal set off the hounds as she curled up on her bedding.
Tony buried his head in the pillows to muffle his screams of frustration sexual and otherwise.  The skin on his back itched and felt tight but the smell of his Alpha’s cum soothed his frazzled nerves making it difficult to stay angry.  His body and mind became heavy, exhaustion finally catching up and he felt his eyes closing sleep finally claiming him.
May had grown used to being a milk cow on Asgard, it was less stressful than being part of Bruce’s experiments and having to feed all those pups.  Her only worry had been Peter, she missed him and knew that he would not settle into his role as a sissy omega and would definitively not take to caring for any babies he had.
Tony sighed, relaxing as the warm water heated his chilled skin, he wriggled slightly as he felt his plug shift upwards, knocking against his prostrate, the drag of the wash cloth over his sensitive nipples had him hissing, pushing up in to Steve’s touch.  His cock plumped up as Steve continued to tease his nipples, the small nubs hard and throbbing by the time Steve leaned down to kiss his parted lips.
“BB you can pick something from Darcy’s collection to wear for dinner until we order you more suitable clothing, but I don’t want you wearing panties ever, unless l give you them.”
Do you have any problem with that Dr Banner? Will you interfere or want to be returned to your own world?
Now to the Avengers, you will stand down as Iron Man as of Thursday, the announcement will be made at the press conference.  Colonel Rhodes will take up the mantle of Iron Man. You will work with Rhodey on the armour, and also be responsible for all designs and repairs for the team.
Releasing his hold on Tony’s hair he reached down and began to rub circles over the swollen mound of his Omega’s stomach, increasing the pressure with each pass he loved the feeling of kneading the cum through the thin skin. The massaging would help release the cum through the stomach lining so that it could be absorbed quicker into every cell and organ of his Omega, creating an unbreakable link, binding him forever to his Alpha.
He watched as her eyes flashed orange, her skin flushing with warmth as he slapped her hands away before landing four hard slaps on each breast, the bitch gasping and spluttering with equal parts of indignation and arousal.
Once in their room, Happy had ordered her to take a three minute shower before dressing her in a black mesh dress that left nothing to the imagination and thigh high leather boots, he slicked back her hair and allowed her to apply scarlet lip stick before he placed a thick leather collar around her neck and leading her be the attached leash to the waiting limo.  Once she was kneeling at his feet on SI private jet with no means of escape, he whispered the phrase that allowed her back in control of her body and mind.   His tight hold on the leash made it impossible for her to stand, trapped between his thighs she soon exhausted herself struggling to pull away from his hold.
“Miss Darcy, you will come with us, you seem to have forgotten your invitation to a late supper with the President. Now if you come without a fuss I am sure that your brother will not find himself under arrest for suspected terrorist activities, after all trespassing on government property and attempting to subvert presidential staff away from their responsibilities be could construed as a hostile act.”
“Hello Pepper, Father and I have a wonderful evening planned for you, Happy is kindly letting us look after you for the night, you didn’t really think a slutty cumdump would be going to the Maria Stark Foundation Gala.
Omega Tony was awake and sipping on one the cum shakes that he seemed to be addicted to when he entered the communal lounge, propped up on a mound of pillows he motioned for him to climb into is nest.  Peter settled beside Tony and as soon as the other omega curled into him all the tension and stress he had been feeling melted away, burying his head in Tony’s shoulder he allowed himself to shed a few tears before basking in the amazing soothing scent of the pregnant omega.
All Father, I can sense the time is nigh to break the final black threads of death and sew the threads of red life into our golden omega.”
Loki’s loud scream had them all turning back to the activity on the nesting bed.  Tony had gotten bored waiting for them to finish speaking, so he has decided to just go for it and start on the other omega’s clit. Unable to resist he had bitten down on the large meaty clit, as he pushed four fingers into Loki’s slick soaked asshole.  The resultant scream and gush of cunt juice as Loki orgasmed shocked him, but he also could not help feeling a little bit proud that he has made Loki come so quickly.
Steve shifted position slightly, uncomfortable with having to watch Ms Potts choke on Fury’s cock as Coulson pulled on her chastity harness, making the knotted rope tighten round her breasts until they were swollen, her nipples dark and bruised from  where Coulson had spent time twisting and pinching them as she had sucked him off during dinner.  Her gown was a discarded rag, used to wipe her pussy juice off the directors’ shoes when she had squirted over then after they had fucked her with a wine bottle.
Steve and Winter smirked as Tony whined and shook as another orgasm rolled through him, their omega was a glutton for humiliation and punishment, the waves of omega pheromones rolling of Tony a testament to how he got off on the treatment meted out by his Alphas.
I know this must seem unfair and unjust but think of what would happen to Stark Industries and to Ms Potts, your Iron Man suits and Jarvis if the Government seized everything, having decided that you were complicit in covering up your orientation.  You should be proud of Ms Potts and your legal team for being able to negotiate with the Judges and the Registry, to persuade them that you were absolutely unaware of your orientation and that the damage to Stark Industries and yourself, would be astronomical if matters were taken further.
They would have four weeks to plan and implement Stark’s rescue before Dr Strange would be able to align the portal again. He had given them protection spells and a charm that altered their appearance just enough that people would not recognize them.
“Well then you stupid bitch you will just have to suffer, there can be no medical intervention unless it is an emergency and your cervix taking its time is not considered one, and you been an obese lump is not either.”
“Jarvis fabricate a nanotech collar and muzzle for Pepper, cuffs and a full body harness, I want it fitted before she becomes conscious, it will be a wonderful surprise for her and another reminder of her new place within the Pack.”
He smiled as she began to thrash ineffectually beneath him, he applied more pressure to her neck, his cock hard and leaking against his belly as her eyes widened in panic as she gasped for breath.
For hours he does nothing but fuck and knot his bonded, waiting for that moment when the last part of the bond snaps into place and his little alpha’s body begins the final change.  He is aware enough to ensure he makes Tony drink water and eat some snacks but at no time does he release him off his knot, no matter how much Tony begs and pleads.
A quick jerk of the leash had Loki rising to her feet, so that they could follow the President into dinner. Sira left the shift where it had fallen, whores should only wear body jewellery and breeders needed nothing more than basic piercings to be led around by.
The board members agree that you would be an excellent choice to become part of the ruling committee, due to your diligent work in discovering certain of our members were Hydra sympathisers.  Colonel Fury has been keeping us informed of your mission, I hope that you understand that we could not divulge to you that we were aware of your assignment and in fact welcomed it.
The feeding tube was the most disturbing aspect, taped to his pale cheek Steve could see the fluid moving slowly along the tube which disappeared in to his nose, to which a nasal canula was also attached. Two thick tubes ran from his right arm to the dialysis machine, soft restraints immobilising his lower arm and wrist against the bed rail. A sheet and thick soft blanket covered his body preserving his modesty, with the amount of wires and tubes snaking in and out of his body it was clear that he was naked underneath the cover.  Steve had always been aware that Tony didn’t eat enough and was a bit underweight, but just put it down to the eccentric human genius’ busy schedule and the times he got lost in workshop binges, forgetting to eat or drink until a project had been completed.  Seeing him now without the layers of clothing he usually wore, he could see how thin and underweight he really was.  In a base-line human it would be cause for concern but for an Omega it was potentially life threatening.
Dr Cho exited the room glad that Dr Banner would be dealing with the two Super Soldier Alphas, as a Beta they made her feel extremely uncomfortable with their laser like stares.  She knew that her work with the Cradle was exemplary, but it unnerved her to be the subject of their whole attention.
He tried to wait for Tony to reply but the scent of his slick filled the air, rolling them onto their sides he gently rocked his hips to keep Tony tight against his cock, he cupped his cheek and turned him so he could place a gentle kiss on his lips.
Thor parted Winter’s arse cheeks to tug out the large, thick plug, fingers tracing the gaping hole as the bound alpha let out a soft growl.  Thor moved down to stroke Winter’s thick muscular thighs, totally out of proportion to the greatly reduced mass of his upper body.  Between his stretch balls and overly muscles thighs he knew that the deposed alpha could only shuffle along with a wide legged stance.
Gathering him up he settled him on his lap, slipping his sticky fingers between Tony’s open lips, when Tony automatically started suckling he knew that some of his conditioning was still ingrained in him.
It took most of her energy to crawl to her stall, the relief of the weight of her stomach being cushioned by the milking bench had her sighing and pushing back onto the dildo filling her ass hole.  Her pendulous breasts were then attached to the milking cups and her day began as the dildo in her pussy began to pulse.
“Tony, open your thighs a little, just so that your bare mons is showing and we can see just a hint of your pussy lips.  Good girl, now cup your left breast and trail the fingers of your other hand over your mons and pussy.  That’s it, now look straight at the camera and give me a hint of a smile, brilliant you are a natural.
Pepper was furious, Peter was becoming more unruly and surly as his pregnancy advanced, this could not go on, she was going to do what she should have done weeks ago when Peter’s attitude and behaviour had started to become intolerable, and no amount of spankings and punishments had changed it.
Fertility treatment had begun already and this would trigger his Omega’s heat within the next couple of weeks.  The Omega Obstetrician he and Pepper had bought in to look after Tony has assured him that between the fertility treatment drugs and the healing gene in Steve’s serum that Tony’s body had ingested through his cum, there was a higher percentage of a positive outcome to the treatment.
“Shhhh.. just do as you are told, you will soon be spending plenty of time on you knees, but for now open those pretty little lips and bite down, if you spit it out we will just have to start the five minutes all over again.”
“Ladies and gentlemen of the Press, thankyou for coming here today, I would like to present to you my new Omega mate Anthony Stark-Rogers.
Left alone again, he sat back down in the hard visitor’s chair, strangely comforted by the nurse’s words.
“Now you are going to sit there and look at yourself for the next two hours, I want you to think about your behaviour and the consequences of disobeying me again.
“Watch what is happening Betty, because l have no qualms about giving you to the Hounds as a punishment if you ever try to escape again.”
“Look at this Tony, your little omega cock even squirts like pussy, such a filthy bitch getting my hand covered in your pussy juice now lick it clean.”
“Well don’t you look mighty fine, now place your hands behind your back, these cuffs will keep your hands immobile and once joined to your collar if you try to struggle the collar will tighten and cut off your air.
She amused herself by inserting the presidential butt plug in Darcy’s cunt and timing how long she could hold on to it before it dropped out, less than five minutes earn her a thwack of the paddle in her milk laden tits.
Aww doll, you have such pretty blue eyes, don’t worry about anything, just enjoyed the fact that you are finally going to lose your virginity and be claimed.
Stripping off his overalls as Jarvis closed down the lab, he rushed up to the nursery for cuddle time with is little monsters. The girls were starting to walk and the boys could all sit up, with the two alpha boys already starting to crawl. His sweet little omegas were content to sit and watch the others play.
Winter had decided that Tony would not be allowed to speak in the presence of his Alphas and the pack without permission until he could learn to curb his unruly mouth. To ensure this he would either be gagged with an O ring or have his mouth kept busy sucking or warming his Alphas cocks, the only exception was when he was with the pups in the nursery.
Letting his Alpha voice speak out at a low level, with a flash of green to his eyes, he grasped her chin.
Steve continued to quietly hum, until Tony had finished his milk and had fallen into a light doze.  He laid him down in his cot after putting on his mittens and placing a pacifier in his mouth, he smiled as his little one started sucking straight away, glad that he did not need to strap it on.
“Soon omega, now l want you to look at the data Bruce has gathered on the Extremis in Ms Potts, and Stark’s research notes.  You have until my knot goes down to earn your orgasm.”
He is going to keep Pepper collared, gagged and naked here in the Tower until the babies are born.  He is going to immerse her in total submissive training until she finally cracks and admits her true nature.
“There’s my sweet Tony, such a good boy, now l am going to fuck your pretty little hole and make you scream. Then l will allow you to hang off my knot as a reward for being such a good boy in therapy.”
Hitting the send button, he smiled, Stevie would race home to save his omega and Bucky, he would meet him on the landing pad, he would convince him the bond needed to be completed straight away to stop the rise of the Winter Soldier. Afterwards he would present his Alpha with the omega bound and ready to be sacrificed on the altar of their Alpha bonding lust.
Tony squirmed as the dildo pressed deeper hitting his sweet spot as the rocking horse dipped forward, he gasped as his plugged hole vibrated when the horse rocked backwards, the pressure of the hard saddle pushing it further into his passage.
Tony sucked and licked clean the cold hard fingers, shivering and shaking as Steve continued to abuse his milk laden breasts whilst Bucky used his other hand to rip the soaked material from his body.  Steve having drunk his fill swapped places with the other Alpha ready to get some relief for his rock hard cock.
Steve was only to pleased to hustle Tony out of the workshop and back to there suite, he never liked seeing his omega’s body covered up, unless it was in something he had chosen.
He could now remain still and almost always quiet as his Alpha massaged his body and milked his prostrate.  He was finding it difficult to keep his cock soft whilst Steve fingered him or used a small vibrator on his omega clit, so remained caged for the majority of the time.  He had graduated to the largest butt plug in the collection his Alpha had gifted him, and loved the feeling of being stuffed full, and spent a lot of time imagining it was Steve’s cock, which made him blush bright red when ever Steve gave him a knowing look.
Steve ran his fingers over his omega’s lips coating them in glistening pussy juice before slipping them in to his open mouth.  Tony’s tongue began to lick and suck his sticky fingers as he tried to fuck himself on his Alpha’s knot.
I don’t expect you to reach this level for a sometime, so for now I want you to hold yourself as still as you can, though I want to hear your pretty sounds as I touch you.  You will not be able to orgasm due to the catheter and even when removed in a few days you are going to have to wait for permission from your Alpha before being allowed the reward of an orgasm.”
Steve motioned for his omega to sit down in front of the mirror, Tony shuffled forward hesitantly eying the clippers and scissors laid out on the bathroom counter.  Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s wild curls scratching at his scalp enjoying the way his omega melted at the touch and without thought pushed against his hand trying to encourage further petting.
Have you all watched the press coverage of our arrival?  Good, Tony is to be protected at all costs from those bastards.  We will control all press and media releases in regards to Tony.
Come on bitch, let’s be having you in my chair, Odin wants your clit ring enlarged and your perineum triple pierced.”
“Come along dearie, time to open those gorgeous eyes, you need to eat some breakfast before the doctors make their rounds.”
DummE, U and Butterfingers had been so excited to see their creator and Tony had spent some time playing with them and doing minor upgrades to their frames and coding.  Prompted by JARVIS he had begun the real work and had not stopped since, not even acknowledging the energy bars and endless cups of coffee placed near him by DummE.
“Good boy sweetheart, once we are home, we can revisit this in more convivial surroundings. Now let’s get you cleaned up, plugged and caged, for being such a well-behaved omega I am going to let you wear this new pretty omega outfit.”
He stood, stretching his arms above his head to loosen his tight shoulders, there was a brief flash of light and the crack running down the center of the mirror disappeared.
Dr Miles stood before the large wall mounted screen, which now showed the images of a full body CAT scan.
His work as Iron Man and for Stark Industries needed to be discussed and time limits for his lab and workshop put into place.  He knew from talks with Pepper that Tony once he had an idea he would drop everything and lock himself away in the workshop for days at a time until he had finished creating or fixing his armour.
The gasps were audible as Tony’s cock, cunt and asshole all squirted at the same time, the omega’s high pitched whine sending shivers down all the other omega’s spines as their sexes all reacted to the flood of omega pheromones.
Grabbing hold of her hair he pulls her on to her feet, and round to the front of the car.  Tying a length of rope to the grill of the car he ties the other end around her wrists.
“Might have guessed that you have never given head before, always got some poor sucker to go down on you I bet, too dominant of a bitch to reciprocate.  I will have to get my sweet baby boy to show you how its done properly, his mouth is pure sin.”
Once the Cradle had been acquired and our final calculations checked numerous times we went ahead with the separation.  I have all Bruce’s intelligence and the strength of Hulk, this body is a perfect combination of both.  Bruce has heightened strength, can partially transform individual parts of his body at will.  He also has the ability to go into full Hulk transformation but now can keep his own mind and is in full control.”
Steve and Winter start to pound Tony’s asshole, slamming into the stunned omega relentlessly, the throaty cries of their omega urging them on as their knots start to swell, neither can believe how the small omega’s body can accommodate both their cocks with such ease.
“Lock at your plump juicy clit getting all excited, after all you can hardly call it a cock anymore.  With your birth canal getting bigger and ready for me to fuck just like a pussy, you really are my omega bitch.
“Steve why don’t you keep your omega’s mouth occupied whilst l finish my internal exam, she is making it difficult for me to concentrate with all the whining coming out of her.”
Stark Industries falls under my prevue now and as such is an extension of the Avengers Pack, there can only be one Alpha.  You are a strong woman and exceptionally skilled in running SI, but even so you cannot be allowed to remain the ultimate power within the Company and Pack.
She stared into Pepper’s eyes, her own flashing a glimpse of Alpha red, the new Beta Alpha should have been able to resist for longer but the omega hormones as minimal as they were, tipped the balance of power.  She smirked as Pepper reluctantly walked back and muttered an apology to Andre.
Once the pups were born Tony would have little time for rebellion and to ensure this he would breed his omega again as soon as possible.
“Thank you Captain Rogers, now drink your tea whilst I give you an update you on what is happening.”
Unlike normal human pregnancies omegas carry for only 6 months this means that they can be bred twice a year if their Alpha wishes as they have a mini heat a few days after the birth and are immediately fertile.
With a last squeeze of the soft fleshy pouch he moved his hands downwards one grasping the rounded globes of his Omega’s bottom the other closing a round the metal cock cage hanging heavily between his Omega’s thighs. The small cock inside tightly confined and the small furred balls nestled behind trapped by the locking ring.
He knew that Jarvis had watched his creator fight against his omega instincts and what society expected of an omega, he had seen his creator on a path of self destruction. As he had been coded to put the safety and health of his creator as his highest priority he had reached the conclusion that his omega creator needed a mate to stabilise him.  Discussions with Miss Potts and Captain Rogers had led to the AI being complicit in the forced bonding of his creator.
He hauled the omega up off the floor and threw him onto the bed, cuffing his wrists to the metal frame and spreading his legs wide and up so they to were cuffed to the head of the bed as well. His belt slid easily through the loops of his jeans, he wrapped the buckle in his fist  as he whipped Stark’s exposed sex with the stiff leather, he ensured that the studded tip landed on Stark’s smooth mound, the remaining bundle of nerves swelling beneath the skin, so that he had a target to aim for.  He remembered his father doing this to his mother as a punishment the one time he had peeped as a child, it was a guilty secret and wish that he never imagined he would one day be to enact.
Tied together, he could do nothing when Steve’s teeth sank into his bonding gland, he had one brief moment of clarity as the bond snapped into place in which he realised this was not his Steve, before his heat ignited and his mental and physical being was consumed by his Alpha’s presence.
Natty sobbed as her cunt was plugged and the hood once again cut of her sight and hearing.  On shaking limbs she crawled behind Natasha, there had to be a way to escape this horror.
Fuzzy headed, Tony slipped to his knees his tongue lathing his daddy’s thick sticky cock clean.  He struggled to close his lips round the large furred balls, choking as his daddy pressed firmly on the back of his head encouraging him to hold them fully in his mouth.
“See how the stud is raring to go again, balls full of cum but he knows better than to knot her again.  He needs to move onto the next cow, now usually l would not do this, but Karl has just informed me that Milky Tits has mastitis, all the other cows in this part of the barn have been bred once this year, so the schedule for you had just moved up to now.”
The President gave a small tug on his omega’s leash signalling for her to stand and follow him out of the press conference.  Once out of the prying eyes of the press he ripped of her shift, pulled her against his chest and began fondling her naked breasts and stomach, fingers trailing down to stroke her exposed clit and tug on the tightly chained rings holding her swollen labia lips closed.
Tony preened under the attention  of all the photographers shouting and calling for him to turn and pose.  Winter had unclipped his leash and told him that he had two minutes to give the press and photographers a show, without deviating from the set answers they had discussed previously.
“Well done Steve for standing up to her, l think, a nice cup of tea and something for you to eat is needed before we discuss your omega.”
He had gotten used to being naked, enjoying the cool breeze on his skin, although he took care not to walk in the sun, keeping to the shade, he had learned that lesson.  The ladder was a bit rickety but being small it supported his weight as he climbed.  The loft area held some old furniture and a large mirror, which he shied away from, there was also a small, locked trunk.  Using the leading rains from the harnesses he managed to lower the items down and take them back to the cabin.
He recognised her immediately he pushed back her matted long hair, BB looked horrible, a far cry from the beautiful girl he had fucked at the White House. She was skinny, dirty and covered in cuts and bruises.  Her eyes widened when she saw him, he could see her trying to form words but all that came out was a jumble of senseless noise.
“shhh Tony don’t fret, you are safe in the hospital, you had a bad fall in the suit, broke your arm and dislocated your shoulder. Your right leg is in plaster and your left arm is strapped to keep your shoulder immobilised.  You needed a blood transfusion, so your right arm needed to be restrained in case you moved suddenly and pulled out the needles.”
Close by on a work bench lay a finished set of arrows for Hawkeye, upgraded Widows Bites sat in a locked case, stretch pants for Hulk which would finally mean no more naked Hulk pictures and videos.  Leather straps waited to be fitted to his shield, Steve knew that Tony wanted to replace them with something much stronger but he liked the feel and look of the leather It reminded him of his previous life, fighting with Bucky and the Howling Commandos.
“What the hell do you think you are doing?  How dare you drink coffee when you know that I have forbidden it!   You are only allowed what has been approved by myself and your obstetrician, your flagrant disobedience cannot go unpunished pregnant or not!”
“Good give me a couple of days and then we can start her on fertility  hormones and  reset some of her her genetic markers.   It will take a couple of months but by then the new stud hound will also be ready, it’s going to be interesting to see what kind of hybrids she produces with Banner’s Hulk DNA, hound and human DNA.  It is just a shame that Bruce is not here with us to see the results of all his genetic experimentation.”
Tony shifted on to his side so the pups could latch onto his nipples. He winched as their teeth dug in to the swollen teats with little care for his pain.  He knew better than to remonstrate them, Wolf had show his extreme displeasure the few times he had and he didn’t want to be on the receiving end of Winter’s whip ever again.
Now there is balance, and the threads of fate have been rewoven.  You will return to Midgard in disgrace, your Avengers will despise you for deceiving them, the public will vilify you, the  almighty Alpha Steve Rogers, an omega hiding behind a false body and designation.  Your President is furious and embarrassed, wants to make an example of you,  wants you to be publicly disciplined and imprisoned.
I am going to work with the Professor to ensure that you are always kept at the optimum fitness level for breeding and that your womb is strong and fertile.
Tony Stark’s stomach preceded him everywhere he went these days, it was the first thing everyone saw as he entered a room, eyes just naturally gravitated towards the swollen mass.
“Hello beloved, it is wonderful to see them all together, Loki will be with you shortly, he is just finishing feeding the tiny ones.”
“Well baby boy, looks like you aren’t alpha material anymore, Captain America is a Prime Alpha, little Stevie is an omega wanna be.
Sweeping him up in to his arms he carried him to the adjoining bathroom, sitting him carefully on the closed toilet seat after stripping off his wet omega drawers. Whilst the bath was running, he carefully fitted the water proof leg protector over Tony’s cast, all the while distracting Tony by chatting about the latest goings on back at the tower.  He smiled as Tony let out a soft chuckle when he told him that Thor had yet again broke another toaster trying to cram a whole box of pop tarts in the slots, packaging included.
“Jarvis, synthesise two vials of omega hormones based on Ms Potts blood type and tailored to her physical and biological makeup.
“Loki my omega whore, your womb is blessed once again with my pups, even now l sense three new lives coming into being.  You will be huge; everyone will be filled with envy that I have such a fertile bitch.
Bruce and Widow were the only ones to notice the burnt, desolate landscape scattered with thousands of dead figures, the only living beings the familiar sight of the Avengers standing guard over Thanos’s dead body and the Infinity Gauntlet, before the portal imploded, the ravaged world within vanishing as quickly as it had appeared.
“Please Alpha I need you to fuck my ass and my cunt hole, I can’t do it by myself I need your help it’s too hard on my own.  Please fuck me and suck my milky tits, I want you to do it I’m begging you Steve!”
Natasha smirks at him as he ushers Tony into the restaurant, pulling out his chair and settling him in his seat.  Tony is chattering a way and doesn’t even notice that Steve has ordered for him and had the waitress remove his wine glass and bring him sparkling water. The others notice throughout the course of the dinner how attentive Steve is to the small alpha, Clint opens his mouth to tease Tony but duel glares from Steve and Natasha shut him down.
When the Avengers has formed Tony had become their benefactor and technical support.  Colonel Rhodes flew the Iron Man Armor, which Tony had designed and built.
Tony wobbled to the bathroom supported by Steve who helped him shower and gave him his enema, before inserting his plug stating it would stay in now until labour started. Seeing Tony shiver, he allowed him to wear one of the soft tunics, next he placed a new collar round his omega’s neck, sealing it closed with his thumb print.  The soft metal lay low on his neck fitting snuggly but did not restrict his breathing seeming to follow the contours of his neck bonding to his skin.  The centre nestled in the hollow of throat highlighted by a large blue square diamond.
Tony squirmed as the friction began to heat his nether regions, his holes pulsing waiting to be filled. Spreading his knees wider hands gripping the sides of the tub for leverage he raised his hips so that the tip of the loofah caught on rim of his asshole the angle was awkward but he just needed something in his hole not used to them being empty now, another reason to hate fucking doctor appointments.
“Steve, leave me to deal with Helen, I am fully aware that she is totally infatuated with me and has deluded herself into thinking we could be a bonded pair.  I have full knowledge of how the Cradle works now, and as it is patented to Stark Industries she will not be allowed to remove it from the Compound or build a new one, all her research is held on our servers and I have already found her written journals and secured them in the vault.
“ That’s baby number one, good size and length.  Baby number two is also looking good, measurements on par with baby number one, you are going to have two good size pups. Hmm heart beats are sounding a bit strange seems to be an echo, might just be the machine let me try and move the babies around as they are quite close together.”
Still have not decided what clothes Steve will dress him in for the board meeting and now Pepper is also going to be arriving!
Tony lay splayed on the bed, where Steve had carried him after the two Alphas had finished rubbing their, cum onto his skin and hair. His limbs felt like jelly, his holes ached with the need to be filled and the soreness of his throat felt comforting, he couldn’t help but smile knowing that he had taken Bruce/Hulk’s cock deep into his throat and not panicked or passed out.
You were never an Alpha before the serum, you were a latent omega, you tried to hide the fact through your stupid posturing and aggressive behaviour, picking fights against anyone who saw through your act, under the guise of calling them bullies, to the extent you convinced yourself of the lie.  Bucky always sensed you would be his omega, why do you think you always caved into his demands in the end.  All those dates at the club, your love of silk stockings, your willingness to be feminised and submissive if Bucky asked.
Hours later Steve kept watch over his sleeping omega as the drip delivered the enhanced hormones that would give Tony’s body the final push in his transition towards becoming a full an omega.
Now you are in your rightful place, impaled on my cock, nothing but a ludder, a flyfille.  You will serve Thor on earth and then return to Asgard to quicken and be my hore.
“You have already been replaced, omegas are not allowed by law to hold management positions or have any responsibility for employees.
Within minutes there was the sound of a frustrated huff and he watched as Tony gave up the pretence and opened his eyes.
Bruce could see that they were all hoping for a positive answer, but he did not have one to give, there was no point in dragging things out.
“Alpha, you have been incredibly generous in the allowances you have made for me and I am very grateful.  I agree to them and hope that you will guide me through any struggles l may have with them as l adapt and learn.
Captain America’s patented disappointed face made its appearance, and that was when he had found himself bent over Steve’s desk, backside being lit into by his Alpha’s stupidly large hand.  After a painful spanking and thorough fucking, he had totally lost his train of thought and found himself greedily sucking on Steve and Winter’s cocks as they waited for the photographer to finally arrive, he didn’t even notice his tits were leaking and his slick covered thighs were glistening under the large lights, all he wanted was to feel his Alphas cum filling his mouth and stomach.
Reaching down he ran his hands over the soft skin, pulling apart his cheeks so that he could lick at the sweet nectar, the bitch’s low moan as he sucked on the tight ring, went straight to his cock.  Rolling his tongue he stabbed straight in, fucking the bitch as he pinched hard on both cheeks, satisfied when his omega began to rock back on his tongue, needy whines delighting his hearing as he stabbed at his prostrate.
There was nothing for hours but the repetitive thrusting of the dildos, taking him to the brink of orgasm only to stop and wait for his spasming holes to relax before starting the whole process again. When he was allowed to come there was the high of endorphins followed by the utter humiliation as he felt his bladder give and warm piss soak his crotch.
If you want to go home at the end of this week you need to eat everything you are given so that you leave here having gained the minimum 7 kilograms the doctors say that is needed to begin to stabilise your omega digestive system.”
Edward’s had heard about Mountain Rise’s rumoured secret treatments, this was his opportunity to actually see for himself and maybe partake of what was supposedly on offer for a select few visitors and investors.  His court clerk placed the legal documents on Ms Potts desk acting as witness for the signatories.  A final stamp with his court seal of all the documents sealed Stark’s fate for better or worse.  Edwards’s dismissed the clerk to drive the documents back to be filed.
Whilst Tony slept, he pushed a large plug into his gaping hole, then he smacked the ring of muscles until they tightened round the base of the plug.
He gently touched Tony’s face hoping to provide comfort, but was startled when the omega flinched away, eyes fearful as he stared at him with no recognition in his eyes.
“Omega go put Peggy in her crib and then I want you to tell me what the rule in the Penthouse with regards to clothing?”
As Steve talked he began to dig has fingers into the skin above Tony’s bladder, feeling his omega begin to squirm and whine trying to twist his body away from his probing fingers.  Pressing down harder he was finally rewarded by a tearful cry as his omega lost the battle and a stream of pee splashed down into the toilet.
Steve left Tony kneeling on the floor with strict instructions to clean the desk and floor of any cum using only his tongue, any deviation from this would incur more punishment.  To insure that he would not try escape whilst he was gone he had secured Tony’s hands behind his back and to one ankle using his leather belt.  Slapping Tony’s still reddened ass hard one last time he turned and left the office.
Sit the bitch on your cock facing me, hook your arms round his and pull back on his shoulders so his tits are pushed out. Doc said to inject each tit twice then just under each nipple.”
Both Alphas watched the door waiting for their omega to make his appearance, it did not take long before they could hear the softly muttered cursing and moans of the omega getting closer to their bedroom.
“Fuck, you are a dirty whore Pepper.  Look at the cum pouring out of your slut holes, best give you an enema, but first open your mouth, you are looking a bit dehydrated.”
He drives his cock deep and harder, always watching his mate’s face, especially his eyes, and then he see it, the ring of gold forming round his irises, he pulls out leaving in just his cockhead, and then he slams back in as his teeth rip through the mating gland on the opposite side of his neck to the bonding gland.  He floods his mate’s body with his Alpha secretions and pheromones, binding them together for ever, his cock pulses and floods Tony’s pussy with cum, shooting up into his newly formed uterus, even though there are no eggs to fertilise this time.  He stays covering Tony, as his little mate’s orgasm shakes his body apart, when finally, he lets out a tired whine, he uncuffs him.
“Gentlemen, the board meeting is adjourned until Friday, omega Peter will be present to offer his apologies for his disruption of today’s meeting.”
Back in his lab he wasted no time in stripping off Petey’s dress, socks and shoes. Thick cuffs secured his wrists and ankles to the omega frame, the d ring on the back of the collar hooked to a tight chain ensured that his head was held still.
Bruce smirked at the glint of determination in her eyes, that would soon disappear when he fucked her dry beta cunt.
Tony tried to stand up and get out of the bath on his own but after a short struggle found it impossible to lift his leg over the side of the bath without overbalancing and slipping back into the water, the sides of the bath appeared to be a lot higher than a normal bath.  Nurse Mayer tutted as he slapped at the water in frustration, cursing out Steve and herself.
Steve suddenly appeared looming over his writhing body, a smile stretched across his face, satisfaction shining from his eyes. The whole weight of the Captain’s body landed on him pressing him into the mattress, harsh lips swallowing the gasps of shock as his lungs ceased and he fought to breathe in air. He could feel Steve’s hard length against his thigh swelling and lengthening with each gasp he gave.
Bucky stared at the omega shifting restlessly on its stool, trying not to put pressure on its reddened butt cheeks.  It was good that the omega had discovered his part in its parent’s death and had processed his anger and grieve.  He knew that there was going to be some residual negative emotions that were bound to surface in the future but they could be dealt with when it happened.  Steve would make the omega understand how things were going to be once Bucky and he were bonded, there was no doubt in his mind that they would complete the bond, till the end of the line had been their pledge to each other.
You owe it to the world to pass on your genius to ensure the continuation of the Stark legacy to produce future Alphas that will shape and change the world and Omega bitches to be bred and serve their Alphas.
Nodding to the awaiting make -up artist he departs for his own dressing room to put on his dress uniform.  He had given clear instructions as to how he wanted his omega to look and was content to leave him for this part.
Steve tracked Winter’s naked figure as he walked out of the shower room, heart racing in his chest and his breath catching in his throat.  Reaching down he ran his fingers through the cum dripping down his thigh, lifting his fingers to his lips he sucked off the thick cream a small smile tracing his lips. Adjusting his cock, he rinsed off the rest of the cum before drying and dressing he had a sudden yearning to fuck his omega until he screamed for mercy.
“Now you will apologise profusely to Miss Potts and will accept any punishment that she requests I give you.”
“Good boy, sweetheart, now let’s put you back to bed, daddy will join you later.  I need to speak to Happy and Dr Banner about Pepper.”
Oh well time for another lesson in obedience, he enjoyed the fight that Tony put up to a certain extent and did not want to completely break him but he could not let Tony know that yet.  He had to exert total control and show who was the master in this relationship any feelings he felt for Tony would be dealt with once his Omega was not an embarrassment to him in public.  If Captain America could not show total control over his Omega it would cause an uproar and push forward the Omega rights campaign, something that was not wanted by the majority of Governments and Alphas of the world.
Captain America was a national icon and and American hero he could not be associated with such corruption any more, he would need to atone for his mistake in allowing Bucky to carry on acting in such a depraved way.  There would be no more grey area in his morals, only black and white, right and wrong.
“Captain Rogers, I am going back to my office to finish off this press statement, can you get  Natasha to join me after she had completed her calls, we need to ensure that all the legal paperwork is ready to be completed once he is awake.  We will also need to send for an Officer from the Centre for Omega Control so that Stark can be registered, I suggest donating a suitably large amount of money so that there is no call for a public display of punishment for his duplicity, we don’t need him mouthing off when he is read his list of crimes against our society.  You can flog him in front of the Officer and the Avengers before staking your claim, which I am positive the Centre for Omega Control will fully endorse.”
It took a moment to register that the omega had answered his question, grabbing a hand full of hair he twisted Stark’s head to the side, sure enough the muzzle was gone and he was looking at the very young face of the omega.
There we go just cradle her close, Steve just squeeze Tony’s nipple so Sarah can smell the milk.  There we go, give her five minutes and then swap her over to your left breast.
The steel bands of Steve’s arms held him still as Steve stood and walked them over to the full-length mirror.  Tony gasped as he saw his reflection, the clear bulge of Steve’s cock underneath his skin, his stomach soft and bulging with cum.  He was dwarfed by Steve’s body, his feet dangling many inches away from the floor.
Since waking up after being transported back to Avengers Tower, Winter had become obsessed with the lingering scent of Tony Pup on the new metal arm he and designed and built for him.  When that had faded he had howled and  raged until the Vet had suggested that they give him blankets and items of clothing that carried Tony’s scent, so that he would recognise Tony pup when it was time to introduce the pair at the Breeding Gala.
“Keep still omega, you have been caught and now it is time for you to be tamed.  You will never again be free, you need to atone for your rebellious and divisive behaviour.  You will be disciplined and fucked every day and you will thank me for it, you will do exactly as l say or face the consequences.  Now do you agree to be my omega?  By saying yes you will show that you are repentant and that you are on the path to recovery.
Now he had Steve as his Alpha, was going to have a pup and did not have to worry about being a superhero or the stress of running a multi-international company that relied heavily on his inventions.  Here he could be proper omega, not the weird omega that behaved like an alpha and who questioned everything, who pinned after an almost oblivious Steve much to the amusement of the other Avengers.
We all must do our part to ensure our country rises to the forefront of the world and leads the way into a greater future for mankind.”
Closing her eyes, she drifted off, thankful that the long tablecloth hid her from view, the President of the United States was not going to flash his cock in public.  A harsh tug on her hair startled her, her face was pushed up against his wiry pubic hair as he thrust his cock fully down her throat, she new better than to struggle but couldn’t help the whimper of pain as he held her in place as his knot inflated.  This was one of his favourite ways of punishing her, of silencing her when she spoke out of turn.  She still couldn’t fathom how he could knot her mouth without any extra stimulation from her, it was humiliating and degrading but she could feel the dampness coating her thighs as her cunt spasmed and squirted. Only the large anal plug she always wore stopped slick from dripping on to the floor.
A new rule and one that is non negotiable is that you must call me daddy at all times, unless I specifically tell you otherwise.  I will not tolerate any disobedience on this matter, do you understand me baby boy?”
Running Stark Industries is going to be so much easier without having to deal with your antics, you have no idea of the stress you have caused me over the years how difficult you have made my job.  Well now after this meeting there will be no need for you to attend any more for a long time.  The last product launch has been moved forward to this afternoon.  It will also serve as a way to show the public and press that you are bonded without you having to speak to anyone.”
“That’s it baby, see how good you feel with my cock filling your dripping omega pussy, come on let it out, tell me what you want, do you want my knot or do you want to slide to your knees and swallow me down?  Or I could have Jarvis turn up the lights and the pack can watch as I first spank your glorious ass before I take you bent over the back of the couch whilst the others take turns feeding you as we wait for my knot to go down.”
“Tony, you know that I only want what is going to make you my perfect omega and I think that getting rid of those nasty little things will calm you down and make you more centred.  You will be able to focus on my pleasure without being distracted by your own needy desires.”
The crack of his palm as it met the soft flesh of his omega’s behind echoed loudly round the room. He waited for the count, giving the startles omega time to gather his wits.
Steve watched as his omega rocked back and forth, the heel of his foot pressing up into his crack, hands fondling his cock and tits. Slick coated his omega’s thighs and milk glistened on his taut belly as it dripped from his fat tits.
After his explanation, the doctor completed the rest of the physical exam on a very docile and unusually quiet omega.
I don’t understand why, but our bond is strong, and it pains me to be away from him, but l would rather suffer that pain forever than go back now.
There was still some way to go before this Tony relinquished all his previously learned omega behaviours. Before he truly embraced the truth that he was nothing, that his only reason for being was to serve his Alpha.  Tony may think he had feelings for him, but they could just be a transference from his own universe, but it was something to build on to take advantage of.
Steve vigorously rubbed the bar of soap over Tony’s tongue, the sides and roof of his mouth making sure every where was coated in thick soapy suds.  When he had finished he made Tony bite down on the bar of soap.
Tony had slept for another two hours, on waking he was quiet and withdrawn, not even happy to see Pepper sitting beside his bed.  Steve tried to get him to talk but was met with a sullen glare and a quietly muttered ‘fuck off’, which he assumed Tony hadn’t expected him to hear.  The minutes ticked by as they waited for the doctor to arrive, any attempt to engage Tony in conversation was met with failure.  Finally, the doctor, Ms Potts and nurse Stella entered the private room, Steve breathed a sigh of relief, wanting this part over so that he could welcome Tony in to the Pack, and get the rest of the Pack helping the new omega to adjust and become healthy and happy.
Winter didn’t even pause as he fucked Loki’s asshole, Steve just rolled his eyes as he finished of shooting another load down Loki’s throat.  Tucking himself in he moved towards Bruce, his place taken straight away by Thor.
“Once you have performed your poses, get dressed and go to the barn.  I have got you a milk cow, all you need to do is follow the instructions I have left for you to process her and harness her up.
Steve wanted to shake the doctor, the blobs on the screen were grainy and he was having difficulty making out what was causing the doctor to panic, he could see Tony staring intently at the screen and looking at the figures on the monitor.
Steve petted his omega’s soft curls, the cropped hair having finally grown out, so that he could get a firm hold of it if needed. Yes, he had hit the jackpot with this Tony, and with a few minor tweaks he would be perfect.
“Shhhh, baby boy, unless you want me to paddle your backside or maybe l should get the Pirates Captain to do it, would you like that Tony, having your punishment filmed for all to see, being a sex salve on an alien spaceship, servicing all kinds of alien space monsters?”
Come sit on my lap, l missed my morning cuddle, honey don’t be silly l don’t care if you have an accident, l, love you and all your imperfections.  I would never leave you just because you have some physical and mental health issues.  You are my husband and even though our marriage is not conventional, it does not mean how we chose to express our love is wrong.
Bruce waited forever the impromptu orgy to end before he went over to examine Darcy. Kneeling before him stripped of her harness and plugs he could see that she was a bit underweight and her breasts not the size he’d she would need to feed two babies.
Tomorrow we are going back to Mountain View and you are going to see your Therapist and have another course of conditioning therapy, tonight you will stay hanging on my cock and I am going to ensure that you will not be able to sit down for a week without it hurting.”
Give him time to embrace being an omega, allow him to find with your guidance a balance between submission to his Alpha, being Iron Man if that is still a possibility and his responsibilities to Stark Industries. It would be detrimental to his mental health at this time to cut him off from all his previous responsibilities at once, but gradually over the next year you will find he will become less interested in those aspects of his life as he begins to nest and submerse himself in Pack life.”
Tony slipped his hand in to Steve’s as they stood in front of the press, he wished he had a pair of sunglasses to hide behind, but Steve had said he didn’t need them since he wouldn’t have to speak or look directly at the cameras, even if the photographers shouted at him to do so.  He blushed when he felt a large hand slip below the back waistband of his jeans, fingers tapping against the base of his plug.
For days after he tried to avoid Steve, his stupid crush was getting out of hand, nothing could come of it, Alpha/Alpha bonding was still heavily frowned on and there was no way that he would want to become an omega.  Omegas had very few rights, they were ‘brides and breeders’ the creators of family dynasties.  They and everything they owned, belonged to their Alpha once bonded, a made omega was of an even lower status as there was no telling until the first breeding if they would produce pure pups.  Even then the dynastic line would take years to be recognised as worthy of ‘Bride Prices’.
“Well Captain Rogers I think we will get along famously.  I will continue as CEO Stark Industries and look after all finances in regards to you company and your private wealth.  If you are in agreement please read and sign these contracts and then you can get back to your omega, I will need his signature on one document before I go but other than that I will leave him in your more that capable hands.
Natasha smiled as Natty flinched once again from her touch, the bitch shivered as she scraped her long nails over her bald head.
After much struggling he managed to finally roll free of the beanbag, exhausted he lay on the thick carpet whilst waiting for his limbs to stop shaking.  Finally, he pushed up with his mitten covered hands until he was on his hands and knees, the thickness of the diaper between his  thighs causing him to spread his knees wider making him lose his balance and fall back to the carpet.  Minutes passed before he tried again, the soft music and the repeated words interspersed with it in Ste..Daddy’s voice ‘mio bel bambino’ soothing and distracting him from his task.
“ Don’t worry Tony I will keep them for a more formal occasion the board room not quite the right setting, I think the upcoming Maria Stark Foundation Gala will be a more appropriate setting to display such pieces and to formally introduce you into society as my bonded omega.
There we go, you are producing milk even though you have just fed Sarah, such a good little omega mommy, titties full of milk.  Gonna pump until those nipples are swollen and just begging to be bitten.”
Steve flushed at his bound cock jerked against his stomach, he was horrified that he was actually getting off on fucking himself in front of his captor, that he wanted to please him and put on a good show, in the hopes that his Watcher would praise him and maybe reward him with a gift, a little bit of luxury.
Once their knots had gone down enough, they pulled out filling his dripping holes with thick large plugs.  They moved Tony so that he was propped up by a mound of pillows in the middle of their bed.  Winter bound his hands and feet with silk cords whilst Steve fed him a special treat of grapes and blue berries between sips of cold water.  Once Tony was calm and lucid Steve pulled up a holo-screen with all the data Bruce and Dr Cho had prepared in regards, to the arc reactor removal surgery.
“Tony sweet heart I love you but I cannot go on like this, I just cannot bear to see you hurting yourself anymore, things are going to have to change.  This latest breakdown has shown me that I had to take control and make the hard decisions about your health and mental wellbeing, you are no longer capable making those decisions for yourself. I want you to listen to Dr Gottlieb’s prognosis and to the Conditioning therapy regime, can you do that for me baby?”
Scooping his omega up he carried him to the bathroom and lay him in the bathtub the warm water covering his pregnant belly, his breasts and pert nipples peaked out of the bubbles.  Quickly washing Tony’s hair, he then worked a soapy loofah along each pliant limb, spreading his omega’s knees he slowly ran the loofa across the tiny cock and along his perineum making sure to rub it just a bit harder as he brushed it back and forth over Tony’s pussy and arsehole.
“Pepper, you are such a disappointment, l suppose we are going to have to see if Bruce and the Professor can do any thing about your useless cunt, there is going to be a time when the Professor is going to want to fuck you.
“Captain shame on you getting caught out again, gonna have to be on you’re A game with me or else you might end up screwed!  Now it’s only fair I get to mark you as we are equals as Alphas in this relationship.”
Tony had remained oblivious to Howard’s deceit until his 13th birthday when it was officially announced that he had presented as an Omega.  Home schooled, isolated from the public and only interested in maths and engineering he had never focused on world history or any related subjects.  At his birthday and Omega presentation party he had mentioned to one of his father’s friends he was going to be Captain Steve Roger’s bonded omega when he came of age.  Once the man had stopped chuckling he had informed Tonty that Captain Roger aka Captain America was long dead, lost to the depth of the ocean during World War II.
Oh and just to make this interesting, you will hold in your piss until l allow you to release it, any accidents will punished and you will have to clean them up.”
Odin would question him afterwards and ask for his observations, it was satisfying to be able to speak freely and know that his opinion was valued. He knew never to speak in court, or to disobey or argue with Odin in public.
At the moment Tony was in full restraint, the nano tech body suit conformed to every part of his body and head.  Every orifice filled with a huge pulsating Phallus, deaf and blind to the world all he could do was feel the pain and pleasure that his Alpha provided.  Thick bands round his wrists, legs, waist, neck and head held him immobile, a feeding tube pumped his stomach full of nutrients, the last layer of muscle relaxing and allowing fat to cover the last trace of his six pack.
“Yes, my husband was very nearly the victim of an assault by a previous paramour, fortunately I was able to stop matters before Tony was sexually abused, but my poor darling has been mentally traumatized yet again and needed to spend a couple of days as an in-patient again at Mountain View Clinic.
Steve watched his sleeping omega and babies for some time before leaving to join the other Avengers to celebrate the birth of his pups.  Meg would be staying for the next two days to ensure the pups were doing well and Tony was healing.  Once she was satisfied that Tony was recovered and able to look after the pups properly on his own she would depart.
His own cock is hard and weeping but it he just stares at Tony’s flushed face, watches as his little alpha gathers himself back together, until he smiles up at him, his eyes bright and he asks what can he do for Steve as his hand closes round his thick heavy member.  He knows he might be pushing it but he wants to fuck those plump pink lips, but Tony is high on endorphins and will be more open to suggestion. This time he stares at his little alpha and puts more force behind his Alpha voice when he tells Tony that he wants him to suck his cock.  He watches as Tony fights his instincts, alphas don’t suck another alpha’s cocks, it just not done.
His private life was a mystery and a matter of much conjecture in the press and media.  There were no scandals, no kiss and tells, no sex tapes or paternity suits.  He was seen with a string of glamorous men and women, but none of them ever spoke a word about their time with the genius billionaire.
“Aye Sira, I know that Asgardian births are long, even with the pain relief they are given.  Do what you must I want Loki to have a natural birth, the same as did Omega Tony.”
“Lady Sophia, please taste this delightful new blend of herbal tea that my Darcy has introduced me too. It is very relaxing and tastes wonderful, will make you feel like a new woman.”
Last one is Frigga; Odin wants her bred one more time and fattened up ready for the Blacksmith. The healers say that Loki will birth all omegas this time, which has greatly pleased Odin, who is going to breed him himself straight away after, Loki won’t know what it is like to not be full of pups for the next few centuries.”
After he had plugged her holes and hosed her down with cold water to shock her out of her stupor, he made her crawl back up to the nursery, tits and belly swaying beneath her. Once he had fitted her feeding gag, he turned on the flow of high calorie feed, setting the timer for an hour. The Nanny bought in two of the new pups, helping them latch on, May, sank back against the cushions whimpering as the tiny mouths sucked on her tender teats, through the pain she held the pups tight against her breasts her omega instincts crying out to feed and protect the vulnerable pups.
Omega biology was so fucked up, an un bonded omega had some resistance against Alphas during work social and sexual encounters but once the bastard bit you the bond allowed for virtually no resistance to an Alpha’s will.  Illegal bonding was a crime but one that rarely reached the courts as there was often no proof and the omegas usually retracted any initial accusation by themselves or family due to the influence of their Alpha through their bond.  Domestic violence against a bonded omega was another crime hard to proof unless there were witnesses willing to testify or the omega in question had the courage to take the stand.  Tony had been proud of the work the Maria Stark Foundation had been doing for this cause and would be forever ashamed that he had allowed his Alpha to manipulate him into turning the Foundation’s support away from it.
Natasha thanked her lucky stars that she was incapable of having or carrying a baby, the Red Room had taken care of that and she had no regrets.  Steve whilst he acknowledged that she was a woman, saw her as an Alpha figure first, with an array is skills that would be an asset to the Avengers.
I will put in a call to Mountain Rise in the morning, Tony will need to see his therapist to talk and work through what happened.  I think you may also need to check on his conditioning treatment, especially if you have any difficulty getting him down in to his baby headspace.
The baby was small, but healthy and breathing well considering she was six weeks early.  The nurse had told him it was probably due to his super soldier serum and that Dr Banner was investigating the baby’s blood work to confirm.  Steve sat and held the sleeping infant, skin on skin for an hour, running a finger through the soft blond, downy hair.  He gently rubbed his wrist over the baby’s body, coating her in his scent.
Dr Gottlieb was willing to perform the procedure whilst Tony slept as it was only a matter of five injections in to the base of his penis and two behind his ball sac. Pain would be minimal due to the serum, which would also speed up the healing process.  The doctor informed him that he could expect a larger knot that normal due to the serum as it enhanced all physical attributes, but his baby boy would be able to take it due to the spell Drs Loki and Strange had performed to enhance the strength and elasticity of his anal ring.
Steve had been furious and demanded that Jarvis lock all access to his research and never allow him the use of all the chemicals at the same time, that could produce the suppressor.  The resulting tantrum that Tony had thrown due to this order and to his own anger at letting slip about his research had earned him a caning, followed by an hour of kneeling on the hardwood floor of the penthouse living room whilst his Alpha face fucked him and pumped his stomach so full of cum that he had to be carried to the sofa, he could not tell what had hurt the most his striped arse, bruised knees or his bloated and distended stomach.
“Come on Daisy, show the correct appreciation and gratitude to your’ Alphas for stuffing your sloppy boy cunt full of their fat cocks and giving you yet another fucking orgasm.”
The warm water of the shower hits his back as Steve pulls him to his feet and roughly scrubs him down.  Shampoo is massaged in to his hair and just as quickly rinsed out.  Steve makes quick work of drying him before sitting him naked before the vanity mirror.
No don’t pout, l don’t want you marking your skin, that’s for me to do sweetheart.  Now let’s slip on these cotton drawers before we go down to medical to see Bruce, don’t want anyone who isn’t pack seeing your little omega cock and your peachy bubble butt.”
It had been easy to get Stark to the Court House, Pepper had informed him that unless he went before the Judge to plea guilty to all his speeding tickets he would lose his driving licence. Since everyone knew how much he loved driving his ridiculously expensive sports cars Tony for once in his life did not kick up a fuss and accompanied by all the Avengers turned up on time and stood before the Judge dressed in his expensive tailored suit, sunglasses perched on the end of his nose, check book in hand ready to pay his fines and get on with his life.
Notify me when he reaches the tower, I need him to be guided straight to me in the penthouse. Ensure that the the pups are taken down to the lab and placed in the travel pods, if they wake before the Portal appears, use a mild sedative to keep them calm.
Steve ran his hands over Tony’s body checking for any bruises or cuts from his day in the work shop, satisfied there were no marks other than those he had put on his Omega he took the time to sit back and study his Omega.
“Hawkeye place Pepper on the breeding bench, l think that she needs a final reminder of what her fate will be if she steps out of line again.  Thor you can have the honour of reaming her holes and then Hawkeye can eat her out before Widow and l spit roast her.
“Thank you, Dr Gottlieb, I will work out a gentle training programme for my boy in the gym, I agree that he needs to continue with a structured feeding regime, I want a cuddly soft baby boy not a bag of bones.
“Come feed Sarah whilst l pick out what l want you to wear, we have an interview with Vanity Fair at midday.  You don’t need to worry about answering any questions, you just need to sit with me and look pretty.
JARVIS has a plan to ensure his creator is protected, its just a bit of a shame he listened and read as gospel that Steve's view of Alpha/Omega bonding was correct.
Tony alternated between sulking and crying in pain, he hated that Steve was treating him as if he were little, but at the same time soaked up all the attention he was getting.  Steve stayed with him, only leaving to get him food and drinks.  He had to use his diaper as he was not allowed to leave the bed, but Steve quickly changed it when he saw him squirming.  By the evening he was felling well and full of energy, apparently a side effect of the magic.
Steve took a few minutes to toy with Tony, taking his lips in a hard kiss, pinching his nipples and pressing his fingers on the back of his neck to send waves of calming omega pheromones through Tony’s body.
Steve slid across the seats and exited the limo in one smooth movement the leash held loosely in his hand, Tony remained kneeling waiting for his Alpha’s signal to rise and step out of the car, he could already hear the shouts of the reporters and the clicking of cameras along with the cheers of the crowd as the Avengers posed on the red carpet.
Fuming she climbed into bed, Natasha had allowed her to shower and wash her hair, but had not allowed her any night clothes.
The second photo was a shot of Pepper Potts and Happy Hogan’s wedding.  The bride’s dress appeared to be a modernized version of Emanuel Ungaro’s 1967 cotton playsuit with matching leggings.  The lace cotton playsuit had been re-designed into a thigh skimming dress, the leggings replaced with tight fitting over the knee, high heeled white leather boots that appeared to morph into lace stockings of the same design that ended an inch below the hem-line of the dress.
Now l am prepared to allow some leeway due to your exceptional circumstances.  Twenty hours maximum of work for Stark Industries is non negotiable, you can earn extra lab hours as good behaviour rewards from myself.
Tony’s head thrashed from side to side against the pillows, his whole body arching up chasing the fingers harshly fucking his holes teetering on the edge of release until his mind and body screamed for release.
Steve is an Alpha out of time but luckily for him his views on how Omegas should be allowed to act are coming back into fashion.
You will need to come to a decision on whether to fully castrate him in his male form, dock him or smooth him completely, this procedure will need to be carried out in both his male forms.  It will ensure that the last of his magic will wither and die along with any dominant traits he has previously displayed.  As an added bonus, either procedure increases the rate of clitoral growth afterwards.”
“Oh my this is totally not what I unexpected, oh dear this is a bit of a shock, this has never happened to me before I am so sorry.”
Parting his ass cheeks he pushed two oiled fingers into Tony’s asshole still slightly loose from being fucked earlier.  Scissoring his fingers he watch the ring of muscles stretch wider then added a third then fourth finger plunging them in and out faster and faster twisting them and catching Tony’s prostate with each pass making Tony’s body jerk and shudder trying to escape his building arousal.
Tony really was an exhibitionist, with a masochistic streak, just as Bruce had explained too him.  His submissive side deepened when he was placed in situations that encouraged his exhibitionism.   Whilst he was not a sadist he could ensure that through punishment and sexual dominance he could fulfil some of his omega’s masochistic tendencies.  If Tony needed more he was willing to explore Bruce’s offer to provide it, it had been a shock and surprise to find that Bruce was that way inclined, but he was curious to the see Bruce in action and there was going to be times that he was away on missions and that his omega would need a caretaker he could trust.
Steve traced the curves of his omega’s soft fleshy bubble butt, before reaching round to the front to release the buttons.  Pushing the drawers down so Tony’s dimpled butt was in full view, he did a quick inspection to make sure that both the omega’s plug and cock cage were still in place.
The same rings he had worn to his last board meeting were slipped onto his toes along with ankle cuffs to match his wrists.
I will help you all I can, when the time comes for you to retrieve your omega, Steve had no right to steal him away, knowing he was bonded to you and pregnant.  The other Avengers only tolerated me because they were scared of the Hulk, Tony was the only one who treated me as a friend and cared what happened to the Hulk and myself.
“Ummmmm, Loki’smilkcameinandittastedyummyandljustcouldntstopandnowIfeelallfunnyandtinglyandhappyandhornyandIwantyourcocksprettyplease.”
I promise if you get me out of here right this minute I will stop drinking completely, I will take my meds properly and you can call that therapist you are always wanting me to see.  I will even go to board meetings and sleep when you want me too.  Please Steve this place is scary and that nurse gives me the creeps.!”
“He isn’t my daddy he’s my husband,  stupid baby play, don’t like it, not going to be treated like a baby anymore makes me feel sick, Ty could have r..raped me because l’m so weak cause of Steve!”
“Good morning Alpha, Bruce, l hope we have not kept you waiting to long?  Pepper was a bit resistant to my choice of attire for her this morning and obviously tired from her excursions last night.”
Winter is fascinated by the size of his omega’s nipple, grazing his teeth along the sensitive nub he bites down over the dark areola hard enough to bruise but not break the soft skin, the pained hiss of his omega only encouraging him to worry at the bruised skin further. Sucking hard his mouth floods with milk, the taste strange at first but as he continues to suckle his taste buds awaken to the sweet honey taste.
Pressing the remote he downsized the butt plug, sliding it out easily before placing it in Pepper’s mouth, enjoying her look of disgust at the taste. Another tap and the plug filled her mouth, her lips stretching obscenely wide around the base of the plug. Pulling her cheeks apart he slid into her gaping hole, the channel still full of his cum aiding his way as he showed no mercy, pounding her hole, fingers bruising her slim hips.
Tony screamed until hoarse his throat burning, whimpering with pain he lay lax over Steve’s lap exhausted and wrung out.  Finally he found the words that he wanted and needed to say.
Steve waited with bated breath for Tony’s response, he desperately wanted to hear Tony call him Daddy, it would be confirmation that all the painstaking planning that had gone in to reaching this stage had been worthwhile. Cupping Tony’s cheek he turned his face towards him and waited.
“Jarvis once Tony has seen to the pups and they have settled, please increase the size of his plug and dildo to the maximum setting and have him come find me. If the Avengers return before this, direct him to wait by the bed in the master suite.”
“As you can see her vaginal passage is quite dry, only producing a small amount of juice when stimulated, this is quite common in Betas.  Now l can put in a patch that will stimulated the production of her vaginal secretions so that it’s easier to fuck her without wasting time preparing her, I can also do her back hole as well if you want.”
The heavens opened as he dragged it back to the cabin, he couldn’t just drop it and run for cover, he just needed to have the mirror close. After he had eaten, he investigates the wooden trunk, the straps were old and broke easily, he set the buckles aside. The trunk contained what appeared to be part of a lady’s wedding trousseau, lingerie, night gowns, stockings and dainty slippers, folded at the bottom were two beautiful, embroidered sheets, and a half finished one with the needles and threads in a velvet bag.
Their omegas are Dean Winchester, Danny Williams, Tony DiNozzo, Jasper Sitwell, Ruby, Happy Hogan, Scott Lang and finally my omega bitch Everett Ross.
Through the open door he could see his Alpha head thrown back in the throws of passion as she rode Happy’s cock as he lay bound beneath her.
Steve grabbed hold of Tony’s hips large hands pulling apart his omega’s arse cheeks so he could watch his cock sliding deeper and deeper with each push, a shout of pleasure escaped him as his knot started to swell battering against the puffy abused rim demanding entrance.  He kept thrusting until he managed to push his knot inside moaning at the sensation of his knot fulling inflating tying his omega
The following hours were highly stressful for Steve, he hated seeing his poor baby in such discomfort and distress but he steeled himself to endure after all he was doing the right thing for Tony.  His poor baby tearfully begged for him to make the pain to stop promising Steve that he would be a good boy, curled in a tight ball he clutched Steve’s hand tightly as his body expelled all the remaining toxins, either through the hemopurifier or the fluids being flushed through his colon and out the large tube that had been inserted in his anus.
You are bonded to Tony and have taken on his child, you are his Alpha and his Dominant, he belongs to you to do with as you want, this will not change.
Steve and Bucky were the only two to witness the still form of their broken omega being placed into the Cradle by Bruce and Dr Cho.  Dr Wu had departed his work done and the rest of the medical staff dismissed, they wanted no outsiders witnessing the recuperative powers of the Cradle.
“Tony would you like me to wash you, l don’t mind at all, you deserve to be pampered, l do so enjoy taking care of you and you can always reward me for it later.”
Steve had made him design and make the metal sheaths in decreasing sizes much to his dismay and embarrassment. The sheath was then pulled down and back, the anal hook attached and locked once more into the butt plug, the strip of metal also served to keep the wand in place as well.
Tony wasn’t happy that Daddy had left him alone and he didn’t want to sit on the strange man’s lap, but Daddy had his no nonsense face on, and that never bode well for him if he argued back.  Giving a last, longing look at his block tower he settled on the Judge’s knee and shyly looked up through his lashes at the old man.
Steve took his time stroking and petting his omega’s naked back, whilst keeping one hand pressed against the small bundle of nerves on his neck, releasing a constant wave of soothing pheromones.  Jiggling the base of the plug filling his hole he motioned with his eyes for Jarvis to set it to vibrate. Pumping three fingers in to the wet heat of Tony’s cunt he smiled as Tony’s angry curses turned into breathy moans of need and want.
“Well done Steve, such a good, brave soldier for following my order.  Now let’s just relax and enjoy the warmth of your omega’s holes.
“What the hell is going on, how did you get that muzzle off? Why are you trying to escape? I am trying to save you from that sadistic bastard of an Alpha.
Tony waited for Steve’s agreement, as the silence dragged on, he started to feel somewhat nervous. He felt on edge and wanted to escape and hole up in his workshop, the calmness and sense of fulfilment of earlier had abruptly drained away and his mind was berating him for caving in to such slutty omega behaviour, flashes of Howard and Obie’s discussions of pathetic, useless, fat omegas they had bedded at a whore house on a trip abroad played on a constant loop. His stomach roiled when he thought of the amount of food he had ingested, god he was so disgusting!
Pepper came back to herself as she was led back onto the set, her makeup, hair and body paint had been reapplied.  The thick leather collar was still round her neck, but now her arms were sheathed behind her back, and she was wearing high platform boots, the feet in the shape of cows’ hoofs.  Her nipples had large alligator teeth clamps attached, that bit painfully into her tender flesh, she could feel thick bands circling the base of her breasts pushing them up and out, and her mouth was held open once again by an o ring gag that was already making her jaw ache.
The second photo was the cover of Time Magazine, Steve and Winter were standing in full uniform, vibranium arm and shield in full view, Tony kneeling between them head bowed, body artfully draped in the American flag the curve of his pregnant belly prominently on display along with a half exposed naked breast.  Captain America’s hand cupped his neck whilst Winter’s metal fingers clasped his shoulder. The perfect image of Alpha dominance and Omega submission, a tantalising display of perfection.
At first the warmth radiating from his clit as Sira sucked on it had him unwillingly humming with pleasure, but as she relentlessly worked his clit with her tongue the heat became more intense until pain overtook pleasure and it felt as though his clit was being stabbed with thousands of tiny heated needles.  Sira was relentless, no matter how much he cried out for her to cease, she kept sucking and biting his clit and swollen lips.
Tony hated to tell them but knew through the bond he would not be able to keep the vault secret now that he had been asked a direct question.  He had only been to the vault once as a child when it had been initially built and once as an adult to update the security protocols.  The contents of the vault had held no interest to him as he hated any reminder of his childhood and his father.
The words had hardly left his mouth, before Sira’s hand repeatedly slapped his exposed clit until he could feel nothing but burning heat, that had him begging for her to stop.
Now I need you to sheath your cock in her cunt and fuck her hard, ensuring that you come in all over her cunt lips and her clit, then you need to massage it into her lips and clit. After that the ice crystals will react to only your touch and that of mine.  Our touch will lock and unlock the rings, cause them to increase or decrease in size and weight, with a simple magic spell. The ice crystals injected into her clit will react with the cum and encourage the growth of new nerves and tissue thus making it larger and easier to stretch and manipulate.
Mr President, would it be possible for our bitch to spend the day in the Milking Barn, make a start on her titties getting big again, I fancy having her milk in my coffee every day.
Bruce’s knot exploded when Steve followed his order, he could smell the other Alpha’s cum as it spilled down Tony’s throat, his own cum pulsed into the omega’s pussy as he firmly pressed his fingers against Steve’s furled hole.  He smiled when the Alpha pressed back if only for a few seconds, until he realised what he was doing.
His cum flooded Tony’s throat in a matter of moments, he could feel Tony swallowing frantically trying not to choke on spill any, he knew Tony would not be able to succeed there was just too much, he could already feel some spilling out of his lips and dripping onto his chin.
Steve had informed him that part of his duties as the pack omega bitch was to provide comfort and sustenance to all members of the pack when required in any way that his Alphas ordered, his service and submission necessary to strengthen the developing pack bonds.
The signing of the paperwork took longer than needed as she made a show of reading each document before adding her signature, another mark against her.
Once Tony’s breathing had evened out and his body lay heavy against his chest he carried his sleeping Omega back to their bed.  Placing him on his side he cuffed Tony’s wrists together and chained them to the headboard, he did the same with his ankles.  Tony had room to turn but would not be able to leave the bed.  Covering him with a sheet he asked Jarvis to direct him to the workshop and to ensure that the furnace was heated to the correct temperature.
“There we go I bet that feels much more comfortable, now let’s sit you up and get you into these lovely pyjamas that your Captain Rogers bought specially for you.”
Now I think you better be getting back to Ms Pepper I don’t want either of us facing her wrath if you are late for the quarterly board meeting this afternoon.”
“Look at you baby, so good for your Alpha, now I am going to place some pillows behind you and between you legs so that you can lay on your side in comfort for a while and get used to the plug, once you laying on your back you will continuously feel the pressure on your rear.”
Steve wondered how much the Wolf had comprehended but decided he would just go over it again when the soldier made an appearance.  Sometimes he wondered if he should have let the vet wipe him of the soldier, but he couldn’t bear the thought of killing off what little of Bucky might be hidden deep within.
Pushing her knees up towards her breasts he thrust into her sopping hole, setting a brutal pace he pounded her cunt whilst baring down on her doubled up body, he smirked as the panic set in when she realized that she couldn’t draw a breath, trapped as she was under his weight and with her bent legs pressing against her sternum.
“Such a naughty boy, you are getting your mouth washed out so you may as well stop struggling, maybe this will make you think twice before using such foul language.  Good little boys should be polite and respectful when they speak to adults and especially when they talk to their daddy.”
Tony knew he had no choice but to obey, his rear end was throbbing with pain as his heels dug in to the tender flesh.  Taking a breath, he began to suck on the teat swallowing down the thick creamy liquid, his face burning red along with his butt. Slick dripped from his hole as Steve caressed his cheek praising him for his good behaviour.
Oh my god! Look at how he just opens up and takes everything he is given, just goes to prove that omegas are nothing but cock sluts and useless for anything else but servicing their Pack.”
“What the fuck was that! You just peed yourself, what the hell is wrong with you, what kind of perverse behaviour makes it ok to piss whilst we are knotted.”
“Come on Tony Pup, on your cushion, resting presentation mode, do not embarrass us by misbehaving, you will not like the consequences.”
Have to say CACW has made me so angry but the flood of even more Steve/Bucky stories is also driving me mad. That's just me though,  I just want a good long Steve/Tony fiction or Tony/Bucky with no Civil War in sight.  I just cannot see Steve and Tony as a couple after the events of the film.
“No, you don’t get an orgasm from this, you will wait until l decide that you have behaved enough to deserve one.”
The five minutes seem more like five hours, before he feels his Alpha remove the considerably smaller bar of soap from his mouth, he doesn’t think of him as Steve in this moment, not with the sense of power and dominance he can feel exuding from him.  He rinses and spits as directed, not complaining when the glass of water is taken away to quickly for him to have removed all the disgusting suds from his mouth.  There is a sense of anticipation in the room, no one is moving or speaking, he feels all their eyes upon him, waiting for what he is not sure, he just wants to curl up and cry and forget about his stupid outburst.
Pepper you need to fuck Natty’s asshole, the stimulation of your knot will increase the pressure on her cunt to contract and loosen.
“Fury, what the hell is going on? Medical won’t let us see Tony, they will not tell us anything about his condition, just that we had to report direct to you for debriefing, what’s happened, the field medic at the scene told us it was a clean break and would just need a cast.”
I seriously suggest you think about your actions and how thoroughly you have disappointed everyone who has tried to help you, especially your husband.  Try putting his needs first for a change and stop being so selfish.”
“Fuck, is that hygienic after he has pissed and cum all over her?  Oh my god is how many rings is he going to use on her cunt flaps? How the hell did he get that ring through her nose?
He was all alone, wet, hungry and scared he could not help the pacifier muffled wail that escaped his liips
Thor my son, I want your whore to stay with me for a time during the quickening of each pregnancy.  There will be no need for you to accompany the slag, Sira will keep her in line.  I find her mouth most pleasing and a cock
Scooping up his cum he pushed his fingers into Tony’s mouth making him lick them clean time and time again. The rest he rubbed into his omega’s tits and belly, scent marking his omega, warning off any other Alpha ensuring they would know that Tony and the pups were his.
Tony whole body flushed red with humiliation at the treatment being meted out, his mortification knew no bounds as his orgasm ripped through him and his swollen lips parted;
Your penis will eventually break the hard mucus plug and fully connect the birth canal to his breeding pouch when the pups are ready to be born. You will know the signs as he will start producing copious amounts of slick from his birthing canal to aid in the delivery.”
When we get back to the penthouse I want you to go straight to the bathroom to shower and clean yourself inside and out.  I want you on your hands and knees in the middle of our bed within 30 minutes.  On the bedside cabinet will be two cum shakes I expect you to drink both of them.
“Come on sweetheart, let’s hear the doctor’s report and then I think you deserve a treat, how about lunch at Milo’s?  It caters exclusively for Alphas and their omegas I can’t wait to show those other Alphas how beautiful you are.”
Her holes ached from the continuous fucking she had received throughout the night.  Alpha had not allowed her to come and had brutally pounded her holes without any care for her comfort or enjoyment.  His angry face had haunted her dreams and she wanted noting more that to throw herself at his feet and beg him to give her another chance, to allow her to prove what a good obedient omega she could be.
Cold hard fingers tugged at the plug in his ass until with a loud squelch it pulled free leaving his gapping hole exposed, only to be filled by a thick metal phallus.  The girth and length were extreme, a product of one of Tony’s sleep deprived inventing sprees.  Tony had only used the suit once to help him through an unexpected mini heat, as soon after that Steve had forced bonded him.
Omega numbers have dropped in recent years as more of them have chosen to take illegal suppressants or run away to more liberal countries where they can choose not to bond.  But things are coming full circle, even the more liberal countries have realised that birth rates are dropping rapidly, omegas are becoming more uncommon as only an Alpha/Omega bond can produce omega pups.  The number of Alphas is far greater than omegas and Alpha feral ruts are becoming more common.
Howard had always said that he was a pathetic excuse for an Alpha, not strong or big enough, an embarrassment because he was to soft and trusting, look at Ty and Sunset.  Perhaps he was right, but who would have thought that Captain America would turn out to be such a cold, calculating, devious bastard.
Steve waited impatiently for his knot to deflate, once he could slide his still hard cock out without too much resistance, he flipped his omega on to his front, hauling his hips up and pushing into the tight hole of his ass,  the slick filled channel easily sucking his cock in to it’s warm, wet heat.
Daisy gazed up at him, cheeks stained red, eyes begging silently to not force him do what was required, fat tears rolled down to splash on his fingers held under her chin.  Squeezing her jaw lightly he rubbed one of his fingers over her tiny cock then pushed up on her plugged holes just as Jarvis set the dildos to vibrate and fully inflated the nano- knots.  His little cow shuddered and jerked in the stocks trying to escape the onslaught of sensations caused by the vicious thrust of the dildos and the burning stretch of knots.
Hours later he bathed his blissed out omega, before settling back with him in their now clean bed.  He traces his fingers overTony’s cum filled belly, fingers massaging the soft mound of flesh, imagining how large his belly will be filled with his babies.  For now he is content to slip his cock back into Tony’s still loose asshole and gently fuck the omega awake.
Thor slammed his cock into Winter’s still loose hole without any prep or use of oil to ease his way, it was of no concern to him that he was causing Winter to rip and bleed, as he brutally thrust in and out, hands squeezing his hips to drag him closer.  There was pleasure to be had in the alpha’s howls and broken cries, in the blood seeping out of his wrecked hole, his knot popped, he roared as his cum flooded the fallen alpha’s ass, the highest mark of shame for any alpha in the realm of Asgard.
Hmmm… I think maybe just for once you have actually managed to behave as you are supposed to, only one tiny little blip at the Gala thankfully no one noticed so I am going to allow you this last orgasm before your useless little cock stays soft for the rest of your pregnancy.”
Tony struggled to get away from Steve, kicking and hitting his hands against his chest, screaming, and crying.  He did not care that daddy had given him two warnings to stop or face the consequences of his now fully blown tantrum.
Blood red eyes stared down at him as he writhed and begged, cruel lips teasing his nipples, nipping and sucking until the chilled teats gained some warmth, only to blow artic breath once again over each throbbing teat.  Tony could do nothing but lay there as the other omega teased his body to the brink but never allowed him that elusive orgasm. He could now smell the arousal of his Alphas and the rest of the Pack, hopefully Steve would give Loki permission to fuck him to completion.
Happy jabbed his fingers into her cunt, then held them up for everyone to see, his fingers were soaked with Pepper’s pussy juice.
Steve and Bucky had fucked him until all his holes were dripping cum, then they had taken to shooting there loads all over his head and body, massaging it into his skin and hair drowning him in their scent until was a heaving sobbing mess, his tiny cock hard and aching as it rubbed against the underneath of his belly. His nipples chaffed raw by the back of the sofa.  Gasping and panting, drowning in alpha pheromones he had only been able to give one answer when finally ordered to come.
Steve followed Bruce’s instructions unstrapping the omega and gently pulling his holes free of the huge vibrating dildos.  He carried him to the bathroom placing him in the warm water using a cloth to clean the blood and cum from his body.  The marks on his breasts had already begun to fade and the cuts on his thighs had closed to thin red lines.
The nursery was another project to work on, the guest suite in the penthouse he decided was the ideal place as it would need the least alterations.  Most of what he needed or wanted was easy enough to order on line and have delivered the following day to the Avengers common floor, Steve and Bucky would bring it up to the penthouse not wanting strangers in their living quarters.
Steve watched as Tony moved Amelia so that she could latch on to his nipple, her hungry cries fading as she began to suckle.
Fisting Tony’s cock he jerked if to full hardness then methodically scrapped away all the dark curls surrounding it and the light fur covering his ball sac the only sound the hitching of Tony’s breath whenever the razor ran over his cock or balls.  Undoing the ankle cuffs he turned Tony to face the wall and once again secured him legs spread wide. Repeating the same process he removed all Tony’s remaining body hair ending by spreading his ass cheeks and gliding the razor along his crack and over his hole.
Tony gasps and moans as both Alphas fuck into him, nailing his prostrate with each thrust, he tries to raise his hips to meet each thrust but he is pinned beneath their combined weight, his tiny cock rubbed raw by the friction of is Alphas pubic hair, their heavy cum filled balls slapping against his burning cheeks.
“Mmmmm…… so sweet Tony, gonna have to make sure you produce enough for our little alpha daughter and her daddy.”
Steve knew Tony was going to hate what was about to happen even more than the boardroom, but his cock was already hard at the thought of his omega suckling on his cock in full view of the other Avengers, dependant on his Alpha’s release for his nourishment.  It would also serve to show Tony he really was the lowest member of the pack and that when in their company he had to wait until everyone else had eaten before he could have sustenance.
Steve meanwhile had swapped the spider gag for a penis gag with a feeding tube. Picking up the first bottle of cum shake he attached it to the gag and began to pump it slowly down the feeding tube, grabbing hold of Tony’s hair after he tried to turn his face away he paid no attention to the silent pleading of his omega.
Tony submitted to Steve’s brisk round of smacks, knowing that he thoroughly deserved his punishment, he would have to apologise to Bruce and Hulk, probably Clint as well now he thought about it. Perhaps Hulk would like his Jelly Beans oh, but he really wanted the ones that Happy had given him, maybe he could persuade Steve to allow him to buy a big barrel full of them for Hulk.
“Another time Captain, we will celebrate once all the legalities have been completed and this omega is thoroughly bound and captured.”
Training over the last few weeks had been going extremely well, Tony has excelled when he had his second appointment with the Omega Registry the previous week.  His presentation positions were perfect, and he had been able to hold all five, first level traditional omega sexual positions for the required time.  On top of which he had shown excellent form in preforming fellatio whilst keeping his own cock from hardening.  The Inspector had confirmed that Tony had achieved the first level of traditional omega training and had been equally impressed with the amount of weight the omega had gained since his last appointment.
All this flitted through his mind as he reached for his weapon only to find that it was not in its holster under his desk. Shit! He was never going to live this down, assassinated in his own office with no gun to even take revenge on his killers before he died.  Good job he was going to be dead so he would not be around to hear everyone laughing.
He had to get away, it didn’t matter that was impossible to walk on the bone and glass he still had to try, Steve Rogers was not some Alpha’s bitch, his Watcher would never claim him.
The President left early, both his bitches still asleep, he penned a note and left it on his pillow for BB, he was by no means finished with her and he let security know that the suite was on lockdown until he returned.  BB had one chance to do as he wanted, in order for her to stay.  He was betting that she would need an outlet for her anger and pain and wasn’t the kind to run away and feel sorry for herself.
Come back after milking, by then your cunt will be burning up, you can warm my cock, Odin has no need for you on the Palace tonight.”
Steve’s large hands pinned Tony to the wall and with one thrust breached his hole entering him fully making Tony scream with pain and pleasure.  Each thrust of his huge cock lifted Tony off his feet the rubber cuffs tightening around his ankles.  The constant burn of his Alpha’s cock stretching his abused hole wide and massaging his prostrate made him scream louder and louder as the pressure built.  Steve bit down on his mating mark and jerked Tony’s cock once before releasing it.
Pulling Tony close to his chest he kissed the back of his neck and sucked on the mating mark revelling in the taste and smell of Tony’s scent. His cock hardened and he rubbed it along Tony’s crack and between his thighs, his thoughts on what brand to use and where to place it he drifted off to sleep.
“Steve, l think that the best way forward if you still want her to be useful is to give her a first injection using the 30/70 ratio.  This will nullify extremis, but also dampen her Alpha neurotransmitters, l will not be able to determine the level of adjustment until she has been tested  over a period of time, but if the result is not within the range needed l can give her another injection with a higher ratio.
Her plan was actually working, the only thing that could fuck it up was presenting as an omega.  But even then, she would make it work for her, she had suppressants hidden in her bags and was on birth control.  There was always a way to work a plan, you just had to look at all the angles and be prepared.
“I suppose I should be grateful that you have bothered to inform me beforehand, but I am fucking pissed off that you have taken the decision away from me, this is my life that is on the line, my pups that could be left being raised by you two stupid knot heads without their momma, and yes I know that it is for the best and that even with the low level of serum you have passed on to me I am still at risk of heart failure, 45 seconds and I would be dead if the reactor failed.
“Give it ten minutes then bring him down to the Hulk Room, you can stay and watch but Hulk is in charge, if he wants your help with anything he will let you know.”
I am really struggling not to make this in to a dark fic, so this chapter was a pain to finish. But after this one it will be on to the care and feeding of Tony Stark, trainee Omega:)
You must join with the omega and place your mark, yours and Thor’s power combined will alter the threads of fate.”
Your punishment will be to wear this spider gag until you can deepthroat any cock without gagging or pulling off.  You will make yourself available for any Avenger to use and you will warm my cock all night until I say otherwise.
Tony licked the cum and slick coated fingers pushed between his lips, the bitter sweet taste of the mingled fluids set his taste buds alight, he moaned with annoyance as his tongue chased Steve’s fingers as they pulled back from his lips.
“No, you can’t be Tony, you didn’t recognize me, and you flinched away from my touch, my Tony would know me anywhere, any time.  You are lying.”
Please l need to do this, I know that it is going to be impossible to break the bond fully but this is a step to showing you that I am going to be the Alpha that you deserve.”
Bucky’s callous fingers tugged on their omega’s cock, rolling the soft lump of flesh between them. Tony’s cock twitched at the rough handling but stayed soft, his body had reached the stage of pregnancy where getting hard or orgasming was extremely difficult.  Steve’s hand covered Bucky’s as they continued to jerk off their frustrated omega.
“Steve I am going to reset Friday’s programming and protocols around Tony, now that you are his Alpha there needs to be restrictions in place so that he cannot access certain data, the lab and especially the Iron Man armour without permission. I am going to bring online a new A.I. that will be dedicated to scientific research and running the Portal programming algorithm, I will restrict access to just myself for now as the program is incredibly sensitive.”
But he has forgotten that is what he did when he first became Captain America, you ever heard of the phrase ‘Fake it until you make it.”?
He had bought his Omega down to the work shop early that morning, Tony had been jittery and unfocused unable to concentrate on his training from the moment he had woken him up.  After 30 minutes of constant correction which had resulted in a punishment spanking JARVIS had suggested that maybe Tony needed to be in his work shop as usually when he got this manic it was the only thing that calmed him down and helped him focus.
Tony quickly kicked off his boots and stripped out of his overalls, still scratching at the reddened skin on his arms and thighs.
“Nnng……. Ahhh……Steve please stop I am not a chew toy. I can’t take any more, they are too sore! Get off me I’m all fucked out, surely even your super soldier dick must need a rest every now and again!”
There is a personal price to pay each time the doctors use these new found magical arts which is way the financial cost is so high.
Stomach finally full of the sweet nectar he drew back and started to fuck his omega in earnest, large hands still grasping both tits. Tony’s whimpering and whining only makes him more aroused as did the steady trickle of milk from the breast he had not emptied. Scooping some of the milk on to his fingers he pushes them in to Tony’s mouth.
When the official filmed segment hit the TV stations everyone watched how submissive and beautifully behaved you were, how you glowed when we talked about our pups.  The sight of your pregnant belly proudly displayed for all to see and your eagerness to bear more pups for your Alphas ensured that any dissenting Alphas were won over.”
“Mr President it is an honour for our omega that you have taken the time to acknowledge him, can l offer you his mouth, he is very talented.”
There was an innocence to Tony’s face now, that awake or asleep never failed to make him desire to hold him tight and protect him from the world and any hurt it could inflict.  Unfortunately he also wanted to inflict all the dark thoughts and desires running through his mind.  Tony belonged to him in any way that he desired and by the end of this stay his boy would once again realise and accept his place.
Tony floated, he was vaguely aware of the tug on his nipples and the occasional nip of sharp teeth on the tender flesh of his breasts, he tried to imagine what his body would look like without the arc reactor, but it had been years since that time, the chronic pain didn’t even faze him so used to it as he was, the masochist in him secretly revelled in the fact that he was never without it.  Hearing Steve’s sharp intake of breath made him realise that the link was still open and now his Alpha had discovered yet another closely guard secret of his.
“Oh some ones been a bad little omega again, not that I am surprised you never could do as you were told always acting out, begging for any kind of attention with your outrageous behaviour and whoring ways.  I am so relieved that I do not have to deal with it any more you are such a fuck up you do not deserve an Alpha like Steve Rogers!
You will need to be aware that the next few weeks are going to be extremely difficult for you, both physically and mentally.  It is going to take time for your body to heal and for your hormones to reach an even balance, once you reach a healthy weight your first heat will hit.
“Wonderful Andre, maybe next time we will go shorter, but this is perfect, now get her to makeup and then dressed in one of her new outfits.  Alpha Rogers is expecting us for a Pack dinner.”
Widow watched BB, she could tell the beta was pissed off with being treated like a servant, but was obviously resisting losing her temper.  She guessed from her scent the stupid girl had thought she would be the next President’s mistress, but now she was a newly presented, useless dry beta cunt and had no real sway over him apart from being the first omega’s cousin.
Now before dinner l would like to introduce you to the new beta alpha of Stark Industry, she has agreed to be part of the ‘Omega for a night’ charitable auction we are holding and the winner will have the pleasure of her company for the whole of tonight, so start your bidding on the Stark pads at your table, the other participants will follow after and once all bids are made and the prizes given to their owner for the night we will sit for dinner after which will be the official presentation of Omega Tony Stark Rogers.”
Steve thrust up lazily into Tony’s loose sloppy hole feeling slick and cum dripping out onto his thighs Tony moaned and squirmed with each thrust, his raw sensitive channel desperately trying to clench around the invading erection.
