“No,” Steve said as he pulled her onto his lap, engulfing her in a bear hug and soaking in her words. “You have nothing to apologize for, I should’ve requested today off. I’m so sorry Jo, if I remembered you wouldn’t have ended up drunk at his grave.”
“Of course not Morgan, I was just teasing,” Clint said as he plucked Morgan up out of the stroller and into his arms.
Bucky was sitting on the couch with a sleeping Peter in his lap, his index finger held up to his lips for emphasis. The two men immediately quieted and walked carefully over to the other super soldier holding their son.
She looked back at him skeptically, eyes squinting at him but ultimately scooting over close enough for him to grab her. Minding her sore bottom, he carefully brought her over to sit comfortably in his lap. When she didn’t yelp in pain, he kept her steady with one arm while reaching the other one out to grab the tablet.
“Just after 5 pm here, baby girl,” she heard her Pop say as she settled under covers. “Your Dad and I should be there tomorrow night, okay?”
They decided to get the toughest critic out of the way first and honestly, the one who’s opinion they valued most.
“Oh, honey,” he said as he tightened his hold on her. “I’m okay, It was just a bad dream. I’m alive and well, I promise I’m not going anywhere, okay?
“I didn’t say this was a date Mr. Stark,” Steve said, rolling his eyes fondly and smiling more than he has in weeks.
“M-mm,” Clint mumbled, hunching his body up as he refused to answer the question, but still staying in his love’s embrace.
“It’s all gravy, I kind of liked you too.” Wade said, as if it was not the big deal Peter was imagining in his own head.
It was of a note Peter had written for him {I LOVE DADDY} for Father’s Day, including a small drawing of the two. Steve smiled as he bent down to kiss that scar as well, chuckling when Tony ran his hands through his blonde hair in approval.
"And you two were occupying your workout area, so we thought this room had enough space to practice."
“That’s not my name,” she finally said between gritted teeth. This made the three assholes laugh again, Peter moving to stand between them but was stopped when Wade did it for him.
“Yeah well you were taking too long,” she muttered back to him in a childish way, making Tony think maybe she was younger than he thought.
“Chance for what?” Steve said as Tony went to pick up the guitar, standing on his tippy toes to put it on top of the bookshelf. “Tony,” Steve began to chastise, immediately stopping when the brunette sent a death glare his way.
Steve somehow – who was she kidding, he was a damn super soldier – managed to pin Em under his legs, holding a squirming Peter in his arms, taking a breath before speaking again.
“So. I obviously spoke with your parents,” he said nervously. Peter tried to stop the smile on his face at his fluster.
“– VATICAN BLUE OMAHA,” she said – momentarily shutting down Jarvis’ controls – before pushing the floor button. The elevator began going down, glad for the momentary distraction. She
“I don’t know what it’ll take to convince you that you are in fact my child,” he said as he reached a hand out to firmly grasp her shoulder. “But I’m willing to spend the rest of my life convincing you,” he finished with a smile, glad to see her return it. Her smile disappeared a moment later, a frown forming as pain took over her face.
“I love you Steve,” the man confessed as he made eye contact with him in the rearview mirror, “but right now? I need you to get the fuck out of my car.” The sound of the doors unlocking shook Steve out of his trance, nodding as he made his way out of the car and onto the sidewalk.
“You’re wrong by the way,” Steve said with a smile, enjoying the confused look on the pup’s face. “Your father? He does want you. And he has loved you since the moment he saw you jump off the monkey bars.” Steve smiled as the pup rearranged himself, turning to fully face the Alpha.
“I asked your father to come help convince you not to completely ruin the company,” Obadiah explained in a casual way, as if this wasn’t Tony’s worst nightmare.
“Harley, I promise you, I’m not after your Daddy for his money. I just...I really, really like him. But it sounds like your Daddy’s exes haven’t always been like that, huh? Sounds like you’ve run into a few people who treated your Daddy wrong...maybe treated
“I think I’m just going to sit here and wait for you,” she said as she gestured to the comfy seats in the lounge area. He offered her a nod in response before heading towards the elevators.
“JOSEPHINE!” she heard him bark, startling her as she cowered away from the sliding door. Bill stood, mouth gaping as her Dad suddenly came into view.
He scrubbed his hands over his face as he sat back on the bed, giving the blonde space to get a better control on his breathing.
Steve easily returned it, frown still on his face as he burrowed himself into Buck’s neck. His brother just tightened his hold on him as Steve felt traitorous tears start to burn his eyes.
He then gently rolled the man over to focus on the scars along his back, adding his hands to roam over the man’s olive-skin. He found himself smiling again as he kissed the tattoo on his upper shoulder, smile brightening when his love chuckled below him.
But the Alpha just took it in stride, wrapping his arms around the Omega while maintaining eye contact.
“Just an older brother,” Clint answered honestly, stuffing his face more with this delicious chocolate cake.
“Romanoff, stay out of this,” Steve said without any real anger. “I’ll talk to her Sam, where is she?” he asked the man. Sam looked confused back at Steve.
“Tell him we’ll meet him on the first floor. Alright cub, you need to get dressed for being in public. And shoes are included in that.” Daci couldn’t help but frown, her father well aware how much she hated shoes. And since she had spent most of the last few months in the tower, she rarely wore them.
Hulk tired out quickly after that, stumbling after her and eventually making his way back to the group, plopping down in defeat.
Joey managed to kick her a little, but got slapped back across the face by Alex to do any other damage.
Maybe he should’ve taken those sports scholarships he was offered. Maybe he should’ve applied for more schools. Whatever. None if it mattered now.
“- I’m infertile, Tony,” Steve interrupted his ramblings, letting out a shaky breath after the confession.
He had just finished his patrol, sitting on top of a building looking at the horizon when he noticed his phone buzzing. He checked it and instantly panicked - he had several voicemails from his Pops.
He scanned the building, frowning when he finally spotted a little boy sitting on the concrete next to a standing teacher. Steve quickly put his truck in park before rushing over to the pup.
“Another!” Thor said, pouring the bottle Natasha had brought to everyone’s tiny glass until Steve stuck his hand out over his.
“Girls too...sometimes Becca was the brains of the operation,” Steve said absently, laughing when Tony poked him in annoyance.
“Huh, never been one to follow tradition,” Howard mumbled to himself, though there was a small smile on his face.
“Jo you are in enough trouble as it is, you sure you want to dig yourself further?” he asked after folding his arms across his chest. She rolled her eyes and shook her head no in response.
Joey’s draw dropped like in the cartoons. The words registered in her brain, in her heart, in her fucking
And his beautiful, incredible husband nodded gleefully before reaching around for the covers frantically.
He looked up to see some guy with a hoodie speaking to the SHEILD agents in charge of Peter. He had sunglasses, an obviously fake mustache and a hat under the hoodie…but Peter immediately recognized the man. His body went rigid in the realization…he willed his body to move as he gently Indiana Jones’d his escape from his Pop with pillows. When he stood up he made eye contact with the fucker as the man turned away from the agents and started walking away.
The blonde looked back at his teen, wondering how she was practically an adult and still able to pull off those damn puppy eyes. He signed in defeat, not particularly loving her reaction of cheering in triumph. So he made sure to raise a brow at that, glad to see her compose herself.
“I’ve done it before, just don’t give me a reason to do it again,” he said as he gently put the pillow back on the couch.
fucking do that again,” he said quietly, sounding genuinely shaken up, as his lips resting on the top of her head.
Steve sent a thank you to whoever was listening before telling Tony’s loved ones the good news. And as Steve sat with Harley in his arms, watching Howard and Maria walk away to meet their grandpup, the Alpha took that opportunity to update his brother and parents on all the good news.
Tony tried to grimace, but he was a softie at heart, and hearing his closest friend talk sweet made him melt. It must have changed his scent, for Steve sat up and growled, directing his hostility at Rhodey.
, Bucky. I chose him. He is so incredibly brilliant and loving, and he actually gives a shit about our baby and the future for our child, so
He was cut off by Steve leaning down to press their lips together, one hand coming up to rest on the small of his back. Tony squeaked in surprise, but after a moment his eyes fell shut as he kissed Steve back, going up onto his toes to chase Steve’s mouth when he tried to pull away. Demanding more, Tony growled and moved his hand to cup Steve’s neck, pulling him back down. Their teeth clicked together in a messy kiss, but he could not find it in himself to care; Steve tasted like sweet wine and spice and Tony craved more of the Northern flavors.
Steve merely smiled and dropped a kiss to the top of Tony’s head, making him pout and blush all the more. The other Warlords crowed and cooed at the sight, bringing up a pink tinge on Steve’s face. Tony took pity on him and squeezed his hand, giving him a small bit of comfort.
“Further down,” he said as they continued along the creek, “Surely this empties into a basin, or a more private area in the forest--”
“At least you seem repentant,” he said, “We need to lay down rules and learn a way to communicate—I know you have trouble with my language, so I think I will have to learn yours. I do not care for not being able to talk with you,
“Hey, you,” he said, smiling and wiping away her stray tear as she pulled back, “Can’t get rid of me that easy, Ms. Potts.”
Tony watched in complete surprise as Steve reached out with a shaky hand, only inching it closer to PJ once he didn’t flinch away. After a few moments, PJ reached his own hand back out, laying it ever so carefully on Steve’s large palm. The Captain finally choked, hanging his head to try and swallow the noise.
“Please don’t inflate his ego,” Fury sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, “Fine. Stark can keep the kid. But Romanov, I want updates. You too, Banner. If anything happens with this kid that even
Tony crouched down to PJ’s level, putting his hand out. The boy easily stuck his out to rest in Tony’s palm, giving him a quizzical look.
“Come, show us what you know,” Thor finally said, turning to him with a smile, “I will translate, so do not feel pressured to stop talking to allow me to catch up.”
. Just as they were about to stumble into the building, he pulled them to a halt, earning a confused grunt from Steve. Grinning wildly, Tony crouched down and picked dandelions and a few grass leaves from the lawn, hearing Steve laugh behind him once he realized what he was doing.
“Oh, goodie. Lumberjacking,” Sam sighed, following Tony to the forest, “So how the hell are we supposed to chop down a tree? We can’t exactly use Bucky’s arm like an ax.”
“Alright. I’ll stay put. But that means you should go join them, Colonel,” he decided, “Take Clint with you. He could use some exercise.”
Slowly, Tony laid Peter down on the bed and unbundled him, unable to help tickling the babe’s stomach before wriggling him into the undergarment and dress. Before he could stop him, Peter had grabbed up the hem and stuffed it into his mouth, giggling and kicking his legs as he looked up at Tony.
He did not look up to see her go; only the sound of the door opening and closing let him know that he was alone with Peter once more.
“…Stuff. Things. Stuff and things. Look, Wilson, what’s it to ya, anyway?” Tony continued stubbornly, “Am I my Captain’s keeper?”
It was quiet for a bit, the only sound being PJ’s occasional hum as he started to poke around Tony’s reactor through his shirt. Unfortunately, the silence gave Tony time to really think, which is why he tried to avoid silence at all times. After a bit, he shifted to face Steve, pretending to not notice PJ’s curious hand stroking over his goatee. Glancing over the blond’s mostly relaxed form, Tony let his mind wander.
Tony smirked, leaving the rest of the room in stunned silence for a moment. Bucky went so far as to lean out of his seat, just so he could make eye contact to glare. Steve, of course, was too distracted by his phone to notice.
“Okay, we’re good,” he decided once Steve shivered, “Let’s go back and re-stoke the fire and warm up.”
He heard himself get choked up, so he looked at the ground, trying to glare it into submission so he wouldn’t start to cry again. Tony’s hands cupped his face and thumbs stroked his cheeks, so he looked back up and sniffled, pouting until Tony laughed and leaned in to kiss him.
“What—What is happening?” Tony asked, trying to keep the fear out of his voice as he bundled Peter back up, holding the baby close to him in a display of protectiveness.
He pushed back Pete’s curls and leaned down to kiss his forehead. For all that was happening, at least Peter was safe.
,” Steve said brokenly, “I grew—I grew out of my asthma at the beginning of last year—have—have I not—this whole time?”
“Shh, it’s okay, you’re okay, we got you,” Tony soothed worriedly, his heart hammering in his chest as PJ sobbed into his shoulder, “You’re alright, it was just a nightmare, it can’t hurt you anymore, little one. We’ll protect you. We’ll
“PJ, be kind. He isn’t going to take Nat away,” he said, watching the boy shuffle on his feet, “He’s trying to be nice to you.”
“It’s okay,” Tony repeated, putting his hands out, palm-up, “You touch first, okay? Apparently, touch is bad for you. That’s on me. I don’t even know if you get half of what I’m saying, I really hope you do—”
“Okay, Rogers, shoes and belt off, and into the bed. Or, I have extra pajamas in the closet,” Tony said, staring at the nervous blond, “You fought in World War Two. Thor knows you can get into a bed with another man and your
“Not true,” Steve said softly, attempting to will away the blush that was steadily rising into his cheeks, “I--it was not my
with his team was already embarrassing, but the fact that none of them were outwardly dating each other made it kind of awkward. Of course, there were suspicions and lots of PDA (gross, Bucky) but no one specifically said
, yes, a few, at brothels,” Tony panted, having to hold onto Steve for dear life, “Never an A-alpha, never, only Betas, never had an Alpha, promise--”
The Alphas come to an understanding, Tony finally makes his thoughts about the Prime's outfits known, and their future begins to come into focus.
Tony rolled his eyes, smiling despite himself. He thanked T’Challa again and left, heading straight to the kitchen. Internal suffering usually made him peckish for alcohol, but he was being good, so he threw himself into cooking dinner for PJ. Halfway through cooking the chicken, familiar footsteps padded into the room, and Rhodey appeared at his side, leaning against the countertop.
“Riders,” Tony answered, nearly the end of the thicket, “Listen, when we break clear, duck down. You got it? And make sure you both are strapped in. Keep your shield on your back.”
“Sorry! I just—this one has a diagram,” Steve said weakly, holding up the book for Tony to see, “It—your note was funny.”
Feeling awkward, Tony slipped off his chair and went over to his and Steve’s cubby, taping the robot up onto his side. He affectionately ran his fingers over the waxy crayon before heading over to Miss Hill. Quietly, he tugged on her pants, and when she looked down at him, he handed up the tape roll. Before she could ask any questions, he scooted off back to Steve, only to realize the boy had been drawn into playing with the dinosaurs and the dollhouse. He pretended that he didn’t feel a bit disappointed, so he slid back into his seat and picked up his book, getting lost in the story.
“James,” Rhodey said quietly, “C’mon. Let’s go get something from vending, leave him alone for a bit. We need to make a few calls anyway.”
“It wasn’t that good, but you know I love your ass under my hands, so it wasn’t fair,” Steve mumbled, shifting uncomfortably, “God, Tony, that was your fantasy at
“Okay, sweetheart,” Tony mumbled as he pushed his shirt up and turned slightly onto his side, “Have as much as you want, baby. I think we are going to stay here for a while this morning.”
“We also need the numbers, Tony. Steve needs to come with us,” Bucky said patiently, quirking an eyebrow with a smirk, “Why? Is there a reason you’d rather have Steve here?”
“She knows,” he finally said, not quite meeting Tony’s eyes, “She tried to stand up for you, told Howard to leave you be, but he would not have it… last I knew, she was taken to the infirmary. He beat her pretty severely, Tony. Pepper said she would send word if she heard anything and I never received a letter. My guess is that she is still being taken care of.”
He let his Omega tone slip out and watched Steve carefully, smirking when the Prime hurried to get onto the bed and slot himself between Tony’s legs. Noticing the crumpled bandage on Steve’s side, Tony hissed and held his legs back from behind his knees in an attempt to keep from injuring the Alpha. Oblivious, Steve reached over to fumble with his oil tin on his bedside table, gathering enough slick to lube up his cock.
“Hold your fire! It’s—It looks—” his words died out as the object crashed barely 200 feet in front of them, shrapnel and sand flying up.
At the boy’s nod, Tony stood and went back over to Steve, smiling as he saw the blond staring at the photo on PJ’s nightstand.
Then again, the whole situation was nowhere near predictable, so Tony let out a defeated sigh and opened his eyes again to the semi-darkness.
“I cannot promise everything. You are mine and I plan to keep it that way,” Steve growled, slipping his hand under Tony’s shirt to caress his hip, “I
“No, no, no honey, it’s okay, I just—none of us have heard you laugh. I was surprised, that’s all,” Tony quickly comforted, “Don’t be upset. It’s okay.”
Careful as to not hurt Tony with his strength, Steve cupped his cock in his palm and slowly stroked him, watching in fascination as the head peeked up through his fingers and disappeared again. Tony was by no means small, but it seemed so compared to Steve’s large hand, making Steve shiver with want. He realized that Tony’s hands were wandering up his thighs, clearly searching to return the pleasure, but Steve quickly grabbed his wrists with one hand and pinned them behind his back, leaving Tony to only be propped up by Steve’s chest and thighs.
“As soon as I can get the message to Pepper, I’m shutting down the weapons sector of Stark Industries and moving fully into green energy,” he continued, surprising all three men, “I already have the plans—the arc reactor is going to be the center of it all. It’s a little ironic, but it's sustainable. It
Tony stared at him for a moment, then had to bite his lip to force down his laughter. It may not be funny to Steve, but to him it was
“James as a middle name would work,” he decided, brushing a few stray curls out of the boy’s face, “I don’t think Rhodes would be totally on board with me naming a HYDRA experiment after him, regardless of it being a child.”
Not wanting to reply verbally lest the waterworks start, Tony shook his head, keeping his eyes firmly shut against Mr. Rabbit. Hearing Steve sigh and feeling him unlink their hands, a cold chill went down his back: he’d ruined it already.
Smiling in relief at the boy’s giggle, Tony quickly wiped the last of tears away as he carried him out to the living room. With a grunt, he sat down on the big couch, letting PJ curl up in his lap with the elephant still attached to his hip. Unsurprisingly, Steve collapsed down onto the couch next to them, placing the cup on a side table and sighing, either in tiredness or frustration. Seeing the Captain, PJ glared, immediately shifting to press his face into Tony’s chest and turn his back to Steve.
“I need to learn your language,” Tony grumbled, slouching as the men talked over him, “It would be nice to be included.”
“Jesus, Tony, you don’t have to put it like that,” Steve grumbled, kicking off his sneakers and undoing his belt, “I never protested.”
Silence ticked by. Eventually, Tony turned with a questioning look on his face to see Natasha staring at the boy in the tube.
“It is what the Southern people call influenza. He most likely contracted it being out in the rains these past few days. Now that he has rested, his body senses safety and is letting itself fight the sickness at full strength,” Bruce explained, peering down at Peter, “Tony, I would like to look at your baby, if that is okay? If he is sick as well, I need to know. Can I take a look?”
“Nay. I mean breastmilk, like milk from the breast,” Thor answered, gesturing to his own breast, “The Captain has been producing since we crashed. Can you all not smell it?”
“Yeah,” Tony choked out, automatically feeling tears well up in his eyes, “Yeah buddy, it kinda is—”
“I will die if you make me wait much longer,” he gasped between kisses, “I can feel how hard you are, I want you inside me, Steve,
“You got that right,” Tony laughed, glad for the respite from uncomfortable memories, “Mom would have taken to you. She always had a thing for blonds. And so did Howard, I mean, he
Steve rolled his eyes as he pumped shampoo into his hand to lather up his sandy hair, grimacing at the feeling of the granules between his fingers. He rinsed and set up his conditioner, letting it sit as he twirled Natasha’s knife in his hand. Slowly, he worked up his legs, keeping his pained noises deep in his throat as he cut open the puckered wounds where he’d missed bullets. They clinked against the tiled floor as he flicked them out, sighing in relief when each of the wounds began to heal over properly. By the time he was done, he had a lovely pile of bullets on the floor, but when he rolled his shoulders back, he knew he had missed a few.
“Great,” Tony answered blandly, leaning slightly over a nearby trashcan to let PJ drop the used tissue in, “Good to know that instead of being concerned over the kid, you’re watching how graceful I am when balancing thirty pounds on my hips.”
Relaxing into it, Steve finally sighed and nodded, wiggling a bit to get comfortable on the futon. He licked his lips as he watched Tony unzip him and pull his heavy cock out, not even bothering to pull his slacks down. Immediately, he reached down to grab Tony’s hand and shake his head.
Cannibalism was the least of his worries about the Prime Alpha. Rumors swirled around his city like fog, but he had heard stories from the Captain of the Guard himself and knew how dangerous the Alpha could be. It was said that the man was built like a mountain, immovable and immeasurable, both in power and cruelty. He commanded the largest army on their landmass, having conquered the eastern half of the Northern Territory during his first four years in command. However, unlike other Captains, he was always at the front of his army, riding into battle with a shield in one hand and his horse’s reins in the other. No one could fathom how a man without a weapon could win such large battles, but the Prime Alpha succeeded each time, wiping out waves of men with few losses of his own. It was a terrifying concept, to say the least, that a man could cause so much destruction with only his bare hands.
“Someone did their homework,” he said, carefully taking PJ’s thumb from his mouth to poke the sippy cup back in.
Things spiraled from there: Steve spent less and less time with him, missing homework dates and movie nights to hang out with Peggy, taking her out to the joints that Tony used to frequent with him. The one time Tony had walked into
After passing Peter off to Rhodey with a kiss on the babe’s cheek, Tony headed over to take the knuckle wrappings from Bucky and began tying them around his hands. He allowed Bucky to inspect them, then turned to face the ring. Steve winked at him from where he was already nursing a split lip in his corner.
“Papa will be here soon, I promise. Just a little longer. First, we are going to go see your Aunt Pepper, who I am sure will spoil you to no end with all kinds of sweets and toys,” he promised.
Tony waved at them as they headed off, reaching up to place a hand on Steve’s hand curled around the handle of his chair.
Steve eyed Rhodey, but he willingly stepped aside, allowing him to move into his place to draw Tony into a hug. Before he could get too far, Tony reached out and grabbed Steve’s hand, squeezing tightly to find comfort. They stood quietly until Tony pulled away, smiling as he wiped away his last tears.
, Tones. I’m so glad you felt comfortable enough to tell me, er, to tell Cap that you’re pan. God, I love you, honey, you’ve come so far and I’m so proud of you.”
“I know, I know. Believe me, I’ve had—I’ve thought about it. I tried to ask the others how you were since you pretty much ran away every time I tried to talk to you,” Steve continued quickly, “Nat and Bruce were tight-lipped, and none of the others knew anything other than you were taking courses. I really—I thought you didn’t want to hear from me anymore. I thought that space would help, but—”
“James, take Tony, Clint, Bruce, and three of the horses and run,” Sam instructed, eyeing the small family as they met in the center of the room, “You need to keep him and the baby safe, as far away from here as possible.”
There was silence for a moment,  then Tony cleared his throat and said in a slightly watery voice, “Say that again?”
“There’s soap and other cleaning materials in the shower. Leave them in the shower when you are finished. You have twenty minutes to get yourself and the subject washed, then you will be given towels and clothing,” one of them said, staring straight ahead, “You may begin.”
“Yeah, exactly. Good job, kiddo,” Tony praised, grinning, “You’re so smart. You’ll probably be as smart as me someday.”
“It’s alright to cry, son. We’ll match your pace and do what we can,” He said softly, a Captain’s determination hidden behind his reassurance, “You take all the time you need. We’re here for you. No matter what that looks like.”
A small pout was all he got in return as Steve rolled over and sat up, allowing Bruce to check his various wounds. The doctor asked a few questions like
“Yeah, I’m over having your meaty paws all over my work,” Tony said, laughing as he tilted his head to kiss Steve properly, “Mmm, you need a coat. It’s a brisk day.”
“Well, I try to cook when you and Thor are both gone, if we’re being honest,” He sighed, grabbing a mug, a thermos, and a ladle, “You two eat enough for seven people each. It’s already difficult enough to make some of those dishes for four people, let alone fourteen, and that only feeds two people. If you want some, you need to eat beforehand, then have small portions of the good stuff.”
like you. I promise. He knows your smell and almost immediately calms down when I give him pieces of your clothes. However, if you feel like you need something to work on, perhaps you could voice your feelings earlier instead of pushing them through the bond? He can feel that, you know.”
Once the agonizing pain started to subside, Tony let out another painful scream at a sharp tug and give. The guard tsked and one arm came around to show Tony the bloody GPS chip in his palm.
“Alive, let’s stick to what it is,” Bucky said, sitting himself down on the other side of Tony, “He’s still kicking. He really doesn’t know how to kick it, does he?”
“I know. And Rhodey also knows better than to poke at you. I will have a conversation with him tomorrow after he has had a chance to get to know the others and the way of life here. It is not only on your shoulders, darling,” Tony soothed, reaching over to rub Steve’s arm.
His voice died down as they all moved to the ring. Tony was not too interested anyway, as he and Steve would most likely brawl for their lives for the hell of it. It was merely another method to wrestle and get sweaty with his bonded: nothing he had not done already.  The creak of the door drew his attention and he smiled, only to wince when his stomach growled loudly.
He felt woozy, but he managed to nod. Steve pulled his hands away, smiling when Tony pocketed the bag. Warmth rushed over him and tingled his fingertips; he bit down on his lip to keep from gasping at the feeling, praying and hoping to the divines that the two Alphas staring at him could not smell his slick.
“No, Tony,” he teased, “No one can hate you like a normal person since you aren’t a normal person to begin with.”
“He never displayed any aggressive tendencies like it before, and hasn’t since,” Steve said gently, putting his fist under his chin, “But I see what you’re trying to get at. If he does have super strength or at least some percentage of it, someone with similar ability should watch him in case he does become aggressive.”
With one last kiss to Tony’s temple, she left, leaving the two alone in the room. Finally relaxing, PJ slipped his thumb into his mouth, sucking it as he watched Tony fumble open the book again. Once he got it opened and positioned right, he took a breath, beginning to read:
let the raccoon in and got him all the bells and whistles of therapy and reconditioning and—I have done
Scrubbing a hand over his goatee, Tony merely stared at the boy, the child’s mouth open slightly as he puffed breaths in sleep. He stuck his hand out toward the nurse, wiggling his fingers impatiently.
“If I go out first, you know that I would be the first to run into an enemy, right?” Tony asked as he walked, shifting Peter to his other shoulder.
, and no one would think any differently. That way, it also means you get explicit permission to hear from me more often. I can definitely swing something.”
“That is how the rest of us feel, and yet we can speak to him,” he snorted, turning them down the stairwell to go down into the cellar.
“I think you fucked my brains out,” Tony answered, grinning at Steve’s laugh, “Gods, you were wonderful--you
A chuckle slipped that turned Sam’s attention away from his son. “Oh I see, its not hereditary – it’s like a disease…something you
“Thanks T, I think I’m going to go try and sleep in my guestroom first,” she said after she finished her cup, taking it over to the sink and accepting the hug Steve was reaching out to her for. Tony smiled at the sight, wondering if taking a picture of the two would be weird.
“Bye,” he said, smile growing on his face when Steve made his way back into the kitchen. The teen was behind him, walking around the pair to grab something out of the fridge.
“Um...look I’m okay with you two dating and all but I’m going to have to draw the line at you two fucking on my bed while I’m here…”
“I don’t know about you…but I could use a shower, Captain,” Tony said, looking up at Steve with those soul-stealing brown eyes. Steve lost a little control then, not exactly letting Tony lead when he easily grabbed the man’s ass and brought him up into his arms.
Waiting with a bouquet of star-gazer lilies was Wade, in a simple suit not hiding behind any fake mustaches. Peter saw Emerson walk by him, giving him the two fingers pointing back and forth to let him know she’s “watching him.” His Pop walked by with his Dad a moment later, Pop having to help him walk the rest of the way. His Pop clapped Wade’s shoulder as they passed him and Peter finally walked up to Wade.
Joey sat between two medics, the male of the two with an arm wrapped around her as an officer squatted near her with a pen and pad of paper.
"We're so proud of you Thumper!" her Dad said with teary eyes, getting a playful eye roll from the young woman. Her Pop wasn't any better, trying to fan his face after finally letting her go.
,” the last name said with obvious sarcasm. She only glared back at him, the bastard knowing her last name was still Barnes.
“Hey guys,” he interrupted. “Sam please grow up, the doctor is only allowing one person back right now, okay? I’ll let you know when y’all can come back.”
"How's the firm, Joey?" Steve asked as he watched his husband make silly faces at their grand-baby to get her laughing.
But as luck would have it, May was back at her home, having afternoon coffee with her dads while Peter was coloring next to them. She felt a little frozen in the entrance way, silently watching the group before her little brother noticed her.
He was perfect except for the constant screaming. Tony didn’t sleep the first seven days of his son’s life. Too scared that something would happen to him and unable to sleep for the half-hour increments Harley decided to shut his eyes and stop screaming.
Now it was Tony’s turn for things to click. “Of course” he rasped out, a huge smile on his face before flipping the covers back to allow her to slide in next to him. “Lights, J” Tony said as they settled next to each other. She was still not used to the whole “good touch vs. bad touch” thing, having flinched in the beginning when they even got close. You wouldn’t guess that now, as she buried her face in his shoulder and wrapped her arm around his waist.
you dumb fuck. Stevie you coming or not?” Steve took that opportunity to turn back to Tony who was smiling at the interaction.
“Is it making rules though if we’re just addressing the emotionally scarring elephant in the room?” Emerson said with a tease.
"I've got pot roast in the oven, but if you're hungry I've got some snacks in the kitchen-" he was cut off from saying anything else when they heard a commotion in the kitchen, shortly before hearing their son shout.
“No, you apparently don’t know,” he confirmed, meeting her gaze when she looked back at him in surprise.
Apparently Tony wasn’t much of a chef, so Steve picked up some ingredients before making his way to the much more expensive two bedroom apartment.
“Right, well whatever Josephine has been telling you, I can assure you I treat all my students equally–”
“You know…I’m not sure there is really anything I can say right now that would change your mind,” Steve said honestly, “but I’m willing to do whatever it takes to convince you.” He smiled when she genuinely laughed a little at that.
Who were both now looking at him, reminding Tony he’d came all the way over here for the ball. Shaking his head, he went back and grabbed it before continuing his walk back. As he got closer he could see the concern on their faces.
“I got it cut off, do you like it?” Daci didn’t reply for a moment, taking a step back before frowning.
“PETERRRRR!” he frowned as he heard his daughter shout back. He turned around as his kids collided into an adorable hug, shaking his head fondly as they lost balance and collapsed in a heap on the floor.
She wasn’t in trouble. She hadn’t done anything wrong and her parents believed her. Even if it was only because that bitch confessed…
"Thor's on his way to meet Miles and he's bringing Loki," the genius said as he walked around the man to take another look at his ass. Steve couldn't help but smile at his ridiculous husband and rested his hands on his hips, waiting for the brunette to look back at him.
“So do we have a deal? I’ll keep him on a leash, I promise,” he finished with a wink to Joey. She smiled at that, the blonde huffing in disbelief.
“I suggest you listen to my son and leave my grandbabies alone, or I’ll need to step in,” the older woman growled out - and honestly...if this wasn’t the same woman who baked cookies with Tony and showed him how to cross stitch...he’d be intimidated.
“Like, you love him forever and ever...or...like, actual soulmate?” Clint asked, scent now just curious.
“Hey baby,” he said quietly. “Honey you are so strong and I’m so proud of you for what you did out there. I’m still furious at our son – a laughed slipped his lips – but we’re all safe and alive. I love you so much…come back to me, okay?” He closed his eyes as he brought his hand to his lips again to kiss some more.
“Yes, thank you for the wonderful food,” Thor said sincerely with a beautiful smile, taking his plate to join Sam on the couch.
Steve snorted in laughter, covering his mouth with his hand when a passing couple gave him a look in disapproval.
The front door opened, telling Tony Steve was home but was too furious to care. Where the hell was Tiberius??
“You can paint whatever you want on the canvases I ordered, it’ll be fun, I promise. I also ordered little smocks so you won’t have to shower after,” Steve added before turning the stove off and helping her down off the counter.
, she thought to herself, looking over at the stack of children’s books the Starks keep down here. “Or I could read to you?”
He bent down and kissed his scar along his ribs – from a lab incident – taking his time before moving to the small tattoo on his hip bone.
It wasn’t until Natasha looked up and made eye contact that Bucky finally looked away from the scene.
“Izzy-bee!” his Dad cooed with the biggest grin as he flipped the toddler upside down. Pete glanced over at the other twin, currently attacking his teenage brother as his sister encouraged them.
“I ninja,” she said simply with a smile and a shrug. She, like the boy who answered the door and the one in his arms, were blonde. “Who dat Bucky?” she asked, interrupting Clint’s thoughts.
"I uh…liked helping people and knew it was something that was stable.” Tony stared unimpressed at him for a moment before actually scoffing.
“Shhh, it’s over, baby girl” her Dad whispered as he placed kisses on her hair. He gently rubbed her back with one hand, the other wrapped tightly around her shoulders to squeeze her against his chest. She felt him rock the two back and forth, her cries slowly tapering from both tiredness and his love and comfort.
“You…you wouldn’t mind?” Joey asked cautiously, even though the woman literally just offered it to her.
“Noooooo,” she cried out dramatically, flopping herself on the ground by Steve’s feet for good measure. Steve just continued drawing, focusing on the imaginary castle he was creating instead of the toddler currently giving him a headache.
She smiled as she stepped away from the curtain shaking her head as she heard her named called, falling in line to accept her diploma. She walked on stage and heard the deafening cheer from her family as she stole a glance at them before accepting the paper; laughing aloud at the sight of them all on their feet cheering - plus Wade's sign.
“What? Like there isn’t enough room for her? You two don’t have enough money to support her? – he starts counting off on his fingers – I finally won’t be outnumbered? I can use current references in this house without waiting for a “quick google search” he threw his Pops a sideways glance.  We can make fun of you two behind your back you know I’m really not seeing a downside to this…”
"Right, why I skipped school. Well, I found out...that I have a little brother," she finished looking away at the two as the fathers looked at each other in confusion.
“It’s not broken, just sprained. My pride’s hurt worse than my ankle,” the blonde grumbled as he stretched to grab one of the pieces of paper. “What are you guys doing?”
Steve reached forward and grabbed the man by his hips before yanking him back onto the bed with him. He wrapped his arms around the smaller man and kissed his neck.
The last thing he remembered was hearing his son’s voice in battle as his minded finally drifted out of consciousness. The first thing he saw when he regained consciousness was his beautiful husband’s sweet face. The blonde had just kissed him awake, smiling to the genius as he gazed lovingly into his eyes.
“Boys wrap it up or I’ll drag you both inside to find out how the dance went!” Mrs. Rogers called from behind the closed door, causing the two teens to pull apart in surprise.
She sat next to her Uncle Thor as he looked confusedly at her school work. Her train of thought about her brother was interrupted when she heard him “humph” next to her.
"Hey guys," the man greeted with an arm raised at the family. Bucky kept walking towards them, shooing the sheep away as they slowly stopped smothering the family. "Hey Pete," the man said with a wide smile as the oldest opened his arms in greeting.
As everything faded to darkness, she heard Vivienne whisper the two words she hoped she’d never hear again.
Right now, he was carrying his pup into his house and offering him quiet words of encouragement. Which was getting harder to do with his pregnant belly.
Luckily for Tony, and of course their kid, Bruce gave her some general anesthesia and numbing cream so she didn't actually feel a thing. He still held her hand throughout the procedure, noticing her still tense slightly with Bruce. When he finished he told the fathers to help her to bed and come back if they need to.
“You both knew about Daredevil?” the teen asked in annoyance, wondering why neither bothered to tell him.
She gulped as she grabbed her stuff and walked quickly past them, praying he wouldn’t swat her in front of them. She sighed in relief when he didn’t and absolutely hauled ass to get out of there and back home. She knew if she wasn’t in her room, he’d be even angrier, grabbing a quick glass of water for her cotton mouth and slipping into her room as swiftly as possible.
“Stevie did you give her any cream?” he asked as the teen shot back up with an offended look. However in doing so, she also sat back on her bottom and quickly stood up off the bed to steady herself after yelping in pain.
“Never. You are always first, Daci. What I said to you...baby I’m so sorry I swear I didn’t mean it.
“Yeah,” came the muffled sounds from her speaking into his chest, “imagine if I was your age.” As if from reflex, he couldn’t help the small dig into her ribs but did enjoy the chuckle that came from the young girl. He brought his hands back to further squish her into his chest, eternally grateful this scrappy young person dropped into his life.
“Yup! So we gotta get you out and dry you off,” his brother said as he got her out and dry with little protest. After he mostly dried her off, he reached down to drain the tub – which she took as an opportunity to run past the two, shouting at them.
“When’s the last time you took your meds?” Steve asked Joey gently, running his hand through her hair.
“Hope I didn’t ruin your birthday, let me treat you to coffee sometime to apologize for my drunken behavior – TS. He even left his number,” Sam said impressed as he handed Steve the note and looked up at the blue balloons. Steve read it over several times as he furrowed his brows in confusion.
“Yeah, great. Let’s go upstairs. I’ll show you the kitchen so you can eat something while I go shower, sound good?” Tony asked as he shut some of the machines down. “DUM-E, go charge,” he ordered the bot before leading Steve back up the stairs.
Warning: the following chapter contains police brutality. I, as a white person, will never understand the struggle POC go through. I do not mean to make light of racial injustice or systemic oppression, nor do I mean to portray Tony or Steve as 'white saviors.' I wrote this chapter several months ago, but would like you to know the name Ahmaud Arbery, an innocent man out for a jog who was murdered by two white men on February 23rd - only recently charged due to public outrage of seeing the video.
As years passed, the young father and son eventually moved out on their own. Harley grew and Tony focused on helping his father build his weapons empire. Tony was pretty damn good as the head of the R&D department too, but knew deep down he could never officially take over his father’s company. No Omega could legally own a fortune five-hundred company. If he got married, he could help run it alongside his Alpha, but that was a big IF.
“I’ve been wanting…a mother to talk to. It’s why I reached out to Carolyn, constantly try to hang out with May – who is my little brother’s mother and doesn’t owe me anything. I have two amazing dads but I’m a selfish jerk for wanting more…” she practically choked on the tears free falling down her face.
“Harley?” Steve called, walking towards the playscape and frowning when he didn’t see anything. He was about to head inside when he heard a whimper coming from the side of the house. “Harley?” he asked again, walking towards the noise and frowning harder when he saw the pup trying to control his whimpers. “Hey bear,” the Alpha said to his kid, sitting down next to him behind the bushes.
Steve moved an arm to wrap around his husband's shoulder, the genius leaning his head on his shoulder as he reposition his daughter on his lap.
But he took that opportunity to take the offer, walking towards the kitchen with warmth in his chest.
She leaned against the tree outside about a block away, pretending to play on her phone while she scouted out for people she could ask.
“That’s just because he has refined taste, peas are gross,” he countered, laughing along with her. “So did you call to find out about my newest beau?”
There were a few people outside the bar, most drunk and talking loudly. He spotted Tony leaning against the brick wall and made his way over.
“Tony, go to your Mama and help with Peter. Steve and I will find him,” Howard reassured the Omega, nodding to the other Alpha before heading to the boy’s room.
“Okay, so Shuri has some design ideas she wants you to look at. I was going to show you mine but…honestly hers are better…” Peter listened to every bit of science gibberish his Dad said in the next fifteen minutes it took to land. He was just as giddy as his Dad was, though it also seemed his Dad was somehow even…more giddy?
, you can’t be bothered to be there for anyone but yourself. Don’t bother calling me back...or trying to see Harley again.”
“Cause! You guys already act like you’re married since Clint moved to our floor. Both of you put me to bed at night. And I already think of him as my other parent. Plus the front office has to call you for approval if he wants to pick me up from school.”
“No Papa,” he whimpered quietly, clearly exhausted. She watched her dads share a look before Steve tried again.
She waved off his hands after she was up on two legs, instantly reaching out to the couch for stability. Bucky took a step back as she practically glared at the two men. Then, finding a loophole, she used the couch for support as she walked over to her uncle.
“Hey, chill, Rogers. It was just me and Barton in the truck. Technically, there was a patient in the back but he was unconscious,” she said with a smile. Steve felt himself unhinge from her words, tension slowly leaving his body. He took a deep breath, remembering that she was not a threat – and was in fact a friend.
Her instincts flared as she assessed the man while simultaneously looking for both nearby weapons and a possible escape route. She slowly made her way over to them, noticing Peter’s body language change as the man reached for the boy’s arm. In two more steps, she was close enough to hear Peter say ‘no’ before she stomped her foot - sending the man flying back into the gift shop window.
He thought about that on the ride over to the mansion, which was a shorter trip than when his family used to live at the Tower. The sounds of his twins babbling put a smile on his face as he glanced in the rear view mirror, noticing Leo take everything in. His husband reached over to squeeze his knee from the passenger seat as they pulled in to park.
The two assassins who he loved dearly but had driven him crazy the last half hour, thankfully took the hint and left the room they had so “graciously occupied.” His Pops nodded to them in thanks before closing the door behind them, Peter now registering that his dark clothes were actually sweats – and not his uniform.
“Let’s go talk to Peter,” the genius suggested when they finally broke away for air. “Calling the social worker and all that can wait until morning.” He grabbed his husband’s hands, pulling one up to kiss the palm, before entwining fingers to walk together to their son’s room.
“Hm, then why don’t you think your sister loves me?” he asked, seeing Steve’s eyes open out of the corner of his eye. A frown quickly appeared on his boy’s face at the mention of the teen.
“Emerson, please, promise you won’t tell” he whispered harshly as he ran past her to the bathroom to hide.
Finding none, she took a deep breath before doing as he said, pulling her sweater back up. She didn’t dare pull her pants down, opting to use the cream once they left.
“-There’s nothing for him to know!” he snapped at her, causing her to flinch. “I...shit I’m sorry. Look none of this is your fault. And it’s not something you should look into, either. This is adult stuff and I’m sure if you gave Vivienne a chance then-”
"Wait, Emerson can I ask you something?" She turned around with a smile as she waited for Miles to ask.
“She got off the plane yoU MONSTER!” his man-child cried out before climbing into the passenger’s seat.
The shorter teen was rummaging in his closet, surrounded by a few boxes left behind from Tony moving in with his godmother. Other than that, the room was creepily empty. A triumphant ‘aha!’ snapped him back to Tony, who was backing out of the closet with…
To be cock-blocked by your teenager when they are home is one thing, to be cock-blocked by your teenager when they're supposed to be at school because they apparently missed
“I’ve only got one sister,” the agent clarified, “I never miss when I’m an uncle again, even if it’s for the third time.”
“What’s this about wizards?” Tony asked as he came back into the room with a smile on his handsome face.
The doors closed but the elevator didn’t move. “Miss I believe you were instructed to wait in your room.”
“No, of course not,” he said quickly, before catching on to what Steve was saying. He rolled his eyes fondly at his brother before standing up to pull him into a bone crushing hug.
“Hey, just the girl I was looking for,” he said with a smile as she felt tears begin trickling down her cheeks. She leaned down to carefully embrace him, ignoring the questioning look on his face in favor of hugging him tight.
"I haven't said anything," T'Challa said in defense, smiling as they noticed the pair approaching them. "Gentlemen, have I said anything about my sister's crush on your daughter?" he asked with a smirk before grimacing in pain when his sister hit him in the stomach. Tony and Steve smiled at the pair and how flustered Shuri suddenly looked at the confession.
Just then Brock and his partner Kyle entered the station and immediately noticed the display for Steve.
“Sweetie, Joey can call me whatever she wants, including Aunt May,” the woman said pointedly to Jo as she felt her cheeks blush.
“Miles, the dude was probably late teens early twenties. He was most likely just messing with you. Though you did give your age away with the squeaky voice,” Peter said without looking up from his laptop.
“Dat’s bad Unca Cint! We don’t say shut up,” Harley suddenly spoke up, pointing an accusatory finger at the archer.
“Jo?” he asked gently. The teen looked up at him, throwing herself up off the couch and into the brunette’s arms. He easily caught her, kissing the top of her head as he saw just a few scrapes on her, still wondering what the actual fuck had happened.
“Steve met Nonna and Grandpa, now it’s our turn to meet his family. And if I hear one more complaint out of you I’m going to donate your toys. You will be polite and on your best behavior, do you understand me?” Tony asked the pup, the Omega’s hands on his hips just outside of their waiting car.
He and his husband shared a look, both feeling an incredible amount of love for their kids – but especially for their teen at this moment. They turned back to look at the two, smiling as Joey continued her onslaught with the boy now over her shoulder. She paused in her assault for a moment, moving the boy to rest on her hips.
“Yeah basic training is a few weeks after I graduate,” James said easily just as Clint’s head jerked up in shock.
“I was just grabbing some grant proposals for my Dad, got curious.” He gulped when Wade just continued smiling at him, stopping about two feet away from him. Eyeing him strangely.
A few weeks passed and things were hit and miss with Harley. It was like the pup wanted to like Steve, but remembered he shouldn’t trust him and went back to building a wall between them.
“What the fuck did you just say?” Clint asked, scrambling to stand on his feet and glare are his boyfriend. The bastard at least had the audacity to appear startled, Barney frozen next to the brunette as he looked back and forth between the two.
“Bye Daci,” Steve said with a smile as Tony grabbed his husband’s hand, the two looking happy as they headed for the elevator. Her Tati’s arm wrapped around her as Daci easily leaned into his side.
“Oh Buck,” he said fondly, walking over to his brother and clasping a hand on his shoulder. “You should know better than to try and negotiate with terrorists.” Bucky reached for the leftover bubbles, scooping up a large handful and smashing it in the blonde’s face.
body. I would never force you to do something like this if you didn’t want to.” Tony reached one of his hands out to rest against the blonde’s looking into those beautiful blue eyes incredulously.
Peter went from rolling to scooting to crawling and was on the edge of saying his first word. He was an adorable pup who smiled at just about everyone.
him! I told you it’s only when we drink. Christ on a cracker just fucking drop it, okay!?” Clint snapped, which had Bucky close his mouth in regret. All he was supposed to do was make sure Clint was okay, and he did that. So why wasn’t he leaving?
“It was a stupid boy. He made fun of me for having one parent. I said I don’t have one parent, I have two and he said you don’t call your parents by their first name. I said Clint loves me more than his father loved him, cause his dad ran away from his family to be with his secretary. And then he started crying and told on me. But Clint I didn’t use my strength or my powers!” The snort it got from her blonde father caused her to look up at him in amusement.
“He’s not a normal boy,” Tony finished, shaking his head, “We’ll also have to test his knowledge, eventually. When he wakes up. He might display intellect, but they probably didn’t teach him colors and shapes in HYDRA preschool.”
“What?” Clint asked, holding up his hands, “You get two powerhouses, we get the other two. I think that’s fair.”
Tony followed Bruce over to the group and acknowledged them with a wave, only smiling when Thor turned to beam at him.
“Your friend seems to be fitting in,” Bruce said quietly, earning a laugh from Tony, “I am sure he and Bucky will get along.”
“Oh, my sweet, sweet honey bear, I thought I would never see you again,” he whispered in his native tongue, tears welling up in his eyes and spilling over his cheeks, “What did you
Steve jumped back and Tony laughed at the other’s embarrassment at being caught, unsuccessfully stifling his giggles into his arm. Unimpressed, Bucky, Clint, and Natasha walked in, the former cuffing Steve on the back of the head.
down. But an army? We already know that HYDRA’s got the Winter Soldier project stuff. They’ll just zap ‘em all and that’ll be that.”
“I didn’t say now. When you’re ready,” Bruce answered, putting his glasses back on, “I mean, I think I know what it is already, so I’m worried, Tony.”
“I heard Buck talk like that b’fore, behind doors I was not s’posed to be listening to,” he admitted, panting a little, “Did...did you like it? Was it okay? I never--you were my first, little rabbit. I want to make sure it was good for you.”
“What’re you doing here? You’re Chair Force, not evac,” he asked, managing a small smile at Rhodey’s choked-up laugh.
Before Tony could protest more, Steve shifted down in the tub and brought his knees up, then grabbed Tony’s legs and placed them outside of his knees to keep him spread open. He heard Tony gasp, but he ignored it, using the new position so he could gently clean between Tony’s legs.
“…Protective,” Tony laughed, “Women won’t beat up paparazzi. But, y’know, sometimes I wish they would.”
“Could we get a blanket? Kid’s practically shivering and it’ll help keep us warm,” Tony asked, bouncing PJ in his arms.
“I guess not. I’m assuming that HYDRA only did what was necessary for a test subject, not for a human child,” Tony answered quietly, watching PJ start to tap the phone, “He didn’t know what a bathroom was, Rogers.”
“I feel wonderful. Thank you,” he said, his voice slightly raspy from the screaming, “You… you need to teach me how to talk like that. I tried it before, but you sound so much better. I have never felt so hot before.”
PJ shook his head, waiting for Tony to put down his mug and get settled before crawling into his lap and snuggling up to his chest. He picked up the first book and handed it to Tony, then resettled the elephant and stuck his thumb in his mouth.
“Howard, really, you are nine sheets to the wind, and he has his friends over for once. You need to go lie down—”
“Oh, gods, Tony, no! No, no, darling, never,” Steve interrupted, his light skin quickly heating into a rosy pink, “You are
He sighed and stood to place the breakfast platter down where he had been sitting. He leaned down to kiss both Tony and Peter’s foreheads, then left to join the others to train. Tony guiltily watched him go as he could feel the flicker of hurt in their bond. Peter must have felt it as well, for he whimpered and curled up tighter in Tony’s lap.
“I’m assuming he was tortured or abused in some way that someone reaching for him sets off a reaction,” Tony answered carefully, attempting to not give away his own sadness, “It’s better for him to initiate the touch part of the contact. He’ll set his hand in yours if you offer him your palm, though.”
“Shh, love, I am here,” he whispered, wiggling a finger into Peter’s tiny fist for the baby the hold onto, “Go back to sleep. I will keep you safe, I promise.”
“…Yeah, I’m staying. Mom is coming too,” Steve grumbled in embarrassment, folding his arms over his chest, “She wanted to make sure I stayed.”
Tony quickly clacked his mouth shut, standing up from the floor as embarrassment coiled in his gut. He turned to try and escape down to the lab since PJ was in semi-reliable hands, figuring he could work on new stretchable Kevlar for Bruce, and maybe start the updates that Pep had requested for the latest Starkpad—
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes, but there was some truth to the statement. Howard would pay his way out of an untimely end and step on anyone to crawl out of the pit. It meant they need to not only prepare for war but an all-out bloodbath.
Steve leaned in to press his lips to Tony’s forehead, then did the same with PJ, whispering comforts to the boy before heading out with the team. PJ waved to them as Tony watched them go, a little stunned, but somehow still standing on his two legs.
“All clear,” Tony said softly, gently pulling on Steve’s hand to take it away from his eyes, “Are you alright?”
“You believe in a god, Mister Stark? How…naïve,” Arnim Zola crooned from the other side of the door, the pixels of his smile stuttering as the picture shifted, “The subject is alive, as long as you…behave. It seems to fair better knowing that you are alive, so for now, your life is as good as its cooperation.”
Bruce’s lips turned up into a small smile as he nodded, knocking his head against Thor’s shoulder as a sign of thanks. With that, Natasha turned to Tony and Steve, having to clear her throat to wake up the former.
He stood and winced, ignoring the sharp pain in his side from Tony writhing on his wound. Careful, he helped Tony up and carried him out to the bed, laying him back down and spreading his legs out. Tony looked absolutely debauched: his hair was wild and askew, eyes nearly completely black with lust and cock red and thick, leaking against his belly.
Thor laughed and translated to Steve, who merely deepened his pout. He grumbled out a sentence, but the strict manner soon fell and his arms began to shake, so he ducked his head to hide his face from them. With a soft sigh, Thor put a hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeezed.
“After tonight, neither of you can bug me about going out for at least six months,” Steve said as he tossed Clint his keys, following the two out to his truck. Natasha and Sam were already at the bar, as was Thor who was chugging a beer. The bar was crowded but not claustrophobic and when Thor put a shot in front of him he instantly took it.
He rounded the corner with Banner, holding two cup holders with four coffees each; while Bruce had bags in his arms – the smell of donuts and other baked goods wafting to the pair. Rhodey followed behind the two, holding a duffle bag – most likely filled with time wasting stuff for the group. Steve’s brow furrowed when he noticed Clint and Natasha weren’t with them.
He stood frozen as Daci released his wrist and slowly - and painfully - stood up to face him. She was shaky on her feet but looked directly at him, hunched over. Her eyes were green again, the same green he saw his look like in the mirror. She kept her face slack and if Strucker actually knew anything about this amazing girl, he’d know when she was faking it. But since he didn’t, Bucky carefully kept his face panicked and inwardly smiled at the thought of what would come next.
"-YOU'RE IRON MAN?!?" the boy screamed in excitement, causing the genius to stumble a little before standing up to steady himself. Tony nodded to the little boy jumping around his sister and screaming.
," she said shooting a glare at her taller father. Tony once again couldn't help but chuckle, realizing that crossing his arms revealed the red marks around his wrists from the cuffs he was wearing earlier. The blonde blushed furiously as he stretched the sleeves back down, moving to stop Emerson as she began walking back to the exam room.
“Oh god it’s morning! You guys can’t go five minutes without groping each other?” Peter asked, bypassing them as he poured himself a cup of coffee. Steve smiled before gently letting Tony down, moving to whip something up for breakfast.
He glanced back at James, who had an equally concerned expression on his face, before turning back to grab his key and open the door.
to be here,” she choked out a few more sobs before continuing. “…I’m sure you guys feel differently now and want to talk about putting me up–”
“We’d like to officially adopt you, Emerson.” Steve said with such heart and finality Tony thought he felt himself falling in love with him all over again. She looked back and forth at the two, eyes wide. Tony’s heart melted as her smile grew on her face.
“You sure you want Pappy teaching him? You know he taught me to fight dirty, right?” Buck asked as he passed the other Alpha, reaching into the mini fridge for a gatorade.
“My lucky cannoli,” Steve specified as he spun Tony around. The shorter teen tried to maintain his glare as the blonde just laughed at him. “What’s wrong with cannoli? Is it cause you’re not technically cream filled?”
, Steve swore to himself, would not be revealed to her. He registered Tony rubbing his shoulder in comfort, feeling himself relax and even smile a little at the kind action.
“I just don’t want any shit from Rumlow, is all,” Steve explained quietly. “Not like I’m going to call the guy.”
“After he shoved his way in – convinced I was lying about Steve – he cornered me against the wall… said he heard I was gay, ‘caught it from Steve,’ before saying how he could quote “fuck the dyke out of me”…that’s when I hit him with a knee to the nuts and vase to the noggin,” she finished with a little laugh. “So no, I’m not going back there.”
No of course not, because Sunset demanded his attention as she began openly and disgustingly flirting with him.
“Steve and Tati are fighting,” she said quietly, hoping he’ll understand her explanation and not ask for more. He stepped to the side, allowing her space to enter his floor. She stepped inside, heading straight for his couch and cuddling Wolf close.
His feet started moving on their own accord, back to Stark’s floor for an explanation. Stark and Steve were in the living room, alone and making out with each other.
– hummed in approval before grabbing the smaller man’s ass and pulling the two of them up to a standing position. Tony wrapped his arms around his neck for balance and squawked again, laughing at this ridiculous person he’d been lucky enough to marry.
“Alright, that’s enough teasing the big guy. I can handle it from here. Goodnight everyone,” Natasha said, shooing the others away but without any anger in her voice. She made eye contact with Daci as the child followed the others out, offering Daci a smile that she easily returned.
“Cub?” she heard, snapping her out of her it and turning towards her father. He was sitting on the mat, looking tired but happy and reached an arm out towards her in invitation. She smiled back at him before giving him a hug, sitting with him and staring at the giant in wonder.
"Yeah! Max! Welcome to the family Max!" he said as she noticed her fathers had walked over to join them.
“Wow...will you invite me when you win the Nobel Prize?” Steve asked sincerely, but laughed along with Tony at the question. The whirring sound came back as DUM-E rolled over to them, holding a tray with two sodas on it.
“Tony what the actual fuck?” he heard Steve demand as Bucky still laid on the floor, brain doing weird things in his skull.
“Right? Anyway, Tony actually had all the girls suspended for two weeks and had stuff added to their permanent record. Which…whatever that doesn’t exactly solve my problem. But I appreciate it. Anyway - so, about this one chick. How do you make yourself hate someone?” May laughed a little at that.
“I...I swear I haven’t pressured Clint into anything like that!” Bucky interrupted, shouting in panic at the thought. Cheryl just put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed gently.
“Hey Ashley,” Carol said in a fake voice, mocking the shorter teen. “Why don’t you go ask one of your ‘royal subjects’ instead? Seems pretty obvious the king
“Barton?” the brunette asked in surprise, just as a toddler walked over and clung to the teen’s leg. Clint watched him reached down before pulling him up to balance the boy on his hip, which - fuck since when was he attracted to that?
But then that sneaky devil of a husband of his sweet talked him and now he was sitting at their home, coloring with the twins, waiting for Wade to bring the boy to his new foster home.
He got up, feet moving on their own accord as he left his bedroom in a huff. Daciana was walking in the hallway with a scared expression on her face, Bucky not even registering it was his demeanor that was frightening her.
“So Tony you work for your father, is that right?” Sarah asked as she sat down next to Clint, snuggling close to the Omega who snuggled right back.
“I think I owe Sam an apology, I’ll see you guys later,” Steve said, relief washing over him as he made his way back to the common room. He found Sharon and Sam sitting next to each other, laughing over something before turning to smile at seeing Steve join them.
Tony looked up at Steve and frowned. The Prime shrugged in a helpless sort of way, then led them to sit down on the bank.
“Hey, are you real smarts?” Steve’s voice interrupted, “I’m kinda smarts, but not at maths. Do you wanna help me?”
“Children,” Bruce interrupted, rolling his eyes, “Please. Just focus on making sure PJ gets through the next two nights, alright? And Tony, stay in your damn bed. The Other Guy isn’t happy you got hurt.”
“As of 2012, HYDRA began the Child Soldier Initiative. Essentially, they sent operatives to gather pieces of our biological print to create as much of a DNA profile as they could. Since this was right after the Chitauri, they only focused on us, as we were the only Avengers at the time. As the program expanded, they meant to expand the DNA profiles as well, but then—then they got a hit. So, they didn’t want to waste resources chasing after Pietro or Wanda or the others.”
Knowing that Peter was asleep, Tony felt more comfortable to allow himself to drag his eyes down Steve’s body, trying to not squirm at the arousal that coiled in his guts. The man’s posture allowed him to have a full view of his front since Steve sat with one heel up on the side of the chair as if he was presenting himself. Tony had already known he was mostly covered in downy hair, but with the full visual, he could not help but stare at the thick thatch of blond hair that spread out from the base of his cock and up toward his belly. He had thought he preferred more clean-shaven skin, yet all he wanted to do was crawl over to the Alpha and shove his face into his crotch, just to feel the curly hairs scratch across his face. It was embarrassing to have those thoughts about a man he barely knew.
“Steve...can we have chips with the sandwiches?” He sighed internally, hoping to avoid putting any chips out since his little ones sucked them up like vacuum cleaners. But grabbed a bag regardless, putting some on a plate for Daci while tucking the rest away.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Bucky asked, more in exhaustion than any real anger. If the tables were turned, he doesn’t know how he would tell Clint….
The god of thunder began making his way to the bathroom before Emerson regained her senses and reached an arm out to stop him.
“I appreciate it Tony, I really do. And I may hold it to you later when we aren’t within earshot of Captain Rule-Follower – this earned a snort from Tony and a scoff from Steve – but for now I think I’d just like breakfast. And maybe…I mean. I don’t know what you guys are doing today or have plans, I know you are both busy people –”
“Where’s the Frosted Flakes?” he asked his brother. The man rolled his eyes at him, putting Joey in the kid’s seat before pushing the cart along.
"Excellent, Em, meet us at the elevators while I go get your Pop," he said as he started to go back to his room.
“Oh good, you’re home,” he said with his usual amount of snarkiness. Steve didn’t say anything at first, just looked sadly at his husband. He spoke after a beat.
“You’re having a baby?” Harley asked carefully with the slightest of frowns on his face. Tony and Steve shared another look, this one with panic.
“Alright, I think that’s enough drinking for you,” Clint said as he took the beer from Bucky’s hand and gave it to Natasha.
The Omega’s nerves were starting to settle in as they approached the food court. Ty had apparently beaten them there, sipping on a coffee and looking down at his phone. The Alpha looked up as they approached and offered a toothy smile.
“But you didn’t abort me. And now… now I’m with a loving family…who will probably kick me to the curb when I tell them…” she said with sudden defeat, partially turning to walk away from this.
“They’ve been gracious enough to let me stay with them, and…and (Peter noticed her shoulder flinch from anxiety at the honesty of her statement) I’d like to continue staying with them. I feel safe with them and Peter. My records show that my grades have improved, too. And if Mr. Piggs over there was any good at his job he would have made note of my clean urine test and lack of self-harm since staying with them.” She finished glaring at the man, who in turn was glaring back at her.
“Hey, what’s wrong kiddo?” Tony asked kindly, looking her in the eyes with concern. She looked back at the bath and sat in silence a little longer before Tony spoke again. “You know, after Afghanistan I wasn’t able to let water touch my face.” She looked back at him after that, having forgotten about Afghanistan in his file.
Joey wraps her arms around herself, attempting to stop the ventilation by just holding her breath – which is not one of her best ideas. It kind of does the job, though, even if she feels incredibly light headed after doing so. She takes a few minutes to calm down, giving up on trying to stop the onslaught of hot tears continuing to pour out of her eyes.
He was still pissed at Wade, and wondered how long he could avoid going back home to his husband and children.
“Meeting at seven, Pepper threatened castration,” the brunette mumbled as he pushed Steve out of the way of the door frame so he could enter the room. He made a beeline for the bed and ignored his husband’s huff of disapproval in favor of collapsing onto the twenty thousand dollar bed.
And after an hour of dancing, the two decided to leave to go get ice cream. They said goodbye to their friends, who did a lot of teasing as the two quickly made their exit.
“Good. In this together, then,” Steve said before leaning forward to kiss him. It was soft and chaste, the Alpha pulling back before cuddling the Omega close and resting his lips against his neck. It wasn’t quite near the gland, but it was close enough to send a shiver down Tony’s spine.
"Because...because I hear you guys joke to the other Avengers that you're glad you have older children. That you guys will get more
“Third of all, you’re going to tell me what that shit of an English teacher said to you. That’s right, Steve told me.” She sat there dumbfounded, going over his three points and glaring at him for the last one –
date with that woman. She begrudgingly followed him to Stark’s floor, confused by the arguing she could hear coming from the living room.
“What? No Steve, I'm not bonded, remember?” Tony asked, pulling his collar to reveal his unbonded gland. “That man is his godfather, my oldest friend in the world and is already bonded to an amazing woman. But...yeah that um, that pup is mine...and is also the reason I left without a note. He was with my parents that night and my mom had called to tell me he had a fever and was taking him to the hospital. I mean he’s clearly fine, but yeah...that’s why…”
“Oh,” he said, momentarily stopping the assault, “just that it’ll be hard to find dresses in our sizes. And by ‘our sizes’ I mean you freaks taller than five nine. Plus we still have the charity thing tonight.” Steve groaned at the reminder, glaring a little at the man who just smiled brightly back at him. “Don’t stress doll, I already have a different pair of costumes picked for that.” Tony wiggled his brows at him while Steve heavily resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
“You can’t stop me Miles. I figured it out. This spider is the key to everything! I’ll be strong, superhuman strong - not some weak and pathetic shrimp. I’ll be a hero! My father will-” his speech was interrupted by the groans coming from the ceiling. Miles reached for him, but was knocked back by some debris as the ceiling came down on them.
Well that did wonders for Steve’s ego. He looked around, hoping for at least a note and finding none. Last night was...incredible. But apparently he was the only one who felt that way.
He held off as long as he could, making sure Joey had Steve in the room before quickly escaping to absolutely murder him. And that’s when his so called ‘besties’ caught him before he could bring justice to this situation.
“Do you have any extra sunglasses?” Joey asked before he shut the car door. Peter’s face lit up at the prospect, even though it wasn’t a particularly sunny day. He held a finger up at the two, reaching into the backseat where Pepper insisted he keep ‘emergency bags’ and yup! Sure enough, another pair of Tony’s Ray Bans and one of Peter’s adorable child-size ones. He pulled them out and handed them to the two, smiling when Joey’s jaw-dropped at the Ray Bans.
"Peter my friend! I am so happy to see you! But where is that boyfriend of yours? I was excited to embarrass you and meet the man," Shuri said as she heard Peter laugh at his old friend.
“Um, no. Not to my face at least?” the blonde said with a smile, leaning in to kiss Tony before pulling back abruptly with a pout. “Wait...did anyone make fun of you?” he asked sincerely, which had Tony rolling his eyes heavily in response.
"What are you so worked up about? Harley's fine and he's obviously going to be an Alpha when he presents at twelve and won't have to worry about that anymore."
“I’m no different than him,” he said quietly as he hung his head in defeat. It took Steve a minute to realize who he was talking about.
“You gotta walk to me, Joey,” he encouraged as he dangled the camera in front of her, before quickly taking a step back to stand by the edge of the couch. He saw Bucky out of the corner of his eye move to watch what she’d do.
“–hey! You didn’t come out to me!” she said with mock offense. He smiled at his girl, shaking his head fondly at her truth.
“Grant?” she asked, feeling bad when Tony started laughing from the ground. “Tony what’s your middle name?”
She turned sharply on her heels, walking to her bedroom to cool off. She had a lot of pent up anger lately, Tony didn’t deserve that kind of wrath.
“No, unfortunately. She moved to Australia with her husband. But that doesn’t mean I ever stopped loving her.”
“Yes. I got custody of her after he died almost five years ago. It really…threw my whole world for a loop. I lost my big brother and gained custody of his daughter. Dropped out of art school, changed careers to become an EMT cause I knew it was more financially stable.” Tony let the words soak in, frowning at the sacrifices he had to make.
They sang him happy birthday, passed around cupcakes and continued berating him about not celebrating. Not even when he got off at 8pm later that evening; he never understood how anyone has energy to go out and drink after a 24 hour shift.
“No, no don’t tell,” Tony begged, finally saying something, “It’ll just make it worse, you can’t tell
“I’m fine,” he bit back, forcing a smile on his face as PJ teetered out of the car, stumbling a bit before running over to grab onto to his pant leg, “Hello, small bean. Papa’s going to carry you for a bit, okay?”
It seemed like the hours slogged on as Tony tried to sleep, but it was elusive, and he woke up every few minutes plagued with nightmares of the smell of piss and burnt flesh. Of course, he was used to keeping his body still whenever he woke up abnormally, but the rigidity didn’t go unnoticed by his new cuddle bug.
“Fuck,” Tony whispered, staring at the image of Steve: bent over while his hands spread his cheeks apart, cum dribbling out of his hole, face flushed and overall debauched. “When did you get two mirrors?”
She blinked some of the tears away that made him blurry. She suddenly felt both incredibly drained and overwhelmed. She was craving physical reassurance and hesitated only a moment before speaking again.
“HEAR YOU OUT?!?!” Peter shouted back, exhaling loudly through his nose when Miles waved his hands to silence him. “Why the fuck do you have spider senses,
“Remember wha-” Bucky was cut off when the blonde kissed him. He tasted like tequila and sweat, but the taller teen didn’t find himself immediately shoving him back. I mean, he did after a second, the thought of taking advantage of the younger man shooting panic up his spine.
“Yeah, I guess I should be getting to work. Make sure you show Ma that video, she’ll love seeing how incredible her grandbaby is,” his brother said as he walked over to the two.
His husband stopped and squinted at the darker haired man, “our kid,” he said gruffly before gently moving Emerson to Tony’s lap. She stirred a little as Steve got up to leave and even opened her eyes for a moment before looking up at the genius.
"I thought you said he like Iron Man!" he said in protest, even going so far as to cross his arms. The little boy spoke up before the blonde could reprimand his husband.
“Do you wanna do that?” the blonde asked, turning his head to the side a little. Tony looked at him incredulously, knowing Steve didn’t have any permanent marks on his body.
“Really?!” Peter exclaimed in excitement, further confusing Daci as she watched the boy jump up and down in the elevator.
"Pat, thanks for having us! These are my kids I told you about - Emerson and Miles. I hear only great things about you from Sam," he said as the man ushered the family to the chairs in the corner of the shop. There was only a few other elderly man getting their hair cut, so they knew it'd be safe from anything that would take the attention away from his kids' excitement.
“And you?” he said in anger, pointing a finger at his daughter. She could literally see him bite his tongue in restricted fury. “Get your ass home and to your room, while I have words with Mr. Anderson here,” he finished with his arms crossed.
They hadn’t discussed Joey calling them anything other than their names, figuring she’d feel weird about calling either of them ‘dad’ after her own died. Yet here she was, calling him by the name he’d loved hearing from Peter’s mouth. The grin spread across his face as he reached his arms out and quickly pulled her into a hug, ignoring her immediate protests.
is luxury,” Sam sighed, leaning back and closing his eyes, “We don’t even have to watch a movie. I’m cool with just laying here.”
“Whoa, whoa there, kiddo, it’s okay,” Tony soothed, quickly bending down to PJ’s level, “They’re friends. They’re good guys. The one with the metal arm I told you about already. That’s Bucky. The darker man with the red shirt is Sam and the tall guy with yellow hair is Steve.”
“That doesn’t make it a bad thing, necessarily,” Tony continued, reaching back over to rest a hand on Steve’s knee, “Sometimes, maybe. But it means you give a damn. I’d rather someone have a stance than have no stance at all. Anyway, what I’m getting at is that you’ve really—you’ve always been a hero. Even when you barely scraped by at ninety pounds soaking wet. And for someone who kind of—who had to become something even bigger than myself to be that—you’re intimidating. Not that I’d admit that to anyone else.”
He gently brushed back Peter’s soft hairs and smiled weakly at the happy baby, letting him nibble on his fingers for a good while. The baby was so very small, even compared to his own small hands, and he feared that one wrong move would hurt the poor thing. He had absolutely no idea how to care for a child; all he had had was a few short months to ask questions that would not arouse suspicion. Even then, the only person he could ask was his mother, and whenever he would get one piece of information, his father would walk in and demand he return to his studies. He was flying almost completely blind, and if it were not for his friends’ counsel and advice, he was sure he would have hurt Peter by now. The thought scared him to death; sure, the babe was far from planned, but Peter was
He poked the baby’s belly and smiled at his tiny squeals, playfully kissing his tummy until the babe squirmed in protest.
“That’s it. See? I am alright,” he soothed as Steve picked his head up, searching Tony’s eyes for something.
“Yeah? You’ve always loved my hands,” Tony groaned, wrapping his other arm around Steve’s shoulders to keep them pressed together, “Love my callouses on your cock, baby? Feels good, huh?”
“Good evening, my love,” Tony breathed, yawning and moving to sit up and cradle the baby in his arms, “We should find you some food—I have ruined your night’s sleep, have I not? Ah, well. Perhaps after a full meal you will be willing to go back to sleep.”
Oblivious, Steve merely smiled down at Tony, reaching up to cup his cheek until Tony moved away. They walked down to the dining room and Tony sat in the same chair that he had been proffered the night prior while Steve headed off toward the kitchen. He adjusted Peter to be up against his shoulder, patting his back as he suddenly remembered the after-feeding ritual. Pleased to hear the baby burp, he rubbed soothing circles, only to pause when his shoulder began to feel damp. He pulled Pete back, and seeing spit on his lips, sighed.
“No, no. I would help you pump every day and make sure you are as comfortable as you could be, given the circumstances. Induced motherhood is not easy, Tony. Your body’s natural response to Peter is to take care of him the best way it can, which includes producing for him. There…There are some upsides to it, if that helps. Your pheromones become stronger and help strengthen his resistance to illness.”
“Yeah, seemed to help a whole lot,” the Captain answered, sitting down on the edge of the bed, “We’re great parents.”
Steve choked and flipped through the rest of the pages, desperately looking for more. Not finding anything, he whined and put the book away, poking his head up from the blanket. Unsurprisingly, he found Tony watching him with an amused smirk, which made him flush in embarrassment.
“Sleep, Tony,” he said, pulling the covers up around them, “I’ll be here when you wake up. I promise.”
He squeezed Tony’s hand again and headed to his locker, so Tony bottled up his concern and did the same. After putting his costume up and shouldering his backpack, Tony fondly stroked a finger over the robot drawing on his inner locker door; it was a little crinkled after having it for so many years, but Steve had given it to him, so he kept it. He looked around to make sure no one was close before pressing a small kiss to the paper and closing the locker door. Quickly, Tony headed out front, finding his friends chattering in a small group.
“Yeah, but he doesn’t recommend you do it, especially when you’re surrounded by live bombs,” Natasha added unhelpfully from the shower.
“Breaker, breaker, this is Eagle One requesting contact, do you copy?” He said, having to bite back his giggles at hearing low swearing and a few crashes before Tony picked up.
Steve snorted at the nickname, shouldering his assault rifle as he followed Bucky to their jeep, taking the passenger side as Bucky roared out of the compound, their team members not far behind. They sped off into the desert, joking to each other on the way as they skimmed up and down dunes. As they started to converge on the location, a large explosion rocked the car, making Steve shout a curse as they all watched smoke and fire billow up out of the horizon. Bucky put the pedal to the metal and shifted into the top gear, pushing the car as fast as it could go toward the site. They’d barely skimmed 100 miles per hour when he slammed on the brakes.
Tony offered a noncommittal hum in response, shoving his arm under his pillow to help prop up his head. He sighed softly, wondering for a moment if he could have ever had this; with Pepper, it was different. He was too scared, too afraid of his own future to even consider putting a
More specifically, he meant finding Thor’s estranged younger brother who always managed to have drugs somewhere on his person, always ready to offer up a price. Usually, Tony wasn’t one for drugs since they lowered his inhibitions and made it difficult for him to think, but if he was going to get slammed on his bruises by Hank McCoy’s legendary outside kicks, he needed something to numb his—
The Warlord removed his hand and tilted his head, turning to the people behind him to speak to them in what Tony assumed was the Warlord language. After a second, he turned back, motioning to Tony with his hand.
Finally, the call had come in that the cavalry had been spotted, so he and Bruce had rushed outside with Peter to wait. A crowd had gathered around and after a lifetime of waiting, cheers erupted from the front, waking Peter and startling Tony out of his thoughts. He quickly moved the baby up to his shoulder and stepped away from the noise, standing off to the side where he could watch the Warlords ride through. He thought it was supposed to be a joyous occasion, but the cheers dwindled into eerie silence once the clop of the horses’ hooves could be heard. Lieutenant Barnes led the procession, focusing more on his horse’s mane than the people or anything else around him. His gaze was distant, and once the other Warlords showed, Tony understood why.
“Yeah, you. You’re lucky Uncle Bucky was there to scoop up your wily ass,” he continued, unable to help his smile at PJ’s giggle, “Yeah, uh-huh. And people say
Tony gaped, but before he could answer, the boy between them whimpered, his eyes scrunched shut. He started to shake, almost convulsing by the time Tony got the chair into the upright position.
, leaving Tony alone with the album. He picked it up, opening it to the first page to see a black and white photo of a much younger Maria, sweaty and hair in disarray in a hospital bed, a large smile on her face as she cradled a baby in her lap.
Steve’s glare softened to a pout and he turned back around, haughtily folding his arms over his chest again. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes.
“If I’m getting off, so are you,” he panted, fumbling with his pants before reaching over to undo Tony’s jeans, “That way we’re both degenerates.”
“Not quite,” Steve admitted, standing up from the floor as he eyed the child’s red, white and blue pajamas, “Now, I heard you say I’m supposed to read a bedtime story?”
