anyways i should go
and holy shit, loki is greeeeaaaat. I’ve never felt more in danger while kissing someone, even Natasha and wOw, his silky hair and green ey- fuck i sound weird
and yes i know but one of my friends caring led to like 7 different people continuously pestering me about this one fucking thing. and i cannot take it right now, so currently half of my contacts are blocked, including my boyfriend. idk when ill come back, maybe when this is all sorted out or maybe never. im not sure yet
is it weird that it feels like I’m talking to a person? Probably right? Eh NVM wait no fuck. Don’t answer that diary? Journal? I feel like a girl wow. ANYWAYS I’m
Rhodeys baby cousin is gonna be a boy! Too bad tho, I had so many girl names ready tho. Honeybear wants to name his cousin after a superhero tho! I refuse to let that happen, that baby doesn’t deserve that!
A blinding light shines from one of the cars as it begins to drive off. Of course, Hammer, and Tony in the passenger seat. He always wanted to show off. Steve just wanted to find Tony. Find Tony and go on that—
"Well, why are we here?" Wanda speaks up.
"Hey darlin', sleep well?"
Tony's eyes are ashamed, they're downcast and ready to fill up with tears.
Steve thinks back to Tony’s recent projects; ah yes, the reactor. “It’s okay, I know my baby will find another option. You’re very smart. But, when we’re upset, we find daddy and tell him, not throw things about.”
"You." The genius giggles and pats the space next to him for Steve to join him.
"I have access to any and all security cameras."
Steve sighs heavily, ever since movie night, he had been acting so strangely, distancing himself from Steve.
"Tony. We've spoken about this." His voice is no longer calm and gentle, there's some anger hiding behind the sternness of it. "We don't invite strangers round, do we baby", leaning down he pulls Tony into his lap.
Tony and Steve have wonderful friends :)
Tony blushes a little, moving out from behind Steve, to next to him, he waives his hand hesitantly. "Hi, Nat".
"I'd love to," Tony whispered, so quiet that if Steve didn't have supersoldier hearing, he wouldn't have heard it.
Surprising everyone there, he sits down in front of them, pulling his sunglasses over his head. “What’s going on with Tony? Thought he liked Steve?”
A couple of hours later, Tony wakes up, he yawns and stretches, sitting up rather dazed.
Steve switches off the StarkPad, a smile on his lips. Warm more so than sick, carrying the appreciation for Tony's actions rather than the thought of being able to claim him.
"JARVIS? Can you please ask Tony to come to bed?"
"—eve, Steve!!" Tony waves his hand in front of Steve's face, the man quickly realising that Tony is in front of him. When did he come from the lab?
"Ohhh daddy, you feel so good" Tony mewls, lowering himself onto Steve's cock, his little rim taking it inch by inch. Lifting the skirt up ever so gently, he watches Tony's muscles loosen around his girthy cock.
Once again, Steve steps in, "Tony's just going to change his outfit, he'll be back soon, why don't you have some cookies" he hands Nat the plate and she thanks him after taking one, giving Tony the perfect opportunity to slip out of the room and into his bedroom to change.
"I love you," There's a soft kiss on his head and Tony practically melts into him, he didn't need to say it back, Tony was always more physical with his actions, Steve
Tony's voice cracks a little causing Steve to calm his tone. This jealousy leaking through his voice is interpreted as anger by Tony, and Steve is never angry with Tony, never with his Tony.
Rolling his eyes, Tony scoffs, “I told him to get lost after lunch. Unsurprisingly he was in Sunset Bain’s arms by 6th period.”
Tony groaned and rubbed his face with his hand. Now he was making things complicated, exactly what he didn't want to happen.
What Tony had not been expecting to walk in the door was a woman that looked vaguely familiar. When he lifted his sunglasses a little, he remembered her from nearly a year ago, but it was her honey colored eyes, and the brown hair that had been curled around her shoulders when they first met. He was pretty sure that his nearly drunken brain at the time thought it would be a good idea to sleep with someone that looked like him, you know, if he was a female.
Mary took a step forward and Tony moved back. "I have to go," he said and moved for the elevator. "I have work to do, I have a deadline for SI."
"I don't wanna be someone who walks away so easily, I'm here to stay and make the difference that I can make." Steve took Tony's other hand. "Our differences they do a lot to teach us how to use the tools and gifts we got, yeah, we got a lot at stake." Tony swallowed, Steve's blue eyes locking onto his, feeling what Steve was putting behind the words. "And in the end, you're still my friend at least we did intend for us to work, we didn't break, we didn't burn. We had to learn how to bend without the world caving in. I had to learn what I've got, and what I'm not, and who I am." Steve rested his forehead to Tony's as he held out the note.
"You know it was not me inside of your mind." Loki leaned back against the wall, watching Tony now. "Was not my voice that you heard. But, you did what I could not, you fought."
Meg snorted a little. "I have my hands full already." There was a knock at the front door and the three looked over. "Excuse me a second, it's probably just my neighbor checking on me." She walked towards the front of the house, which Tony and Steve both noted that it didn't take long in the small house. She grabbed a jacket before opening the door, and another voice was heard.
is up and live with the first chapter!
"I can't let you do that, Clint," she said, stopping, not flinching as the cold barrel met her forehead.
“You don’t so the same, Mr Jumps-Out-Of-Planes-Without-Parachutes?” Tony countered with a raised eyebrow. Steve chuckled and nodded a little.
"Wish that I could help, my dear, but alas," Tony said putting a hand over his forehead, "my talents will be of no use for you."
"I didn't know I was in the water," Tony said quietly. Steve's finger stilled for a second, before starting up again. "When I hit the water, I retreated into my head."
"We'll watch Peter for you." The opposite of what he had been expecting. "You go and shame all of them, teach them another lesson in the humanity that they don't have."
Also, I cannot stress enough, that I am NOT in any way a mental health expert. There are many resources available, and I urge that if anyone feels the need to talk to anyone, or seek anything to do so. It's very important to take care of yourself, mentally and physically. I love you all. <3
He kept in the physical reaction of seeing that Jamie’s cells seemed to ‘boil’ the same as Steve’s had when introduced to the Serum, but it didn’t stop him from mentally shuddering. Eventually everything had settled down, and the original Serum and modified Serum seemed to be adapting with each other. Tony was still working with Bruce to try and understand what that would mean in physical results, but it wasn’t as pressing as other things.
Bucky looked back at Tony at that. "They're getting ready to move her from the hospital, staff is clean." He went to slide out of the booth and Tony quickly raised his leg to stop his progress. Bucky glared at Tony.
"Uh, you could say that?" Steve glanced up at her, then blinked when he saw a devious looking smile on her face. "What?"
"You know it would be fun!" Tony told her.
“I really doubt that it’s more important than knowing that Loki is actually, in fact, alive,” Clint said tightly.
"He wasn't Hydra," Bucky said as he stood up, looking down at the man. "He left a bag from the spot where he shot." Tony nodded a little, then turned around.
"How's your shoulder?" Coulson asked with a nod towards said shoulder.
So sorry for the long waiting my darlings! I was sick with what felt like the plague/flu, (there were jokes with a friend about becoming a zombie, and whichever one of us recovered had to kill the other for the sake of humanity), there were hospital visits, and nursing home visits, and generally lots of sick people involvedl (sitting in a hospital room wearing one of those masks for hours on end gets annoying. How do people wear those out in public all the time without overheating their faces??) Also, I'm dealing with snow, because my state SUCKS with weather (seriously, my state never knows what season it is), so I'm currently dealing with sinuses, but I can work with that at least.
"It used to," Tony told him. Of course it hurt him, it was huge compared to his chest, and it had a strange energy running through it that a human body wasn't meant to handle. The latter he had gotten used to though. But the weight of his sitting on his ribs, on his chest? That he didn't think he would ever get used to. Jarvis would have specs for a thinner, more efficient, model ready by now. But he wasn't about to tell his two year old son that it hurt, or how he had gotten it.
"I know," Tony said with a small smile. He leaned in again, capturing Steve's lips, sliding his hand up Steve's arm and to the back of his neck. "Why do you think I'm kissing you in my workshop? Nothing ever stays here, at least not for long." Steve smiled and kissed Tony again, drawing a moan from the genius.
Tony worked his jaw in a circle a couple of times, staring off at the wall. "What are you going to tell Peter?" He asked in a blank tone that had unease prickling at the back of Steve's head. "You're going to be gone for a long time."
Jamie made a noise of contentment when Bucky brought her in close enough for her to rest against his chest, head on his arm. Steve let out a soft breath when he saw that, and Tony knew what he was going to say. “Fine,” he breathed out, rolling his eyes at himself. “But that doesn’t mean that I won’t be talking to them about this,” he followed up, and Bucky let out a snort, but never took his eyes off of Jamie. His face said that he was afraid he might drop her, but his arms were secure.
The drink had Tony's desired effect; lulling Steve to sleep. He hadn't known that the blonde would fall asleep with his head practically in Tony's lap though. Tony almost drifted to sleep as he ran his fingers through Steve's hair, keeping him asleep until the sun came up in the morning. When Jarvis turned off the TV, Tony gently moved the super soldier's head from his thigh back onto the couch, making sure the blanket he threw over him didn't fall off, and got to work getting breakfast, (cereal), ready for Peter.
"I'm okay," Peter said, setting his backpack down by the empty dining room chair next to the one that Steve had been sitting in. Steve closed the door and went back over to the table. He grabbed the booster seat that Mary had gotten for Peter just for his place, and placed it on the chair as Peter pulled out his school book, sketchbook, and pencil case. "Mom said that if I got my weekend homework done before she got back from work, then she would get me some new colored pencils tomorrow." Peter grinned as he climbed up into the seat, Steve taking his own seat again.
There were several plates on the table. "I went for a kind of buffet style, thing. There's some chicken gnocchi soup, and some caprese bruschetta mini sandwiches, along with an antipasto plate. I tried for some blueberry clafouti, and some beignets for a dessert." Tony wasn't sure if Steve understood any of what he said, he had been talking so fast. Steve was leaning in closer to the clafouti dishes. "It's a French dessert, like a cross between a flan and a cheesecake, but not really a cheesecake, cause it's more creamy than anything, and soft, and I just really like blueberries."
"A little ostentatious, don't you think?" All gold? Really? The all silver had been pushing it, but it was just the testing model.
They left Julie feeling a bit more secure, the boys asleep, and Tower still under partial lockdown with a full lockdown for the residential floors. Steve and Tony hit the elevator and Tony was turning to look at the blonde. "Wade overheard everything, didn't he?" Steve nodded and Tony sighed. "That kid, we need to put a bell on him."
Steve glanced back at his phone. Of course she would have figured out his identity if she saw the pictures. Meg knew what his bike looked like, and she would know who he was since he always wore the same jacket when he was riding.
"I'm trying to work on the arc reactor." Tony's fingers started to drum against the desk in annoyance. "But the way I work on it needs to be my way, and I won't have SHIELD in my business if I don't want them, too."
"Including your face, and name." Steve nodded. "Shit, Steve."
"I just did." Even Jarvis sounded rushed. And then he was up, flying, dropping off the rest of the chitauri soldiers.
"I've got him, Peter," Steve said gratefully into the coms. "I've got your Daddy, right here, by my side." Tony's eyes slid over to him. "I'm gonna bring him to you."
"Stay to eat an actual breakfast," Steve stopped him. "Then you can go do what you need to do." He pointed at a chair and Tony sunk down into it.
“I don’t need to hear anything that could possibly allude to what goes on in their bedroom,” Meg whined. “I’d rather keep my appetite, thank you very much.”
"Well, all that is something that the adults will have to decide on their own," Tony said to his excited son. "Wade's mom still has a job around here, and Grandma and Granpa have responsibilities in California. So don't be too upset if they say they can't do it, alright?" Peter nodded, giving him his best grown-up look.
Tony blinked his eyes open. At first everything was too bright, too blue, then something moved up, blocking the light. Tony blinked a couple more times and he saw a face, blonde hair, Steve. "Can you see me alright?" Steve asked, his voice quieter. Tony nodded once. Steve moved to get out and Tony's hand shot out, grabbing onto his shirt, fingers digging in tightly.
“Mary reads Lord of the Rings to Peter at night,” Tony told her.
"I doubt very much that you would be capable of that at this moment," Loki told him, the bastard looking relaxed. "You have seen, and heard, many things. You went through the portal, you saw what-"
“All yours then, Prince Charming.” Steve couldn’t help but roll his eyes a little when Tony winked at him.
The flash of the holographic screen caught Tony's attention and he looked up seeing the file pop up. Steve's mission looked low risk, mostly stealth. Nothing undercover, which was good, because Tony didn't think that Steve was ready for that yet. It looked like they shouldn't be expecting any trouble. It also looked like Steve was getting bored. He may have had a point when he noticed that Tony was spending more time in the workshop. There was always something to keep him busy over the summer, helping Peter with his art and science experiments, or rather being there as Steve gave Peter art lessons; helping Mary with her healing and then the wedding; working with Bruce before he went to his Doctors without borders, or whatever he did when he ran off. But now everyone was gone again.
"Do you mind holding him for a bit?" Tony asked Steve when the soldier looked at Tony oddly. "I told him that I would see if anyone else could have visitors, he wants to make sure that everyone else is alright." Steve nodded a couple times.
Steve felt himself grinning stupidly again. “I was afraid that it might have been part of a dream, thanks for reminding me.”
"We were going to watch the Stark Expo opening tonight," she said with a sad wrinkle to her nose. "Seems that's why Fury wanted to do this tonight?"
"Loki, fuck, what the hell are you doing in here!" Tony shouted, subtly looking around for a weapon. "How did you get out of your cage?" Tony tried not to move when Loki stepped closer to both Tony and the bed. He did move closer to the bed when Loki looked to be getting closer to Steve.
"That's-" Steve started.
“I knew I’d get that to stick,” Tony whispered by Steve’s ear with a grin.
"There are too many variables left open," Tony said quietly. The two were sitting on Steve's bed, facing each other, legs crossed. There was coffee on the table closest to Tony, just in case. His eyes were still red, a bit puffy, but he was feeling a little bit better. Steve had held onto him until Tony had stopped crying, waited until he was ready move, then suggested that they go to his room. It would be more comfortable, and private in case anyone came off the elevator. Also, Steve could change his shirt that had a large wet spot on it.
"Defense?" Tony raised his eyebrows in shock. "I don't know what you did before you came here, unleashing death and destruction, but-"
"That's a big negative," Tony told him. "No one's here to watch the little Spider." After Natasha had coined it, Peter had loved the nickname Spider. They decided to use that as his code name over the comms when they on missions. "Not taking the chance."
“You know, you’re right,” Tony said quickly with a nod. “It’s late, we should go up and get to bed. The kids will be waking us up, as per usual, and it just wouldn’t do any good if I was too tired to get up.” Steve glanced back at him, one eyebrow raised up. He slid his hand into Tony’s, but continued getting closer, dragging the inventor closer with him. Steve felt the pull of Tony's hand on his, but he kept getting closer. With his free hand, Steve gently turned the left hand of the Iron Man suit and looked for the MK stamp.
"He's been crashing here, helping try to find you, and keeping me sane," Steve mumbled, a faint blush crawling up his neck. "Come on," Steve said and they headed for his bedroom this time.
Steve turned and smiled at him, walking over to Tony and pulling his hand out of his pocket so their fingers could lace together. "Nothing smells burnt, there's no smoke or signs of a fire, and it all looks edible, so it must be amazing." Tony snorted softly. "Okay, but you have to admit it looks much better than what we had on our first real date."
"I don't have a choice." Tony blinked at the gruff voice that spoke to them, surprised. The sounds of the quinjet had the man surprised this time, and he turned quickly, jumping out of the window quickly.
"I'll tell the press about this," George said. He was no longer smiling, but he wasn't going to stop apparently. "I'll tell them how Iron Man and Captain America assaulted me."
"Rogers," Bucky started, shaking his head. "You don't-"
Fun with music. And a surprise for everyone! (Even the Readers)
"Get her back inside the house-" Tony winced when he heard Rachel started to yell at George, "-quietly."
Bucky was looking between Tony and Steve, silently asking Steve for some back up. “Is she trying to say your name?” Tony asked the dark hair man. “Were you teaching her to say your name while we were gone?”
Tony looked at Steve with big eyes, like a kid at Christmas. "You cannot yell at me for testing on a pregnant woman if she volunteers for it! She's already checked with her doctor about her health, I'm making a liability waiver."
Todd smiled brightly at Tony. "She's going to be a handful," he said instantly and Tony groaned lightly. "I have two of them. But, I wouldn't trade them for the world."
Steve was flipped over the mans shoulder and Tony moved forward with a thrust to his chest from the heel of his hand. His wrist was grabbed and Tony threw an elbow at his jaw, but the man deflected it. His armored hand free once again he grabbed onto the barrel of the gun, palm covering the opening as the man pulled the trigger. The vibration of the shot reverberated through his hand and he felt the bullet lodged in the workings of the repulsor, effectively shutting it down. His eyes widened as it occurred to him that the gun was at head level.
"Of course I love you, too," Tony told him. He wondered how long they could go back and forth with interrupting each other. Setting aside his now empty mug, he slide his hands up to rest on Steve's shoulders by his neck. "I think I jumped the gun when I asked you to move in." Tony knew he had to act quickly when he saw the rejection start to flood Steve's expression. "There's just, there's something that I found out, and that you should know, and it could change your mind." He reached into the inside pocket of the jacket he had on and pulled out Howard's leather journal. "You should read this."
"What's up, Cap?" Tony called from somewhere in the workshop. Steve looked around, then saw a pile of metal shift.
"Remember the animals you guys fought? The first they popped up?" Tony asked, turning on the bed so the two of them were facing each other. "The same day that assassin popped up, who's still on radio silence." Steve nodded, he very much remembered that day. "I'm pretty sure that was when they made breakthroughs on their experiments. And I'm not completely sure yet, but I got an early peek at some of Bruce's tests, and I know enough about DNA to know that in that sample of whatever, it was human. I'm pretty sure they're doing human experiments now."
Tony hummed, looking through updated files on all of the Avengers, which he supposed they officially were now, which was kind of weird to think about. He went through and took out any information that linked Peter to him, because he still didn't trust SHIELD, and didn't want Peter's life in danger. The important people who needed to know about Peter knew through Tony himself, that was enough.
“Of course, Sir. I never forget the sheer power that you wield.” The engineer rolled his eyes.
"Oh, you have, have you?" He fished the keys to the SUV from his pocket and unlocked the doors "Did you talk this over with her in the bathroom?"
"In as few words."
He quickly slid out of the humvee, trying to ignore the unsteadiness of his legs, the shake in his hands. He looked around, eyes lighting on one of his guns on the ground and grabbed it. Tony tried to fire it, tried to reload it, but it wouldn't budge. Cursing, he threw the jammed weapon to the ground.
Bucky stepped out of the apartment, both Coulson and Mary inside with the twins and Meg. Looking towards the elevator he didn’t see the security guard Todd there, but when he looked down the other way he saw that the Wilson’s apartment door was partially open. He could hear Julie raising her voice to someone, most likely over the phone by the fact that there was no answering voice, and Wade was sitting on the floor against the wall. Bucky walked over quietly and sat down next to him.
Steve waited for Mary, after dropping Peter off at Wade's house, wanting to catch her alone. A week after his initial search, he had the proof he needed, and now he needed to talk to Mary. Waiting int he hall, he caught her eye and motioned to his apartment. She raised an eyebrow, but followed him over, shutting the door.
Coulson nodded, and turned quietly, disappearing from the Tower. Tony closed the tablet, slipping it under his arm. He'd take Peter to the Master bedroom, queue up a couple of movies, tell Peter about Mary, and pray that he could get Peter to sleep. There was no way that Tony would be sleeping, and he was pretty sure that Peter wouldn't be sleeping, knowing that his Mama was hurt.
"Until you infiltrated my personal life," Tony shot at Natasha.
Steve got up first, then pulled Tony up by one hand and walked with him. “We should spend more time in here.”
"No." Tony shook his head, and tried to pull away from the grip of the cold hand. The other hand of the creature flew up and grabbed the side of Tony's head.
Steve ran his fingers gently along the hood of the car. “You got this for me?” Tony rubbed the back of his head a little, a shy smile on his lips. “I wanna ride in this one.”
Steve had jumped from his bed, running to the door when he heard Jarvis call his name. He saw the door to Peter's bedroom open, then saw Tony stumble out, falling to the floor. His eyes were wide, pupils were blown, and he was hyperventilating. An older man was rushing down the hall, kneeling front of Tony and Steve blinked. There was a woman in the doorway to Peter's room, watching Tony with wide, but hard, eyes.
“Not all of them,” Steve pouted a little. “Mostly just the ones with older kids.”
Making sure that the nightlight was on, Tony left the room, leaving the door open a crack with the hallway nightlight on. Tony ruffled his hair and headed back for the living room, Bruce still in his chair, but this time with his own tablet out while Tony's was waiting for him on the coffee table, Peter's sketchbook next to it. He sat down on the edge of the couch and leaned forward to glance at the sketchbook page. Peter had been very carefully working on the page for about an hour, drawing slowly, with deliberate movements. Last time he had asked his son about a sketch, he had clammed up until the drawing was done, moving his body to cover it every time Tony tried to look at it. So now he just let Peter work on his art without interruption, knowing he would ask for help or opinions when he wanted it.
Steve started to wake up slowly, something not sitting right. He remembered falling asleep on the couch up in the Penthouse, Jamie down for a nap, and Tony with Peter. He pulled in a breath through his nose then opened his eyes. And promptly yelped, jumping up and falling off the couch onto the floor.
Tony took several deep, and vaguely controlled breaths in, and out, through his nose. It was too much. There was shouting, then more calm voices, then gruff tones. People were moving around him, and the air seemed to pulse with too much energy, too many emotions around him. He couldn’t focus on the thoughts in his head, couldn’t hear himself. There was a twinge his arm and his hand slapped down to cover it suddenly.
“And that’s how I found my way here.” Tony had taken his glasses off, folding them up in his hands, and looking at Danielle. She only continued to look back at him, her face carefully neutral. “Are you sure that you haven’t treated any other superheroes? You’re awfully good at this.”
"I want you to become his Guardian," she told him, looking up at him. Tony straightened in his chair, eyes wide.
"I think I might leave the dancing to you, Tony." Steve chuckled a little, putting his arms down.
"Then it shouldn't take too long for the cupcakes." Steve went over to Mary's pantry, and started pulling out the baking supplies, and he was vaguely aware of Tony starting to clear up counter space.
“Oh no no,” Tony shook his head, pulling his head up a little. “No cheating, mister. You need someone to show you, first-hand experience.” Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “And you can’t ask Mary, because we had a boy, and she never had to do his hair, not really. She used scissors.” Steve made a face, as if he were hissing at the prospect, and Tony rolled his eyes. “And a video can’t show you the little nuances. I bet that if Natasha weren’t still upset with you because of our own personal Hydra agents, she still wouldn’t be able to show you anything about doing baby hair.”
-"truth is." Mary looked back over, hearing Tony's voice, hearing his hesitation. She didn't like where this was going. "I am Iron Man." The press room exploded with shouting and pictures, and Mary just wanted to facepalm. This was going to make it difficult, again, for them to be a family without the press.
“Mr Steve will having a workout afterwards,” Steve told him. “And I should be dragging you down with me,” he poked Tony’s side. Tony nearly jumped and shifted to get away from his finger.
"Well, sounds like someone cares enough about your health to force you to go to bed." Steve put his two plates down, sitting across from Tony at the kitchen bar. "Must be a smart person."
When Tony got to the door, he slid his hand up for the scanner, and the door opened almost immediately. Tony almost lost his footing, but caught himself on a nearby table. He cursed under his breath. How long had the core been like this? His feet slipped, and Tony let himself sink to the ground, putting his back against his desk, closing his eyes and taking deep breaths.
The man on the bench jumped a little when Steve called his name, walking over to him. "Oh, hey," he said, sitting up a little bit straighter, fidgeting, and looking around. Steve walked over, sitting down on the bench on the opposite side. Tony looked like a skittish cat getting ready to run away.
"It is a Judge of sorts,” Thor started to explain. ”One that can come and see the truth from anyone. I do believe that there are a couple that are still here on Midgard."
"Yeah, there's actually a group put together for coming up with a better name," she admitted. "Tony, why are dancing?"
"I like blue," Peter said seriously, but Tony knew that he remembered. "It spinned."
"You touch this cake before it's time for desert, and I'm giving Peter your slice," Rachel told the billionaire as she set it down on the table.
"And?" Tony walked over and helped Bruce take the top off the unopened crate. "Uncle Bruce, I do believe that we have work to do."
"Tony-" Steve started, but Tony cut him off.
"Who's going to watch them during the meeting?" Tony would often tell Peter some of the safer, non-explicit, details about their Avenger call-outs, but it didn't mean he'd ever take him to a meeting. He didn't want to scar the boy.
Steve bit his lip, regretting his last line. He didn’t mean that, but he just couldn’t understand why Tony had Evelyn, and why he didn’t say anything before. He’d have to apologize to Tony, but it was clear that he was going to have to wait now. Steve thought that he should continue with his initial plan for the day, to take Vee to go visit Peggy. It would give him and Tony some time to cool down.
"Yeah, I get it," Steve nodded, watching Peter play with another little boy. He was taller, with sandy blonde hair, and he was pushing Peter on the swings.
"I get it," Tony cut her off, not harshly. He looked at her, always admiring that she could look him straight, not get cowed by his expressions. She once told him that his face was very expressive, it could give him away if one knew what to look for, or if he was unguarded.
' from the boy. Tony smiled at Peter for his manners, knowing that he didn't get them from Tony, and turned back to his Starkpad, contemplating the next few songs to slip into Steve's playlist. This was just some harmless fun, and a painless way to have tease Steve for leaving on a cross-country adventure. Right?
"Good thing he doesn't entirely grasp the concept of being obscenely rich, yet," Tony said with a little, self-deprecating, smirk.
"How can you work with these people? They would drive me nuts." He slouched in the chair. "My life is so messed up."
“Oh, the Turducken,” Steve said gravely with one nod. Bucky looked at Steve like he was barely clinging on to hope. “I’m going to have to agree with them, Buck.”
“Uh, well, there’s no crisis.” Steve slipped on some sweats then went into the bathroom to at least wash his face. He would just take a shower in the morning, usually with Tony. “He came talking to me about the possibility of talking to a Counselor.” Tony perked up a little. “Sounds like Julie is still a little worried about what happened with her Ex.”
Tony felt tense, and he didn't know why. It had only been three months, but what if Peter didn't want to see him? What if he started crying? What if Tony had hurt him by not showing up? Did Peter think that Tony didn't love him anymore? That he had abandoned him? Did-
"Ah yes, well, the cameras don't always get my good side," Tony pasted on his patented charming smile. "I keep telling them to get the left." He stopped when he felt Rhodey touch his back, reminding him that he wasn't dealing with the usual business sharks. These were Peter's grandparents. "This is my best friend, and general guardian for the moment, Lt Col James Rhodes, but I call him Rhodey."
"Daddy!" Peter spotted Tony and grinned, hopping down to the ground and running towards Tony. Tony reached down and grabbed Peter, swinging him around once, then hugging him tightly. "Hi, Daddy," he giggled, hugging him back. "You missed breakfast."
“Are you boys coming to eat?” A voice called out down the hall, and Steve lifted his head. “I know I didn’t slave over a hot stove to be ignored!”
"Keep going!" Tony pushed. He was so close, he could handle a little ice. Jarvis kept the warnings up, but Tony kept the power going to the boots and gauntlets. "Higher!" Maybe he should have paid a little more attention to just how much ice was building up. He thought this briefly when the power shorted out on the HUD, and suddenly power sputtered from the boots, and then the gauntlets. He fluttered in the air, swinging his limbs around before he started to fall.
"Um, I'm not actually sure," Steve said carefully. He had fun, and he hadn't made it to the other side of the country yet, but he forgot how much fun it could be here as well. "Why?"
"Because Miss Meg asked us too."
"But?" Natasha prompted after a couple seconds of silence.
"You're such a sweet talker, Tony," Steve said with a fond roll of his eyes. "A regular bee-charmer."
Tony had to bite back some tears, a tiny, tiny, smile on his lips as he understood what Yinsen was saying. He took a breath and gave a little nod. "Thank you for saving me," he near about whispered, but the Doctor had heard him.
"He's a menace," Bucky grumbled as he and Steve went into the kitchen. Steve nodded with a short hum, "But you live with him?"
"Your place or not, can't let kids get ignored. Specially not so young." Steve hummed almost inaudibly. "Security's doing another sweep, powering off for five."
"Tony?" Meg asked quietly. He looked over and saw her playing with the hem of her shirt. "Does it get easier? Digesting stuff like this?"
Mary looked like she was about to tell Peter not to ask questions like that, and he felt Steve tense a little, knowing that they hadn't wanted to tell Peter yet, but Tony put a stop to all of it. "We're dating, Petey." He felt Steve turn his head to look at him, saw Mary giving Steve a smug smile, and William just flat out smiled.
“Alright, you know what, I have to try and help you,” Tony said, sitting up, and bracing Jamie with his legs. “This is starting to get sad, and I gotta give my boyfriend some love.”
“There’s, there’s sound, I mean, color, both?” Tony’s hand pulled Steve down, chest to chest, and he jerked his hips up into Steve’s hand. “When there’s sound, voices, moans, it’s color right now. Steve, I need you move more, please!” Steve’s chest moved as he chuckled, and Tony moaned, tipping his head back. “I am having a sensory overload, and I’m so damned touch sensitive right now that you’re driving me crazy!”
“Eighty-third floor!” Tony shouted before jumping up and letting the repulsors take him out of the room and towards the nearest exit outside. “Jarvis, talk to me, what’s trying to take down my Tower now?” He flew out of the first balcony door that the AI opened for him then stopped when he saw something round and nearly half the size of him go hurtling towards the windows. He felt the vibration as it shot down the building, affecting even the suit.
"I want her moved her," Tony said automatically. "The Tower, the Manor, I don't care. I want her where I can keep an eye on her. Jarvis will be watching her twenty-four hours, and I'll be getting the best doctors in the world to come."
“One would think.”
Mary reached her arms up, putting her hands on his cheeks. “What we’re going to do is wait for Strange to get his shit together.” This was the SHIELD Agent coming out, Steve could handle this. “We’re going to tell Peter and Jamie that Tony is sick right now and that he needs rest. We’re not going to let them see him, not right now. Jarvis is going to keep an eye on Tony, because we still have to plan Peter’s birthday party. We’re not going to let this stop that.” Steve let out a slow sigh and Mary lifted his head back up. “Don’t you start dropping on me, Captain. You’ve dealt with bigger things than this and come out on the other side.”
"What?!" He splutters. Running a hand through his hair, Steve paces around the room very uneasy, "And you have evidence of this?"
Laughter echoes from the far side of the corridor. Tentatively, Steve looks up, and he knows immediately that he shouldn’t have. There stands Tony, tucked uncomfortably into Hammer’s side, Hammer is happily boasting to his other
Tony took every last drop of Steve. He wiggles his hips and pulled off after Steve leans back. Turning around Tony lay down next to Steve.
“I didn’t come here for her.”
Tony looks beautiful. Other people will want him. Other people will- "Change out of that" he snaps, with more anger than he intended.
"A gift? What could that possibly be? I have what I want right here in my arms" he leans down kissing his neck gently.
All eyes rest on Steve, some scared, some nervous and some downright terrified.
Tony whimpers, this time promiscuous. He slid down to his knees, this time between Steve's legs, "But if I never leave your side, it's their loss"
Tony slips to the floor, kneeling beside him again, "I promise, I really do" he buries his face into Steve's thigh, enjoying Steve's hand in his hair. He's happy and content at this moment and loves Steve a lot.
Steve chuckles softly, "I know baby, I'll keep you warm." Tony giggles happily.
Tony kisses his cheek, "I just missed you." Steve knew it wasn't that. Yes, Tony was disappointed when Steve had to leave, but he was never
Lubing up his cock, Steve sits back comfortably while Tony lifts himself onto his knees, the Captain's large hands gripping onto his hips tightly.
After a couple of minutes of silence, a familiar beat begins to play.
“What’s making my baby sad?”
Falling back against the wall, Steve gasps in a breath. He was so sure, so freaking damn sure, that Tony would have run straight into his arms. Not this. No. Gosh no. Never this.
"Go", it was all he could muster, Tony let the tears fall, his voice delivering on the hurt and anger.
“Yeah, because he’s an idiot,” Steve chuckles.
Tony wasn't bad at math. No. In fact, none of the avengers actually stood a chance against him in a math competition. He was precise, accurate and usually off by a few decimal places, going by his eyesight. Steve admired this about him, so much so he'd regularly give him complicated math problems just so he'd get to see Tony's face, which was quote-unquote adorable when he was working said problems out. He truly was a genius. So it comes as a total surprise to Steve when Tony miscalculates and ends up falling several thousand metres from the air and almost straight to his demise. "Tony!" Steve screams and runs towards the man, ditching the boy he was fighting, in a weak attempt to save him. By the time he reaches him, Tony is sitting up wiping the blood from his face.
It's stunning. "Turn around baby, let me see".
Tony whines in response. "But Sir, it's 11 pm and nobody else is here". Steve doesn't say much except for burying his nose into Tony's dark soft curls. "I'm sorry. I won't next do it next time"
Twirling around, the skirt lifts up gently flashing some deep black panties. "Daddy? Do you like it?" Tony grins at him putting his hands on his hips.
What?
“NO!” Tony shouts, then turns around and heads back towards the door. Steve walks over and tries to calm Tony down.
Tony just catches Steve walking out of the common room, he sighs heavily and makes his way towards Steve, not noticing the team sat on the couch.
Tony limps his way into the elevator, the crutches were not helping his speed. His idea of flying through the tower was completely rejected by Steve.
"Yeah we did, that's what I'm here for, to apologize."
Tony’s sobbing was now a soft hiccuping. “Do you always know everything?”
"You know I have a ballroom?"
“My toys didn’t work daddy.”
baby"
Tony looks down at their feet. He doesn’t speak, bunching up his fists instead.
For Steve Rogers. It shouldn't do all those things. But oh, it does.
, Steve's choice, barely covered his body, silk and teal, showing off his best assets to appease his lover's dark desires. Tony's innocent mind couldn't tell the difference. "I even have something for you" his voice was dropped low, down to a whisper. Given his pink cheeks, Steve knew this would be good.
After Tony settles down he climbs off of Steve, all wet and sticky, and stands in the corner. Steve immediately follows and frowns, “Baby, let’s get clean first.”
The walk into school couldn’t have been more humiliating. As if having his heart broken wasn’t bad enough, Steve had spent all weekend in bed wallowing in his own sadness. Reaching to open the door, he pushes it open, trying not to embarrass himself anymore. If he could just get through the day without seeing Tony or his new rich boyfriend.
"Mr Stark has asked for no distractions Captain."
Tony Stark had never been concerned about his weight, he looks down at his body. Being on bedrest had caused him to gain a few pounds, but it isn't too bad; he looks into the mirror in the hallway, now that he thought about it, he had gained some weight around his face. His hand moves to his waistband, is that why Steve had been dressing him in joggers?
"Steve?" He immediately recognises the voice and sprints around to see Tony, tear-tracked and shaking.
Steve had known there was tension between the team and Tony, not enough to intervene, but he'd just assumed it was because they were protective of Steve. To Tony, it was okay that Steve didn't know; there was no way that he'd know.
Embarrassment seeps back into Steve’s bones, “Not well,” he mumbles.
Tony throws everything off of the coffee table and shouts again, something inaudible. Steve stands in front of him and grabs his wrists; the last thing he needs is for him to get hurt. “Tony, listen to me, please.”
“Well, why are you here then?”
After twenty minutes of sitting around, there’s a quiet whimpering coming from Tony and Steve’s shirt is wet, he can feel a liquid seep into his lap from Tony’s bottom. “Oh sweetie,” he stands to go clean Tony up.
"Well I supposed I could have a look at your programming," He chuckles and leans against the wall, "But seriously J, if you're not going to help, I'll go in myself."
to my Mrs Perfect."
Steve quickly shakes his head, "It'll be okay, he's been cooped up in here and I probably pressed too hard. He'll calm down and I'll speak to him myself."
Tony's hands gently trace Steve's thick cock. "I know you would daddy". Steve's pants get tighter, he feels so hard they might just rip. "Let me help with these, they look tight daddy".
"I love you," Steve says, without registering it.
, collared at the sleeves, covering most of his body, but open from the waist downwards. The material was soft and gentle which for gentle skin like his, it should be. Tony's cheeks are a rosy pink while his hair is fluffy and loud.
After saying his goodbyes to his friends, Tony heads off to the parking lot, knowing Hammer is desperate enough to be there. Seeing the man leaning against his SUV, Tony buries any second thoughts he was
Surprising to no one, Steve wakes up before Tony does. Normally, he'd sneak out of bed to go on his morning run, but today he stays. He looks at Tony, taking in all his beautiful features. Peaceful. He was so peaceful while sleeping. At the start of their relationship, Steve had awoken with a crying Tony, who'd been experiencing a nightmare. The couple had worked through that and helped Tony get the support he needed. Albeit that it was mainly Steve that helped but he was too humble to admit it. Steve didn't want to wake Tony up, he kisses his head softly and mentally plans what to say to the team.
"She's not wrong. Where the hell are you??" Tony asked right away. He wanted to know why the hell he didn't give him a heads up that shit was going down, but now wasn't the time.
"You are a menace, Rogers."
"How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control." Fury was putting his name to use. "You talk about peace, and you kill because it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did."
She just smiled at Tony, then shook her head. "I'm sorry, I don't. We're keeping a close eye on brain wave activities, looking for swelling, but sometimes the body just does what it wants to do. I know that isn't the answer that you were hoping for, but I can be positive that she will wake up." Tony let out a little sigh and nodded. "I can give you good news on Mr Coulson, though." Both Tony and Steve perked a little bit at that. "We're going to bring him back to the waking world tomorrow afternoon if all our tests come back positively."
"So you're going to take her out of here?" Pietro looked him up and down, clearly judging him. "And do what?"
Tony jerked, turning his body in spot, but didn’t see anything, or anyone, around him. A wave of blues and purples rippled on his side and he turned his head to try and follow it. It seemed like more stars seemed to appear, twinkling at him, but it didn’t seem as sinister as he had once felt. He bit back a gasp when he felt a burning in his fingers and palms. The heat tried to race up his arms, but was rerouted just past his wrists. It was like a bug caught under a jar, running about to try and find an exit, causing more pain in his hands.
Mary held out a thumb drive to him without saying a word. He raised an eyebrow and took it, reaching for his tablet from the coffee table. "That might get your boyfriend home sooner." He raised both eyebrows and plugged it into the tablet. It was nearly the end of February now, and Steve and Natasha were still no closer to finding the location of the research lab, or coming back to New York. "It’s got an encryption on it that we can't touch without it frying all the information on it."
Tony wrinkled his nose a little. "Because I thought he was stirring up shit last night, so I went to talk to Thor and make sure." Steve raised an expectant eyebrow at him. "Well, it's hard to get an actual answer out of him, but Loki tried to con me into doing something that might get him a lesser sentence when he has to go back with Thor."
Bruce was indeed in the kitchen, standing by the stove, a tea kettle hissing, but not screaming yet. There was a tea cup sitting there, with a round metal ball attached to a little chain sitting inside the empty cup. Steve cleared his throat a little, trying not to startle the Doctor. Bruce turned around and gave him a little smile. "Captain." Steve nodded his greeting and Bruce really looked at him. "Would you like some tea?"
"Captain," she said and Tony narrowed his eyes. The man looked at Tony then turned, jogging for the SHIELD jet. "Good job, Stark," Natasha said as the bay doors started to close and the jet lifted up again.
This wouldn't be the first time that one of his one-night conquests had made their way to his office; he was Tony Stark, everyone knew who he was by now. No, the surprise had been in the way of the small infant in the car seat that she had brought with her. Before Tony said anything, Pepper had called for a DNA test kit, (and he was glad that those were held on retainer in the building), and now they were waiting. The woman, Mary, hadn't argued about letting the lab downstairs process the DNA, saying they had better equipment than any other hospital or lab. The office was nearly silent, except for the occasional sound from the one month old. It seemed that he had been about to take a nap, and Tony was grateful. He was trying to will away the pounding in his head, and he's pretty sure that if there had been a wailing baby, he might have done something that even he would have regretted.
“Hey, Wade,” Steve said softly, keeping the eye contact. The boy nodded once at him. “Do you think maybe, that it’ll be alright if we sit and talk for a little bit?” Wade didn’t say anything, and he could feel the slightest bit of apprehension coming from Julie. “Your mom was pretty worried, so I think we have to tell her what happened. I know it’s probably hard, but we can just get it over with now, then we’ll leave you two alone-“
"I was actually wondering the same thing about you," Steve said, and Tony noted that he hadn't actually answered Tony's question.
"Tony, you need to get some rest yourself, before we get there," the man interrupted him. Steve figured he must have been talking to Mary's parents. "I can hear it in your voice, son." ('Don't give him sympathy, Bill!" Steve heard in the background.)
"I just had a haircut before Christmas."
"Where are we going?" Steve asked, a tiny frown forming. "Natasha and Clint are still looking for-"
Tony seemed to collapse back onto the bed, shock overpowering his body now. He vaguely heard Bruce excusing himself, and Steve was on the bed next to him, holding his hand in one of his, the other running through Tony's hair.
"Training exercise. Isn't that the usual BS?" He'd heard that a million times.
"I had three glasses of scotch last night," Tony said automatically. "I don't drink when I'm going to see Peter."
But this worked to Tony's advantage when they went to go pick up Peter. That meant that as he sat it he backseat, the press wouldn't see him through the tinted windows, and they weren't followed. He of course had dark sunglasses, and a baseball hat, the most cliche of disguises, but it seemed to work.
"Wouldn't be surprised if she's figured out the jail break routine before Thanksgiving," Tony smirked.
"Ouch," Mary put a hand over her heart, feigning a hurt expression. "My co-parent can't even be bothered to come visit me because we're friends." Tony stuck his tongue out at her. He didn't care if it was childish or not. He was a billionaire, and Iron Man, he could do what he wanted. "And we're supposed to be moving in less than a week."
"Why not?" This question was from Bruce this time.
"Not until I get what I came here for," George pressed.
Steve frowned. "That's not the point."
"I don't think I should have too, unless you're gone for work," she said, splitting her orange in half, and starting to eat one half without pulling the slices. "I know for a fact that I'm not the only one on house arrest now." Tony wrinkled his nose a little. "I also know that you sir, are holding a grudge against my friend."
“Nope, putting a shirt on.” He started to shake his head, but Jamie put a hand on his face, making him stop. She didn’t appreciate that her warm vehicle was moving and disrupting her comfort.
"Agent Parker has been moved to your mansion, Stark," Fury told him. "Your AI is monitoring her now" Tony hid his surprised, wondering why Jarvis hadn't told him. "Coulson had put the order through before you came aboard the Hellicarrier. We've given you this."
Steve and Tony looked at each other, then back to Loki, and the tricky bastard was gone. They both turned on their heels and ran for the garage. Sure enough, Thor was still downstairs with Loki, the latter looking like he hadn't moved since this morning.
"In their rooms, Captain," Jarvis answered immediately. "I have locked the door." Bucky let out a pained grunt as Natasha pressed both Widow Bites to his metal arm, disarming it. As Steve moved over to them, Natasha and Clint were suddenly moving, switching places, and Clint was using his bow to try and bring Bucky down to the ground. Bucky kept moving though, and Steve knew that he could handle himself for the moment.
"What happened?" Tony demanded after finding his voice. What had SHIELD done? How was he supposed to tell Peter about this? What was going to happen?
Tony landed and Steve tilted his head a little before the suit opened from behind and Tony stepped out. Steve smiled and wrapped his arms around him, kissing him. "Don't let go of me, or I'm going back inside of the suit," Tony said as he snuggled into Steve's chest. He had his own wool coat on, but Tony was never a fan of winter. "It's too damned cold here."
"I was fine with you dating, why wouldn't I be fine with you getting married?"
"Wanna move?" Steve asked.
“As far as I know she’s had no contact with any of my family. We have the same Dad, but she was born in America, and he never really wanted anything to do with her,” she shrugged. “I’ll give you her contact information, but, we haven’t really talked since the twins were born.”
"Yes please!" Peter jumped a little, hugging Steve around the neck. Steve smiled, lifting Peter effortless into his arms, tucking him against his side.
"You get first dibs," Tony offered with a hand wave. "I'll go out with you tomorrow to pick up what you need though. We'll take the SUV, less of a hassle then trying to get things delivered right away."
It took nearly three seconds for Steve's brain to catch up to him, and process what he was seeing. Natasha and Bucky, no the Winter Soldier, were fighting. Close quarters, and meaning that no one could use any guns. Thankfully. Clint had folded his bow a little so he could use it as a weapon, and Meg was putting to use her self-defense classes. Steve wondered what kind of classes she had been taking as he watched her defend herself.
Enjoy!
"Of course I have, I even have the unmade bed as proof," Tony responded easily.
"Not from this fight," Tony told him. "This is from the arc reactor." As he said it, Peter put his hand over Tony's chest. "But, that's why Uncle Bruce is here, he's helping Daddy get rid of it, so you don't have to worry about it at all, okay?" Peter nodded. "Alright, let's go see this special room, yeah?" Peter nodded, still holding onto Tony. "I really think you're going to like it."
“Hey there, Gorgeous,” Tony said softly. “You know me?” Steve nodded a little, trying to swallow. “That’s good, real good. You’re safe with me, in our bedroom, at the Tower, in New York, and a thousand feet above sea level. Jarvis has raised the temperature of the room, and there’s a nice warm blanket around you.” One of Tony’s hands was rubbing his scalp, the other was rubbing his chest where Steve had it trapped with his hands. “You’re doing so good, babe, so good. Just focus on me. Are you aware of how soft your hair actually is? Because this is downright unfair. I bet you don’t even use any product.” Tony had started to ramble, but he kept his voice low and gentle, and it was very melodic to Steve’s ears, working to calm him down. “You’ll have to get it trimmed soon, maybe next month. Peter will wanted to get his hair cut before school starts, and he’ll probably talk Wade into doing it as well. If you’re not attached to Jamie’s hair, maybe we can get baby’s first haircut.”
Tony groaned and moved to sit up, his good arm wrapped around Peter. "He jumped out of the window, Jarvis is still down, but I've got Peter." Tony kissed the top of Peter's head, not paying attention as the other three coordinated their approach.
“Don’t tell me you’re encouraging this??” Mary questioned, adding to the pancake pile that Meg was in charge of.
“Shit,” Steve breathed out and slammed the shield into the ice and tried to leverage himself up. The shield started to ice over as he put his hands on it and he was slipping back down. Instead of his feet meeting solid ground in the water he was falling back, and down, into more water. Steve took a quickly breath before he was sinking down, hand reaching for the shield.
It connected, but the man barely budged. He turned around, looked right at Tony, and Tony was already moving backwards. The man brought his arm up, and Tony dodged. He brought his other arm up and Tony moved to the other side, losing his footing. An electrified whip came down on the ground and Tony spread his legs, feeling heat uncomfortably close to body parts he really rather liked.
"Sure, I guess." Steve hadn't even finished the words and Tony was heading back into the bedroom. He swallowed a little and answered the phone, putting the phone to his ear. "Hel-"
"Hey, hey!" Tony stopped and turned to see Obie. "Hey, Tony, listen." Obie stepped up to him. "I'm trying to turn this think around, but you gotta give me something. Something to pitch to them." He saw Obie's eyes slide down the arc reactor, and he felt something shiver down his spine. "Let me have the engineers analyze that. You know, draw up some specs-"
Steve reached over to gently grasp Tony’s chin with his thumb and forefinger, stopping his rambling. “We still have almost two weeks before your birthday. And I think that taking
“Probably about five minutes after you went in the room.” Steve closed his book, then started to rub Jamie’s back, hoping for a gentle wakeup. “She probably won’t be exactly happy to wake up.”
Bruce nodded. "His lung capacity is already diminished thanks to the arc reactor, and most near-drowning victims have a very high risk of getting sick. Pneumonia, Acute Respiratory Distress, sometimes even brain damage. I won't know until he's in his bed and Jarvis can collect scans for me."
“I picked out a set that Mr Steve and I can work on together,” Peter told him. “Now I need a set that you and I can work on together.”
“Shield had been infiltrated by Hydra,” Steve told them, giving a very small summary of what had actually happened. Dr Strange actually looked to have sputtered at the implication. “We’re close to finding it though. We have lists of their bases, and we are going through them systematically.”
Mary nodded solemnly, patting Steve’s shoulder. “You’re a good man to take this on, Steve. I don’t think anyone else would be brace enough.”
There was barely any information on a Sarah Mueller. Actually, there was too much information, because there were thousands of Sarah Mueller’s in the Northwest of the US alone. But, with a little digging, a search for a Hilda Mueller born in Germany with one sister by the name of Etta, that narrowed down the search results significantly.
Tony looked between Mary, then Coulson, then Steve, then back to Coulson, and back to Mary. "Phil proposed last night," Mary eventually told him.
Steve saw Tony hurry towards the front door, Peter quickly following behind him, an excited look on his face, and Steve knew that he had to follow as well. Tony kept looking back over his shoulder, smiling at Peter, walking just a touch faster before Peter could catch up to him, and Peter giggled a little. Tony reached the front door, opened it just enough to push his head out the door, blocking the rest of it as Peter tried to peek past him. Steve tilted his head, moving to try and look over Tony's head, but not getting too close.
"Well, that was new," Mary murmured, and Steve was glad that it wasn't just him. They looked at each other for a moment. "I'm sorry that-"
“Well, I know that you’ll all have fun. And Steve deserves a vacation, too.” She got up again, setting the suitcase on the ground. “This will really be the first time that he’ll be able to relax, without having to think about SHIELD, Hydra, or anything else Avengers related.”
“If you hadn’t of turned that last one into something about yourself, I would have been worried,” Mary said. “Would have thought that you hit your head or something in Disneyland.”
“She’s not even a year old, I don’t think she knows the different, yet.” Bucky turned his head and saw Steve in the doorway, smiling at them. Jamie turned her head and let out a squeal, throwing her arms up in the air for him. “Hey there, sugar! Why are you awake?” He walked in, picking her up. Bucky sat up and watched them. “Were you good for Uncle Bucky?”
“He’s not going to hurt us again,” Wade mumbled out. Julie frowned a little, looking down at her son, running her hand through his hair.
"But, it's not my birthday," Tony told him, turning into his chair a little to face the little boy. "Those are your cakes, buddy."
"The only thing you really fight for is yourself," Steve growled. "You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on the wire and let the other guy crawl over you. Let someone else handle the dirty work, let someone else take care of your child."
Steve shift Jamie a bit to free up one hand and took the picture. He looked at Tony then back to the paper. "He was Private in the Army, dishonorable discharge, and served under a Colonel Wilson." Bucky was stepping over to them now, taking the picture from Steve's hand. "One ex-husband of Julie Wilson." They looked back at the picture of Julie holding onto a younger Wade.
"Tony." Steve reached out for him. Tony took a step away.
"Yeah, that."
The suit assembled, hugging his body like a glove, not too tight, not too uncomfortable, as much as wearing a suit of metal armor could be. He reached over, grabbing the faceplate for the helmet, getting used to how the gauntlet grabbed stuff, and locked it into place.
“I was promised lunch and cake," Rhodey said, smiling at the promise of food. "Plus, I get to see the squirt again." Peter giggled softly when he knew that Rhodey was talking about him. Tony smiled. He would be happy if he only just got to spend a few hours with Peter, it would make his birthday worth it.
Surprise extra chapter! If you did not read the cliffhanger from Chapter 9, go back.
"I was out of town for a couple of months before, in case you didn't hear." Tony was getting annoyed now.
"Do you have insurance on this building?"
Tony let go of Steve, turning on Loki, brought his hand back and launched a well place punch to Loki's jaw, sliding his arm in right past Thor. Loki let out a huff, stopping giggling, and just smirked a bit. "I believe that answers your questions, does it not?" Tony wound back, and punched Loki one more time.
"I'm volatile, self-obsessed and work-obsessed, don't play well with others, text book narcissistic, alcoholic," Tony listed off almost immediately, and Steve started to shake his head.
Obidiah walked around the couch, grabbed Tony's jaw and moved his head to look up at him. When he let go, Tony's head drooped a little to the side and Tony thought that his body was going to seize up again. He saw Peter's hair on the couch next to him.
Sam Wilson. Steve knew he could depend on him, owed him after all this, too, after dragging him into this mess. Counted him as a friend. But he was going to get a swift fist to the face if he didn't let go of Steve's arm. "Think it out, Cap, you can't go." Steve growled, turning the full force of his glare on the man next to him. There might have been an actual flinch, but Sam still wasn't letting go. "We have to get Pierce, and stop those 'Carriers, and you know it. If we don't, then there won't be anyone for you to worry about getting too."
Tony raised an eyebrow, but nodded. “Yeah, we’re in a relationship, pretty serious.”
“Ah, of course,” she nodded and put them down on the arm of the chair, along with a pen, and went to her notepad, unfazed. “You can call me Danielle if you’d like. What would you like me to call you?”
Steve turned on his heel, eyes scanning the battlefield quickly. He needed to find Tony, heeded to have eyes on the older man. He had heard the screeching of metal against concrete, and knew it was the sound of the Iron Man suit. “Hawkeye! I need eyes on Iron Man! Widow, status on the threat!” He jogged down the empty street, but there was no reply on the comms. “Hawkeye! Black Widow! Report!” Silence.
"Steve, I didn't tell you I was wearing a lavender." Mary's eyes widened a little when a song started to play. "Suddenly a familiar song." That asshole had this planned out. It was even the cast version of
“What were you humming?” Steve asked after a few minutes. “I liked it. It sounded familiar.” Tony wiggled his nose a little, and bit his bottom lip.
“Listen, the Mother of Dragons is amazing, and if no one is using the nickname Dany when they have the chance, they’re nuts.” Tony nodded, his fingers tapping on the arm of the couch. “She’s going to go nuts, I’m calling it, but she’s still pretty amazing.”
"Well, I've still got a couple weeks to think about it." Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair again. "You need a haircut kiddo."
"Tony," she frowned a little, as her own brain started to catch up with her. "Why do you want to know?"
Tony took a breath and sat up a little straighter. "If you ever internet search me, I'm gonna prepare you for what you're going to find. I'm sure there are going to be a lot of people who will try to tell you all about me as well, you know, when the press finds out about you. I did not make a lot of friends in my time. And the whole press thing? Your Mama and I thought it would be best if no one outside of our friends and family knew about you, because you're too young to get pestered by nosey assholes. Sorry if it made things worse when the eventual reveal happens. I've got Pepper updating my will to put you and your Mama in it, so, it's eventually going to happen."
"So, where'd you go this morning?" Steve asked a bit quieter than usual, munching on some fries.
"I'll respect the restraining order, and keep the pictures private," the man said. "For a nice seven figure sum."
“Stop!” Steve tried to command, hand cover up to Jamie’s head, turning her head slightly so she was looking away from tony, one ear pressed against his chest, and his hand covering the other ear. He needed to keep an eye on them, to keep an eye on Tony, but he couldn’t keep Jamie in the room while this was happening. Jamie started to cry when Tony let out another scream. “You’re hurting him!’
"In October," Tony answered. "Right before Peter's birthday. We told Peter about it officially on Christmas Eve."
"You seem pretty smart to me," Steve told him with a smile. "And I just met you today."
"She's awake, and making jokes," Peter said happily. Steve put him back on his feet as he stirred the pasta in the pot on the stove, but kept his eyes on the boy. "Granpa and Phil say that that's really good, and that she should be coming home real soon."
Tony went to all four corners, checking that the transmitters were working and hooked up to the system. There was the chip sitting in the leather cuff on the cot, and Tony thought that he would be able to slip it underneath the shackles on Loki's wrist, where the man wouldn't be able to get to it if Thor tightened them enough.
"I'm here," Tony said breathlessly.
There was a little chuckle over the phone, but it sounded a little forced and Tony frowned a little. "Hi Mr Stark," Mrs Wilson said, and she sounded tired, or something. "Sounds like the boys must be having a lot of fun."
"They're good, thanks for asking Mr Stark." He always called Tony that when he was working. "Spending the night with their grandparents, tonight."
"Yeah, you was always too small," Bucky said, looking down at the floor. Steve's ear perked at the Brooklyn accent though. "Always said you needed ta find a girl who'd take care of your punk ass." Steve turned to look at him. "I said you'd need a girl to take care of you when you never stopped gettin' in fights."
"Yeah!" Peter breathed out, studying more details. "I can see the design on my shirt. I like that shirt!" Peter smiled, suddenly acting shy and putting his face in Tony's neck, loudly whispering like kids do. "You put it on your wall."
"Captain Rogers," Jarvis spoke through the ceiling, catching Steve a little by surprise. "If Young Master can make his way to the private elevator, Sir has a secure safe room that I can take him too, if that is agreeable with you."
"Could be fifty years, the time doesn't really make a difference," Tony told him. "I mean, sure, it's harder in that first year, really saying no to a drink, but after that you hit a plateau. Well, for me I did, I'm sure it's not the same for everyone, not everyone else is a functional alcoholic like me. That's why it was so easy to keep getting drunk, to get away with it. Functional. Hyper functional even."
"Of the mythical creature variety? Yes, I've heard," Tony said, swerving in the air to avoid going over a small airport.
"Alright, well I can get them as close as possible, then get a driver for them." Tony was looking back at his phone, fingers flying over the surface.
“Never said that I disagreed with any of this, or found fault with it.” Steve placed a soft kiss on the bridge of Tony’s nose. “Just listening off the things I know about you, and reason why I do love you.” Tony wiggled his nose a little, and lay his head back down, against Steve’s shoulder this time.
Tony froze. Peter was having an allergic reaction, it was looking to be a bad one with the swelling happening. It had happened so quickly. Mary hadn't said he was allergic, but neither had Jarvis. They must not have known. Panic raced through Tony's brain, watching his son have trouble breathing, in his arms. He couldn't take care of a child, he wasn't meant to be a father, he couldn't take care of his own son-
"Really Tony?" the blonde asked as he walked forward to hug his old friend. Bucky pulled back and clapped him on the shoulder twice, just as happy to see him. Steve then turned to his husband with outstretched hands, knowing his son liked to be taller and therefore preferred Steve's hip. Tony only smiled fondly at the exchange, turning to find where there daughter had been hiding.
“Why?”
“I’m not interested in men, Sam,” Steve said coolly as he got out of the ambulance.
"How'd you sleep?" he asked after leaning over to kiss the top of her head.
“Yup,” she replied with a smile, handing Simba back to the boy.
Tony grabbed his collar and pulled him down for a kiss, settling for making it a long one instead of going with plan A.
Bucky signed at him, enjoying the purely offended look Clint gave him before the blonde quickly opened the containers and dug in. Bucky chuckled as he watched him, placing a gentle hand on his boyfriend's leg (and far away from his sharp teeth - learned that the hard way) and smiling at the scene before him.
“Or, something’s actually wrong and you’re too dumb to get it checked out,” Rhodey said, crossing his arms over his chest for good measure.
Even the baby went willingly without question, apparently forgetting about the promise of cake.
"Okay, let me get everything out before you say anything, deal?" she said seriously to him. He rolled his eyes at that.
“Look what you did!” the brunette cried with a pout, wiping the sheet of paper frantically.
…Susan, on the other hand.
“Right?” she asked.
“Which father told you I wanted more estrogen in my life?” she asked with a mock glare, going so far as to cross her arms over her chest. The blonde bit her lip before quickly relenting.
She immediately took that as regretful confirmation, cries increasing as she further curled around her pillow in anguish.
At that Emerson’s head shot up and she looked incredulously at the blonde. He can’t be serious, he didn’t even know her! But something in her gut said she could trust him. You can’t trust any man! The voice replied, look what that’s got you. But he’s different!
“Oh, this is Amanda, I’m her nanny,” she explained.
“Mr. Stark –”
The Alpha squeezed back, glancing lovingly at his Omega who pushed love back through the bond.
“Giraffes?” she pronounced the word carefully, legs moving on their own as she approached the funny looking animal.
his father?” Helen asked in a dangerously quiet tone.
“If that’s what’s happening. Can we do something about it?”
and…” Before the crying could really start, she buried her face in her arms that she rested on top of her knees.
“Hey!” Tony said in shock, before turning back to the teen. “Looking past all of his faults,” Tony shot back. “Just…I mean…can you blame me?” he said gesturing to Steve’s body.
They had at least half an hour before the gods arrived, taking full advantage of those thirty minutes.
Her name was Carolyn Foster and she owned a bakery in Portland, Oregon. Her grandmother literally bakes cookies. And she had just been wondering what it would be like to have a female to talk to…wondering why Steve had never mentioned her.
The AI started the film as Emerson thought she might actually love her birthday.
“Alright! Enough pillow throwing you two. And Clint dear, you’re a tad biased,” their Ma said with a smile, reaching for a cookie and giving half of it to a giggling Harley. “So Tony, would you like to see baby pictures of Stevie?” The Alpha had taken a drink of lemonade and choked on it from the question.
"I mean...it's probably nothing, but it doesn't seem like we can age and I already don't like the idea of outliving people..." he trailed off sadly as the realization sunk in for the blonde.
They hadn't.
He noticed Clint flinch out of the corner of his eye while Sam shifted, ready to get in between the two if necessary. But it wasn’t necessary.
“Com’ere,” he said with a smile and a nod.
“My Papa called me that when I was little. She was my Papa Bear and I was her Baby Bear. It just...kind of slipped out.” Steve hesitated a moment, wondering if it would only make things worse with the boy.
Peter sighed heavily in his arms.
“You’re welcome to join us,” Cara suggested with a smile.
Even Tony wasn't complaining, the man having been known to whine on family hikes and protest against most physical activities. Instead he was running along with Miles as the two raced to the fence they suddenly saw around some tall bushes. An enormous herd of sheep made their way to greet them at the opening to the fence, Steve laughing at how excited the rest of his family suddenly got at seeing animals they could pet. His other two children quickly joined their father and little brother, who had slipped inside the gate to touch the animals. Miles was adorably outnumbered as Tony quickly pulled him up onto his hip, laughing along with the boy as the sheep focused their attention on his shiny shoes.
When he came out, he smiled again at seeing Tony sitting up in bed, adorably rubbing his palms against his eyes to get rid of the sleepiness.
“Uncle Bucky, it’s not her fault! I was just telling Papa that the man was trying to take me away! He said he was a friend of Daddy’s and he was going to take me to him. He grabbed my arm, and when he did, Daci stomped her foot and sent him flying! She saved me.”
Steve watched Tony reach into his back pocket to pull his phone out, mumbling something like, "
“Daci? You alright?” Steve asked her, pushing the stroller to stand next to her. She was staring at the big animals to their right, behind a glass cage and using their long necks to eat from the tree tops.
“I…” Tony said in shock, words caught in his throat. He closed his eyes and hung his head, tears spilling down his cheeks when gentle hands brought his face back up.
[..not since I just told her why. She said to call her if necessary ;) see you in 15]
And then Steve entered, eyes furrowed at the sight before him. He was in his uniform, one hand on the handle as he slowly shut the door behind him.
“Did you die?” Peter interrupted him. “Like actually die and come back or fake your own death?”
And as Strucker began reciting the words in Romanian that morphed her back into a soldier, her last thoughts were of her family. And the sudden hope that they weren’t coming after her.
“Tony wait,” he said, taking a moment to hold him at shoulder’s length; and couldn’t help smiling when the brunette immediately pouted.
“Yeah?”
“Well, aren’t you going to invite us in?” Obadiah asked, all teeth in his vicious smile.
Or how angry Steve currently was at her.
“I can keep holding this one for a few more minutes. Why don’t you go get something to eat before your Mom gets home?” Tony took a moment to look at the two a moment longer, his Dad who was rarely affectionate smiling and holding his sleeping son. Now aware he was partially being selfish, in that the grandfather loved holding his grandson.
“Sa-weet! Thanks brah! I’ll meet you guys outside,” she said before leaving the two. Peter watched her leave before swatting his hands behind him again. “WADE,” he reprimanded at his smiling boyfriend, who shrugged his shoulders playing innocent. They heard some kind of commotion outside, followed by a car door slamming and tires screeching away. He dropped the book before running outside, ignoring his boyfriend calling him.
She crossed her arms in betrayal, which only made the blonde laugh harder.
Six months later...
“Why the fuck would you ever,
“Hey, there she is!” Steve said, pointedly ignoring his husband and bringing the plates to the dinner table.
Tony wasn't lying, he had spotted the hair several months ago. It was actually the second grey hair he had found on his love, but he never suspected Steve had worried about something like that so he'd never brought it up.
“Papa no!” Pietro squealed in laughter. Wanda toddled over to Joe, watching the man play with Wade in his lap.
Making Buck so incredibly happy he pushed the teen back to straddle him, deepening the kiss almost in challenge. He was getting between Clint and his food, which was always a dangerous venture. But before Clint could retaliate, Lucky had woken up and decided to join the game. When his tiny tongue slipped into their kiss, the brunette jerked back with a laugh, wiping his face as he watched Lucky continue his assault on the blonde.
“What’s this about fish?” a voice asked that approached the two, the blondes turning with smiles to see Tony standing behind them.
Steve honestly didn’t have a response for that, always using excuses to not put himself out there. Except now he really didn’t have one…and was currently sitting across from an incredibly attractive man who looked like he could see past Steve’s blue eyes and into his soul.
“No, part of my negotiation with Fury was to pick my battles, and mostly be a backup. You will always come first, ficca.” {
“Fine,” Bucky grumbled, leaving before he could say something he’d regret.
“I’ll come back for Pete if you wanna go put Morgan down,” Steve said quietly to Tony.
But the blonde that answered the door wasn’t the one Tony was dying to see.
Maybe have a word about possible red flags with his husband.
“Yeah, but I’m your ball of cheese, pookie-bear.”
“Hey, I think you owe
The last time it happened he had murdered everyone around him.
He looked over at his husband, who shared a look of empathy with the man.
When he landed and exited into his home, he only stumbled once. Okay thrice. One drink wouldn’t do this though… his anxiety was kicking into over drive. Nope. Nope, not the time for a panic attack, the genius thought to himself. He stopped when he got to the kitchen, glad the kids weren’t anywhere in sight. He regulated his breathing, going over his normal grounding techniques while taking exaggerated breaths.
‘Thank you! I painted at school today and I think you’ll be really proud of it Uncle Steve. I worked on contrasting colors like we talked about!”
“JARVIS literally told me about it when I stepped away to call Strange, so I asked him to compile the videos. Bucky if we had known we would’ve stepped in, we all love that kid,” Stark said gently, which threw him off more than his lover’s betrayal. Well not more, but still.
“Let’s get this over with,” Steve said regretfully as he started to walk to her bed.
“Hey,” James growled, “what have I told you about insulting my boyfriend?” Clint rolled his eyes as he felt the brunette’s hands reached down to pinch the blonde’s ass, making the shorter teen yelp in laughter. “I believe it had something to do with kicking an ass?” James asked rhetorically, as he kept tickling Clint who started to shriek from laughter. “Except this ass I could never kick, it’s too perfect. Might spank it though...or bite it...wait...Clint?”
“-Tony, something is bothering you. Just tell me so we can move on and enjoy our weekend together.” And because he was a coward, Tony ate another piece of chocolate and finished the rest of his coffee before he turned to face the man who deserves an explanation.
He chose the former.
For the second time this week, she was stuck being lectured to by her most recent social worker. This old geezer obviously didn’t give two shits about her, obviously annoyed to even have her in his office to read the complaints he had been getting about her. She already knew he was planning on sending her somewhere new. “New school, new foster family.” Since the last family didn’t work out, thanks to her – he reminded her, she would transfer to a “promising family” in New York. Start at a new high school half-way through her sophomore year.
EMERSON
He took a break from studying to provide applause for the toddler’s performance, encouraging him to take a bow in hopes that there wouldn’t be an encore.
“You are spoiled in one thing, though. If I’m being honest,” she said a little more seriously while the three guys looked confused at her. “You’re spoiled in hugs!” she said with a laugh before hugging him tightly and swinging them around. The boy giggled in response before Steve eventually asked them not to get too dizzy spinning.
“Look, I’m sorry, I’m in no way trying to pressure you. For all I know you’re just an incredibly handsome straight man who was too polite to turn me down. Or, I did read the situation right, but you’re right and life’s too ‘complicated’ for you right now. Either way, I came here to apologize and now realize I’m not doing a great job of it…”
Bucky were in the car during the crash…” she heard Tony say.
“Does this have anything to do with one of Tony’s gross exes?” she asked carefully. Now it was Steve’s turn to look confused, unsure how she found out about that situation. But then again, kids found things out easily from social media…
,” Steve said with a fond sigh.
The next video made him freeze with fury, as it had just occurred the other night. And showed Vivienne spraying something on him before leaving his bed - without him waking up - to tell a crying Daci at his bedroom door that she was too old to sleep in ‘their’ bed and there wasn’t any room.
Steve then kissed yet another ‘lab incident’ scar on the back on his neck, smiling when his husband hummed happily.
’ he had gotten for his love.
He had suggested it to Steve, who immediately agreed – and didn’t know that was a thing you could do for kids of famous parents. But here she was looking at him like he’d just announced she was in his will.
“Nothing. Vi is perfect.”
“Has the word ‘blessed’ changed since the ‘20s?” his Pop asked the three teenagers, who laughed along with him, earning a squint from his husband.
“Just start with your hand,” his voice interrupted her thoughts. She returned the smile he was giving her and took a deep breath before plunging her hand next to her father’s. Oh wow...the water did feel good. Excitement quickly began to replace her fear feeling safe here in the Tower, with her father, about to take a colorful, bubble filled bath. “How about you undress while I find the rubber duckies Tony told me about?”
“Fuck yes it does! See you tomorrow Baby Mama,” he smiled as she scoffed, never a fan of that name.
Steve hummed in agreement, tightening his arms around his love at the thought.
Steve noticed, prompting the question “not hungry?”
Tony tried to blink away the tears, smiling at his beautiful husband. “Of course, Steve,” interrupted from saying anything else when the super soldier crashed their lips together. They both laughed some more, kissed some more, exchanged several more declarations of love as Steve put the band on Tony’s ring finger next to his wedding ring.
“Romanoff, stay out of this,” Steve said without any real anger. “I’ll talk to her Sam, where is she?” he asked the man. Sam looked confused back at Steve.
“Yes, it’s chaperoned, held at the school and Xavier is going with me.”
“JARVIS is Papa home? I want to tell him I finally beat Daci.”
belong to
That they'd start together as newlyweds.
“I don’t…” he lamely said, unable to think of a comeback.
Look, he loved his niece, he really did. But she threw their entire world into a chaotic tail spin - with no sign of a light at the end of this shit-producing tunnel. There was barely enough room in their shitty apartment for the three of them, let alone a baby and all the extra stuff that comes with it.
"Publicity stunt?" her Pop asked in clarification. Her little brother nodded before continuing between crying puffs of breath.
“What?” he asked with a chuckle, handing her a washcloth to clean herself while he started putting conditioner in her hair. “Why do you ask that?”
“Tell him we’ll meet him on the first floor. Alright cub, you need to get dressed for being in public. And shoes are included in that.” Daci couldn’t help but frown, her father well aware how much she hated shoes. And since she had spent most of the last few months in the tower, she rarely wore them.
“He’s a pretty good Papa, huh?” Tony asked.
He sent Steve a text on their way home, sitting in the back with Jo – who was listening to music on her headphones – while Happy drove them.
“Huh?” he said in surprise as the other adults shared a matching look.
“Dunno, he asked if I could handle the rest then left.”
“You remember how he looked at his phone?” Tony repeated the words audibly, notice Steve slowly turn to fully face the man in realization. “And left without even a jab?”
The two kids turned to each other - broad smiles on their faces at the implication. That would only mean one thing - pizza for dinner!
The woman turned to sit cross legged next to her on the couch, impressing the teen by chugging the rest of her drink before continuing.
,” the boy spat out. It was true, but that didn’t make it hurt Peter any less.
Except, he wasn’t strong enough to move anything. Nothing even budge. Panic really started to set in and even spiral when he realized he was actually trapped.
“Unless you wanna tell me what happened, my priority is getting your meds back.” She stared at him a moment later before hanging her head in response.
“Sorry,” James apologized, also throwing Clint off guard. “Like I said, monsters.”
“Becca, this is Tony and Harley. Tony, this is my little sister, Becca. And you know those two bums sitting on the couch,” Steve said with a smile as they all walked into the living room, nodding to Bucky and Clint who pouted back at him.
“So...what about becoming my husband?” James asked, reaching into his jacket pocket as Clint stood there in shock.
Never one to be silent, Tony whispered, “told you she’s a Stark,” causing the three to laugh, still holding on to each other.
“She said…she said he was nothing but a white-trash carnie. And that he’d be disgusted I replaced him with…faggots. So yeah, I punched her fucking lights out,” she finished defensively, arms still tucked around herself.
“We’d like to officially adopt you, Emerson.” Steve said with such heart and finality Tony thought he felt himself falling in love with him all over again. She looked back and forth at the two, eyes wide. Tony’s heart melted as her smile grew on her face.
"Sir, it appears Miles has had a nightmare and is requesting your presence."
“Is she…was she buried? Is there a place I can…” her voice cracking.
“I’ve known Ty my whole life,” Tony began as Steve sat forward to pay attention. “Our parents were friends. When I came out to my parents as bisexual, they were appalled…until I told them who I was dating. Ty was my first boyfriend and…” he looked away again, tears in his eyes when he eventually looked back at Steve.
And insisted on bringing her stuffed lion with them.
Because you know
“You’re really wise for your age, you know that?” he said before kissing her hair.
"Come on, handsome," his love said as he pinched the shorter man's ass as he passed him, pausing at the open door for Tony to follow him. The brunette grabbed his husband's hand to hold as they ran into T'Challa and Shuri in the hallway.
EMERSON
Was there even a point to living anymore?
Also taking Sam's suggestion, he called ahead of time for a guy named Pat and was pleased to hear they would make sure the family would have their privacy. The man sounded nice over the phone and was happy to suggest his niece for Emerson's look - all of which Steve knew she wanted shorter. And maybe with some color.
PETER
“–you let me worry about Rumlow, okay? Steve…I think it’s great you found someone. And for the record, you’re not alone in…
“No, this faggot needs to learn his lesson!” As Clint was rolling his eyes, he missed his boyfriend moving around the table to tower over the drunk jerk.
The bed jostled by the force of Tony shoving his way back in a panic, eyes wide and leaking tears as he exclaimed “God…no! Jesus fucking Christ Emerson I would never!” He stumbled a little at the last two words as she once again, gently took his arms in her hands.
"It was school," Steve replied with a shrug, still smiling even when Joey started to stir awake. "Hey sleeping beauty," he whispered to the baby who blinked awake and smiled at her uncle.
requires some assistance,” the boy said in a scary good impersonation of her father. Miles and her Pop froze in shock before bursting into laughter; while her Dad had the biggest grin on his face.
“Did we break a mirror or something? What’s with all this shitty luck lately?” Tony mumbled as he reached back to grab Steve’s arms to wrap around himself. The blonde couldn’t help but chuckle behind him, since he had been wondering the same thing.
“I shouldn’t have said that,” he groaned out, “she didn’t need to know that – no matter how horrid that woman is…”
“You see why it took me so long to show you?”
"No you're right Miles," Emerson said with her hand on Peter's shoulder, "you're more of a
As years passed, the young father and son eventually moved out on their own. Harley grew and Tony focused on helping his father build his weapons empire. Tony was pretty damn good as the head of the R&D department too, but knew deep down he could never officially take over his father’s company. No Omega could legally own a fortune five-hundred company. If he got married, he could help run it alongside his Alpha, but that was a big IF.
"Your fathers are in the living room waiting for you, as is your sister," the AI responds with slight fondness in his voice. Peter rolls his eyes at that, knowing his sister had a six sense when it came to Peter getting in trouble and made sure she was present.
, you can’t be bothered to be there for anyone but yourself. Don’t bother calling me back...or trying to see Harley again.”
It wasn’t until after they had dinner when JARVIS alerted them of the Avengers’ return.
"Oh yeah, he does that," Miles confessed innocently as the adults once again laughed at his words.
Steve sat up a little at that, pointing at his husband. “Hey, we agreed. Not on any furniture the kids sit on, right?”
“But…” the pup said with tears in his eyes before looking down at the ground. “But I’m mean to you.”
. I want you to think long and hard about how lucky you are to have her,” Tony paused as he pulled in to park in front of his apartment.
"You're cute when you pout. And when you're being dumb, like right now. Because you want to show a movie about a baby deer losing his mom to a child who just recently lost his mom..." Peter felt his mouth open and close in response, feigning silence instead of further putting his foot in his mouth.
Okay yes he did technically invent
“Ah, so you and Xavier are still fighting?” he asked as wheeled his chair around to sit closer to her, making her laugh as he propped his feet back up on his desk.
“My hero,” Clint said with an eye roll, trying to wiggle himself free until the weight was suddenly lifted off of him. James rolled off of him and threw the toy for Lucky to chase. His expression was sad, which had Clint sitting up in concern.
“I’m the champion, Steve!” Harley called back, getting a snort of laughter after his grandfather, who clapped the pup on the back.
“Why don’t you take a nap?” he suggested, knowing she had already started to nod off. “I’ll come get you for dinner, and then we can do your homework instead of watching TV tonight.”
“Coming!” Kristen said, the most confident of the three, as she went back inside to answer the door and talk to Bucky.
“Neither is allowing this man to continue teaching,” he said seriously as he barged his way into the classroom. “Mr. Jefferson, may I have a word?” he asked the startled man sitting as his desk.
“Mr. Rogers, pleasure to see you again.”
“First of all – my name is Emerson you
“Mean by what?” she asked sincerely, totally doped out. Tony laughed a little at that.
“Hey, I got something for you,” the brunette said as he used one hand to reach behind the couch on the back table.
STEVE
“Third of all, you’re going to tell me what that shit of an English teacher said to you. That’s right, Steve told me.” She sat there dumbfounded, going over his three points and glaring at him for the last one –
He brought his arm back to wrap around her and held the paper up so they both could see.
"-oh no, please don't call me that, that is...very strange. Shuri is just fine."
.” It was not intimidating coming from such a short thing whose balls hadn’t dropped yet, so naturally the two teens laughed loudly in response. The two teachers had reached them and began shooing the boys away from the pair.
"Those men that Deadpool killed? They were doing the same thing. They were taking little girls and boys, ripping them away from their families and selling them to other bad men. So yes, killing is wrong, but he did it to save hundreds of little boys and girls. I wish Deadpool was around when I was little so someone could've saved me," she finished with a whisper, a single tear falling down her cheek at her confession.
And he wasn’t even sure yet, he thought as he got in his car and drove to a far away convenience store.
"Captain Rogers has arrived and is currently on the elevator riding up," the AI informed the group as her and her brothers immediately got up and raced each other to the door. She smiled at the familiar ding, joining her brothers in shouting their greetings to the unsuspecting super soldier. He laughed in surprise as they also tackled the man in a hug as his giant arms were able to wrap around all three of them.
“I love you too, Tony. So much,” his Alpha purred, kissing his hand before standing up to kiss the Omega on his lips. “Go to sleep, Omega. I’m going to go check on Peter and we’ll all be back home in a few days, okay?”
"Oh you are so lucky you're my kid," he growled while staring at the ceiling.
“I missed you too Daddy!” the boy chuckled out, squeezing his tiny arms around Tony’s neck as he smushed him into his embrace. He kissed his boy loudly on the cheek, giggling along with him as May grabbed his bags and moved behind them to set them in the living room. Tony followed her, still hugging Peter to his chest.
“It wasn’t a cheap shot, Clint,” Joey piped in, winking at Nat who did the same in the rear view mirror.
“Tony! We were just talking about you! What are you doing here, man?” she slurred a little at him. Steve coughed loudly to make his presence known, frowning as Joey whipped to the other side to look at him.
She stepped out of the elevator and walked into the three guys sitting casually in the living room. Peter’s hair was wet and he was in pajamas, sitting in between Tony and Steve laughing together and covered in blankets. They stopped talking as she stopped in the entranceway, unsure what to do.
And kicking his tiny legs like he was running from something...or possibly after something. It got the two teens chuckling fondly and sitting up fully. He watched as Clint reached over and grabbed the basket of food, bringing it in front of them before leaning into Bucky's side.
fucking do that again,” he said quietly, sounding genuinely shaken up, as his lips resting on the top of her head.
“Mr. Rogers,” Howard said, posturing and extending a hand to Steve as well.
“I…I don’t smoke,” she countered.
FLASHBACK
“Clint will be okay, Daci. And like your Tati said, you can’t feel bad about something you had no control over,” Bruce added, giving Bucky a long look after that had him averting his gaze. But his words apparently worked on his daughter, who still seemed sad but more at peace as she snuggled more into his arms.
“Kid?”
“No…” the brunette whined.
“You both stood up for what was right, and from what I can tell from their
“Oh calm down dear, it’s perfectly innocent.”
She looked up at her Pop, who looked like he was considering her words. He looked back at her with a small smirk before responding.
,” his son said, suddenly visible in the group. Steve’s eyes rolled, Sam hated that name when Peter and Emerson used it sarcastically (cue beard jokes, needing a white tap hat, the patriotism…)
Marcus approached him out of nowhere and informed the two fathers that not only was Joey arrested for drinking at a school function, but several pictures of her doing it were already on the internet.
When the bastard ruined it.
Bucky squinted at the shorter man, eyes focused on the other mass murderer as the billionaire's attention turned to his husband.
She woke up groggy early one morning, feeling some kind of pain coming from her left hand. She slowly brought it up to her face to inspect it, immediately panicking when she saw blood trickling down on her. She sat up, reaching her other hand for her glasses as she tried to register what the actual fuck was happening.
"Wait! I need my hands for later this evening!" the genius said in protest.
Tony was sitting on the floor by the tub while Morgan was splashing around with some white foam.
“Hey, I didn’t say this was okay!” Steve called fondly after the two, who were now out of the ring and walking away.
And he wasn’t ready for that.
“Alright Pete, we’ve got a few hours before our guests arrive. What do you want to do until then?”
A few days after she got the letter, she was awoken by her Dad shaking her shoulder.
Her inappropriate thoughts were interrupted by familiar heels clicking behind her. She turned around in time to make eye contact with one of her favorite ladies.
“Long haul,” he said in agreement, bringing his hand up to caress his husband’s face. He stroked his thumb along his cheekbone as he looked deep into blue eyes, momentarily contemplating if it was possible to ever
“He sleeps weirdly in a bed, too,” Steve said softly. “It’s Tony’s hip that I’m going to be concerned about later. Jarvis? Did you get a picture of this?” The lights dimmed softly in response and Steve nodded. “Thanks, Buck, I got this from here.” Bucky rolled his eyes a little and clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder before heading back for the elevator.
"It's been five years since you've been drunk," Steve reminded him.
Tony grinned at Steve. "I'm holding you to that."
"They dated for a bit, and she told me that he was in the military on active duty." Steve was still trying to put together all the pieces of this as well, but he figured he won't get that until Bucky decided to talk to him. "Still iffy on the exacts, but he actually worked for Hydra, and was one of the Winter Soldier's Handler's. Bucky sought her out last week."
"Yeah!" Peter grinned and slid off the stool, running over to the fridge to pull out a bag of shredded cheese.
“Did I miss something?” Tony whispered to Steve, watching Peter with Jamie. “Is he dying? Is she dying? Am I dying,… again?”
“I didn’t know that,” he admitted.
Then the red and white balls caught his attention. Moving the files over to the side her saw a brown leather belt and pulled it up. There was the typical pouch for empty Pokeballs like he had seen others wearing, and there were three Pokeballs attached to the belt itself. Bringing it closer he saw that two of the balls were dark and frowned sadly. Balls were only dark for two reasons; if they were empty, or if they were corrupt and the Pokemon inside were no longer inside. If the balls were as old as he thought, and they hadn’t been opened, then they would have probably just faded away, specially if they were as heartbroken as Tony thought they would be. It was no secret that the man that Captain America was had loved his Pokemon whole-heartedly, and they would have been devastated at his loss.
"I have big plans for dancing, just give me thirty, thirty-five minutes." Steve chuckled a little over the phone, clearly trying to stay in character.
"This is her floor, and I assume Coulson's, with a room for Peter of course" Bruce said with a wave around the kitchen. "Her parents are staying in a guest room on this floor as well, but I would assume that if Peter gets his way, they'll have their own floor. Probably end up living here half the year, or something."
"Please, you can call me Mary," She said, giving him a soft, very motherly, smile. "And if you change your mind about tonight, I won't be offended. A lot can happen between now and the time I come back." Steve nodded, giving a small smile. He followed her back to the front door, opening the door for her and watching her go grab her jacket before leaving.
When Mary walked to Steve's floor, she saw him on the loveseat. To her, he looked cramped up. His back was against the arm, and his feet were pressed against the other end, forcing him to draw his knees up. Even though he was using his thighs as a surface to hold his sketchbook, it still looked like he was too close to the paper. But he looked comfortable.
"When I've figured out what I'm going to do, I'll show it to you," Tony said, finishing with Peter's clothes. He opened an empty drawer to put Wade's stuff in. "Make it easier when we get to head over there. I think it was mostly the top floors that were damaged anyway. Little bit of superficial damage on the ground floors."
Tony let out a little breath. Single father, confirmed. "What do you do?"
"Scared?" Tony frowned. "I know he couldn't have been scared of Hydra-"
"Too late," Tony whispered, watching the missile hit, the sphere of orange fire engulf the ship, destroying it. It was enough, it was enough to see, to know he had done it. His eyes closed.
Mary tilted her head a little, looking over at him, catching her breath. "Tony? Did he do something? I mean, yeah, he can be an ass some times." Steve stared evenly at her. "Okay, so most of the time. But you help with Peter, and he loves Peter, possibly more than himself. Which is a major improvement from like, three years ago."
"I can muddle through on my own, always have," Tony said a little tightly.
"You are so far from good I could almost laugh," Tony said, still looking down at his phone, thumb scrolling. "I would laugh, but I'm too busy cringing. Seriously, this work, it deserves a proper space."
“I get it,” Steve interrupted him. “You do know that Peter’s first word was Stark.”
"Well, I just, it's hard to reconcile the man that I knew, and the man that was actually your dad," Steve admitted. "But I didn't know him that long. I didn't actually see him that often during the war."
"Not yet, but I'm betting that Barnes does. And he's not exactly the talkative type yet, not with Steve around, you know, living there." Tony leaned back in the seat, as uncomfortable as it was. "And I completely have Jarvis locking that apartment door at night right now, just to be on the safe side and we can get this cleared up. And I really shouldn't be acting as calmly as I am about everything that's happened, but I just don't know how to deal with it all." He let out a breath and actually slumped. "I've got like, two main priorities, and that's what I stick with. Keep Peter safe. Keep Jamie safe. And Steve gave her a middle name, he named her after me. Like. Me. Of all people."
"Tony, finally," Mary called out without looking back at him, looking at the cards in her hand. "I need your help."
"Steve, don't be silly, I found a big bunny," Tony said, shaking his head. "I do have to show this to Peter though."
“How bad was it to give you nightmares like this?” Mary asked softly, and Tony squeezed his eyes shut. “Are they worse?”
"Me-thinks that you have been planning this out for a while." She tapped the date in September, tapping out a phrase. 'Wedding - Will Attend On Pain Of Death By Bride'. As she hit save, another alert popped up on the screen, and Coulson reached over to tap it.
“And, we’re going to the Star Wars attractions today, and there’s going to be some demonstrations,” Tony continued, hopping a little on his feet with excitement. Steve smiled at him, because this was the big giant nerd that his boyfriend was, coming out right along with his sons’. “And you two will get to learn some cool light saber tricks, and, well, I don’t wanna ruin all of it, but it’s gonna be awesome.” Peter jumped at Tony and he caught him in his arms, picking him up for the biggest of hugs.
The front door was pushed open, banging against the wall, and Steve moved, leaning over Jamie to cover her body, and Bucky was pulling out a dagger in one hand and a gun in the other, pointed at the intruder. Tony slid to a stop on the floor, eyes wide. Bucky straightened and put his weapons away with a grunt.
“Thank you, Thor,” Steve told him. The doors opened, back to his old floor, where everyone was still waiting.
"Climbing," Hill said simply. "When Selvig couldn't shut it down, we ordered the evac."
Tony turned and wrapped his hands around Steve's, following the motion. "J, raise temperature ten degrees," Tony said gently, looking down at Steve's hands. The vents above them started spilling out warm air. "I can't guarantee that it'll stay like that for long," Tony started to follow up. "The workshop has to stay temperature regulated, specially when production is going. And, I uh, I can't handle a certain temperature. Reminds me of the desert. But I'm not a huge fan of the cold either, again, desert."
“Are you getting jealous?” Steve asked, tone quirking up in amusement. Tony looked at him for a few seconds, then let go Steve’s shirt. “Come on,” Steve said, trying not to let out a laugh at Tony’s expression.
"Not going to be much help if we don't save the world," Tony replied. "Won't have much time with my boy if we lose this. So let's not lose this." Tony walked towards the ledge of one of the broken windows in the penthouse. "Jarvis, deploy." Tony turned a head back towards Steve, something whirring behind him. "Beat you there." He jumped from the edge, out the window, and Steve's eyes widened as he shouted.
"You always notice more than other people," Steve told him.
Bruce sighed, and looked up between the men. "A warm light, for all mankind. Loki's jab about the cube." Bruce looked over at Tony. "I think it was meant for you." Tony nodded, already suspecting. "Even is Barton didn't tell Loki about the Tower, it was still all over the news."
The stopper had been pulled off of the decanter, his right hand reaching out to rest on one of the glasses. Tony took a long breath in through his nose, closing his eyes when the familiar scent hit. Oaky, a bit of the burned wood smell, with a hint of something almost flowery, and warm, so warm that he could feel his mouth nearly watering, his nerve endings firing up in his chest, tingling across his shoulders, down his arms, and even pooling in his stomach. The last actual drink he had, had been some kind of homebrew beer that Clint had brought over, before Christmas. The team had all been in one spot, and they had a movie night, Clint excited to show off his first batch of homemade beer. It hadn't been half bad. Tony had stopped himself after two bottles.
"Your love for him is so deep," Loki mocked, jerking Peter, making him cry out and whimper. Tony jerked forward and Loki let out a laugh. "You'll end up like every other father, though. You'll end up like your own, neglecting your son until he hates you, drinking into oblivion, until eventually, you'll be a mere shadow of a man you actually thought you could be." Loki smiled, crazy coming off of him in waves. "The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear?"
Tony hopped over the back of the couch. “I’m good, let’s go.” Steve laughed and wrapped an arm around his waist, trying to keep up with him. “You said even Barnes was gonna get in on the kidlet situation?”
Tony pointed his repulsor at the man, who he thought looked familiar for a second. Before he was able to get a shot, he was hit with a knowledge bomb. Or rather with Thor's hammer that sent him flying back and landing on top of Captain America. Oh well.
“I’m here Emerson! Dear God in Heaven follow the sound of my voice!” That earned a few pillows tossed at the chuckling teenagers on their way out.
“Joey, you never told the cops he threatened to rape you…why didn’t you tell anyone?” Tony asked with a waver in his voice.
“Hey there, carpet muncher,” Staci Long sneered at her as the crowd laughed. Jo rolled her eyes heavily before turning around to confront this unoriginal bitch.
“Can I… um…” Tony brushed his fingers through her hair to tuck behind her ear, smiling in a way that fills her with warmth and encourages her to continue.
Some time later, his phone rang. Tony silenced it when he noticed the screen name, not wanting anyone to burst their bubble.
“Breakfast,” she finally answered as she stretched her arms out.
Flour covered almost every inch of the living room while the TV ran some cartoons at high volume. Steve reached for the remote to mute the TV before he and his mom shared a look as they glanced around for the source of the screaming.
Steve stopped his torture, still on top of Peter, to turn and ask his husband. “Beloved, at what age is a child too old to be tickled by their father?”
This was real life, one he knew he'd have to work hard to keep.
“Jackson, you let go of Steve,” Bucky teasingly growled at the eighteen month old who squealed in excitement.
“Monday,” Tony echoed back, pulling him in for another long kiss before reluctantly pulling away.
"Yes, meet Maximus," she said as she carefully stood up and showed him. The blonde smiled as he gently pet the tiny kitten in her hands.
“Boys wrap it up or I’ll drag you both inside to find out how the dance went!” Mrs. Rogers called from behind the closed door, causing the two teens to pull apart in surprise.
“Sorry, Dad,” Emerson said as she gently got off the bed. Tony was about to protest but she quickly ran to the other side of the bed to tackle-hug Peter – somehow not jostling the injured man too hard.
Something happened last night with her parents. Her Pop was pretty pissed when he got home from work yesterday and last night she definitely heard shouting and crying coming from the living room.
“Leo!” he shouted in an attempt to stop the boy, dodging strangers along the way. Leo kept running until Peter was finally able to grab him by the arm and yank him into the closest alley.
“Oh Xavy he is freaking cute!” she said honestly, smiling at his tiny fingers and toes, before they were interrupted.
“Can we also agree that this is
“Em…is everything okay?” he asked before putting himself between the two, realization kicking in as he stared at the woman a moment longer.
Tony laughed as Steve felt himself smile fondly at them. Maybe even taking his phone out to snag a few pics in the process. His husband quickly conceded and rushed over to join the group, blowing Steve's mind as he'd never seen him this excited about "wild animals."
exploding from impact, ruining the note and making a mess.
“I don’t care that you’re gay, doesn’t mean I’m okay with you looking at my tits!” she said over dramatically. They all knew that wasn’t what this was about, the husbands sharing a knowing look before she continued.
“Like a generator?” Steve asked absently, staring at the thing in amazement.
“No, you just make sure to always pick the opposite, which in this case means with him.”
Evil mastermind he was not, as he and the teens were passed out in the recliners, covered in a mass of shared blankets.
Steve pulled back first, grabbing his husband’s hand again before asking for help.
“-You’re defending her again!” she snapped back, anger rising in her gut as she stood up off the couch.
“Nothing wrong with having a crush, Smiles,” Wade said as he put what Miles assumed to be chimichangas into the oven. The teen’s eyes bulged from his head as he processed those words before sputtering out a response.
“So I…
“–hey! You didn’t come out to me!” she said with mock offense. He smiled at his girl, shaking his head fondly at her truth.
“You taste good.”
“She’s gone, Pop!”
“No,” she laughed, “
So currently, he was driving home where the two of them would meet him. He glances at the clock in his car; it was nine thirty at night. Maria – bless that woman – agreed not to actually file any charges since she ‘drove about two blocks.’ She decided to cut Josephine some slack.
She couldn’t articulate that, but somehow the fucking mind-reader of a father could see that.
He got his answer when he stepped out of the car and the front door to his house opened. He first saw Tiberius being dragged like a rag doll when he saw Howard behind him, hands on the Alpha’s neck before tossing him onto the lawn. Steve walked over, confused as Tiberius scrambled to stand back up.
“- Harley, baby bear, that simply isn’t true.”
“Hulk!” Peter cried in excitement before taking off towards the green giant, Harley toddling on after him. She stood there in shock when she felt Tony gently pat her shoulder.
know now!” the boy exclaimed in excitement before turning on his heel to sprint out of the hospital room.
“Ooooh, I know that look,” her Dad teased in an obnoxious sing-song voice. "Did you meet a girl?"
“Hey Rhodey,” he greeted the teen who held the door mostly closed.
EPILOGUE
“Okay, thanks J,” she said as she got a bottle of hard cider out of the fridge. She took a swig as she made her way back to the counter, rifling through the mail. Most of it was for her Dad, a few art magazines for her Pop. A small envelope caught her attention, as it was the only hand-written one.
“Nope, lucky charm.”
“Yes, but I love you,” the genius said with a shoulder shrug. His husband smiled brightly at the man, pulling the shorter man in to kiss him.
Tony moved to start cleaning up the hand-made beignets when Daci realized this was a situation she could help him with.
?” Peter asked in a quieter tone, voice still dripping with rage.
The two adults groaned in defeat as she saw Peter’s eye light up. Their Dad waved his hands to stop this blackmail from continuing.
“We’ll talk about it later,” Tony conceded.
And maybe...maybe she had a point about telling James the truth.
“Daddy?” cried in disbelief, before dropping the shaft and running over to him, throwing her arms around him – nearly knocking him over with a hug. He clung to her, kissing her hair and crying, helping her stand aside as she saw Captain America step into the warehouse, walking straight to the wounded monster on the floor. He slowly made his way around the body until he could look the man straight in his eyes.
“Sounds...lovely,” Tony breathed out, a little dizzy from the kiss. And several shots of espresso he just consumed.
Bucky would call Steve multiple times a week when Joey was a baby, begging his little brother for help in taking care of the tornado that was that sweet girl. Their mom – who they lost when Joey was only 4 – worked as a nurse. She helped when she could…but ultimately Steve was the go-to Joey wrangler. When she was a toddler, ‘terrible twos’ did not do her justice. ‘Tyrannical twos’ was more like it. And god help the poor soul who tried taking a toy from the child when she really wanted to play with it. She was a monster. An incredibly adorable and mostly sweet monster, but still a monster. Or tiny terrorist, as Steve used to refer to her – only ever getting a glare from Buck.
“Um…” Steve started as the door opened fully. He hadn’t scheduled anything and was confused as a tall man squeezed past Sam to enter his office. Steve stood up from his chair, brows furrowed as the stranger simple stood and smiled at the Captain.
But she could clearly hear the cheers from everyone else, reaching the other side and turning around to face the Hulk while bouncing back and forth on her feet. She could only smile at the shocked far away look on his face. He shook his big head before taking off after her, roaring loudly in excitement.
“Fuck yes I am,” the brunette growled before kissing him again. They kissed and kissed until Lucky playfully barked at them, causing them to chuckle and pull apart.
They walked into their library to find Miles wielding an axe, Thor using Mjolnir to demonstrate proper swinging technique.
“What?! But I can do everything you can! Oh wait, plus one more thing!”
Bucky couldn’t believe he’d forgotten this man. This thirtysomething pouting in a hospital bed. After helping save his kid.
"Did you check the kitchen?"
Her dad had a punching bag set up when they moved out of the garage and into their one bedroom apartment. He kept in shape even as he worked as a janitor during the day and a bartender at night. AND still found time to be her dad and teach her to defend herself. It included boxing, lots of boxing. But even when her dad would spar with her and let her get a punch in – she never fully punched a person.
"Wait, what? Really?" Steve asked his husband before turning to her father in shock.
“-A toast! To Barnes!” Thor interrupted as he helped pass out drinks to everyone but Tony and Daci.
“Let me go!” Leo screamed as he tried to break free. Peter stood firm even when the boy turned and started kicking and punching him in his attempt to run. The arachnid kept a hold on his wrist but otherwise let him get his anger out. “Let me go!” he screamed again, though Peter could hear his little voice beginning to break.
“Wow…I’m sorry,” she said as Tony waved her off – long since over the deaths. “I can’t imagine losing both at the same time though. I never met my mom, officially I guess. But if I lost dad and Steve at the same time…I can’t even imagine.”
And feeling a kind of pain he’d never experienced before.
"Did those words really come out of your mouth? Are you feeling okay, baby?" he said before smiling at the man.
“STOP. DAD. Seriously.”
“Right. Except...the last few parties we were at...I was with Brock…” Clint pointed out carefully, actually kind of hating that he was hitting the nail on the head from James’ flinch. “James you don’t have anything to worry about, it’s not like I’d ever-”
He had always tried to be honest with his kids, figuring now was another good time not to lie.
“It’s too tight momma!” he complained again, dramatically flinging his arms.
Then he can make right with his friend and teammate.
“Peter,” Tony said as a warning.
“So. I hear you have a new little sister.” His heart immediately sank. Of course he’d be interested in her. Though Peter never saw her that way, even before he saw her as a sister, he recognized she was pretty. And Wade has only dated girls. He knew how stupid this all was in his head, only offering Wade a nod as an answer.
“Bucky will always have a special place –”
His smacks resumed as she tried shouting out answers.
It turns out with a quick handful of cash, your 3 year old can fairly easily win a large toy from the impossible games – an adorably giant Winnie the Pooh. Though the cash wasn’t apparently necessary for the 16 year old and the shooting game. She decided on one of those giant inflatable plastic hammers, immediately handing it to the requesting toddler who then loudly declared he was Thor, the god of thunder.
"Daddy?" the sleepy Miles asked after wrapping his arms around the father's neck.
"That sounds great! If you want I can take you today," he offered as he turned back around to keep cooking.
Steve smiled before whispering to his husband’s ear and continued groping him, “you’re lucky I love you so damn much.”
after losing your brother
They were both thrown in the same direction and when Miles quickly regained consciousness, he saw Harry climbing on the wreckage. To get the spider, still in the case, that was wedged between some boards.
“Pop, while Dad is healing and waking up – can I take a quick walk outside? I need some fresh air,” she explained. Steve’s eyebrows furrowed as he considered it, thinking of a compromise. He smiled before responding to her.
"I think I'm going to call it a night, kiddos have dentist appointments tomorrow," Steve said before standing up and stretching his arms above his head. "You coming sweetheart?"
“Tony,” she began “I need you to hear me. I know you’re drunk but I need your one hundred percent participation and attention in this, okay?” She waited for his small nod before continuing, their eye contact never breaking.
Steve had reminded him that Tony had the ultimate veto power, he could keep Stone out of Harley’s life...but the way his pup had lit up at the mention of a man he’d never even met before...Tony couldn’t see it in himself to deprive his son of knowing the Alpha.
She chugged the glass, wishing not for the first time that she had just listened to her Dad. Sometimes her curiosity got the best of her…and sometimes, like today…her stupidity got the best of her.
She barely registered it as she finished the glass of water, handed it to Tony and collapsed backwards – feeling safe for the first time in her life. She waited until they shut the lights and the door before tracing her finger along her hairline where Tony has kissed her.
“Do we have to?” she still asked.
“Stevie bonded the Omega he barely knows!”
“That dude’s hot Rogers, that is definitely a compliment,” Clint said nonchalantly as Nat nodded in agreement next to him.
“Huh.”
“Ugh, let me go! Stop being such a Neanderthal!” The suggestion gave him an idea, loosening his arms enough to throw the teen over his shoulder.
you?” the genius side-stepped the other man’s point.
Rumlow tripped him in the hall.
“That’s right Petey! A whole weekend with fun Uncle Rhodey! Who brings weapons as toys whenever he comes over…” Steve said with a smug smile as he walked around to sit on the couch with Morgan in his lap.
“Josephine Renee I will drag your ass down to the nearest hospital so help me God…” Steve began, closing his eyes in anger.
“Tony, it’s not the same thing…”
“To apologize,” the woman began, interrupted again by Emerson as she shot out a fake laugh. “And…to tell you that I forgive you.”
“Alright miss, up and at ‘em,” the man said, grabbing Joey’s arm and not-so-gently pulling her onto her feet.
A dark feeling spread throughout her, suddenly disliking this woman very much.
dramatic than your father, but somehow you manage just fine,” her heartless blonde father said as she heard her other dad join them in the kitchen. “Tony, would you please tell your daughter to stop being so dramatic? She’s been moping around here for almost a week.” With that, Em shot her head up to glare at the heartless bastard before turning to pout at her more sympathetic parent.
call. It will happen when
So she blinked twice quickly before pulling her legs up and out of the way.
Fair warning, there's some Stony smut. Enjoy
“I made a new friend today! He’s a new kid, his name is Wade Wilson and he’s super weird. He said we would probably get married one day.”
“I have lumps!” she shrieked. His brow raised at that…not entirely sure if…
“Oh yes, Ralph Waldo Emerson. Excellent writer, one of my favorites. Here, take this cute little bookmark.” She handed the child a blue and green bookmark, with the words: “Live in the sunshine, swim in the sea, drink the wild air.” She took it, rereading the text in front of her and smiling down at it.
“What the fuck are you doing here, Ty?” Tony growled out, resisting the urge to hold his belly protectively.
“Bubbies?” she asked with glee, profoundly surprising the teen.
"So, what kinda party are we throwing for the big one eight?" he asked as Emerson groaned and covered her eyes with her hands. The blonde threw the brunette a wink, able to feign innocence despite his super hearing.
“Mr. Stark, to what do we owe the honor?”
This realization had Steve relax his muscles a little. And his posture…and his face.
Steve nodded at Peter in confirmation, who looked even sadder at the realization.
Steve wasn’t sure what to say to the pup. Part of him wanted to dish some harsh truths about the Alpha, while the other part wanted to spare the pup’s feelings and make up an excuse. But Steve couldn’t find it in himself to make an excuse for that poor excuse of a father, so instead tried to distract the pup once more.
Bewildered, Steve stands up, "What?!? From Who?!"
"Oh."
“I p’omise I don’t hate you. You’re the best daddy ever-ever n ‘m sorry.”
Tony bounces up and down nervously, his body buzzing with energy. It wasn't too late past his bedtime, but Tony had still stayed awake for Steve. When Steve sets the mug down, Tony kneels next to him, his head leaning on Steve's thigh, letting him run a hand through his hair. "C'mon then, out with it", he chuckles, enjoying the feeling of soft locks between his calloused fingers.
"He wasn't!" Clint spits, "He never has, we're all in this position because of
“Sharon isn’t here.” Tony’s hand moves up to run through those soft brown curls that Steve yearns to touch.
A smirk appears on Justin’s face, while his hand grasps Tony’s knee. “Just relax darling, you’ll see.”
Steve raises an eyebrow, "Okay, let's go then." With that, he wraps his arms around the other man leading him to bed.
Tony whines at Steve, "But Steve please!!"
"Worth it?" This time, Tony cuts her off, his chest rises and falls, he's holding back his tears, "You want me to leave Steve? I know he's possessive, but he's the best part of my life. He feeds me, clothes me, and makes sure I sleep well every night. He cares for me, and I love him. Nobody can replace him"
Steve frowns and gently hushes him, “Sweetie, I’m just going to clean you up.”
"Sir p-"
“Daddy?”
Steve sighs and sits himself down on the couch, he and Tony argued, causing Tony to kick him out of the lab and stage a lockdown. In Tony's defence, Steve had been nagging him about coming upstairs to join the team.
“Okay sweetie, if you say so. I’m going to get your bath started.”
“I know darling,” Steve kisses his head softly.
Steve returns the smile and presses a kiss to his lips. "I have a meeting soon."
Tony's thin tights hug his legs, they complement every curve of his slim but no less beautiful thighs. Snug in all the best places, modest yet so incredibly flirtatious. A beautiful black
"No baby" it works, "I want you to invite her. It'll be great fun. A new experience for you. I just got scared for you baby. I got scared you'll leave me"
"And what if I want to be owned? What if I want to be his baby forever"
"The Star-Spangled Man with a Plan!'" Tony finishes off the song and the beat stops, he steps out in the dark lit room under the spotlight.
"Because he didn't like my outfit", he'd been honest and truthful, just like Steve had taught him.
-----
Steve had been in the lab all day with Tony, watching his genius mind truly be put to work. Steve himself had been drawing lovely little doodles of Tony just as he loves to do, even engaging in a rather rowdy game of catch with Dum-E. It was getting late though, Tony hadn't eaten much all day, aside from when Steve had physically sat the man in his lap and fed him like a baby.
Steve sighs and gently places a blanket on the couch so Tony doesn’t get it dirty and sits down.
------
Tony reaches out to touch Steve's free hand, he runs his tiny soft elegant fingers across Steve's stunningly white forearm. "Tell me something"
"He cares about me, all this is because of him. I think he deserves a say", maybe that was Tony talking, maybe that was Steve.
Sharon sits up as the quarterback approaches her, nudging her girlfriend, who is not happy to be pulled out of her book. “Look.”
⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊
"I wanted to see Bruce, but I've seen him now, it's okay." Tony blinks back his tears, he didn't know what was worse, the fact he'd lied to his boyfriend or the fact the team thought he was fat.
Steve half stumbles to the balcony towards Tony who's already staring out into the night sky.  His hands gently rest on Tony's thighs, his lingering touch moving across each love bite, courtesy of Steve of course.
He shakes his head. “‘m naughty,” He says, hiding further into the corner so Steve can’t get him.
Steve turns up at someone's house :)
"I want to invite Nat over". Tony exclaims excitedly. Steve's heart drops. Anger replaces any appreciation he had at this moment.
The sudden movement freaks Tony out and he begins sobbing hysterically. “No! ‘M sorry!! Daddy, please!! Don’t give me away!! Don’t hate you, love you so much. Please!!”
"I have something for you" she stands up and grabs a flattish box with some fancy writing on it and a baby pink bow tie. "Go on open it" she hands it to him, stepping back and sitting on the bed.
"I'm s-sorry daddy", Steve's cock spurts unexpectedly. "I w-won't i-invite anyone r-round" he sobs quietly into Steve's slacks.
"Well, they might be for my lovely boyfriend." Tony smiles softly and leans forward for a hug.
Lifting his head up, Bucky blinks at Steve, his eyes red and circles prominent. “Refreshing,” he states simply, then slumps back down onto his backpack. After a few moments of companionable silence, Bucky shoots up again. “The letter. How did he react?”
Nat interjects: “So why is he glued to Hammer’s side?”
"Go on, take it, take my cock" Steve grunts, he pivots his hips upwards rutting into Tony, chasing his orgasm knowing it would pleasure his boy anyway. Tony couldn't help but squeeze his walls against the huge length splitting him apart.
Tony blushes, "You don't need to call me that, I'm 19 you know" he buries his head into Steves's chest, causing Steve to flex slightly.
"Well we'd start with our bedroom, we wouldn't need any clothes there." The brunet giggled, blushing profusely. "Then we'd dance in the hallways on the common floor, and then in the common room, I'd hold you close and dance to a slow beat, so you'd hear my heartbeat and know how much I love you. I don't care if the team watches."
Tony rubs his eyes and pours, "I'll miss you."
"I'm afraid I'll need details, I'm a busy man Mr Rogers," Tony smirked.
boy, down to tears like this. Swallowing down his own desires and needs, he cradles Tony letting him calm down for a few moments.
Steve sits in his chair, in a button-up shirt, slacks and a nice tie. Something Tony had bought for him. He waited for the team to stroll in, settling down one by one.
The redhead gives him a sad smile, “Bucky’s coming back tomorrow, he’ll cheer you right up.”
"The Captain is a good man, you're luckier than you know to have him, don't hurt him."
"I hope this works"
"Fuck baby, you're so hot and tight", Steve's member was buried deep into Tony's heat giving him immense pleasure, he smirks, dark and cruel as Tony begins to bounce shallow and light.
Turning around, Tony bumps into a wall of muscle.
Steve growls, grabbing Tony's thighs and lifting him up, his hands squeeze Tony's ass drawing a moan from the younger man's lips. Moving back, Steve lays back on the bed, "I want you to ride me, baby girl, can you do that for daddy?"
"Where does she live?" Steve doesn't want to see the light in Tony's eyes die down or see them covered in tears. No. Tony is too precious to him.
"But it's more exciting!!" he twirls around in his little dress, flaunting his stunning smooth legs on show.
"It's me Nat!" she walks into the floor and holds out a gift bag for Tony.
“I’ll hold you to that.”
Tony babbles to himself "Please daddy, let me finish Captain please", Steve yanks his head backwards with a fistful of Tony's hair
"What? Nat, he doesn't" Tony blushes, he tries to hide it, but it wasn't any use.
"It's what, Romanova!"
“Hey, James?” Pepper clears her throat nervously, “Is everything okay?”
The Captain stands up and pulls him close, "Of course daddy likes it". Tantalisingly slow, he traces his index finger along Tony's neck, the smooth olive tan skin calling out to be bitten and marked up by Steve.
Tony's body weighed nothing in Steve's grasp. He knew as the little lightboard counted down, he would have to let go of him. Even if he didn't want to, he would have to.
"Right," He turns on his heel and heads towards the elevator, as the doors close, he sees Steve walk into the communal space looking very confused.
Before he knows it, a certain blue-eyed, blond boyfriend walks into his room, flowers in one hand and two boxes of pizza and cannolis in another. Tony melts at the sight of him, "Are those for me?"
"Does my girl want to come? Do you want to finish in your costume? Hm baby?" Steve's arm snakes around Tony's body as his hand holds onto the dog tags pressing his bare chest against him
Bucky trudges into school the next day, drowsy and sleep-deprived. He slumps down next to Nat, groaning into his bag.
"Positive Captain, this last week there has been snide commentary regarding Sir's appearance and weight."
------
“Ten minutes in Time Out and some spankies.”
After a quick outfit change, Tony slips back into the room, he makes his way into the living room and sits down next to Nat and Steve who are pretty engrossed in their conversation. He clears his throat nervously, "I'm back"
As Tony walks in, Steve feels his entire world shift drastically.
"I don't want you to go out into the big scary world. Look at you baby. You're not the normal 19-year-old. You're small and gentle and dress in women's clothing. Do you think they're accepting of that outside? I let you be yourself in here because I know you're safe. Do you think those nasty men would let you go? They'd take advantage, hurt you, eat you alive.  You're too trusting Tony. You wouldn't know any better when they're bending you over and forcing-" Steve's worked himself up, he can see those men, evil men, who shouldn't be trusted, clawing their hands all over his precious boy. Tony's soft crying and mewling, calling out for Steve to come and save him.
Natasha sighs, heavily, "Some may argue you're not good enough for Laura."
Steve looks down at the brunette, his cock his hard in his pants and Tony's mouth is mere inches away from him. But now is not the time. He clears his mind thinking about his boy's soft beaming smile.
"I have reason to believe Mr Stark may be experiencing bullying. The receiving end Captain." JARVIS may have been AI, but there was clear sympathy in his tone.
Nat chuckles, "Why don't you try it on, I'll wait here for you", Tony pulls back, he grasps the dress and closes the bathroom door behind him.
“It’s okay baby, sometimes we get upset. But we have to use our words, we can’t go around smashing things and using bad language.”
"Tones?" Nat asks, her legs are crossed, as she lays upside down on the beanbag across Tony.
Tony whimpers against Steve's shoulder. His brown beautiful eyes are covered in a layer of fresh tears causing Steve to immediately wrap his arms around him. "Baby, don't cry", he softly coos, because truly, Tony didn't deserve to cry. He was too soft. "I'm just telling you the truth sweetheart". He cups Tony's face in his hands, lifting his head "You're safest here in my arms with me"
"You're sick Tony" Nat gasps, her eyes blown wide in shock. "With someone else, you could be normal. You wouldn't have this twisted-".
Tony giggles in response and runs to Steve, "But Sir, this is the fashion, Nat said it was pretty when I showed her. We're both wearing our favourite dresses".
That’s what Steve likes about nature. Always so… fresh.
Tony loved him.
Tucking a finger underneath his chin, Steve lifts his head and looks into the man’s eyes, immediately noticing he was holding back tears. “Tones baby, use your words.” His tone is softer and gentler.
"You don't exactly help it. You always tell me about you being able to walk around in just your chemises" he turns around, slightly upset.
The material is prepossessing. The undergarments hug his body gorgeously. He spins around letting the thin chemise fall against his waist. Gosh, this was stunning, Steve would love this.
Tony couldn't put together a coherent sentence, he just sobs into Steve's chest. Gosh did he love his boyfriend. Loved him so
Steve calmly stands, "You know, when Fury moved us into the tower, my first thought was that this wouldn't work. We're all mismatched adults under one roof, that it would be a total disaster."
"Jarvis?!" Tony frowns, "Who taught you to be so cryptic?"
"Jarvis, connect to comms."
Steve sits up, his hands brushing through Tony's soft hair. "Sweetheart?"
Using another finger, Tony moans out trying to sufficiently stretch himself for Steve's thick size. The super-soldier serum was effective in all places. "That's enough baby", they both knew it wasn't enough, but Steve couldn't wait. All he wanted was to see Tony take his cock, to hear Tony take him; all the beautiful sounds that escaped his lips.
The genius shakes his head quickly, he knew if he spoke he'd just cry.
⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊⎊
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
Two years. Tony had gone two years without ever begging Steve to go out in the streets. The scare last time had been bad enough. Thousands of people rushed around, barging into Tony without a care in the world for how he felt, or for who he was. "It will only be till 7 Sir, and we can stay here, where you can see us Sir" Tony's honey-brown eyes are wide and hopeful on Steve's answer.
