Before Sherlock could really get into the fantasy, there was a knock on the door downstairs. Sherlock had sent Mrs. Hudson to stay with her sister for a few days while he was in heat. Who could possibly be downstairs? Was it John again? His pulse picked up for just a second before he shook his head. It didn't matter if it were John, he'd still have to tell him to leave.
"Twelve," Sherlock gasped.
“You’re being an idiot,” Sherlock muttered to himself and went to knock again.
"Please," Sherlock groaned, wiggling his hips backward, trying to find John's cock.
John came messily all over the both of them, and it was one of the best things Sherlock had ever seen.
Sherlock had thought they'd be overwhelmed if they ever partook in this particular act, and while it was sending information bouncing around their head uncontrollably, Sherlock revelled in it. Their mind was expanding and expanding to accommodate all these new feelings.
"Still okay?" John asked, voice hushed.
"I was fine," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.
"It was just a client – or a would-be client," Sherlock said, panting as the scent of riled up alpha filtered under the door. "His wife was cheating and he wanted proof. I would have told him to bugger off either way."
John took his own usual place out on the sidewalk, leaning against a wall with Gladstone resting against his side. There wasn't a lot to do but people-watch, as John didn't do any busking or begging. He recognized a few faces here and there as they walked by, quickly and without looking at him.
Then, there was the fact that with one foot bare and one foot still clad, he couldn't walk to the taxi waiting for them.
“John, you’ll have to let me go eventually,” I reasoned. “I’m not telling you about my silly dream. There’s no point.”
Embarrassed, he let it drop, and then looked up at Sherlock.
"So he called for reinforcements, did he?" the alpha sneered.
Sherlock tried to roll his eyes and found that dragon eyes didn't quite go all the way around. He sighed, and a jet of steam rushed out of his mouth, and Mycroft had to jump back to avoid being boiled.
"I want you, Sherlock," said John. "I want you so much that it's eating me up inside. I can smell you through the door. Oh, god."
Then Gladstone barked, and everyone fell silent. She barked again and then sat down on top of the grate, staring at John. She whined again and nosed at the grate.
Happy birthday
Sherlock fought back an eyeroll and pointed at the license plate, where the number was clearly displayed. It wasn’t even covered up with anything, or have a fake license sticker on top of it. How strange and curious.
It wasn’t even just his flat, it was the entire building. The pipes kept breaking and raining down through people’s ceilings, the elevator never worked and always smelled of marijuana. Sometimes it took him to the eighth floor instead of the sixth or creaked ominously.
"No," Sherlock said, her voice lacking inflection.
Sherlock snorted. "Don't be silly, Lestrade. John obviously doesn't do any drugs. First off, he's a doctor. Second, you know the signs of addiction as well as I do, and John is perfectly clean. John sometimes helped street addicts with problems like overdoses and infections."
Sherlock confesses.
John froze in surprise. Then slowly, raised his shot glass and drank the remaining bourbon. Sherlock hadn't expected to score off of that one, had simply intended to make John as uncomfortable as he was feeling. The silence was deafening as they both looked at the empty bottle of bourbon, which had been almost half full at the beginning of the night.
Of course, Mrs. Hudson wouldn't be shocked by anything, even if she did know, not with her interesting past.
John reached up and pulled his hand away. “I think the neighbours deserve to be woken up, don’t you?”
They were ushered inside, and Sherlock was surprised to see that the pychiatric ward wasn't actually as terrible a place as he had imagined. There was a TV room, and a lounge area, and even a gymnasium.
"I think it was a letter opener," Molly said. "I'm not certain what the exact shape was, however. Want to help me with this next bit?"
"What fool hath added water to the sea?" Sherlock lamented.
“How is he supposed to find them?” asked King Alendale. “I still think that we should send an army to scour the lands -”
With that, Sherlock closed a huge clawed hand around John and launched himself into the sky.
Those were the days that Sherlock could hardly bring themself to go outside, because people would look at them, everyone would look at them and see a woman.
He couldn't do anything else, and while he received several more pleading texts from John, he had to continue on his course. And, a part of him whispered rebelliously, if John really had wanted to avoid such unpleasantness, then he should have come with Sherlock to begin with instead of going out with Chantelle.
Sherlock automatically opened his mouth to say something, and what came out was, "Poor lady, she were better love a dream."
Sherlock tried to protest, but John pulled him along up to his room, turning on the light and tugged him over to John's bed. He pushed Sherlock down gently but firmly and then carefully finished undoing his buttons.
John isn't paying enough attention.
"No one saw it," Sherlock said sulkily, and John could hear him moving around, hopefully untying the bodies and putting them back where they belonged. "Oh, except for Molly. But that's fine."
"Fake dated," Sherlock corrected. "Never have I ever shagged anyone in a public toilet."
“I have to, it's a matter of great importance,” said the Captain. “I can't really explain further...”
"Do you even have to ask, John?" Sherlock said helplessly. "It's been frighteningly apparent for a long time now that I'd do anything for you. I died and came back for you – twice. I wouldn't do that for just anyone, you know."
“Do you want a cuppa?” John asked, smiling at Sherlock.
“I'd prefer to have a travelling companion to someone following me at a distance any day,” John said. “I figure that if I said no, you'd just tail me all the way to Sherlock's location.”
"Soft or rough?" he asked examining a hemp rope in bright red.
Now that he had Sherlock laid out like this, naked and helpless, he felt something thrumming with tension low in his gut. He wondered if Sherlock felt it, too. There must be something about being restrained that made Sherlock squirm like that.
“I - “ Sherlock choked out, fumbling with the top button on his shirt helplessly.
It had been about a week since the hair comment, and Sherlock had been avoiding John. They'd tried to make it seem like an accident, but even John could tell when Sherlock wasn't being forthcoming about something.
"Good. We'll begin now."
"You never know," John said with a slight shrug.
“Okay?” Sherlock said in a daze.
Would John be disappointed in their inexperience? They tensed up in sudden anxiety.
Sherlock picked up their mobile and the screen lit up.
John laughed softly, and slicked more lube over his cock and around Sherlock's entrance before easing forward with a slow roll of his hips. Sherlock groaned loudly, grabbing at John's arse to pull him forward. John panted as he sank into velvety wet heat, deeper and deeper. When he finally bottomed out against Sherlock's arse, they were both breathing hard and clinging to each other.
"No," John said.
He ran up the stairs and slammed the door at the top, resting against it and panting hard. He listened for the sound of John walking away. Then, he went to watch from the window as John made his way back up the street. Sherlock could tell that he was walking as slowly as possible, as John generally had a quick, wide stride.
"Looks like I was wrong," he muttered, then began examining the medical equipment in the room. None of it looked as if it were tampered with, and he said as much to Lestrade.
Sherlock moped in the courtyard of the castle, where Anderson had confined him. It was very dull. He'd tried shooting boiling water at the walls, but it wasn't much use against solid rock. He had resigned himself to being bored to death when he heard someone calling at the gate.
"Trying to see if I could get myself free," Sherlock said. "I already managed to get myself out of the rope ones, and I wanted to try with something more solid, such as–"
D) Take the train
"Are you?" John asked, and purposefully breathed hot air over his cock again. "Can you prove what a good boy you are... Sherlock?"
But upon John entering the next morning, Sherlock opened his mouth to demand John pay attention, and instead he said, "O for a Muse of fire, that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention."
"Oh, okay," John said, then paused. "So... do you not..."
"I'm fine, John," Sherlock said.
Sherlock sighed and looked at their reflection in the steel surface of one of the lab benches. They looked like a girl, everything about them screamed it to the world, and Sherlock was too scared to try and change that perception. People already thought they were a freak, and this would just convince everyone even more.
Huh. Who knew he would like it when John complimented his sexual skills.
And John kissed him.
"You really don't want to marry me?" Sherlock asked, just to make sure.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock laughed again. "We've come full circle."
"He didn't until last night," John replied.
"If this is too tight, or you feel your leg going numb, you tell me straight away, Sherlock," John instructed.
D) Make an excuse (I need the loo, John)
"Come on, love," John said, and Sherlock blushed, but followed John to Sherlock's room.
"One face, one voice, one habit, and two persons, a natural perspective, that is and is not!" Mr. Fielding exclaimed, by which Sherlock took to mean that they were both in the same predicament.
"Oh!" Sherlock threw his head back against the pillow, legs twitching as John pressed in slowly but firmly.
“There's too much involved and too much at stake in this case,” said Lestrade, rubbing his head in exasperation. “I didn't want to have to bring it up, but a government official's daughter is involved and it needs to be solved sooner rather than later.”
Sherlock certainly did. He'd become very very good at sucking cock over the past few months, and it was one of his favourite things to do in the bedroom. He knew how to draw it out, and he set to, chain of his leather cuffs clinking as he undid John's flies and pulled his trousers around his thighs. Sherlock nuzzled his face into John's groin, inhaling as he nosed at the base of John's cock.
John looked up, and saw that it had a pipe leading up. Then Sherlock came down and grinned at them.
It had to be that. Sherlock couldn't possibly be aware how pornographic he made ice-lolly-licking look.  John looked up again and bit back a groan. He'd seen porn stars with less blowjob finesse than Sherlock with that lolly.
"You're scaring away our customers with your dog," the clerk said. "Do you want me to get a copper in on this?"
"I'm going to a university reunion in two weeks," he said without inflection. "You should come."
He'd won, somehow. Out of the two of them, he'd won John Watson. It wasn't what he'd imagined, especially when he'd stood up at their wedding and given that speech.
“Gorgeous,” John murmured, and kissed his stomach.
John got his jacket and shoes off, and Sherlock copied him, darting anxious looks at him.
I am, of course, talking about John Watson.
His sister offered him a place on her couch, a space to recuperate. He turned it down, and refused the mobile phone she tried to push on him. Alcohol abuse, walking out on her wife – it didn't matter, they were still elements of the everyday that still didn't make sense to him. It was all the same, people going to work, meeting up with friends, petty arguments, traffic jams – it was all the same, ordinary story of a place that no longer fit.
Sherlock groaned as John started to work the plug out of him, putting pressure on different spots as he eased it out. Sherlock whimpered, the emptiness inside of him aching for something to fill it up.
Sherlock didn't even bother trying to find them all – he immediately called Mrs. Hudson – warning her not to enter the contamination zone, of course, and had her call an exterminator. In his mind, he decided that the whole lower level of 221b was infested, but considered that upstairs, where John's room was, might be safe.
After blinking odd after-images out of his vision, Sherlock had shook his head and sneezed. Nothing else had happened – or so he thought.
John thought that he'd managed to keep one last thing away from his eyes.
"God, yes, please let me in, Sherlock," John said.
"Sherlock?" John asked, sounding almost excited.
John set down the teacup he’d brought out with him on the balcony rail and said, “Why don’t you pop over and I’ll take a look at it? Medical training, and all that.”
"You smell like wet grass," Sherlock said.
"Spiral."
Sherlock is stuck, both on the case, and in matters of the heart.
That hadn't been what Sherlock had been thinking at all, but since Sherlock was never going to mention to straight-as-an-arrow John Watson that they had feelings for her, John would never know.
"Oh, Chantelle was talking about him!" another nurse put in. "He's a romantic, apparently."
Sherlock pinked and downed the rest of his bourbon. "Never have I ever given anyone a blowjob."
"We should get our dinner," John said, although there was no urgency in his voice.
Sherlock still avoided Victor Trevor to this day. They had met him in their chemistry lab in first year, and he had seemed like a fairly intelligent person. In the very least, he hadn't caused Sherlock any problems with their lab, which was a minor miracle considering the rest of their peers in the program. Sherlock had found him tolerable enough, and agreed to study with him after school. Little did Sherlock know, but Trevor was still a typical university student in that getting laid was one of his primary objectives. He had made a move on them the first night of studying, and Sherlock had been so upset that they'd left his flat altogether. Sherlock had stopped talking to him after that.
John opened the door, but rather than looking pleased, like Sherlock had planned, his face fell. Sherlock’s heart clenched, and he got the sudden urge to flee. That wasn’t what was supposed to happen.
"See you later, Sherlock," said John as he went out the door.
A) Be honest
Sherlock muses on his own mind.
If Sherlock really wasn't home, there would be no harm in opening the door.
Sherlock said, "John, I don't think that – "
"Water." Not quite what Sherlock had been thinking.
Sherlock had been here before, sometime during his absence.
"Er... why?"
What came out instead was: "Can one desire too much of a good thing?"
a) Go walk around the cliffs
"Let's see, what could have set you off," Sherlock continued as if he hadn't heard John. "You obviously weren't listening when I was talking about the interrogation, so it must have been something else. What were we talking about... Oh! Finances. You're worried about our financial state, or, more specifically, your own."
"Just come on," John said.
“John,” I gasped.
Sherlock nodded. "The crime scene?"
Absentmindedly, Sherlock rubbed a hand over his most recent, the silvery circular scar just over his heart.
“It’s our address number,” John laughed again.
And then he got up and left the room.
They were too frazzled, and their scalp itched with it. Sherlock messed up two different PCR runs before they gave up. It just wasn't going to work today, of all days.
"You even look a bit like him," a new voice from the doorway said loudly, announcing Sally. "I think it's the cheekbones. But he's much more charming."
“Something more?” John asked softly.
"We could rent a car and leave it in Truro," John said, looking at his phone.
“Fine,” he said. “Just take care of it, Mycroft, I want my daughter back. Without Sherlock, she'd never have escaped.”
"It's just beer, girl," he said.
John got up and went to the bathroom to start her nighttime routine, but Sherlock stayed where they were on the floor on their stomach. John liked their hair. Sherlock knew it was unfair to be angry at John for complimenting their hair when Sherlock had never mentioned to John how much they absolutely hated having long hair. But there it was, just the same. They almost felt betrayed.
"Sherlock, it's okay," John said, reaching over to stroke his cheek.
“I already prepared these earlier, now we just have to mix it together and add heat,” John said.
"Some people are," Sherlock said.
, John. You were happy. I wouldn't have interfered with that, no matter what my feelings were on the matter. John, I... I – "
"John, God, please..." Sherlock cried, quivering with need. "I need... I need your fingers in me, now."
Sometime in the night, Sherlock had come in, hung a robe on the door, left some slippers by John's bed, and left again. Gladstone hadn't woken him up, so John could only guess whether Gladstone trusted him, or he'd been quiet enough not to wake her. He slipped the slippers on, and with some trepidation, picked up the robe.
"So, if I were to pick up a few things from the store tomorrow..."
Sherlock awoke to fingers tracing his spine, and he sighed in contentment. He was warm and comfortable, coccooned in happiness, waiting to emerge as something entirely different than he had been last night.
Sherlock snorted again, and a large spout of steam issued from his nostrils. He watched it avidly and thought of all the experiments he could carry out now. He'd always wanted to experiment on dragons, but had deemed it too dangerous before. Now, he had all the data he could ever need.
He'd been reading it in the bathroom to try and avoid detection.
John went to get his coat on again.
It was the most awful thing that Sherlock had heard, and he was out of his bed and up the stairs to John's room before he'd really thought the entire process through or even come to the realization of what was happening.
It was a short, blond man carrying a huge stack of boxes, and Sherlock only managed to dance out of the way just in time. He’d been reading, and hadn’t noticed anyone approaching until it was almost too late.
"Someone's got to make sure you stay on the sex crime unit's nice list," Lestrade said. "Or you won't get to take part in another case with them."
"Too bad," John chimed in.
"Obviously," Sherlock said, and nuzzled his nose against John's neck. "I thought the kissing made it clear."
"Gladstone," he coughed, trying to wet his cracked lips.
“Will you need a car?” asked Lestrade. “I can have Donovan drive you down.”
Sherlock was just trying to think of what to do to fix it when they heard the front door open.
This time, it was because they had just solved a case. John had gotten to tackle a fleeing suspect and was very pleased with himself. It had been Sherlock who suggested that they grab a drink, and one drink had turned into seven.
Sherlock nodded. Curse their older brother, apparently he was even more important than they'd first thought.
"We don't," Sherlock said, looking at John speculatively.
Everyone loved dogs. If only the same could be said of weary soldiers.
He considered what he was going to do.
The brush was tough and thick, and very soon the two men were covered in sweat, bruises, and scratches from brambles.
Sherlock rested his forehead against John's collarbone, and John kissed his hair, and his temple, and the arch of his brow. Now that he wasn't kissing John, he found that his shirt had come untucked from his jeans, and somehow, he was leaning back into the couch with John overtop of him.
Shouldn't have burned it. Over-reaction. Could have still used it.
Sherlock trembled slightly and then relaxed, breathing in John’s scent, which was suddenly so close, blanketed around him.
Sherlock couldn't go out and deal with the man himself, but he knew who would. He speed-dialed John again, and John picked up mid-ring.
"Is it because of the hair in the sink?" John asked.
"I don't think you understand," said the alpha. "I was here first."
Sherlock didn't know where this was going. It was easy to say he wanted them to stay together for life, but what did that mean? They already lived together, paid the bills together, solved cases together, and had fun together. Sherlock wondered if maybe that meant they would begin to sleep together, move into one room together, or even perhaps make love together.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“Yup, so chop chop, get Princess Molly to kiss you and we’ll call it a day,” said John.
"That's two words," Sherlock interrupted.
"But what am I supposed to say?" Sherlock asked. "When everyone asks about it? They will ask about it, of course, because they all love my hair and how long it is... was. Everyone will want to know why I cut it all off. They'll think I'm even more of a freak than before! At least before now, everyone always forgave me for being weird because I looked like a girl. Now what will they all say?"
, the text continued.
Just as I was thinking that, a weight settled on my shoulder. I glanced over in surprised shock to find that John was leaning against my shoulder, still seemingly engaged with the newspaper.
"You're sweet after all," John said.
"Come on, Sherlock, we're going to play darts," John said.
Now. First thing was first: the warehouse.
“As if that’s going to happen anytime soon,” Sherlock said with a hissing laugh. “Silly Anderson has only managed to turn one of the guards into a toad so far. I have no confidence that he can find a cure for this curse.”
The last words were whispered against my lips, the warmth of them sending another shiver down my spine. Daring to lean forward to join my own with them was probably the bravest thing I’ve ever done. John pressed my back up against the back of the closet, hands coming up to cup my face. My hands clenched in the collar of his jacket.
"Look, Sherlock, I hate talking about this stuff, too," John said through the door. "It's hard for me, and it makes me uncomfortable. But there are some things you just need to say, no matter how much it makes you feel like you're spilling your guts out."
As it turned out, the first housekeeper that we came across was a man. To his credit, John played his part fairly well. The housekeeper wasn’t convinced however. I was just about ready to give up and try something else when loud yells started echoing down the hallway. The housekeeper sighed in a disgruntled sort of way and turned towards the noise. He was clearly familiar with it, as he showed no sign of alarm.
“Oh thank God,” John said, with a sudden relieved smile. “It seemed like a good idea, but now that the moment is here…”
did butchery."
"It's rubbing alcohol," John stated flatly, having no patience for interrogation from anyone.
“Let’s see,” he said.
It seemed John was too tired to get everything set up in the flat that night, but he did manage to set up the telly and the couch.
"She's a service dog," Sherlock replied quickly. "She can help out with the case."
Sherlock was surprisingly good at giving massages considering that they had never been given a chance to practice on anyone else before John. Sherlock's back massages were exclusive. Pressing down on either side of John's spine between her shoulderblades resulted in several loud pops.
And suddenly Sherlock realized that John had been ahead of him all this time in regards to this situation, and had simply been waiting for Sherlock to catch up.
John shrugged. “I'll be going, then. I've made friends of kings and queens on three continents. I don't need your aid. You need mine.”
Cautiously, he approached his door, trying not to make the floor creak as he went to look through the peephole. It was John.
To Sherlock's surprise, John pulled him into a nearby shop with cupcakes in the window.
There was no more time. The door opened and in came... three people. Three sets of footsteps.
"Coming – coming!" Sherlock's voice pitched up as another of John's thrusts hit home.
He filled up a glass of water, then dug around in his doctor first aid kit until he found a pair of scissors meant to cut away clothing. He brought the water, the kit, and the scissors back to the room with him.
"Sometimes I feel male," Sherlock said. "But not all the time. Sometimes I feel female, or neutral. But when I feel male... I'm disconnected from my body, and I hate it when people assume I'm a girl, even though that's the way I've presented myself to society. I can't stand it."
“You’re right, I have to make sure Xavier is okay,” Malcolm said. “Make sure that you keep an eye out for those two. I suspect they’re not really a couple at all, but who’s to say?”
This hadn't happened before. Usually, after a case that got their blood rocketing around their veins like this, Sherlock would play something frantic on the violin to stop himself from doing something reckless. Such as grabbing John by the collar and snogging him against the nearest semi-solid object. John would go off to his room for some reason and come back down about ten minutes later to make them both tea.
"Yes," Sherlock said, scrabbling in his bedside drawer.
"Sholto," Sherlock said.
Upon hearing this, Mr. Fielding calmed down, and Sherlock hastily put the matchbox away. Sherlock took a map of London out of his pocket, went to a nearby table and flattened it out. Mr. Fielding looked it over, and Sherlock pointedly patted the pocket that had the matchbox in it. Seeming to understand, Mr. Fielding approached the map.
"Gothic," John said.
"You're a war veteran," Posh Bloke said, looking at him.
“I guess he misses his home,” said the woman. “I always see him walking along the cliffs overlooking the sea. He likes to go on long day hikes.”
Sherlock whimpered and exposed his neck, pulling his chin up to the side pleadingly. John ran the edges of his teeth along the line of Sherlock's neck, but didn't bite down, didn't nip the flesh beneath his teeth. Sherlock squirmed in frustration.
Heart thumping ferociously, Sherlock sat on the bed and slowly started to slide in. John shifted and grunted, starting to wake up as he noted another presence in his personal space. Sherlock froze and held his breath as John stirred, yawning as he blearily looked around.
So far, John Watson had shared his bed four times with Sherlock Holmes. Those four times had been by necessity and not voluntary, at least on part of John.
"Wait –"
“How are we going to get into the rooms?” he asked.
They both trooped over to the sofa and put the plates in their laps. John flicked on the telly, and immediately made a disparaging comment about one of the characters on the screen. Sherlock laughed, and he felt himself settle into the moment, like he belonged in it, here with John.
"Why is there hair in the sink?" John asked instead of going away.
John was wearing his terrible jumper at this very moment, and Sherlock considered suggesting that John use it for a firestarter.
John was already gone by the time he woke up, and neither mentioned what had transpired the night before.
Until he'd opened the one with the blinding golden light.
"And just what are you going to do to stop me?" the murderer asked.
Sherlock sulked.
"You were shot though," Sherlock continued. "The presence of the limp suggests that your injury was psychologically traumatic."
"I know that," Sherlock said tightly. "I'm just not used to it."
The windows didn’t close properly, his toilet kept breaking and needing to be repaired, and his kitchen had become infested by cockroaches for no discernable reason. It certainly wasn’t because there was food, because Sherlock had no food. Which was just as well, because his fridge had broken down and had yet to be replaced, because the damn thing was so old that they didn’t make spare parts for it anymore.
He didn't want to look at it. Underneath all the blood, it was an ugly wound, not deep, but with a floppy bit of skin that Sherlock really didn't want to see too closely. Sherlock wasn't squeamish, per se, it just wasn't very pretty.
," Sherlock blurted out.
"Come on, you git."
"People with unusual names," Sherlock said dryly.
“It’s nothing,” I protested one last time.
And stopped.
"Sherlock, do you need anything?" John asked through the door.
"Okay, fine," John rumbled in amusement.
John finally fingered Sherlock hard, plunging his fingers up and in, rubbing against that spot inside him that made Sherlock wail with every thrust. John could see Sherlock grabbing onto the chain of the handcuffs so tightly his fingers turned mottled pink and white. Sweat ran down his forehead, and Sherlock didn't care.
"I don't hate them," Sherlock grumbled. "You wear them, after all."
The severed bits of hair fell to the bathroom floor and stuck there in a wet clump.
That's how Sherlock Holmes fell asleep, wrapped up in John, and warmth, and the steady heart against his ear, beating.
"Picture," Sherlock said, voice muffled in his pillow.
Hesitantly, he reached out to tug on John’s sleeve.
"John," Sherlock said, frustrated. "People don't touch me. No one touches me. Just you. Is that answer enough for you? You're the only one."
Sherlock let him believe that they would be allowed to wander about in this wintery wonderland later, after John was done work.
John paused.
OOooOO
A large coil came down to crush him, and he rolled out of the way just in time. His sword, which had flown out of his hand, was too far away to grab easily.
He turned on the telly, and they finished their curry while watching whatever it was on BBC One, some period drama that Sherlock was only half-watching. He was glad that John had put the telly on, because it gave him time to process what was happening.
John pressed him back against the door with his whole body. His hands found their way underneath his coat and pulled his shirttails out of his trousers. Warm hands caressed his hipbones, and Sherlock lifted up a hand to put it over his mouth, stifling the sounds spilling from his lips.
"Yes, we do," Lestrade said. "Reported stolen, although the real Dennis Tanner informed us that he would never have noticed, except he hardly ever uses that credit card, and so when it was used, he received an email notification. Anyway, we're pretty sure this guy is the murderer, so we're getting Mr. Tanner's help to bring this guy in."
"And that... that worked for you," Sherlock said, locating John's come-soaked pants on the floor.
"Your calves, actually," Sherlock said with a slight blush. "They're very... strong. And... their form is very pleasing."
John urged Sherlock to get into bed, and John pulled him into a hug. It almost seemed like... snuggling. Sherlock sighed in contentment and let himself relax. He loved John. This was okay. He'd have been okay with whatever John had wanted to do, but John had insisted that it wasn't right. So they would wait.
Happy birthday to
It snows during the night.
Sherlock likes drawing John.
“John, I...” I attempted, but John raised a finger to my lips and that’s all it took to silence me. I was trembling in his embrace, and there was no way that he didn’t notice that.
"As if that's of any importance," Sherlock said.
Grinning, he wiggled his arse back against John’s erection, and John cursed against his back. The hands that had been absently tangled with his reached down, skimming along his stomach until they found his cock.
And Sherlock was such an endlessly fascinating figure.
Sherlock snapped their mouth shut, realizing that they'd said too much. They got up off the floor and went to stand by the window with their back to John. Maybe John would get the hint and go away.
They had tried to even it out, first just by sight, looking at it like a sculpture of sorts. However, no matter what bit they cut off, all it did was make it uneven in a different way. Now, instead of only having a slightly uneven cut, it was uneven in every way possible, especially the back.
Sherlock has a nightmare. John is John.
"At least hers are interesting," Sherlock said.
*~*~*
People in the street were turning and looking up at the window in curiosity, but Sherlock only had eyes for John, who was turning around and striding back towards Sherlock and 221b. Sherlock rushed down the stairs, nearly tripping in his haste and unlocked it.
The restaurant owner even brought out a dog bowl filled with rice and chicken for Gladstone, and John watched affectionately as she gulped it down.
After a while, Sherlock felt curiosity rising in him, and a desire to see John in the same state as he had been in. A desire that ached sharply as he considered it.
I took another shaky breath, but stayed where I was. I had to listen to this conversation, and moving was too risky at the moment.
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson, that's very nice. He is my new assistant," Sherlock said, seeming pleased with himself.
Sherlock blinked and sat up slowly.
Just because John shouldn’t be that interesting didn’t stop Sherlock from rushing home right after class was over. Ordinarily, he’d be trying to break into the biology labs to see if he could get ahold of one of their dissection specimens.
"Don't you like it?" Sherlock asked.
"D-do you?" they asked, biting their lip.
? Wait – did you... No. I really don't want to know."
"We should sleep together," Sherlock announced. Then, he waited for John's reaction, pen poised to note it down. For science.
"It's nearly closing time," the man behind the bar said.
"Florida man ate someone's face," Sherlock said.
"This is lovely," John said. "Thank you, love."
“I’m not going outside naked,” he said flatly.
It didn’t take long for John and I to be ready, and a taxi dropped us off at the station suitcases in hand. I had the case dossier with me ready to be read on the train. It wouldn’t take long to figure out, I was certain.
“Oh, of course!” the woman answered immediately. “Here, there’s some brochures on the summer beach festival on Friday.”
So Sherlock had waited until John was asleep to go through the matchboxes again.
"I've been trying to accustom you already," John said frankly. "We don't have much time for this, so either we have to set up some boundaries, or we have to step up our acclimatization tactics, because otherwise, this is not going to work."
Sherlock was going to be late to class, but he let curiosity take him back up the hall to the open door.
“Not really the time for introductions, is it?” the woman replied.
I looked at John. John looked worried, and I remembered I was supposed to be listening. I tried to look through the slats of the cupboard, and I could vaguely see Malcolm stalking around the room. I was still so close to John – he could probably hear my heart pounding against his skin. It was too late to do anything about that.
John's lips paused a bare inch away, and John blinked slowly in response. Sherlock felt heat flood his face, and he stepped back in surprise. Then, he mentally cursed himself for reacting so suddenly. John's close proximity to him was rare.
221b birthday for
“We'll manage,” said John. “Let's go, Greg.”
But eventually, I drifted off into troublesome dreams.
"Sir!" Sherlock said loudly, squirming a bit on the bed, arse bobbing with the movement.
“A kiss,” Sherlock said flatly.
There's a case involving cupcakes.
“And we have to follow,” John said grimly. He took another look at the map and laughed.
"Wouldn't it be better if you also wore your sleepwear?" Sherlock asked.
"What?" Sherlock's head shot up. "Who told you about him?"
"Yeah, you know, one time I was taking a nap and someone threw water on me while I was asleep. As if I weren't wet enough with the rain already."
"Well, come on then," John said with a gesture of his hand.
"Was this a butchery?" John asked, voice gruff with disuse. "Didn't think
"And then you died," John said. "One of the reasons I was so angry with you was the regret I felt sort of curdled inside of me during the time you were gone. It was terrible, like I'd lost my one chance at happiness. And then, I met Mary, and she held me together in a way that I hadn't felt since I met you. It wasn't quite the same, but at the time, it felt pretty damn close."
Sherlock looked surprised at this and said, "You know, you could come back with me."
John looked up and frowned.
"Exactly," Sherlock said. "We need to get there now, before the scene's been contaminated by Anderson's ineptitude."
John shook his head.
"I can't think like this, John," Sherlock murmured sleepily against his ear. "It's so much."
Sherlock had two problems with that.
It could have been an accident. That's what Sherlock told himself as John railed against unreliable transportation, Cornwall in general, and small villages in Cornwall in particular.
John drew back and grinned ferally, and Sherlock's gut lurched, wondering if John would simply pick him up and carry him off caveman-style. The idea wasn't as unappealing as he would have imagined earlier, before all this had unravelled.
(See the end of the chapter for
They might have unfortunate physiological responses when John was touching them, but that didn't mean that Sherlock didn't like it, or that they wanted John to stop.
"You know what happened," John said. "I divorced Mary and moved back to Baker Street. That's the whole of it."
“Oh,” John said.
"Keep the officers from being unbearably annoying, deal with crying people, and persuade Lestrade to give me more cases should suffice," Sherlock replied, already bored and looking through the newspaper.
"What's that for?" Sherlock asked.
He began pulling the pyjamas off, revealing that Sherlock hadn't been wearing pants underneath them. John groaned as Sherlock's cock sprung free, red and leaking.
John blinked at him in astonishment and realized he was right. John tried to forget about the limp. There was nothing much that he could do about it, especially without proper therapy.
"As if you could get any more straight," Sherlock said, but complied, awkwardly straddling John's limp form, which was warm between her thighs.
John came home to an empty house, which was odd. Sherlock had assured him this morning that he would be here when John returned. John put his briefcase down, toed off his shoes and looked around, just to be sure he hadn't missed him.
Sherlock sees something in a shop window that reminds him of something special.
"I'm your favourite person?" Sherlock asked, surprised.
"Well, you heard what I just said, didn't you?" Sherlock said. "I need an assistant. Anderson won't work with me, and he's incompetent anyway. This works out perfectly."
I was fifteen."
But the hope persisted, no matter what Sherlock told himself in order to quash it. Hope, the ever-burning flame that kept Sherlock on the edge of reason. At this point, Sherlock wasn’t sure if he would ever stop hoping, because he knew his own feelings would never change.
Sherlock just shrugged sheepishly and handed her the photo. Luckily, the woman didn't talk much, but she had deft hands. Sherlock felt more and more as if they were gaining freedom the more hair that fell to the ground sheared away. And as that feeling built, their ability to deduce started working again. Or, rather, the anxiety brought on by their gender dysphoria was pushed back enough that their observations could filter through again.
"Okay?" John asked.
“I could be a serial killer.”
He used to be so otherworldly that John had never imagined having the urges he did now. But he'd softened, become more affectionate and willing to let his own feelings show through.
John had been able to figure out what he meant without hardly even trying. Sherlock was hard enough to understand as it was, but John had been the one to at least try. But he was only a distraction from John's seemingly endless quest to find a girlfriend, or god forbid, a wife.
"It's not as if you would have all this time to do it," John said. "Not to mention, you'd probably end up being... distracted."
John waited patiently for the monarchs to get their silly babble out of the way. He knew why he was here. There could be no other reason.
"Oh, geez, Sherlock –" John hissed, free hand going to his cock.
Sherlock nodded.
"Bumblebee," he eventually said, pronouncing every syllable sharply.
John stood frozen, and Sherlock Holmes prattled at him as he dashed around, talking a million miles an hour about the case. John wasn't sure what half of it was about, but he wasn't really hearing what Sherlock said anyway. There was a feeling of panic expanding in his chest. He turned to look at Sherlock and instead caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror above the mantel.
Sherlock loved her so much that for a second, she couldn't breathe.
Sherlock gets a bit tied up in his experiment, but that's all part of the fun!
"I might have changed shoes and gone back out," Sherlock said, and then clapped their hand over their mouth.
To Sherlock, it seemed like a perfect reason to get frustrated.
"So, what's happening now, Sherlock?" John asked, having finished his conversation.
Everyone looked on expectantly, and so, with a hard swallow, Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips, tilted his head back and gulped the remainder of his drink down. Which was most of the pint, actually, because Sherlock wasn't a beer guzzler, and had been drinking as slowly as possible.
He had already partaken of both those relationship elements a lot, and it was a novel experience.
"It was current, alright," John said, shaking his head, remembering all the young addicts he's seen and treated in Wiggin's den.
"M-maybe not snogging," Sherlock said, still blushing. "At first, at least. We do have a good couple of hours to try out your idea."
"Come on, come on, I need to see," John said.
"Gladstone isn't mine," John said sadly, rubbing behind her ears. "Are you girl?"
John drank again. "So either we both lost our virginity at age fifteen, or... Never have I ever
“Princess Molly,” said John. “Are you her?”
John let Gladstone sit across his lap, and off they went. The crime scene awaited them.
"Didn't you know? Mrs. Hudson gives me a deal. Her husband was going to be executed in Florida." Sherlock seemed very cavalier about all this. John felt anxiety welling up in his chest.
John could tell already that their new foray into the realm of riding crops, floggers, and paddles was going to be an interesting one.
"Lockpicks?" John asked with a laugh. "As if those actually..."
"Let's see what 'Missy' has in store for you on Valentine's day, shall we?" Sherlock hissed venomously.
They stood in silence for another minute, and then in the background, Sherlock heard the television faintly say, “Ten! Nine! Eight…”
"Will I ever finish learning you, Sherlock Holmes?" John whispered against his throat.
Sherlock snorted and rolled their eyes at their inner thoughts. They were expecting too much of John, who was just their roommate, after all. Even if she was exemplary. It wasn't as if Sherlock was John's girlfriend. John was straight, and Sherlock being non-binary wouldn't change the fact that John only saw Sherlock in a platonic light.
If he died right now, looking down at this ring and the inscription, the words engraved into the band too small to see without a microscope were to blame.
It wasn't, but he couldn't have planned a bigger or better diversion himself. It was even better than he could even imagine, because he wasn't the one that had planned it.
The door opened before he could work up the courage. John grinned at him, and Sherlock’s cheeks warmed. John’s hair was delightfully tousled, and he looked so pleased to see Sherlock, that Sherlock couldn’t quite believe that it had been him that John was waiting for.
"I can't believe you nearly made me get married over a trading debt," Sherlock snorted, and a tiny lick of flames curled out over his snout.
Hesitating, Sherlock did as he was told, holding his hands exactly where his arms would get the least leverage. John tied the scarves firmly, but was careful not to cut off Sherlock's circulation. And he made sure that the knots were easy to undo – although he had brought a pair of scissors with him as well, just in case.
"You smell so good," he said.
"Well, I did ask him at one point after we got back, and he said he still hadn't," John said. "Anyway, in uni, it's a drinking game. So, if you've done it, you take a drink."
Really, it could just be that there were very few ways to eat an ice lolly without seeming inappropriate to onlookers. Sherlock didn't really chomp down on anything when eating, and it would be cold on the gums to bite it anyway.
"You're amazing," John said.
"I'll see you later, Doc Watson," Wiggins said. "You've got something good going on here. Forget what I said earlier."
The hairdresser had two small dogs and a three-year-old, judging by the hair on her pants and the stains on the back of her knee, which she'd missed from her vantage point. John stayed with them, grinning at them in the mirror as their new cut took shape.
Sherlock opened his mouth again, but was once again silent.
The pub wasn't too crowded, and Lestrade and Donovan were there with a few other Yarders. Sherlock estimated that they were already into their second round, and a couple had already gotten to their third or fourth. Lestrade raised a pint glass at their approach.
"Damn," John cursed. "The only trains out of Truro leave in the morning on Sundays. We've missed them all until tomorrow."
Then, Gladstone came and put her head next to John's. At the next echo of Sherlock's fist, her ears perked up. She whuffed low in her throat, and that echoed too. She barked, louder this time. As she made more noise, the Yarders all turned to look at the three of them lying on the floor.
"Head injuries bleed a lot. Where's John?" Sherlock went to stand, and the whole world swirled around him.
John hooked his fingers in the waistband of Sherlock's trousers and dragged them down, slowly. Sherlock tried to kick them off his legs, but John trapped him there with the fabric and nuzzled Sherlock's inner thigh up to his knee.
"I get it, I get it," John said, looking quite cross. "Don't start with the Shakespeare again, we can go."
"What did I say, Sherlock?" John asked in a low voice.
Sherlock peered over John's shoulder. It appeared to be mulled wine, which Sherlock had memories of being allowed to drink during the Christmas holidays at home when he was a teen. Perhaps sensing someone behind him, John turned his head to look.
“John!” he cried, and thrust upward into John’s mouth one last time before shuddering hard in the throes of climax.
“Something wrong?” he rumbled.
"Yes, yes, safeword."
John threw the covers off them and then covered Sherlock’s body with his own sleep-rumpled one.
“I’m going to make you feel so good, darling,” John said licking a line up his chest, passing so close to his nipple that Sherlock bucked up.
"Mate, you look beat. What's Sherlock doing dragging you out like this?" Lestrade asked, although he didn't look much better, in John's estimate.
So much for their first time.
"Hey, it's alright," John said. "We don't have to do this, you know. We could just pretend to be a couple on the rocks that is having one last go at being a proper couple and failing."
"You know Bill Wiggins," Posh Bloke started off, and his voice was rich and deep, and it resounded in John's chest like music.
"Sherlock," John said, coming up and resting a hand on Sherlock's elbow. "Calm down. There's something we must be missing, is all."
He finished scrubbing and then just stood under the hot water for a while, waiting for the hot water to run out before it forced him to leave the tub. The towel was thick and fluffy, and he wrapped it around him.
Sherlock's already dilated pupils went huge at the sight, and his flushed cheeks darkened even more. For a moment, John wasn't sure it wasn't a fear reaction until Sherlock nodded vigorously.
John decides that you should take the train to Newquay. What will happen next?
John grinned, “I can just imagine. Here, let me hang up your wet things.”
John pinched his nipple in punishment. "No talking."
"I must have it," Sherlock said.
"We don't need the handcuffs, you know," John said.
“I know it’s not pretty, Sherlock,” said John in my ear. “Remember that I’ve been in some less than pretty places in my life.”
"I'm going to make us hot chocolate," John said.
He mused that it was sort of like being a present, and that presents must be very lucky if being wrapped up in this fashion made them as special as Sherlock felt. How silly of him, musing on the emotional properties of inanimate objects.
Sherlock circled the building, looking for a way in. Eventually, Sherlock found a window with the glass knocked out, but it was ten feet up off the ground. Sherlock couldn't jump that high, especially not in his nice shoes.
"I don't have any clothes," John felt he needed to point out.
"Benedict Cumberbatch," Sherlock said.
"How curious that you think I would believe such a story," said Mycroft.
Sherlock didn't protest this time, stalking over to his chair and throwing himself down in it. Reluctantly, he held out his arm and looked away. At least if John dealt with it, he wouldn't have to bother.
"You won't escape me!" Sherlock repeated.
Snap out of it, I told myself sternly.
“Tradition,” John said against his mouth. “It’s good luck.”
He reached down and buried his fingers in Gladstone's ruff. She leaned her weight against his leg, and John concentrated on that and tried to breath deeply and regularly, in and out. He would be useless as an assistant if he kept having panic attacks.
"I promise!" Sherlock babbled. "I'll be so good for you, John. So good –
Sherlock was grinning and patting Gladstone, who looked mightily pleased with herself. She'd been more useful than she'd been in several months, unless one counted making sure a sad, maladjusted veteran didn't blow his own brains out.
"Why are you here?" Sherlock said. "You're a homocide detective. I thought this wasn't your
"No one says no to me!" the alpha replied. "Let me in."
"You don't?" Posh Bloke looked a bit crestfallen at this. "You didn't ask Wiggins about me, then?"
"Excuse me, is there a problem here?"
That was fine with John, so long as he could keep him forever.
Princess Molly was being comforted by her parents in the background, while Mycroft shook his head and looked up at Sherlock despairingly.
Then, he licked the crease of his testicles, and the soft, sweet spot right behind. He lapped at it, getting it soaking wet in his saliva. Sherlock grasped at the sheets, thighs shivering with tension. He wanted John to get where he was going, but he was taking his time with Sherlock's perineum, licking it and stroking it with the pad of his thumbs.
Sherlock knew that Sundays were terrible for transportation. He also knew that small, remote villages on the coast of Cornwall had limited access by any sort of transportation that wasn't a car, which is why he'd insisted on taking the train into Truro and then getting a bus from there. Also, it was the off-season, which meant that buses that normally took tourists to places in Cornwall weren't running.
Gladstone didn't have a leash, and her collar didn't have proper identification either. John sighed and got up. There was no use arguing with people that hated you anyway.
"Oh, most definitely," Sherlock growled in his ear.
"Oh nothing," John said. "Just making myself comfortable. But you said nothing could distract you, so I really suggest you go back to getting free."
John spanked him.
“No, it’s going to attack me,” John said, drawing his sword. “You’re going to go around the naga and rescue Princess Molly and I’m going to draw the monster off.”
"Only people looking for trouble keep up with his like," Wiggins said. "I told you to keep your head down because his lordship has the connections to keep his nose clean, where you don't. He'll always get off scot free, where you'll end up in jail faster than you can blink."
John pushed the door open, and Sherlock perked up upon seeing him. "Ah, John. I was wondering when you would turn up."
“Fine, what's the case?” I asked, crinkling my nose.
“Shhh,” John whispered in my ear. “Just relax. You’ll be fine.”
"Like that time we played Operation?" taunted Sherlock.
John’s elbow knocked the teacup, and it joined Sherlock’s cigarette in the bushes below. John and Sherlock peered after it, and John giggled.
Sherlock picked up the now clean letter opener and gave it to Molly, nodding solemnly.
They couldn't fix it.
"I think you should be able to say two words if it accurately describes what first comes to your mind," John argued. "It's not a full thought if I just say 'horror.' Or 'film.' Clowns bring to mind horror films, and only those two words together will do."
Sherlock trembled and writhed, but John was in no hurry. He licked at Sherlock's cock through the fabric until Sherlock's pants were soaked and clingy. By the time that John had mercy and removed them, Sherlock was desperately trying to get friction on his aching cock.
“Fine,” John said.
Sherlock woke up to find John curled around him from behind, arms wrapped tight around his waist, their hands clasped together in front of Sherlock. Sherlock sighed happily and snuggled back into the warmth all along his back.
John was stupefied. Luckily, the food showed up, and he started shoveling chow mein into his mouth to avoid having to say anything.
John insisted that they have a shower, and Sherlock complied happily. The water pressure in their building left much to be desired, but for once, Sherlock was too distracted and pleased to give it much thought.
"Come on," John said. "I'm going to be so good to you, sweetheart."
Sherlock is going to ask the hotel workers some questions.
Sherlock looked back on their life and tried to remember what it had been like before they met John Watson and couldn't quite recall. It had been bad before that, but Sherlock had lasted long enough to meet John, and that's what mattered most.
"Now," John breathed eagerly. "Outside of this roleplay, Sherlock, I need you to accept this."
The door to one of the suites flew open, and a man stormed out. Behind him, a glass of wine flew out the door and smashed onto the opposite wall. Reddish-purple stains spread down the otherwise pristine wall and started dripping onto the carpet.
"Nope, it's here."
But Sherlock didn't want to stop. In fact, his entire body seemed to be thrumming with the need to be in John's arms again.
He sat there for a while, waiting and watching, half in his own head, and half watching the tape. He was so enthralled by what was happening in his head, he didn’t notice when John arrived back until a hand fell on his shoulder.
"Because it looks like you're doing so well by yourself," John said sardonically.
, and waited to see what happened. He didn't know why he expected Posh Bloke to be back, or why he was bothering, but he had a feeling stirring in his gut that promised him that tonight, something would happen.
"It's so huge," Sherlock marveled in pleasure. "It's going to feel so good inside me."
King Alendale sighed, shoulders slumping.
"You silly sod," John laughed. "Come on."
As John carried him up the stairs, Sherlock could feel something hard and hot resting against the curve of his arse and shivered as he realized John was hard against him. As soon as John was up the stairs and inside 221b, Sherlock launched himself at John's face and planted a sloppy and uncoordinated kiss on John's mouth.
"Good lad," John said, patting Sherlock's bum, which was the only bit of him he could reach from here.
Then, he got up and left, giving John a sidelong glance.
"True," Sherlock said. "Hurry John! The crime scene awaits."
Sherlock’s heart hurt from how many emotional freefalls it had been through so far today, and Sherlock wondered if being happy always made people feel like they might be dying. It was an interesting experience, but Sherlock was far too invested in the moment to catalogue it properly.
John smacked his arse again and looked at the picture before choosing another rope.
“God, yeah,” John giggled. “You know, lots of people love this romantic stuff, but for us…”
John looked up and smiled a bit shyly. “Thank you.”
"Circumference."
John and Sherlock ran all the way home laughing. They'd done pretty well, all things considered. Lestrade was going to have to explain a black eye at work tomorrow, and Donovan had sprained her wrist, but Sherlock and John had gotten off rather easy on the injury front.
He moved very slightly, rubbing his thumb over the back of my hand.
“Good.”
"How did you... never mind," John said. "Wait, when did you lose yours?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and crossed his arms.
“Night,” I responded automatically.
“Oh?” John said. “I wonder why that is.”
"Oh, so this person is important to your case?" John asked.
John's Sig Sauer lay on the ground, dust-covered barrel just a few scant centimeters from his right hand. He wasn't as good a shot with his right hand, but when one could put a bullet through someone's eye, it didn't really matter if one's shot was off by such a marginal amount.
Eventually, I gasped and drew back, breathing hard. John stroked my hair and I leaned my forehead against his.
"Please," he said, voice ragged. "I want you inside me now. I want it so badly."
Newquay was just starting to get dark, and the ocean wind was strong. John and I managed to get a taxi, and the whole way I wondered if he’d noticed that I had fallen asleep on him. We arrived at the hotel and checked in without any trouble. The hotel receptionist didn’t even blink as she checked our ID’s.
"You, soon, hopefully," Sherlock said, trying to hold back a smirk.
Cuddles is my 221b birthday for
John wanted to see everything that Sherlock had, both the good, like this beautiful city, and the bad.
All he had to do was pretend he and Sherlock really were lovers, and act on all the things he'd been wanting to do for weeks.
“I dream that I wasn’t able to escape,” I said. “That I have no way out, that I’m trapped.”
I'm in love with an idiot.
“Well, I can’t very well just give up,” said John. “We’ll have to think of something. I’m sure there’s a substitute cure if we could just think of it.”
That done, John asked, "What's he done this time?"
John half-smiled then. While he did need his arm to hold steady for being a surgeon, he was still qualified to be a GP. He still didn't say anything, wondering what it was that made this strange man tick.
Sherlock picked up the basket and quickly closed the door. The snap of the bolt being thrown back across the door could be heard across the street. John sighed and left for home once more.
"Sulking, are we?" John asked as Sherlock flopped down on the sofa.
John pulled him through to the bedroom, pushing him up against the door with his weight. Sherlock leaned back and let him do as he pleased. He felt a bit like an accidental passenger that had gotten swept away for a ride on the back of a wild horse. All he could do was hang on tight.
"Ogres, elves and trolls are no better," Mycroft said, glaring at Sherlock. "If I didn't know better, I'd be certain that this was some sort of plan of yours to get out of marrying Princess Molly."
Sherlock hadn't planned on having a jewel thief smash him over the head with a priceless antique vase that evening, but somehow, it was working out far better than expected. He was a tad too dizzy to stand up at the moment, but he watched with no small amount of pride as John easily took the thief to the floor. Watching John in action was marvelous, and as he'd recently suffered a head injury, he really had no other choice but to remain where he was and watch.
“I thought everyone had a true love,” said John thoughtfully. “I’m sure we can find you another nice young lady to fall in love with you.”
All the possibilities laid themselves out before him in his Mind Palace, and Sherlock wanted to go find the end of all those paths, calculate them, decide which one to take so that this all turned out perfectly. There had to be a correct sequence for something like that. And after all, this wasn't a video game, or one of those choose-your-adventure books, where you could go back and change your previous action. If he messed up, he couldn't go back and fix it.
John sighed slightly at the unbidden thought. He'd had more and more intrusive thoughts such as these of late. It was starting to become distracting, how often he was simply dazzled by Sherlock's mere physical presence.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, but did as he was told, managing to get an arm around John's shoulder without being too awkward about it. However, he was still noticeably stiff against John's side. John nudged at Sherlock with his hip as a reminder, and Sherlock visibly attempted to relax, leaning back into John.
Which brought the issue back around to where it started. His inability to talk normally was interfering with his mission of getting rid of Chantelle by interrupting his case flow.
He looked down at the paper and found that he'd scrawled something on the paper.
Sgt. Donovan went aside to fill him in. John didn't pay attention to anything else but Sherlock, who was crouching on the floor and staring at the grate. He reached out and banged on the grate with his knuckles. Frowning, he lay closer to the floor and did it again.
"Yes, but a safeword is you taking back control," John said. "So it's yours."
"It's true, and after all that effort I used to rescue her from being beheaded," Sherlock said.
“John?” I asked hesitantly.
So he and Gladstone went to investigate too. John stashed his meagre possessions with Wiggins, and then set out late that night for Len's place, the
“Yes, that’s it, darling,” John said.
"Stay there, and don't move," John said.
"Well, too bad, we already established that taxis don't take people covered in blood."
Except, Sherlock definitely couldn't go by himself, because the likelihood of Sherlock also being thrown in a psychiatric hospital was high unless someone were with him.
Sherlock resisted the urge to toss their mobile across the room and took a deep breath.
"Why?"
"John?" Sherlock asked hesitantly. "Will everything still be okay after this is over."
"It's hideously boring," Sherlock insisted as they were on their way in the car, the one sent by Mycroft to collect them.
John lifted Sherlock's legs up so that he could lick the spot behind Sherlock's balls, and Sherlock made a tortured keening sound as John applied his tongue liberally. John made his lips soft and mouthed at Sherlock's testicles. Sherlock cried out and spread his knees further.
He began keeping them in his nightstand.
"Now that's done, we can get to the fun part," John said, rubbing his hands together.
A) the news anchor (suspected murderer)
Their arrival sent Sherlock into action again, as he once again shot out of the cab and up the steps of New Scotland Yard without waiting for John, who rolled his eyes and paid the cab. Some things never changed, at least.
The two of them were stopped in their tracks as yet another robed figure stepped out from behind a pillar and held out a hand to halt them.
Sherlock was passing the time by taking pictures of Mycroft in his jumper and posting them on the internet. Mycroft was passing the time by finding them and taking them all down.
D) Ask John what to do about the sleeping arrangements
John looked out and nodded. "It's really coming down out there."
John eased it into Sherlock. At first, there was slight resistance, but all at once, it went in easily in one, smooth slide. Sherlock shuddered hard and moaned.
C) government official's daughter (how is she even involved)
"Sorry about that," John said with a sigh. "He's being a bit of a brat."
"Alright," John said. "I guess it can't hurt to try."
"Not... as such," Sherlock admitted.
John sighed. "I get it, they're harmless. We should still get them tested for chemicals."
"Oh," Sherlock said.
But before he could say anything else, Sherlock loomed over him.
John knocked, almost hesitantly, and Sherlock threw the door open.
John had come back. They'd almost forgotten about John, or had relegated her involvment to the back burner of their mind.
"You're sure?" John said. "I can stop touching you if you don't like it."
"And if they miss the board altogether, they'll have to drink the entire glass," Anderson added.
"Are you sure?" John asked, peering down at it. "That position looks a bit painful."
Sherlock's fingers found the short hair at the nape of John's neck and pulled. John growled against Sherlock's throat and nipped at it. Sherlock mewled and melted back against the bed.
Which brought John to his second point. His ex-wife was almost certainly the one that had done the deed, sometime before she'd been dragged off back to America by Mycroft's minions. It made John wonder exactly when it had been done, and if Mary had realized back then just what would happen.
He went next to Sherlock's head with the book and flipped through it until Sherlock found one he liked.  This one wasn't a difficult one either, and John had the feeling that Sherlock was trying to choose ones that John wouldn't have trouble with, simple ones to start off with.
When possible, Sherlock tried to avoid being on the receiving end of massages, mostly because it was much harder to hide unfortunate reactions. However, John wouldn't always take no for an answer when it came to Sherlock's health.
"Um," Sherlock said, feeling his cheeks turn red. "I..."
John just smiled enigmatically.
"Or course," Sherlock said, as if the idea hadn't even crossed his mind. "Why wouldn't they?"
"But lucky Sherlock," Mummy used to say. "Her hair is so lovely. She'll be the envy of all the girls! And all the boys will chase her."
Sherlock nearly flung his laptop across the room in frustration. What could possibly exist and not exist at the same time? This was intolerable. Sherlock put his computer aside and flopped down on the sofa to sulk.
He got his thumbs in the waistband of Sherlock’s pants and shimmied them down. He tossed them carelessly over his shoulder and grinned up at Sherlock, who couldn’t believe he was not only naked on John’s bed, but also had John settled in between his spread thighs, grinning at him like a devil.
Actually got this one done fairly quickly!
Sherlock looked at him questioningly, but did as ordered. His eyes widened at the sight of the black leather cuffs that John slid around his wrists. They were a thing of beauty, real leather, one thick cuff lined with two straps to buckle them shut, each with a loop to secure a ring through, joined by a silver chain. It had been expensive, but worth it to see them adorning Sherlock's wrists. It had nothing to do with the roleplay, John just wanted to see him wear them.
"Here, take a break and have coffee with me," John said, leaning over Sherlock's shoulders and resting her crossed arms over them.
"Fine. It's all fine," John breathed.
"You don't get words," John said. "I don't want to hear another word out of your mouth unless it's the safeword."
"You're the one who found it, mate," Lestrade broke in, shooting a quelling look at Donovan.
Sherlock calculated that Donovan planned to use his knee and shoulder as a springboard in order to vault onto John and Lestrade's shoulders so that she could reach the dart. Donovan was quite athletic, and Sherlock decided that it would probably work. He did as he was told, too interested in seeing what would happen to complain about her ordering him around.
For a bit, he had worried that Sherlock would think he was too good at acting and realize John's feelings. But then, he realized that Sherlock had never been good at sussing out his real feelings, and would never think that John had actual feelings for him, as tragic as that was. Sherlock should never think he wasn't good enough to be loved, but it was terribly obvious, to John at least, that Sherlock had never considered that anyone who really knew him would be able to love him.
John could see that Sherlock was already starting to get hard, as the tiny shorts left very little to the imagination.
Sherlock nodded, and finally looked at him. "Yes."
Sherlock pouted, and John laughed, but he flopped over on his side next to Sherlock, no longer hovering over him, ready to pounce on him.
“You’re treating me like…” John said, and then his voice trailed off. “Never mind. It’s obvious you don’t need me to interfere in your case. It’s all up to you and your brilliant deductions.”
John hung up, and downstairs, the knocking continued.
“From my ‘one true love,’” Sherlock repeated, and he put as much disgust behind his voice as possible.
"You want to visit Mr. Fielding, I take it," said the first receptionist.
The last four hits resounded, and each of Sherlock's counts came with a little sob. When it was over, John laid down the crop, so that Sherlock could see that he'd put it down.
"You're welcome to him," one of them said, shooting him a glare before they shut the ambulance and left.
Even that little touch made Sherlock make a strange, somewhat strangled squeak.
“You and me both, mate,” said Greg, wiping his forehead.
They flew on over the deadly, frothing waves, while in the distance, a huge island rose up in front of them, backlit by the setting sun.
“That’s fine, no one does,” John said, crouching to look under a bush. “But they all really happened. Not that you’d care.”
There was tea as well, and John poured himself a cup and added milk. He was feeling overwhelmed again, and he almost started hyperventilating before a warm weight settled across his feet. Gladstone had sensed his distress and come over to ground him. He breathed hard and kept eating.
Christmas card time in 221b.
"Go back to sleep, John," Sherlock said.
“That is correct. True love's first kiss
"Of course," John said, smiling at him unreservedly.
“No, I’ve been trying to get them to replace it for ages,” Sherlock replied, scratching his head. “But you know, I barely eat anyway, so it’s hardly an issue.”
"Sherlock?" John asked, stumbling to a halt behind him. "What're these?"
"I told you, I don't want to come home for Christmas," Sherlock repeated.
Sherlock and John catch a Santa.
He almost felt like a new man.
“Didn’t, I heard you get home and was going to come ask if you got my note.”
“What singest thou? it said; Know'st thou not, there is but one theme for ever-enduring bards?” Sherlock said smugly.
Sherlock sighed and took another picture of Mycroft devouring a shortbread biscuit. Mycroft shot him a dirty look, but couldn't say anything due to his full mouth.
“Without me, you’d be dead,” said the dragon.
"Fine," Sherlock said, starting to come back to himself.
"Especially you, John," Sherlock said. "I didn't want you thinking I was weak."
"What's going on?" Lestrade asked tiredly, and slumped.
"I will if you keep singing," John said, rolling back over to sleep.
"Then I plan on staying right here," John said.
Sherlock had been floating on air ever since the previous day. It almost felt like a dream to him, and he didn't generally believe in miracles, but this certainly felt like one. Sherlock was afraid this air of uncertain joy would shatter at any moment.
a) Confess your love to John
There wasn't one. Their hair was everywhere, puffing out in tangly curls because the lab was strangely humid that day. No one else was in the lab to ask for a spare. Sherlock was desperate enough to ask someone for a spare at this point. Hands still shaking, they searched the area and came up with an improvised hair tie made out of a twisted up glove.
"Well, just when I'm on a case..." Sherlock swallowed hard. "With you. I think."
"Alright?" he asked, forehead pressed to Sherlock's shoulder.
So, that's what they'd decided.
"Oh," John said. "I remember now. I said that you had nice hair, didn't I"
"You know Molly, and Lestrade," John said. "And Mrs. Hudson, of course."
"We can't skip a shower," John said, already getting up.
Time to do his job, then.
Finally!
"That would end terribly," Mycroft said.
“Cheeky,” he said, and then pulled the t-shirt Sherlock was wearing up so that he could lick at Sherlock’s nipple.
Sherlock is experiencing some technical difficulties.
Sherlock could barely register that it was really John that was kissing them, and it was so surprising that Sherlock wasn't entirely certain what to do about it. They hadn't done much kissing, and having Victor Trevor attempt to steal one didn't really count as far as they were concerned.
"Guess we can try," John said. "Can you walk?"
"He's harassing me," she reported smugly.
It didn't hold for more than a minute, and Sherlock had had enough.
"If you find a grey sock, colour code 666362, it's mine," he told them.
"She is," John said. "Saved more lives than me, probably."
He was rooting through the garbage when he heard the door to the back of the pub open. John automatically crouched down out of sight, and Gladstone immediately fell in beside him, copying his actions. Sometimes pub owners would chase people away from their bins, and John tended to try and avoid confrontation.
Sherlock just raised his eyebrows, then pointed at a package on the couch. John sighed, got up, and grabbed the package. It didn't feel like an excessive amount of clothing, at least. He went up to what he was tentatively referring to in his head as "his" room and shut the door.
c) Stay at the retreat and hope to run into someone there
"John's right, it didn't," Sherlock said, pacing around the blackened room. "I'm sure, Lestrade, that you questioned the owner, Maggie Jones?"
"As if I need an extra incentive to fall asleep," Sherlock said drowsily as he took a sip.
John tries to settle into 221b, and is immediately swept off on his first case as Sherlock's assistant. John meets the Yarders, they investigate an arson, and Gladstone discovers something.
"Come on, up you get," John said, and ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls before putting a box of ornaments on his supine form.
Sherlock froze. John's fingers brushed across one hipbone and Sherlock waited, his breath caught in his chest, for John to do something.
"Sherlock," Molly said, glaring up at him. "It may have escaped your notice, but you're a dragon.You're bigger than those rocks by quite a lot!"
John made sure to prove him wrong every time.
“Who’re you then?” John asked.
John's jumper joined the sheet on the floor, and John proceeded into the room.
The door at the top of the stairs was slightly ajar, and John started up the stairs, Gladstone following. John knocked lightly at the door.
"Yeah, for a price I do!" Wiggins waved his arms. "And if things get hairy, I get out! Cause nobody is going to bail my arse out of jail if I end up there. And no one is going to bail you out either."
Lestrade looked at them both in dawning horror.
“But his husband isn’t usually with him?” I asked. “How strange.”
Familiar footsteps climbed the seventeen stairs up to their flat, and Sherlock waited in anticipation for John to appear. He looked to be in a good mood, which Sherlock hoped meant that he would be in the mood to trek across London to go look at Mr. Fielding's house.
I internally shrugged and opened the case dossier. It was difficult to concentrate with John’s head resting on my shoulder – my heart was doing strange things in my chest – but I somehow managed to focus.
"Right, back on your front, love," John said.
"Show me," Sherlock demanded.
The two of them mounted up, leaving Anderson behind.
“Well, come on in,” John said, stepping aside for Sherlock to enter.
"You do?" John said. "I never got that impression. You're always tense or look like you'd rather be on the other side of the room whenever I touch you."
"But – "
John opened his arms and Sherlock twined himself around John contentedly, burying his face in the crook of John's neck. John took in a deep breath, nose in Sherlock's hair, enjoying the scent of Sherlock's sweat mixed with the faint smell of his fancy brand of shampoo.
“Your sword,” said the innkeeper.
Which meant that he had it figured, but was reluctant to tell John how it had happened. That could only mean that John wasn't going to like the answer.
"Are you afraid of my brain?" he asked.
John helped him up.
But he might as well strike while the iron was hot, so to speak.
There was one thing that he could do now, and that was get some answers about the building itself. It shouldn’t be too hard to discover who owned it, even if he did have to painstakingly type out the address letter by letter. If only he could communicate with his homeless network. They would have been a great help, but sadly, they needed instruction to be useful in this instance.
"You survived."
OOooOO
Luckily, his professor had too much tact to point out that temperatures had been mild all week and went back to supervising the rest of the lab. Sherlock gulped and retrieved his pipette. Hopefully John knew what one was supposed to do in a romantic relationship and explained it to him, because he didn’t think his heart could take the suspense anymore.
Anyway, the point is, that oftentimes various trauma in my life leads to feelings that are quite unwelcome, which I suppress as best I can. Unfortunately, when you suppress feelings, they often emerge elsewhere in inconvenient ways.
He stood up again and faced the stairs.
It might be a mistake, but he would regret losing this chance.
Sherlock smiled and looked up through his eyelashes, something he knew John loved. Slowly, he lapped up the underside of John's cock, and then rubbed his cheek up the length. He was in no rush. He could draw this out for ages, and John swore that he just plain enjoyed it, just for the sake of having a cock in his mouth. Not that he couldn't suck John off quickly when he put his mind to it, he just enjoyed the build-up.
"There were markings on the wall!" came another voice, and a man, presumably Anderson joined them on site.
"I don't know," Sherlock said, feeling out of his depth. "I've never gotten to this point before."
"Never have I ever kissed anyone in the British Armed Forces."
"And what does that entail?" Sherlock asked neutrally.
Posh Bloke nodded, sharp gaze running over John like ice water.
Some family traditions are more interesting than others.
Or rather, when one was lying immobile on the ground bleeding out, one would take what one could get.
"Strong? I think you are," John said, and he tightened his arms around Sherlock's waist.
"Do you... do you have any objections to the parameters of the experiment?" Sherlock asked.
John leaned over and pressed a soft, gentle kiss to their mouth.
Sherlock did, and allowed John to pull him into his arms with a low noise in the back of his throat. This was such a new experience, curling up on the couch with John and snuggling. John's arms were warm and firm around him, and Sherlock sighed in contentment.
"How does it look?" Sherlock asked, popping the collar.
"Never," Sherlock replied.
John froze and stopped breathing momentarily. Lestrade probably hadn't meant it seriously, but that was precisely what had happened. Lestrade, sensing something off, suddenly took a closer look at John.
John Watson was the captain of the university girl's rugby team, was training to be a doctor, and wanted to join the army. And Sherlock, in spite of their admiration of John's stellar qualities, they couldn't help but be envious at the same time.
A certain understanding came to John in that instant.
He did, in fact, have alpha-sized condoms. He'd been putting his toy in them, discarding them every so often so that he didn't have to keep washing his dildo. It was coming useful now, as Sherlock heard the crinkle of John unwrapping one, and putting it on his sizeable erection.
"He was an army doctor, Lestrade," Sherlock said. "But by all means, go first, in your official capacity."
Sherlock considered asking what John was doing in his room, but supposed it didn't matter in the end.
"It's the icing," Sherlock said sadly. "There's poison in all of them."
If only Sherlock had the time to drive her off, but he needed to be able to speak before that happened. Perhaps if he began leaving books around with titles suggesting of her shortcomings when she came to visit. Not that John would bring her around if he thought that Sherlock was purposefully trying to get rid of her presence at John’s side.
Why was she feeling so melancholy? She had done it, hadn't she? She'd escaped marriage to a lecherous old man and her familial duties to her kingdom in one successful escape attempt. She was doing what she loved – experimenting with science. As a princess, she had never been allowed to pursue her interests. Half the time, she'd been learning political manipulation, and the other half she'd been applying it. She hated it.
John was about to say something when his phone rang, and he answered it. Sherlock pretended to be enthralled with the injuries, while at the same time listening in on what John was saying. There weren't that many people with John's number these days.
Sherlock very slowly approached the bed.
Sherlock shrugged. "I didn't sleep with Janine, if that's what you meant."
"An island," Sherlock said. "In the middle of the Wasting Sea. I daresay if anyone manages to reach us there, they rather deserve to find us."
“John,” I whispered.
Sherlock shrugged.
"Ignore it," Sherlock said, heart leaping in alarm.
Maybe John would be impressed that he'd caught a murderer thirty years after the fact instead of angry that Sherlock had loosed thousands of bedbugs on their living quarters.
Sherlock's stomach sank. He had as good as revealed himself the best way that he knew how to, and John still didn't get it. He knew that he should be grateful that neither of them had understood, but instead it made his insides burn. How could he ever tell John in plain words, if the plainest way he knew how was not understood?
The pub they were going to was just a ten minute and forty-five second walk from Baker street, and the warm summer air meant that his coat was unnecessary. John was walking closer to him than usual, their elbows bumping every now and then.
There was a suspect at staying at the resort we were going to whom the police suspected of being a serial killer for several reasons. There was a whole separate sub-folder with various evidence pointing towards this man as the killer. However, there was no solid evidence tying him to the murders yet, only suspicion.
D) a hotel worker (good source of information)
"I can't say it will be easy," John warned him.
“We have to evacuate,” John said.
"What the hell are you doing?" he asked, crossing his arms.
"John?" they called in confusion. It was normally Sherlock that caused loud noises.
"John," Sherlock croaked, voice still rough. "That was..."
Sherlock made a hoarse-sounding cry that was a mixture of pleasure and agony. John smiled around the thick mouthful filling him and sucked once. Sherlock sobbed, and his hips shuddered up pathetically.
"Don't like police cars," Sherlock muttered.
John took it without a word. He did not want to know what type of blood magic a man like Mycroft played with, and certainly not a man who would track his own brother with it.
"It's nothing," Sherlock said miserably.
“Disgusting,” the dragon said, still coughing and sputtering. “You’d better be thankful, knight, because I don’t think I’ll ever get the putrid taste out of my mouth.”
The entire surface of his skin felt sensitized as John mouthed along his neck. The stubble on John's face teased him even more, and Sherlock trembled and waited in anticipation. The edge of teeth along his neck made him shiver and arch his neck, head tipping back against the door, exposing the length of his throat to John's attention.
"So when do we have to check into this resort for the weekend?" John asked.
They looked at each other tentatively, the tension between them hanging on by a thread. Then, Sherlock nodded, and John stepped inside the house. John slammed the door behind him and scooped Sherlock up so that his legs were on either side of John's hips, facing him. John laughed at his surprise and began his way up the stairs. Sherlock yelped in alarm and clung to John.
Morning seemed to take forever to come, but finally, it was light enough to constitute morning. John woke up and began preparing for his shift at the clinic. He seemed surprised to see Sherlock awake at that hour.
Sherlock keened, grabbing onto the closest part of John tightly, and felt himself release all over John's fist and his own belly. His mind soared for an instant before crashing back down to earth.
Anderson snarled in outrage. “He gave it to
c) Ask some more general questions first
"He was married," John said. "But where's his ring?"
Just as he was really beginning to simmer, he got a text message. Hurriedly, he got his mobile out to check and see if it were John.
"I take it this isn't the one that you used at the morgue?" John asked, still running his fingers up and down the handle.
We chatted back and forth about the beach festival for a while, John holding most of the conversation, as was his general practice. Finally, I made the first foray.
John went to work and didn't give the silly red envelope a second thought.
"But she knows he's a murder suspect?" John asked.
"Come on, Sherlock," she said. "Straighten me out."
The naga hissed and rounded on John.
Much later, Sherlock was playing his violin, and John came back. The snow outside had turned to slush, and it had made the bottoms of John's trousers sodden and dirty. As Sherlock had predicted, John was grumpy from having extra patients. All of the glittering snow had melted, leaving London a soupy mess.
They both looked at each other tentatively, and Sherlock’s heart pounded. This was just silly, he’d only just met the man, and already he was staying to help arrange his flat. On the other hand, he’d get to go through John’s stuff, which would be good for his mission to find out more about John.
"I can have you banned from crime scenes, you know," Lestrade said. "Come on, help us out. It's interesting, and I can let you see the photos from the scene."
He demonstrated this by pressing his mouth to Sherlock's stomach again and blowing a raspberry against it. Sherlock laughed helplessly, writhing on the sheets.
"Fine," Sherlock said. "You go first."
That made Sherlock ponder their current relationship, because John had never clarified exactly what the relationship was. All that Sherlock really knew was that he could get free hugs whenever he wanted, and lots of kisses if he pleased.
“The crystal says to go straight through the forest, which obviously isn't the best route for us,” John said. “I'm just going to take a look at my map and figure out if there's a road that eventually goes in the right direction.”
"Is that what's bothering you?" John asked with a laugh. "Don't worry, Sherlock, I'm not going to snap at you. I just wanted to see the premier of the next series of Doctor Who."
“No!” Sherlock said quickly. “I do. I’m just… I haven’t... “ He took a deep breath. “I do like you, John.”
"Your reactions?" Sherlock asked in confusion.
"Well, that's it then, Sherlock. Can I get you anything?"
Sherlock nodded, but his heart thumped loudly against his ribcage. John had prepared all the ingredients earlier in the day. He hadn’t made the curry until he knew Sherlock was going to be there. Which meant John had been planning this all along.
"If you've got it all in hand, what are you still doing there?" John asked. "Looks like you've managed to capture yourself quite thoroughly."
"What ever happened to not getting distracted?" John asked with a laugh.
"John," Sherlock protested.
Sherlock wrapped one of his hands around John's cock, and John shuddered against him. His cock was hot to the touch, and thick. It was the kind of cock one saw in porn, not that Sherlock watched porn. Well, maybe once or twice. A week.
What to do?
"I thought not," Mycroft said.
"You didn't?" John gaped. "But you dated for like a month!"
"I can't –" John said, suddenly shaking his head and stumbling toward the door.
Sherlock made a surprised sound as John pressed his mouth to the corner of Sherlocks and hummed in pleasure as John's lips found his.
At that moment, a phone rang. At first, I thought that it was one of our phones, but it soon became apparent that whoever had entered was answering it.
"Lie back, love, I'll be doing all the work here," John instructed.
John moved around the dorm outside, clinking dishes, turning on the kettle, sitting on the couch. Sherlock lay on the bed listening to her and waiting for John to go to bed. Sherlock still hadn't figured out what they were supposed to do about the hair situation. The future looked a bit bleak to them, and they could only hope that Mycroft with his mysterious powers of knowing things he shouldn't had not seen Sherlock's mad dash back to their room with a shorn head.
Sherlock remedied that immediately, and they spent the rest of the night discussing the case.
“Where to first?” asked Greg.
“The answer is that you are going to charm one of the housekeepers while I borrow her master key card to get into the room,” I answered.
"Cheers," John said.
? Possibly a fire inspector or...
"Shhh, I've got you," John whispered. "Oh, you smell divine. I think..."
Right.
Before John could move, something strange happened. A spray of boiling hot water suddenly hit the naga across the back. The naga screamed in agony and whirled on its new attacker. John had no time to do anything as the jaws of a giant dragon closed around the naga’s head and bit it clean off.
My mind raced. Alice Vernier was here with the murderer and his husband. What was going on? My mind started thinking through facts that had been in the dossier.
His only hope was to make Chantelle frustrated by having as many cases as possible to interrupt their dates. John was never mad about cases.
He finished up his food, and then said, "I suppose I should get going."
"I want to, I just don't know how to get there," Sherlock said, frustrated.
“Yes,” I answered. “Think nothing of it. It's long since revealed itself to be something that will never be mine.”
John grinned at them as they went out onto the darkened street. "So what are you looking for?"
"I'm fine," John said. "I don't mind, really. So why is he so excited this time?"
"Lestrade," he said. "This had better be good."
And tripped. Sherlock stumbled, and his dart flew off into some high corner and disappeared. Sherlock squinted after it and saw it stuck next to the exit sign.
"What kind of trouble?" John asked.
“Wait,” Mycroft said, an edge of panic in his voice. “You're correct. No one else can do this mission.”
Sherlock gasped sharply, but managed to say, "Three."
A sense of despair rolled up from the depths of his gut. It didn’t matter, because eventually Sherlock was going to screw this up and say or do something that John didn’t approve of. Just because he’d lasted longer than any other person he generally talked to didn’t mean he wouldn’t realize one day what kind of person Sherlock actually was.
"Come, darling, let's take this to your bedroom," John said.
Sherlock drank a sip of the hot chocolate, and John giggled as he put the mug down.
“So, we have to ask Lestrade to run these plates,” John said.
Sherlock found he was unable to speak, so instead he bundled her close and nodded.
"I was in denial for a long time. It took a while to work through, these feelings," John continued. "I didn't know what to do, because it was a situation that hadn't really come up before for me. But I did sort them out, you know, eventually. I had it all figured out. I just needed to do something."
"No!" Sherlock said. "Now go away."
"I-I'm almost there, John," Sherlock gasped, voice hoarse.
John wasn't entirely sure how he felt about this, but now that he was presented with the option of not only a chance to clean himself, but an actual hot shower in which he could take as much time as needed, he didn't think he could resist. Besides, Gladstone was eating right now. She wouldn't mind if he took a little while.
"Um, not as such," Sherlock said tentatively.
"Melted them with acid?" John suggested and took a bite of his sandwich.
Malcolm was first, then Xavier. Last to enter... was Alice Vernier. I couldn’t discern much more than that through the slots in the closet door. My fingers clenched in the fabric of John’s shirt. This was not good.
When he got in from the clinic, he ran into Mrs. Hudson on the way in, who stopped him and handed him his parcel, which she'd signed for in his absence. It was an ordinary-looking parcel, with nothing to give away what it actually contained.
“Guess I should have clarified,” John said. “I do like you, Sherlock. A lot. I want to keep doing this for a long time.”
He needed more data.
The first stop was the hairdresser, and Sherlock suddenly realized that they had no idea what to ask the hairdresser for. Every other time they'd been, it had just been to trim the ends. To make their hair into an actual style was something they hadn't considered. Sherlock didn't know anything about styling hair at all. Surely it would be harder once it was short?
"No tequila," Sherlock said quickly.
"Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter," Sherlock replied snarkily, not caring if it sounded weird to her.
"Hateful," Sherlock muttered, looking out the window, but nothing he said or did would change the fact that a few measly inches of snow had brought London to a standstill.
"I like this better," Sherlock admitted, with a slight flush.
Sherlock did, and groaned as John slid inside, going so deep that he hit the secondary opening that only omega anatomy carried. It felt so good to be filled up all the way, finally. The dildo didn't even compare to having John inside him. Everything throbbed, and Sherlock mewled and clawed at his sheets in ecstasy.
Mycroft enlists John to find Sherlock and Molly.
“Still couldn’t be worse than my last neighbour,” Sherlock said instead.
"This is before Mary ever entered the picture," John said. "I've l-liked you since almost the very start, but I didn't always accept that that's what I was feeling. I was in denial."
Sherlock hated transit, but at least that didn't require talking. In fact, Sherlock avoided talking to anyone on transit as much as possible normally, so it wasn't even strange that he said nothing the entire trip.
Of course Sherlock knew how to fence, John thought fondly, sitting back to watch. No doubt Sherlock would throw a sulking fit if John interfered now.
As he let go of his shirt to undo his cuff buttons, the shirt slipped down over his shoulders, revealing his back. He forgot why he never took his shirt off around John.
As soon as John stepped out of the taxi, he seriously considered getting right back in and going back to Baker street. There weren't that many cops, he tried to reassure himself. And they were Sherlock's co-workers, and they weren't inclined to harass people that they didn't know were only recently no longer homeless.
He went around to stand in front of Sherlock and barked, "Hands out."
For a pub that didn't do any butchery for the restaurant section of the pub, this equipment and set-up spoke of much use. Some of the knives had chips in them from use, and when John tested the edge of one of the blades with his thumb, it was honed to a sharp point.
"Hurry, John," Sherlock said.
"But –"
Sherlock whined. John got up on the bed behind him, and stroked his hip soothingly.
"It was wonderful!" added Chantelle.
As soon as they were done, John threw herself facedown on the living room floor.
Which was exactly not what Sherlock wanted.
Sherlock rolled over so that they were pressed together and nuzzled his nose behind John's ear. John laughed and cupped the back of Sherlock's head with one hand.
John understood.
"No, it's fine, John," Sherlock protested.
"Let me embrace thee toad, and love thee, O thou abhominable, loathsome gargarism, that will fetch up lungs, lights, heart, and liver, by scruples!" Sherlock agreed.
“Oh, um - yes! Please,” Sherlock said, stumbling over his own words.
There it was! Sherlock paused the feed to watch it. The van pulled into the alley to enter the back, where there was a huge garage door. Sherlock noted the license number and then excitedly went into the kitchen.
The tile underneath the keg had an indent in the middle with a ring that could pull up. Lestrade got ahold of it and pulled. Underneath was a metal door with a padlock on it.
Sherlock shrugged. He really had no control of what came out of his mouth these days.
"I suppose it is," John said. "It doesn't have to."
I wondered if John had noticed my reactions. No, not the time! Pay attention.
“Alright,” John said softly. “Okay.”
That left Sherlock in his own flat, feeling abandoned and humiliated, holding two helpings of curry that weren’t going to get eaten. Sherlock didn’t feel that hungry anymore. He went to put them in the fridge, remembered it wasn’t working, and slumped. He stood dumbly in the middle of the kitchen for a moment or two, then finally opened the fridge and put the curry in. At least the cockroaches wouldn’t get it in there.
Their heart was beating so fast and hard that they weren't certain it could take the strain. Sherlock swayed slightly on the spot, and John's fingers tightened in response, keeping them close. It didn't make sense to Sherlock, any of this. Wasn't John...
“Hey Sherlock, if you don’t need me, I’m heading over to Chantelle’s place,” John said, interrupting Sherlock’s train of thought.
A gentle hand came up to turn his chin slightly, and suddenly John was kissing him. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut and he whimpered, a small sound that was loud against the muted sounds of the telly in the background. John caught the noise with his mouth, coaxing Sherlock to melt against him, to get caught up in the back and forth flow, an inexorable tidal pull.
What Molly meant by "this next bit" was repeatedly stabbing a chunk of meat until the same pattern was created. It wouldn't be that interesting, but at least the repetition of it would let out some of the frustration that Sherlock felt.
"Don't think I didn't notice you," John said.
"Sherlock Holmes, the world's one and only Consulting Detective. I invented the job," Sherlock said, looking pleased with himself.
He kissed down the smooth length of Sherlock’s stomach, dotting it with little moist presses of his lips. Sherlock struggled to get the shirt off, as much as he liked wearing something of John’s, having bare skin to rub against John was more important at the moment. He emerged to find John in the same position he’d been in last night, between Sherlock’s spread legs.
Bastard.
“Oh, no, sweetheart,” John said, crawling up his body. “You’re gorgeous. Don’t look away. Besides, if you do that, you won’t be able to see me either.”
Consciousness returned slowly. John had to fight for it, struggle against the darkness and the delirium threatening to drag him down again. It was like trying to swim in treacle, but eventually, John opened his eyes and saw he was in a room with white walls, separated from the bed next to him by a flimsy blue curtain.
John smiled and kissed the back of Sherlock's hand.
Normally he wouldn't bother with such a mundane observation, but he needed more data on how what he was trying to say translated into whatever was coming out of his mouth.
"John," he groaned. "Please."
"Don't start that up again," John said. "Just because I like nice, romantic guys doesn't mean that they're boring."
"Well, that's too bad, because I don't want you fainting on me," John said. "The safety section of the book said it could happen if this is a long session."
"Deep breath now," John instructed, and then pushed in.
"Hey, girl," John said. "This looks like a good spot."
Sherlock's fingers speared through the hair on John's chest, and Sherlock nuzzled his nose into the crease of John's neck, smelling the thick alpha pheromones there.
Slowly.
Damn him for being so persistant.
"I'm not distracted," Sherlock denied.
, he typed out painstakingly.
"No," Sherlock said. "So is this taking a turn for the more sexual then?"
"I'm sitting against your door until you let me in," John said.
"Take off your clothes and get on the bed," John said.
"It's nothing," John repeated, glaring for good measure.
“You really like those,” Sherlock noted, then gasped as John sucked.
"I would never think that, Sherlock," John said. "Please just tell me."
John laughed lightly and said, “Eager, are we?”
He knew he couldn't be, was just the same old John Watson who lived on the streets who had PTSD, depression, and a psychosomatic limp. But just the fact he had gone through a bit of a whirlwind revolution made him feel like he'd been recreated.
Mycroft huffed. "He misses his blogger."
Sherlock blushed. Last night, the darkness and shadow of the room had layered Sherlock in protection, or at least it had felt like it. Now John was looking down at Sherlock in the full light of day, completely uncovered. He averted his eyes in embarrassment.
"Did you ever play it when you were a kid?" asked John.
"Of course I am," Molly said. "Now that you're not an eligible prince anymore, my parents are trying to marry me off to this old man. So I must run away, and you want to escape as well, so I think our interests are well suited."
John’s eyes went to my mouth, and my breath hitched audibly.
He might even have enough to get some real food. Not very much, just a couple of things. Food storage was almost impossible out here.
"Oh, Donovan and Anderson?" Sherlock questioned, then waved his hand dismissively. "They don't matter. I just need Lestrade. He's a passable detective, and at least he listens to me."
Sherlock tugged ineffectually at the handcuffs and wiggled a bit, but nothing he did brought him any closer to reaching the paperclip required to free himself. John got his vest off as well, and the sight of John's bare chest halted Sherlock's progress again.
She said all this and then demanded, “So what’s the number then?”
"Can you hear how the echoes reverberate?" he asked John.
I sighed, but raised my eyes from my experiment, lifting the goggles from over my eyes so I could clearly see Lestrade's frustrated face.
“Does yours not?” John asked, hands on his hips.
John was being magnificent in his defense outside, and Sherlock felt himself leaking around the plug, soaking his pyjamas with lubrication.
John wandered over to the other side of the room. He smiled and exclaimed, "Chantelle!" into the mobile, beaming.
I was so busy listening that I almost forgot I was so close to John. But I was leaning closer to the door of the closet we were in when John’s hand steadied my waist. It felt like a brand on my skin, even through my shirt. My brain derailed.
"Yes, love," he panted back.
“Probably wherever Molly went as well,” the dragon sniffed. “I assume this was your attempt to rescue her?”
“You know, we can’t just run plates willy-nilly,” Lestrade said.
"I see," John said musingly, wondering if he'd get his chance to try out his hand at some of the knots in the book.
The man called Lestrade huffed and rolled his eyes, but didn't say anything. John came in and sat gingerly on the edge of the couch. Gladstone followed him in and curled up next to the end. John looked the Lestrade chap over, but couldn't tell much, apart from the fact he was particularly interested in upholding the law.
And the way John's eyes had gone dark reminded him of that moment.
“Y-yeah,” Sherlock said, blinking rapidly.
"John!" he cried once, and then pumped a gush of creamy liquid all over John's fist.
Mycroft, of course, had offered to pay for his residence at the dorms, but Sherlock refused. No need to owe Mycroft more than he did already.
John found an independant market, a small one. The owner was the person manning the till, and didn't blink as John but his groceries through, not even at the rubbing alcohol.
"Convince me," John said. "And maybe I'll let you come."
"Took you long enough," he muttered, and turned back over.
"Good morning," Sherlock said hesitantly.
The man knocked again.
Sherlock nodded, not trusting their voice in that moment.
"But Len didn't actually do it, he asked that other chap to do it," John said. "Wouldn't you find what you're looking for at the actual crime scene?"
B) Take Lestrade's car
like what he had to say.
It was a pet store.
Sherlock groaned from behind the door, and muttered something that John thankfully couldn't hear.
John smiled and took another bite of his sandwich. Trust Sherlock to be too embarrassed about it to make up a story like he usually did when Lestrade's things went missing and he was to blame.
John was obviously teetering on the edge of leaving and going on a date with this Chantelle person. She was a nurse, so obviously John would feel like there was something in common already. How annoying. This one might be harder to drive off.
"This is fine," John said. "Anyways, here we get a hot water bottle." There was a knock at the door, and John continued, "Ah, that's probably it now."
"John, today we are going to a museum. Lebanon has such a rich history!"
"It's always been your life," Sherlock said. "Bad things happen, I know. There's always a way back. I know you miss your old life, and I know equally that you will never get it back. But John, there's a battlefield out there, out on the streets of London. It needs soldiers, too. I can show it to you, if you'll let me."
"She's a real live hero," Donovan said dryly.
Sherlock waited impatiently for John to finish up with his morning, but John was in no hurrying mood. By the time he'd finished breakfast, washed the dishes, completed his morning ablutions, and gone to get dressed, Sherlock was in something of what John termed 'a tizzy.'
