"Steven!" Steven can hear Peggy's voice, and he wondered if it was his imagination, because to say the truth the man was frozen still in his place, especially when the blond wolf (And is there even a blond wolf in the world?) took a threatening step toward him. It was not that Steven fears wolf or hate them, far from that, he actually adored them, and even saw a few when he was on a mission, but the feeling he was getting from those wolves were unnatural… it made his hair stand on its ends… he just needs a few seconds to unfroze himself so he may fight them because hell no! He won't let feral wolves walk freely inside of the mansion, not when people may get hurt... though it didn't stop Steven from thinking that he forgot something important…
But it seemed he was already late and that Steven had gone after Rogers in the end, because when he finally found them it was due to his aunt snapping at them both to stop fighting; when he finally arrived at the place the two of them seemed to have taken as their arena, he winced when he saw Steven pounding his fists into Rogers face who was growling and trying to dodge Steven, but it wasn't working, Steven was not only slightly bigger than Rogers, he was more experienced than him, and with the knowledge of fifty years of fighting and strategy.
"How was my baby doing all this time?" Steve asked his little pup, getting a grumble from his baby as Steve came and hug him tightly in his embrace. "I miss you, baby." Steve whispered, kissing his baby's forehead a few times, getting a content sigh from his boy.
"I will kill him, I will kill them all! All of them!" The sound of the witch's snarls rose higher and higher in pitch as she used her magic to grip anything within her sight and throw it at the concrete walls, breaking the woods into pieces as she shrieks and hisses and let loose, unaware that she was being eyed with distaste.
The Viking Chief demanded as he took a step after step toward Steven, Steven could hear the people's choked sob as they were dragged by the Vikings who made a way for their king to stand in front of Steve, gazing down at his eyes, and smirking when the Omega glared at him. Steven inhaled deeply, this was his chance. If there is any way he could save his son and friends, then he would take it, consequences are damned.
Everyone watched as Tony's jaw fell on the ground. "That was Steve's order?" The Alpha squeaked which made his face turn red in embarrassment. "Traitors! That's it I will give you to MIT for free! Do you know how many times Dummy sprayed me with that fucking extinguisher over the years?" Tony snapped at the AI, only getting a dray answer in return.
"I'm sure, been thinking about it for a long time, Peter needs to know about the two of us before everyone else, he deserves it." Tony let out a pleasant sigh as he said those words, getting a soft smile from Steve who nodded his head, agreeing wholeheartedly with Tony. "I'm going to make dinner, his favorite; it will be easier to break the news to him with a full stomach." Tony said, giving Steve a kiss on the cheek before standing up, heading to the kitchen already planning on making dinner, probably timing it, so that when Peter returns home the dinner will be ready.
By the end Tony was shaking, he could do nothing but shake his head and look around the room, the realization that everything he thought and knew was lie struck him, that he choked on his breath, he felt someone touch him and it ends with Tony turning around and snarl at the person, it was Pepper, and she flinched at his murderous look, but that was for another time, he will apologize for her later. "Tony…" Pepper called out softly which made Tony blink and power walked to his suitcase; he had a bastard to kill.
"What do you want in exchange for the Shield?" James suddenly asked, causing Anton to blink his eyes, an amused smile taking over his face at the determined look on the pup's face; Anton couldn't help but laugh and stand up, putting the Shield up as he exam it once more.
"Yes, you noticed, you noticed us until Stane. We were your family until Stane came into the picture. Jarvis was a family until Stane came, and then he was just the butler. Mom was your world until he came and then she was just an accessory you remember when you have to go to some awful party Stane wanted you to go to. I was your son until that fucker came and forces his visions on me, convincing you that he knew what I want when the only thing I ever wanted was to be a normal teen! When are you going to open your eyes Dad?" Tony screamed, making Howard look at his son with a shocked look. Tony wiped his tears away and huffed, he could already feel the eyes of every person in the place on them, just great.
Now don't get Steven wrong, the Alpha wouldn't mind being asked questions left and right, but what really bothered him were the comments he was at the end of, from the 'OH MY GOAD HE IS HOT!' to the 'Damn those glass really made him look sharp and handsome...' to the most unsavory… 'I wonder if he is a Daddy…' and it doesn't help that Steven start growing his beard a little, something about not wanting to be mistaken with his younger counterpart, and really Steven was about to say fuck it and run to the hills, being mid-forties only made people drool more which scared him to no end, thankfully Edith was giving him answers to read and say out loud because knowing him, he would have started cursing like a sailor an hour ago, I mean who will handle a press conference that was two hours long and was still going on?
A week later, Steve finally returned to Shield, Howard and Peggy stayed with Tony not ready to go back, but Steve knows that if he didn't step up and took care of Shield, the place will practically go into war, though he has to admit Fury and the rest of Peggy's spies did a quite good job managing the place.
"Do you like it, Mr. Stark? I told Papa to buy them because you said you love chocolate!" Peter peeped which made Tony laugh a little at that and take the chocolate from Steve's hands with a small smile taking over his lips, a flush decorated his face prettily.
Steve moved quickly, crashing his lips with Tony's causing his Alpha to grunt in surprise, but Tony didn't seem to mind as he starts kissing Steve as fervently as Steve did. They navigated their way through the office, stumbling every now and then but refusing to part. By the time they'd made it to the sofa, their kiss had turned into something more hungry and urgent. Steve took Tony's bottom lip between his teeth, surprising the Alpha. He used that chance to push Tony backward onto the sofa. Tony looked up at him, somewhat shocked and aroused at the same time, making Steve smile and bit his lower lip.
"Peter!" Steve called out when he reached Peter's room, letting out a relieved sigh when he found the boy awake on his bed and rubbing his eyes, no doubt he was awakened from his pleasant dreams by the dreaded sound of the alarms informing them of a security breach. "Come on, baby, we need to get out of here," Steve whispered gently as he went to pick Peter, holding the boy tightly in his arms as he rushed to the panic room Jarvis was leading him to.
Tony being a partly sane, partly mad genius, and many parts terrified, kept his mouth shut, wondering if all the people in the forties were insane for choosing Addams as a lab rat… a masochist lab rat. "I see… a piece of advice for future events. Never EVER mention this story to anyone, it's enough that you ruined my childhood, I don't need you to ruin the childhood of millions of kids." Maybe Tony shouldn't have said that, because Steve looked like he just won the lottery. "If you ever do that (ruining kids' dreams) I will leave you and the Avengers forever." Tony threat, which caused Steve's face to fall… if condemning his life to hell so that he will save millions of innocent kids? Tony will do it, even if it meant he will hate himself forever.
The rest of the day was a blur, a blur that Steve couldn't make a head or a tail of. He just remembered Bucky finally getting him out of the supermarket a few minutes before everything got from bad to worse; worse as in the person who shot the doctor/lab worker, had friends, and with his friends they decided to rob the supermarket, holding everyone inside a hostage.
A while later Tony moves his bruised body into a sitting position, he wiped his bleeding nose and look around the room, desperately to find something, anything to save his baby with… his eyes fell on something and he crawls toward it.
You know, I planned for the end of the fic to be a pure horror or something of that sort, but the last chapter had a mind of its own and turn into a fluff… unbelievable…
"Is that so?" Tony murmured to himself, casting a glance at Steve who was looking at Peter with a small encouraging smile which made Tony relax as he turned to Peter. "When is Harley's birthday? We can take him to the funfair when the day comes, I'm sure he will love it." Tony gave Peter a cheeky grin, which got him a happy one from Peter who was jumping in his seat from excitement.
Steve paused, and Tony's hoped were about to dash when a long time pass and the Omega didn't say any word to him, Tony lowered his head tears gathering in his eyes at the silence that greeted him, and he tried to take a deep breath and paste a careless smile on his face, trying to show the Omega that it was fine, that it didn't hurt much to be at the end of this killer rejection. "I was thinking about telling Peter the truth this Christmas…" Steve finally said after a long time of silence, his words made Tony's heart nearly jump out of his chest at these words. "Peter deserves to know about you… I can admit that it was petty of me to lie to Peter about his parentage and continue to lie even when you returned and told me your intention to stay… I think that this will be Peter's favorite Christmas… his father is finally returning home." Tony couldn't contain the happiness in his chest as he rushed toward the Omega and pulled him in his arms, kissing him breathless.
When they reached the mansion, Tony had to smile at how his son snuggles into his chest, fast asleep, today was probably the most exciting day in the pup's life, not only he gets to play with kids his age, he also went to the zoo and had fun playing with the animals, had ice cream for the first time which half of it was feed to Steve's shirt and then tasted the best Italian pasta out there, the poor pup tired himself to sleep.
"Believe me, Peggy, if I told him, he would have marched toward Shield and start screaming on top of his lungs about Hydra and him knowing that they hide in there… it would be a nightmare, and let's not forget about how you and everyone else would have had a target painted on your backs… besides, I don't want them to send the soldier, if he failed, they will hurt him and I can't have that." Steven said with a pained voice which made Peggy swallow and nods her head, which made Steven give her a tired smile in return, but she can see how grateful he was all the same…
What happened next was nothing short of a blur, the only thing that Tony remembers from it was Ty shocked exclaiming that turned into shrieks of horror and then him begging; Tony could only curl around himself when Ty let go of him, he could do nothing but coughing and sobbing, pressing down on his belly where the knife hurt him, ignoring the deafening scream that was cut off all of sudden, too busy fritting over his baby to care about what's happening around him. The freezing hand on his belly made him flinch and raise his blurry eyes to gaze at the person towering over him, the eye contact only lasted a minute with Tony catching the glowing blue eyes…
Six years ago, after Tony was hit by the car, and after the police arrested the man who was responsible for it, his father arrived at the hospital only to see Stane looking at him with a crestfallen face, telling him that his grandchild was dead. But one day a year later, after Howard was going over some papers, he found a strange thing, which made him investigate the hospital, Howard ends up discovering that not only Tony's child survived that day being born prematurely, but he ends up finding a paper with his signature on it, a paper that Howard was sure he didn't sign, a paper that gave the baby to another family, that the adoption was closed and no matter what Howard did he couldn't find anything about the baby until a year later…
Tony wasn't really lying when he told Natasha that he has nowhere to go, he hadn't lied to her when he told her something had happened to Pepper and Rhodey; Tony didn't lie when he told Natasha to leave him and his property alone. All in all, after his talk with Natasha, Tony completely vanish from the village, only going there when he needed to buy something, or if he was in a dire need of human interaction; even then, Tony only spent time with a few known people, none of them were the Barnes-Carter family and his ex-friends.
"No little one, that's not a tree, that's a bush." Steve said which mad Peter look at Steve in confusion than at the bush, then at Steve once again then at the bush, that display made Tony giggle softly hiding his face in Peter's neck which made the pup lean on his mother with a confused look on his face.
So here he was, being forced to sit in the ship, with the annoying Tony who was still glaring at Steven, (Even if Steven can only feel his glare but not see it), and the Midgardian with the strange clothes, though he blinks at the woman who was wearing his colors, the red, white, and blue… the woman looked scary though… her and the man with the silver arm, they kept sending him strange looks that made the hair on Steven's body tense.
So after a long two hours flight in the suit in fast nearly sonic speed (But not that fast yet, Tony was still thinking for a way to do that) and doing a lot of thinking (Way too much thinking for a genius like him) Tony came to the final conclusion, and it was… Nope! No, no, no, and hell to the no! He can't (Won't) forgive his parents for abandoning him for seventeen years! If they left him a year or two before contacting him, Tony would have understood, hell, he would have even accepted marrying Steve as a part of the deal, mainly to thank him for saving his parents. But what did his parents do? They disappeared for seventeen years, Tony gained a phobia from cemeteries because he saw the zombies/dummies that Steve replaced his parents with rising from their graves and to top it all, it was Steve, who told him about the deal with his parents, a deal until two hours ago Tony didn't know anything about!
"Steve…" Tony whispered happily, letting go of Thor and start wobbling toward him; Thor though, was looking at Steve with a knowing look. A look full disbelieve, hurt, and denial before he turned his eyes to the ground, giving Steve and Tony privacy they need. "Steve, sweetheart, let's go home, please, everyone is waiting for us… please…" Tony pleaded, taking step after step toward Steve.
Anton leaped to the side as the bear lowered itself on all four and charged forward, causing Anton to curse when the bear seemed to avoid the hunters' swords, axes, and arrows. A squeak behind him, made Anton cursed as he slammed into Tyber, only to be pushed away by the weasel that ran to hide when he saw the bear getting closer to them, making Anton lose his footing and curse.
"I am not weak…" Tony said in the last offer so he would be able to ditch the therapy, but it seems like it was of no use as the Captain just throw him a knowing look and smiled.
"Steve Rogers." The smile on his face fell as he saw a strange Alpha in a dark suit looking at him, then looking at the picture in his hand, putting in in his pocket when he checked who he was. That display made Steve tense and looks at the strange man with suspicion as his hand inched toward the bat behind the door.
"Steve… please, return the shark where you found it because if you don't, you are sleeping in the bathroom tonight," Tony said slowly, still not taking his eyes away from the shark who was struggling in Steve's strong grip, letting out pathetic choking sounds as it saw its life flash in front of its eyes, and do fishes even makes sounds? The last thing Tony checked they couldn't, only a few could and he doesn't think sharks are one of them.
"About that, I talked with her, she said they only kept you here because they thought you were a suspect, they were actually waiting for me to come here and edify you." Steve said which made the Omega blink and when it finally clicked he hissed at the corner he thought he saw someone hide behind.
Waking up, Tony grunt and snuggle into the warmth that was surrounding him, hoping against hope that this nightmare was finally over and that he was actually home sleeping. Letting out a sigh, Tony huffed a little, wondering if this crazy dream of meeting an Addams was just that, a crazy dream; a crazy dream that Rhodey and him will laugh over with Pepper and Happy as they gathered on their monthly video calls.
The Omega recapped his bottle and was about to turn, but the sound of footsteps coming from one of the doors made him tense at that and his breath hitched a little as he turned toward the door he felt the sound was coming from, walking cautiously as he held his bottle like a makeshift weapon.
"Nah, I will manage, besides, I will probably stop at the kids' section to see a few interesting stories for my little munchkin, what do you say, Morgan, do you want Daddy to read you some new stories?" Tony cooed, nuzzling his baby, and smiling happily when her baby scent reached his nose. "I will be back in a few minutes!" Tony grinned waving to Maria as he turned to continue his way, trying to ignore how Maria frowned at his retreating back.
"Then what are you doing? Go talk to him, I will try and make something for dinner; hopefully, the kids would eat something today other than sweets." Tony sighed and then huffed informing Steve that the two of them were thinking the same thing, with one last kiss to his husband's forehead, Steve finally let Tony go before heading to Peter's room.
Tony didn't know how long he walked but when he heard footsteps behind him, he tensed and rushed to the first room in sight, going inside and closing the door, letting out a sigh when a few minutes later the footsteps continued with their way and went far away from the room he was hiding in, which made Tony's tense muscle relax a little; when Tony raised his head he let out a breath when he noticed that he was in Steven's recovery room, and it was strange not seeing Peggy around, for the past two weeks ever since the found Bucky and Steven; Steven seemed to have fallen into a coma, Peggy never left his side which, which was sweet as much; but in a way it made him jealous and angry because it seems his boyfriend had broken up with him without Tony being informed of the breaking up, and knowing Peggy she would have growled something like 'I told you so' which Tony didn't want to hear.
The next three days were the most torturous three days in Steve's long, long life. It was like he went to sleep in the ice once more only to wake up to the world being flipped upside down, it was Peggy who tried to explain what happened to him, she tried to do her best to explain things that were simple to her but goes over Steve's head every time he heard them, werewolves… Men who can get pregnant every three months because of something called 'heat'… having animal instincts… shifting to wolves… having such long lives that humans were able to live for five hundred years or more… it made Steve wonders if he lost his mind if he tripped and fell through the rabbit hole straight into wonderland.
Sorry, no smut scene, mainly because I am not confident to write BDSM scenes at all, especially creepy ones. Though I hope you enjoy the little teasing scenes I left.
"You aren't invited," Tony stated in a cold voice, a contrast image to his heart that continued to hammer in his chest, this time fear took hold of him; how did Ty manage to come in? Tony made sure to erase Ty from his life, especially after the last time they saw each other; Tony's right eye throb reminding him how their last meeting went… Tony should never have sent Steve away, he should have handled the awkwardness if it meant not being forced to be in Ty's presently more than necessary.
Anton can see how unbalanced Tyber and his sister were by his answer, and a dark part of him enjoyed their pain; good, they should know they are not welcomed here, something that Anton had tried to make known for years. "My king, we brought some gifts from the south that we hope will catch your fancy." Sunset (Gods above who name their child Sunset? It was a nightmare hearing that name) said in what she probably hoped was a demure smile, which made her look like someone who was planning to stab you in the back instead.
Howard gave an annoying look directed at Bucky; Howard looked bored like he could be out doing a hundred different things worth his time than being here. "He is hurting without the serum, he is hurting with the serum; it's the same thing, only now he has a chance of survival." Howard narrowed his eyes as he stated these words making Bucky swallow hard, his hands curling around into fists. "If he died now, he died knowing that he fought against the poison that he has a chance against it; he won't die lying on his bed, knowing that whatever you will try to cook in a short time wouldn't work no matter how much you try." These words made Tony take a stuttering deep breath, trying to stop the shaking that took over his body from making him fall to the floor.
"You can do anything you want; no killing and severe physical harm though, but I want him to suffer, do you understand?" Tony asked feeling like somehow he was a monster for wanting this, for wanting justice to descend upon the person who used him, he wanted justice from the person that took and took and never gave leaving Tony hating himself more and more as the days and years pass. Just this time, Tony promised himself, just an hour of revenge for the four years he spent in hell because of that monster. "His name is Ty Stone. Remember no killing." Tony reminded as he gazed at Steve whose eyes became feral and bloodthirst when he gained the name he was after.
"Alright calm the fuck down!" Steven snapped as he helped Peggy and Tony up, the Alpha was the first to recover so she stood gracefully like she wasn't just thrown in a wormhole and thrown into another world nothing and she looked at Thor who was hissing and shrieking every time he tried to stand up and end up slipping, Tony, on the other hand, was shaking a little, but he didn't make any fuss just leaned on Steven to regain his barriers which made Steven's heart skip a beat.
"Oh, and who are thee to tell me what to do?" Steve said teasingly as he tickled the pup once more, which got more laughter from the pup who tried to squirm away from the Alpha's firm grip. "Captain America will capture Spider-Man and rule the world, and no one will stop me!" Steve said with twinkling eyes which made Tony grin at the challenge in them.
"Well, he isn't dead for long…" Loki said with a knowing smirk, causing Tony's fingers to twitch, fuck the suit; Tony was going to throw the God away using his bare hands. Just as Tony advanced on Loki, the man snapped his fingers and a green mist filled the kitchen.
Ever since the child heard about his father being an inventor, the little one always made sure to follow the latest science shows there was, he once took the broken toaster and fixed it on his own, it made Steve smile happily as he saw his son jump in happiness when his little project worked, Steve made sure to take a little picture of Peter holding the toaster and taking the small boy for ice-cream.
"Mama… wha Papa smell like?" His baby asked then start coughing making Tony pauses and check his son before answering.
"This wasn't a rash decision, Mrs. Banner." Steve's voice coming from behind Betty made both Tony and Betty jump; the two of them were so engrossed in glaring at each other to notice Steve who entered the room. "Tony and I already talked about adopting Harley before we married; what happened with Harley didn't change our plans only rushed them a little," Steve said as he came and stood beside Tony looking at Betty who was looking at the two like they lost their minds.
"We were going to tell you, Tony! We just didn't know how; we never could trust anyone with the secret, not after… not after the day the government came for Rogers." Natasha said, shuffling a little before walking the last few steps toward Tony and sitting beside Tony on the swings, letting out a sigh when Tony shuffled away from her, resuming his gaze at the lake.
It took a while for the ringing in his ears to go away, and when it finally did Steve managed to focus on Tony's frantic voice coming from the speakers; Steve heard Tony screaming and pleading with him, begging him to talk, to answer him, to tell him where he was… raising his head, Steve desperately stretched his hand to catch his phone, only to freeze in his place when he saw someone wearing black boots standing in front of him.
"Tony…" Betty sighed tiredly, her eyes taking in the Omega with wild hair and heated glare; Tony's heart did give a pang at the hurt look crossing his friend's eyes, but when it comes to the safety of his family Tony would stop at nothing to protect them even if it meant being at cross with his friends. "Look, I know you are close with Harley, but the thing is no one expected this outcome; besides we couldn't disturb the three of you in the middle of bounding!" Betty started to rub the tips of her fingers on her temples trying no doubt to prevent a headache.
The Omega looked at the woman who was humming as they continued in their way, and Steven paused a little before he looked at his baby who was looking at everything with wide eyes and dropped jaw, making the Omega smile a little before he swallowed and walk toward the woman, squaring his shoulders, for the question that Steven was about to ask will decide the path Steven will choose.
"… I don't hate you…" James said, and to be honest, this was the first time Steve heard the man's voice, it was low and deep, so unlike his husband but the same in a way, the Alpha's words made Steve tilt his head, wanting more explanation than just these words. "I… I'm not good at the… being normal stuff… sorry…" The man murmured which made Steve 'oh' at that and give the man an encouraging smile.
When I wrote this fic, I could only imagine a boy pulling his crush's metaphoric ponytail without realizing the reason why he loved teasing them… the realization at the end though is worth it :D
Humming pleasantly as he remembered the day that Steve and him agreed to go out on dates and see what the future holds for them, Tony… he always flushes happily when he remembered that day, the day he spent his night kissing Steve and being kissed by him in return until they both got sleepy and fell asleep on the couch waking up the next day by Peter who was too energetic…
"I offered him the money, he was the one who refused it; I offered to take the child, and he refuses too, what do you want me to do? He is not my problem as much as my idiot son's." Howard huffed, turning his face away from the sight he was gazing at; already feeling more grumped than he did a few minutes ago.
"Steve calm down please, you look like a crazy person right now…" Howard said making Steve look at him then bark an empty laugh that made both Howard and Peggy jump in fear.
"Crap you are going to make me cry." Steve said as he let out a laugh after he let go of May, which got him a happy grin from the woman as she winked at him, which made him chuckle a little at that and shake his head a smile taking over his face as he hugged Peter when the pup latched into his legs smiling happily.
"Baby, listen to me, you are not weak, you are strong, love, the strongest person out there, listen to me, Peter!" Steve said as he leaned back and made the pup look at him, wiping the tears away from Peter's eyes kissing his forehead. "You are strong, Peter, and everyone knows that me, Uncle Ben and Aunt May, Uncle Bucky and Aunt Becca, and grandpa George and grandma Winnie, your friends, and defiantly Mr. Stark, do you know why?" Steve asked which made Peter sniff and shake his head, causing Steve to smile and wipe the rest of the tears and snot from his son's face. "Because you are the only one who kept smiling even when it hurt… not everyone can do that, even me." Steve said gently as he caresses Peter's cheek making the pup give a tired nod and lean on Steve's chest, breath hitching now and then until the boy calmed down. "Do you want to see Mr. Stark? We can go home and eat ice-cream there, or go to the park." Steve said as he runs his hand through Peter's hair, making the pup sniff at that and lean away from Steve trying not to yawn and failing at it, tiredness had sit in his bones after all the crying he did.
You will think that taking a vacation would have made Tony spend more time with Steve, now that he was always home; you couldn't be farther from the truth. Steve could only count the times he saw his husband on one hand and there will still be some fingers left. It seemed that his husband had either made it his mission to disappear from sight, or he was angry at Steve and doesn't want to be seen with him; which confused Steve greatly because he doesn't even know what he did wrong.
! Then of course we are going home!" Steve chirp happily, humming a scary-ass tone under his breath; his arm snaked around Tony and drag him to the place he wants him in, which turned out to be a lone grave far away from the others. The only thing that marked the grave as something special was the cracked headstone and the crows that were circling it, causing Tony to gulp as they came near the portal to his dismay.
"Leave him alone, Sam, what Steve needs right now is rest and a lot of it." Natasha stated, ignoring the sputtered '
It was one of the rare times that he dared to gaze at Midgard, and this time he made sure not to look at Greece as he floats in his astral, he was having fun looking at the humans and their lives, that was until his eyes fell on Anton… it was not Anton per se, but it was him at the same time, reincarnation was a thing, it happened, though the only people reincarnated were those that will serve a great purpose in the universe.
The second surprise started with Natasha; Tony was going to the kitchen, planning on maybe stealing a piece of bread or two for his lunch, unfortunately, his stash of food had run out. Walking to the kitchen, Tony was hoping that he will be alone; it was ages since he walked into his house without looking over his shoulder preparing for death.
Tony took the box from his father with shaky hands, not knowing if he should open the box or not; looking up Tony saw the hope and pride in his father's face, which made Tony soldier on and open the box, his eyes widen as he saw the beautiful diamond necklace. Tony remembered this necklace; it was his mother's, the one she inherited from her mother on her wedding day, who also inherited from her grandmother on her wedding. "H-how…?" Tony was left speechless, tears clouded his eyes and Tony tried desperately not to cry, he didn't want to ruin the hard work that went into making him presentable to his own wedding.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, maybe a little fluff, angst (Maybe?), violence, panic attack, and poor Stevie! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Excellent, so you know about me, Commander Rogers." The man asked as he floated a little off the ground which made Steven blink, and wonder what's with sorcerers and floating off of the ground. "But I can't help but notice, that you seemed disappointed." The man said as he commanded his Doombots to attack which made the Avengers rushes to attack the bots and save as many people as they can.
If the landscape isn't enough of a clue that he really was out of New York and away from the hell he lived in for more than eighteen years, the gas station attendant is. He is old and bad-tempered, his features craggy and rumpled, the name Phillips neatly embroidered on his shirt. He comes out of the little convenience store as Tony was about to fill his car, scaring him by his loud tutting. "Give me that!" He snaps as Tony tries to unhook the nozzle from the gas pump. "There's a trick to it." He shoves Tony out of the way, which made the teen purse his lips, but he took a step back, hoping to look smaller than he already is, as to not attract the man's attention any more than he already did.
"Because I… I ran away…" Harley murmured as he shifted on the bed, still staring at his hands like they were going to give him the answer to every question in the world; Steve raised his eyebrow waiting for Harley to continue. "And… and… I'm sorry?" Harley stuttered, glancing at Steve every now and then hoping to analyze his reactions, tough luck, Steve was in the army if he wanted he can have the best poker face out there.
Steve let out a sigh as he got out of his room, planning on making breakfast for him and for James, and Steve hoped that the man will share breakfast with him today, double hoping that the man wouldn't isolate himself in his room again leaving Steve wondering what he did wrong this time.
She can understand if the king wanted to take the Omega and his child with them, considering that they were one of their people, but the servants? That was strange, but the strangest thing she saw was that the servants never cried for their lives, but for the queen and the child, it made Nattalegg wonders if the Omega was an enchantress, who made the king fall in love with him, but she shook that thought away, if the Omega was such a thing, then Loki would have killed him on the spot, the Alpha with the green eyes didn't tell her anything suspicious about the Omega other than him knowing their tongue.
"Is this notebook filled with all of their names?" Steve asked in a calm voice, causing Bruce to gulp and nod his head, offering the notebook toward Steve, who took it and start looking through the pages, taking the names of the people and what they did to hurt Tony, and their whereabouts. Bruce had made sure to include as much detail as he can, after all this was his ticket to safety. "I have to say, Dr. Banner, you are a smart man, the smartest out of these idiotic Avengers exclude Bucky and Tony of course. You gained your safety Bruce; you can sleep without fear tonight." Steve said with a murderous grin, walking back to the wall and disappearing with the shadows, leaving Bruce a shivering wreck…
"They are; as much as tiresome being around two energetic kids, I wouldn't change it." Sam mutters as he fell in line with Tony, stopping every now and then to put something in his basket. "It has been years since then…" Sam offered a small smile, which made Tony purse his lips at the harsh reminder but he ended up giving the Beta a nod.
Tony glared at the woman before him, hoping that she will feel uncomfortable as he does. It was half an hour since Tony left his pup with Steve, half an hour since he came here and talk with the woman, half an hour since he met the woman Betty Ross, his therapist, half an hour since the woman allowed for his mother to stay with him if Tony felt comfortable with it, and Tony hates it! He hated that they were trying to bring out memories he wanted to forget, he hated that they were playing around the bush and not just go straight to the point. Yes, he was held captive since he was sixteen, yes, he was tortured, yes, he was raped, and yes! He gave himself willingly to Stane when he had Peter just so he will have more food to take care of his baby, so what?
The police's sirens got louder and louder, causing Steve to let out a sob, shaking in Bucky's arms, wondering what was happening inside the supermarket with all the gunshots that were heard every few minutes. "Shhhh, it's OK, Stevie; it's OK, I got you, I got you," Bucky whispered in Steve's ear, causing Steve to take a shuddering breathes, trying to calm himself down before he passed out.
"Don't be stupid, if I wanted you to die from poison I would have left you alone, everyone knows that there is no antidote to the poison running through your veins." Howard started as he starts pumping the blue liquid inside Steve. "This is Erskine's gift to you, his last before he disappeared God's know where, I was surprised when he mentioned your name in his letter years and years ago, but now I can see what he saw in you. You better not die, Rogers, I don't need grieving children coming after me for vengeance." Howard stated darkly, as he pulled the needle out of Steve's arms. It was a few seconds later that Steve finally starts feeling it, the freezing coldness that took over him, the coldness hurt more than the fire in his veins that burned him; it was pain like no other, it made Steve choke as his heart felt like it was about to explode any second now, it hurt, it hurt so much, it hurt!
The sudden sound of breaking glass made Steve flinch harder than he expected to do, wondering if this was his imagination, Steve couldn't help but for his breath to pick up as he rushed to hide in the bathroom, trying to ignore how his heart nearly stopped when he heard a crash coming from far away. Steve had to bite his lower lips harshly when he heard another sound of breaking glass, his hand fetching his phone from his pocket as he called the first number that his eyes fell on.
. It was then that heavyweight slams up against the floor, and the boards creak, straining against the pressure. The thing punches up again, targeting a loosened board, and in the weak moonlight, Tony can see the strip of pine slowly being lifted.
Tony flushed at Steven's words, he was feeling annoyed and embarrassed by them, but at the same time he was grateful for the man, because of him, his mind was taken off Rogers who he hoped will rot in hell. "How dare you? I have a very normal height, you are the ones who are giants and abnormal!" Tony growled in mock anger as he crossed his arms trying to ignore the laugh that wanted to make itself known.
"A strange… w-woman… is t-trying to… hurt Tony." Harley managed to gasp through his harsh breath, trying to take a few deep breaths from his inhaler; his words caused Peter to choke and nearly run out of the door, causing Harley to curse and rush behind him, gasping when they reached Mr. Clint and Mr. Tony. The absence of the strange lady made Harley relax a little, but his breath left him a second time as soon as he saw Mr. Tony shaking before he fainted, causing Harley to freeze before letting out an alarmed cry followed by Peter who screamed and rushed toward Mr. Tony with tears in his eyes…
Oh God, why? Why does the universe hate him? Why does the world hate him? Why does his company hate him? What did he ever do? Other than continuing his family legacy, Tony knew he fucked up by continuing to make weapons (But that was mostly Stane's manipulation and him trying to make his dead/zombie parents proud) but Tony regret it and was trying to repent for years now; so, why? Oh merciful Lord, why was he getting punished with an Addams of all the cruel things in the world?
"He is nice and all, but I already have a girlfriend, Ma," Bucky said only to be answered by an angry growl, which made him wince.
"So this is what you have become…" The Omega hummed and Tony had to stop himself from shivering after hearing the Omega's voice after such a long time, he looked at the Omega as he removed himself from the door and start walking toward him until he was standing over him.
Harley huffed as he gazed outside of the window, crossing his arms together and resting his chin on them, pouting as he moved once more trying to get comfortable on the chair he was sitting on. His back was facing Peter and the terror that were the Coulson kids, ignoring how the three of them tried countless times to make Harley participate in their roughhousing and tiring games. It wasn't that, Harley hated playing with the three of them, in fact, he loved playing with those three sometimes, roughhousing and then sneaking away unnoticed and let them frustrated and search for him. Sometimes though, Harley just needed some time to sit alone and be left with his thoughts, wondering and thinking and trying to separate his chaotic thoughts into boxes so he can understand them better.
"Do you know what this is Tony?" Peggy asked with happiness shining in her eyes, making the Omega tilt his head in Steve's embrace to look at his aunt and father better, wondering what his aunt was thinking. "This is the Omega's ticket for finally being free of fear! For standing up like equals without fearing that they will be taken advantage of! Tony, you granted them their freedom!" Peggy laughed, happiness radiating from her in waves, mirrored by everyone in the room, and that made Tony's eyes widen at the realization, his heart fluttered in his chest at the meaning of those words…
His father aside, the thing that dominated most of Tony's mind was the town he was living in. On the other hand, Tony wanted to run away from the town, he wanted to run away and disappear from this place, least they changed their mind and decided to kill Tony. Angie spent that day reassuring him that he wasn't held a hostage in this town against his will, that any day he wanted he could leave and nothing bad would happen; Angie also told him more about the town and how nearly half the people who came here were abused people who wanted a fresh start.
"Mr. Rogers, you may want to sit down because what I am going to tell you may seem shocking at first." The man said which made Steve look at the man in confusion but he ends up sitting on one of the chairs in the living room looking at the man who put his briefcase on the table and opened it getting a few papers. "A few days ago Mr. Erskine died in an unfortunate accident, and as an old friend I am bond to do his will, and the old doctor had mentioned you in it." The lawyer said getting a confused look from the Omega.
Steven didn't pay that much attention to them as he rose up with a sinister look in his eyes that made everyone shift, even Anton. "It seems that you are not as bright as you used to be in this lifetime, Anton, so I will explain with the plainest terms so that your pea size brain will process." His remarks earned him a growl from Anton, a glare equal to the intensity of ten suns directed his way, but Steven did not offer it that much attention. "If a word, even the slightest of suspicion went to the wrong ear, that I, a star, landed on Midgard, it means not only my doom but the future of your world as well, if you do not want Midgard's annihilation to take place, then you will keep me being here a Secret." Steven hissed; his words led to a few of the so-called Avengers to furrow their eyebrows and stare at one another before turning their gaze to him.
Everyone can see how invested Steve was in the movies they saw, and everyone knows they were going to thank Peter for his good choice in movies tomorrow; Tony though, who was the closest to Steve was concerned. He can see the wistfulness in Steve's eyes when a wish came true, he can see the longing when the prince and princess kissed; what made Tony smile though and leave Steve be, was the happy smile that took over his face, every time the characters had their happy ever after. Tony spends the time watching Steve, even when a few movies ended and Peter fell asleep in Steve's lap; it was only after Peter crawls toward Tony and hides his face in Tony's neck murmuring 'Turn off the light.' That Tony realized what caught his attention from the start…
As Steve continued to suck the cock in his mouth, he felt Tony's hand in his hair; a signal that the Alpha was close. He slowly pulled off, taking time to swirl his tongue around the head before letting the cock slip from his lips. Tony reached down, pulling Steve up towards him to lazily kiss him. Steve knew this was a ploy to give Tony a break, for him to cool his down a little before they went any further, but Steve couldn't wait. He took Tony in hand and stroked a few times before lowering himself on the Alpha's cock. Both men let out a low moan as Steve continued to take more of Tony in until he was fully seated.
Tony's answer made Steve pause and smile happily a glen shining in his eyes. "I bow for thee, you won this battle but not the war." Steve said which made the Omega puff his chest in pride and wink at the giggling pup behind him…
"I didn't lie to you…" Tony said in a small voice that got him a snort from the Omega, it made Tony swallow and took a step back before he got his barrier together. "I never lied to you, everything I said was true, the only thing I changed was my name, I just wanted to be normal for once, gaining your love because I deserve it, not because I was a rich fucker, I just wanted you to see me for me!" Tony ends up shouting, which made Steve stop at that and turn to Tony.
Rogers did nothing but stayed quiet, seemingly to get closer and closer until he was in front of Tony, his cold freezing hands, holding Tony's face in them. "
"…A chance…" Tony finally said as he looked at the Omega with a pleading look hoping that the younger man will understand... that he wouldn't leave him alone in here and leave this place angry at Tony. "To make new memories… happy ones…" Tony left it at that because he can't say anything anymore, he knows that if he opened his mouth now he will probably chock on his breath.
Tony grumbled to himself as he hammered into the armor, growling when he saw a part of the armor being ripped off, it was all because of that stupid cat and its harder than steel bite. Tony actually couldn't believe that the cat was able to rip into his armor by using its teeth and claws.
"Drink, Tony." The Omega's voice made Tony look up from the cup, to look at the Omega, that sat across of him with a cup of his own, looking at the cup in deep thoughts, that made the Alpha take a shaky breath before he raised his cup blowing the tea taking a sip, gazing at the Omega every time he thought that Steve was not looking at him. "Tony… I can't do this all over again…" Steve sighed as he put his cup down looking at the Alpha with tired eyes, and that made Tony squeeze the cup tightly in his hands. "I have a child to think about, do you understand? A child who thinks that his father is someone else, a child who thinks that his father is away working in some mythical country, do you understand the place I am in now? Two to three years from now, when Peter asked me why his father didn't show up, what am I going to say to him, other than his father dying, or maybe you want me to tell him the truth, that way, he will hate you, tell me, Tony, what do you want me to do?" Steve asked which made Tony swallow and look at the Omega with glassy eyes full of tears, and Steve had to look away because he knows that he can't handle looking at Tony's face right now or his resolves will break.
"No, no, no, no, no, no! You are lying, you are lying!" Steve shrieked, refusing to believe these words no matter how much Peggy told him they were true. It's impossible, it's insane! Was Peggy telling him that all of his life with Tony from the start was a made-up dream? A lie his subconscious conjured? Was all of his life a lie from the start? His high school, his college, his personal life with his mother and father was a lie? It can't be! Peggy must be insane! No, he was probably the insane one because he was talking to a person who died years and years ago! Steve continued to shriek and scream, accusing Peggy of lying to him and that every little thing she said was not true. It didn't take a long time for the doctors and nurses to come in and try to sedate him so he wouldn't hurt himself, telling him gently to calm down and that everything is going to be fine (Liars!) when darkness took hold of his this time around…
Steve and Serpentine gazed at each other's eyes before giving a nod, a shiver ran down Tony's spine at the dark look both of them had in place, a look that informed Tony that what's going to happen next will be much worse than aliens in New York…
This time the Avengers didn't fall face first when they touched down on the land behind the Stark's mansion, their legs wobbled as they tried to keep steady, only Steven and Thor shrugged the whole thing like it was normal and walked to the mansion, pausing to wait for the other Avengers that finally regain the use of their legs once again.
Steve let out another sigh, grumbling to himself as he took his combat knife from his belt, stabbing the voodoo doll that came toward him intending to steal the crystal ball, the doll thrashed and shriek but Steve only rolled his eyes, taking the doll head in his metal hand and ripping it from the body, ignoring the agony screech that followed as the doll turned into ashes.
"Brother Banner, can you please heal him, my magic is not good to deal with such a delicate matter!" Thor called out frantically almost pulling 'Banner' to Steven, nearly throwing him at Steven's feet, which made the blond twitch, especially being treated like a useless weakling and having others being nearly hurt by that… Steven, as much as he hated to admit it he was scared because no matter how much he called for his magic it doesn't respond, not to heal him or for it to get rid of the stone that attached itself to him, and this… this was actually the first time Steven was injured in his life as beings like him don't gain injuries.
Tony sighed gently to himself humming as a smile took over his sleepy face, snuggling behind him toward the warmth that surrounded him. The soft breaths behind him, made his toes curl in pleasure and his heart to flutter happily in his chest, the Omega's hand made its way to caress the arm that was hugging him, pulling him closer to the large body behind him, nearly making Tony melt at that display of possessiveness.
Biting his lower lip to stop his lips from trembling, Steve put his hand in his light jacket, pulling out a small envelope, taking one picture, and hiding it in his pocket before turning to Tony, taking a deep breath, hoping that his voice won't break. "Congratulation, Mr. Stark." Steve said, thrusting the envelope in Tony's hands, causing the man to stop on his advance and gaze at the envelope in confusion. "You wanted to know the reason I was out, didn't you? Well, here it is. Now if you excuse me, I'm heading to bed, come and talk to me when you cool down." As fast as he can Steve walks away, begging his shaky legs to hold him up until he was out of sight before they collapse, causing him to be humiliated more than he already was.
After thinking and going back and forth with himself, Tony realized that maybe; just maybe he could create an armor, a shield that will protect the earth from Thanos and any other attack that will befall them. In theory, the plan was full proof, even when he talked with Bruce about it, his friend seemed excited with his plan; just the thought of the A.I. working, made Tony's breath hitch, it was the ultimate plan that will protect and save everyone from Thanos and his army.
"So you brought slaves?" The one with dark skin 'Jamti' said which made Steven turn his face toward the man and glared at him with the power of a thousand suns, which made the Alpha raise his eyebrow and look at the king, who was glaring at the Omega causing the Omega to direct his glare to the foolish king, no one knows how long the two of them glared at each other hoping that the other will burst into flames, but by the end of their match everyone was shifting uncomfortably away from the two.
By ten p.m. everyone waved both Steve and Tony goodbye and head to their homes promising that they will come tomorrow morning something about a trip to the park to celebrate their engagement some more; that left Steve and Tony alone, poor Peter, he spent all day playing with the rest of the children that he fell asleep not an hour ago followed by the rest of the kids.
"Are you married?" Steven asked which made the woman glance at Rhodey who was looking at Steven with narrow eyes like he was about to attack him.
"What I can say, Tony? The poor boy had it harder than even Peter when you first brought him in." Betty sighed causing Tony to frown as he realizes what she meant by that. "His father abandoned him and his mother when he was four, and his Omega mother pours all of her misplaced anger on him. Child Protective Serves took him away from her three years ago, by the time we finally rescue him he had been through ten foster homes, and half of them were as bad as his mother, as for the other half, they don't even know how to handle a child with his background." Betty grumbled, unhappy with the situation at hand, Tony was too, for his mind start going over and over many different ways to help the boy.
For those who got confused by my wording of the time. In medieval times most peasants or farmers would not have had a great need to know precisely what hour it was and would have divided their day according to the passage of the sun (They mostly deal with hours, their times don't have minutes in it considering that it was near impossible for them to know the specific time). I used the time used for the monastic communities but by no means, this meant that there is a monastic religion in the fic considering that Vikings worshipped their Gods from Asgard. I just use this time because it will be easier than using sand clocks, water clocks, and a well-trained biological clock, the earliest clock in history was made in the 1320s and it was an astronomic clock.
"Fuck you!" Steve hissed, growling as he walked away from Tony ignoring how the two Alphas followed him, Tony with wide eyes and Bucky with an uncomfortable look. "I am going to stay at Natasha, don't call me, don't talk to me, don't even come and visit unless you are ready to go to couple therapy or it's about divorce." Steve snapped, finally finding his car's keys and leaving the house, ignoring how he was leaving the house with nothing on his back other than his pajamas. Fuck Tony, fuck Howard, fuck Pepper Potts, fuck the stalker and everyone out there, and most importantly, fuck Steve for being an idiot who always gets betrayed and cheated by the people he thought loved him and were his family.
Making his mind, Steve went to Bucky and stood beside him, giving the man a small smile when the Alpha blinked at him in surprise. "There are people from the security company as well as the cops milling around, be careful or they will swipe you away." Bucky offered helpfully, which caused Steve to smile at the man and thank him; Bucky was helpful enough to point everything out to him, unlike his husband who was snapping orders left and right, making Steve wince.
The next day Steven couldn't even make his babe stay still in one place too long, the poor pup was over the moon when he learned that they were going to see Margaret and everyone else that he nearly ran out of the house if Steven hadn't stopped him, but the Omega can't fault the small boy, after all, he was feeling the same, he too wanted to run toward where his friends were, but may it be, they are to wait for someone to come and take them to the place his friends were staying.
When the armor pulled his body in a hug, Steve didn't know what to do other than stay still, the sound of something being pulled and then the feeling of Tony's face hiding in his neck, and the fresh scent of him made Steve shake, though he stood still as he felt teardrops wetting his neck, he could only standstill… he always imagine his meeting with Tony after so many years, he imagined screaming at the man for being a shitty father, for being a liar of an Alpha who left Steve after promising to never leave his side, he imagine punching the man hard on the face hoping to break a tooth or more, for killing Bucky, for making his baby cry when his child did nothing but look up to him, and loving him even when he didn't know him that well… but Steve couldn't see himself doing any of this, he could feel nothing but emptiness, he just shivers and leans on the armor, letting Tony cry on his shoulder even when he has no right, because where was he when Steve needed a shoulder to cry on?
It was a few seconds later that the sound of breaking glass, made Tony and Steve flinch, and then Steve let out a shout of alarm when the sound happened once more, but closer this time; turning around Steve's eyes widen when he saw realize the office window lying in broken pieces on the ground. Tony snarled and ran toward the window, looking outside trying to catch the person who threw the rock that was now lying near the bookshelf.
"With all due respect, I love him, sir…" Steve hissed at the man for doubting him, but the older man only snorts at Steve which made the Omega hold himself from attacking the man.
That night, he shines brightly which made Anton look at him with a huge smile, he shines brightly, even as Anton closed his eyes, breathes hitching in his old chest, and he shines… until Anton stopped breathing completely, and when morning came and Anton's apprentice finally found his cold body…
"It's Daddy! Daddy, going to eat you if you said his name wrong again~" Tony laughed, nuzzling his baby's chubby cheeks, ignoring the squeaks and squeals Morgan let out as she laughed and tried to free herself; his baby was a fast learner, making Tony proud that the girl in his arms could already walk and talk, though what Tony doesn't appreciate is being called 'Mama' when Tony never ever once spoke that word in front of his daughter, making him concern about the whereabouts of her picking that word.
No matter what Steve did, no matter what time of the day it was, he always continued to hear that voice, taunting him, begging him, demanding something from him… it was like whoever it was that was singing, was taking its revenge on Steve. Like it was torturing him, for abandoning whoever it was… and Steve may have an idea who it was…
"You think you can order me around when you have nothing to trade to save your people, who are you fooling, my queen?" The Alpha said mockingly which made the Omega grip the bars tightly, nearly throwing himself at the Alpha once again to catch the foolish king and kill him this second.
"Thor, please don't push me around, I don't think you will like it if the other guy came out and start smashing." Banner warned, which made Thor wince, and then his face paled when his eyes fell on Steven, making the blond close his eyes tightly, wishing that this was all a nightmare he will wake up soon from. "Hmm, he is going to be OK, it was just a sprained ankle, so don't worry it will heal in one to three weeks." Banner explained after he took Steven's exposed and injured foot and start inspecting it, it was only a few minutes later that the man finished wrapping it.
Steve didn't know how he finally managed to reach his car, ignoring Bucky's concerned voice as he tried to sway Steve to come back inside, and definitely ignoring Tony's pleas and apologize, not wanting to stay one more minute to hear Tony beg and try to act innocent only to go back to how he was before. It was way past midnight, the roads were dark, and Steve didn't even know how he managed to reach Natasha's apartment without having an accident or something. Everything was a blur, was it because of the tears Steve was shedding or because he was feeling tired or sleepy, Steve didn't know he only knew that he had to reach Natasha before he ended up having a major accident.
It was strange; so strange that Tony acted this spontaneously with Steve after everything happened between them. It was true that Steve had warmed up to him, just like he had warmed up to Peggy, Bucky, and Peter, but it was never to this extent, even if someone was to call them friends, they weren't close enough to be in this level of closeness yet, but still, Tony didn't care, he thinks it was time that he can finally take the title of Steve's best friend without fear of Steve flipping out on him like he used to before they had that heart to heart months ago.
Steve laughed a little as Becca chased Peter around the place, smiling a little when Mr. Barnes caught the boy making him squeal at that and try to get out of the Alpha's grasp before being tickled, which he failed, and now was being ticked from both Mr. Barnes and Becca causing the pup to let out a shriek of laughter. It had been two weeks, two weeks since Steve saw Tony for the first time, since he saw Bucky for the first time, and it seemed that Bucky 'Forget' to tell him that he told his family about him finally finding Steve once more after the Barnes family knew about him and Peter and where they lived, they came here dragging Bucky by the ear as they scold him about preventing them from visiting Steve sooner, which made the Alpha pout and for Steve to laugh, ever since the Barnes family arrived at his home three days ago they refused to leave or more of Steve not wanting them to leave because he finally saw his family after so long.
Don't get Anton wrong, he was happy that his son was finally making friends and enjoying his boyhood, in a village that wasn't very acceptant of him; it's just, Anton wanted his son to at least spend some time with him to talk about the exciting adventures his boy went through in his exploring. It wasn't that Petrus didn't show in the workshop every Fredag so the two of them could talk about their week, it was just his son was too distracted to even focus on him. (2)
Tony has quit his job as Iron Man (Temporary, even if he deny it, but Steve knows better), spending every free time he has with Peter and Steve, refusing for the two to leave his sight even for a second, which was both frustrating and sweet, occurring to Steve that is; occurring to Peter, this was the best thing ever!
"Are you OK, Steve?" Tony's voice made the Alpha bite his tongue last he snapped at the Omega behind him, he turned to see Tony looking at him with concern look on his face. The Alpha didn't know why Peggy's nephew always chase him, or in truth, he knows why, but always gets annoyed at and ignored, after all, didn't Tony understand that he was already mated to the love of his life? He didn't want another mate, another Omega that will weight him down, he is not like Peggy who pulled herself together after her husband's death, but Peggy had forty years to swallow it up and pull herself together, not like Steve who only woke up last year after crashing the plane down, it was only two weeks before that since he saw his mate fall to his death.
"Don't bring him into this, that's cheating, especially when you know he will agree with you, Steve." Peggy said, lips twitching up in a happy smile as she raises Peter who wanted in the ring, once Peter was inside he rushed toward Tony and jumped into his arms squealing happily when the Omega start kissing his face.
, then we can go to your parents' villa and tell them about our wedding!" Steve exclaimed happily, stars sparkling in his eyes making Tony's twitch until what crazy Addams said made sense.
"He is dead Tony." Said Howard with a scowl making Tony look at him with an innocent look… far from it actually, he can hear Aunt Peggy sigh at that and shake her head, Angie was doing her best not to laugh.
Tony has to blink a few times at the answer he got, narrowing his eyes in disbelief as he got out of the labs, not without a bottle of holy water though, he was not an idiot to get out of his lab without some protection, he did pause before opening the door and took a sip of a cup filled with salty water, when he signed to Jarvis to open the door, he was greeted with the sight of a cute doll holding a scissor, which Tony spate the saltwater on, causing the door to shriek in pain and to fall apart before his eyes. "Jarvis, cross doll number 22." Tony called out hearing a ping confirming that Jarvis did just that, good. 22 dolls were destroyed, 185 left roaming the ground of his mansion.
"Greetings traveler, my name is Heimdall, it is an honor to finally meet you." The huge man said as he gave a little bow toward Steven. "If you will please follow me, I will take you toward the AllFather." The man took his sword off from the golden stage and start walking toward Asgard, which made everyone, follow him with Steven leading them.
"I'm not that type of a person Tony, you may be my fated mate, but that doesn't mean anything, I just hope the two of us can be friends, that's all." Steve said gently which made the Omega sigh and nod his head letting go of the pup and lowered himself to be able to carry his pup to bed.
That made him determined, and he always made sure to shine brightly when Anton was looking at the sky, mainly to inform him that he was not alone… no one deserves to be alone. So shining he did, and Anton seemed to have the knack of knowing where he was, sometimes he will find another spot to shine in and Anton will know that it was him! The old man will just turn to him with a smile and laughter hidden in his eyes.
"You are finally awake." A bored voice stated, and Steve tried not to let out an annoying sigh, mainly because it will hurt his dry throat that seemed rawer and drier than the desert, secondly, because he really didn't want to look ungrateful to the person who spoke to him after he saved him. "I thought you would have stayed asleep for weeks if not months.
"For God's sake, Tony; can't you for once, just for once, stop looking so far into the future that you can't focus on what's around you!" Steve's voice cracked and he tried desperately to stop the tears that clouded his eyes since his son fainted from running down his face. "You always look so far, but you don't realize that neither Peter nor I have a future! The two of us can only live in the here and now; we can't play pretend anymore when our son may never stand up and face tomorrow least of all, the future you always talk about! If you wanted the future you so desperately want, why the fuck didn't you invent a cure for Peter, huh? Why did you disappear for weeks only to show up empty-handed? Just talks no result that's the thing with you." It was a lost battle, and the tears that clouded Steve's eyes from the beginning start running down his face.
That got a smile from Steve, he was feeling lighter than before talking with his Ma. She always knew how to cheer him, and he was so grateful for his mother. "Thanks, Ma, I needed to hear that." Steve smiled when he heard his mother give a happy giggle, he relaxed slightly and frown when he saw that the sun about to rise, which meant he will be about to lose connection with his mother soon.
Steve let out a choked gasp as he tried to push the man away from him, letting out a scream when he heard a gunshot fearing that something happened to his baby… it was a few seconds later before the big man stopped moving and feel on top of the Omega, which made Steve cough and pushes the man away from him, gasping as he finally was able to gain his breath back, when he looked at the one who saved him, his breath nearly stopped…
Wanda and Vision were still out there exploring the world, Dr. Strange took it on himself to teach Wanda how to control her powers before she ends up doing something she will regret, so now she and Vision were in Kamar-Taj training new sorcerers in the ways of mystic arts.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Steven being scary and overprotect AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
That answer made Bucky whistle loudly then he starts laughing harder and harder by the second. "You were right Stark, he is your big boss." Bucky sniggered at Tony, that made the brunet Alpha hiss at him like an angry cat, causing everyone to look at the pair with amusement, though Tony couldn't help the hope and happiness that bloomed in his chest at the thought that Steve cared about him… maybe they can start over again…
"My… Queen…?" The king's concerned voice only made Steven bit the inside of his cheek harder until it started bleeding; at that moment Steven wondered if he can hate the king for causing his son's death if the Alpha was lied to by an oath breaker, or maybe the Alpha was lying? But why would the king do that when he must have known that Steven will do anything the king wished for if he told him that his son was alive and was here.
"C-come in then..." Steve stuttered as he opened the door for the man feeling a little bit shaking on the inside. "I am sorry for the mess, didn't have the time to clean…" Steve said after he closed the door, he rushed to the coffee table to collect his sketchbook and pencils.
Tony tried to lose himself in dinner, trying to smile and give his input now and then, listening to Peter's chatters as he jumped in his chair, feeding his shirt more that he fed himself, which made the Omega give a pained smile that he had to hide behind his glass as he gazed at the pup, wiping his face clean with his handkerchief when they were done with dinner.
"I know darling..." Steve hummed kissing him breathless, leaving Tony panting and huffing when the Alpha pulled back. "But will you take it against me, if I told you that you looked hot while angry?" The Alpha asked cheekily, causing Tony to huff and gasp when his Alpha turned them around until Tony was on his back on the couch…
Looking around him, Steve let out a sigh when he saw Bucky standing in the corner away from the cops who made it their mission to search everything top to bottom which was so unlike what Steve expected; maybe it was because his husband was a Stark? After all, Steve knew that the Stark family has many connections all around the place and won't hesitate to use them.
The old man in the supermarket asked Steve why he was there, he asked Steve to go back home… part of Steve wondered what the older man meant by that; Steve wondered if the older man knew that this was going to happen and that's why he was trying to make Steve return back home.
Steve didn't know how long he stood in the living room, but in the end, his legs gave up and he fell on his knees, Steve wonder's in the back of his mind if he was having an asthma attack when his vision became blurry, but the wet feeling on his cheeks told him that he was crying, he raised his head to look at the ID card that was lying a few feet away from Steve, and the Omega had to bite his lips to stop them for letting the sobs out…
Steve sighs a little and returned to pack his lover's bag, his fiancé didn't talk about his family, nor home, but when he did, Steve always paid special attention to the Alpha, and from what Steve gathered, Anthony's father was not the kind of a person you will want to be in his presence for more than five seconds, because he either hates you or tolerate you, and it seemed that his fiancé was in the middle of his father's scale which made Anthony want to be as far away from the older Alpha as he can, but for the elderly Alpha to ask Anthony to do the presentation, it meant that he was finally acknowledging his son's hard work, all those sleepless nights Steve will find Anthony in his lab (Which was nothing but a spear room in their apartment) hunching over some machine, working his ass off for his father had finally paid off.
"Pete stowy…" He said tiredly making Tony let out a breath at that. So his baby wants to hear his story, Tony nearly laughed at that and broke down crying.
Bucky stood up in front of the house, blinking his eyes at what he saw, he remembered when he was young, maybe he was seventeen? He and Steve were so inseparable that their parents always talked about them ending up as mates, and fates seemed to take their sides when Bucky presented as an Alpha and Steve as an Omega… Bucky had hated himself so much every time Steve looked at him hopefully like the Alpha was going to ask him out any minute now, that hopeful look turned into a sad understanding that Bucky was never going to ask Steve out, that the two of them will never mate, that they will never live in a white fence house and have children and stay together until they were old and grey like how their parents always talked about. Bucky always hated himself for feeling relieved when he enlisted in the military, or when the Omega sent him a letter about falling in love with the Carbonell boy…
"I am fine, Peg…" Steven murmured as he left to his room without looking around, ignoring the team that was looking at him with worried eyes and concern faces… he needed to get out of here, he needed to get out of here while ignoring his counterpart because Steven was sure that he will kill his counterpart because he couldn't kill himself.
Tony would have continued to believe in that, he would have forced himself to believe in it too if it wasn't for the next two… surprises he received. The kind of surprises that made Tony presses his lips tightly together, either to surpass his horror or laugh like a manic at the sight of. Needless to say, that week, Tony didn't feel bored at all.
"That's my grandson!" Howard crooned in pride in the background followed by everyone, which made the pup's eyes widen even more and for a grin to take over his face as he looked at his mother like he couldn't believe his eyes, though Tony was having a hard time holding in his laughter, especially when Steve turns around on the floor to lay on his stomach and lay his cheek on his fist and look at the pup who was squealing in delight as he got all the attention from everyone, making Tony grin his thanks, causing Steve to give him a cheeky wink…
"'Ello, Pep, 'Odey…." The pup said as he waved to them which made the two of them shake harder and cry more, hugging him and his Mama tightly, it made Peter look around the room once more taking in the people around him. "Mama, 'here 's 'arvis, aunt peg, and aunt ang…" Peter asked when Pep and 'Odey let go of him, that made everyone look at him with teary eyes, and his Mama kissed his head and pointed at the people who were looking at them, it made Peter worry that they have something bad in their eyes, because why were they crying? It made Peter look at his Mama who was smiling happily, that made Peter pout and look around the room, grinning when he saw his Papa, smiling and waving at Peter. The pup wanted to call his Papa to come here, but the Alpha shook his head and pointed at the man that was smiling at the pup gently. "'Ello?" Peter said when the man stopped near him, making him smile happily when the pup didn't scream…
Tony shifted in his place and pasted a smile on his face, trying (And hard at that) to ignore the glares and the killing intent that was directed at him… a killing intent that came from everyone in the hall. OK, so even Tony can admit Steve was hot and handsome; Tony wouldn't even mind going more than a few rounds with the man and enjoy themselves… but for everyone in the hall to glare at him like they wanted to kill him because Steve enthralled them in his curse of love? That's a little too much even for Tony who tried to hide the disgust on his face when he saw General Ross checking Steve out, like EEEEEEEWWWWW! What the hell?
J's words got another curse from Tony, all the Avengers were with him in the workshops, wearing their gears, ready to leave any second Tony will provide them the go-ahead, they just need to find where Steven's location was. "What about you, Edith?" Tony asked desperately; he was still feeling guilty. If only he didn't leave when Steven ordered him to, then maybe the Hydra agents wouldn't have overwhelmed Steven and sedated him.
"Sit here, sir, do you want water, coffee?" Sam asked as he went to pour himself some coffee, but Tony only shook his head at the offer, preferring to go into business as soon as possible. "So what I can help you with Mr.…?" Sam asked as he took a seat with his coffee mug.
"Yeah! I put ever sweet with blueberry in it!" Peter chirped happily which made an amused smile stretch over both Steve and Tony's faces, so that's how. The harsh knocking on the door made Tony and Steve frown; Tony though, already had a feeling that he knows who was knocking on the door so he stood up and went to open the door. Just as Tony expected a frazzled Betty was standing outside of the door with dark bags under her eyes.
As all of you know, I published four more stories last month, check them out and tell me what you think!
"I really wanted to say, no, but this is the opportunity of a lifetime, Steve!" Anthony said breathlessly after he stopped beside the bed making Steve caress his right cheek, which made the Alpha sigh in content and blink his eyes. "I still can't believe that my father gave me this opportunity Steve, my father usually refuses for me to go and give presentations or even leave the labs… this is… I can't believe it… do you think I should cancel it? I mean I am not ready right?" Anthony asked with shaky hands.
His mother and Angie had left this morning, they both have important jobs to attend to, his mom refused to leave him at first, it was until Tony begged her to just leave and go home to rest and shower and Jarvis promised to stay here with Tony that Maria and Angie left, all of his family had spent this three weeks attached to his bed, and it made feel like an invalid, like the weak person he was, it made him hate himself a little bit more.
Tony's heart was pounding in his chest, his breath hitched and his face was probably red from embarrassment but Tony wanted to stay like this forever.
Tony was not an idiot, he was far away from one, he knows what he was throwing himself into when he and Steve start dating, the first month spent with the two talking about their relationship and what the two of them hoped to achieve with a relationship between the two of them… the two of them even promised that whatever happened between the two of them, will not affect Peter in any way, shape, or form, they were adults, they know how to not involved innocent children in their affairs contrary to what Sarah Rogers thinks of… the Omega doesn't even know why the older Alpha was overprotective of the pup and her son, the Omega tried to understand, but the woman seemed to dislike him no matter how much he tried which was strange because she seemed to like him before he start dating her son, usually, Steve will spend the night after having dinner with his mother to try and justify her actions, but Tony thinks that the reason that of all the Rogers family problems was… Steve's first mate…
Tony was so, so afraid; he was scared to death of losing the love of his life, the only person who made him feel like he was worth something, made him feel like he was good. Tony was afraid of losing his son, the boy with too much life burning in his eyes and soul, but with a weak body that tried to kill him every chance it has. Tony was afraid of being left alone, of being left alive while both his love and child are dying in front of his eyes without him being able to do anything.
By this point Steve had had enough, as he marched to Tony's room with his pillow and blanket in one hand, Goose was trailing behind him purring at the thought of finally having an uninterrupted nap like in this past three days. Reaching Tony's room Steve took a deep breath as he tried to gather all of his courage as he knocked on the door waiting for Tony to open the door as this was not bedtime for both Tony and the pup.
?" Serpentine asked in a horrified voice, and Tony was a little unbalanced by the woman's words, what? What did he say wrong?
Steve was really excited about the idea of going with Tony and Peter to the park, he really wanted to go with the two of them and enjoy his time with them, he really wanted that; playing with Peter and Tony in the park, seeing their world when the sun paints it with its light, enjoy the morning breeze and the flowers and the laugh and happiness that will follow.
Tony grabbed two handfuls of Steve's ass, pulling his cheeks apart as he quickly drove his cock into the Omega, once, twice, before he let out a strangled groan. He came for what seemed like five solid minutes, driving deeper and deeper as Tony's knot started to swell. Right before he'd grown to full size, Tony pulled Steve down, kissing his harshly swallowing Steve's shout's as the Omega releases as he felt Tony's knot locking inside him.
/Warning/: this chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, a little smut, everyone being protective AF, violence and blood, character death, and a surprise! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
It was a few seconds later that Peggy found them, her eyes getting wide as she ordered Bucky to take him to their home, not that Tony would have opposed that or protested with the action, for he was too drained to do anything but follow Bucky whose gentle hands guide him to the man's house; Tony didn't know how, but he ended up taking the sofa in the living room of the Barnes-Carter household, a thick blanket surrounding him, trying to warm his body that was shivering not only from cold but from the terror that was still coursing through his body.
"Because six months after his birth, he and his adopted family were killed in a car accident!" Howard's voice cracked as he said the next sentence making Tony shout at that in rage.
Most patients would go into a state of PTA or post-traumatic amnesia, which is described as a state of confusion that occurs immediately following a traumatic brain injury (TBI) in which the injured person is disoriented and unable to remember events that occur after the injury. Most patients although awake, are still in a coma and whatever they dreamt would be very real to them; they wouldn't be able to tell the difference between dreams and reality. For someone to be in PTA for less than 24 hours, it is categorized as a mild traumatic brain injury, moderate is 1-7 days, and severe is anything more than seven days. I hope I managed to help with this explanation, and give as much accuracy to what coma patients go through when they wake up
His little babe seemed to share the same thought like him, for the small boy kept glaring at everyone they pass with a dark look on his face, probably promising them a punishment of some kind; not that Steven would let James do that because he will pull the boy's ears off if he does something as stupid as this. Something that his babe no doubt knew, especially after the many risky plans he nearly did in the Hydra household.
"I am going to kill him." Tony hissed to himself as he kicked his suitcase to put it in the position to activate not even thinking or caring about the high tech that needed to be deal with cautions. All Tony cares about now was putting holes in Howard's useless body, how dare he? How dare that fucker lie to him? How dare he destroy his and Steve's life?
"They will find no notes; after all, he is dead for all we know…" Peggy said as she closed the file in front of her pushing it away from her as she hummed to herself lost in thoughts about what she is going to do, her mind going into overdrive at what is going to take place from now own.
The sound of the desperate meowing coming from the box and Rogers frowning and shushing it after shaking the box harshly broke Tony from his frozen state, and he rushed to take the box out of Rogers's hands. "Are you crazy? It's still alive!" Tony cried out as he opened the box to free the cat, squeaking and letting go of the box when he saw what could be qualified as roadkill inside of the box, looking at him with dead yellow eyes before standing on its legs and run as fast as it can on its broken spine, which was really fast if Tony has to say so.
"Do not feel like this; I never wanted the child in the first place." Steven said, feeling like he was forced to drink poison after saying those words with how bitter they felt while leaving his mouth. "What happened to those who attacked me?" Steven finally asked, planning on going after them and killing them one after the other, ignoring the laws of this village if it meant getting his vengeance and pride back.
"H-he… he killed m-my baby…" Steve sobbed, shivering as every sob he let out wrecked his body, the memories of Bucky crashing into his car was still as clear as crystal in his mind. "W-where is Tony? W-where is my husband?" Steve asked, wanting to know where was his husband when he needed him, wondering how his husband would leave him alone with Bucky when the man killed their daughter in cold blood.
And Tony agreed that he couldn't keep the baby, he couldn't take care of himself half of the time! He doesn't need a baby in the mix. His work was dangerous; inventing weapons for SI was no small fate, he had to beg his father for days hoping the older man will see that Tony had grown up, that he wasn't a child anymore, that he could be as good as his father, that his graduation of MIT at the age of sixteen meant something. His father didn't want him to work at first, fearing something would happen in the labs and Tony would get hurt, as much as it made a lump sticking in his throat just by thinking of it, Obadiah Stane was the one who convince his father that it was OK for Tony to work with them.
"It is too late Mrs. Carter…" Tony bite the inside of his cheek as he turned his head, ignoring the sad look Peggy was sending him… it was too late… "Leave…" Tony gritted through his teeth, getting angry when Bucky and Peggy refused to move even after he ordered them. "Leave!" snapped Tony, taking the closest thing near him, which was the file that contains everything he managed to gather on Steven Rogers and throw it at them, ignoring the shocked look on Peggy and Bucky's face when the file hit the floor, exposing what was in it from the start.
Anton traced the star on the Shield, his mind going over what the small pup told him not a day ago. A story with truth to it, or an over-exaggerated one; a question that is hard to answer. But the truth in all of this was, someone tried desperately to prevent Steven from getting his hand on this strange Shield. A strange Shield that Anton tried to melt for the metal that would be of use, only to be baffled about how the metal stayed in shape no matter how much Anton raised the heat, no matter how long he left the metal overnight; the Shield stayed intact, the only thing that burned was the leather strap behind the Shield. After seeing numerous failed attempts, Anton had decided on putting the Shield in the corner, deciding that if the metal won't be extracted and use to make a better Shield. A Shield that was so small that it couldn't protect the whole body, so smooth that a sword can slide over the metal and injure its user; a Shield with no wood in it or some other engraving other than a star was no Shield to his people, it was better as a fruit bowl or a basket than a Shield.
Leaving the doctor's office building, Steve stood still when he noticed Tony rushing toward him and Bucky; seeing his husband at this moment, made all the happy feelings that Steve felt since knowing that he had a girl disappear, leaving him with the harsh fact of his husband not being with him. "Steve!" Tony called out as he stood in front of the Omega, making Steve shift in his place, and took in his husband who was wearing a fancy suit and seemed to be collected and not out of breath as he should be.
"P-pup?" Peggy's voice cracked as she said this word, making Steve swallow at the fresh wave of tears that fell from Peggy's eyes.
So as Tony said, life with Rogers was a weird one, not because of the screaming that came from his room in the middle of the night, not because of the blood that would paint the mansion's walls came sunset, not the fake (he hoped they were fake) body parts that will be found all around the mansion, and the blood trails and broken windows… no, Tony got used to it after living with the man for two months, he even got used to (no, not Barnes, that man doesn't deserve his respect when he kept glaring at him like a five years old child every time Rogers' gaze turned to the engineer) Bucky always swooning over Rogers every time the man breathed.
Shrugging, Steve threw his messenger bag in the back seat before turning to the envelope and picking it up. Steve ran his hand gently through the red envelope, gazing at the red star in the middle with a thoughtful look. Turning the envelope in his hands a few times; Steve sighed and decided to open the envelope.
A place where Steve is happy and healthy and alive, a place where Steve never suffers because of his mistakes, a place where his baby boy is healthy; where his boy is running around the place like any child his age without fear or pain or hurt.
"I am sorry!" Harley suddenly shouted startling Tony and causing his eyes to widen when he saw the tears starting to run down Harley's face. "I am sorry, I was the one who broke the glass; Peter didn't pump into me he just said it to protect me; I tripped, and I… I am sorry, please, don't punish Peter, he didn't mean to lie." Harley trembled as he starts babbling, saying '
"Bored, Mama, the mentors the king appointed gave me a thousand books to read!" James tried to say his words like a grown-up adult as best as he can, something that always made Steven's heart shrivel in his chest, mainly because his child was forced to act like an adult before his time, not allowed to play and enjoy his life, imprisoned in his house, not allowed to go outside until he was sent for war… Steven's eyes traced the scar on his son's eyebrow, a scar he gains when he was only four years old, going up and down the stairs to try and amuse himself, having endless energy and not allowed to play… the slap that Johann gave his baby when he found him still echo in Steven's mind every time he closed his eyes, his child never dared to try and play after that, only spent his days with the mentors the king brought.
The sound of screaming and laughing children coming from the backyard, made a soft smile paint Tony's lips, a chuckle leaving him as he caressed his belly before continuing to fill the bowls of chips, before Harley coming to swoop the bowls away, giving Tony a soft glare when the Omega tried to carry them; thanks to Steve, Tony was benched from even carrying a tissue paper least it strained him and hurt the baby, the sentiment seemed to be mirrored by Harley and Peter who became overprotective of him just like Steve.
"What did you think you were doing Anthony?" Peggy finally said and Steven had to stop himself from snapping at the woman for how she was treating Tony, but the man knows that the woman won't do this unless she had a very good reason for it. "Twenty! You are just twenty years old, a child! And you are courting him? A mentally unstable Alpha who will run to his mate the second he finds him and leaves you alone!" Peggy snapped, and Steven didn't even scowl at her for letting the secret of Bucky being alive slip, he was just shocked by the news he was told, that Tony was twenty years old… if that was true, then where are Maria and Howard? The two of them should be alive, but they are not here, he guesses he will ask Peggy later.
It was two days later that Tony finally dared to go to see Steve, mainly because he was afraid that the Omega will carve his eyes with a plastic spoon and never allow Tony to see his son after the stunt Howard did, though he still took pleasure in the black and purple nose that Howard was sporting because damn! The Omega only doubled his punching power since the last time he saw him, it made Tony shiver at the possibility of Steve saving that punch for him, he really should thank his lucky stars that Steve didn't punch him… yet.
Tony's breath hitched and his eyes widen when they fell on the scattered articles from the 7th of May 1968, it couldn't be; did Tony really found what he was looking for? "Tony?" The faint call of his name caused the hair on the back of Tony's neck to stand on its end, looking around wildly, Tony didn't see anyone in the archive with him which meant that Tony still have a few minutes to make a run for it before he was caught… but running away meant that Tony would lose his only chance in knowing what happened to the Rogers family and the house he was living in, Tony's heart drop as he gazed at the articles…
Tony hummed as he walked toward the front door, already making a sarcastic remark if it was really Rhodey on the other side; opening the door, the breath rushed out of Tony when his eyes stilled on the person on the other side, his eyes widening, it has been nearly three years since the last time he saw his father, three years without making any contact with the man until now, and seeing the man, after all, that time made Tony's emotions fly all around the place.
"Is it a quiet day?" When the woman asks with a touch of indulgence Tony has to close his eyes tightly at that, knowing already that the woman was going to wound him today. She always pauses briefly as if waiting for a response, and then she adds. "Can we talk…?" And the subjects usually varied but by the end of the day it will make Tony's eyes became glassy and he will always hate himself for how weak he was, crying at the mention of his nightmares, going out of the room to seek his pup and holding him tightly so the nightmares he felt will go away.
"Wait, you are trying to tell me that you died? How is that even possible?" Bruce said in confusion as he looked around the room at the confused faces, he could see Natasha preparing to attack the stranger when she saw him break through his shackles like they were tissues.
That question made the kid pause a little, which made Tony think of different scenarios for the kid's silence. "Mommy is working." The boy said then he nods his head as to confirm that, it made Tony pause a little and swallow.
"No, it doesn't work like that, but it will be the first step to recovery, the rest… well, it depends on you, and how strong your will is, it is another step for Peter too, it will teach him how to be strong, the pup needs you, Tony, he needs you to show him that he can be strong…" Steve said which made the Omega sighed at that and look at his pup who was purring loudly now that he sniffed his father's scent.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, a little bit of violence; Steve is so in love, and poor Tony! And we will meet surprising characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Why you…" Tony growled at the man and nearly attacked him if it wasn't for Peggy holding him back while giving him a look that shut him up. "His name is
"What happened?" Tony asked, already pressing his lips tightly, holding his baby in his arms when she made grumbling noises and snuggled into his chest, his mind already trying to imagine what happened to someone who everyone in the town thinks nothing but good things of.
"True. But that doesn't mean your son's mate is the same." Jarvis turned to Howard, giving him a harsh look that ordered him to open his eyes and gaze at Tony and Steve once more, but this time with more care and understanding. "If he was, his last words wouldn't be him begging for Tony to take care of their son, their sick son I might add, who was sick for two years without someone to support him other than his own sick mother." The accusing tone Jarvis used did nothing but make Howard scowl darkly.
Tony looked at the flowers in his hands, jumping on his feet nervously, wondering what Steve will do once he saw Tony holding his favorite flowers for him, especially when it wasn't even the flower's season to bloom… today, Steve told him that May, Steve's neighbor, and friend, was going to babysit Peter, something about the woman missing the small boy, and who wouldn't miss such a precious bean that brightened everyone's day?
No, no, this wasn't what happened last night! Steve wanted to scream at Tony, he didn't pass out just because his husband mentions alcohol, that didn't happen. His husband returned home drunk, he was drunk and he made a pass at him and Bucky tried to stop him and the two of them fought. Yes, that was it. None of what Tony said was true, even if it somehow explained how Tony didn't sport the broken nose and black eye that Bucky gave him. Steve suddenly stood up, causing Tony to give a distress noise and stand after him, but Steve ignored him even when he felt faint all of sudden, he had to go and find Bucky, the other Alpha was with him last night, he will confirm what happened last night, he will tell him if Tony was lying to him, and Steve swears if Tony was lying, Steve was going to divorce him on the spot. "Bucky!" Steve called out happily when he saw the man in the kitchen sitting on the breakfast island, staring at the cup of coffee in his hands.
Tony hummed happily as he signed another paper before putting in in the complete stack, wondering if he can book it and live in his penthouse until the end of time; but that meant Steve searching for him and finding him and turning his lovely tower into the ugliest building out there. Tony won't have his employees running out of the tower because Steve decided that his tower was the best place to do a recap of the movie 'Mama' hell no!
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, a little bit of sadness, creepiness, smut, and poor Stevie! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"P… P-Peggy?" Steve's voice cracked as he called his friend's name, wondering if he was losing it somehow or he was dead from the start… his friend was here… his big sister was here… hearing his voice Peggy raised her head from the book in her hands with wide eyes, jumping to Steve's side as soon as she realized he was awake.
"Wanna go home…" Peter said as he saw his mother help him with his socks and shoes, the pup then gets off of the medical table after Steve helped him down, trying not to wince as he walked, knowing that his mother can't carry him anymore now he was ten, and he didn't want his mother to tire himself and have an asthma attack if he carried Peter's weight. "I wanna Oreo ice-cream." Peter said which made Steve nod his head and smile at the pup, kissing his forehead before getting out of the examination room.
Their king ruled with an Iron fist, just like his namesake, the thing that he hated more than the Hydra king himself were rapists, those who take their pleasures without the other party consenting to it, unlike other tribes of their people, their king kill rapists… their first and second raid on the southern lands, they were immature, they killed, they raid and they won… and they were elated, but all of that vanished when their king saw one of their people forcing himself on an Omega, a young one by everyone's standard, still had that baby's fat to his face and still didn't have his first heat… the king went mad after that, made sure to kill the traitor before their eyes, and hang his head from a spear, a reminder for all of them about what he will do if anyone dared to do this again… the Omega, after screaming at them for being monsters, barbarians, beasts, killed himself… everyone still remembers the youngster's face, and Nattalegg was sure that the boy's words were what made everyone despise forcing themselves on others… and it was strange for Nattalegg, to see that she learned this lesson from a child she was supposed to have no sympathy for, but life gave you harsh lessons wither you liked it or not…
Peggy was better than he thought, and the blond slowed himself down to see what her next move would be. Studying her fighting style was better than winning, and soon Peggy has woven her lithe body around his and put him in a headlock. She doesn't need to be strong to pin him down, only clever, and she's got his arm held in such a way that he can't break free unless he uses raw strength to hurt her, but he wasn't going to do that, he would just let Peggy bask in her win.
"I… Tony… we… why didn't you say anything?" Peggy finally managed to gather herself enough to ask Tony the question that no doubt was running through both of the couple's minds; a question that had been running through Tony's mind ever since he held Morgan in his arms, ever since he accepted that his baby died and the girl that was put in his arms the day he woke up was her replacement.
' Tony couldn't help but smile every time he remembered that day. Steve was the one who talked with Sarah, and when Tony saw his husband that night, the tired look on his Alpha's face told Tony how Steve gets chewed and spite out by Sarah for having a 'Hero-complex' and dragging his family down like that; it took a few months for Sarah to calm down and listen to Steve and Tony's reasoning of why they wanted to adopt Harley. The rest of their friends followed later, finally deciding to accept Steve and Tony's decision, even if it somehow seemed a little on the rushed side if you asked any of them.
Steve promised himself that this would be the last time he will answer an unknown number; the next time he will either give the phone to Tony and make his husband track them, or he will give it to Bucky and enjoy the shouting match that will ensure, it was getting tiring and boring, maybe he should change his number? "Who the fuck is this?" Steve snapped, finally running out of patients. It was a few minutes later that Steve heard a chuckle at the end, and Steve gritted his teeth at that, this is it! He was going to wake Tony and demand his husband find the fucker at the end of this line.
"Who knows? All I can say that Thor has grown up." A soft smile took over Steve's face as he remembered the look Thor send him before going back home. "Now that Thor is away and you probably don’t have anything good to do, I was promised a shawarma by an annoying genius so..." A playful grin took over Steve's face when Tony snapped a sharp 'Hey!' his way…
The next time Tony woke up he was in a cell… a ten by ten padded cell at that, with a bathroom attached. Tony sits up slowly and gazes around the place, he frowns as he saw he was on a mattress that was on the floor. He stood up slowly as to not let nausea take over and also him not wanting to be in the same place as whoever put him. He went to the bathroom first, hoping to find something of use there… nothing other than a hole in the ground that can be no wider than a fist. No water tap no nothing… other than the stream of water falling from above from a broken pipe, which made Tony pause and looks up, thinking that whoever did this, was either an idiot… or someone who knew what Tony was capable of if he was left alone…
"You have nothing to explain Stark; your father did that for you a long time ago." Steve snapped, but he end up letting Tony enter the house as he went to the kitchen to continue preparing dinner. "Get your shoes off and sanitize your hands, germs are bad for Peter!" The Omega hissed at the Alpha, watching as he gets his shoes off and put it on the shoe rack, before using the hand sanitizer on the table next to the door, when he deemed the Alpha ready he let him come inside of the house, though not before giving him the cold shoulder.
"Soon, my love, soon…" Steve purred into his ear, letting out a delightful noise when they reached the grave, making Tony gulp, already knowing what they were going to face. (Zombies, ghosts, rotten corpses) "Soon, we shall take revenge on those who wronged you, starting with him." The look on Steve's face nearly made Tony faint; it was so scary that Tony thought of himself as an idiot for doubting that Steve was the scariest assassin out there.
"We are here…" The king said which made Steven stop in his tracks and look at the house in front of him, it was probably the biggest house in the whole village made from wood and stone and had a modern look to it similar to the southern palaces and their many rooms, not only was it big, but it was the farthest away from the center of the village, on the outskirts with the forest behind it, and Steven was sure if he wanted he could plant a vegetable and a fruit garden behind the house, and maybe he will see a well in the back garden too… such a beautiful house owned by such an arrogant character… fitting for a king… "You will follow the rules of the house, you do not, you get punished as simple as that…" Starkad said as he walked inside the house making the Omega follow him with a scowl on his face. "You wake up before dawn and you start cleaning with your brat, no ifs, no buts, morning meal better be served at Tierce and you make sure not to be late, after that you will return to cleaning the house, if you are done then you are to clean the gardens, then the stables, also wash the clothes and clean the furs and linings daily, and make sure to cook the evening meal at None, evening meals are shared either in the dining house, or near the fire pits so make sure you bring the ingredients with you, there are forbidden rooms you must never enter, and if you or your brat do you will be punished, the rooms are locked so do not think of opening them I will know…" Starkad said throwing Steven a pointed look which made the Omega glared at the Alpha. "The outhouse is not that far from here… you only get to sleep if you are finished with your chores, so do not think about slacking, you will take care of Petrus before taking care of your brat, and remember if you talked back you will be punished if you break anything you will be punished if you steal anything you will be punished, and if you tried to run away you and your little friends will all be punished, and that is a promise." The king said while he glared at the Omega causing the Omega to roll his eyes at him while biting his tongue in hope of not saying something he will regret.
"Thank you… oh…" Tony took the piece of paper with a soft smile, only for his smile to feel momently at what he saw. Like all children the pup's drawn was just scratches and sticky figures, but what made the Omega swallow tightly was the content of the drawing, because the pup draw himself holding the stick figure Tony's hand in one of his, the word hero was drawn on top of the stick figure that had the name 'Mr. Stark' on his supposed red shirt. "I… it's beautiful, I will make sure to hang it on the fridge as soon as I am home…" Tony said when he saw the pup look at him with teary eyes when the Omega froze like a solid statue for five minutes.
So after a lot of floating and chattering from Barnes, who took Rogers' cuffs and was talking to him like they were long lost friends who had just found each other after graduating college (The sparkling in Bucky's eyes made Tony doubtful at the label 'Friend') Rogers was then lead toward his room, with Tony crossing his fingers behind his back that the man will hate the room enough to run away when he sees it, Addams or not, the room Tony was able to create was disturbing as hell, even by his standard and he has seen a lot of weird shit.
Tony gazed at the lake his head tilted to the side; it was only a few seconds before he finds himself standing on the deck near the lake, gazing at the still water that looks black in the dark of the night, it was a little bit before dawn came and paint the still surface of the lake with oranges and yellows. "I have nowhere to go…" Tony whispered, not taking his eyes away from the inky blackness that was staring back at him. "I don't have a home to go to if you forced me out, this is the only safe place to raise her, please… just don't hurt her, I don't care if you hurt me, just not her." Tony closed his mouth, his mind going over the conversation he heard a week ago, disgust, fear, and pain warring inside his mind, and Tony wondered, if he will be forced against his will to bed whoever living deep in the lake if he wanted to keep his baby safe, it was true that he didn't plan for the child in his belly, nor he liked how she was conceived, but she was his, she was what kept him moving and kept his sanity intact.
"… I nearly forget, here." Tony said giving Steve an envelope, the Omega blink at him before looking at the envelope with wariness, taking it from the Alpha and opens it to read through it, Tony didn't know what happen, one minute Steve was reading the papers that informed of his debts being paid, about the future treatment for their son in Jarvis' hospital was already paid, and the next the Omega was having an asthma attack, Tony didn't know how that even happened but the Alpha act fast and got his inhaler from his suit pocket giving it to Steve who was having a hard time breathing.
Even helpless like a human, people of any kind and species seemed to forget that even with a human body, Steve was not as helpless as he looked; after all, Steve was a divine being with his own rights, a divine being that held vast magic that seemed to return to him day after day in little amounts. A pure form of magic that was unreachable and unmatchable in any domain in the universe, magic made stronger and more powerful by the presence of the Space Stone. Before being a human, Steve was an entity who was worshiped and feared by all those in the universe, an entity if wanted, can burn everyone who dared to cross him
Tony swallowed as he shuffled from leg to leg looking at the bouquet of red roses in his hands, swallowing a little before he got the courage to ring the bell, heart pounding in his throat at the possibility of Steve screaming his head off at him and kick him out of the house, and to be honest, Tony won't blame the Omega if he did that, he really won't, but he want his mate back, he wanted his mate and child back and he will do anything, absolutely anything to get them back.
Tony's blood ran cold in his vein, his breath freezing in his chest as he heard that voice… how? Just how? Without another second, Tony slammed the phone shut, holding Morgan tightly in his arms as he gazed at the landline like it was a beast about to attack him. Tears that Tony desperately tried to stop were finally running down his cheeks; denial and terror warring inside of his head at the realization of who he heard. Tony was sure he hadn't messed Rhodey's number, he was sure he dialed the right number, then how? How was it his father who answered him? Why was his father answering Rhodey's phone?
…But it seemed that Tony couldn't say the same thing about Pepper… as soon as the woman saw him she was like 'Oh,' and when Tony turned to her, his face pale when he was the shy flush on the woman's face as she gazed at the man with interest, which made Tony pale so much his face turned grey, it can't be! Noooo! Rogers was able to brainwash Pepper! "You are back,
"The bear…" The king stated, causing Steven to look at him in disbelieve that worked its way to anger as Steven glared at the man, planning on throwing the scratch-up wood at the man's face and snapping an
Reaching the front entrance to the mansion, Tony planned to go straight to the bed and sleep this horrible day, possibly stay in his room for the rest of his short life. Opening the door, Tony nearly turned around and run away from the sight in front of him, and Tony would have success if Steve wasn't behind him pushing him inside with his huge body, uncaring that he just signed Tony's death.
"How?" Peggy whispered, letting go of Bucky, the shock turning her limbs into a liquid that can barely hold her up. "Erskine disappeared years ago with the secret to making the serum; no one can replicate the serum, Howard, not even you, so how?" Peggy nearly starts shouting, it was by a miracle she didn't; not that Tony wouldn't have started shouting any minute now, the only person was stopping him was his mate who was holding his hand tightly like a lifeline.
"I see…" The woman said as she gazed at the young man in front of her who was looking at her with concern. "Do you… how did you met Dr. Erskine, if you don't mind me asking?" The woman asked taking a sip from her tea hoping that the warmth and the scent will relax her a little bit, she never thought that she will hear those words before… never thought she will hear the words 'Erskine' and Dead' in the same sentence, especially when the man seemed so invincible, but she should have known, after all, the man was seventy when she met during the serum testing.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, anxiety, fluff, Peter is a precious bean, Tony finally getting a chance with Steve and nearly blowing it up, and Steve is still a BAMF, and who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"Stane…" Tony spat, trying to appear nonplussed as he gave the man a sharp smile, trying to act like he wasn't shaking in his place a few seconds ago, like he wasn't scared of seeing the man who destroyed his life with his family, the one who turned his pup's life to hell, making him fear the only Alpha who loved him and Tony unconditionally. He was the reason for the Omega's crisis for the past month… Suddenly, anger and hate replaced the fear the Omega was feeling just moments ago, making the Omega stand taller and glare at the Alpha with all he had, daring Stane to do something… That caused the man to lose the smirk, a frown taking over his face, which Tony took as a victory, and that small victory gained the Omega the confidence he needed. Tony raised his head, the picture of arrogance as he walked toward Steve like Stane didn't mean anything, like he was equal the dirt on the bottom of Tony's shoes, and what he did to him wasn't a concern to the Omega. "There you are!" Tony exclaimed happily as he held Steve tightly, making the frozen man blink at that and gaze at Tony with wide questioning eyes, wondering why the Omega was here.
After changing and tucking Peter in bed, Steve went downstairs to see the Alpha sitting on one of the sofas lying his head on the backrest as he tried to blink his eyes open, too tired to keep them open much longer, which made the Omega look at the direction of the guest room… maybe…
It took the Omega a month before he finally broke, a month before he said enough was enough and drove all the way to SHIELD HQ, not telling anyone where he was going, just taking his car and his Nano-mask before he was out of the door, stomach twisted in knots all the way to SHIELD, wondering what the Alpha would do when he saw him, hoping that the man would let him explain.
Margaret stayed silent before she took a deep breath and gaze in his eyes. "They were executed, the king ordered them to be punished with something called… called… I think that James said it was the 'Blood Eagle'? I do not know what that meant, to be honest, but everyone ran inside their houses in fear after the king informed them of the punishment." Margaret said, causing Steven's eyes to widen and for a shiver of fear and disgust to run down his spine, and for a second he felt a little sympathy for those idiots who attacked him, for even Steven wouldn't wish that punishment on his worst enemy. "Five out of six were given that punishment, as for the last he had his hand cut by an ax, and was branded as an outlawed and kicked out of the village, James… he cut his hair, the king gave him the permission for it… I think? I do not know why everyone was shocked about the hair being cut." Margaret said which caused Steven's eyes to turn toward his baby with shock and pride, letting out a huff full of laughter when it finally sinks that those who hurt him were punished…
It was the first time that Tony was undone in such a way, the first time he was left as a breathless whimpering mess before they even started. Tony never knew that Steve even knows what sex meant, but that was silly of him to think like that, as far as Tony knew, Steve was a three thousand years old being, of course, he would know what sex meant and how to do it, especially when he no doubt saw a lot of people do it over the centuries. Even then Tony didn't realize that Steve would be like this; possessive and gentle, attentive as he gave and took, leaving Tony a mess by the end of their lovemaking.
"God, don't scare me like this again! I was ready to go and fight them both; Good Lord!" Tony grunt, huffing when Steve pulled him to his chest and start kissing him slowly, starting from his neck, to his cheeks, and ending his destination by taking Tony's lips; all the while Tony's toes curled as he tried to keep his moan as his husband's beard tickled him and scratched him in the most pleasant way… in the past month you can say that Tony started having a beard kink because of his husband… bad, bad Steve.
A snappish voice answered and Steve had to blink because one thing was for sure that was not his mother's voice, it actually sounded like… "Grandma Addams?" Steve asked uncertainly; frowning darkly wondering how in the name of the seven hells did the crystal ball connect grandma Addams and not his mother like he want it too, from the corner of his eyes he saw a doll running around giving a childish giggle and Steve knew how, Steve to snarl and throw a knife at the doll, which ended getting a shriek from the said doll as it was stabbed in the heart.
The next time Steven opened his eyes he let out a groan as the light assault his eyes, it took him a few minutes to adjust to the bright light, and when he did, he let out an ear-piercing shriek. There was standing over him a metal thing that has the shape of a claw whirling over him and snapping its metal nails near his face, as fast as Steven can he took the only thing in his reach to attack it, which was a pillow… "Be gone you, foul creature!" Steven screamed as he starts hitting the metal creature with the pillow, causing that thing to let out a shriek and peeping noises as he backed away from the blond.
Steve couldn't help but scream at the sight, part of Steve was in denial, refusing to believe that the man who spoke with him and putting healthy snacks in his cart was shot. They were talking not a few minutes ago, how did this happen? Bucky just held Steve tightly, giving the scene behind him a fast look before dragging Steve away, nearly carrying Steve as he rushed away, going to the back of the supermarket where the back door no doubt existed.
"I do…" The Omega said throwing the Alpha a glance before he returned his eyes forward. "A village in the far northern mountains… and from the look of it, you are one of them." The Omega said unaware of the Alpha's widening eyes and rushed breath. "Do you know what happened to a place called Brookland?" The Omega asked.
"Hey… d-don't cry." Steve heard Tony's tired voice which made him look up and take his lover's outstretched hand. "W-we… both knew this-this was going to h-happen." He muttered making Steve shakes his head and kiss Tony's shaky hand… "M-Morgan?" He asked making Steve pause and swallow.
"Y-you made this?" Steve asked as he took the small white patch from Tony, gazing at the small device with wide eyes, not believing what he was hearing, but the words Tony spoke made relief wash over him, tense muscles finally relaxing after a month, drawing in a shuddering breath when he finally knew he didn't hurt Tony. "That… that's amazing Tony! I… I just hope that next time you will trust me enough to tell me the truth, instead of just acting like how you did…" Steve smiled as he said those words, knowing that it wasn't Tony's fault. The Omega acted out of fear, a justified one too, so it was unfair of Steve to blame him when he knows that the Omega was going through a rough time. The Alpha was worried about what would happen when they reached home, wondering if the Omega was going to crash down after facing Stane.
The rest of the day was… unexpected or expected in Tony's case. Just as Tony predict, his little visit to the library didn't go unnoticed, because as soon as he left the library with the books he borrowed he was met with the sight of Clint waiting for him outside. Tony couldn't help but smile against himself, feeling sadness even as he greeted Clint with a happy smile as the two of them talked about their day. Clint always insists on taking him to Angie's diner, something about Tony finally leaving the house and returning to visit the town once again.
The rest of the day was spent with Steve in Tony's arms, his Alpha repeating that he was sorry over and over agai
Steve let out a few groans and noises as he tried to merge with the couch; which caused Tony's lips to twitch up, knowing that Steve was probably tired as hell and just wanted to sleep. "Don’t know…" Steve ended up slurring as he sat up, stifling his yawn and wiping his face with his hands trying to wake up. "Have to protect Peter, she wanted to hurt him in front of you; had to stop her… the stone's control broke then…" mumbled Steve between a few yawns before he let out a grunt, finally finding the position that was comfortable enough for him to fall asleep.
Though what really made her blood freeze was the runes on the Omega's bicep, runes that the last time they were seen on anyone was decades ago… runes merging together to form the word 'lífið'… life… an Omega that will give life to everything they touched, and Omega that was blessed by the Goddess Frigga herself, an Omega she knew that if he was brought to their village, it meant that they will be regarded as the superior in their homeland… an Omega that if their king mated… will bring power and life to them… Loki informed her that his village deep so deep into the northern mountains, when it snows nine months out of twelve, and the rest of the months are freezing coldness are the homeland of the Omegas with the same runes as that Omega, Asgard, a village that was named after the place their Gods and Goddesses lives in, village that no one knows its place, so modern and strange it said that no sane person ever went to it and return with his mind intact, and those who were born in it were the strongest of all, a place that was said to be the real Asgard, and that mating an Omega from them meaning the blessing of the Gods will be theirs… it made Nattalegg narrow her eyes at the thought of the Omega being from Loki's homeland, and if he was how did Johann's sticky hands fell on one?
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, darkness, horror elements, creepiness, a little bit of violence, sadness, puppy Steve who tries hard to win Tony's love, and we meet a lot of surprising characters! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated... A big thank you for the amazing 'Publisher021'! You are a gem!
After wandering the halls, Steve heard the sound of a breaking glass which made him run toward the hall on the left to see what happened. Steve saw Howard sitting in the hallway surrounded by alcohol bottles staring at the door in front of him with empty eyes. "Howard…" Steve whispered putting his hand on Howard's shoulder making the older man look up at him blinking in confusion…
Tony hummed gently, rocking Harley who was still fast asleep in his arms, unaware of Tony fritting over him every second that passed. Everything was supposed to be… calm. That was the easiest description Tony could think of; Tony did not want to say everything was going to be sunshine and rainbow because let's face it, life is not a fairy tale. Everything was calm, and Tony was finally content with living with his husband and baby, they even planned on going to see Harley tomorrow, planning on taking him to see the movies with them before asking the boy about what he thinks about them adopting him. Never did Tony thought that he would find Harley in this state, on the run alone.
"Shhhh, it's OK Tony, I'm here, I'm not leaving…" Steve whispered reassurance, holding Tony tightly in his embrace making Tony hold a huff at how strong Steve was holding him; it would probably leave bruises on Tony's body, but it wasn't like Tony would care about it. The bruises Steve was going to leave on his body was just proof that his mate was alive, that his love was with him, here, holding him.
"I am sorry…" Tony heard those words after he arranged Peter on the small cot he had in his workshop, the words made him stumble for a second but he regains himself and turns his sight toward Steven who was crossing his arms, looking away from Tony and Peter with an uncomfortable look on his face.
"You cheated." Tony said while he was panting, which only made Steve's lips twitch up as he offered his hand to Tony, who couldn't even sit from how tired he was, the regime that Steve put him through, was tiring, especially with all those push-ups and running laps around the mansion's ground, or lifting weights, and other things, it seems by the end of the day Steve was planning to turn him into a soldier, but Tony can't complain, even if he has to eat oats every day for breakfast, because he can already feel a little change in him, like being energetic enough that he can run after Peter and play with him all day, even his diet changed, and he started eating more vegetables and fruits, which caused Angie and his mother to squeal about how he looked like he was glowing, which he understood from Natasha that it was a good thing.
Steve let out a heartbreaking sigh, he was sitting with his best friend Natasha; he only just now finished telling her about Tony's actions and his distance in the past few months. Steve sniffled, ignoring how the Alpha sitting in front of him hissed in anger like she was an angry dragon who found her next target, which turned out to be his husband. "It's not like we couldn't solve the matter; he just refuses to sit with me for five minutes and talk. God, it hurt when the only way for the two of us to connect these past few months was sex; I feel like a whore every time he leaves me alone in bed to go to work." Steve's voice cracks as he said those words, causing Natasha to snarl in rage.
Ignoring the guards and nurses that indeed follow him, Steve rushed toward Tony's room, his heart pounding uncontrollably in his chest, thinking that something happened to his husband. "It is OK, sweetheart, you did great, I am so proud of you…" Steve heard as soon as he entered the door; the sight in front of him, made Steve relax, the tension that took over his body let go of him and he nearly fell down on the floor from how relieved he felt. Tony was sitting in his bed, Harley and Peter are lying on each side of Tony on the same bed as they held him tightly, hiding their faces in Tony's chest, that sight made Steve smile.
To all the lovely readers who got confused by the timeline of the story, this is a small explanation…
It was then that Tony swore to himself that he will never ever marry unless it was him marrying his lucky star, which he knew was just a childish dream that couldn't be true no matter how many times Tony wished for it; but the thing was, his lucky star was standing in front of him, his lucky star turned out to be Steven! Steven, the one who seemed to hate him the day he saw his face, the star who call him Anton but never said his name unless Tony annoyed the daylight out of him, the star who glare at him all day long if given the chance, and the only way for the two of them to be together in the same room without ripping each other's heads is if Peter was with them.
Steven looked at his shaking son, his heart pounding in his chest harder than it ever was, and he stopped only for a second which made the king tug his arm harder, that caused the Omega to hiss at him as he lowered himself, allowing his son to hang into him as he stood up, carrying his son with one arm, and glaring at the Alpha who was frowning at him.
!" Tony sighed, probably shaking his head too when he heard the pleased 'OK!' coming from Peter who let out a happy purr and snuggled into Steve a little more.
The Alpha winces at his mother's strong jab and he turned to the Omega with a small smile on his lips. "Hello, my name is James Barnes, but everyone calls me Bucky, nice to meet you." The Alpha said as he offered his hand to Tony, which made the Omega blink, and took his hand to shake it.
It ends up with him regaining his footing; it was a slow process that was filled with crying when he was telling Betty how alone he was how much of a failure he felt for letting his baby die, that sometimes at night he felt that his baby was live out there calling for him. It was filled with healing, as he learned that he wasn't the only one out there, that there were other people too.
"Peggy… I lost my husband not three months ago… how can I even entertain the idea of going out with someone while still grieving for the man I was married to for decades… I can't right now, I am sorry but I can't… Tony may be my husband's counterpart, but he is not him… he is never going to be him just as he is never going to be a rebound for me… I can't be in a relationship with Tony right now, it's just like how you refuse for Rogers to be in a relationship with Tony… it's a little bit hypocrite of you to say that Peg, when me and Rogers may be sharing the same pain." Steven chided the woman gently, hoping that she will realize what she was meaning by her words, Steven can't even think about starting a relationship when his husband's death was still fresh on his mind.
The only thing Steven could do was huffing as he walked toward his friends' house, glaring at anyone who dared to look at him, trying to calm himself as he saw the sun was about to set… the Omega hasn't planned on anyone finding out that he was carrying a child until he made his mind if he wanted to keep the babe or not, he hasn't told anyone, not even Margaret who Steven tells everything too.
To Steven's surprise, he heard nothing but a snort of amusement coming from the king before he continued his way. "As I said before I do not care, besides, I never asked for forgiveness I never wanted in the first place." The king stated before he continued his way once more, leaving Steven standing in the hallway before shaking his head and entering his new room…
… Tony wanted to cry, but at the same time, he wanted to laugh, laugh, and laugh until he stopped feeling the hurt that caused his heart to shrivel in pain.
… Tony's mind whispered, unsure if that was the truth or not, but it was the same mind that was whispering and chanting that this was not real, that this shouldn't be happening, that Tony was losing his mind.
"Oh, she did, she screamed at him loudly to get his butt out in the front lawn, and then she acted like she has a lunch date with your mother, I never saw an Alpha fidget so awkwardly as him." Tony smile at the chuckle he got from Steve, which made butterflies become crazy in his tummy, he was not a teenager anymore, but God if Steve didn't make him feel like one. "But at least it beats that one time when an Alpha fainted on top of me for being Tony Stark." That got a laugh from Steve as the Alpha shook his head, the smile dominating his face. "So what about you? Cap, any interesting stories of Winnie's matchmaking?" Tony asked getting hum from the Alpha as he leaned back.
"W-what are you doing in my room?" Tony squeaked (Which he will deny for the rest of his life) his eyes were still wide and his heart was pumping wildly in his chest; it had been weeks since Serpentine showed up in their lives and she doesn't seem like she is in a hurry to leave them at all. Still, this was the first time she dared to come inside his bedroom; no one from the Addams family dared to come inside Tony's room, especially, when Tony decorate it even worse than his lab with the pink fluffiness everywhere and the cute stuffed animals in every surface and let's not forget the roses hanging from the ceiling, there was even salt and holy water in the corners of the room, so why? Why?!
"Steven…" Steven ended up offering his name after a few minutes of silence, his answer making the king hum and turn his sight to the lake, ignoring how Steven was eyeing him with narrow eyes. Could it be? Steven wondered before shutting that thought down; no it couldn't, for his Anton was different than this man, his Anton was the Alpha who refused to fight even when others bullied him and called him weak. His Anton was a man who loved the peace and creating beauty with metal and iron, not weapons and tools of death to rage wars… this man was not his Anton, for Anton has long since died when Brookland was destroyed…
Tony could only walk through the wasteland that was his beautiful garden, trying to hold his sobs in, whimpering a little when he saw a cat's paw sticking out of one of the small graves… and there! In the middle of all this mess was Rogers, sitting near a small hole while holding his hands together like he was praying. "What the fuck did you do?!" Tony cried out as he rushed toward the man who was lowering a small box in the small grave in front of him.
"Peter! Go tidy your room!" Tony called out from the kitchen, causing Peter who was watching the TV to huff a
stressed up. Now normally, Tony would have rolled his eyes at the Pepper's words and would have gone to the gym with Happy, planning on going a few rounds with him in the boxing ring. But as it is Tony was too tired to argue with Pepper and too tired to go to the gym, so yoga it was.
After that day at the get together with Sarah, you can say that Tony's mood did get better a little by little, especially when he sees little Peter from time to time, and the small pup is always happy to tell Tony about his adventures, Sarah, on the other hand, warm up to him considerable, before the two of them have been… well not strangers, but you can call them friends on lose terms, but Sarah always seemed to want to get to know him better after the get-together. Steve on the other hand… he was something else completely, and Tony may admit that he was interested in the Alpha… just a little bit… the man was funny and considering, the two of them had spent the whole get together standing near the fence, talking about everything and nothing, sharing jokes and laughs, and keeping an eye on Peter who was playing with the other pups but once in a while the small pup will either run toward Steve or Tony, making the two of them smile at the display… as much as Tony hated to admit it, but his face flushes red when Pepper, Clint, and Carol had teased him about Steve and how the two of them spent the night glued to each other, his flush face made their teasing go up ten volts, which embarrassed Tony to no end, it had been a whole month since the get-together and the three of them didn't seem to want to stop.
Tony wakes up with a terror-filled scream, gazing around the place he was in with fear blanketing him, nearly choking him; tears start clouding his eye, which made Tony blink his eyes several times to clear his vision, letting out a whimper of confusion when he saw that he was laying on the sofa in the living room, a blanket surrounding him keeping the warmth from escaping Tony.
"Go away, Sir, we are doing our job." He said barking at the nurse to sedate Tony, who was crying and thrashing around, pleading with them to let him go.
"Nebula…" A gruff voice called out, his calls echoing through the vast nothing; the woman in question to stop her advance, staying still in her place as she waited. It was only a few short minutes that the person she seeks appeared, sitting on his floating throne and gazing down at her with cold (Cold as ice) eyes. "What news did you bring?" The question was said in a way that whoever heard it, will think that the one who spooks doesn't care about the answer.
His daughter will always come first, even if he ended up burning the world to keep her safe. His daughter was his to protect, and love, and cherish, even if she wasn't his. Morgan was his and his alone, and Tony won't let anyone, not even the monster in the lake take her away from him…
Anton let out a tired breath, his sight going from tree to tree, trying to find something to pass his time with. Maybe he would try and collect some substances he lacks in his home? Anton was sure some herbal medicine would help, if not for him to use, then for Braes who would no doubt be thankful for such a gift. Maybe he would pick up some mushrooms for Klint and Nattalegg, knowing the two of them, they would no doubt love this kind of gift; not for eating though, but for the poisons they could extract from one mushroom, so Anton must be careful while picking those little devils. Maybe he can even catch small games here and there, giving it to Magna and Jamti, the two of them would no doubt appreciate his gift.
The wind suddenly picked up, causing Tony to let out a relieved sob, his body shaking hard as he tried to stop himself from spiraling down and start crying in an ugly fashion when he saw Rogers breaking through the lake surface. "Dear lord…" Howard's voice trailed off, causing Tony to let out a shuddered breath as he slammed his head back, catching Howard off guard as he slammed the back of his head into the older man's nose.
It had been a year and a half since meeting Steve Rogers and his sweet pup… a year since the two of them starts dating… and God, Tony didn't feel this kind of happiness in a long, long time. It all seems like a fairy tale to him, how Steve and him start dating, how the two of them moved in Tony's big house after dating for three months only… Tony knows that everyone thinks that the two of them were moving fast, that the two of them should slow down, especially with a pup being involved in their affair… while the two of them seemed to move too fast for everyone to really approve of their relationship, Steve and him were actually comfortable in the direction their relationship was heading to…
The first thing on the list is avoiding Peggy and Bucky, not something that Tony would mind, the two of them are too invested in Steven Rogers to tell him anything of use, they would probably go on about '
Waking up, Tony shiver to himself and burrow into the blanket surrounding him that more than ever made Tony wake up fast because he was sure as hell didn't have a blanket on the boat with him. waking up, Tony glance around him in confusion, wondering how he was sleeping on the couch with the warmest blanket surrounding him, when he was so sure that he slept on the boat in the middle of the lake, with no one beside him to get him home.
Tony didn't know when his life starts being hell, but it was probably after Obadiah Stane learned he was an Omega. Obadiah was his father's partner, so Tony sees him from time to time in their mansion, he was no stranger to the man waltzing in their house whenever he liked, it always made Tony grumbled to Pepper and Rhodey about how the older man thinks he owns the place just because he was an Alpha.
As much as Steven hated following that arrogant Alpha, a deal is a deal and he must honor it, so Steven followed that Alpha, while glaring at the back of his head hoping that he will burn to the ground and end Steven's suffering, but as always life wasn't fair, and Steven was forced to follow the arrogant and useless Alpha, but the Omega tried to not glare at the Alpha with such an obvious way, not because he was afraid of the Alpha's people after all the Omega made sure to insult Johann in front of his subjects, but the Omega toned down his frightful glare because the king's pup was looking at him and James with wondering wide blue eyes, blue like his babe, hiding in his father's neck every time Steven's eyes caught his, but James took it as a fun way to pass the time, waving to the king's pup when he raised his head to look at them, making the small pup pause a little before waving back to James.
The person he was talking about was a woman with dark hair, dark eyes, and pale skin like death, and was wearing too much black to be normal. "Who the hell are you?" Tony asked as he took the woman in, her face was youthful and beautiful, but her eyes were as blank as a dead fish, it was giving him the chills.
"No cold… please…" The man slurred which made Steve shush him gently taking out a hot pack and putting it gently around the man's neck, which got him a relieved breath from the man as his muscle seems to relax.
"No, I am in the third grade." Peter piped happily as he swings his legs, the answer made Tony paused a little and blink his eyes, filling a blooming pain in his heart, though his shook his head and return back to finishing the lunch, listening to Peter's humming as he cooked the food.
"Yes, is Steven Rogers here?" The woman asked, trying to look behind Tony to the inside of the house, causing Tony to bristle and get outside closing the door behind him to stop the woman from snooping any further which did nothing but causing the woman to scowl harshly.
Once they reached the clinic, Steve stopped his car in his private parking spot and get out of the car after shutting the engine, Maria gets out of the passenger seat, the older Omega wanted to come with them, to be with Tony and Peter, and to be true to himself, Tony really wanted the older Omega with him, he felt safe with his mother around. Steve was kind enough to open the backseats door for Tony to get out of the car with Peter in his embrace, and Tony had to grimace at the flashed of the lights he felt behind him, but Steve was fast enough to hide him and Peter away from the reporters.
A harsh sigh left Steven when he saw the two boys run toward the village square once more, squealing in delight as they rushed to see the bear that was the talk of the village. Thinking of his options, Steven gritted his teeth as he started walking to the king's massive home, wanting to have the conversation there and not anywhere near where his people resident last he strangled the Alpha. The king seemed to catch on to his line of thoughts, for the man shut his mouth and didn't start any conversation until they reached the house, which Steven was grateful for because if the man had dared to open his mouth before Steven was ready to hear him, he would have castrated the Alpha right here in front of anyone who would see.
Stane seems to be persistent, always coming and going as he please, at that time Tony didn't pay any attention to the older Alpha as he was working on a project for himself he was sure it was going to take the world by storm, the first real AI! It was the eighties and Tony was sure that this kind of project will make revolution! It was only after noticing some of his stuff disappearing without a trace he starts to suspect and in the end, he went to his father and told him to do something.
"I don't know… though this does remind what happened years ago when I had to save your butt more than once from bullies?" Steve asked just to be a little shit as he sat on his chair, Peter's eyes widened at that and his jaw fell a little at the words he heard, though Tony jumped as soon as he heard those words yelling out the words 'All lies!' which did nothing but make Steve roll his eyes.
"You know, Hydra King of The South, I have met many kings during my voyages." Steven heard the Alpha said as he tightened his hand on Steven's wrist. "And of all the horrible men I faced, you are undeniably one of the most despisings of them all." Steven hissed at the king who starts pulling him toward the doors. "Considered your debts paid, your queen was smart enough to offer a sacrifice, so worry not." Johann pauses a little then he beamed at the thought that he will live to see another day.
"What's going to happen after I finish the therapy, will everything heals back, and I will miraculously recover?" Tony asked he hated how the Alpha talked like everything was going to be sunshine and rainbow if he went to therapy.
Tony didn't let Harley protest before he stood up and took his hand, being gentle with him as he steered the boy with him, his hand was firm not allowing Harley to escape from his grasp. "Mr. Stark! L… let go…" The last part of Harley's speech was a fearful whisper that Tony barely heard over the loud New York noises. Tony's heart clenched and he had to stop himself from breaking, he had to be strong.
"Thank you…" Steve said tiredly as he put two cups of herbal tea on the table, Tony hummed and took a sip of his cup, having only now got down from putting Peter to sleep in his bed, Steve glancing at Tony's wrest he saw that the watch was still not there which meant that it was still with Peter, something he has to talk to the boy about later, Tony just looked at him with a tired look, mastering a little smile, which made the Omega nod his head and return to his tea, he wondered if the Alpha was going to survive the rest of the journey if he looked like this on the first day, that made Steve pause and gazes at Tony with a thoughtful look…
"There is nothing to forgive, I understand." Steve's words made Maria feel more like she was lower than dirt than she already did, this was her fault, this gently and forgiving Omega suffering because of her ignorance and Howard's nastiness, a few minutes were spent in silence with both of the Omegas trying to regain their thoughts and sipping their tea.
Part of Tony was wondering; part of him was already making plans that involve him and his daughter running away. Tony was wondering how far he can make it before the town catch and kill him, making Tony disappear; he wondered if the town would be merciful and would let his daughter live, even if they didn't tell her about him, Tony wanted her to live… Tony wanted the child in his arms to live, even if it wasn't his, even if she was someone else's, even if she was the monster's baby, he wanted her to live… Tony hoped that the town would be merciful to let his daughter enjoy her life.
These dreams, these fantasies, they refused to leave him, and after thinking it through, Anthony realized that there was nothing to stop him and Steve from having that life, Anthony could even change his name to Carbonell, he could finally stop being a Stark, he could have the perfect life with Steve, he could open his own garage and work in it, he could buy the dream house Steve and him always talked about, the two of them could create their own family like they always dreamed of, naming their children with the few named the two of them chose. Anthony wanted that life so desperately…
"Say, my queen, do you know of a place called Asgard?" The Alpha asked, waiting for what the Omega was going to say, his heart pounding in his chest at the answer he will receive, most people who will hear him, they will think that he was talking about the realm of Gods, but only those who were truly his people will know what he was talking about, especially the slight different pronunciation.
Tony gritted his teeth together, he knows that Betty was coming from a logical place, he knows that Steve and even him wouldn't have welcomed to being disturbed while bonding, especially with how important this step was. "I am adopting him," Tony said out of the blue causing Betty's eyes to widen uncontrollably at that; Tony couldn't help the satisfaction taking over him at the shock Betty couldn't help controlling.
"It's not only about you not telling me! You knew that I could have found him in less than an hour if you told me; do you even realize what could happen to Harley on the streets? Drugs addicts, murders, for God's sake even pedophiles would have kidnapped him! And you think I am angry at you for not telling me? I am furious!" Tony snarled taking a step forward causing Betty to flinch and take a step back. "How the hell can I even trust you with Harley's wellbeing when you couldn't protect him the first time? He is staying here and this is final!" Tony crossed his arms over his chest, glaring down at Betty.
Jarvis updated him twice a day about Tony and the pup, he was extremely happy to hear that Tony was finally eating… or drinking? Whatever you want to call liquid diet, the Omega starts his liquid diet as soon as he woke up, spending the first three days drinking enrich milk, he was happy when Tony was able to handle broth and other food that Bruce approved of.
Starkad could only chase after his son when the boy took off, chasing after that foolish Omega. As much as Starkad wanted to scream and snap at how things ended, he knows that it was his fault, acting irrationally even when the stubborn queen threw the truth in his face without a care about the consequences. He chased his babe until his son slipped out of his sight, nearly causing Starkad to snarl; he knew his boy was always nimble and fast on his feet, but that didn't give him the right to use it against him, just to chase that foolish Omega he met not a few months ago!
The Iron King eventually scoffed, shaking his head and stepping back. "Enough. I will hear no more excuses. I was expecting the least that was an apology for those whose lives were taken, but you are capable of not even that, Hydra King, so we are done here." He announced, turning around and walking back to his group.
Steve could only gaze at Howard with wide eyes; he really couldn’t believe what he was seeing, but the cries of his baby snapped Steve out of it, making him rush toward his child. Seeing him, Peter let out a cry and raise his tied hands, and God how much Steve hated seeing his baby like this, untying his baby’s arms, Steve pulled his child to his chest, shushing him gently, trying to calm the overwhelmed babe, his baby was shaking like a leaf! From the corner of his eye, Steve saw how Howard went to the fallen Alpha, giving him a few kicks before leaning down and putting his fingers on Rumlow’s neck, probably to check if he was dead, which seems like he was, judging by the satisfied nod from Howard.
"Daddy, Morgan, say, Daddy!" Tony cooed the funny face he was making was causing his daughter to squeal and laugh and clap her hand. "Come on, say it! Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!" Tony jumped, tickling his baby mercilessly, causing the girl to squeal and kick her legs, trying to run away but couldn't because Tony raised her in the air. "Do you surround, princess? Are you gonna say Daddy now?" Tony asked, the smile stretching his face wide as his daughter giggled happily, snuggling into Tony when the man brought his daughter into a tight hug.
Two years and finally, finally his baby's turn finally came, he was finally getting the transplant he needed, he was finally going to heal, going to stop the chemo, going to live his life like any other child, and he was finally going to live! But when was life ever fair to Steve? Not soon after the big day came… something had to come and ruin it for them…. It wasn't a normal thing like his baby dying before getting the transplant, not normal things like the people who were bringing the samples got into an accident, of the samples getting lost, no… it was aliens' attack… out of every joke, the universe decided to throw in Steve's face, it ends up being an aliens' attack… an attack that destroyed half of Manhattan and the hospital they were going to…. Two years, of his baby suffering and looking at Steve with pain-filled eyes… it was all for nothing, nothing, nothing! Because Steve had to find another hospital, and with another hospital, came other bills he has to pay with his current bills for the one destroyed with the interests, not to forget that Peter was going to be put at the end of the list once again… if Steve didn't get a bank rob by the end of the year then his baby was going to die, or worse getting taken from him because he was not fit as a parent.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, maybe a little bit of violence, Steven being scary and overprotect AF! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
So Steve and Tony have left along, this time they were watching 'The Lady and the Tramp' which was something that Tony was so going to keep from Peter because if his baby knew he was seeing one of his favorite movies without him he will pout until Tony pleads for someone to save him.
