Sebastian laughed as he appeared behind the mender. John too distracted to stop him. He sank his teeth deep into John’s neck, holding him tightly as he struggled. He drank eagerly and before long John went limp in his arms. He growled at Anna, motioning to the man that had brought John to them.
"Well this is a very different scene than usually greets me." His face was a mixture of what looked like pleasure and disappointment. He returned to his usual blank but thin lipped smile. "Rather a sweet picture of domestic home life for you Sherlock, aren't you
"What?!" Sherlock demanded, standing swiftly. In one move he had his coat back on and the amount of emotion he was feeling was evident on his face. Lestrade looked even more confused for a moment before realizing that Sherlock might have finally come to terms with how he felt for John.
"I don't want to." He said firmly, a grimace on his face.
Lestrade walked up to the bench Sherlock was sitting on and offered him a coffee from the hospital cafe. Sherlock took it without looking at his friend, his eyes fixed on John through the wide windows before him as John went through some stretches with the new Physical Therapist.
"You have tasted blood?" Mycroft asked eagerly, stepping closer to John again.
1) Her text/note/memo sign off will be TW
like. His mind snapped almost violently back from his musings as Mycroft murmured something to John. Sherlock had never once before found his mind wondering so loudly about his brother in those ways, however now they were like fire in his mind. John's whimper as Mycroft's teeth drug against his skin drew Sherlock out of his own thoughts.
“So you did remain with us.” Sebastian purred as he leaned down and kissed John roughly. “It is a shame you did not wake until now, when I am leaving. You are to remain in your room, do not leave this room for anything. Meaghan will bring you your daily blood allowance. If I smell one trace of another on you when I return, you will wish for death.”
?" Sherlock's voice hummed in his mind. They'd just woken from their first full day in Paris.
It took several months for John to regain anything close to what he would call full strength. His body ravaged for so many years while being kept on the edge of death. During that time, he and Sherlock spent all their time on the grounds of the coven house or else locked in the library or their room together. In fact, Anthea had been the only one to see them and that was only when they went down to feed. Gregory had tried to discuss the sudden distance between his love and the mender, knowing as he did that Mycroft had been yearning for the day to have him back – however, that had not ended well. It became clear, very quickly, that discussing Sherlock with Mycroft was forbidden and discussing John with him should be.
"That was sort of the point, wasn't it?" She stood firmly in front of them, trying to regain her composure. "The problem is that being dead just isn't much fun, now is it?" She took a deep breath, hiding some emotion from her eyes as she tried to give the impression she had the upper hand. "I'm glad to see you safe, John." John was slightly taken aback by the genuine tone of her voice but it did nothing to diminish the feelings clawing their way through his chest. "But safety is such a fragile thing. But that's also the problem with playing games with a mind like Moriarty. Once you're in the web you can't get out. The fly doesn't gain freedom just because the spider is dead." John tensed defensively but Sherlock again squeezed his shoulder. "Oh relax." She ordered in an annoyed voice. "I'm not going to hurt either of you. Indeed that is very reason why I am saying goodbye. I've betrayed my agreement. Certainly I had broken it before but doubly so now because I've come back and I
“So he did go to The Yard, at least he is predictable. The Mender sighed, sinking back in his chair and attempting to look casual and at ease. Gregory, however, noticed the tremors and the rigidness of the motion and knew his fears were confirmed. “Did he tell you the results of my study?” John made an effort to keep his voice strong and firm, though he knew Gregory could easily see through the charade.
"Why would she be angry?" Sherlock looked momentarily confused.
"Oh come on John, you're always scolding me for not going along with Hamish's games. Am I going to be scolded for making pretend now?"
“You’re only saying that because you want one.” Mycroft retorted.
"How much did you tell him?" Sherlock rounded on Mycroft, coming to stand directly in front of him.
“We will accept on the condition that no one enters my wing or our living space without our express permission.” Sherlock finally spoke, meeting Mycroft’s gaze. He was not at all assuaged by the minute relaxation that occurred in his brother at the spoken agreement. Mycroft’s attention, however, returned to the Mender.
"I know." He said calmly, gently running his hands over John's arms. He could feel the moment both in John's muscles and in their growing Sire/Fledgling connection the moment he began to relax. "He has not fed save what small relief he has taken from you in many days. I instructed him to feed when you slept and he did not. He put you in danger, my little one. You could have passed into shadow." He whispered tenderly, his hand cupping John's cheek and holding his gaze. "He will return to you and I will allow him to claim you when the time is right as you forgive him and I trust your judgment. However John, my little fledgling - you must promise me one thing. If ever he hurts you, you feel afraid, or if anything happens to him come back to me. I will guard and protect you." His face was close to John's and John was surprised by the desire that rose in his chest, the desire to join their lips. He blinked very slowly before licking his lips and speaking.
“My children would not go against the law of nature!” Marcus spat angrily. “You stopped being mine when you chose to defile yourself by being with him. Why John? Why did you give up the beautiful women you had in your life? That last woman, Mary…”
“I am the Coven Father, you cannot order me about like this.” Mycroft retorted angrily, taking a step forward.
“Beyond the healing and drawing silver of the Elders and Oaks, no, however, I only met her once.”
lips. He shook his head and ran a hand over his face, determined to not let Sherlock off easily just because they shared such chemistry. No, he felt like Sherlock was implying he was helpless, something that though John felt was the truth he desperately didn't want Sherlock to believe. Above all he wanted Sherlock to see him as strong and capable. He wanted to erase the memory of how pitiful he must have seemed the night before, lying on the couch in the dark. His shame became anger however, so he channeled it slamming around his room as he placed things back in their rightful places with loud thuds.
"It's hard Sherlock. You've been busy with the cases and that last one, with the girl who could have died..."
“Through the binding that created the unified families, additional powers were granted to those bloodlines. The Oaks has a type of prophecy that is imperfect and incomplete. We cannot predict the future, however, we can sense strong emotional changes and the overall composition of events that might occur, especially if those events related to our deaths.” His voice was soft, so full of emotion it felt to Gregory like drowning.
"John..." Sherlock's voice was exhausted and ragged even as John continued to work in him. He was covered in a fine layer of sweat, clawing into John as he kept working. "John, I... I... I... No more! God, please no more!" He forced out. It had been hours and still John was not sated, lust still pouring off of him and radiating through their bond.
John felt warm and comfortable as he slept, completely content in the feel of someone beside him. He didn't realize that Sherlock was wide awake laying next to him most of the night, he only knew that he felt safe and comforted for the first time in over a year. His dreams were calm and peaceful for the most part, but as the daylight crept into the bedroom that changed. Suddenly he was back in the road, looking up at Sherlock - completely powerless to stop him. Within moments Sherlock was falling, the scene crashing through John's dream and turning it into a nightmare. He choked on a sob.
“No matter his intentions, his desire is clear. He wishes only to possess you, not to care for you. Please my love.” There was such an earnest look of adoration in Sherlock’s eyes that John could have melted.
making contact is significant with what you already know?" John's voice just barely masked his feeling as they discussed Irene Adler, The Woman. Sherlock however actually felt his heart flutter slightly faltering a bit before recovering his calm demeanor. He'd forgotten what it was like to have someone who actually tried to keep up with him.
“You feel your death?” His voice was softer than he meant it to be, he knew what a blow losing John would be to the entire Coven.
tone again, full of emotion and pain. The tone that cut right through John's anger. John let a few angry tears fall without fighting them, trying to let the emotion free. "You did the best you could with the mess I left you in." He dropped his arms from his chest, trying to calm his own anger. He understood their anger would be explosive potentially leading them down a road that could ruin everything. So he softened slightly, fighting the guilt and shame just as strongly as John but without as much command over the experience. "But don't you
"What's wrong?" Sherlock looked up at John, standing fluidly as he did.
"I do not care. They are not worthy of a man such as you. I will be yours and you will be mine." He nuzzled his face against John's cheek, enjoying the soft sighs.
"You know before I met you nothing ever happened to me. Now I think it never stops."
"Well you are our land lady, not our housekeeper!" John giggled and she patted him softly and somewhat knowingly on the arm.
"We'll make breakfast." Sherlock offered as he reached up to scratch his nose. There was a brief flash of pink and John had to fight not to laugh.
"Look at you," He purred with appreciation. "You have no idea what I'm going to do. You don't know if I'm going to fuck you senseless or walk out of the room and leave you in agony." He smirked again, the one sided smirk he got when he was being clever. "I have my resources John, now... Just what
“What did you give the boy?” Mycroft asked angrily.
"Of course, Lord Holmes please take good care of John. He has done a great service in keeping us from falling ill." Sebastian let go, letting John into Mycroft's grip.
at him from the scene before him. He saw how John shivered from the cold, even without the lighting the flat normally had this time of day. He saw how John refused to get up to even get a blanket, wanting so desperately to remain in
“Prove it.” Sherlock purred, offering James a glass of bloodwine. He watched as James drank it down, following it with two more gulping them down like a man starved. James wrenched Sherlock’s head down, a firm grip on his hair, and forced their mouths together. The kiss they shared was passionate and fervent, only breaking when James looked up as Moran entered.
"I'm done with this." He sighed in frustration. "She's no better than the last two and had absolutely nothing new to offer. I'm tired of coming here." His shoulders were slumped, there was more too it but Sherlock just let it go.
." The appraisal soared through him and he went even redder.
“Charmingly sentimental when he feels like it.” Mycroft shook his head slightly. “John," There was a shift in Mycroft's face that John could only describe as sentiment. It was rather unnerving to have not just one, but both of the Holmes brothers showing some sort of concern about him. "You do understand the danger involved in this, don't you?”
“The sad fact is, he is my life. I could try to lie about it, but it would just upset him and he'd call us boring. ” John grinned and  they sank into silence for a few minutes.
Moran rode swiftly concern settling deep in his heart as the darkness grew thin. James had gone against their carefully crafted plans and he was certain John’s life may be forfeit if he did not reach him in time. His daughter came to rest at his side, ever his faithful, if ignorant, companion. They rode in silence until they found the ruined carriage. Blood littered the ground and Moran feared they had been too late. He could feel a weak presence of energy however he could not seem to find the source, try as he might. It was a broken sob of a man who felt he had failed, that alerted him to John’s presence. He let out a heavy sigh, closing his eyes in relief.
“He is?” Mycroft sat up, looking at John eagerly. Sherlock's interest was also clear on his face as he took a seat in front of John.
"You want the story from Papa's point of view?" Sherlock chuckled quietly as Hamish nodded excitedly. "Okay, if you eat I'll tell you." He smirked as he felt John's attention fall on him, wanting to hear the story from the other point of view. "Well you see Captain John wasn't the only lonely little boy at Pendergrass manor that summer. The Pirate Prince had no friends, because all of the children at home made fun of him for his mind. Because he knew things about them and could remember everything he learned by storing it in his mind palace - they picked on him and called him a freak. It really hurt his feelings so instead of trying to make friends he stayed isolated and alone. So it was sort of frightening when, during little Sherlock's seventh summer in the world, Daddy Holmes or as you know him now the Evil King Izzod came to the Pirate Prince and told him they were going to meet with one of his friends the kindly King James. The Prince had met him before and really enjoyed being around him as King James was friendly and nice. He never called little Sherlock a freak and instead said he was a wonderful and smart boy. So the Pirate Prince got excited. But then King Izzod mentioned that another man, the General would be there as well with his little boy. Izzod told Prince Croft and Prince Erik not to be too friendly with the boy because the General was evil. So Erik was happy when they arrived at Pendergrass Estate before the other boy and his father. Prince Erik was sad though because his father, the Evil King, forced him into a smart little suit and out of his pirate gear. He yelled at him for the whole trip because he'd tried to wear those clothes instead of a nice respectable suit. It was only when King James came into the drawing room to join them for lunch that Izzod stopped yelling. He introduced the boys to James and James informed Izzod that another man they were friends with was in town visiting. Izzod became excited and said he wanted to take Croft to meet him, so the two departed immediately leaving Prince Erik with King James." Sherlock sighed softly, pulling a piece of carrot out of Hamish's fingers before he could smash it in his hair.
"We'll see just how much stamina you have." John grinned but his tiredness was apparent.
"Oh stop! Please..." He begged, swallowing hard. "I shall never be able to hide a release like this. Please... Tomorrow... You may do what you wish with me." Sherlock obliged him, sitting up and the two of them heaving for breath. The carriage stopped outside John's farm and he slowly brought himself back into the world. "Are you afraid?" He asked Sherlock as Sherlock walked him toward the door.
As always kudos, comments, and messages are very acceptable! I'm considering that the third part of this series will actually be the Adventures of Pirate Prince Erik and his first mate Captain John, but we'll see where we go with this story first!
"You shall have no concern that they shall ever come near your manor. If I am successful they will never come anywhere near any of you again. I shall also see to James. Sherlock, guard him." Sebastian yanked Mary and the younger Sebastian up by the hair, shoving them out the door and barking orders at them. The silence that fell as they moved towards the house was heavy and thick, punctuated by tiny sounds from the mender.
“I must go to him.” Mycroft turned to walk out of the inn.
"You woke at half four," John began, using Sherlock's own deduction tone just to irritate him. He paced slightly, as Sherlock would, but was rewarded as Sherlock's eyes shifted to follow him at every turn. "Judging by your expression; you aren't quite fully awake which means you haven't had either coffee or tea. Which means Hamish woke exactly twenty minutes after you. Exactly the amount of time it takes for you to finish getting dressed. You decided to let me have a bit of a lie in so you went and got Hamish, taking him out with you. First you went to the main house where you snuck in and retrieved your pirate gear - the scarf of which is currently hidden in the bed between you two as you've given it to Hamish." John could tell he was right so far because of how wide Sherlock's eyes were and how Hamish was fighting giggles.  They did this at least twice a week. The two of them being such horrible sleepers. Sherlock would whisk Hamish off on some small adventure and expect John to be able to deduce the entire thing. John didn't mind because the training had paid off with him finally solving a case
"It will be far easier to keep you healed." He smiled back.
Footsteps on the stairs. His face tightened as he heard, no imagined,
“So what happened?” Sherlock asked as he and John both immediately went to work.
"I don't know what you're..."
." John almost commanded and Sherlock's fangs almost arrived without his input. He guided his hand under John's head, cradling it lovingly as he slowly sank his teeth into him. John gasped loudly as Sherlock increased the pace, his head going foggy as John's blood spilled into his mouth.
- Incubus
"These are a bit more... Intertwined."
Sherlock let slip a tiny frustrated noise, hardly a puff of hot air from his chest. John’s eyes shifted up, diverting his focus from Sherlock’s hips, and raised an eyebrow. “Tired of these civvies, darling?” Slipping his thumbs into the loops of Sherlock’s trousers, John tugged them down to his knees. Sherlock slid gracefully out of them, then folded in half to peel off his cashmere socks. John admired the perfect tent of his partner’s pants. “Come here and see me,” John murmured.
"She had told me a joke. I looked over to see her laughing. The window was down and her hair..." He envisioned Harriet's wild, blonde strands billowing around her face, catching in her eyelashes and lip gloss. She had the best smile. "Her hair was everywhere. The sun was behind her, which is why I didn't see the other car. It ran the stoplight. It plowed right into her." John felt a mixture of terror and relief: speaking of it was agony, but saying it out loud made it real. Someone else was sharing it with him. Someone else to help carry it, help understand it or make sense of it. "When I came to, I felt hands at my belt. We had been plowed and flipped. She was hanging there, caught... They pulled me out and laid me on a stretcher. The street was crimson. A thin, dark line." Sherlock kissed John's ear and hummed an affirmative noise.
“Yes.”
“And if he isn’t, you pitch a fit until he is.”
John propped himself up on his elbows and listened carefully. He heard nothing, but saw a faint light shining under the door, continuously changing. The muted telly. John crawled out of bed and quietly opened the door. Sherlock had assumed his normal position on the couch, but he seemed to actually fit inside it now. The thought made John uneasy – Sherlock was not well and Watson felt like a prick for ever wishing it. He stood by his savior and watched the shadows of the television fall on his face. John gently knelt beside him (he hoped this decrepit body would recover soon) and laced his fingers through Sherlock’s. The man stirred and untucked his face from the crook of his arm. He blinked, as if making sure he was not dreaming, and smiled.
John huffed a disbelieving laugh. “Yes. But Sherlock. This is a PhoeniX. It’s a Saab sports car. What are
to me that night! You can’t think my ass looks nice and not
“Best day.”
“It’s... it’s fine, I just thought, you know, that you were eager to come home to me and you never mentioned anyone overseas. I didn’t know you were planning to… to… get married, or propose, or whatever, to someone I had not even heard of. And then I had your letters… I was just horribly confused as to why you would write those things to me when you had someone else.”
John stood between Harry and Sherlock. His feet had gone numb and his knees had begun to ache. His face was stoic and distant, his hands clasped tightly together, puffs of condensation were born from his breath meeting icy air. John’s lips formed a straight line, and his eyes spoke of his emotional exhaustion. Someone else was speaking, but he heard nothing.
“Stop apologizing. There is nothing for you to be sorry for.”
He glanced back to Sherlock to find the dirty-blonde now looking at him, Sherlock doing the talking. Graham nodded, a handsome half-smile stealing the lower part of his face. He was attractive. Quite attractive. Tall, lean, all charm. He had blue eyes, wasn’t far from Sherlock’s height, and was dressed in a white button up and fitted trousers. He stuck out sore here amongst the urban dress, and John immediately went to
“Yeah. They haven’t been edited or read over. I did it for fun, during off season. Used to keep me sharp.”
Inspiration for Sherlock's
Okay. Okay. That was painfully new. He ran a hand through his hair and rested his other on his hip, pacing on the damp sidewalk. Cabbies and motorbikes whirred by, leaves rushing onto the pavement in tiny twisters.
On the other hand, part of Sherlock was strangely aroused by how closely the doctor was watching him. Sherlock knew he could gather ten years of someone’s life in two minutes time. He also knew that was a rare gift, and one John Watson was unlikely to have. Darker images flicked into the back of Sherlock’s mind. He glanced up at the doctor’s face. His brows were furrowed, only slightly, as if intently studying the patterns of his skin. The thumb continued to move across both his forearms, ghosting places where the nerve endings were brand new. Sherlock remembered John’s comment from hours before. “I’ll be gentler.” Indeed, he was. He watched the jaw of the soldier clench and relax. Sherlock wondered if it was a habit whilst he thought, or a sign of refrain. He found himself wishing for the latter, though he wasn’t sure why.
* 7even Year Itch: Collective Soul Greatest Hits 1994-2001.
“Pay attention, Irene. The composing has been ongoing for nearly a month and a half. And of course I made a recording. God forbid you conduct your interpretation of my music.”
“So where’s your actual home then?” John inquired. Adele was singing through the opening credits. John was tempted to fast-forward. He chuckled as Sherlock grabbed the remote and did it for him.
“Bingo!” Callum shot an index finger two doors down.
“It’s difficult, cutting a straight line. Shouldn’t that be easy? Why isn’t that easy?”
Irene came back to his side, wrapping her arm around Sherlock’s and resting her head against his arm.
The disc jockey came on over the microphone, one headphone pushed back behind his ear. Molly and Callum stood and walked to the center of the floor, where a large space had been left so others could dance. A bright song began to pour the speakers. It reminded John of Christmas and laughter and the smell of chai tea. Everyone began to clap in unison, and Callum grasped Molly’s hand.
“You do realize you’re coming home with me?” John spoke in a lethal whisper. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open and a smug grin possessed that perfect mouth. John chuckled in a menacing way and fell to his knees, knowing Sherlock was close. He enveloped the hot heat of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth. Sherlock watched through heavily lidded eyes as John’s cheeks hollowed. There was a magnificent, guttural sound that escaped his lungs and John’s prick twitched between his legs. Six, seven, eight. Sherlock was shuddering under John’s touch, knuckles white from clenched fists. John ran his hand teasingly down Sherlock’s chest, clawing at the ripples in his abdomen. His cock found the back of John’s throat and he moaned. Sherlock fell to pieces. “Jesus. Fuck.
-Water for Elephants is truly a fantastic story, and truthfully a result of NanoWrimo. Kudos to all my amazing NanoWrimo writers! My friend Emily just finished her first one, and was thrilled!
Sherlock dug through one of the bags and pulled out a glass jar. He raised an eyebrow defiantly, a smug look taking over his sharp features.
The first photo was of John sitting on the bottom bunk in the barracks, uniform bottoms blending in with the gray-khaki poly-blend of his blanket. He sat slightly hunched, his forearms resting on his thighs and legs relaxed. He had just glanced up at Sherlock, mid-laugh, his blue eyes squinting at some smart ass comment the detective had muttered. Something about repressed sexual energy or the support of individuality on base.
“I do.”
It rested against a vase of white roses (when had those been put there?), and had “John” written in tall, loopy handwriting. The doctor’s heart fluttered.
“Just having a morning cuppa. Was enjoying the quiet until you showed up.”
B sunk a little farther back in the chair as his legs began to twitch a nervous beat. He wore a quiet expression and John knew he was searching to find a good way to ask something. “Cap, is she ready for a relationship?”
“Most certainly not. I would never do such a thing, would I Callum?” Callum chuckled behind them on the couch, where Molly was wrapped up next to him.
“Self-infliiiiicteddddddd!” Sherlock sang aloud. A giggle bubbled out of his throat. Was that right? Yes, Sherlock had just giggled.
John's words tumbled around in his mind. He imagined Harriet to be a great deal like Jane: someone gentle, loving, kind, strong. A woman with a fire in her eyes and ferocity in her heart. An overwhelming sense of "yes, this is me, hope that's quite alright. And sod off, if it's not." Someone with a good reading voice and when the sun hits their hair, it glitters like the sun and those eyes. Those oceanic, penetrating eyes. Harry would have been the female version of John.
Her eyes flittered back and forth between each of Callum’s, his tears afresh.
But it's alive. More coming. I solemnly swear
Sherlock stood with his hands shoved deep into the Belstaff. He was looking at anything other than John. The train began to roar into the station and the wind from it blew Sherlock’s curls away from his face. They danced, momentarily suspended in the air.
That gorgeous bastard had told him to be careful what he wished for.
hamishh
“You missed me.”
"I want to know anything you are willing to share. Please, do not apologize. This is your life. Why should you be sorry for it?" John's eyes widened, and turned away.
“I don’t understand why you didn’t mail them.”
? Stoic and glorious and wordless. Elegant prick. And why the
, thank you very much, and observing John’s every movement.
Sherlock stared, eyes widening. John stood, fidgeting with the hem of his coat. Sherlock ran his eyes across John’s windswept hair, his eyes, a blue more intense than he had witnessed before, perhaps because his navy jumper was peeking out of his black leather jacket.
“What?” John asked.
- The White Stripes
Sherlock nodded curtly. “Yes, best not to leave it to the media or another means of surprise.”
“So you’ve done it then.” It wasn’t a question, and John felt there was a hint of accusation in the statement. He opened his eyes to find Sherlock leaning against the counter, his legs crossed at the ankles. He was staring at John, eyes unwavering and looking a bit sadder than before.
“You know how important these things are to Molly. You
“I know what you looked like, and I will never
“Despite popular relief, being tied up isn’t always my thing.” John responded. Sherlock’s dusting of pink turned rose. “Pleased to meet you, Chachi. That was… brilliant.” She grinned ear to ear at John’s suggestive mouth.
John buckled the fastener under his chin. His uniform had him melting; it was upwards of 39°C. The doctor dragged the back of his wrist across his forehead in an attempt to eliminate the beads of sweat that were starting to gather there. He stood outside their encampment, waiting anxiously for something to happen. The past week, they had been told to keep a weather eye on the city, but were given no other information. Operation HERRICK at it’s very best, vague as hell. He was a part of medical squadron, after all. They were the mildest of the rest. In some ways it was reassuring to John – why would a band of healers be taken out? But then on the other, if we are the peacekeepers, we would be easy to destroy. Quite an easy target, indeed.
Won’t break now, I’m cleansed with hopefulness.*
Sherlock leaned against the counter and watched John. They had been staying with one another nearly every night since the Underground. Before this freakish incident,
“What’s wrong with having wine with take out?”
“Doctor John Watson.”
“Hi, Mr. Watson.”
Sherlock turned and stole a glance at John’s face. He made note of the wetness of John’s eyes and the tension in his shoulders. He said nothing, knowing now was no time for digging up what was sure to be a cavernous amount of rough background. He could hardly stand John leaking tears of happiness. He was certainly not prepared for the opposite. Sherlock watched John carefully, documenting the twitch of his right foot, covered in a gray wool sock; the way he sprawled out on a sofa that was not his,
“Yes, sir.”
“No. I mean other hobbies.”
*The Underground isn't necessarily a real organization, group, or event in London. The idea of it was inspired mostly by Underground street dancing, but also by The Adjustment Bureau. For those of you that haven't seen it, PLEASE WATCH IT. It's so. fucking. amazing.
Sherlock cleared his throat and stepped forward. “John, you’ve met Chachi. This is Sky,” he gestured to the frizzy haired brunette, eyes dark with makeup, a bar through her right eyebrow. She grinned, and shook John’s hand. “And this is Ginger.” Ginger was the tallest of the three, nearly two inches taller than John, and her dreads were pulled back in a bundle at the nape of her neck. They were cherry red at the tips, beads laced through some of them. Her eyes were bright and blue, her freckles even more apparent up close. John had a hard time reading her; her smile was small and tentative, but far from shy. If anything, she seemed distant and hard.
“This is fantastic.” John offered.
“Classy.” He wiped the silly tears from his eyes with the sleeve of his oatmeal colored jumper.
John lay awake in bed. Sherlock’s head was resting in the crook of his shoulder, his arm slung over John’s bare chest. There was a tiny, sick seed growing in the pit of John’s stomach. But dread on Christmas was not allowed. He scooted out from under Sherlock and crept into the kitchen.
“Think, John. What else happened almost one year ago, exactly?” Sherlock hiked his eyebrows on his forehead, as if he were giving Watson a hint.
John, feeling incredibly awkward and uncomfortable, finally mumbled, “I’m sorry…”
“Thank you so much for having us. We know your return trip was a bit stressful. How was the rest of the holiday?”
“Watson?”
“Ah, how kind of you. Thanks.” Occasionally considerate. Yep.
So sorry for the delayed post. It's been a bit of a crazy week. Here is Chapter 7; I hope it finds you well. If you aren't well, I hope it makes your life the tiniest bit better. You deserve it. <3
John remembered that Sherlock had mentioned two copies. John laughed, knowing that wasn’t the case. It was a Polaroid. Who copies a Polaroid? Sherlock obviously could not part with them, not until ten years after the fact. He carefully tucked the precious images back into the envelope and pulled out a third.
So please know, this "writer" would be absolutely nothing without her fantastic readers. I am so fucking thankful for you.
The detective’s eyes found his. They were kind, but spoke of other things repressed underneath the glassy surfaces.
She tilted her head to the side, face revealing her confusion.
“No. But I will tell you it isn’t too far a drive. Are you comfortable?” Sherlock snuck a sideways smirk over to John, his expression smug. John rolled his eyes.
He plucked two mugs from the dark cabinets and set them on the countertop.
“How long do I get to keep you?”
"Absolutely wretched, John. I loathe it. How do you do it?" Sherlock's eyes softened a bit, his eyebrows high in his head in a look of disbelief.  "I just wanted milk."
but the string of words that hit him hardest was this:
Molly was a vision. If you asked her if she was a graceful individual, she would deny it. But Sherlock knew she possessed grace in so many ways, not just on her feet. She was particularly fantastic with social graces, something she had thankfully rubbed off on Sherlock. It wasn’t an area he was truly daft, but he lacked the finesse of warm kindness. Molly was the epitome of it.
Sherlock opened the door and was greeted by a kiss from Jane and Molly. Callum gave him a firm shake and a confident smile. They hung their coats and moved toward the sound of company in the living room. Irene sat perched on the edge of John’s sofa, sporting a forest green dress and a glass of brandy. Rhys was chatting her up, hopelessly, and Egan and Violet were helping John and B with the refreshments in the kitchen. B turned to grab some ice from the freezer and smiled at Jane. She grinned back and walked up to Irene, reintroduced herself and joined Rhys on the couch. Another ring of the doorbell sounded through the small flat and Molly offered to answer.
, soaking in the ripples, the indention of the pen tip into the paper,
“Shit.” John gave a nervous laugh. Wesley’s brow creased, the confusion evident on his face. “His name’s Sherlock.” John let the bomb drop, explode and the aftermath settle as he knocked back the remainder of his Imperial. His left hand was trembling profusely. He clenched it tightly and found Callum’s eyes.
“I’m John Watson.”
“Your backhanded compliments are not going to neutralize this conversation, Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t be cheeky about my wife, Rhys. Violet could kick your ass and you know it.”
“You are an idiot, John Watson.”
synonyms: crash, accident, impact, smash, bump, hit, wreck, pileup
“Skimming for a bit of recreational reading, are we? I know you solved it nine chapters ago, so either you’re a masochist for enduring such terrible writing, or you’re intentionally pretending I’m not here. Either is fine, but regardless, I need to dress your wounds now. Six minutes of your time.”
sort through it. If you could pull him out after Harry, your presence can do anything.” She leaned forward, draping an arm around his damp jersey, and touched her forehead to his. “I promise.” She brushed her hands through his wavy brown hair, curling from the wet at the nape of his neck, and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. “Shower up. Dinner’s nearly ready.”
“Nice try, handsome.” John whispered. “That’s off limits. But I’ll watch, if you want the company.”
resolve (a problem or difficulty).
“Mycroft found her.”
, but she took no shit. Irene couldn’t fault Molly for being nice.
“Heya, Callum. Is Mols in?”
Sherlock took a magnetic step forward. It was hardly a step, more like a glide, and John watched in awe as Sherlock’s body began to move in subtle, tight shifts and clicks: first his right arm, out and up to his shoulder, his left hand to his chin. Then his Supras were turned in John’s direction and Sherlock’s legs were moving, feet lifting and hitting the ground again, small vibrations moving in gorgeous tremors all the way up to Sherlock’s eyes. They did not leave John’s face. They were darker now, more black than grey, and John’s attention was ripped to Sherlock’s hips, rolling sensually against the air, as if emulating a body that wasn’t visible for him to grind against. Sherlock extended his left hand out straight, and with a few tiny movements, he was giving John an undeniable “come hither” with his index finger. The onlookers yelled, clapping John on the back and hollering words of encouragement. Chachi smacked John hard on the arse. The foxiest smile to date played at the corner of Sherlock’s lips.
“How did you know I like Imperial Stout?!” John whispered in a tone of false admiration. He was feeling particularly cheeky tonight, and a bit braver than normal.
“Right.”
Impossible. Too many to choose from.
“And by the way, I
“Sure, yeah. Of course.” John watched, fascinated, as Sherlock disappeared into the room. He heard the hard case opening and closing, clicking shut. Sherlock stepped out, this time covered in a gray, tweed trench coat.
“Yes, that’d be nice. Thank you.” John shivered. He felt like that voice filled every empty space, even the tiny clouds inside electrons as they floated about within atoms.
Sherlock’s back arched, pushing his body further into John’s. John yanked off his jacket and tossed it to the floor, along with his keys. Sherlock let out a shaky breath and began again:
Why hadn’t anyone told him? He mulled it over in his head, trying to remember the last three weeks. Could Molly have mentioned it and he had just deleted it? After all, John Watson had held no particular significance before three days ago. He looked up to find John staring at him, waiting for some sort of response. Sherlock raised an eyebrow, hoping that would be enough to prompt John to continue.
My pillows still smell like you. :)
Sherlock acknowledged the heaviness in the pit of his stomach with a bit of dislike. This feeling was foreign to him, and was becoming more and more difficult to identify. It was a treacherous line between anxiety and exhilaration, and Sherlock couldn’t decide which it was more of.
Sherlock grinned. "Ah. That reference I do know, quite well." Sherlock paused a moment, and then hummed an affirmative noise.
“You were saying?” he murmured into Sherlock’s neck.
“The bullet they just dug out of the wall is from a handgun. A kill shot over that distance, from that kind of a weapon, that's a crack shot you're looking for but not just a marksman, a fighter. His hands couldn't have shaken at all so clearly he's acclimatized to violence. He didn't fire until I was in immediate danger though so strong moral principle. You're looking for a man probably with a history of military service and...” Sherlock saw John, standing stoic and blank outside the tape, as if he had been there waiting all along. Realization crept in. “Nerves of steel— Actually, do you know what, ignore me.”
Okay, my love. We are here if you need us. John, too.
Molly extracted the keys from her purse and wiggled one into the lock. She turned to Sherlock and gave him a look. It was one he hadn’t seen on her: something fragile, gentle, pleading. They stepped inside and Callum was lounging on the sofa.
“Well that’s just it, B. Remember those two or three weeks I was a complete prat before finals?” The entire team nodded far too enthusiastically. “Oy! Alright, yeah. It was rough, I know.” John felt a tiny trace of nausea sweep his stomach. The boys chuckled.
John carried the Chinese take away up the stairs and into the kitchen. He pulled each container from the plastic bag and felt Sherlock at his side, drifting in from the couch at the smell of dinner. A pale index finger and thumb reached out and plucked a shrimp from John’s lo mein.
“Would you mind if I walk with you across campus? I know where the admissions office is located, and it's time for my early evening smoke.”
“Only during my peak season.”
Silence found them again and Sherlock went on to wash the evidence from John’s skin.
Sherlock’s body was practically humming with sexual tension. He was a man of class, intelligence, and painfully articulate manners. But tonight was not about that man. He was halfway tempted to pin John to the wall and initiate it, all of it, anything, right then.
They stood in silence. Sherlock typically preferred this. People tend to talk too much, or believe their words to be far more important than they actually are. He sensed that John had observed this about him, and wondered what other deductions the sharp captain had made.
The couple looked up to find his eyes. They swept their hands towards them, calling their best friends onto the floor. John quirked his eyebrow at Jane and dramatically extended his hand, taking a deep bow.
"It wasn't your fault," he whispered into John's gold streaked hair.
“Right then. Better go ahead and start giving them a ring. Might be good to just have everyone meet at my flat tonight. Does that work for you?”
460 days.
“You’re up early.” It came between huge huffs of air, that gorgeous voice of his. It still seemed a bit touched by sleep.
They fell into bed, a tangle of limbs, and Sherlock traced the slice down John’s ribs, following the line with his tongue. He kissed and nipped the inside of John’s hip and began tugging at his belted trousers. Those gorgeous hands were at his button, pulling his zipper, yanking off John’s clothes. John was laughing, tracing the lines of Sherlock’s alabaster torso, dragging his nails down the detective’s back, wrapping his hands around his neck and pulling him down, down, down. He was nibbling Holmes’ ear, running his tongue across the taut flesh of the man’s chest, running his free hand across the glorious hardness between those perfect legs. Watson grabbed Sherlock’s hand and slowly enveloped two pale fingers with his mouth. His tongue traced them like a study; they tasted of copper and sweat and warm spice. Sherlock’s eyes were lidded, looking down at John, and a small moan escaped his damp, pouting lips. He rubbed Sherlock through his trousers with his cheek, then kissed him through the dampening fabric. John’s hair was being pulled; the feeling was more arousing than he suspected it would be. “John.” Sherlock was coming apart tiny piece by tiny piece and it was all John’s doing.
“I’m proud of you,” Jane said softly. The taunt had left her voice. John glanced up at her. Her face was gentle.
“John, I…”
Inspiration for Sky, Ginger, and
“Why didn’t you respond?” John felt the familiar, hot pinpricks in his tear-ducts.
Sherlock collapsed into the warm, unmade bed, relishing the feeling of soft sheets against his naked skin. He tucked a pillow into the curve of his neck and reached out to pluck the metal chain of his bedside lamp. The alarm mocked him: 4:32 am. Three hours of sleep would have to be sufficient.
Sherlock’s voice had started to deepen from talking. It was gruff and throaty, echoing in John’s ears. There were no words to describe how much he had missed him.
He touched Sherlock gently, a ghosting of fingers against hard, swollen flesh, and Sherlock gasped, pulling air from John’s open mouth. Their lips lingered, exchanging the remnants of their lungs, occasional contact of their mouths electrocuting John down to his now overly-supplied blood cells. A shudder dove up his spine at the joining of Sherlock’s hand, curious, delicate, and gentle. John’s body keened at the sensation of their fingers interlocked, his breath shaking out of his body as Sherlock’s eyes kept his. John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, nose brushing his cheek, as they found a rhythm together. Sherlock shifted enough to kiss John on his temple, the bone above his brows, the bridge of his nose.
she could be from Callum’s recollections of him and Molly in their early years, she would never let on to her darker side in public. She shook her head. “He never makes me do anything I’m not comfortable with. He knows me quite well, actually.”
“Want to come to the next performance with me?”
He found a loaf and tossed it into his basket. He scribbled the item off the list.
Practice came back full force. The boys were well rested and eager for their last match of the season, even though they knew their captain would work them literally to the bone. Jasper was healing from John’s sprints, Egan and Rhys feeling the wrath as they fell into scrums with the ruthless blonde, and Callum just trying to keep stride with John’s pace. B and Wesley spent two extra hours in the weight room each day in an attempt to add on just a little extra bulk, if at all possible.
Sherlock picked up his mug and habitually raised his eyebrow. “Yes, well. Don’t get used to it.” And with that, Sherlock walked into the living room, plopped into his gray, leather chair and turned on the telly.
. He pressed the palm of his hand firmly to the scar on his left shoulder. It had been giving him more trouble than usual this week, but John was used to it. It always ached when he was in a bad place.
John stood up and brushed the curls away from Sherlock’s face. The detective stilled instantly. “Get some rest, Sherlock. We’re moving to the facility tomorrow.” Watson headed for the opening of the tent and paused, one shoulder already mostly through. “Don’t apologize for who you are. Just remember not everyone can be like you, and we don’t deserve to be punished for that.”
people
“Tell me how you found me?” John had been dying, quite literally, to know how his knight had come to his rescue. It was an impossible feat, to find a dying man in the middle of the desert, with no tracking device, no leads…
That's exactly what I am, right?
“I trust no better man for the job than you, Captain Watson. Deduce me.”
. It was heaven), holding on for dear life for fear that when he opened his eyes, the man would disappear.
John stared at the dimly lit mobile. It shone brightly in the dark of his bedroom, the green and gray speech bubbles scrolling as John read through the conversation for the seventh time. He closed his eyes and pulled the feeling of Sherlock’s hands on him from his memory. Remembering those generous, giving, lush lips against his was pure misery. He rolled to his side, shoving his face into a pillow and groaned. John had hardly slept the last two nights, doing his very best to properly recite the entire kiss in agonizing detail so that it was committed to his long term memory. Sherlock’s skin had been so soft to the touch. He remembered his hand underneath Sherlock’s ridiculous trench, counting the ribs as he went, heat radiating from every bit of him. The man was a fucking magnet, and there was nothing John could do now but to be completely and utterly drawn to him.
“Do you think, just maybe, I’ll be capable of making a few proper deductions this time ‘round?” John had given in to instinct and was ready to eat Sherlock alive.
The redhead strolled forward, bare feet barely making a sound against the hardwood floors of his room. Her hair was down and curled, John’s absolute favorite on her, and black eyeliner traced the top of her lids, causing her green eyes to radiate. “For you to take me out, show me off, bring me home…” Her mouth was skimming his ear now, breath ghosting across his neck. “And wreck me.” She laced her hand through the hair at the nape of his neck and gave a playful tug. John chuckled.
“Never a better time,” Sherlock replied, a smirk playing across his mouth. “Come on, then.”
Molly and Callum's dance:
Sherlock glanced up at the indication of movement. He raised an eyebrow and a small hum left his throat. Speak of the devil, and he shall appear. Captain Watson was growing closer, running at a comfortable sprint. The detective looked back into his mug, trying to drown the thoughts of the way John’s muscles flexed around his bones, what he would look like with a gun poised in his hand, forearms taut from steady, hungry, eager flesh, how he toed off his trainers after PT each morning and slid into the showers. Heat from something other than his drink filled the detective’s abdomen and he groaned in frustration. It took nothing. Literally nothing at all. One, tiny thought. He raised his eyes again at the sound of heavy breathing. The doctor was walking toward him, hands braced on his hips, chest heaving, head tilted back revealing the beautiful hollow of his throat. He took a hand through sweat soaked hair, and then lifted the hem of his shirt to wipe the excess moisture from his brow. Sherlock’s muscles tensed at the tiny revelation of sunkissed skin under John Watson’s perfectly ordinary t-shirt. There was a delicious line of definition right where the captain’s shorts hit his lower half. One perfect indention next to each hip, diving deep and hinting at the strength of Watson’s body. Sherlock wanted to run his tongue there, taste the saltiness of John’s skin, feel his hot, pulsating hands near his ears. He wanted to be the reason Watson was out of breath.
He had nothing. There was nothing he could deduce, not a single string he could pull…
“It’s a method of transportation, John. What else would you believe it to be?”
“Stamford! How are you, mate?” John jogged up and slung his arm around Mike’s shoulder, giving him a squeeze.
"What does it mean?" He wrapped his fingers around John's wrist.
John took a seat on the opposite side of the sofa and found Sherlock’s eyes. They were wide and soft and full of a million, beautiful things. Watson willed himself to hold it together, because this was the best moment of his
The tights and hooded sweatshirt hit the solid gray rug on the floor and Sherlock eased into the steaming water. His tired arms stretched around the side of the tub, cup of chamomile in one hand, and he let his skull clunk against the cold, black tile of the wall. He sighed. Tomorrow he would do it all over again. A small smile took his mouth.
Callum smirked. “Get outta bed. I picked up some tea for us.” John rolled over, scrubbed his face with his hands and inhaled, the sharp smell of black tea filling his nose.
She laid her hand on top of his and looked at him, tears brimming in her eyes.
“Johnny?”
“She took my skull.”
“I brought you tea,” he murmured. He reached into the seat next to him to extract a to-go cup from the bundle of leather jacket and gloves; he had wrapped the beverage up to keep it warm. Sherlock felt dizzy, like he had gotten up far too fast after resting for an extended period of time. John stood and walked to the edge of the stage, extending the drink up into Sherlock’s hand. He took it dazedly; for a few moments he drank John in instead. He was beautiful; he wore gray trousers that hugged him across the hips and a navy blue sweater. The shirt tails of his tan, checked shirt covered his pockets. But it all paled in comparison to the sweet glow of his skin and the color of his irises, more blue than ever when paired with his damp, blonde lashes. Sherlock set the drink down and jumped easily from the stage, placing himself only centimeters from John.
“You know what.” John nodded his head toward Sherlock’s now mostly healed arms. The pink was still a jarring contrast to his milk white skin. The detective’s mouth opened and shut a few times, attempting to formulate words and failing.
prove me wrong
He picked up his whiskey glass and took a sip, raising his eyebrows over the rim. As he set it down, he whispered into the microphone, “just a little liquid courage.” He saw Sherlock smile from the corner of his eye, the last little push into action.
“So. Tell us about holiday.”
Sherlock cocked his head to the side, eyebrows knitting into a question.
John stared at Sherlock, eyes unchanged. His voice dropped to a low whisper. “I’m not sure what happened there, Mr. Holmes, or what your life in London is like. But I can assure you, no one
“I’ll take it!” Jane offered. “I’m Jane Jesep. You must be Sherlock! Molly talks about you all the time!”
“Pleased to meet you, Graham. And cheers! Tell your father I said thank you. That’s one hell of a compliment.”
It chimed again, and vibrated in John’s hand.
“Rehearsal went all right, then?” John asked from the crook of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. Sherlock gave him a gentle squeeze around the shoulders and kissed the top of John’s head.
It took them nearly three hours to finish their takeaway, and by the end of it, John was in far too deep.
“I thought I was the only one who could leave you so thoroughly debauched.”
"he avowed that he had voted Republican in every election"
Sherlock smirked and nodded, stood up and glided back to the stage. John knew their tutoring session was over, and that it had been successful. He packed his bags up and rested his feet on the row of seats in front of him, ready to keep audience as Sherlock continued to play. He watched the elegant man pick up his violin with delicate movements, and bring it to rest on his shoulder. He placed the bow to the strings and John closed his eyes and leaned back, ready to allow the music to consume him.
John felt his heart move into double time. “Of course,” grateful his voice came out evenly.
“For fuck’s sake!” Egan said good-naturedly. Rhys was an animal, and everyone knew it. They had all learned that no woman was safe from Rhys’ endless string of vulgar commentary. Except Molly. Callum had said his fair share, but Molly had been the one to set him straight. One, solid smack across the face. John remembers the snarling words that left her mouth so well: “You will
Then the line went dead.
“I am about to leave you yet again. I was too foolish to realize the severity of my decision the first time. Now I am wholly aware of my stupendous failure in decision making, and yet you continue to stand by me.” Sherlock opened his mouth and John raised his hand. “No. I need to say this. It is cruel, what I have done. Allowed myself to give in to the feelings I have somehow managed to keep under wraps, at least in my own head, for the near two years we have been friends. You have been patiently waiting for me to come home to you, hoping for the best but expecting nothing, and now I have done this…” John hand crossed weakly and aimlessly through the air.
The muscles of his stomach contracted, sucking all the breath from his lungs. He felt the bile rise in his throat and the imminent threat was there. His stomach clenched twice more before emptying its contents. His arms had sprawled out, covering the lid, and he slumped against the cold porcelain. His right cheek rested against the fabric of his blazer. Tears leaked from his eyes and he took time to steady his breath. No matter how many times he went through the withdrawal process, he could never acclimate to this feeling. He detested it. Eventually he stood on shaky legs, and John opened the door. He extended a cold paper towel, and Sherlock’s toiletries.
“It wasn’t alright. It was more than alright. It was perfect. It was the best day of my life, and likely will be until the day I die. The venue was gorgeous, our best man and maid of honor were phenomenal and our parents cried and I cried and you cried and you… you were gorgeous, Callum, with your puffy eyes and brilliant smile. The way you looked at me when I set foot in that aisle…” Emotion froze the words in her throat; a lump expanded, sore and dull and wonderful. “You’re perfect.” She choked out, eyes brimming and wet. She tilted her chin up to meet Callum’s mouth, his lips warm and wet and gentle on hers. His hand found the line of her jaw, his fingertips woven into the hair at the nape of her neck. She whispered his name, soft and still against his pliant mouth, and a quiet moan left his throat. He pulled her up from the chair roughly, wrapping one arm around her waist, the other around her backside and she felt her knees go weak.
"Was Hamish a good boy?" John asked both Greg and Hamish, Hamish giggled.
She was just a bit shorter than Georgina with unmistakable sandy brown hair and eyes that flashed slightly. She came in cautiously, reserved even as her eyes immediately moved to John and didn't leave him. Her face was tight with emotion but relief spread in her eyes and her mouth twitched into a slightly smile. John stood up and cautiously walked towards her, reaching out to gently touch her arm. Their movements were hesitant, which Sherlock registered as a sort of test. It was plain to see
“Please love, please! If you… If you continue…” John gasped as his body began to clench and Sherlock pulled away.
"John is not ready to come back to work yet and until my
"You do not even know me."
you." John looked momentarily confused. "He wanted to strike at me in a way that I had never opened myself up to before. In a way that
Too long they had gone without touching one another and Sherlock could not stop the small sounds that came from him as John continued his explorations. His lips and fingers trailing over every inch of pale skin available to him, slowly and with the purpose of reacquainting himself with his husband. Sherlock's arousal grew and waned in alternating measures as John took his time exploring his love. He kept his eyes closed, sinking back more comfortably onto the pillows moaning John's name softly as John's tongue lathed attention over his slowly pebbling nipples. He dug his fingers into the bed, desperate to give John all the freedom he could afford while trying with all he had to retrain himself.
"I can't have you using that increasingly incredible mind of yours to find out what I'm going to do before I do it." Sherlock purred against his ear before backing away. "Now address me properly." Sherlock commanded and a smack echoed off the walls. John grunted and moaned as the sting of leather arced across his thigh. The riding crop.
“Sherlock…” John gasped, struggling to get free. Blood beginning to trickle down his stomach.
They cleaned up and dressed, Sherlock enjoying how John was still so pleased by his new clothing and enjoying how well it framed his husbands' body. They shared another deep kiss before Sherlock opened the door to find Anthea waiting with two of their feeders. The two fed deeply, and though Sherlock sensed the rise of lust within his husband he also felt how John was beginning to control it. They both adjusted their clothing and prepared themselves to head down the stairs and face Lord Moran, who was pacing the length of the dining room, waiting for the two Holmes men to join him. He was crisply dressed in a dark red outfit that looked like it belonged to an age gone by. His dark brown hair and brown eyes flashed around the room as he felt the flutter of energy that signaled the two coming closer to him. He closed his eyes for a moment, his mind stalling as want of seeing John filled his chest. It had been many years since he'd had anything other than cold distance and fear from him. He hoped now that would be different. He forced himself to let those thoughts go as he heard their footfall in the hall. He looked up, his eyes easily attaching themselves to John and taking in how well he looked in his new vampiric state and noble dress. John's outfit was a dark blue, which brought out his eyes and the cut was perfect for his form. He looked more striking than Sebastian had ever seen him look. Sherlock saw Sebastian's lingering gaze and let out a soft, animalistic growl which only grew darker when he saw that John blushed. Sherlock wrapped his arm tightly around John's waist and Sebastian took the hint.
“You ran, you hid in the library and it made me ache.” John began but Sherlock put his finger over his lips to silence him.
"John," He hummed, forcing the kiss to stop. "What do you know about us?" He asked, directing him to sit down. John handed him the leather volume and the rolled parchment. He quickly scanned them. "These handwritten notes are yours?" He asked in awe.
"Yes. I shall be in my chamber." Sherlock said quietly, stalking away. Mycroft sighed and leaned against the railing, his body trembling slightly with the feeling of his brother's pain and the many emotions running through the mender who had remained below and heard every word. "Brother mine..." He whispered softly, a tear falling. John was filled with dread. Sherlock was going to leave. He was going to remove himself from their home because he believed John no longer loved him. It was too much.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I am loath to interrupt however..." Mycroft began, but Sherlock cut him off.
"I'm here, John." Sherlock whispered, dragging his chair closer to the bed and resting his head against John's gently. John felt a tear that wasn't his own fall on his cheek.
"What?" Both of them were panting hard, John harder than Sherlock but both of them stared deeply into the others eyes.
"There's so much and it is all still very disorganized in my mind. Though what Mycroft just told me has cleared a lot of it up. It seems that Moriarty had his eye on me for quite some time before he first made an appearance where I could see him. I think that is why Mycroft setup for you and I to meet, so I would have an ally against the oncoming storm as it were," Sherlock's voice was even and focused as he worked gently, checking the wound over like he was shown. "But Moriarty wasn't prepared for that variable and you quite literally shot his plan full of holes. There are still a lot of pieces that don't fit quite right, I'm missing something bigger about it all." He sighed, conceding he was at a loss.
" Sherlock's voice was soft as he walked John along outside the house in his memory.
“John, of course.” Mycroft frowned as Sherlock spoke. “I know she brought him here and I can sense he is close. It makes me glad he is free of the beast.”
"I SAID GET OUT!" John raged, he turned over to look at Mycroft in anger and all of the color bled from his face. His eyes fell on the one man he'd been desperate to see. The one thing in all the world he didn't even have hope for anymore. He trembled hard.
John wouldn't be so
“This is only the third night.” John said quietly, pausing in his writing to look up at the other. Mycroft realized in that moment that John knew nothing of Sherlock’s warning and it inspired a dark feeling of possessiveness that Mycroft had considered himself above.
"Yes, Kitty." Sherlock sighed but didn't click his tongue.
“If you had told me seven years ago I’d be watching
"What. An. Idiot." John forced out, emphasizing each word.
"As near as we can tell it's just six people in there. The thermals hard to read…" Lestrade offered, trying to give him more data. Sherlock growled.
- John's armchair currently contained Sherlock's violin, skull, cigarettes, and a letter on beige cardstock with a lipstick imprint. In a convenient place so that when John rolled over he could look at the items. The
“Where is our John?” Anthea demanded of Anna.
"John will be taken from the flat to some other location, likely one of these warehouses. She's not going to do anything that will put him in mortal danger right away, no." He tapped his foot aware that pacing was not exactly condoned in a place like this. "The entire point of this charade is for me to see him hurt. To see him suffer." His voice caught and John gently took his hand in his own. "So she's going to be there, wherever he is waiting for me to find them. If Moriarty were alive he would have already adjusted the plan once we'd moved to the manor. But he's not and he obviously did not expect me to be afraid enough to leave Baker Street, so she has simply waited  for the signs that the plan could be continued where it left off. It was foolish and I have to concede it's very distressing that he would have even put this plan in motion it's a sentimental notion that is doomed to fail because he himself is not pulling the strings."
- There was a smudge on his cheek of green -
"Marcus Watson is the one responsible for all six murders." Sherlock sighed. Well that was
"Are you sure?"
"I told him our arrangement. He gets to keep his son if he gives up his husband." He continued on simply, not even looking at John. John tried to speak but his voice was caught in his throat.
"My Lady has also come to understand that she, without intention of her own, participated in the injury you received during those dark days at our manor. It seems that Lord Moriarty forced her to believe it was necessary for your presence and also forced her to feign greater illness than she was experiencing in order to secure the promise from you that you would remain to inform him of the news of her pregnancy which he already suspected. She has unwittingly participated in these great injuries to you for months without her knowledge and it has greatly troubled her heart to learn of it. She had been poisoned in her own mind and haunted by the words she spoke to you last, so much so that she had been unable to eat or take rest without the assistance of herbs and my skills. She has been robbed of something precious within her own mind and she wishes your forgiveness.  She has also become quite afraid for her own life and that of her child." The servant finished softly as Elizabeth continued to sob, clutching John’s hands even tighter.
"No." Sherlock spoke from his position by the door, his voice thick in his throat. Every muscle in John's body tensed as he sat up straight, taking a slow shaking breath before slowly,
Just out of sight Meaghan helped John stand and gently carried him to a room in one of the towers. She helped him into the bed, a deep worried frown on her face as she looked at him. He was crying, only this time she could not help the tears of her own that joined his. He had suffered so much violence since he had been captured and what small solace she could provide him when out of her father’s sight could do nothing to salve the wound he was experiencing now. She let him have his grief, not speaking as she carefully tended to him in what ways she could without them giving away their secret to her father. After some time she knelt down beside him and took his hand in her own.
It was a deadly and dangerous thing to do, Sherlock had not fed in three days testing himself and his hunger. He also felt the powerful heat of arousal sweep through his body as this man so easily sank into the knowledge of what he was without fear. How John simply gave himself over to the inescapable truth that Sherlock himself had been avoiding for six years. He slowly sank his teeth in, growling deliriously as John's essence poured into his mouth, John moaning under him. He drank only a little, not so much as he wished, but enough that he would be able to learn everything about John as he rested during the next day. When he pulled back, that ruby essence gleaming on his lips he panted. John groaned.
"No! Master, please touch..."
When they arrived in their chambers Sherlock had no sooner bolted the door before John had pushed him into it, their mouths coming back together with a violent heat. Sherlock tried to tug John’s shirt off only to have his hands pinned against the door at his sides. John hummed as he moved and began to nip at Sherlock’s neck, enjoying the soft moans his mate was trying to contain. Sherlock nearly shouted when John’s knee brushed against his awakening erection and did shout when John bit down on his neck the second time.
“Easy my love, easy,” James whispered, cupping Sherlock’s cheek. His eyes soft with false emotion and his touch gentle, as if luring Sherlock into safety.  “That evil man is far away now. He can hurt you no longer. I have brought you home my love.” He whispered, trying to kiss Sherlock who pulled away violently.
"Yes, he fears losing me." John whispered, his eyes caught in Mycroft's gaze.
"I was unable to speak with you during your wedding celebrations and thus was unable to convey some things to you that I wished to. Then I heard you were traveling so I was certain I would be unable to for some time. However when I arrived here last week to visit some of my kin I was happily informed that you were here also." He sank down into the chair across from John, surveying him. "I must say, John, this life suits you magnificently." He smiled motioning to John's form and Sherlock could see the Solvanar shield around Sebastian's neck. Sherlock tensed but John gently placed his hand on Sherlock's to try and calm him.
The story of the Pirate Prince and his first mate Captain John will be beautiful, fluffy, and amazing! Check back soon!
“Your Daddy just got something important.” Mrs. Hudson said to Hamish, wiping a bit of flour off his cheek. John ripped open the letter and his eyes went wide.
Sherlock hoisted John up, ripping his dressing gown open and pinning him violently between the wall and his body. He slammed his hips into him, growling as John moaned and writhed. Sherlock knew John had been writhing under Mycroft for hours, but he was still so tight and so very needy. The arousal pouring off John built and swirled in Sherlock's body until he could think of nothing else but the warm heat surrounding him. He growled in possessiveness, his primal instinct to mark what was his blooming and raging in his chest. He furiously claimed John again and again against the wall until John shouted and released so hard he almost passed out. Sherlock followed soon after, managing a few more pumps of his hips before filling John and collapsing against the wall. John's legs slowly sank to the floor, but he clung to Sherlock to keep himself standing. Both of them panting and staring in each other's eyes in silence for a long time.
"What?" John sat up slightly, not removing Sherlock's arm but finally opening his eyes to survey their situation. Sherlock was fully dressed, still in his clothing from the night before. A clear sign his mind was still working in "case" mode. As if to accentuate John's deduction a case file lay open on Sherlock's chest but half the pages were now on the floor. He'd fallen asleep without intending to. John blushed as he realized that Sherlock had come into his room after he'd fallen asleep to again be sure he was safe from his nightmares.
"Or you." John cut him off and he clicked his tongue.
Time began to move quickly for John, the days and nights blurring as he and Mycroft sought information on their lost lover. They grasped at every lead, no matter how improbable, until they were both exhausted and disheartened. The first decade passed quickly and brought with it a terrible blow to John’s heart – James had succeeded in convincing a vampire tribunal to annul Sherlock and John’s wedding and to allow James to marry Sherlock. The tribunal did not go as far as to blame John however, as no one truly believed James’ falsehoods that John had harmed Sherlock in any way, however they were unable to bring light to John’s version of events with Sherlock adamantly defending James. The wedding was drawing closer and closer and in the months before the wedding many events were thrown to celebrate. Mycroft, in effort to spare John’s heart as much as possible, turned down a myriad of invitations – however when the local Duchess issues an invitation to a masquerade ball she was throwing in honor of the couple the Holmes clan was unable to refuse. Mycroft pleaded with John to attend, nearly begging because he did not want to face the couple alone. John finally relented, though he was not pleased in doing so.
"So you have a history of healing vampires before you even truly began your studies." Mycroft said thoughtfully.
“What is this plan you spoke of? Why does he look at me as if he knows me?”
That afternoon Anthea made her way to the library only to find John exiting the room on his way to feed. He cautiously looked around to ensure Sherlock was not in the hallway, smiling just a bit when he saw Anthea. She motioned for him to follow her and lead him outside to the terrace.
" John's eyes fluttered closed and his breathing slowed as he did what Sherlock instructed him to do. "
"I… I don't know." Sherlock whispered looking down.
"If you need me you can text." Sherlock offered softly.
"John..." Sherlock tried to cut in.
"I tried... I tried everything." John said eagerly, feeling as if he failed.
"There has to be..." She cut him off.
The hatred of one man may be enough to bring the world crashing to a halt for John and Sherlock.
"Love, you can't sleep on the table. It'll hurt your back." Sherlock whispered, kneeling down beside him.
“There was nothing you could do. He had trapped me. He lured me in, in fact I found out, though he still does not know that what small amounts of his blood he provided me showed me the truth, that he actually poisoned his clan both times. He found out about my aptitude through his various spies and intended to use the first illness to bring me in. When I was able to refuse, he programmed Ana to resist him and then when the time was right, and I was far enough away from you and Mycroft he struck at me using her. I believe he has used Moriarty’s desire for you as a method of achieving his own ends, using it as a means to pull you from my side. He was in France before you were taken and he abused me after he found me bloodied and broken. He intended for Moriarty to attack us, however he was supposed to be there when it happened. He was going to use my broken mind to compel me to be with him. That is why Moriarty had two daggers instead of only one.”
"J..." The younger Sebastian began but shivered and fell silent. He tried to speak again but found himself unable to.
"If we must, but you must tell me right this moment - do you wish to be with him?"
"I can break you right now if you want. Make you my pet. But that's not what I'm after." Sherlock sat back and mused, running his nails over John's now red ass cheek. "But it seems like you're into punishment, aren't you Captain?" There was a laugh in his voice that was purely indecent, another spank, and this time on the other side followed by another desperate groan. "God look at you…" Nails dug into his hips as Sherlock moved.
"He tried to enter my mind, which he has never been able to do."
"I had Lestrade bring some of your things downstairs and put them into my room. I thought," There was just a moment of uncertainty in his features before he took a breath and regained his composure. "I thought it would be best if you didn't try to go up and down the stairs too much just yet. Since my room is closer to the kitchen and the bathroom as well..."
"Sherlock I've got a life now." He looked away.
"Uh, arrangements," John sat up fully. He ran his hand over his face a few times trying to push the sleep from his eyes. "Did you call him last night?" Sherlock smirked as he watched John try to force his sleep addled brain into action.
"Come home?!" John moved to get up, he needed to move. The room suddenly felt claustrophobic. The damn Holmes brothers...
. You did not realize how much I care for you." Sherlock said softly, pain on his face. "Which implies I have not done well enough showing you." He sighed as he ran his hand up through John's hair. "I have never had a talent for expressing matters of the heart and things relating to love. Honestly I never thought there was need to do so, as no one ever garnered my interest, though many did try. It was not until you that anyone succeeded in stealing away my thoughts so readily that I can scarcely recall the moment my life was signed over to you. You are so much more than you allow yourself credit for. You have suffered and survived from the moment of your birth. Darkness has sought you to be its' companion and yet you have refused it, instead bringing your light to those who would revel in the darkness for lack of knowledge of what it is like to walk in the sun." John blushed and looked up into Sherlock's eyes, reading his emotion there as he inhaled the scent of his mate.
"It is morning, Mycroft. But let's wait and see if it turns out to be a good one." John's voice and face were both tight with emotion and meaning.
"Jacob Pendergrass is not a suspect in this Sherlock. He isn’t here to try to cover something up, he’s running from someone.” John sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Yes he and I served together different units but same time frame. He came home and retired just before I was sent home. He is the last actual male heir to the Pendergrass name."
"Don't patronize me!" He snapped his fingers crossed in front of his chin.
"Oh? The things I've done?" Mycroft said softly, rather surprised to hear John attempting to threaten him.
"We could have," Sherlock conceded. "She was completely deranged, I could not have anticipated that. I also realized too late that this entire charade was aimed at her as well. Not just at me and John…" His voice was distant as he tried to block the emotion he was feeling. His eyes fell on the bandage on John's chest and he growled softly. She'd marked
"I would never..."
“Please, I need to see Lord John.” Alexandra said in a tremulous voice.
"You... You should have stayed." John forced out, moaning deeply. "You do not..."
"No. I blocked your face. I couldn't..." A tremble ran through John's body, betraying his sorrow.
"I'm already up, so don't worry." Lestrade grinned from the edge of the hallway, laughing as both of them blushed and started slightly. "He's spent hours practicing, you know. Mrs. Hudson used to get so angry. I think he had seven noise complaints from her."
"For Mycroft guest is a relative term." Sherlock answered the unasked question as they walked through the door. "I believe Mycroft uses it more for those who don't want to be found than for anyone he's entertaining. He has an entire wing in his manor that he uses for actual guests. Mum used to scold him so for it."
Mycroft woke first, grunting when he realized that John was no longer in bed with the brothers. Sherlock slowly dragged his lashes up to look up at his brother, wondering briefly at the fact they were curled together like lovers. Anthea gave a soft knock and entered as soon as Mycroft expressed his permission.
face, but as always it eluded him. Sherlock meanwhile had slipped a small black case, just big enough for a key from his pocket and tapped it idly against his lips. It was something he'd taken to doing just in the last few months, since Harry's death. He wouldn't tell John what was in the case, only that it was a memento he wasn't quite ready to share. They arrived back at Baker Street and John opened the door with a sigh. He went to move towards Mrs. Hudson's flat when he saw a little envelope taped to the railing. Sherlock pulled it down and read it in a whisper.
Please note this store does contain an original backstory made by me which includes characters I created and modifications/additions to canon characters. It also includes mention of hate crimes and homophobia. This chapter isn't very graphic with only a little smut but it's building darkness for the coming days.
"Daddys! I missed you!" Hamish reached out and grabbed John's scarf pulling it free in his attempt to pull John closer. "Daddy! Did you get huwt?"
“The same wound…” John mumbled to himself, checking over the body.  Sherlock felt it nag at his mind but the two fell silent as they took in the details of the scene.
"Alright, I've got him," John whispered and shimmied out from under Sherlock's head slowly padding into their bedroom. There sprawled out across the dark purple sheets of his fathers’ bed, a little boy with sandy brown wavy locks looked up at John and immediately stopped crying. His goal obviously achieved he crawled over towards John, reaching up for him. John scooped the little boy up easily, cradling him to his chest and carding a hand through those soft locks gently."My poor Hamish, what's a wrong my love?" He whispered, nuzzling his nose against the tiny one pressed into cheek. Hamish sniffled softly and clung to John’s shirt, balling it up in his tiny fists.
They remained in the shower for another ten minutes before Sherlock pried John out of the warm water and into some dry clothes. The two of them lay down and within minutes had fallen to sleep in the wide expanse of the bed. A short while after they fell asleep Hamish crawled up between them, both of them easily shifting in their slumber to make room for the little boy. And that was how Greg found them four hours later. He knocked softly and all three of them opened their sleepy eyes in confusion.
"Don't patronize me Mycroft. I know there's more that you're hiding but this will have to be enough to be going on with. If we're going to make it through this and all not end up in hospital somewhere we need to be even on all sides. So long as
“There you are, my John.” He purred, as he moved to nip and lick down the Mender’s neck. “You are power made physical, that you give me this level of control over you does more to me than I can ever express.” Sherlock’s constant litany of praise and love continued as he worked his love open. When his mouth became too occupied to speak, he allowed the words to flow through their bond, never ceasing to praise the Mender as he worked in him over and over.
“I am sorry love, Moriarty took him before I knew he was here.” Mycroft whispered.
"You disarmed her when I didn't even know she had a gun or that you had the ability to that. You're definitely not the man I imagined you to be John Watson." He leaned in to kiss him.
" Sherlock's voice was a low growl, he was tense laying in his bed. He drummed his fingers angrily against the table beside his bed, his attention focused and narrow. He slowly stopped and pulled his hands together holding them below his chin as he focused.
"Being physically ill makes them come back. I didn't have to hide them this time because you haven't been sleeping." He sighed.
"Oh yes, please." Her smile broadened and she moved over to sit at the table, giving Sherlock answers to his questions as he went through the papers.
“I said go!” He raged and she turned her horse and tore off for the coast.
"No sweets." He said sternly and Hamish crossed his arms, pouting.
? "She has made contact with more than just you. And though it is vague communication I believe her intention is simply to establish her presence." He gave his signature smirk as he turned his attention back to Sherlock. John returned to his tea, happy to have the scrutiny removed from himself. "Sherlock, I'm afraid I must pry you away from your happy reunion and send you to Scotland Yard today. It seems
"Be careful, 'Mish, it's hot." Sherlock chided softly.  John was half asleep but listened as Hamish and Sherlock spoke softly.
. His thoughts lingered back to waking up from a nightmare to see his face there filled with concern. Half dressed even. The sound of the kettle falling in the sink jolted John away from his less than innocent thinking and he stood, moving out into the main part of the house. He entered the kitchen, running his hands over his face and had to fight a laugh. Sherlock looked so
"I did, however that was due only to my previous experience with my brothers' brooding moods. He may take longer when the issue concerns you, little mender. I apologize that he has not yet returned to you, however I am here and trying to assist you through. Please John... Please take rest." John met Mycroft's eyes and was surprised by the deep concern reflected in them. He had not expected his actions to move Mycroft so deeply. He was forced to look away, blushing with shame. Mycroft had been caring so kindly for him and he'd been focused on Sherlock. He knew this was right, Sherlock was his husband however he felt shame blossom in his stomach. His heart was conflicted and his mind ached, Sherlock was his love, his bondmate; yet it felt wrong of him to have ignored Mycroft so fully. He kissed Mycroft softly, enjoying the shy smile he got as a reward before he shifted so  he was laying on the couch. He slipped down so his head draped over Mycroft's leg and rested easily in his lap, enjoying the closeness of his Sire. A soft knock echoed through the room and Anthea entered bringing Mycroft his daily correspondences which he took with gratitude. He opened the letters holding them in one hand and allowing the other to card through John's hair. John's body instantly relaxed and he looked up at Mycroft to watch him.
"Oh, I know
"But you didn't believe I was gone."
"When last we spoke I was so very cruel to you without intention on my behalf of being so. I knew not the real truth of what had happened those dark days at my manor. I have since learned of what truly transpired and how I have so gravely injured the one I vowed never to harm. Lord Moran came to me a month ago and brought me the necklace I now wear, the one that is so similar to yours. He informed me that as James' wife it was a token of my place within his family and he had come to bestow the honor of it upon me, though he was disappointed James was not home to see him do so. James has been gone often these last few months to deal with some business of his own in France. Lord Moran told me the necklace would protect me and my child, he urged me to ensure I kept it on at all times, and that it was always close to my heart. When I put the necklace on I became rather ill and took to bed for a fortnight. During which I was plagued with dreams and memories of things I did not recall having transpired, situations in which James told me things that I did not remember him telling me, and memories of moments I witnessed that I did not feel as if I had been present for. One of those memories was from the night of the dinner where he intended to poison all of you and you, my beloved cousin took all of the torment onto yourself. Before the dinner he came to me and informed me that I was to react poorly when it was discovered you all had been poisoned, he explained every detail of how I was to respond and behave in a way that made it seem as if it were my own thought. That I should entreat you all to forgive him as one of our servants had informed him about the herb and he had been genuinely trying to make the evening more pleasant. Another memory that plagued me was of the day before my wedding when he apparently informed me I was to loosen your necklace without arousing your suspicion, where me mentioned to me that mortals can remove the shields and I was to provide him great assistance by doing this." She shook visibly as her sobs took her voice.
Sherlock watched him sleep, forcing his arousal down and reminding himself that every stab of lust he fought earned him his place again within his menders heart. He carded his hands through John's hair, sighing softly as his mate curled closer to him instead of pulling away. He looked up as a soft knock sounded on the door and Mycroft entered. He stayed close to the door, noting the sleeping mender, and smiled. A smile which brightened when his brother returned it.
"Yes. Georgina knew and she agreed to marry James because his family did not support his lifestyle. She didn't mind as long as she got to be with him and be comfortable. They loved each other dearly and had a good life together. Do not have any anger about that." Jacob scolded him.
Sherlock's entire body went rigid and Mycroft's attention snapped to him in just that moment, but he took off out the door. Mycroft excused himself and was right behind his brother. They immediately began to jog towards the house, slipping slightly in the still slick grass as they did. Sherlock's eyes could see that the door to the house was kicked in and as soon as he saw it panic bloomed in his stomach and his gut instincts told him things were bad, very bad. As if to confirm that deduction his phone rang, it was Greg. Sherlock hit the call button as he broke into a full run.
“Well, well…” The smooth Irish accent danced over the words. “A little bird slips me a note and offers himself to spare his love.”
“Yes Mycroft I do. I could die.” He said it as firmly as he could. His skin felt like it was crawling at this strange show of affection. “There is a lot of danger to this plan but at the end of the day I know two things. I will always believe in Sherlock and he loves me.” John nodded curtly. “Everything will be fine, we will discuss this more later. Till tonight then.” With that he marched off into the bedroom to find Sherlock sitting there with a slight blush on his face. “If I ever lose my ability to make you do that, I think I will just end my life.” John grinned.
"My life... My life was amazing. For a year and a half it was absolutely incredible, because of you. I realized too late that I wouldn't be happy with anyone other than you. That's why I stopped dating after the whole incident with Irene."
“Ah well I do rather appreciate you taking the time to come visit us here then.” Mycroft offered simply, his tone betraying his anger at the way John’s family was simply dismissing him. His mother took Moriarty's offered arm and swept from the room without so much as a word to her son.
... No he'd known before then. He'd expected that move.
John repaid every moment of torment Sherlock had given him, moving hard and then slowing to almost a stop over and over again until both of them were almost sobbing with frustration and need. Sherlock pleaded with John who resumed his hard, punishing pace, wrapping his hand around Sherlock again. Their mouths locked in heated kisses, both of them moaning and shouting until they trembled and released. John collapsed down on Sherlock, just barely pulling out of him before the two of them sank to sleep.
"It?" Mycroft demanded. "Are you certain you should..."
He had fed before. He had even experienced arousal when he fed but it was nothing like the heat blooming in his groin now. This ache was so very different and new. It was possessive, it was dark. He wanted to tie John up and claim him for days before draining him to the point of death and rebirthing him into the life of a vampire - to be his for all eternity. It was almost frightening to him, he had never wanted something this desperately in all his life. The two of them ground their hips together until John shouted.
"Mycroft, you may interrogate them as you wish, however I suggest we do so quickly." Sebastian stepped back, his eyes moving to where Sherlock held John.
"We would like to search the grounds." Mycroft said quietly, his rage building.
“Locked up in this house with nothing to do for the winter sounds infuriating.” Sherlock mumbled as a reply, looking a bit sheepish when John snorted with laughter.
"I will stay if you will let me try to help you however you need." Sherlock promised.
"Oh don't go all cold Sherlock, it's alright. It's expected that you would play games with Hamish." She offered consolingly and he softened just a bit.
"I am fine. Thank you." He smiled and returned his gaze to the room. He was pale. "I apologize, my mind is far from me now." He whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do not hide it, for there is nothing that can destroy me more than losing our beloved already has. Tell me Mycroft. Tell me at once.” John held himself firm as Mycroft recounted what he had seen from John’s memories, what he had observed from John’s body when he was given over from Sebastian, and what he feared had happened. John let out a soft sob, his body shuddering but he did not pull away. “So it is true. Sebastian’s determination to learn about the herbs was simply to gain power over us. I handed Sherlock over to them on a platter.” John’s voice was wretched and it made Mycroft ache.
"I'm sowwy Aunt Molly. We was playing." He looked down.
one who knows everything about you. Whether you showed me or I found out on my own is irrelevant."
- he hadn't meant the fall from St. Bart's or the public opinion. No he'd meant something more, the fall from John's heart. To be removed from John's loyalties.
"Oh John, I hope I find you well?" She asked softly, walking over to take his hand. She looked him over a sadness lingering in her eyes. She seemed to be searching for something in his features.
"We will need a means of tracking him, since it seems likely he will be taken."
John was glad he had the cab drop him off a bit away from the grocer, walking around a bit before making his way towards the store felt nice. It felt great to be out of the house without so much supervision; though he was sure Mycroft still had someone tailing him. He paused as he suddenly felt a prickling on the back of his neck, the feeling he got when he was being followed. He looked across the street, surveying everyone and instantly spotted a face he'd never expected to see again. He met her eyes and must have had a stupid look on his face as she shook her head just once. He blinked as if trying to prove it was his imagination and she was gone, only the normal gaggle of people passing by. He furrowed his brow in confusion, shaking himself from his momentary thoughts and turning to proceed to his destination. He bumped into someone, issuing a brief apology before suddenly keeling over face first into the pavement. His head smacking into it and cutting his forehead open. Whatever had hit him in the back of the head made him see stars and he lie there for a long moment trying to recover. Someone pulled him up, pinning his arms behind him and started pulling him down the alley. He struggled but his head ached and was foggy. Two men pushed him back and forth, kicking and punching him as they did until he sank down to his knees.
"What?" John could practically hear the wheels turning.
"Lord Argyle?" Mycroft said softly, furrowing his brow. Sherlock's eyebrow rose and the man nodded as he accepted Sherlock's realization.
“Anthea, fetch her some blood.” Greg said softly, moving towards her. The bundle groaned again and Mycroft’s energy shifted violently. He dashed forward, yanking the bundle from her arms and throwing the cloak off the person inside.
"Two things brought me here today. The first of which is the easiest dealt with." He placed his arms on the rests of the chair. "I have come to understand you received some sort of communication from someone
"Claim him brother." Mycroft moved so Sherlock could take his place over the mender, watching as Sherlock leaned down and kissed him.
"Do you think I would come back
“I did not guess, I observed.” John smiled, just a fraction and Gregory felt some of his tension ease. John often teased Sherlock that his deductions were guesses, something Sherlock very often refuted. Gregory went to reply when he was cut off by footsteps and words carrying in from the foyer.
“Yes, we’ve already discussed it.” John said defensively.
"At least it proves you are still
Sherlock pressed his body to John's front, their half hard erections contacting and making both of them moan loudly. Mycroft pressed against John from behind, moaning loudly as John instantly tilted his head to the side with a soft whimpering moan. Mycroft pressed his lips to John's neck, lathing attention over it as Sherlock again claimed his mouth. Both of them kissing him with slow burning heat. It did not take long before John was a mess of whimpers and moans, his hips bucking slightly into Sherlock's. Sherlock automatically responded, the two of them setting a hesitant and distracted rhythm as they tried to keep their mouths joined. Mycroft groaned and forced them to stop.
“Then keep quiet.” Sherlock smirked. He clawed into John’s hair and lathed attention over the purple spot on his neck, listening to him groan quietly. The spot was almost permanently purple.
"Have you taken into account that perhaps it is meant to look like that?" Mycroft countered. "That perhaps you're missing something?"
3 - JohnCroft or JohnLock? The plan (as far as the boys are telling me NOW) is to end up with JohnLock and Mystrade in the Modern Era. That said I know there is a lot more JohnCroft to be had in the time leading up to then, Mycroft is being particularly Alpha/Pack leader like, and Lestrade hasn't been entirely clear on his motives yet - so let's just see where they lead us, eh?
"You'we my pwisoner!" Hamish exclaimed suddenly, sneaking up right behind her and brandishing the sword. He was far too excited to say his words properly and Sherlock sighed softly. But she jumped and let out a little squeal before dissolving into giggles.
"I don't think you'll be the one issuing commands with that wounded arm, Captain." Sherlock's voice was dark but it was exactly what John wanted to hear. "These are coming off." He pulled as John's boxers. John did what he could to help and before long they were on the floor with the rest of his clothes. "Such a good boy," Sherlock grinned and grabbed a fistful of John's hair, kissing him deeply. "If you want me to stop, just say so."
"You are incredibly ridiculous." John's voice was exhausted, contented, and still full of laughter.
“Your brother took you from me once and I shall not let it happen again!” James growled, leaning forward. “You are mine!”
"I need to move." Sherlock started pacing. John sighed, he was
“My brother has always been capable of intense affection, though he had restricted himself from it after… Well since he was a child.” Mycroft added as they all piled back into the car.
"Well we thought it was funny." He retorted as they passed the other three men.
"Are you even tired?"
John wasn't completely sure if what he was going to do was the right thing, but he knew that in this moment that Sherlock needed to let go, to be himself. He also knew that if Sherlock didn't do more than crush John against himself, John was going to go insane. He didn't know how far he was ready to go, but he knew he was ready to open the door. He slowly began to pull his shirt off as Sherlock walked through the door, closing it behind him. Sherlock's eyes took in every detail of the situation as John slowly stripped the shirt off his frame and threw it on the floor. He was standing next to the bed and his eyes burned into Sherlock's as their gazes met. Sherlock could feel his control over his desire slipping.
can look them over later." He replied with strong emphasis on the 'we.' John somehow knew that was a him and Sherlock 'we.' "No, not at the Yard." Sherlock hung up and slammed the phone down with slight attitude. John then fought a laugh as he heard Sherlock muttering as he fumbled about in the kitchen.
"Well he is a handful and I suppose you shall think more closely on your fledglings in the future." Mycroft's tone was polite but the comment was stern.
“Today is the anniversary of the day you gave me your life.” He whispered, shoving their mouths back together for another fiery kiss. “And now I have time to cherish you properly.” He growled, clawing John’s shirt off.
“Please… He… He needs…”
"I did not attempt to seduce your husband, Elizabeth. I had no intention of that in the least." John began but she cut him off.
"I told you to feed. I commanded you to! Look what
.” John was definitely defensive but his tone was soft. His eyes firm and focused as he stood defiantly in the face of danger.
"Oh God, you are a demon." John grunted, wrapping around him.
"Sherlock, the reporters are going to follow us everywhere now." John's voice betrayed his concern and his pending disappointment that their date may have to be cancelled.
“I would do nearly anything you might ask of me, is it truly so dire?”
"I think I know where he took them." The man said softly.
"I will go through any amount of fire at the hands of others if in the end I shall be privileged to spend all eternity by your side." He moved gently and brought a soft, passionate kiss to Sherlock's mouth - slowly pressing his way in so their tongues could search one another. Sherlock moaned softly, feeling John as if he was inside his own body.
“This feels…” Sherlock began but a loud knock on the door cut through his speech. He growled and vanished, leaving John in a vacuum of grief. John collapsed in tears just as Meaghan entered.
“How can we be sure…” She began again.
"The old keys were so large, they were the keys of children." He whispered. "I thought we could wear these now, new keys to new unlocked memories." John cupped Sherlock's face and pulled him close for a kiss.
“Whose side are you on?” He demanded darkly, digging his nails into the stones behind her head.
This chapter was half done in my head before I even posted the last one! Things will be taking a turn for the darker as the boys delve into the case in the next chapter, but for now enjoy some absolutely adorable Kid!Lock and Parent!Lock.
"You could have been labeled a hunter, that would have endangered your life." He kept staring at a word on the first page of the book. Solvanar - he had seen it before but he could not recall where.
"As you wish, brother." Sherlock said quietly and helped John up. He balanced John's weight against himself as he led him out of the study and down to feed. John looked between them with clear confusion, however his mind was sluggish and slow to respond allowing Sherlock to easily guide him from the room.
"He came when I called and told me that we have conceived. I was feeling very faint and he remained with me for a time to ensure I was well cared for. I asked him to tell James the good news in my stead, while I rested. James informed me that John was waiting for him upon his return and in his earnest to celebrate James offered him some of our store of bloodwine. James and John were both overcome by the effects of poison, it seems all of the bloodwine we possessed was poisoned with the same herb that our servant tricked James into giving you all at the engagement dinner. When..." Elizabeth took Moriarty's hand as he let out a soft noise again trying to comfort him. He however played his part well, though he was quite amused that none of the men believed his act for a moment.
" His voice floated in the air as John opened his eyes. "
"He said something about your father…”
"And yet you continue to do it." He turned his attention to Elaine and smiled. "I'm glad that you are here."
"I..." Sherlock turned to Mycroft who quirked an eyebrow. "What life?" He demanded darkly, knowing that something was going on.
"You're sick you God damned bastard!" John shouted back at him. "Hurting a child, and all for what? Your stupid hatred?!" Hamish whimpered at John's anger.
"How horrible." His words were almost a whisper.
"Someone sent me pictures of the...of St. Barts. I..." It was John's turn to look guilty and ashamed.
“Why do you shy away from me?” Sherlock demanded angrily as he came closer to James. “I am your husband.”
"Mycroft you scared the hell out of me." John muttered and Mycroft smirked broadly.
"I came at the call of your wife." John said firmly, his guard up and eyes darkened. "She took ill this morning and I believe the only illness that it can be said she carries is your child." James brightened up, his eyes wide but focused.
"Well, that was certainly an interesting visit." He growled.
"At the Yard yes, when he's had lunch," He replied calmly, he noticed that John was no longer in front of the window and was trying to determine just where he'd gone, when John spoke from beside him.
"Not on this. The warning will be a gun shot. I am not sure how the gun shot will happen but it will. When it rings out they can rush the building but not until. If we do not do this carefully…" Sherlock's voice dropped off and Lestrade nodded. Lestrade gently put his hand on Sherlock's arm, a move he normally would not have done. It lingered only a moment before Sherlock turned to him with a strange, pained look on his face. He apparently could not tolerate the sentiment right now.
Kudos appreciated!
Greg grunted as the medical team arrived and helped him up. They started treating his wounds as Mycroft and Sherlock swept around the house searching for clues. After about twenty minutes the two brothers reconvened at the make shift medical station, Mycroft's mouth tightened in a thin line.
"A Solvanaar crest would not allow Moriarty to continue to control her mind. I had doubts about my own control since I have reunited with you my loves. I have researched and explored the abilities of the necklace and found that any mental control is removed when the necklace is placed on. Elizabeth could in no way be acting under his orders in this moment. If that is not proof enough for you look at her face. Her eyes betray her emotion and her concern with none of the details of a lie hidden behind. Her body is trembling with fear as she prepares herself to accept rejection instead of hope." Sherlock's eyes went round and turned a deep blue as arousal began to sweep through him.
“I am afraid I cannot at the moment, however would you mind if I brought John around tomorrow to look at those empty rooms you have?” She beamed at him.
"Sher..." John mumbled.
“You are home. You came back… You are mine!” Mycroft growled against his lips. Losing himself quickly in the lust of John’s aura and the knowledge the mender was home.
"You always orgasm so hard for me," He whispered, kissing him again. "If you're not careful you'll give me a bigger ego."
is fully capable of handling the inadequacies of the Scotland Yard we are officially OFF duty." His eyes cooled significantly and looked almost dangerous. Lestrade was taken aback but nodded.
"So even as a child you worked with potions and poisons of our blood?" Mycroft asked softly, surprise and awe in his voice.
"No, but I think he did it on purpose. I think he knew something like this was coming."
John paused in one of the empty rooms on the way to Mycroft's wing to brush away his tears. Anger welled up inside of his heart because Sherlock had promised that he would allow John to visit with Mycroft. The pair had been acting oddly towards John since Sherlock's dark mood and he was at a loss as to why. Sherlock refused to tell him so he hoped this time with Mycroft would allow him to discover the answer from his Sire. Doubt swam under the surface of his skin as he felt the familiar worry that Mycroft had grown board of him. He resigned himself to facing Sherlock's anger when he returned the following night and moved towards Mycroft's study, knocking softly.
"Oh, my little one..." Mycroft said in a breathless voice. "The change moves quickly through you. Your body has changed and now your mind must catch up." He whispered the words, noting that Sherlock shifted but remained asleep. "Come, let us clean you up." He motioned to George who stepped into a large bathing room. It contained a large Roman style bath.
"Sher... Sherlock." John whimpered, struggling harder.
“John, word from my people in the north states that Sebastian has told his coven he will not follow you. I believe that Meaghan’s presence outside his control restrains him from trying to reclaim you. As I understand it he, his grandson, and Moriarty have gone deep into hiding.”
"They why are you still afraid?" He asked timidly as their kiss broke.
" John smiled, his eyes fluttering closed.
"While I was… away." He whispered his reply. "It kept my mind busy... It... Made me feel better," Eyes searching for meaning behind the questioning.
John snorted, inhaling his tea. He had been so focused on hearing the moment Sherlock had realized he felt something for him, that he had been blindsided by the second statement. A long silence followed their statements as both of them tried to wrap their minds around what was happening. Sherlock reached out and put his hand next to John's, instigating slight contact. John took the chance and stared at him, tracing every line of his face into his mind. They both sat there letting silence fall around them until a car door slamming outside jolted them both out of their thoughts. Suddenly Sherlock swept up out of his chair and into the living room, scooping up a book as he did. John recognized the move instantly and knew Lestrade was on his way inside. He tried to fix himself with an amused smirk so as to circumvent the laughter trying to burst forth from his chest as Sherlock assumed his standard 'Go away, I'm ever so busy' routine. Lestrade entered the flat through the front, sweeping in front of John's view to the side of Sherlock.
life was at stake. It would have been so much easier to stay gone, to let myself close back down. But damn it John, for you I want to try!" John sagged against him, clinging to the front of his shirt at chest level.
"It'll be war now, John." Greg replied as they sank down in the chairs at the little table in the bedroom. "I'll do my best to ensure you don't become a casualty." He laughed again.
Sherlock sighed and resigned himself to wait for John, instead of tearing down to find him. He wanted John to save what courage he had. He perked up when he heard John's footsteps on the far staircase and focused his senses. He listened to the quality of his gait, how he shuffled slowly across the house towards their room. He could almost feel the fear as he expected and planned for Sherlock's anger and jealousy to explode as they always did. Sherlock felt ashamed of himself. He had constantly told John he would not stand in the way of his feelings for Mycroft and yet he made John feel so badly about carrying them that John locked himself away in the gardener's shed instead of coming back to him when Mycroft rejected him. He had carried this rejection in his heart for months without daring to ask Sherlock to help him bear it. Sherlock huffed a sigh and promised himself that he would be better for John.
." It was a promise and it made John shiver.
“You cannot stop us.”
The way that man said his name... John followed him almost helplessly up the stairs and sighed as he turned the oven on. He sank down, watching Sherlock as the detective moved about the flat clearing the table off so they could eat like civilized adults. Not much had changed in the flat in the last three years, with the exception of the toys somewhat scattered about and the fact that Sherlock now clearly labeled his experiments if only so they could be sure Hamish didn't get into anything too deadly. The most marked change however was skull on the mantle was now wearing a small hat which made Sherlock smile every time he looked at it. Hamish had put it on the skull sometime around Christmas the year before and neither of them could bear to take it down. But both of them were tight with silent feelings and the weight of the unspoken secrets resting between them. Sherlock got out plates and silverware while John got them both some water. Sherlock even attempted to eat while John wolfed down a large serving of food. They sat quietly for awhile, content in their mutual silence until Sherlock spoke.
Sherlock had swept into the flat and groaned inwardly when he saw John's phone sitting exactly where it had been when he'd left that morning. Panic welled up inside of him as he stalked through the flat, as if expecting John to be sleeping or in the bathroom. He stomped loudly throughout the house, drawing Mrs. Hudson to join them upstairs. She handed Sherlock the letter both she and Lestrade watching him closely as he slipped the paper out and read it; the color draining out of his face rapidly as he turned and started down the stairs out of the flat, but he was called back by the ringing of Lestrade's mobile.
"You aren't upset that I still have feelings for her?" He asked it in a whisper, more feeling and watching for the answer than listening.
"No. That was... Uhm, me. Jacob's father had enough money for him and his sister." John blushed slightly and Sherlock continued tending to his scratches without any retort. "But Jacob said someone was chasing him. This has to do with the secret society that our fathers were a part of." John sighed, the rain was pouring down now.
“Yes, but that’s obvious to everyone now isn’t it?” He giggled.
"What happened?" Sherlock demanded his features sharp and focused. He asked it loudly, over the top of Sally speaking.
John Watson.
“It was James was it not?” Mycroft demanded darkly, cursing himself for not remaining behind.
Home and then some.
"Good morning to you as well," Mycroft's voice was loud enough John could hear it. "I'm on my way to discuss arrangements with you. I'll be there in about twenty minutes."
"This whole case has changed something inside of you again..." John's voice didn't even feel like his own because he was aching with desire.
"I have to stop him! He's making a mistake." He shouted as Anthea brought him his coat. He threw it on his shoulders and tore out of the room.
"Our John, Lady Elizabeth is here to see you." She began and John made an angry noise. Anthea held up her hand. "Wait but a little before passing judgment on the situation. She is quite distressed and she and her servant have begged an audience with you. She took to her knees to plead for it in fact. She is wearing a necklace like yours which she did not previously have and she seems to be of her own mind instead of swayed by others as she was before. I would urge you to come down to her if you can be troubled to see what injures her heart so."
"Listen to the poor thing. He has never had a woman until now, he is so large. I see why they all want him. He is filling me so full! He is utterly helpless though is he not? He has no reasoning to understand the feel of a woman's body around him." The woman's voice was cruel, a sharp gasp of pain and a low keening moan escaping John as she giggled. Sherlock tensed and prepared to launch himself into the building as they heard John shout loudly, his voice was hoarse and full of pain and tears. Mycroft was only just able to secure a hold on the back of his shirt before they both froze. Nothing could have prepared the Holmes men for the rage that swept through and swirled around Sebastian as he barreled full force into the stable, the doors flying off the hinges and into the room. That he was one of the
"He is very ill." She barely breathed, her own concern evident in her tone. "No one has seen either of them leave the room since they last were with you. They have not fed and John looks as if he has not moved from the bed in days. He is icy to the touch and paler than ever."
"Thank you. Let's go get lunch."
John and Sherlock solve their first case (without much effort) and John learns a deeply painful lesson about whom to trust. A lesson that just may break him.
“And who consoles you?” Gregory asked curtly, though without malice. Mycroft’s eyes flickered back up towards him and he was glad again for the mask as his cheeks reddened.
The two fell onto the stalls and carts below, loud snaps of wood echoing in the quiet morning as they landed. Both shouted with pain as their bodies were pierced repeatedly by the shattered carts. John had three wooden poles pierced through his torso and James was pinned by a stake that had wedge through him and into the ground. John grunted, trying and failing to stand to realize too late that he would die. It did not take long for Sherlock, Mycroft, and Moran to appear all three having felt the pain of the two’s injuries. John grunted, trying to convince everyone to leave him be while Moriarty repeatedly shouted for Moran to help him. Shoving people aside Mycroft and Sherlock finally made it to the Mender and immediately began trying to move him.
"I said…"
"Yes, but not just a normal pirate." John said softly, adding emphasis to the moment. "He offered his hand and pulled lonely John up to standing and he said 'don't look so sad, you were doing brilliant commanding your troops before issuing that last command.' He'd seemed to decide something and he nodded curtly before continuing on, 'I am Pirate Prince Erik the One-Eyed,' he announced grandly," John was cut off as Mycroft literally snorted with laughter and almost spat tea on Greg. Greg and John dissolved into a fit of giggles and Sherlock opened his eyes, tensed his jaw, and blushed just slightly. It took a good ten minutes for Greg and John to finally stop laughing, because it was just so strange to hear Mycroft laugh like that.
"I'm kind of hungry, Papa." Hamish said softly and let Sherlock take him over to the table. He set out the bowl of soup for Hamish and snuggled him closer. Hamish ate slowly, mostly using his fingers instead of his spoon.
"I... I cannot handle anymore, please John, please stop!" Sherlock gasped, his body felt like it was fire. Every touch burning as the pleasure bled away and became pain.
"This bond is uncommon for us... For us to find..." Sherlock tried to explain though his mind was already engaged in other thinking. "There are so many people in the world the likelihood of us finding our mates is usually low." He whispered lathing kisses over John's neck as he slowly pulled the various layers of clothing away. "I am forever in debt to the power that brought you into my knowledge. I shall protect you for all the ages of the world." He promised, leaning up to kiss John as he pulled his own shirts off.
at all. It's accepting that you have made and will make mistakes. That your judgment will be clouded and you will falter. It's accepting that from here on out you can never again be
“I was hoping to catch you here.” Gregory smiled, John nodded but did not speak. “Sherlock, I have a few cases that the Yard is working on that do not make any sense to me. I was hoping, since you are so good at solving puzzles and understanding how people work, that you might come have a look at them.”
“Please Mender, please! Our Anna has become ill; will you please come to her?” The man pleaded his voice cracking. “Our Master is away, please she needs you!” John stood, hesitating for a moment before his own empathy got the better of him.
"When you tell him?" Mycroft rolled his eyes trying to remain unaffected but it was clear he hadn't thought John would piece this all together. "We both know that's a foolish errand."
"Keep your arms at your sides or I'll handcuff you." Sherlock growled, pinning his hands harder.
. John coughed and looked out the window, Sherlock raising an eyebrow but not asking about the cough. Sherlock's attention was fully focused out the window on his side and John realized he was trying to absorb all the information he'd just pulled in from scanning over the reporters. When they arrived at the restaurant they were happy to note that none of the reporters seemed to have arrived there yet. Sherlock actually paid for the cab, surprising John but smirking as they entered the establishment. Angelo greeted them both very warmly, smirking slightly as he mentioned that their room was all set for them. John tried to ignore the looks from the other diners who watched them as they moved through the main portion of the restaurant, but by the time they were settled into their own private dining room he was uncomfortable and wary. He fidgeted with his silverware, staring at the table.
"The Master should keep a better eye on his pet." One of the men growled at him, shoving him into the middle of the alley. The man lunged at him and John cried out as he felt a knife blade sink into the muscles just below his clavicle on his right shoulder. He tried to fight back, several blows landing on his face as he managed to kick one of the two men in the groin. He stumbled back from the men, sinking down as the bump to the head and the blood rushing out of his shoulder wound began to overcome him. Blood ran over his eyes from his forehead but he struggled to regain his footing.
find you again once this case is closed. Know that my sentiment for you has not changed since that summer that feels so long ago. You are ever my brother in arms, ever my friend, my first mate. I hope you are well and continue to be so. Ever yours, Prince Erik." Sherlock whispered, Hamish was growing sleepy but fighting to stay awake his attention focused on John's face as it betrayed the emotion he was feeling. He looked confused by the tears that were on his fathers' cheeks.
"Someone here to see us?" Sherlock asked John, but John had tensed slightly. He closed his eyes and let his senses reach out, a small growl coming from his throat. "Do not growl like that unless you want me to claim you again." Sherlock growled himself, claiming John's mouth in another bruising kiss. John kissed him back deeply and they were in danger of slipping right back into their sexual contest before John's logic kicked in.
"You two are lucky My had to leave, he was raging this morning about how irresponsible the two of you are." Greg stood and yawned. He narrowed his eyes slightly as he realized John's cheek was slightly bruised with a small cut. "Who hit you in the face, John?" He moved over quickly looking at John's cheek. John pulled away.
"Let him come here..." Sherlock began but she stopped him.
"If you want to go after her," He'd started in a whisper, Sherlock turned to face him his intense gaze making the words die in John's mouth. John could tell he was analyzing him, trying to read every clue from his face. After a moment that felt like an age Sherlock grabbed John roughly and pulled him into a kiss. John could feel the tremors that were running through him under his skin. In a way the amount of emotion coursing through the normally detached detective was terrifying.
“I want your release.” Sherlock groaned, shoving his trousers down and pushing roughly into his love. John arched again, Sherlock leaning down and pushing his fangs into his neck as he set a harsh, claiming pace.
- Hamish's elbow had a scrape the exact height of the first knob on the bamboo near the hedge maze -
"You are so close to release already..." He whispered in his ear, his voice half in his mind and half in his words. "
"The Duke has summoned us to his home this evening for the engagement dinner for Moriarty and your cousin, John. Following the dinner this evening the wedding festivities will begin next week, culminating in the wedding the following Saturday. You two are expected to attend almost all of the events as Elizabeth sees you as her brother of sorts, John." Mycroft's voice was careful and guarded.
"I would be foolish otherwise, wouldn't I?" Sherlock replied in a hushed tone.
"What did you just say?" John looked at him, raising an eyebrow. The two of them dissolved into hearty laughter before John just shook his head.
“It is not. What I have learned from your memories, from my own memories, and from the bits of memories I was able to gleam from Moriarty is that it was your heart and soul that were abused and turned against you.” He sighed and looked down. “Though I do not wish to speak of it now unless you are ready to hear the horrors they plotted.”
"Get dressed." Mycroft barked, sweeping out of the bed.
Life at Baker Street begins with deepening friendships, Sherlock's introduction to mortal drugs, and fear.
"You are an absolute imbecile!" Mycroft shouted and John raised a hand. Mycroft was shaking with rage and John sighed. They were like children the three of them.
"What are
"Damn it Sherlock, no more games!" He slammed him again. "You don't order me around unless you're trying to distract me!" Sherlock felt two entirely conflicting emotions well up inside him as John pushed him harder into the wall, pinning him in place. His eyes widened as he let both sensations take their course, but the change had no affect on John's temper.
“I do not wish to discuss it, if there is any chance it may sway your opinion of your mate. Your relationship is too dear for me to cause harm.” His tone was so earnest it made the tightness in Gregory’s chest worse, as he now knew that what he feared was likely not nearly as terrible as the truth.
“I apologize for my rage, the past haunts me more than I thought it would.” He said softly as he returned to the group.
"This makes you feel like you did before we met, doesn't it?" John took a long drawn out breath; he'd hoped Sherlock would be kind enough
"How was London?" John asked quietly.
"Oh..." Sherlock whispered in the somewhat awed voice he used when it all clicked. John turned back, his confusion clear on his face but Sherlock was already focused on the bookshelf again.
But why they were speaking German was completely beyond Sherlock. He hadn't even known John spoke a foreign language, let alone one Sherlock himself knew so little of. The anger that swelled through his chest was laced with pure arousal and a deep need to punish John for lying to him. All three of which made Sherlock feel moderately uncomfortable with his ability to maintain control in the situation. He needed to focus because it was dangerous for John to move so easily from defending Sherlock against a potential threat to doctoring his wounds as if he was an old friend. And in that moment for the first time he wondered if this was what it was like to watch himself at work on a crime scene.
Lady Elizabeth's words cut John to the core causing him to retreat into himself. Sherlock is going insane with the distance and cannot bear it a moment longer.
Lestrade drove them to the hospital all of three them in silence as they went, each of them processing their feelings. They were escorted quickly through the areas into John's room. Donovan was leaning on the wide window ledge, her mobile against her lips as she surveyed John with more concern than Sherlock had previously believed her capable of. John was unconscious, his left eye swollen. His entire right shoulder was bandaged and taped so that he couldn't move it, evidence of bleeding visible on the bandages. His t-shirt and jumper lay on a table to the side in evidence bags both of them obviously cut off during triage. His jacket was draped over the chair on the right side of the bed. Donovan straightened up when they entered, looking directly at Lestrade. Mrs. Hudson moved instantly to the chair, sitting down and putting her hand very gently on John's. Sherlock stood at the end of the bed looking over John, absorbing every injury he had sustained and committing it to memory. Most of the wounds were superficial, cuts and bruises. There was a clear bruise over his ribs on the right, below the bandages. His top lip was swollen and cut on the left side, his knuckles of his left hand bandaged as well. Sherlock felt the hot fiery shame and guilt that settled into his stomach, making his face take on a very dark look. Lestrade hugged Donovan slightly before they went back to being all business.
guys." He said it with emphasis, trying to reassure Sherlock. When Sherlock made no reply he shook the detective slightly. "They're with me, yea?" He repeated, getting Sherlock to meet his eyes. Sherlock barely nodded as he let Lestrade pry John loose of his grip. He even consented to let Lestrade physically guide him toward the ambulance alongside the stretcher. "What's he need, Sherlock," Lestrade asked softly, trying to bring Sherlock back around. "What's he need for the poison? You know what it is, tell them so they can start the treatment right now." He encouraged.
John was stronger than this.
“I am sorry to disturb you, but I had something I have wanted to gift you and only now have the moment to do so.” John’s face lit with a smile, forcing the shadow from his eyes and confusing his Sire.
"Thank you." He whispered.
as it hit the carpet on the floor and he slowly ran his hand over his face.
"Yes and our John still refuses him entrance, even now when he is suffering the most." She sighed, coming to rest beside him. "I believe he will not weather this distance much longer."
"Don't be stupid." Sherlock had snapped at him, pulling away. "It's right in front of you."
"Yes," Sherlock whispered softly, letting his eyes close. "It was so dark and there were so many stars. You knew all of those constellations by heart and chided me for being a sailor who didn't." They laughed quietly. "Oh..." Sherlock giggled. "Astronomy, it'll be the death of me with you won't it."
“You did guess, however you also guessed correctly.” Sherlock’s body language was indicative of his mindset, his muscles seemed taut and full of anxious energy. His eyes burned as they focused on the Mender, with an intensity Greg would never be able to bear with the grace John did. The pair's eyes locked and thousands of unspoken words began to pour into the room. Greg shook his head, smiling fondly at the pair.
"What was he like that summer?" They sat back in the chairs, getting comfortable. John felt comfortable, considering he hadn't been out of bed for more than two hours in three days.
“Here, drink some.” He encouraged, holding the cup to Sherlock's lips. Sherlock growled when he tasted herbs.
"Live and let live. That's my motto."
"Don't be stupid." Sherlock responded almost immediately, setting off alarm bells in John's mind. John rounded him, grabbing him by the shirt and slamming him hard into the wall.
" He pressed shaking kisses to John's cheeks as he slowly slid out of him, collapsing on the bed beside him.
"I thought you'd stopped having them." John shivered slightly as Sherlock wrapped back around him, pushing his head against his shoulder. John let his nose gently touched the fabric of Sherlock's shirt, inhaling the scent of his lover.
"Not wrong, but I wasn't done." He replied sternly. "And because I know that you have been going insane planning this out. For ten months you've been working on planning this exact moment. The only difference is that I gave you more incentive during our last case. You watched me studying the travel brochures when I thought we might go away for our anniversary and you picked the one that I kept coming back to. You rented the cottage several months ago and got Mycroft to promise to watch Hamish... Since then you purchased the rope, a new riding crop, the blindfold, four pairs of handcuffs, three new types of lubricant, and spent enough time on the internet watching questionable material to enhance your knowledge that you're lucky our son hasn't caught you." The huff of air that left Sherlock's lungs betrayed his pleasure.
