Steve would have never gone so far as to say he was relieved to hear about Bucky and the rest of the 107th, but it did make some things much clearer for him.  Ultimately, he didn’t need Agent Carter’s urging about Dr. Erskine’s intentions — he knew what he needed to do.
When he saw the first advertisement for the Stark Expo, Steve knew that he and Bucky had to go.  The advertisement was a poster stapled to a light post, and Steve ripped it off to take home.  He studied it the whole way, almost running into multiple people and stationary objects as he hurried back.  It was mid-afternoon when Steve got home, and Bucky was still asleep.  He left the poster on the kitchen table and waited in the living room for Bucky to get up, staring at the silent radio.
Bucky went first, glancing back at Tony when he saw the bottle of Jameson on the table.  He grabbed three glasses and poured two fingers’ worth into each, handing one to Tony and Steve.
“No, I don’t think so, Stark.  I know you’re used to working alone.  Perhaps you could use a little perspective.  A little more understanding.  An opportunity to get to know your teammates a little better.”
“I’m sorry for all the hurt I caused you,” Steve said by way of reply, his eyes downcast.  “It wasn’t fair — it was never fair, and you didn’t deserve —“
Steve closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cool glass.  He didn’t sleep, but he tried his hardest to find that peace again, that calm.   He thought of the cold of the North Atlantic, the beautiful blue of the ice and water, the satisfaction of his job finished, the relief of finally being able to lie down without the obligation of having to get up again.
Steve managed to get out into the hall and leaned heavily against the wall next to the doorway to Tony’s room.  His knees buckled, and he slid to the floor, burying his face in his hands.  The tears fell, from shame at leaving Tony when he was sick, from terror that he was going to die, from the loneliness and emptiness and sadness that had followed him since he’d woken up in the godforsaken time.
Afterwards, the bond show was a pretty bitter pill to swallow, all things considered.  Steve felt tricked by Senator Brandt and abandoned by Colonel Phillips and Agent Carter.  The death of Dr. Erskine was also harder to take than Steve had expected, because he was the only person who had seen the potential in Steve, a potential that he sometimes felt like even Bucky had questioned.
Laughing back, Tony thought he saw Steve’s expression loosen a little bit, relief flickering across his features before it was gone.  “Dr. Erskine knew what he was doing,” Steve said, although his tone didn’t quite match up with his words, missing easy-going and hitting somewhere closer to uneasy.
“We never knew what happened — you just disappeared.  Bucky had just come home and gone in to check on you.  A minute later, he went back in and you were just — gone.  I was glad he was home when it happened, because he would have never believed me if I’d told him that.  He’d’ve thought I was lying to him, that you’d — died — or left,” Steve said, the words tumbling out of him.  He could feel himself starting to tremble, the pent up emotions leaking out of him everywhere, in gulps and words and tears and small movements he couldn’t control.
— and you can choose to build a life here, let other people in.  You could befriend Tony and see if the man that you knew from before is in there.  Or you can keep doing what you’re doing.  Keep pretending, keep everyone at a distance, keep going at it alone.  What are you more afraid of, Steve — being alone because you choose to be or taking a risk that might lead to having a life — a real life — here?”
Tony had already pulled out his phone and was typing on it.  “Sounds good to me, but I can do you one better.  The jet can meet us in Las Vegas and take us home.  I’ll get someone to take care of the car.”
“You don’t even like me,” Tony answered.  He rolled over to look at the ceiling, coughing for a few moments, a few flecks of blood in the green sputum.  Cap took the handkerchief from him, replacing it with a clean one.  “I wouldn’t either, given what I’ve done.”
Natasha cradled Steve’s head, cupping the crown of his blond hair in her palm.  “I don’t think they ever intended for him to live for very long after he built the Jericho.  He lived in fear of either drowning in the water or electrocuting himself when they shoved his head in the bucket.”
Bruce was harder for Steve to get a read on.  He was quiet and spent most of his time in his lab running experiments beyond Steve’s comprehension.  But he would appear at mealtimes to cook, and he introduced Steve to a wide variety of curries that he had learned to prepare while in India.  Steve enjoyed cooking dinner with him, expanding his repertoire from things that were easy to cook and made of things that lasted a long time to dishes made with fresh and exotic ingredients.  Steve still struggled with so many options, and it threw him off when he opened his cabinets to find such abundance.  It was nice to eat with the others and not have that responsibility to decide what he would eat that evening.
The wood popped again, and Steve could have sworn he smelled vanilla and saffron.  Just as he had outside, he felt the press of two people behind him: his ma off his right shoulder and someone else, another woman, off his left.  The smell of bergamot filled his nose, mingling with the vanilla, with some kind of spice Steve didn’t recognize.  He was close enough to Tony to feel him suddenly stiffen, and Steve watched him intentionally relax his hands, spreading them over his thighs.
Tony found a pair of chairs near the back facing a window that looked out over 86th Street, a small table between them.  While his name was still famous, he wasn’t nearly as recognizable.  Right after the snap, his armor had been everywhere — painted in murals, pictures hung up on fences with lights beneath, his helmet looking out over cities across the world.  Over time, the man within the armor had faded in the world’s consciousness, and after living in the cabin upstate, Tony had found it a relief.   Reminders from his life before — living in the Tower, being an Avenger and the public face of Stark Industries, having his face immediately recognizable from the news and the internet — they still caught him wrong, like a punch in the gut when he wasn’t expecting it.
Something about this version of Tony didn’t seem right to Steve either.  He was more brittle, more defensive.  There was a big difference between the man Steve had found scraped up in an alley and this one.  Steve could sense the discomfort, the anxiety that seemed to run through him like a live wire, especially when they interacted.  It wound Steve up too, as much as he tried to not to react to it.  But something was clearly bothering Tony, and that always got Steve going, even that first time he’d met Tony so long ago.
“No, I don’t think so, Stark,” Loki said.  He shifted his hands to his chest, cupping them.  A green light started to form between his palms.  “I know you’re used to working alone.  Perhaps you could use a little perspective.  A little more understanding.  An opportunity to get to know your teammates a little better.”
“I guess I just never thought I’d get this, you know?” Steve blurted out.  He waved his hand out beyond the car’s edge, taking in the world beyond.  “I thought I might have it with you, before, but then you disappeared.  And then maybe after the war, but that — disappeared too.  I guess I just never expected to have this.”
Pepper and Rhodey and the rest of the Avengers never came to visit, which hurt more than Tony cared to admit, and Tony was going to fire that doctor because he should have had some Zosyn by now.  Who was he kidding — he wouldn’t fire the guy.  Just maybe hack into his account and change his Netflix password.
“You mean Pepper will.”  Steve had already turned away from the view, running a hand through his hair.
“Good as new,” Tony said triumphantly.  Enzo shook his hand again.  It was only then that Tony realized it was dark beyond the display window of the shop.  His stomach growled just as he also became aware of how hungry he was.
“Sir has found that your eating habits run on a 5.2 week cycle, mostly based on when you order groceries, during which you fluctuate your weight, calorie intake, exercise, fat and muscle mass, the types of food you eat, where you eat, and whom you eat with.  This seems to affect the amount of time you spend with everyone else on the common floor, your physical performance, your mood, and your sleep,” Jarvis provided.
Tony took a few steps back from Loki, dropping his hands to fire the repulsers and take off.  At the same time, Loki ripped his hands apart and made a throwing gesture.  The green ball of light launched towards Tony.  Loki had aimed a little high, but when Tony took off, the green light hit him square in the arc reactor.  The last thing he saw before the world exploded into green light was Steve jumping down from the elevated part of the terrace, his arm extended as his shield left his hand.
“Oh, Morgan asked me to visit,” Tony answered vaguely, waving a hand back towards the museum.  “Then she kicked me out so she could get some work done.  I hope she doesn’t use that move on Pepper — she’s likely to get a poor response,” he added with a weak laugh.
Natasha and Clint were behind Steve, and Tony didn’t miss the look they shared.  “You can just ask Jarvis.  He’ll take care of it for you.”
Steve released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and felt winded, like he was back at Camp LeHigh trying to run around the track.  The rest of the setup passed in a blur for Steve, and before he knew it, the serum was injected, and the capsule was closed.
Steve laughed for a moment, delighted at the thought of having someone to do these kinds of spontaneous things with, someone who could help fill the sometimes endless hours in the tower.  “What if I want to run first?” he challenged, just to see what her reaction was.
With a shrug, Steve pulled him close.  “I was a scrawny kid who never broke a hundred pounds and missed a lot of school because I was sick.  I mostly knitted and mended our clothes, but I wasn’t above the occasional needlepoint piece if Ma needed me to do it for some reason.  She would do it on her breaks at work — she found it easy to pick up and put down on the ward — and give them away when she was done.  Sometimes she didn’t always have time to finish them before she wanted to give them away, so I would do it.”
But he hadn’t forgotten.  It stayed with him, even now.  The sounds, the feeling, the knowledge that he was helpless even with the gifts Dr. Erskine had given him.
Tony stood in front of him, hands on his hips.  “To make a few unsolicited observations, number 1: He warned you; 2: Not only did he pull his punch, he threw it left-handed, and 3: You can’t be
Steve scrambled to his feet and rushed across the apartment, the sketchbook and pen forgotten on the floor.  He thundered down the stairs to Natasha’s apartment and banged on the door until she opened it.
The call comes in when Tony’s on his way into surgery and he really should have learned to turn his phone off by now.
“I guess I can spare you a few minutes,” Tony says, moving away from the centre of the busy hallway and resting his back against the wall.
Bruce Banner, head of radiology, is probably Tony’s closest friend in the hospital. They had attended college together where they’d discovered that they shared a similar outlook on medicine, pursuing it in the name of knowledge and science, more than the human element that draws so many others. They challenge and complement each other in their work, which makes Bruce Tony’s preferred sounding board. Not to mention one of the few doctors whose opinion he’d accept without question.
“Go? What are you talking about, Steve? I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere,” Tony’s voice is a soft rumble against his body and Steve thinks,
After Steve looks over his shoulder a few more times – in confusion, fear, indecision – he realises he’s looking for a reaction from somebody who isn’t there.
Their moment of silent camaraderie is only broken when Clint’s pager goes off and he straightens to take a look at it. “That’s my cue,” he grins, jumping to his feet, a great deal more agile than Tony could ever be. “Don’t worry so much, Tony. He might surprise you.” With a squeeze of his shoulder, Clint is gone, whistling as he saunters down the corridor.
Steve thinks about admitting “I will miss you, Tony”, about looking into bright brown eyes and saying “We won”. Thinks,
“I know how you’re feeling, I’ve been there. I’ve made mistakes that I can never take back. This way we get what we both want,” Steve smiles, everything he wants suddenly feeling within his grasp. “There isn’t anything for me there anymore,” he adds.
Steve blinks up at him, confused as Tony grabs a chair from the table, dragging it around until its opposite where Steve is now sitting up, and settling in.
On others he sees Tony as he was on the battlefield, watches his body crumble away into dust and scatter in the wind.
Tony wants to interject with names of people Steve’s dated over the years, but all he can ask is, “what about Peggy?” Thinking about the gorgeous brunette who Steve met during his tour and convinced Fury to hire as the head of trauma. His throat feels suddenly dry.
“I never said I couldn’t do it,” Tony snaps, straightening up to push away from the wall. Steve takes an instinctual step back. “I said I didn’t want to do it. Look up the difference. I only didn’t want to do it because if that guy drops dead on the table it’ll be my reputation that gets dragged through the mud.” There’s a surge of anger colouring his words and he knows that it’s irrational. He just doesn’t care.
On Asgard, he marvels at the towering golden palace, feels a pang at the realisation that all this beauty and grandeur no longer exists in his time, and (apologetically) injects the aether into an unsuspecting Jane Foster in her sleep.
When he sees the state Tony’s in, the lingering fatigue clears from his expression and Steve sits up, looking concerned. Tony spends a second staring at Steve’s bedhead, wanting to run his fingers through the blonde strands.
“You can say that again,” says Steve, reaching over to drag her plate the remaining distance towards him. He begins snacking on the leftovers and Tony looks on, with no small amount of bemusement. Steve looks over and catches Tony watching him.
The smile on Steve’s face is indulgent, as though he’s humouring a petulant child and Tony would feel insulted if he didn’t know it was just Steve making fun of him. And that he was going to get him back for it later.
He glances up at the clock to find that it’s 2am, meaning that Steve’s surgery must have run later than even Tony had anticipated, considering he hadn’t given up waiting in the hallway and come into the lounge till 11. It gratifies Tony to know that it mustn’t have been long after his surgery finished that Steve climbed in with him. Unfortunately the sofa boasts hardly enough space for one grown man, and with the two of them—well, Tony’s sure that he’d have fallen right off if Steve hadn’t been holding him in place. Which, in itself, just won't do. Tony has an important talk to have with Steve and sleep is an easily overcome obstacle, though it’s going to come with a heavy dose of guilt.
He pushes past, resolutely ignoring the stare he can feel sitting across his shoulder blades. He has more important things to worry about, like a set of MRI results with his name on them. It seems he’s got a surgery to prep for.
of pretending that I’m not. So I’m not going to be selfless about this, because that’s not who I am.”
“You’re lucky to be doing your internship at his hospital, he’s a great surgeon. There’s a lot you can learn from him,” Howard says, still oddly enthusiastic. Tony doesn’t know how to tell him that he isn’t doing his internship anymore and that there’s really nothing left for him to learn from Nick Fury.
He feels Nat’s loss like a missing limb. She’d been there, a steadfast presence through the worst and best of it from the first time he set foot on the helicarrier, his loneliness tearing through his insides with teeth. She’d staunched the bleeding, tended the wounds, rebandaged them when the thing with teeth reawakened and gnawed at him again. He wishes he’d told her how important she was, how she kept him sane, kept him whole, that she was his family too.
“Steve?” Tony ask, just quiet enough that if Steve is, in fact, still asleep, then it’s unlikely to disturb him.
“Thank you, Peter. Maybe next time you can try not terrify everyone in the room,” Tony says, turning towards the patient. “I’m not going to sugarcoat this for you, because that’s not what I do. I have reservations about this surgery, so I make no promises. I have an idea of how to proceed but that’s just what this is, an idea. There’s really no precedence for this.” He takes in the look on their faces, the steely determination on Phil’s and the concern on Maria’s. “But if anyone is going to pull this surgery off, it’s me.”
Steve steps forward to obstruct Fury’s view of Tony. He cuts an imposing figure, back ramrod straight as he glares down his commanding officer (or the closest thing he has to one) all in defence of Tony.
“I don’t have another surgery scheduled until tomorrow morning and all my post- and pre-op patients are under the care of residents and interns…” Well, it’s really Fury’s own fault that he decided to ask that question to the only organised member of his attending staff. A muscle ticks in Fury’s jaw, “sir,” Steve adds, almost as an afterthought.
Steve feels the now all too familiar burn in his eyes as he remembers Nat’s excitement as the teams set out in search of the stones. The hope that Steve had watched dwindle over the past five years, lost to anger and despair, finally rekindled with the possibility of a better future.
Steve turns to look over his shoulder, heart stuttering in his chest, and there, coming up behind him, is Tony Stark. A wonderfully alive Tony Stark who Steve hasn’t failed.
“He was fine. No different than usual, anyway,” he says. There’s a hitch in her breathing, as though she’s muffling a sob. “Mom?”
. “Maybe you can call in Xavier or something if you need a decent neurosurgeon…” It goes without saying that Tony can’t be the one to treat his father.
tell anyone that I’m here. I won’t be that charity case that everybody feels sorry for. I’m Howard Stark and I won’t be pitied.” Faced with no other options, Tony had agreed.
“I can’t believe we just rubbed each other off against a wall like a couple of teenagers hiding from their parents,” and suddenly Tony is laughing, his body languid and loose as it shakes against Steve’s. “Oh God, we were hiding from
“I never agreed to subject myself to this kind of abuse,” Tony complains, crossing his arms across his chest.
“I did nothing. The soul holds a special place among the infinity stones, it demands a sacrifice. A soul for a soul. Your friends, they fought. Natasha won, or should I say…she lost.”
“So what are you going to do about your surgery?” Steve asks, and Tony shrugs, kicking his legs up onto the table. A little crease of disapproval appears between Steve’s eyebrows.
He doesn’t try again until Tony is out in the hall, his path diverging from Clint and Thor’s, leaving him alone again.
“I couldn’t save you. Not when you faced Thanos on a planet so far from home, God, Tony, I couldn’t even do it when I was standing on the same goddamn battlefield. I was
“It was my fault because I didn’t stand up to you. Because I let you push me into a surgery that was against all of my better judgement, and the patient died because of the risks that I knew were there. Tony watches Fury’s jaw clench tightly as he continues speaking, softening his tone because that’s what you do when comforting a patient’s loved ones and though he refuses to admit it now, that’s what Fury is. Tony’s done with lashing out at people. “And I am sorry about Phil.”
“So the one in 14,000,605 futures that Strange saw, the only way we succeed is through my death,” Tony says, voice typically glib in the face of bad news, but there’s something there, an undercurrent that becomes more pronounced when he takes a shaky breath in. “Right. That’s that then. Man, I guess that’s what he was apologising for when he said it was the only way to win.”
He’s nursing a boxer’s fracture encased in brand new cast and under the influence of some rather heavy painkillers when the page comes in from the ER.
“The scepter, it put something in my head. You were here for the tesseract too? You and…Stark? Something about…” His eyes clear suddenly and his gaze focuses on Steve. “You’re me from the future.”
“Hi, mom,” he replies, already devising a way of cutting the conversation short. She’s developed this uncanny knack for calling him at the most inopportune times.
Not that he and his father have ever been close. Tony’s finally reached a point where he can admit that Howard’s eternal disappointment in him had been the driving force behind the success of his own career, always pushing him to try harder, desperate for a little speck of his father’s approval. He’d never got it, only a clap on the shoulder when he got into Harvard Med at 16 and a handshake when he graduated. He’d lived his life in his father’s shadow, gone into medicine because it’s what his father, what everyone, expected of him.
Tony glanced at him, suddenly looking young and vulnerable.  “Now?” he asked, his voice soft and hoarse, barely carrying to where Steve was next to him.  “Now are you going to put me into the cell?”
It was a testament to Steve’s drawing skill that it always looked like it glowed, even when the sketches were just pencil or charcoal without color.
Natasha took his hand and guided him into the bedroom.  Like the other apartments in the Tower, it had nondescript furniture with the feel of a very high-end but still very impersonal hotel room.  She maneuvered him to the bed, forcing him to sit.  It took a few drawers, but eventually she found pajama pants and a soft, well-worn t-shirt.  Steve followed her gentle nudges without protest, and he had to admit he felt better in clean clothes.  Lying down, he turned away from her and curled up with his knees to his chest.  He expected her to leave and was shocked when she crawled in beside him, making a warm nest out of the covers.  With a murmur, she had Jarvis turn off the lights and dim the windows.  Natasha threw her arm around his chest, her fingers threading through the chain of his dog tags and settling over his sternum.  She tucked her head between his shoulder blades, and he could feel her warm breath through the fabric of his shirt on the skin of his back.
The first time he’d eaten as much as he wanted, he’d thrown it all up.  Even with the serum, the austerity of war and the memory of the Depression had overwhelmed him, and the waste of the food had made him feel profoundly guilty.  He was more careful after that, making sure to stop well before he was full, eating many small meals instead of three large ones.  But it made him wary.  He felt better eating around other people, enjoying the social aspect of it once Natasha, Clint, and Bruce made it part of their daily routines with him.  It helped him to feel less lonely, like he was finding new pieces that he could put together, filling in all the empty spaces in his life.  It was a way to make sense of the 21st century, to form some tentative bonds with the people he now lived with.
“Let’s go home tonight.  We can drive back to Malibu and take the jet to New York,” Steve said suddenly, reaching over to grab Tony’s arm.  “I don’t know why, but I want a funny movie and popcorn with everyone else.”
While he was facing away, Tony started singing quietly to himself, the mournful hymn he had been belting outside.  “O come, o come, Emmanuel,” he began, the pace a dirge, “and ransom captive Israel.”
Steve showed her the Navy Yard where Bucky had worked and where their tenement apartment used to be.   She was surprisingly quiet during his stories about Bucky, watching with her bright, thoughtful eyes that didn’t miss a single thing.  “You still miss him,” she said, merely stating a fact, as they stood on the sidewalk, looking up at the building that had since been gutted and remodeled many times over.
Steve gently cradled the monitor in his hands, the display a mirror image of the monitor above the hospital.  It felt small and precious to him, as though Tony had handed off a piece of himself to Steve.
Trailing kisses up Tony’s neck, Steve wrapped his arms around him until Tony’s head fell against his chest.  Steve buried his nose in Tony’s hair, closing his eyes and enjoying the scent of hot metal, coconuts, and hair product, with Tony beneath it all.  “Thank you for bringing me here,” Steve said softly, his breath stirring Tony’s hair.  “Thank you for letting me do this for him.”
Steve’s attention snapped back to him, and he saw a small puddle of sweat on the floor in front of Tony.  Tony ran a hand through his hair, scattering more sweat onto the seat, his suit, and the floor.  “I’ve never had it come on this quickly — pneumonia,” Tony clarified, the end of his sentence caught in a much stronger cough.  “I know you don’t want to take care of me when I’m sick — if you could just get me to the medical wing —“
He saw the look in Tony’s eyes, staring at another Steve, one that he could only see.  The person he called Cap, who saved the world and protected those who couldn’t always protect themselves, the one he had total faith in.  He saw the heartbreak in Tony’s eyes when he told Steve the blue disc that had saved his life couldn’t save Steve’s but in the next breath promised that something would come along that would cure him.
“I think I do.”  Steve’s hand came up to his chest, and Natasha saw him rub at his dog tags before slipping his fingers under the hem of the neckline to worry at the chain.  His shoulders hunched up, and she could see the tightness in his arms and across his back as the strain pulled the cotton of his shirt tight.
They stared at each other for a moment before Tony started up again.  “O come, O come, Emmanuel,” he sang, his baritone carrying easily through the still air, the sound haunting in the silence.
Enzo shook his head.  “He fixes my machine, I’ll give him a suit, another pair of pants, and throw in two shirts that’re already done and just need to be taken in, so he doesn’t have to wear yours.  I have twenty orders I need to fill that I’ll never be able to finish without it.”  Enzo crossed his arms and gave Tony a head to toe look, appraising.  “If you really can fix anything, maybe we have you over dinner to meet our Luciana.”
Steve took a few deep, shuddering breaths, running a hand over his face.  “I thought I would feel better being here,” he said, “but I — I don’t think I can do this.”  He stood and took a few unsteady steps towards the door before he half-turned, his body partially towards Tony but his head still facing away.  “I’m sorry.”  His bulk blocked out the light from the hall for a moment, and then he was gone.
Tony glanced over his shoulder to see the giant’s blue head above the trees between the terrance and the docks.  It was staggering backwards, a few steps away from overbalancing and falling into water.  It was still destroying the tops of the trees with great sweeps of its arms.
Bucky was left in his undershirt, boxers, and socks, his hat discarded onto the table.  He swayed as he reached out with an unsteady hand, sweeping Steve’s blond hair off his forehead.  Bucky’s hot breath stirred his hair, the smell the beer still there, as well as the faint whiff of cologne and sweat now that he’d stripped out of the uniform.
so Tony could move on to the next problem.  He could live with lonely — couldn’t he? — but he wasn’t sure he could live with being something broken, something that Tony needed to fix.
When he looked back at Tony, there was understanding in Tony’s eyes.  “That’s not true, Steve,” Tony said softly.  “You have to know that.”
“Nah,” Steve answered from the drawing room.  Tony went into the living room and turned the radio down.  With the music quieter, Tony could hear the scratch of Steve’s pencil on the paper as he sketched out his sample panels for Timely.  “He should be up soon.”
him.”  Steve fumbled for a moment before grabbing his dog tags, running his thumb over the St. Monica medal through his t-shirt.
Steve wasn’t a problem that just needed to be fixed.  He just needed to settle in, to find his place in this time.  He thought of his ma’s radio that Tony had fixed, and his expression when he’d first seen it.  That questioning look, the one with the edge, that wondered why in the hell they were keeping something that was broken and useless.
The memory of how Tony had looked at him then — scrawny, feisty Steve, who was too loud, and fought too much, and dreamed too big — it was something that Steve could have lived with the rest of his days.  He could have lived with that Tony, who fixed his radio and had told him with tears in his eyes that someday Steve would be the person on the outside that he felt like on the inside, that they would fix his size and his heart and his lungs, all of the things that were wrong with him.
There were cars on the street, but they were also all wrong — the bodies too boxy, no seatbelts to be seen, all of them jerking as they were shifted from gear to gear, the exhaust black from the tail pipes.   Tony looked down the street to see the buildings, most of which were brick.  They were all too short.  He could see a few billboards, all of which looked cartoony to him with the same bright color palettes.  One was even for cigarettes.
The draft board official shifted his gaze from Bucky to Steve and back again slowly, as if inspecting something he knew would be particularly difficult to get off his shoe while spit-shining it that evening.  “Good luck, soldier,” he said finally, brushing past Steve and out the apartment door.
He knew that moment — it was seared into his memory with pain and suffering, agony both emotional and physical.  He knew exactly what he was looking at — Pepper had been in front of him, but Steve was behind her, off her right shoulder.  Tony closed his eyes, and he could see Steve in that moment like it was happening again: the blood on his face, his helmet dirty.  And those blue eyes, filled with tears, filled with a despair Tony never wanted to see again.
“Get changed,” she said, running a hand through her wild curls and stifling a yawn.  “We’re getting bagels.”
Part of his mind rebelled against the thought.  This version of Steve was not his teammate, nothing like him.  His Steve was big and strong, taking up space in ways far beyond just his bulk.  His Steve had been the leader of the Howling Commandos, successfully completing countless missions that helped bring down Hydra.  His Steve had put the Valkyrie into the water and helped win the war.
“She knows it’s hard for you to talk about,” Steve said after a pause.  “She said when she was little, you didn’t like it when she asked you about it.  So she stopped asking.”
Initially, Tony had invited him just like the others, but instead of taking him up on the offer, Steve had decided to ride his motorcycle across the country.  Tony got it — he really did.  The guy had passed out while crashing a plane into the North Atlantic during World War II and woken up in the 21st century.  He had trouble coming up with a single thing that wasn’t profoundly changed from the life Steve had known before.
Fortunately — or unfortunately, depending on how you looked at it — it took another few days before the fever followed.  By then, Tony got so short of breath going up and down the stairs he couldn’t even contemplate walking around their neighborhood to make his rounds and see what needed fixing.
Steve turned around and spread his arms wide, taking in the whole block.  “I knew the name of everyone who lived here.  The couple who lived above us would get in an argument every Thursday night, when she drank too much because of the baby, and then again every Friday, when he came home late after drinking with his co-workers.  They made up and had sex every Sunday.  The people across the hall always complained about me playing the radio, and I swear to God, they threw a party after it broke.”
The sigh came out of Steve before he could stop it.  “There isn’t anything I can do, so what does it matter?”
Steve just shook his head.  “Even that’s never happened to me,” he muttered under his breath.  “You live around here?”
Tony sighed but couldn’t find it in himself to refuse.  He pulled his shirt off over his head and draped it over the sink basin, which was still dry.  Steve ran his fingers around the metal rim and traced the scars that radiated out from it.  “I keep dreaming about it,” he said.  “I can see that exact shade of blue when I close my eyes — I’ve never seen that color before.”
“We should probably let him sleep for a while,” Bucky ventured.  “I need to go to work, but I’m afraid to leave him alone.”
If they were in his time, Tony would have hired him on the spot for his resourcefulness and cleverness.
Memories of the apartment still came upon him, unbidden, but they were tinged with fondness now, instead of loneliness and regret.  Tony had even found him a radio somewhere like his ma’s.
Tony wandered back into the living room.  He gave the couch a skeptical look, but there wasn’t anywhere else to lie down, unless he wanted to sleep at the kitchen table.  He kicked off his tennis shoes — at least they were dark on top with only white around the soles — and wrapped himself in one of the afghans.
Outside, under the light of the full moon, Steve found Tony on his hands and knees in the dirt, vomiting onto the ground.  Coughing and retching, Tony gasped and sobbed between heaves until nothing but clear liquid came up.  Steve gathered the blanket up to keep it out of the dirt and vomit and knelt next to Tony, putting a hand on his back.  Tony glanced over, eyes watering, although Steve couldn’t tell if it was from emotion or the burn of the acid in his mouth and throat.
“He would have sassed us the whole time,” Tony answered.  “I don’t know about what — but he would have found something.”
Wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck, Tony pulled back a little, giving him a wicked grin.  “Oh, definitely the first,” he replied.  “I need to be put into my place.”  Steve gave him an indulgent smile and kissed him, pushing him against the window with a gentle thump.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Steve heard himself saying, and even he wasn’t sure if he meant throwing the socks away now or learning to darn socks then.
Tony must have fallen asleep, because he became aware of Cap sitting beside him, Tony’s clammy hand clutched between his two surprisingly cool ones.
Steve closed his eyes, remembering the terrible day when Tony had told him his ma had died.  He imagined Tony’s hand over his, pressing it into the arc reactor as Tony helped him count his breaths.   He found the rhythm within the memory, and when he opened his eyes, his breathing had returned to normal and Tony’s saturations were up to 98%.
Slowly lowering him to the ground, the movement making a scraping sound, Steve let go of his jersey once his feet were on the ground.  “It takes a pretty small man to be so worried about what other people do behind closed doors.”
There were bolts of fabric lined up on tall shelves, and he had two sewing machines and the overlock machine clustered together.  There were also four dressmaker dummies in the corner, two male and two female, one of each gender with a partially made garment on it.  The room was warm and cozy, with a coal fired burner in the corner and three irons laid out.  There was a table with his other tools — pins and needles, buttons, scissors and shears, and thread — neatly contained in baskets on the table top.
But when Tony grabbed his pile of socks and the one out of his hands, complete with the darning egg still inside, it was hard to see it as anything but a personal indictment.  Steve felt his mouth work, still staring at the trash can where Tony had dumped all of it, but no sounds came out.
“Hey, Steve?” Tony said, feeling a little self-conscious.  He wasn’t used to needing things, especially material things, from other people.  And Steve didn’t even have any idea he was returning a favor.  “Thank you.  I really appreciate it.  Not everyone would be as helpful.”
He was grateful for his life, for the loves he’d felt so strongly and deeply.  With Tony, he’d finally settled into a fulfilling existence, no longer so painfully alone.  Natasha had settled in as the best friend he hadn’t realized he was looking for.  He had a team with the Avengers, more family than he’d ever known growing up.
“I —“ Steve tried to protest again before he stopped to actually consider her question.  “I can’t remember,” Steve said after a long pause.  He gestured up at the building, trying to figure out a way to explain.  “It was different back then — it was the Depression.  No one had the kind of money to live alone.  At least no one I knew, and certainly no one who lived in Brooklyn.  Maybe if you lived in Manhattan.  You were born into your family, you lived with your family your whole life, and then you died surrounded by your family.  Maybe you got married and moved out, maybe you had kids, but by the time your kids were grown, your parents moved in because they need someone to help take care of them.  If you didn’t have family, you lived with friends who were as good as.  If you were lucky, you only shared a bathtub with your neighbors.  If you were unlucky, you also shared a toilet.”
She ducked back out of the room, not waiting to see if Tony sat.  He watched her walk to the desk, stealing one glance back towards the door of the room, ducking her head and looking away quickly when she saw Tony still standing in the doorway.
Turning back, Tony knelt down next to him, careful to make sure he stayed out of arm’s reach.  “Ah.  Yes.  That one, I think you’ll realize, I can help with.  Regardless of your opinions about me and my life choices, you clearly know I have a lot of money.  I can say without a doubt that it would be my absolute pleasure to bleed you dry as you pursue your legal case against Captain America.”  After a moment’s consideration, Tony added, “Not to mention the PR aspect.  I can just imagine the headlines now:  ‘Captain America Defends Iron Man’s Honor,’ ‘Captain America Returns to Old Favorite of Punching Neo-Nazis; Bystanders Post Videos on YouTube.’”
“Can I get you a coffee?” Steve asked suddenly, his expression eager as he interrupted Tony’s thoughts.  It was a look Tony recognized easily, the look he would give whenever something in the future both surprised and delighted him.  A look that Tony had seen less and less often the longer he’d known Steve.  “Unless you have somewhere else to be?”
Suddenly concerned, he looked down at his hands, expecting to seem them scraped up, how they usually looked when he’d gotten into a fight that he’d inevitably lost.  But his hands were clean and whole, fingers still long and thin but his palms broader than he remembered.  The movement made his vision swim, and the world tilted off its axis, the dizziness and confusion overwhelming him in a rush.
“It helps his heart,” Natasha said.  She reached over and covered his hand with hers, gently squeezing his fingers.  “But it takes up space in his chest — space normally reserved for his lungs.  So he’s a little more at risk for respiratory problems.  I’m sure you’re familiar with the idea.”
“Nat told me you have pneumonia.  She said that you have medications to treat it now.”  Steve heard the wobble in his voice, and he paused, swallowing slowly.  He could do this.  He had to do this.  “I just needed to see for myself that you were okay.”
A muscle twitches in Steve’s jaw. “You know what I’m talking about. The surgery. Are you sure it’s a good idea?”
“I could’ve told you that, Tony,” Steve says, voice soft and wary of scaring Tony off. Tony startles anyway, pulling his hand back when he realises how closely their heads are bent together.
“No,” Steve said, and he knew that Bucky could pick out the thickness in his voice from the tears, the despair.
The protest died on Steve’s lips as he tried to come up with a single example he could use to prove him wrong — but he couldn’t think of one.  “Well, Steve then, Tony.  You only ever call me Sheriff.”
“I’m sorry, Buck,” Steve said.  Bucky turned suddenly and pulled Steve into a tight hug.  Steve wrapped his arms around Bucky, feeling the trembling in Bucky’s chest and arms.  Bucky’s breath came hot where he’d buried his face into Steve’s shoulder.  Just as suddenly, he released Steve, who faltered from the sudden absence of his friend in his arms.
Steve pushed away from the window and went to the bookshelf.  He pulled out one of the sketchbooks Tony had bought for him and a pen.  He walked back over to the window and sat down on the floor, leaning up against the glass.  The light from the Chrysler Building reflected into his room, and he outlined a drawing in broad strokes.  Tony emerged on the paper, sitting in the bathtub, peering out from under a towel with steam filling the room.  Steve could smell the peppermint and eucalyptus in the steam filling the room, hear the wheezy rattle as Tony struggled to take deep breaths.  He could feel the damp from the hot water clinging to his skin, the way it made his shirt stick.  Steve remembered the feel of Tony’s skin under his hands, how the thin towel had hidden nothing when he’d helped Tony out of the tub.  Tony had lost so much weight, made lean by the sparse food and living hand to mouth during the Depression.  Then he’d lost even more with the pneumonia.
The cold spread, and Steve felt dizzy for a moment, confusion following quickly behind.  Had someone beaten him up recently? — he couldn’t remember.  He felt his head cock to the side, the hospital equipment and monitors suddenly unfamiliar, the smell — not of bleach and starch, but some milder cleaner with the sharp undercurrent of alcohol — out of place.  Even his body felt wrong, too heavy and bulky, his clothes too tight, the fabric too soft.  Tony was familiar, but he was back in strange clothes like the day Steve had found him in the alley.
Tony felt his mouth go dry.  The blue eyes, the same color as the New York fall sky.  He never could forget them, no matter how hard he tried.
Tony blinked for a few moments.  “I’m a little surprised she didn’t say anything,” he said.  His right hand went to his chest instinctively, rubbing at the long, thin scar where his arc reactor used to sit.
shade of blue — with white clouds doting the sky.  The glass warmed against Steve’s skin, but still he replayed those last few moments in the Valkyrie over and over again, curled on the floor, thousands of feet above the city he’d saved.
From Yosemite, he turned north to see the giant redwoods standing sentinel on the California coast, and he enjoyed feeling small next to the largest living organisms on the planet.
, how long have you been carrying this burden?” she asked, her fingers still gently kneading into his scalp, soothing as they kept a steady rhythm.
“C’mon,” Steve said, a little more gruffly than he intended, unsettled by the memories dredged up by Tony’s singing and the smell of the whiskey.  He dragged Tony back towards the courthouse, but Tony came easily enough once he got his feet under him.  Steve could feel the warmth of his body even through the fabric of their shirts, his hand almost hot where it was tucked under Tony’s arm.
Steve stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.  Tony sat down on Bucky’s bed, his head in his hands.  He heard Steve turn up the radio in the other room, the joyful music at odds with the sense of despair in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
“Look, I know we’re not very close,” Steve said, “but if you don’t mind, I’d rather not talk to the doctor and just stay here.  It’ll make me feel better.  It’s not like I’ll sleep if I go back to my room anyway, knowing you’re here.”
Steve narrowed his eyes.  “Like life is full of possibilities, and they’re all mine for the taking.”
The summer faded into fall, and as far as Tony could tell, Steve didn’t tell Bucky about the arc reactor.  Tony was careful after that, only changing when alone, most of the time retreating to the toilet or bathroom with the door closed.  He was also careful to not strip down past an undershirt no matter how hot it got.  He could also feel Steve’s eyes following him when he was in his pajamas.  Steve didn’t crawl into bed with him again either, which Tony found he sincerely regretted.
It was that question — that burning feeling that there was something going on that he didn’t understand — that drove Steve to settle back into his old, pre-Tony routine.  He decided to just have faith in what Tony had said after the fact, even if he hadn’t believed it at the time.  Because, whatever Steve thought about it, Tony had believed it.
“Shit, Steve, when did you—why did you—? ” Tony’s asking, mouth detaching itself from Steve’s between kisses, and Steve thinks he must be doing something wrong if Tony is still mostly forming sentences because Steve’s brain can’t seem to catch up, there’s so much to kiss, see, feel. Too much. But he shouldn’t be surprised that Tony’s mind can handle a whole lot more than Steve’s. Maybe he’ll have to try harder.
She shoots him a glare and he hears her mutter something that he isn’t certain, but definitely sounds like it might be ‘fucking surgeons’.
Tony’s mouth is hot and demanding against Steve’s, and Steve is willing to let Tony take and take and take because that’s what he deserves, and Steve is more than happy to give him anything, everything, he wants.
Before he’s even had a chance to consider the question, something shifts in the air and Steve is left grasping at smoke, the Red Skull insubstantial when he reappears before Steve.
Since the serum, Steve rarely finds himself out of breath, his endurance often feels endless, but right now there isn’t enough oxygen in the room as he fights to get his breathing under control.
Tony holds his tongue and thinks about it for a moment. He considers the scans again. He uses the computer to highlight the cyst closest to the surface and judges its proximity to the subsequent one. Then he removes the highlighting from the first one and shifts it to the next. Technically, Bruce is right. There is very little difference between one and eight, if you don’t factor in the time difference. He’s going to be stuck in surgery for a few hours at least with the level of care and precision he’ll have to exercise, but that’s not exactly unusual for him.
“Oh, here,” Steve says, pushing Mjölnir towards her. “I’m pretty sure this belongs to your Thor. I mean, they’re all
“Okay, it’s definitely time for an x-ray,” Steve shifts his weight away before reaching his arm behind Tony to pull him upright into a sitting position.
The last, lingering effects of his tunnel vision dissipate. He pushes away the rising uncertainty and doubt, and looks up into Steve’s blue eyes, plastering a fake smile on his face.
Up close, Red Skull’s face hasn’t changed, despite the almost seventy years since the last time Steve has seen him, but then, Steve supposes, he hasn’t changed much either. On the outside at least.
. If I tell you to operate, you’re damn well going to operate.” He straightens, as though only just noticing that he’s let Tony ruffle his feathers again. “And if you don’t like that, then you can get the hell out of my hospital.” He turns then, striding away with his custom-ordered black lab coat fluttering about his legs.
“Returning what I took,” Steve bends down to flick open the stone case. He gestures at the orange mind stone, the last one left. “This is the stone that was inside the scepter.”
His brain is a mess of statistics and surgical procedures when he arrives at the radiology department to find Bruce waiting for him.
Tony makes to follow him. “No, no, where are you going?” His hand is locked on the back of Steve’s neck to keep him from moving too far away. Not that Steve couldn’t dislodge Tony’s grip if he wanted, but he’s banking on Steve’s desire to alleviate, not cause him pain.
His mind is working a mile a minute, shooting through possible ways to tackle this problem, before the decision is taken out of his hands altogether.
“Dunno,” the kid winces. His skin has a grey cast and his pupils are dilated, only a small ring of brown remaining of the iris and leaving his eyes looking almost entirely black. “One second I was walk—” he grimaces, “walking through this abandoned house—ow!” he shouts, as Natasha does something to the injury site.
“Parker!” Tony barks, startling the intern loitering by the patient’s room. A tall, gangly kid in glasses, Parker’s the best of the hospital’s latest batch of interns and the only one Tony’s decided to take under his wing. Unfortunately for Parker, the kid has all the grace of a baby giraffe learning how to walk. Parker fumbles with the files he’s holding and Tony has to keep from rolling his eyes.
“So, bird brain,” Tony kicks Clint’s leg under the table and Clint scowls at him from beneath his bird-patterned scrub cap, “what’s the latest in the world of the tiny humans?”
waiting for…me, I’m just…enjoying the scenery,” he replies, stretching his legs out and forcing a passing nurse to swerve to avoid tripping.
Tony suspects that if Steve’s eyebrows rise any higher they’re going to disappear into his hairline.
The moment passes, but the ease between them hasn’t yet shifted into what Steve is sure is going to be regret and accusation. For now, he can feel the warm press of Tony’s open mouth on this skin of his neck, and the sharp nip of his teeth on the skin there, and he doesn’t want to shatter this. He wants to hold onto it and never let go.
Tony takes it as a positive sign, lifting his hands to rest against either side of Steve’s neck. “What I’m trying to say, I guess, is that—” Tony stalls for a moment, the words suddenly dying in his throat. He scrambles for something else to say, because he can’t seriously be thinking of doing this, can he? But his brain—his fantastic, infallible brain, is failing him. Then he’s looking at Steve and there’s something that might be hope warring with fear in his expression and dammit, Tony can’t back down now.
Steve weighs the question for a moment, strips away all the complicated layers of grief, anger and denial. “It did,” he confesses.
“You know, I’ve had this dream a few times but the reality is so much better.” Tony’s words are a breathy murmur against Steve’s ear and while the words make Steve feel like there’s an electric current thrumming below his skin, Tony sounds far too coherent.
“You always know what I need, Brucie-pie,” Tony says, clapping him on the shoulder and settling in front of the computer.
“Right, so Bucky got hurt and suddenly, the work that doctors and nurses did, it mattered so much more. I mean, I know it’s selfish, but everything they’d done up till that point, even what they’d done for me, with all my weaknesses and illnesses, it didn’t matter. They were helping Bucky and
By the time he became head of Neurosurgery at Shield—the youngest department head ever—it was already too late. Howard didn’t even know who he was anymore. So this is what he does now: comes by once a week to stare into his father’s unrecognising eyes and wonder how long he’ll be able to endure this before he can’t anymore. Because Howard had left him with one more responsibility, as though he’d had any right to ask Tony for anything. But, of course, he hadn’t asked, that’d never been his style. On one of his rare lucid days he’d grabbed Tony’s arm, his grip surprisingly strong and his dark eyes—the same ones Tony sees in the mirror every day—frantic, “you can’t—you
His younger self seems to collapse inward, a marionette with its strings cut. “I want to go home,” he says, and Steve watches the stoicism he remembers building to shore himself up, crumble for a moment.
“What is it, Steve? Come on, talk to me. Is this about Pepper? Because we’re not—” Steve exhales a breath that sounds like a scoff, because he saw Tony when he was at home by the lake, saw Pepper crying over his dying, broken body.
He’s spent five years telling other people about the importance of moving on, but he’s never been anything but a hypocrite. He’s been running from the idea of moving on for far longer than five years, and now…
It’s a struggle to keep his surprise at the support from showing on his face. Instead, Tony takes a deep breath, pushing all thoughts of his earlier surgery from his mind. He’s going to save this kid.
“What do you think, Cap?” Tony breathes, eyes mischievous and voice gravelly in a way that shoots straight to Steve’s cock. “Gonna get your revenge and tell me these pants aren’t doing anything for my ass?” He chuckles, Steve’s answer already a foregone conclusion, but it gives Steve a second to catch his breath.
“You’re really going to do it?” There’s little point to pretending now, so Tony tips his chin down a fraction in confirmation. “Well, good for you,” Clint grins, clapping him on the shoulder. Tony’s fingers bunch in his scrubs, tightening and releasing as the weight of what he’s about to do comes back to him, suddenly seeming much more daunting. Is he really ready for this?
But there’s something there, in Tony’s gaze, and when the hands on the back of his neck,slide gently into his hair, the pressure barely there, giving Steve an out if he wants it, as if he ever would, it’s the easiest thing in the world to tip his head forward back to meet Tony’s.
Tony’s sick of it. Sometimes he wants nothing more than to tell someone, promises be damned. He doesn’t owe Howard anything.
“I think you have to step away from the problem”, Bruce offers, pushing his glasses a little further up his nose. He squints through them before thinking better of it, pulling them off and rubbing them against his shirt. “Break it down a little. What would you do if there was only one cyst?” He puts his glasses back on, seeming satisfied with his clearer vision.
“It could have been anyone, Tony!” he snaps, and watches Tony rear back as if hit. “Almost every other member of the team had—
Steve drew a deep breath to resume the argument in the hallway, but Bucky turned away, bracing both of his fists on the table, letting his head drop and his shoulders slump.  “Can we just — not tonight, Steve?” he asked quietly.  “I have to go to work, and then I have to figure out a way to tell my parents and sisters, and I just — I just don’t have the energy for this tonight.”
Bucky fixed him with a look that was all the more effective due to his red-rimmed eyes from the lack of sleep.  “You,” he started, emphasizing his point with his fork, “are not going to go visit the hospital, get pneumonia, and die.  Because then she’ll kill
— and not for the first time, Steve wondered what Tony had known.  Was this what Tony meant?  This experimental program being run through the military?
) still running on a loop behind his eyelids. He looks at his hands, breathing a shaky sigh of relief when he finds them clean. Only then does he realise that there’s a body pressed snugly up against him, a heart beating against his back and an arm flung over his side. Warm puffs of air ruffle his hair and he lets himself enjoy the sensation for all of two seconds before he remembers why this might be a problem.
Clint’s look takes on a speculative note, his eyes narrowed as he searches Tony’s expression for something. “Unless that’s what you’re doing sitting on the floor and watching the clock while Steve's in surgery…”
Never in a million years will he admit this to the man, but Fury was right, too. He’s never backed down from a challenge. And like it or not, he’s this guy’s best bet.
“But it is. Loss is not something to fear, child. Your friends, did they not choose to go into battle knowing this may happen?”
“I’m—Tony, I—” He can’t seem to get the words out, his body yearning for it to end, for more of it, for anything Tony will give him.
“Well, you won’t believe it, but Steve was right,” Clint says, catching Tony’s eye, his eyebrows raised.
“There are only three hallways between here and the location of your big showdown…and none of the doors are soundproof,” Bruce smirks.
Tony makes a noncommittal sound, turning back to the board on the opposite wall, not really surprised. The floor beneath him is hard and cold and Tony would die before admitting this out loud, but he might be getting too old for this shit.
“So do I,” Steve whispers, earning a quizzical look from the other man. “What if I told you I could send you back to 1945? You can pick up your life where you left off, no consequences.”
Tony Stark sits in the high-backed visitor’s chair with its tacky floral upholstery, one of his legs thrown over the other and foot bouncing up and down. He drums his fingers against his knee and searches for something to say.
“Wow…Does it…does it get better?” There’s a tremble in his voice, and Steve thinks it could be hope and dread, or both.
Tony falls asleep slumped over sideways on the sofa in the attending’s lounge and jolts awake some hours later, the echoes of his dream (
He knows he’s barely skirting around the truth, that the best way to avoid himself is to be where Tony is. No, where the stone needs to be returned to. He needs to wait for Tony to take the tesseract and then go in and return it. Easy. In and out.
“We were, before, but then Morgan was born and somewhere along the way it stopped working. That way, anyway. Never did have the best track record, and I love her, I probably always will, but I only stayed for Morgan, because that little girl’s the most important thing in my life, and if living with her mom is going to give her some stability, a real family, then that’s…I can give her that.”
“What do you know, maybe you aren’t perfect after all,” Tony says, part joking, part wondering, and Steve knows that if his younger self had been standing in his place, Steve would’ve responded harshly, not yet sure how to deal with all of his
“Wait, just hear me out,” Steve says, arms outstretched, trying to make himself as non-threatening as possible. He watches, surprised, as the other Steve relaxes his stance. “I’m not Loki, I swear.”
“Have you always been this nosy?” Tony gripes, considering drawing his knees up when yet another person complains about having to dodge his roadblock. He decides against it.
“Are we looking at the same results here? There are eight of them. There’s no way to surgically navigate through that minefield. If I accidentally nudge even one of them it could rupture and let that worm out into the man’s brain.”
His body is still thrumming with adrenaline, and the realisation that he’s made too many mistakes already, and that everything could go wrong here, is building into a shudder that Steve is horrified to realise Tony can feel everywhere their bodies are touching.
“Such children,” Natasha sighs, pushing her seat out, and getting to her feet. They all throw questioning glances that she doesn’t see. Instead, she pulls her copper red hair away from her face and picks a slice of apple off her plate. Only then does she note their silence.
“Are —“ Tony had to stop for a moment, unable to get the words out for possibly the first time in his life.  “Are you fixing that sock?”
“— and you lived with him until he shipped out.  Apparently with Tony for a few months.  Then you went to Camp LeHigh.  Even after you became Captain America, you still toured with those chorus girls and the guy who played Hitler.  And then you joined the Howling Commandos, who you were with until the day you put the Valkyrie in the water,”  Natasha finished.  “And then you wake up here, in your empty apartment and go on your solitary road trip.”
He tapped on the door before pushing it open.  Bucky had his pants but no shirt, and he looked up in surprise at Steve’s appearance.  “There’s a guy here for you,” Steve said, and he knew his reluctance was clear on his face.  Bucky cocked his head to the side in confusion before pulling his undershirt on over his head.  “From the draft board,” he clarified.
“When was the last time anyone took care of you?” Steve asked, his breath ghosting over Tony’s palm as he knelt before him, golden head bowed, hair shining in what little light the stove was still giving off.  “Why shouldn’t I do this?”
“Did you know, I can remember them building the Chrysler building?” Steve cut him off.  He didn’t want to hear it.  He knew Tony was sorry — Steve had seen it in his face before he’d left the room, and he didn’t really feel up to reconciling the difference between this Tony and his from before.  This Tony was unhappy and stressed, quick to decide he needed to fix things that weren’t really problems.  Steve could tell that this Tony was used to screwing up, to upsetting people.
Steve just looked back, his mouth slightly open.  After a moment, he closed it and looked away, his expression closing off.  “You didn’t have to do that,” he said.
With that, Steve threaded his arm under Tony’s and gently lifted him up into his arms  Tony clutched at Steve, his face buried into Steve’s shoulder.  Carrying him over to the bed, Steve flung the covers away and set Tony down.  Kneeling down before him once again, he carefully pulled off Tony’s boots and set them beside the foot of the bed.  He carefully stripped Tony, one article of clothing at a time.
“I can’t believe you found that.  I could have just given the pitch to you, you know.  I still have it memorized.”
He pulled himself from the sheets, not bothering to make the bed, and tugged on a long-sleeved t-shirt and pajama pants.  His chest was sticky from sweat, the dark shapes from his nightmares still caught in his head — shapes that resolved in Chitauri, always accompanied by the inevitable feeling of being too slow, too weak, too stupid to save the people trapped in the wreckage.  That inexorable knowledge dragged him under, knowing that he wouldn’t be able to save everyone.
Bucky shook his head, more in disbelief than disagreement.  “Depends how close the picture is,” he said, running a hand through his short hair.  “But you know that.”  He moved into the kitchen, yelling over his shoulder, “Guess we have to go and see for ourselves.”
“Please don’t leave me,” Cap whispered into Tony’s hand, his breath cold as it moved over his sweaty palm.  “I love you, and I can’t lose you too.”
“I don’t think it’s me, but the feeling is mutual.  He’s a little man with a little power.”  Bucky threw the letter on the table before looking at Steve.  “You sure you don’t recognize him?  He seems like the kind of guy who’s kicked your ass before.”
He drew a slow, shuddering breath, balling his hands into fists, his shoulders bunching up around his ears again.  It was easy to remember — so easy.  The elation of being chosen, the burning satisfaction of finally being right for once — that all the things he felt on the inside were finally recognized on the outside.  That he was meant for greater things.  “Dr. Erskine sat me down the night before and talked to me about being a good man, about how that was more important than being a soldier.  And I thought that was enough.  If I could do the things I’d been trained to do, and keep the parts of myself that had caused him to pick me — if I could do everything right, I could save lives and win the war.”
Breathing heavily, Steve huffed through the pain until it subsided to a dull ache.  He looked up, meeting Tony’s eyes.  There seemed to be understanding there, and something else Steve couldn’t read in the other man’s expression.  “Want that drink now?” Tony asked.  “I think I’m done for the night.”
“Thank god for small favors that the guy who mugged him wasn’t still there,” Bucky said.  “Otherwise I’d have to clean up both of you idiots.”  There was a pause, and then Bucky added, laughter in his voice, “Don’t give me that look.  I’m sure you would have won that one.”  After another moment, Bucky continued, “All right, all right.  He can stay until he gets back on his feet.  Maybe he can fix the radio while he’s here.”
Steve surged to his feet and moved to her window, feeling restless and out of sorts.  Her windows faced north and west, looking out over Rockefeller Center.  He slammed his fist against the glass, holding back on the gesture at the last moment to keep from shattering it.  “I need to know,” he repeated, the desperation clearer in his voice.
But the part that stung the most was that Bucky was at least partially right, even if Steve would never admit it to him: with his ma and Tony gone and Bucky off to who knows where, there was nothing left for him here.
Steve glanced back, following Tony’s gesture.  “Sure.  I’m supposed to have this done to submit tomorrow, so I need to finish it up anyway.”
Steve nodded slowly and turned back to the drafting table with some reluctance.  Bucky led the way out of the apartment.  “Thank you for this,” Tony said once the door was closed.
Bucky turned just before he got to the door to the apartment.  “Funny,” he said, his soft voice carrying back to Steve in the quiet hallway, “you never used to talk like this before your ma died and Tony disappeared.”
But he knew it wasn’t — he’d felt the arc reactor before, not quite a hundred years and another lifetime before.  The metal casing around the outside had been surprisingly warm to the touch from Tony’s body, and the reactor itself had been cooler than Steve had expected, given the warm blue light it gave off.
All of the stress of the day, the anxiety of the experimental procedure and everything he’d had to do, every hoop he’d had to jump through ramped up when he looked over to see a face that looked both so very familiar and so very different at the same time.  The hair color was the same, but Howard’s lacked the wave of Tony’s.  They had the same bone structure and eyes, and Steve had a hard time tearing his own gaze away.  Howard’s mouth lifted up at the corner in a smirk, like he was laughing at a private joke, and Steve felt like he’d taken a punch to the gut.  It was like the ghost of Tony had followed him from the barracks where he’d haunted Steve the night before and taken on corporal form based only on a description of what Tony looked like.  The rough features were the same, and many of them were very close — but it wasn’t quite right.
The next two weeks passed in a flurry of activity.  Steve went to six separate draft boards with a new address.  Each time, he’d barely get past the first diagnosis on his medical history before his form was taken and stamped with 4F.  He kept his small pile of rejection forms hidden from Bucky.
Tony slumped further down into the water, begrudgingly putting the towel back over his head after wringing it out very thoroughly.  Steve watched him, showing the most interest he had since October.  “Do you not like the water on your face?” he asked once Tony had finally gotten the towel positioned and leaned over so it fell away.
The cough followed a few days after the shortness of breath and pleuritic chest pain, accompanied by a fever.  Bruce took one look at him that afternoon and made him go to the medical facility within the Stark Tower for a chest x-ray.  It was no surprise he had pneumonia in his bilateral lower lobes.  The doctor wanted him to stay overnight for nebulizer treatments, breathing exercises to try to re-expand his lungs, IV antibiotics, and supplemental oxygen.  Tony wanted to refuse — he always did — but he knew, at least in this case, the pneumonia would get worse before it got better if he did.  He agreed to one night, the deal they always struck, and settled in.
When Steve looked up into his face, Tony’s eyes were downcast, looking at where his hands were open, palms up, almost in supplication.  Steve lifted first one and then the other to his lips, kissing his palms, his breath hot on Tony’s cold skin.
There was gratitude in Steve’s eyes, and he shook his head a little at Tony’s response.  “I never deserved you and everything you did for me.”  Tony shrugged him off uncomfortably, waving his words away.  Steve took a long drink, and somehow the silence seemed a little less awkward.  “Are you out here working with Morgan a lot on her exhibit?” Steve finally asked, clearly looking for a more neutral topic.
Throwing back his head, Steve let out a laugh, although there wasn’t a lot of humor to the sound.  “I’ll always be from here.  But maybe it’s more important where you’re going.”  He looked over his shoulder for a moment before tugging Natasha back into motion.  “But I don’t think I have to explain that to you.”
Steve looked over at Tony and smiled.  Tony’s left arm draped along the door, fingers tapping contently in time to the music playing over the radio, every so often his hand lifting up to emphasize a particularly salient point as he talked.  His right hand draped over the top of the steering wheel, and the wind whipped his brown hair into a mop of messy curls, constantly buffeting it around.  His sunglasses were perched on the bridge of his nose, and Steve could see his reflection in the lenses when Tony glanced over.
“You’d have the Howling Commandos.  You could shape the future of Shield, be there with Director Carter to build it.  Howard would be there.”
Steve didn’t want to answer.  If Howard didn’t know, Steve didn’t want to share Tony with him, as though doing so would force Steve to give away part of his memory of Tony, a piece he could never get back.  “No reason,” Steve forced himself to say.
Howard Stark, however, was a completely different matter.  His picture was included on the poster, and Steve spent a long time studying the familiar bone structure, the same dark wavy hair, and the same expressive eyes.  He wondered if the reproduction did justice to the actual man.
Tony had talked Steve into going to Greenwich Village to try a new coffee shop Pepper had recommended. After finishing their coffee, they strolled along 7th Avenue, enjoying the beautiful summer weather too much to head back to the tower quite yet.  One of the stores had handmade crafts in the window, and Tony stopped to inspect a cross-stitch piece.  “Look,” he said, pointing to the frame.  “I know what I’m getting you for your birthday — it’s even in your colors!”
In addition to getting Bucky back, Steve also gained the Howling Commandos.  His loyalty to his men was absolute, and his dedication to helping win the war was just as solid.  He felt like he was born for this, and each mission the Howling Commandos completed pushed the Allies closer to the end of the war.  Victory seemed inevitable.  It was only a matter of time.
“Are you okay?” Howard asked, peering down at Steve where he was lying on the gantry of Dr. Erskine’s capsule.  “You don’t look so hot, pal.”
Tony fell back asleep sometime in the early morning when the light outside was starting to turn gray.  When he woke again, it was still early morning.  Steve had dozed off in the chair and was slumped down, his chin propped on his hand, which in turn was supported at the elbow by his other arm crossed tightly over his chest.  Tony’s breathing already felt easier, the pleuritic pain better.  He pulled the oxygen off to see what it did to his saturations.
Steve looked away, feeling his cheeks warm.  Of course Tony had no idea why he’d come to sit by his hospital bed.  There was no way for him to know.  It wasn’t even like they were friends — Tony had made it clear he was trying to stay away after the fiasco with Jarvis and tracking how much Steve ate.  Steve struggled for a moment before settling on the truth.  He aimed for wide-eyed, naive, sanitized truth.
At least, he was for 73 days after the Battle of New York.  One by one, each of his systems began to fail.  He needed a ventilator to breathe.  He needed medications to keep his blood pressure up.  He needed dialysis because his kidneys didn’t work.  He needed IV nutrition because his intestines wouldn’t move things through.  He became jaundiced because his liver failed.  He needed platelets because his bone marrow wouldn’t make the factors he needed for his blood to clot, and he needed antibiotics because his body couldn’t fight infections.  He almost died multiple times, the hospital staff having to pound on his chest and give him epinephrine to restart his heart.
“Jesus, Nat,” Steve breathed, feeling his hot, moist breath catch in her tank top and come back at him.  “Jesus Christ.”
“Well, prison will do that.  If I blast you now, what’s the likelihood we can subdue your weird, poorly socialized cousin over there?”
Steve’s last thought was that it was the exact shade of the disc in Tony’s chest, and the hope that he would see Tony again bloomed within him as he lost consciousness.
The elevator opened out into the small waiting area of the medical suite, where the lights were off for the evening.  There was no formal front desk, as the facilities were only for the Avengers, and Natasha slipped through the shadows and between the chairs swiftly.  Steve marveled at her for a moment, the way she was completely silent, somehow even the rustle of her clothing inaudible to his serum-enhanced hearing.  As she moved past the glass divider that separated the waiting room from the hallway leading to the treatment rooms, Steve followed her, reluctance slowing his footsteps.
things, he can at least try to fix what he can.”  Natasha threw her towel after his, and they started across the gym towards the exit.  “Look — it’s what he does.  It’s what he learned to do.  He thinks he needs to be useful, and it’s safer for him to do that than talking to you about feelings — either yours or his.  He tries to anticipate what your problems are and fix them before they ever show up.  It’s why he gave Rhodey an Iron Man suit and Pepper SI when he thought he was going to die from palladium poisoning.”
From Brooklyn, he rode down the eastern seaboard to Washington D.C.  The night he got into town, he went to the World War II Memorial and watched the lighted water stream into the fountain of the Atlantic Pavilion.  He traced the letters on the New York column before seeking each of the others for the American Howling Commandos: California for Morita, Georgia for Jones, and Massachusetts for Dugan.  He came back to New York for Bucky.  He saw the lonesome statues of the Korean War Memorial and ran his fingers over the names etched into the black wall of the Vietnam Memorial, finding tears in his eyes as the country he loved seemed to fail time and again to learn from its mistakes.  He stood at the edge of the reflecting pool, with the Lincoln Memorial behind him and the Washington Monument visible above the World War II Memorial.  He avoided Arlington Cemetery, where his own gravestone and statue were, even though it also meant skipping the ones for Bucky.
“You would have liked her, and she you,” Steve told Natasha as they walked back down the hill to their car, the grass a brilliant emerald under their feet.  “She fought in the Easter Rising for Ireland’s freedom.  She only came to America because my father made her.  She was the bravest person I ever knew.  She didn’t know how to stay down.”
Steve sat next to him, helping to steady him on his knees.  “Jesus Christ, Tony, what the hell was that?” Steve asked, relief and distress competing in his tone.
Even with Steve’s eyes closed, he could feel them standing close to him, cheering him on, giving him the strength to endure another few minutes.  He felt his ma’s hand on his head in benediction, praying for him in Gaelic, her murmuring lilt soothing, her lips brushing over his forehead as her words stirred his hair.  He felt Bucky’s hands on his back, his palms hot over the skin on his shoulders, praying for him in English, his breath moving over the skin on his neck.   And he felt Tony’s hand over his heart, his thin, clever fingers gently splayed out over his sternum, feeling like metal against his skin.  Blue crept in at the edges of his vision, and he heard Tony whisper, “You can do this all day.”
Steve produced a screwdriver from somewhere, and Tony took the back panel off the radio.  The first problem he found was that the wiring attached to the power supply had corroded.  He borrowed a straight blade from Steve and carefully stripped a small section from the wiring before reattaching the individual strands back to the power supply.  He then tightened down the screws to the speaker, reducing the vibration to stop the buggy buzzing interference that was probably happening and give it a better sound.  At some point while Tony was working, he looked up to find that Steve was gone, presumably back into the other room to work on his drawing.
“Did you know, I can remember them building the Chrysler building?” Steve said, cutting him off.  “I was ten years old when they finished it.  It was a race between the Empire State building and the Chrysler building.  I was secretly glad it won, because I thought it was much prettier.  It was the tallest building in the world for almost a year, until they finished the Empire State building.”
Tony stood behind the couch, a mug of peppermint tea in his hands.  It had sounded good when he’d gotten back, much to the surprise of the rest of the team, but he found it was mostly the smell he’d craved; it was one of the last things he really remembered well.
“You’re going to have to move a little faster in the field,” Natasha said in the elevator as they went up to the landing pad where the quinjet was waiting, raising one eyebrow at him.
“Uh,” Tony replied, momentarily thrown.  Bucky gave him a sympathetic glance.  “Yes.  Helen.  Helen couldn’t find any letters from your mother, so she called the doctor. Dr. Hudson.”  Steve nodded, mollified that Tony at least knew his name.  Tony swallowed, taking a small, burning sip from his glass.  “Apparently the doctor had been trying to get Bucky at the Navy Yard but couldn’t because of what happened last night.”
Tony walked back towards the bedroom, and Steve looked over when he walked into the drawing room, doing a double take.  “Buck’s clothes fit pretty nicely,” Steve commented.
the thought flashed through his mind, there and gone again, like a shower of sparks when the sap in the firewood caught unexpectedly.  But Steve came awake enough to realize it must be past midnight.
Steve’s expression twisted.  “No thanks,” he said.  “They just tell you everything’s going to be fine, even when you know it’s not.”
Steve barely ate and alternated between long stretches when he didn’t sleep at all to days on end where he wouldn’t get out of bed.  On the latter days, Tony would cuddle with him at night while Bucky was at work, Steve’s blond head resting on his shoulder and his breath finally evening out as it blew across his chest or his arm, depending on which way he was facing.  If Bucky noticed, he didn’t say anything.
Steve closed his eyes and saw blue: the brilliant blue of his ma’s eyes that he saw in his own eyes every day; the stormy blue-gray of Bucky’s eyes that usually watched him through the mirror while he was getting ready, a soft, fond grin on his face; the blue of the disc in Tony’s chest.
In Grand Junction, Steve bought a map and figured out that the Grand Canyon was seven hours to the southwest.  He marveled how the map had changed since Bucky had last poured over it, at Lake Powell, which had been created by damming the river in Southern Utah in the 1950s.  He thought about how impressed Bucky would have been that the river was still being used to change the landscape and people’s lives.  How Tony could have talked to him about the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam, how its physics were similar to that of the Hoover Dam, how the amount of hydroelectric power it produced compared to the Hoover Dam, and how it provided equitable water to both the upper basin for Colorado, Wyoming, and Utah and the lower for Nevada, Arizona, and California.  When the map lines blurred and a tear smudged the P on the lake’s label, Steve knew he wasn’t ready to go to the Grand Canyon yet.
Looking at the blue sky and the autumn leaves, feeling the warm air on his skin, Tony realized how badly he wanted to say yes.  “I’d actually really like that, Cap.”
Tony just leaned his cheek against Steve’s head, his tears making dark splotches in the blond hair.  He gently kissed Steve’s head, feeling his heart break for the other man.
“Bucky’s going to kill me,” Steve said with a shake of his head, “but I can’t just leave you here like this.  Want to come to my apartment and get cleaned up?”
Feeling a little light-headed again, Steve settled into the chair next to the hospital bed, facing out towards the door.  He couldn’t see the monitor anymore, but the beep continued, soothing with its regular intervals and pitch that only varied subtly, beat to beat.  The sound lulled Steve, and the room took on a surreal quality, softening around the edges.  It reminded Steve of being drunk, of the night after the Dodgers game when he’d turned 21.
Tony must have fallen asleep, because he woke to a dark room with a shape hunkered down in the chair beside the bed.  He clicked on the soft indirect lights and found Steve there.  Steve was leaned over in the chair, his head in his hands with his elbows on his knees.  When the light turned on, Steve looked up, and Tony was shocked to find that he looked terrible.  His face was pale with dark circles under his eyes.  His expression was neutral, but Tony could see an emotion in his eyes that he was hard pressed to describe as anything but terror.
Steve shook his head, stepping back inside to grab his vest with his badge on it and his belt, his two guns hanging from the sides.  The cold night air hit him like a slap in the face as he walked out the back door, and he wrapped his arms around himself, trying to hold onto the last vestiges of warmth he carried with him from his room.  By the time he stepped off the porch, Natasha had already disappeared back into her own cabin, presumably to warm up in the bed she shared with Bucky.  Following the faint strains, Steve realized it was a Christmas carol that Stark was singing — somewhat off key — at the top of his lungs.
For lack of a better alternative, Tony wraps a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and smashes their mouths together. It’s hard at first, their teeth clack against each other and Steve makes a startled sound against Tony’s lips. Only when he’s gotten past his initial surprise does he get with the programme, his mouth hot against Tony’s and his hands slipping up Tony’s back under his shirt. Tony hates to end it when he does, but it’s more important that he knows Steve understands that he’s ready for this, for the next step, whatever that may be. He pulls away to rest his forehead against Steve’s.
(regardless of how untrue), or something equally self-sacrificing and heroic, but Steve can’t—won’t—let it happen again.
“Why do you think I came looking for you?” Tony asks, looking slightly confused by the enthusiasm Steve isn’t trying to hide. “Wait,” Tony says, and Steve feels his breath arrest in his chest—he couldn’t possibly know, could he? Maybe JARVIS was back online and Tony was coming to find out why there were two Steve’s— “is that a grey hair?” Tony asks, fingers catching in the strands on the side of Steve’s head, and for a moment Steve is back in the bunker at Lehigh with Tony’s hands in his hair, his mouth hot and desperate, his body wrapped around Steve’s.
His sister stands when Tony walks in, her lithe form unfolding gracefully. He realises that she’s almost as tall as he is. Her features are much more striking than her brother’s; her straight brown hair is pulled back from her face, highlighting the sharp cut of her cheekbones. “Dr Stark,” she begins, “I—I wasn’t expecting you to come back.” She glances over at the bed and sadness softens her expression. “I thought you said the surgery was impossible?”
“Look, I stand by what I told Fury,” Tony admits. “The odds aren’t good. He might live for a while with the cysts, but if I do the surgery, and he dies…” he can feel the same choking anger rising in him again. “It’s Phil, you know? What do you think Fury’s going to do if I kill—what I think is—his only friend?”
“I had to see if you could straighten it,” amidst the lingering ache, Tony can feel Steve’s thumb running softly over the back of his hand. “I think it’s safe to guess that it’s at least fractured. We’ll get you down to x-ray and take a look, okay?” He moves as though to stand and Tony bears his weight down to keep him in place. Steve looks at him, confused.
“Steve! What the hell are you doing here?” Tony hisses, cube momentarily forgotten. “Pretty sure I don’t need your help with this. Unless you don’t actually trust me to get it done.” There’s an undercurrent of hurt there in his voice, and Steve knows he wouldn’t have even noticed it before, if things had been different, if he hadn’t spent every moment since Tony walked back into his life, cataloguing every inflection in his face and his voice, determined to never take him for granted and repeat the same mistakes he’d made before.
It takes over three hours, but they get the rebar out and the patient in stable condition. He’ll be under surveillance for a while to make sure he doesn’t begin haemorrhaging internally or infection doesn’t set in, but things are looking good.
The only response he receives is a puff of air against the back of his neck but that’s really all he needs. He twists himself around so that he’s facing Steve and only after he’s executed the rather difficult manoeuvre does he realise the problem with having only inches between their faces. Steve’s eyes blink open sleepily and Tony wonders if maybe he should just leave it till the morning. It’s the little smile that creeps onto his face that makes Tony’s mind up for him.
Steve has his eyes open, watching, waiting for Tony to make the first move. They’re sharing air now and Tony knows that if he were to shift an inch, or open his mouth to speak, their lips would touch.
Howard Stark’s great secret is out now, hanging in the air between them, and Tony lets out a long breath he didn’t even realise he was holding. “I’m telling you because my mom called earlier and she says he needs to be hospitalised. I don’t even know what’s wrong. I didn’t really ask for details. Sure, I have some pretty serious reservations about him coming here, but I’ll leave that to you…”
“You are, without a doubt, the most ridiculous man I’ve ever met.” He huffs a laugh and Tony can only gape indignantly when Steve lifts a hand in warning. “No, my turn,” he says.
“Can we just wait? For a bit?” He lets his body tip over sideways so that he’s lying on his side, his hand cradled in the curve of his body. Steve looks down at him for a moment, something inscrutable in his expression, before he stands and walks over to the door. Tony bites down on his disappointment, only to be pleasantly surprised when Steve merely turns the lock on the door before coming back to lie down beside him, stretching an arm out to rest over Tony’s waist.
She stirred when he sat up, rubbing at his eyes and shielding them from the light pouring in the northern windows, slanting from east to west across the floor.  Her hair floated around her head like a frizzy halo, and she had a crease in one cheek from a wrinkle in the pillow she’d shoved under her head.
She told him about her childhood, about being an orphan before she was selected to serve the Motherland.  When she spoke of her training in the Red Room, it was very detached and clinical, and Steve got the strong impression that she left a lot out.  She spoke of the deal she brokered with Peggy, with Clint as an intermediary, to defect from the KGB and join Shield.  She even told him of some of her time as Tony’s personal assistant, although Steve could tell she was protecting his privacy by not discussing a lot of what happened.
“What the fuck is wrong with you?” Bucky demanded, appearing behind him.  He hustled Steve back into the tenement building despite his protests.  “You’re going to catch your death out here all wet in just a towel, you fucking idiot.”
“You do this every year.  I’ve been here six years since —“  Steve trailed off, before resuming with, “And you were already living here when I came.  We’ve spent the night of December 15th together every year since I became sheriff.  I figured maybe this year we try something different.”
Tony’s breathing filled the room in the dark, and Steve tried to ignore it, acutely aware that the other man was struggling to fall asleep.  He wanted nothing more than to crawl into the hospital bed next to Tony and gather him into his chest.  Steve imagined it happening, the images overlaid with the memories of his birthday.  Steve could gently pull off Tony’s t-shirt, somehow untangling it from the IV and the wires from the pulse ox, EKG leads, and blood pressure cuff.  Steve’s arm would be warm against Tony’s side, his fingers resting on the smooth metal casing of the arc reactor, bare skin touching from shoulder to fingertips.  He could bury his nose into Tony’s hair, smelling the hot metal and coconut that always seemed to surround Tony.  Steve could finally relax that way — completely relax in a way he hadn’t in this century.  Even sick, Tony would watch over him, the way he had before.
version of Tony — was just too much.  Steve didn’t need to be reminded every day of how much he’d lost, and he certainly didn’t need the daily reminders of exactly how far the world had moved on without him.
Steve felt his heart drop.  “He’s getting cleaned up,” he answered slowly.  “Let me go get him for you.  You can wait in here,” he added as an afterthought, gesturing for the man to go in the kitchen.  He got a sharp nod in return before Steve moved past him into the hall.
Steve tried to have a good night for Bucky that night — he really did.  But seeing Howard Stark on the stage only made him ache for Tony, remembering the showmanship that he’d brought to his handyman business.  The flying car seemed like a publicity stunt after the beautiful blue light that had shown from Tony’s chest, and Steve would have done a lot more than try his hand at joining the Army one last time to get away from the memories that threatened to overwhelm him after watching Stark on stage.
Of course, in retrospect, it wasn’t particularly convincing, as both Tony and Nat had seen right through it.  But then again, neither was Tony’s.  They just all tacitly agreed not to call each other on their bullshit.
“I bet,” Natasha grinned back at him, not fooled at all.  “Go take a shower and come to the common living room.  Let someone take care of you for a change.”
“I tell you what,” Bucky said.  “You fix that radio, and I’ll take you down to the tailor’s.  I know for a fact that his overlock machine has been on the fritz.  I bet if you can fix that for him, he’ll make you a suit.  He keeps complaining how it’s been killing his business — he’d probably happily trade you one for the other.”
“That’s a long way for a bottle to travel, all the way from Ireland.”  Steve blinked for a moment as tears pricked at the corners of his eyes, suddenly placing the smell.  His ma and da had drunk Slane’s on special occasions, when they had still been able to afford such luxuries.  Before they had been forced to immigrate due to the great famine. Before the drink had taken his da, and consumption his ma.
Steve came back to himself on the floor in the doorway to Tony’s hospital room.  A face with a concerned expression hovered above him, and it took Steve a minute to realize it was Natasha.  Tony was still asleep on the hospital bed, and Steve blew out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.  Natasha helped him back to his feet.  Her eyes searched his for a moment, but she didn’t ask any questions, and Steve was grateful he didn’t have to lie to her when he would have answered.
“December, 1939,” Tony said, and he gulped, having trouble catching his breath for reasons completely unrelated to pneumonia.
After the funeral, Steve existed in the house but it would have been a stretch to say he lived.  He drew only in fits and starts and drifted from task to task without being able to settle on or finish any of them.  He didn’t submit anything to Timely or anywhere else for that matter.
Steve was taking a drink, and he sputtered at her question, spilling water all over himself and the mat.  He coughed, trying to get the water out of his lungs, before he was able to ask, “Why do you think Tony has anything to do with this?”
Tony looked up into Bucky’s gray eyes, seeing only gratitude there.  “He’s a special guy,” Tony said, the first thing that came to his mind.
Steve wished Tony had punched him because that would have hurt less.  His mouth moved, but Steve couldn’t force the air out.  “Brooklyn?” Steve finally managed to get past his vocal cords.  “When was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”
“When you’re Tony Stark, it means you have your own doctor on call 24/7 — and I don’t mean Bruce.  I mean the one Pepper makes him see when he’s actually sick.  It means they’ll give him some oxygen and IV antibiotics, which will treat his pneumonia.  Bruce said he usually stays one night, two at the most, and he’s back to his usual self within a week.  No breathing tubes or ventilators, no long term issues.  He’s just more susceptible because of the arc reactor.”  She finally released his arm, and he rubbed at it absently as he searched her eyes, looking for her level of concern.
Tony went back to his odd jobs and repairs, but he worried about leaving Steve alone for long periods of time.  Steve seemed a little more comfortable when he was home and followed Tony around in the apartment, as though he were afraid that Tony too would disappear if Steve wasn’t looking.  To be honest, Tony was a little worried about that too, given that he still didn’t really understand the point of Loki’s magic or what might reverse it.
“Like this one?” Tony pressed.  Steve felt the corners of his mouth lift a little.  Tony knew, at least when it came to him, where the soft spots were, even if he couldn’t always parse out why.
But Steve couldn’t force the words out.  Instead, he faltered, saying, “But I — I don’t think I can do this.”
Steve put his glass on the ledge of the balcony and pulled Tony close, burying his face in his neck where it met the shoulder.  “I’m not going to make promises I’m not sure I can keep,” he said, his face still buried, and Tony laughed when Steve’s breath brushed across his skin.
Tony had seen pictures of Bucky from the war — certainly not as many as Steve, but more than the other commandos.  The black and white photos didn’t do the other man justice.  His dark hair was a healthy appearing brown, especially when contrasted with Steve’s, and tousled from sleep.  His blue-gray eyes were sharp and intelligent with a hint of humor to them.  His mouth seemed fixed in a small smirk, one corner quirked up just so.  It made Tony think of a picture he’d seen of him in his Sargent’s uniform, with the cap tipped at a jaunty angle.
Tony waved away his concern.  “I’m fine.  The doctor usually makes me stay overnight — get some IV antibiotics in me, a little oxygen.  I’ll be back to driving you crazy tomorrow.”  The last statement was supposed to be a joke, but it fell flat as Tony caught the worry in Steve’s eyes as he took in the clear plastic bag containing Zosyn hanging above the IV pump and the tubing connecting Tony to the oxygen valve on the wall.
Steve looked at Tony, his heart dropping into his chest.  Tony gripped his arm, looking him in the eye.  “You’re not alone anymore.  We’ll get through this together too.”
.  The black and white didn’t convey the sallowness of his skin or the waxy texture, how thin his hair was or the broken and brittle nails on his hands, noticeable even with the charcoal dust from his drawing, or how pale his skin was that Tony could trace every vein from wrist to armpit.
“Look, I know you want to help the guy,” Bucky was saying, “but we’re barely making it as it is.  I know you’re hoping to get that commission tomorrow, but there’s no promises.”
“Life in the future with a superhero boyfriend who flies around in a suit he designed himself based around a piece of hardware that keeps him alive?  Me neither,” Tony answered.  “Of course, my version is a super soldier boyfriend who was born in 1918 that I inexplicably met in 1939 after I’d already met him in 2012.”
Steve felt his mouth open then close again, but no sound came out.  “Good,” Natasha said, the satisfaction clear in her voice.  She crowded into his space and grabbed his dog tags through his shirt, dragging him down to her height.  “Now you have a choice to make: you can keep trying to do this by yourself — pretend that it’s enough, to be alone in your apartment that Tony gave you.  That the Avengers are enough, even though we haven’t done a single thing all together since the Battle of New York.  Pretend that you’re happy eating alone, walking around the city alone, going to that cafe and drawing the tower alone.  But we both know it’s not enough.  I know that you haven’t bought a single thing on your own — nothing in your apartment is really yours.  Everything you own was bought by either Tony or Shield.  I know that you haven’t bought a single thing to draw with since you got back from your trip.  You’re going through the motions, Steven Grant Rogers, and you have a choice to make.  You can stop trying to do this by yourself — stop being
“All right,” Steve said.  “Let’s try to lure it back towards the water so that the NYPD can do evac of the rest of the park.  Hulk is the closest to its size — maybe he can help knock it down so we can subdue it more easily.”
From there, the mountains gave way to barren desert, and Steve turned first south to see some of the natural wonders of Utah: Arches and Canyonlands then west to Capitol Reef, Bryce Canyon, and Zion.  He found the silence of the desert soothing, and he took the time to draw some of the breathtaking views.  Steve felt Tony there; the reds and yellows echoed the Iron Man armor, and Steve kept seeing things out of the corner of his eye down in the canyons.  Whatever they were, they were always gone by the time he’d turned his head.
First, he went back to Brooklyn, to the Evergreens Cemetery.  He climbed the hill and knelt in the grass in front of his parents’ headstones.  The enamel Easter Rising pin was long gone, of course, but Steve was surprised to find that people had left tokens: small toy shields; stuffed versions of himself and the other Avengers; flowers in all shades of red, white, and blue; American flags in all shapes and sizes; small stubs of candles with melted tops and wicks had burned down to ash; drawings of himself and the others fighting the Chitauri.  Someone had even left calla lilies, the stark white petals contrasting where they rested against the granite.  Steve felt his eyes fill with tears as he bowed his head, overcome by the small gestures of gratitude.  Those people — they couldn’t have known when they left those tokens here that he was the original Steve Rogers, the first Captain America, the man whose parents were actually buried there.  They had no way of knowing that he would come to visit his parents’ graves and see what they’d left in thanks.
“He’s up to something,” Natasha agreed.  She took off towards Clint, while Steve doubled back towards the fountain.  He worked his way south towards the raised terrace with the intention to surprise Loki from behind while Tony was distracting him.  Tony’s part of the conversation came through the comms, and Steve knew they were in trouble — that the giant was just a distraction to some larger game — when Loki starting discussing family.
Steve felt the world tip on its axis for a moment, his head swimming.  Then it righted itself, and Steve was grateful that Bucky was still holding him up by his arm.  “What the hell do you mean, he’s gone?  He wasn’t even fit for a haircut, let alone able to get up and walk out.”
Shrugging, Steve looked around, and Tony narrowed his eyes in response.  “That’s your tactical assessment look,” he said suspiciously.  “You’re looking for threats and exits.”  Tony mimicked the gesture, but there was nothing to see.  There were a handful of people on either side, vacationing families, couples, and a few people who were alone, but no one who looked suspicious.  There was nothing else around them, nowhere for a sniper to hide or somewhere an assailant could surprise them unless they jumped out of a car.
The suit crashed to the ground, and Steve was next to it in an instant, rolling it onto its back rearranging the limbs to a more comfortable position.  “Tony?” he cried, fumbling at the face plate.  He couldn’t get it off, couldn’t figure out how to release it, and he didn’t have Hulk to help this time.
“Dr. Hudson said she started coughing up blood before she passed out.  She stopped breathing on her own, and she died at 10:48 last night,” Tony said slowly.  “He said she didn’t suffer at all and seemed very peaceful at the end.”
Steve shook his head.  He wanted to yell at Tony, to let out the sudden rage at all of this, the entire ridiculous situation.  Steve could see it play out: he would stand up and scream at Tony, tell him how he went back in time and
Bucky introduced Tony briefly to his parents, but all he took away from it was the impression of a short woman with curly brown hair and her son’s gray eyes and a tall muscular man with bright blue eyes and Bucky’s build, both of whom were friendly and tearful.  Tony stayed by the gravesite, waiting for Steve to come back, when Bucky told him he was going to ride home with his parents.
“A pansy like you can’t even follow through on defending his —“  The guy paused, glancing at Tony, “— pillow-biter.”
When the assemble call came, Steve hadn’t been out of the Tower for three weeks and two days, and he’d only started venturing out of his apartment six days ago to go to the gym and spar with Natasha.  Steve wasn’t surprised when she appeared in his apartment, and he reluctantly got into his uniform under her watchful eye.
Tony threw up his hands in exasperation.  “Who cares?  They’re Dodgers tickets!  Are you really not going because Bucky told me?” Which was — not even remotely true.  Tony knew because everyone knew Captain America was born on the Fourth of July, 1918.  He had a moment of panic at Steve’s expression that it had been — would be? — a publicity stunt for the bond shows until Bucky came in from changing out of his coveralls into pajamas.
“Why are you doing this?” Tony asked, his voice reverent and rough.  Behind Steve, the wood in the stove popped as a pocket of sap caught, lighting up Tony’s face in a small flare before it died back down again, still putting out slow and steady heat.
“Well, prison will do that,” Tony said.  He lifted his hands a little higher.  “If I blast you now, what’s the likelihood we can subdue your weird, poorly socialized cousin over there?”
“Then why’d you keep it?” Tony asked, glancing back at the radio.  He'd have thought it would have been worth something as parts if nothing else.  Steve just shook his head, his expression troubled, and went back to the other room.
Tony came around the couch and stood just off to the side, not quite in Steve’s line of sight.  “Did you ever turn that radio on again?” he found himself asking before he’d even consciously thought about it.
Steve arrived at the Tower on a warm summer afternoon four days after his birthday.  He stood just outside the lobby along the large bank of glass windows and looked up at the top of the tower, where the lone A was the only thing left from the letters that had spelled out Stark on the side of the building.  Even though it was almost two months later, the city was still in shambles, slowly being rebuilt.  Stark Tower was no exception, although Steve had been assured by Pepper that the residential areas at the top had been remodeled, even if the exterior of the building was still under construction.
— children, older couples, shop and cart owners.  Anyone they passed, Bucky greeted them by name and asked a uniquely personal question: how was your mother, did your wife have the baby yet, are you playing any good gigs in the next few days, did Charlotte finally lose that tooth that was bothering her, have you heard from your cousins in Austria recently?
They drove down the Las Vegas strip before Tony pulled into the circle drive of the Venetian.  Steve grabbed their bags while Tony tossed the keys to the valet.  Once in their suite, Tony shed his sunglasses and shoes, pouring himself a glass of the chilled San Pellegrino left out for them.  He offered one to Steve, who waved him away.  Steve walked out onto the balcony looking west out over the fountains in front of the Venetian, across the Boulevard towards the Mirage.
.  The paint colors seemed off, the noise of the city was wrong, even the air smelled differently.  The fabric of his clothing was too soft, and none of it fit correctly because none of it had been tailored.
It was a long night.  Now that he knew Steve was there, Tony had a hard time falling back asleep.  With the lights off, it was hard to see Steve in the dark, but Tony could hear every rustle and shift in the chair, every breath and sigh.  He even heard a hitched breath at one point that sounded suspiciously like a sob.  But Tony didn’t ask, and Steve didn’t offer an explanation.  It didn’t happen again.
Natasha shrugged.  “I’m simply making an observation.  Not a judgment.  And how long were you alone in this previous life you’re showing me?  You never knew your father because he died before you were born — don’t look at me like that, we just visited his grave, and I can do the math,” she said peevishly.  “You lived with your mother until you moved in with James—“
It made him sad to remember, the certainty in Tony’s voice when he’d insisted that Steve didn’t like him, the confidence that Steve could save the world.
The radio was playing music, and Tony could hear the strains as he quietly came in.  He left the food on the table and looked into the sitting room to find Steve had changed into a pair of pajama pants with only an undershirt.  He was curled up in the corner of the couch, facing away from the door leading into the kitchen with a basket at his feet with socks in it.  His head was bent over the things in his lap, and Tony could see the shine of his blond hair from the gas light that was dimly on in the room.  Tony stopped at the sight, feeling his eyes widening as he watched Steve work.
Enzo led Tony into the back of the shop where the sewing and overlock machines were.  Tony followed him, thinking about his Auntie Luc and how she never mentioned growing up with Bucky or Steve.  Of course, she probably couldn’t get a word in edgewise, with Howard bragging about Project Rebirth and his work with the Howling Commandos during the war.
“Me too.”  Steve sighed, leaning his head against Tony’s.  “This is both easier and harder than I expected.”
Steve felt his mouth open and close, unable to produce any sounds.  Finally, he managed to blurt out, “Do you have family in Iowa?”
Tony crash landed and tumbled into a brick wall.  He groaned and lay motionless for a moment, trying to catch his breath.  It took another moment for him to realize that the landing had been especially hard because the suit was gone.  He was dressed only in his long-sleeved undershirt, a pair of black athletic pants, and tennis shoes.  Tony pushed himself up and braced his arm on the brick wall, letting the dizziness pass.  His arms were covered in scrapes, and he brushed his palms off on his pants.
was a failure.  His goal had been to set aside his memories and start over.  Figure out some way to live without Bucky and Tony, without anything familiar.  He knew he didn’t have any choice — this is what his life was now, in this world that had left him behind.  But instead, he felt like he had only picked up more broken pieces along the way.  He was still trying to put them back together into a shape he at least recognized, but everything he knew, every way he knew how to put them back together — it was impossible, trying to form a picture that didn't exist any more.  Instead of leaving it behind — all of it, his fears, his memories, his life, his war, his friends, his ma — instead, it had followed him.  He continued to carry his broken pieces, and he didn’t know how to give them up.  Just like his ma’s medal, he had worried at the edges so much that he’d worn them down.  But they no longer fit together, and he was just left with the weight of them, dragging him under.
Steve watched Tony’s face as he answered, and he saw the hesitation there, the flash of realization as he caught up to the fact that this was going to end poorly.  “When you cut your intake.  You get hangry.”
One of the first times he could remember laughing — really laughing — in the future was at a story Natasha had told about Peggy outing and completely humiliating a particularly incompetent KGB agent at a fundraiser.
Bucky arrived sometime after midnight, his hat off-kilter and his tie loose, his jacket partially off one shoulder, the dress shirt buttoned incorrectly with the tails only half-tucked into his pants.  Steve could tell he was drunk by the slow, deliberate steps Bucky took, trying his best to be quiet and not wake Steve.
“I would never have just left,” Tony whispered back.  He reached around Steve’s neck and pulled at the beaded metal chain around his neck.  The dog tags slid out from under Steve’s t-shirt, and Tony held them in the palm of his hand.  The metal was warm from the heat of Steve’s body, and there, hanging next to the tag with Steve’s name, service number, a date, blood type, family contact, and religion, was the silver St. Monica medal.
But this — the failed joke — was a reminder that Tony was simply human, a comforting glimpse of the real person beneath, the person whom Steve had met and lived with in 1939.
His expression twisting, Tony turned away, facing towards the railroad tracks.  “Where’s your Christmas spirit, Sheriff?”  Steve didn’t miss that shift either, and he felt his own eyebrows climb at the contrast between Tony’s joyful singing — albeit forced joy, Steve had to admit — and his otherwise mournful demeanor.
Tony cleared his throat, and Steve paused, looking over his shoulder.  “Can you teach me how to darn socks?” Tony found himself asking.
Bucky followed him to Dotsero, where the Colorado River crossed the interstate.  He spent the afternoon there by the water, sketching out the scene with its rocky riverbanks, gray granite interrupted by the green trees.  He added Bucky to the middle of the shallow river, his pants rolled up to knees, arms crossed and expression proud, satisfaction in his eyes.
One of Tony’s eyebrows rose above the frame of his sunglasses, and he glanced away from the road for a long moment before turning back.  “You’ll be 28 tomorrow, doll,” he smirked, mimicking Steve’s Brooklyn accent.  “Of course your life is good.”
Things seemed a little easier after that.  He could tell that Tony was avoiding him — he stopped coming to dinner, and Steve suspected that Jarvis kept him appraised of Steve’s movements so that they didn’t accidentally bump into each other.  Steve still felt the ache of Tony’s absence, but it didn’t hurt as much with Natasha.
— that somehow Tony had known about all of this: his multiple attempts to join the war, Dr. Erskine and the super soldier serum, Howard Stark, the bond show, Schmidt and Zola and the war, but most importantly about Captain America.  Steve didn’t understand how Tony had known — Steve just knew he had.
Steve recognized this because he was putting on his own version of that show.  Instead of the bond salesman performance, Steve had the I’m Adjusting Just Fine show.
Bucky finished his, washing out the mug and putting it in the drying rack.  “All right, I’m off to bed.  We should probably leave around 11:30 to catch the streetcar to Flatbush if we want to make it before first pitch.”
He shoved his hands into his pockets and started walking away.  Natasha fell in next to him, slipping an arm through one of his elbows.  “I guess I expected a little more enthusiasm about that idea, even if it’s impossible.”
Steve looked away from her, shame-faced.  He opened his palm on the glass, feeling the cold smooth surface under his hand.
Steve immediately flushed, the redness creeping out from under the collar of his t-shirt onto the back of his neck.  “It’s called darning,” he said, and Tony could see the muscle twitching in his jaw, it was clenched so tightly.
Tony grabbed his wrist, but Steve still clung to Tony’s shoulder, terrified that if he let go, Tony would disappear again.  “It’s okay, Steve,” he heard Tony say from very far away, quiet compared to the alarms ringing over and over and over again, reverberating through his skull until Steve thought he would never hear silence again.  Tony let go of his wrist and looped the clear plastic tube back behind his ears, tucking the cannula into his nostrils.  Tony offered Steve the monitor, which read 83% beside the steady up and down of the blue line, still in time with his heartbeat, which was now up to 107, presumably from being shaken awake by a terrified super soldier.
“You signed up the same day I did, after they bombed Hawaii,” Bucky said, sticking his finger into Steve’s chest.  “I saw the 4F they stamped on your card.”  He turned to stalk down the hallway back towards the apartment.
Steve came further into the room as though magnetically pulled to Bucky.  “You’ve fought your way back from bein’ half dead from pneumonia more times than I can count, and you still finished high school with better grades than I did.  And you went to Auburndale for as long as you could, until you couldn’t afford it anymore,” Bucky continued.
Tony stared at the ceiling for a long time, struggling to relax in the strange, small bed in an unfamiliar place with someone sleeping nearby.  Steve’s breathing was heavy and not always even, with a faint wheeze that came and went at irregular intervals.  Tony certainly didn’t know either Steve well enough to know if he were asleep or not simply based on his breathing.  Finally, however, exhaustion from the fight with Loki, the shock of being in a new time, and the heightened awareness of nothing being easy overtook him.
“He knows that you’re struggling to settle in and that Shield treated you like you’d break if they threw you into the future too fast.” She shrugged, wiping off her face with a towel.  “He’s trying to make sure you have everything that you need to be happy here.”
Tony took his hand, feeling a complicated mix of reassurance, confusion, and wonder at this second chance.  Steve’s hand was thin and small, and Tony could feel the bones gently come together as he squeezed.  But Steve’s grip was firm and confident, if not strong.  “Tony Stark,” he answered, and his hand came away with a smudge of graphite from Steve’s.
Steve relished every hit on the Valkyrie, every punch he took from Schmidt.  The pain helped him to focus, penetrating the haze that Bucky’s death had left behind.  The lack of sleep had finally overwhelmed the serum, and Steve found himself alternating between feeling like he was back in Brooklyn getting the shit kicked out of him somewhere and moving through a fog where everything was indistinct and ultimately not very important.  It was only when the heavens opened up and Schmidt dissolved into the stars, when the Tesseract burnt through the floor of the Valkyrie and fell into the ocean that the world came back into focus and stayed there, instead of fading into gray.
Steve looked at his three sketches, of the three people he loved most in the world.  Under the light of the moon and the stars, he dug a small hole near the water’s edge.  He folded the three sheets of paper together into a small, tight square and placed it in the hole, covering it with the red dirt.  He built a small cairn out of rocks over it.  He sat for a long time next to it, looking out over the dark water flowing past, on its way to the Gulf of California.  He cried silently, the wet tracks on his face shining silver in the moonlight.  He cried for the things he’d lost — for his friends and family, for the loneliness that had enveloped him since he’d woken up, for the desolation of being a soldier without a war, a man without a purpose.
Moving impossibly fast, Steve grabbed the front of the guy’s jersey, scrunching up the 88, and lifted him up with one hand.  Steve slammed him against the brick wall of the store hard enough that the cross-stitch piece in the window shook, the frame falling over.  Steve shoved his face close to his, and his eyes widened in shock.  “I’m sorry — I must have misheard you,” Steve said in a low tone that Tony was intimately familiar with.  It was often the only warning someone got before Steve lost his temper.  Steve rarely yelled when he was angry — he got quieter and quieter before the truly epic explosion.
Steve rolled his eyes but didn’t argue further.  “It’s just as well,” he said.  “There was an ad in the Times looking for comic book artists.  I was going to put some panels together and try to submit them to Timely either this week or next.”
Tony helped him wash, knowing that Steve would regret it for the rest of his life if he showed up at the church dirty and disheveled.  He lathered up the soap and washed Steve’s hair, wishing he had shampoo and conditioner.  He tried to rub Steve’s back soothingly as he washed his torso.  Steve was like a small child, compliantly moving as directed but offering no help himself.  The smell of Steve’s sweat and grief faded, lost in the damp smell of the humid room and Ivory soap.
“What’s there to go back to?” he said.  “Ma still died in ’39, and Bucky still fell in ’45.  Peg clearly did well enough without me.”
About halfway through, Bucky returned, his hair wet and slicked back.  He went back into the bedroom and reappeared with a shave kit.  He grabbed the kettle and went into the bathroom, leaving the door open.  Tony could see him periodically glance up into the kitchen through the mirror as he washed his face with warm water then shaved with a straight razor.  Instead of hostility, however, Tony only saw curiosity in the reflection of Bucky’s eyes.
They finished up their late dinner, and Steve cleaned up the dishes, leaving them in a drying rack by the sink.
Tony came suddenly awake, the alarms in the helmet reverberating through his head in a way that made it very clear it had been going on for a long time.  He felt claustrophobic in the helmet in a way he never had, struggling to catch his breath like he’d taken a solid blow to the chest plate.
The first impression Tony had was of space — Steve was on the top floor, with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the upper bay.  The vaulted ceilings rose high above them, bare metal beams left over from the building’s industrial beginnings criss-crossing in a geometric pattern that Tony found soothing.  The room was dark with the lights off, long bands of light and dark alternating on the wooden floor from the windows and the brick supports between them.  Across the water, he could see the Statue of Liberty holding her torch high, and beyond her, the streetlights in Jersey City were starting to flicker on as the sun set, casting long shadows across the water.
Steve’s hand drifted to the dog tags, and he could feel the St. Monica medal through the soft fabric of his shirt.  He would wear Tony down, smooth out his rough edges.  Surely the Tony he’d met before and the one here now were the same person — Steve just didn’t know where they existed in relation to one another.  They had been friends before and could do so again, given enough time.  And even if he never became Steve’s Tony, the one from before, that didn’t mean they couldn’t still have a meaningful friendship now.  Steve recognized it didn’t have to be the same.
Steve snatched his hand away, and Tony saw tears in his eyes before he turned away, his expression angry.  “You can’t know that.  You’re full of shit.”
The four of them eventually established a comfortable evening routine that they stuck to most nights.  Natasha, Clint, and Steve would spar in the afternoons and, after cleaning up and changing into comfortable clothes, they would go to the common area and start prepping for dinner.  They took turns deciding the menu, and uncommon or sentimental dishes from their childhoods were encouraged.  Bruce would appear a little later unless it was his night, helping with the final meal prep and by setting the table.  They would eat together and usually do something afterwards, like play a game or watch a movie, before going to their individual apartments to wind down before bed.
