John nodded slowly, still staring out the window, though Sherlock had long since disappeared from view.
Sorry this is so much later than I'd initially said!  I ended up having to go on an impromptu trip to see some family, and when I got back, I decided to rewrite most of what I'd written for this chapter.
Sherlock paused for a moment as he tried to remember what he had come to the library to study in the first place.  He had to look down at his books in order to remind himself.  “Chemistry,” he said at last.  John was certainly going to think him slow when it kept taking him several seconds to respond.
John furrowed his brow and smiled a confused little smile. He reached out and covered Sherlock’s hand with his own, almost unthinkingly.  “You didn’t pressure me,” John told him earnestly.  “Don’t ever think that, okay?”
John didn’t seem to mind, just favoured him with a soft smile. “I didn’t want our first kiss to be in front of a crowd.  I thought it might put you off.”
It was passable. Certainly the best sexual encounter I’ve ever had, but don’t let that go to your head.
Sherlock went to the library every day for the next week.  He told himself that it was merely because he hadn’t finished his research for his paper on biochemistry.  It had nothing at all to do with a certain rugby captain that happened to be there every afternoon from two until five.
John rubbed a hand down Sherlock’s arm, trying to soothe them through any awkwardness they were feeling. “Right,” John said, “but what do you personally do?”
“Are you the quiet type, then?” John the repairman asked. His tone was teasing, and Sherlock again was struck by how little he knew about navigating such situations.
John frowned, confused at the sudden change in subject. “No, but they did say that most of your society is just casual mating to increase fitness. I imagine you two didn’t know your parents well.”
“Yeah, that’s it,” John said.  “Let me hear you.  Let me hear how much you’re enjoying this.”  Sherlock blushed more. “Come on, grind against me—yeah, like that.”
Sherlock turned to the one called Matty.  “You were with two different girls last night.  You didn’t have time to change clothes after you left the second one.  Had to get back to your actual girlfriend, I imagine.  She doesn’t know you’re cheating on her, and you have no intention of telling her, but if you keep walking around in a shirt that has smears of two different types of lipstick on it—neither of which belongs to your girlfriend, who prefers gloss for her lips judging by that smudge on your cheek—you’re bound to get caught.”  He turned to Bernard and smirked a bit.  “You have traces of lip gloss on your neck, the same kind of lip gloss that Matty’s girlfriend favours.  I’m sure even you lot can make the connection there.”  It was always good to show off his talents, and when it caused discomfort for guys like that, that was all the better.
It was unnerving to be the subject of that level of scrutiny, and Sherlock, as was his habit when dealing with new emotional states, lashed out. “Are you just going to look at me all night, or are you going to take advantage of the fact that you have a very willing sexual partner right in front of you?” he snapped.
[10:12AM] Remember when we met for the first time? I know now that you weren’t ashamed of me. I shouldn’t have said that you were. SH
Struggling with obvious disbelief, John was apparently rendered incapable of speaking for a few moments, simply staring at Sherlock, perplexed. “How is it that you can tell me that I’m studying medicine, that I have a sibling I don’t get on with, and that I work at a bakery, but you can’t tell that I’ve been flirting with you for ages?”  He let out a startled laugh. “You’re rubbish when it comes to this sort of thing, aren’t you?”
It was that bitterness that led to John distancing himself from Sherlock even more. After a certain point, John stopped inviting Sherlock out with him in general. He ate dinner in the musty “library” and left Sherlock to their own devices. He’d even put a sheet up on the wall that separated his room from Sherlock’s to prevent the alien from trying to check on him in the night.
Sherlock hummed noncommittally, barely processing what John was saying. He was too busy hunched over his laptop, trying to sort out the best possible arrangement for the business cards he was going to make for them.
John nodded back and seemed to mentally steel himself for the conversation. The radiance his face had been emanating just moments before had dimmed somewhat, becoming more serious. “You know, I wasn’t planning on talking about this while you were recovering from being drugged,” he said, clearly aiming for levity, but there was a stiffness in his words that belied his discomfort.
John grinned and, after removing his shoes as well, climbed on top of him on the bed. He placed his arms on either side of Sherlock’s head and straddled his hips. John’s hips pressed against Sherlock’s, and he groaned, his forehead dropping down against Sherlock’s. Christ, he hadn’t even realised how hard he was, and now here was the proof. Sherlock let out a gasp below him and bucked up, his own clothed erection rubbing against John’s. John kissed him again, keeping it light at first to attempt to keep at least some part of this chaste. He didn’t want to go too fast too soon and scare Sherlock off. Sherlock was having none of that, though, and he kissed back passionately, sloppily, as he ground his hips upward and whimpered into John’s mouth.
Sherlock was starting to regret not having a conversation about his feelings earlier. This would have all felt different, he was sure, if he had been certain of where he and John stood with one another. As it was, he was unable to call upon more pleasant memories of being groped or called “baby,” as John hadn’t really done either of those things with him yet.
John’s lease was set to end on his bedsit within the next week, and although neither of them had really said as much aloud, it was clear that John was going to be moving in permanently. Sherlock couldn’t believe his luck.
John smiled at him immediately from where he had set himself up in the kitchen. His eyes scanned up and down Sherlock’s body, and Sherlock felt himself heat all over. “Good morning,” John greeted.
John nodded, absentmindedly checking his temperature again. “Andrew Horne,” he said. “Denied it when he was first caught, but Lestrade found Rohypnol on him, and his phone records showed he’d called all of the victims shortly before they died.” John smoothed his hand across Sherlock’s forehead and into his curls briefly before pulling it away. “He had your number in his phone, too.” There was some lingering tension in John’s voice, as if he was still somehow worried that the man would harm Sherlock.
John took another step toward him, and while there was still quite a bit of space between them, Sherlock’s heart rate accelerated at having any distance between them removed. “Can I get your name?”
“If I earned points in this ridiculous game for the true artistic interpretation of these words, I would have absolutely no problem,” Sherlock muttered, tossing the pen to John.
“That’s not it at all,” Mycroft informed him calmly. “Our parents had an unconventional pair-bond. They’re monogamous. They lived together and raised us together, and they openly loved one another.”
“He was right about everyone else.” Wilkes’ girlfriend stood up and gathered her things. “Don’t bother calling me tonight.”
John frowned. “You don’t look so good,” he said, making to stand up, but Sherlock was in front of him immediately, pushing him by his uninjured shoulder back down into his chair.
Sherlock nodded, resting their head back down on John’s shoulder. “Perfect,” they said. “The address is 221B Baker Street. I’m sure you’ll love it. I think we both will.”
“I didn’t think you’d appreciate being slung over my shoulder,” the firefighter told him with an obvious smile. Sherlock recognised that voice, but when he tried to say as much, he only ended up coughing more. “Don’t try talking just yet. I’m John Watson, watch manager for this group of men. We talked on the radio about a week ago. You called me Captain.” Sherlock nodded to show that he remembered the man as they started moving toward the exit. “I’ve been tracking your progress on this case, you know. You’re brilliant. Really, quite impressive. I knew you’d be amazing after we talked, but I didn’t expect you to actually put everything together like this.”
John laughed, and he would have felt guilty about ruining Sherlock’s undoubtedly expensive pants had it not been for the fact that Sherlock was fighting back a smile even as he complained.)
“Sherlock got used to that family model,” Mycroft explained. “They’ve always been the sentimental sort. The romantic sort.” John was sure that he had misheard that bit. “They get attached. Most individuals back home bored Sherlock immediately, but they would grow attached to those they deemed interesting. The boring ones, they hardly paid any attention to, but the interesting ones, Sherlock would stick with. That sort of thing isn’t received well on our planet.”
Sherlock nodded, and when John didn’t immediately jump on them, they rolled their eyes and said, “I’m not feeling pressured or whatever it is you’re worried about. I want this.”
The next chapter will be up on Tuesday!  Thank you to everyone who's left kudos/comments.  Please feel free to continue doing that if you want!
After first spotting him that Monday afternoon, Sherlock had looked up the rugby team on their university’s website.  It had taken all of two minutes to find the name of the captain. John Watson.  What a boring name for a decidedly not boring man.
Sherlock merely hummed in reply, neither confirming nor denying that statement. He added two sugars to his mug, and John made note of that so that in the future he wouldn’t need to search through his texts to find Sherlock’s coffee preference. He imagined how impressed Sherlock would be on their second date when John got his coffee order perfect right away, and, wow, he couldn’t believe he was actually imagining a second date when he wasn’t even sure that this was their first. He really was in over his head here. He had never gotten this invested in someone he’d pulled, though he supposed he hadn’t really pulled Sherlock so much as accidentally meeting him and then refusing to let him be.
The alien seemed to understand that instruction, as they trotted along at John’s side the entire way back to the main house.
He pulled back after a few moments, barely able to do that now that Sherlock was apparently getting the hang of the act of kissing, and he pressed their foreheads together. “Christ, I could do that all night,” he murmured.
He lay there, panting, recovering, for several long moments afterward, feeling the lingering traces of that incandescent pleasure in his veins.
, I suggest you send them back home. They don’t belong here, and I think you know that as well as I do. Send them home, and we won’t have an issue.”
they cried, and John continued working them through it until they became shivery and over-sensitive.
Sherlock’s entire body froze, which had the effect of making John freeze as well. He suddenly remembered what he had felt the last time he’d drifted off to sleep. A slight pressure on his forehead. That same exact slight pressure he’d felt just then. John had been kissing his head. He forced himself to relax in the face of this earth-shattering revelation of very romantic contact he had apparently missed. “So sleeping in my bed isn’t allowed, but you’ll do that while I’m drugged?” Sherlock said, not unkindly, as he pulled his hands away from his face. He was starting to reconsider his ban on kissing John before brushing his teeth, because he very badly wanted more than just a forehead kiss now that he knew that John was comfortable with that.
Sherlock tore their eyes away from John’s cock with noticeable reluctance. “My mouth?” they repeated. That seemed to give them an idea, though, and they stuck their tongue out to lick carefully at the head.
John licked his lips—a nervous habit of his—and was silent for a moment. Eventually, he said, “I’m not looking for a one-time thing.” He made direct eye contact with Sherlock with all the bravery of a soldier.
“You didn’t try covering up your love-bites,” John noted, gesturing with his free hand over to Sherlock’s neck.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock felt himself start to get hard. While a bit embarrassing, especially given the fact that he was pressed up against John, he was actually rather proud that he’d managed to stave off his arousal for this long. He tilted his hips back a bit to disguise his situation, but John wordlessly pulled him forward again, his arm behind Sherlock’s back preventing any additional attempts to retreat. Sherlock’s cheeks began to heat as his erection pressed firmly against John’s hip.
Sherlock licked his lips. “You can do more than just kiss my forehead, you know.” He wasn’t sure where he had gotten the confidence to say that, but the words were out of his mouth, and he was hardly going to take them back, as that would have undoubtedly set back their relationship progress.
John did laugh, then, but how could he not? Sherlock sounded so incredibly petulant right then over something that was hardly a great concern. It was rather cute. “I’ll tell you what,” he said, “when we get to town, the first thing we’ll buy will be an umbrella for you to use. That way you can block the sun on the way back.”
Sherlock barely refrained from letting out a contented sigh. He grabbed the wrench out of John’s bag of tools, which was currently in his lap, and passed over the requested object.
when he met the love of his life, if such a thing existed, but there was no harm in making an idiotic dating mistake at his young age.) Still holding Stamford upright with one arm, John used his free hand to search around his pockets for his phone. Once he found it, he pulled it out and passed it over to the girl. “Here,” he said with a stilted smile. “Put your number in, and I’ll text you in the morning.”
“You’re already thinking that far ahead?” he asked, amazed that Sherlock really saw that much of a future with him, that Sherlock had been imagining this future for quite some time now. His basic training was still a few years off yet, after all, and they’d only just now agreed to date properly.
John chuckled and kissed his cheek before trailing his lips down Sherlock’s jaw. It was an annoyingly pleasant feeling, and Sherlock’s posture relaxed automatically. “Now, can we talk about this?” When Sherlock again said nothing, John sighed heavily. “Right, so you want me to move in with you, and you’re upset that I haven’t thought about it before.”
.  It was a terribly fanciful notion, and he dismissed it immediately, but the lingering hope refused to go away.
“Come on, then,” John said when he pulled back.  “Let’s get you down to Scotland Yard so you can show off your brilliance.”  He was smiling, soft and genuine and affectionate.
Sherlock’s cheeks heated a bit as he thought about what that might entail. John had always been good about spoiling him, and after going so long without providing himself with even basic necessities, being spoiled sounded like perhaps the best thing in the world.
John laughed and jogged to catch up with him. “Eager?” he teased, reaching out to take Sherlock’s hand.
“Keep your voice down,” Sherlock demanded despite the fact that Molly had been doing just that.  “It’s nothing. He and I are just friends.” Or were they even that much? Sherlock could never really tell with these things.  He hoped that he would be able to read some sort of clues from John during the party as to the nature of their relationship.
Sherlock frowned.  “You’re ruining the moment, John,” he muttered petulantly, not enjoying that John had located one of his major faults.
They had put on clothes that must have been stashed in one of the bedrooms. Slender black trousers that might have belonged to a very tall woman and a pale green button-up field shirt that appeared to be a size too small. They stood there, newly dressed and barefoot, staring at John intently. Then, they started to whistle.
Sherlock hummed dazedly and slowly rolled themselves over. Their cock was flagging and covered in ejaculate (greyer than human ejaculate, he noted distantly). Their eyes were partially closed, and their usually haughty demeanor was hazy around the edges now. “Let me help,” they murmured, and they shimmied down the bed a bit so that John was straddling their stomach. They wrapped one hand around John’s on his cock. Realistically, it wasn’t all that much help, but just having Sherlock’s hand touching him, even overtop his own hand, was enough to bring John that much closer to the edge.
God, the man was handsome. All military men were handsome, of course, especially when they were in uniform (and all of these men had been, likely to increase their appeal to any potential sexual partners—it was
Sherlock nodded distractedly in reply and tried to angle his hips to make John’s hand slip a little farther back.
“I, er…”  He paused.  He couldn’t exactly tell John his true reason for wandering around that night.
At that point, Sherlock came bounding back down the stairs and stood next to John, tugging on his arm, but John refused to budge, his curiosity piqued. “What have you heard?” he asked eagerly, smirking over at Sherlock.
The line went dead, and John put the phone back down. He simply stood there, collecting his thoughts, until the owner came over to usher him back into the main part of the shop. “Gracias,” John told the man before walking out.
John smiled softly at him.  “You’re doing that blinking thing again,” he told Sherlock.  “It’s adorable.”  He reached out to take Sherlock’s hand in his own.
God, and beyond just being unenthusiastic, it was also heartbreaking to see how little Sherlock thought of himself, that it was easier for him to believe that John was extending this invitation out of guilt than out of genuine interest in dating him.
Sherlock’s skin started to tinge green a bit, and John wondered what about this subject was making them lose their focus on keeping up their imitative skin tone. “I do have genitals, John,” they said, their tone almost irritable. “I’ve got all the…
, Sherlock thought to himself, and he dropped his eyes from the ceiling over to John, who had taken up residence on the part of the sofa unoccupied by Sherlock’s legs. “You still haven’t moved your things in,” he pointed out. He scooted up the sofa until his back was propped against the armrest. He grabbed his mug and held it between his hands, letting it warm him.
He must have missed the mark, though, because Molly eyed him suspiciously. “There is,” she said at last. “Why?  Were you thinking of going?”  Yes, there was definitely suspicion there.
—the other one had moved between his legs, the finger that had been in his mouth moments before now pressed suggestively close to his hole.
“Yes, but after that, you had a very long and very stressful journey back here, so you need to rest some more.”
While his boredom had previously hit him rather hard, his current state was quite different. Although there were no more cases, he still had a great deal to occupy his mind—namely, John Watson, whose surname he has learned from Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock had been unable to keep the man from his thoughts, muscular and handsome and soldierly as he was. And so
. Sherlock pretended to ignore her. She apparently thought better of trying to bring it up with him right then, as she remained silent. Sherlock was glad for that. Standing so close to the entrance of the building meant they ran the risk of being overheard by any rugby players who were in the immediate area.
John had gotten good at reading Sherlock through text, so he knew that Sherlock always took a particularly long time to respond at any suggestion of intimacy. John had just asked him out, after all, so the suggestion of intimacy was perhaps more evident than it had ever been before. Awkwardness on Sherlock’s part, it seemed to be, and John thought it was mostly adorable, though at that moment it was terrifying more than anything else.
One of the lower-ranked men stepped forward. “Yeah, we’re going to have to pass on that. Doesn’t matter what sort of private detective you are. You’re still going to need to wait outside the tape, and when the proper police arrive, maybe they’ll let you tag along with them.”
Sherlock was so thrilled about the recognition that he actually managed to forget all about John Watson for a few days.  It was well into the next week before he remembered the man at all, and that was only because he was being forced to go back to the library again after abstaining from it since he had seen John and Sarah together.
Sherlock couldn’t think of anything to say in response.  John was still holding his hand.  In public.  Where anyone could see.  It was still possible that John perceived their activities the previous night as being a mistake, though his deflection of blame off of Sherlock indicated that he thought they had both been at fault.
John grinned over at them. “Mycroft also talked to me about your parents,” he mentioned. “He seemed to think that you’d gotten grand ideas of romance because of them.” Sherlock looked a bit caught-out, and John smirked. “He hinted that you might have gone and gotten attached to me.”
“I see you’ve found the fruit,” John commented as he walked into the kitchen hours later. He looked around the room. “And the library, apparently.”
As with the night before, the reply came in seconds, indicating that John had had his mobile out and ready to respond.
[1:11AM] This is my life, Sherlock. My decision. I’m not obligated to change my life goals because of you. JW
The worst part was, though, that he would keep doing it. He would keep trying and keep trying to get accepted into their ranks, to be recognised by his peers. He had been denied that all his life, but, oh, how he wanted it.
Sherlock winced—a barely perceptible movement that John was half-sure he’d made up—but kept their face entirely devoid of emotion. “Yes, well, heartless machines don’t choose to be that way, so perhaps you should keep your judgment of my character to yourself.”
John’s mouth dropped open, and his eyes raked over Sherlock in a way that sent a thrill down his spine. “Gorgeous,” John breathed.
After a moment, John picked up one of the papers that had been scattered around on the floor. He scribbled something on it before passing it to Sherlock. His mobile number. John had honestly given Sherlock his number. “This way you don’t have to keep bugging your landlady when you want me to come over.”
“Enough of that,” John snapped, wrestling the blade away from the alien. “Is everyone in your species such a handful?” Even as he said it, though, he knew that he wouldn’t trade this for anything. Meeting them had been the best thing that had ever happened to him since returning from war. He let out a slightly disbelieving laugh, shaking his head. “This is an insane situation. I’m bickering with an alien who can’t even speak my language.”
In the end, he settled on wearing a pair of dark jeans (tight, because he did want to be at least a little bit provocative) and a charcoal button-up (also tight, with the buttons undone slightly more than usual). It wasn’t his flashiest outfit by far, but it would show off his body without giving him the appearance of trying too hard (hopefully).
“Wow, that’s so interesting,” he told her with feigned enthusiasm after a story that was very much not interesting in the slightest. “I didn’t know there were so many different types of birds you could keep as pets.” He imagined trying to have sex with non-stop chirping going on in the background. It wasn’t an ideal situation, but he would make it work if necessary.
Sherlock smiled back at him. “My clothes are expensive. Of course I’m going to take care of them. And I have a high level of overall personal grooming, so that’s more related to how I look than a habit of cleanliness. You put a bit of product in your hair and that’s it. Your nails are clean for a different reason than mine, then.”
. “Well, Sherlock told me all about how you’re a rugby star and that you’re going into the army.” She winked over at Sherlock. “We all know he likes that type.”
“Are you all right?” John asked, tone urgent but not carrying any of the aggression that had been in it moments before.
Sherlock frowned at that. “Did he now,” they murmured. “Well, I wasn’t expecting that, but no matter. I’ll take care of it.”
Sherlock’s lips quirked up of their own accord at the mention of the near-altercation that had represented John’s first time defending him, way back on their second date. “As I remember it, you didn’t actually punch him,” Sherlock corrected, “but, yes, I remember that. I seem to remember showing my gratitude for that later when we came back here for the first time.”
be the sort to go off and sulk when they didn’t get their way, wouldn’t they? John felt foolish for finding it so amusing.
at every stair, indicating the presence of a cane. It was John. John-with-a-limp sounded different than John-without-a-limp coming up the stairs, and Sherlock committed the new sound to memory.
John laughed. “Well, it was definitely unprofessional.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips again, chaste but lingering. When he pulled back, he said, “If that’s what it’s like working with you, though, I guess I can’t really refuse.”
[5:47AM] You could be saving the world by helping me, you know. You don’t need to go off and play soldier. SH
Sherlock unfolded themselves from the sink and dropped back onto the ground. Their arm was quirked out oddly to the side, elbow pointed at John, and he stared at it in confusion before realising the significance of the gesture. The last time they’d walked back to the main house together, John had been holding Sherlock’s arm, and Sherlock clearly thought that was some sort of social custom now. John considered correcting them but decided that he’d do it later. Right then, he placed his hand around Sherlock’s arm and led them back to the house.
Sherlock stared at John, but there was no indication he was lying. He let out a groan and brought his hands up to his face. “Please tell me you’re attempting to make a joke.”
Sherlock spent nearly an hour agonising over his appearance. He couldn’t change clothes, obviously, as John had already seen him once that day.  Changing his clothes would make it look like he was trying far too hard. Which he was, of course, but he couldn’t let John know that.
John pulled back and smirked down at him, clearly enjoying Sherlock’s petulance. John kissed his lips once more before moving down his torso, pausing briefly to tease Sherlock’s nipples with his tongue. Sherlock let out a number of breathless noises that might have been embarrassing if he’d cared enough to be embarrassed at that moment.
Sherlock, still not looking up from his new project, gave a hum-hiss that John would by no means be capable of replicating.
Sherlock opened their mouth, no doubt to make a sardonic comment about how they had, in fact, already seen flowers before, but the words never came out. John smirked, noting the exact moment that Sherlock laid eyes on first one fuzzy little bee, then another, then another, before it became clear that the flowers were alive with the tiny creatures.
In the end, the two of them lost, likely because all of their responses were meant to target one another. It hardly mattered. Everyone else was beginning to look a bit uncomfortable with the level of personal information that was being revealed about their relationship. Sherlock didn’t care. He was simply ecstatic that they were allowed to talk about this at all.
“How much?” he asked, prepared to pay any amount. Granted, he didn’t exactly know what amount was considered ‘normal’ to pay a repairman for three hours of work on most of the kitchen appliances, so John could have named literally any price without Sherlock picking up on the validity of it.
Sherlock nodded and offered a shy smile.  John’s expression brightened even more, if that were possible.
“Yeah.”  But John didn’t move right away.  Instead, he merely stood there, looking at Sherlock for a moment before he seemed able to tear himself away.  Sherlock allowed himself to feel flattered.  “I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?” John said, starting to back away.
John pulled away right then, and Sherlock panicked for a moment, thinking he had said all of that aloud, but John was smiling and didn’t seem put off. “I have to go brief that detective inspector about all of this,” John explained. “Don’t go anywhere, and keep that mask on until you feel like you can talk without coughing or wheezing.” He winked before walking away, and Sherlock collapsed back onto the stretcher and flung an arm over his eyes despairingly. He was so, totally helpless, and John was so, totally hot.
He could hear the researchers waking up in the rooms below him. The floors and walls were thin enough that he could even make out the sound of their suitcases zipping up. By lunchtime, there would have been absolutely no traces of them left in the place.
John felt something uncomfortable settle in his stomach. “Some people happen to enjoy a bit of sentiment.”
was an appealing idea.  Walking around with John’s mark still visible on his skin. A love-bite, far too high up to hide under the collar of his shirt.  He wondered if John had planned that.  Sherlock moaned at the thought.  He would look
John laughed, a high, pleased giggle, and Sherlock positively melted underneath him. John leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s nose. “Well, we’ll just have to move things along, then.” He stripped his jacket off, leaving only his vest covering his chest.
Sherlock did his best to care for John’s injuries, but evidently his version of concern was incredibly constricting. John snapped at him more than once for bringing him breakfast in bed, because apparently it was insulting when Sherlock only did such a thing because he thought John incapable of getting out to the kitchen on his own. That sort of behaviour only lasted for a short while, though, because John’s recovery was remarkably quick. Before long, his shoulder healed to the point that it only gave him a dull ache every so often, and once that was no longer a main source of pain, the limp almost immediately vanished as well.
“Let me in there and I can confirm whether or not the body found in there was victim to the same murderer that struck three days ago on the other side of town,” Sherlock argued. “I’m a consulting detective. I work on my own. You wouldn’t be liable if anything happened to me in there. Just let me do my work.”
On the weekend, he repeated what he had done before and merely worked through as many cases as he could get access to without being invited by the police. A few of the tips he called in were actually taken seriously, and he was asked to come in and give a statement. No one commented on his age when he went down to Scotland Yard, and one of the DI’s actually took down Sherlock’s number in case his assistance was needed on another tricky case. It was far more gratifying to be recognised than he had expected, and Sherlock even went so far as to give the man a parting smile on his way out of the building.
He went out the next day on his own. Everyone else had left El Panadero, so now he had the freedom to do things a bit outside of his normal duties. He took his machete as well as his gun—a token from his army days that was useful, if not strictly legal.
Sherlock beamed back at him and kissed him again, and it warmed John’s heart to see how free he was being with his emotions. Sherlock didn’t seem the sort to open up easily, but he’d apparently decided that John was worthy of seeing him without all of those layered, indifferent masks he usually wore.
This time there was a slightly longer delay, and Sherlock knew that Molly was embarrassed about her reason, whatever it was.
John’s relief was profound. He nearly jumped up and down in his excitement, but then again, he was a grown man, and he doubted that he’d ever be able to live that down. He’d already been open about his feelings once that day, and he certainly wasn’t going to do it twice in the span of ten minutes.
John grimaced. Christ, he’d really messed this up. He couldn’t believe that he’d ever been idiotic enough to believe Sherlock to be unattached. This argument had obviously affected them far more deeply than John could have anticipated. While he still didn’t want to seem too eager, he knew that he owed it to Sherlock now to express his feelings in some way. If Sherlock rejected him afterwards, well, John certainly would deserve that. He took a deep breath and steeled himself. “Would you still want to go to London with me?”
that was smothered against John’s lips. There was only a second or two of just that, of just lips pressed together, of something chaste, and then John was licking into his mouth in the most obscene way. Sherlock groaned, his arms coming up to wrap tightly around John’s neck. He stepped forward so that they were pressed against one another. One of John’s hands rested on the side of his neck, and the other snaked around his waist to keep him close, and, oh, Sherlock was in trouble. Although he didn’t have much experience kissing someone like this—full of heat and desire and promise—he did his best to keep up, to show John that he was entirely comfortable with the trajectory of the evening, and it seemed that John was picking up on his non-verbal communication.
He looked around at his half-tidy flat. John probably wouldn’t care about the state of it. He’d be there only to sleep, and in spite of the flirtiness of their emails, it was likely that John would seek sexual satisfaction elsewhere. After all, they weren’t exclusive. They weren’t
John shrugged, and his silence confirmed Sherlock’s suspicions. There had likely been some sort of petty crime, and John, trained soldier and healer, had stepped in to de-escalate the situation.
[4:44PM] Mm, and I’ll bet that three-minute delay was brought on by the fact that you were picturing it and got a little turned on yourself. JW
John shook his head but couldn’t help smiling as he did so. “You’re ridiculous,” he told them. “And I certainly hope that’s not poisonous to you, or you’re in deep trouble. I may be a doctor, but dealing with extraterrestrial species might be a little too much for even me to handle.”
One more chapter left!  It'll be paragraph-based and will be about John's homecoming.  That one might take a little longer for me to write, but I hope it'll be worth it for everyone that wanted a wrap-up!
So they made their way to town like that, in relative silence, looking to any onlookers like two human tourists. And, yes, with how pale Sherlock was, there was no mistaking them for anything other than a tourist. John thought that maybe he should have insisted on sunscreen before this little excursion, but then again, he couldn’t be sure that Sherlock’s skin would even burn.
“Wrong place, wrong time,” John replied simply as he stepped back into the shower and grabbed a tool out of his kit that sat perched on the counter.
Mrs. Hudson leaned closer to him and lowered her voice conspiratorially. “Between you and me,” she murmured to John, “I’ve never seen him so love struck before.”
John was the first to get up, only having to pull his pants and jeans back into place to be finished dressing. Sherlock, on the other hand, rolled around on the bed for nearly fifteen minutes, claiming to be incapable of getting up. John couldn’t help but smile fondly at him. And when Sherlock finally did get up, he complained the entire time.
John remained standing over the suspect, although he glanced back in Sherlock’s direction, his expression softening a bit. He reached one hand out and said, “Come here.”
The air in the room felt too cold on his heated skin, and he wrapped his arms around himself, partly to ward off the chill and partly to take back some of the modesty he’d just discarded. It had seemed like a good idea at the time to just rid himself of all clothing, but he was now feeling a resurgence of self-consciousness.
“Lestrade?” Sherlock mumbled. He was dimly aware of the fact that John’s arm was wrapped around him, which was good, as he wasn’t sure how well he would be able to stand up otherwise. He had thought he’d been hit hard by the drug when he’d first felt it, but now it was infinitely more intense.
John realised that the book must have been some sort of unimaginative romance novel. “No. A lot of them are, but a lot of them aren’t.”
and the parting of Sherlock’s lips in return. With tongue involved, Sherlock was a bit of a sloppy kisser, so John did his best to slowly lead them through it. It was a bit surprising that they appeared to be so inexperienced. John had assumed that, with all the sleeping around Sherlock’s species did, Sherlock had done this plenty of times, but kissing might not have featured strongly in their sexual encounters. Granted, this didn’t necessarily need to turn into a
John jumped, not used to seeing another person in his room, and fought the ridiculous urge to cover himself up. He was glad he didn’t sleep totally naked. “Christ,” he said, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “This is generally considered to be a bit not good.” The noise of the howlers in the background died down. John pointed toward the door. “Go occupy yourself with something else for a few more hours. I’m going back to sleep.”
The final chapter will be up within the next few days (it's written and essentially just needs to be read through again, so I won't keep you all hanging with my inaccurate self-imposed deadlines).
John smiled up at him, as if surprised that Sherlock would consider him an asset. His expression turned to a smirk as he looked back over at Donovan and Lestrade. “I also happen to be dating him, so he might be a little biased,” John said, wrapping one arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him close.
John shook his head. “I’m going to clear away some of that debris that’s blocking the end of this trail.” He patted the machete on his hip. Sarah looked torn, so he added, “Go enjoy your last half hour with the monkeys. I’ll see you off in an hour.”
The alien scurried off into one of the rooms, and John let them go, figuring that they would want to explore the place before settling down. Later, though, he would have to double-check all the rooms to make sure they weren’t laying eggs in a bed or something. He’d surely lose this job if alien larvae started hatching while the researchers were attempting to conduct their work.
John wasn’t sure if he had ever before been giddy about his future, but there was no doubt that giddiness was precisely what he felt when he thought about all that lay ahead of the two of them. And this was only just the beginning.
A monkey howled in the tree directly above him, and John briefly glanced up at it, only to whip out his gun when he saw a man apparently trying to climb up to tree to get to the howler. The intruder had painted his skin blue and purple and green and had attached what appeared to be antennae to his head. He also seemed to be naked, though with the way his legs were wrapped around the tree trunk, it was difficult to tell.
It was foolish to indulge in unlikely possibilities, though, when there was nothing to support them.  Then again, John
Lestrade had the decency to look a bit embarrassed, and Sherlock only offered him a tight-lipped smile to indicate that he didn’t take offense.
John’s thumb was moving from side to side on his back, and Sherlock suddenly wished that he hadn’t worn his coat so that he could feel it more intensely. He cleared his throat. “Right,” he said. “Of course.”
John, knowing that Sherlock’s curiosity might eventually overcome their unwillingness to disturb the bees, said, “Touching them might scare them, and then they’ll sting you.”
“Yes, of course I did. I thought they should know that there was some bloody stalker out to get them,” John said, taking pleasure in sassing this infuriating man.
Sherlock continued to stare. He was beginning to feel hot all over, which was a marginally pleasant change from feeling guilty all over.
Sherlock looked over at him then, frowning. “Dinner?” they repeated, and John knew that it wasn’t because they were unfamiliar with the concept of the meal. No, it seemed as if Sherlock was genuinely disbelieving of the invitation. They seemed so unsure of their welcome in that moment that John’s heart constricted a bit for them.
John was right. This was going to be a proper business, and they had a proper relationship and a proper home, and they were really, properly happy. It was all of the things Sherlock had never really dared to imagine for himself, and it was all happening. He felt like it was too good to be true sometimes, but that was all right, because when he looked over at John, he could tell that John was thinking the same thing. They had carved out a space for themselves in that too-good-to-be-true future, and they were settling in there for good.
, he told himself, though it sounded rather like his brother’s voice.  That still didn’t stop him from rereading that brief conversation twelve times before he finally settled in for the night.
John’s cheeks were flushed, and there was a faint sheen of sweat on his brow like he had been running.  That didn’t make sense, though, as he had obviously just come from class. Given that it was noon and most classes didn’t end until twelve-thirty, Sherlock thought it was likely that John had merely left in the middle of class to get there. He wasn’t sure why John would do such a thing.
,” Mrs. Hudson said when she brought a plate of food up for him one afternoon. She was using that reprimanding tone that she so often took with him.
“I’m glad she didn’t,” John said, shaking his head. “Otherwise you wouldn’t have peach cobbler for dessert tonight.”
you could let me take you to bed right now.” John’s lips grazed against Sherlock’s own, a teasing facsimile of a kiss. God, the man knew how to manipulate him. It wasn’t in a cruel way—no, in their brief time together, John had never been cruel. Instead, it seemed that he knew precisely how to get Sherlock’s mind to shut down, to focus solely on their physical attraction to one another.
He decided that Bird Girl was the absolute worst, not that he hadn’t already suspected as much beforehand. He put his phone down, expecting it to just remain silent from that point forward, but instead, it pinged again after only a few seconds.
“You have questions,” Sherlock said as soon as they’d settled down onto the sofa in the sparse living area.
Sherlock shot John a look for that comment and moved so that they were lying on their stomach, clearly trying to get a better look at John’s cock. It might have been hot if not for the pure (or, moderately pure) scientific interest that was written out on Sherlock’s features. Hell, who was he kidding? It was hot anyway.
Without lifting his head up, John could feel Mike wince across from him. “Christ, that’s bad,” he said, clearly feeling sorry for Sherlock.
John didn’t receive a response to that, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t stop smiling. Sherlock had agreed to go out with him properly with the implication of wanting to continue dating in the future. Granted, it was a group date, but this way he would be able to calm any concerns Sherlock had about people seeing the two of them together.
He hoped that was good enough. He’d never been good at talking about emotions, but at least now Sherlock hopefully could deduce the real reason John was trying to escape his teammates’ notice before.
“Stay down,” John growled, and when the man on the floor made the mistake of moving, John kicked him in the abdomen hard enough to make him curl in on himself and wheeze.
His streak of deductions finally over, Sherlock suddenly became aware of the fact that John had moved right up to his side. He was glad he’d been too wrapped up to notice that earlier, or he never would have been able to focus long enough to get his observations out.
Sherlock’s head snapped up at that, his expression immediately sobering.  He had missed something?  Impossible.  Sherlock didn’t miss things, except maybe when he was competing against Mycroft.  Still, he was fairly certain of every one of his deductions.
Sherlock flagged down a cab, and that seemed to be the end. John held onto his hand until Sherlock approached the car. He had been prepared to just walk to the nearest tube station, but Sherlock had turned to face him right then.
John looked around. It was eclectic and sort of a mess, but he thought that this was probably what the inside of Sherlock’s mind looked like. Thinking about it like that made the whole thing seem really appealing rather than off-putting. “Don’t worry about that. If you saw my flat, you’d see that it’s much worse.”
Sherlock blushed and looked away.  He took a sip of coffee, comforting himself with the knowledge that he at least wouldn’t embarrass himself doing that.
Sherlock had met many confident men in his time, but John Watson was the first man he’d met who deserved to be that way.
Sherlock did like the joint ownership of the room that John seemed to imply, but he knew it was just an attempt to soothe him. John had never referred to it as such before. “Leave it to you to only use the proper fireman’s carry when you’re off-duty,” he muttered, crossing his arms where they were pressed up against John’s back.
“Christ,” John breathed, and Sherlock forced himself once more to meet John’s gaze. Only, this time, John wasn’t looking at his face. His eyes instead moved down Sherlock’s body, his skin flushing in their wake as if the stare was a physical touch.
Everything seemed to be growing increasingly loud and confusing, and although Sherlock had never been horrifically drunk before, he imagined that this was what it felt like.
John squeezed his hand and leaned over to kiss his cheek. “I’d be perfectly happy to never go to a night out again. We can just stay in and have sex instead, and while they’re all out together, they’ll know what we’re doing, and it’ll have the same effect as what we did tonight.”
John’s face did a complicated thing right then, settling into an uncomfortable grimace. “You’re really going to make me actually talk about these things, aren’t you?”
“Of course.  He asked me to meet him during one of his breaks, and I did, so I know he was definitely working when I woke up this morning.”
John smirked at him. “Sherlock, love, I can assure you that there’s always a small part of my brain that’s thinking about having sex with you.”
Murray and Lestrade gave him sympathetic looks that he ignored. Neither of them commented on John’s being out with a man, as John’s bisexuality wasn’t exactly a secret. “Why would he do that?” Murray asked.
Sherlock, at the mention of that, mimicked what he’d done all those weeks ago and simply didn’t respond.
John placed another hand on Sherlock’s waist and pressed himself upward until their lips touched. He moved slowly so as not to spook Sherlock, but apparently that was entirely unnecessary on his part. As soon as the kiss began, Sherlock crouched down so that John didn’t need to stand on his toes and returned the pressure with a shocking amount of enthusiasm. John hummed at this development before licking at the seam between Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock let out a little gasp and took another half-step forward until they were entirely pressed together. He wrapped his arms around John’s neck and parted his lips to mimic John’s movements. God, it was incredible. John held onto him tighter, as if worried he might slip away, and Sherlock practically melted in his arms.
John fucked him through it, and even after he’d started to whimper from delicious over-stimulation, John pounded into him until his rhythm finally stuttered and he stilled. Sherlock groaned at the feeling of John coming inside of him and was distantly grateful that John hadn’t insisted on using a condom.
he hated waiting.  Walks, after all, merely forced him to wait quite a long time before reaching his destination.
John was quite charmed by those simple desires. “Bees are common where I’m from,” John told them, “and there’s plenty of dogs back there, too.”
The man—John, as Sherlock later learned—had looked up to find him staring, and rather than seeming put off, he smirked and raised his glass, as if to share in a private, long-distance toast with Sherlock. Sherlock, lacking a drink, had raised his phone in a lame reciprocation of the gesture.
Sherlock tried to tell John to shut up, but it came out as a pathetic wheeze instead. He settled for glaring at the man as he was set down gently on a stretcher beside an ambulance. John went about getting him an oxygen tank and setting the mask over his nose and mouth. Only then did he lift up the visor on his helmet. Without that reflective, tinted bit of plastic in his way, Sherlock could finally see John’s face, could finally take in all of him.  He sat up, a bit shocked by what he saw.
Mrs. Hudson smiled, clearly knowing that she had won their little argument. “Do be nice to him.” She retreated back into her own flat—which was undoubtedly free of strangers—and Sherlock glared at her door.
It was far too soon when they arrived back at Sherlock’s room. He turned around, back to the door, and made no move to go inside, reluctant as he was for the night to end.
John was on his way back from the village, where he’d purchased a bottle of beer for lack of anything better, when he started to feel guilty. He supposed he couldn’t really blame Sherlock for being a member of an unfeeling species. Beyond that, Sherlock was hardly unfeeling. John recalled the way Sherlock had looked at the howlers the day prior. All that awe and wide-eyed fascination. Beyond that, what sociopath left an entire planet for the sake of seeing dogs and bees?
Sherlock should have pressed the issue, but relaxing sounded rather nice at the moment.  The drinks he’d had left him drowsy, especially in the aftermath of his orgasm. He dropped his eyes down to where John was stroking himself.  It only took another minute or two before John was coming, a bit of it hitting Sherlock in the chin.  He sleepily scooped it up with a finger and brought it to his mouth to taste.  He was too tired—and likely still too drunk—to properly process the taste, though, which was unfortunate.
[10:23AM] I shouldn’t have argued with you. I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. You never did anything wrong. SH
John shook his head, grimacing at hearing his own voice speaking back to him. That was bound to get creepy. “No, no, it’s fine. Just surprising, like I said.” Then, after a brief pause, he asked, “How did you know my name is John?”
John kissed him again, and this time it was a bit sweeter than before. John was gentle, his hands simply stroking Sherlock’s skin, as if trying to soothe him, and Sherlock let himself be soothed, eyes falling shut and arms coming up to wrap around John’s waist. He let out a gasp at the feeling of John’s thick and sturdy trousers brushing up against his exposed cock. John smiled against his lips at that and nudged Sherlock back onto the bed. Sherlock went easily enough and propped himself up on his elbows so that he could look at John.
It seemed that John had been waiting for permission, because as soon as Sherlock spoke, that finger was pressing more insistently at him. John’s movement on his cock slowed, for which Sherlock was grateful, because he didn’t think he’d be able to handle receiving a vigorous blowjob and the way John’s fingertip slipped into him at the same time. He had used his own fingers before, of course, but it was so different with someone else. John’s digits were thicker and shorter than his own, making the whole thing entirely new.
John frowned. “No one really knows. I mean, we’ve got tons of plants and animals that we haven’t even discovered yet. Suffice to say, it’s a lot.”
Everyone seemed interested at that point, most other conversations dying down, and Sherlock seemed to be a bit less tense at that point, perhaps because he really was confident in his abilities.
When Sherlock replied back right away, John felt his stomach flutter. They were getting back into their old rhythm.
When he finally managed to stand back up, his entire body aching from being thrown onto a piece of furniture, he took in the mess that had taken up residence in the sitting room.
There was a scuffle from inside 221B. Someone was in there. A client, perhaps? Mrs. Hudson was home, so it was likely that she had merely let up anyone claiming to have a case for him. That was—yes, that was exactly what he needed. If not cocaine, a case would surely help him keep his mind off of his emotional state.
Sherlock nodded. “But there aren’t any bees here. I was hoping there’d be bees. And dogs. I’ve read extensively about bees and dogs.”
“What are you doing out here all by yourself?” John asked, smiling at him.  Sherlock simply adored that smile.
“At least one kiss per case,” John made him promise later when they were both settled into their respective armchairs at Baker Street.
John wasn’t sure what they were trying to get at, and he continued to feel slightly uneasy with this development. Still, he supposed there might have been some cultural differences between them, so for the moment, he decided to let it go. “What can I call you, then? Do you have a name?”
“No,” Sherlock said, resisting the urge to fidget.  “But that doesn’t mean that he won’t say something later. He wanted to go to dinner with me tonight, so he might bring it up then.”  He bit his lip.  “What if John says that it was just a mistake?”
“I know you’ve watched me play rugby before,” John said, testing out his theory that Sherlock had indeed been the slender, pretty man who John had spotted looking over at the pitch during some of their matches.
Sherlock blinked for a long moment before looking up at John. “You’d do that?” he asked, as if surprised that John would even consider putting in that minimal effort in order to keep them connected during his military career.
Before he could even register what was happening, he was being hauled into the air and tossed over John’s shoulder. Sherlock squirmed and sputtered at the abrupt action, very much not liking being lifted when he was trying to brood.
“You’re heading out?” John asked, putting his pen down.  All of his attention was on Sherlock.  It was intoxicating.
Sherlock barely refrained from sighing wistfully.  “Well, you’d better get back before he vomits in something else.”
John’s lips moved away from his own, across his jawline, onto his neck. At first, it was nothing but a bit of kissing, which, while nice, was nothing special. Just wet lips against his skin. And then, oh, John started to nip at his neck.  He drew the skin between his teeth and sucked.  Sherlock gasped again, hands grabbing at John’s shoulders to keep himself steady. The sharp bite was painful in a delicious way.  John would leave a mark if he kept that up.  Now
“Not impossible,” Molly countered.  “Trust me, this is definitely a date.  Did he flirt with you at all when you saw him?”
I meant to ask, what was so important that you wouldn’t take cases last week?  I popped by your flat on Wednesday, and your landlady said you had company over.  Anything you’d like to share?
John laughed again. He could practically hear the dry delivery of that statement, and he decided that he rather liked SH.
Sherlock nearly stumbled in his haste to get out of his chair, his entire body breaking out in sickly chills at the feeling of someone else’s hand on him like that. He managed to make the movement look coordinated enough, he hoped, and he topped it off by leaning close to the man and whispering, “I’ll just get us another round, and we can get this night started.”
Really, John, how many people do you know these days that have butlers? And there was no maid in this case. Also, secret twins are never involved. Ever.
John seemed torn between amusement and arousal as he took in what Sherlock had been grabbing. “You’re just perfect, aren’t you?” he murmured before leaning down to kiss Sherlock again. This time, the kiss was a bit sloppy and incredibly hot.
“You hooked up with someone last night?” Wilkes’ girlfriend asked, voice low. “I knew it. I knew that thing about needing to study was bullshit.”
Three days later, Sherlock had managed to get himself out of the flat. After ages without a case, Lestrade had finally phoned him. Of course, as it turned out, the case was painfully simple, and Lestrade was only able to keep him occupied for the duration of the morning. As he re-entered 221, feeling that crushing boredom beginning to take hold once more, Mrs. Hudson popped her head out of 221A.
Sherlock heaved a put-upon sigh.  “It was blatantly obvious from the article I read in the paper.  Jack Downing was incredibly superstitious, and he couldn’t swim.  If his death were accidental, his brother would inherit the family home.  Surely even you can put that together.”
, you were sleep-talking, weren’t you? I thought you were just resting your eyes, and you sounded coherent, and
In the end, he may have dropped his efforts a bit too dramatically, because he was ultimately three hours late to pick John up from the airport. He had gotten wrapped up in the case he was working—for the proper authorities this time and not just a private client—and it was only after he solved it and checked his email that he realised what day it was.
Sherlock’s response, when it came, was less enthusiastic than John might have hoped, but he was still so pleased at the fact that they were actually talking to one another that he hardly cared.
Sherlock grimaced. It was a talent, a skill, not a trick. “I hardly have time right now.” It was a lie, of course, but he couldn’t be bothered to put up with Seb at the moment. Before the man could get a reply out, Sherlock made his way behind a tall shelf, putting the front desk out of sight.
And that, of course, called to mind the image of Sherlock with those parts “waving around.” John wasn’t sure why he’d ever thought this had been a good thing to start asking about. He already found Sherlock to be ridiculously attractive. Now he had to add the thought of them naked and with a penis to the mix. Christ, this was going to be difficult. “Right,” he said. “Good.”
A quick search for Speedy’s café showed that it was only ten minutes from his flat, a perfectly acceptable distance to travel to meet a near-stranger. (He would have truthfully traveled for upwards of an hour if necessary.) John was a bit surprised at how quickly this was all moving, but he supposed he couldn’t complain. Truthfully, he didn’t want to wait around any longer before meeting up with Sherlock. It felt like the start of something, and he was eager to jump headfirst into it.
“Bedroom,” he said, and when John simply continued to suck at his neck, Sherlock pushed him away just hard enough to force John to look back up at him. He noted the momentary concern in John’s features before he rolled his eyes and began herding the soldier toward his bedroom.
He didn’t beg John to go faster as he had before. Instead, he wrapped his arms around John’s neck and pulled him down into another kiss, this one gentler than the last. He ached with the sweetness of it.
After one particularly rough thrust, Sherlock felt his whole body begin to heat up as white-hot arousal steadily bloomed in his abdomen. “I’m—
. It felt like a lame attempt at getting their conversation started again, and apparently Sherlock thought so, too, because he never responded.
“Sherlock, dear, I meant to tell you before you popped off, but there’s a very nice man fixing up your flat a bit,” she said.
John had been on an unfortunate losing streak with regard to dating for the past month. Well, it was more like the past year. The past twenty-three years, even. Every girl he tried chatting up was just so unbearably boring. He’d started anticipating nothing more than a one-night stand, because his romantic prospects were—in a word—underwhelming.
of this before. He would have continued not doing any of this had it not been for the fact that the beer at the pub had affected him more than he’d anticipated.
John’s bitterness toward this faceless girl vanished. SH wasn’t interested in girls. Good. That was very good. (He didn’t let himself think about
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the vehemence directed his way. Before the other men could process it, he reached out and grabbed the radio for himself. “I’m not a private detective; I’m a consulting detective,” he explained. “I’m
Before he had the chance to doubt himself too much, John reappeared at his side, two drinks in hand.  “I’ve got whiskey and rum,” he said.  “Which do you want?”
living, so clearly this isn’t some romantic ending to a fairytale,” Sherlock had argued. “It would be more realistic to say, ‘We’re living happily for the moment.’” John had chuckled and kissed him to shut him up.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, hoping that doing that would conceal the rapid increase in his pulse caused by John’s touch and concern. “Lestrade will be there.”
Sherlock glanced over at him briefly, distractedly, like they were wrapped up in something more interesting in their own mind. “Oh, no, it’s fine,” they said.
“I try to solve crimes I read about in the papers,” he replied, not really sure why he felt the need to be so honest about that part of his life. He figured that John would be intrigued, though, given the man’s previous reactions to his observational skills. “And I like experimenting.” At John’s raised eyebrows Sherlock flushed and hastily tried to correct John’s assumptions. “Scientific experiments. Not—not any other kinds.” Sherlock took another sip of his drink to prevent himself from saying anything else embarrassing.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reiterated, “When we first got together, you said you’d need more time to think about moving in.” He paused, as if expecting John to finish that thought, but when John didn’t immediately reply, he added, “Well, you’ve had more time. Presumably you’ve thought about it.”
John broke the kiss and bent down to pant against his neck. “You’re so hot. How did you get to be so hot?” He nibbled at Sherlock’s skin, and at the whine that move earned him, he smirked and started to suck on Sherlock’s neck in earnest. He only pulled back when there was clearly going to be a visible mark lingering in that spot for days.
Sherlock huffed out a put-upon sigh, but whey they arrived at the market, the first thing Sherlock did was locate an umbrella and give it to John.
The man on the other end of the phone scoffed. “Have it your way, doctor, but, if you refuse to comply with my terms, for the sake of your safety and your new
Sherlock was fairly confident that he knew what John was referring to, so he nodded. This tension between them and the continual flirting couldn’t have just been his imagination.
“Whoa,” John said, not moving his hands away as if he feared Sherlock would throw himself to the ground if he let go. “What are you doing?” He loosened his grip suddenly but didn’t let go entirely. “Do you want to stop? Is that what this is?”
“Well, no, it doesn’t, but I hardly care about that,” Sherlock said, and John let out a breath he hadn’t even realised he’d been holding in. They were going to stay for at least a little while, then. That was good.
As expected, there was no reply immediately forthcoming. He had known that would be the case, but his heart was still hammering in his chest. This was a big risk, but the only other option was to not try talking to Sherlock again, and John found that he was really opposed to that possibility. He waited nearly an hour, just to be sure Sherlock wasn’t going to reply, before sending a follow-up message.
“Brilliant,” John told them, and he was gratified by the way their cheeks glowed turquoise. “Really, Sherlock, that’s incredible. If you wanted to stay out in London permanently, I think you could really make a name for yourself as a private detective or something.”
“Right,” John said, short and clipped. He found he was much less impressed with his new companion’s apparent sociopathic nature. “Maybe you should have just stayed on your edge of the galaxy, then.” He didn’t look at Sherlock’s face then, aware that perhaps that had been slightly too harsh. He shook his head and pushed himself up from the sofa. “I’m going out,” he said. He walked toward the door, grabbed his rain jacket and wallet, and headed out without looking back. Even still, he could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he left.
“Fireball,” John told him.  “I got some for myself, too.  I’ve never had it before, surprisingly enough.”
John pulled out and settled next to him on the bed. He wrapped one arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him closer, as if incapable of remaining separate from him for much longer. “That was incredible,” he said softly, his tone matching that of the preceding love-making.
John texted back immediately, not wanting to keep Sherlock waiting in case he decided that this conversation wasn’t worth any delays.
“Here you go,” John said, setting one steaming mug in front of Sherlock. He took up his seat again and dumped all of the sugar and cream onto the table between them.
Sherlock didn’t see how that would be a problem. He had always been criticised for being selfish, prompting other people to commiserate with John for having to put up with him all the time. John himself had been upset that Sherlock’s selfish desire to keep John in London with him had caused so many arguments after he’d gone to Afghanistan. “So you don’t want me to focus on you?” Sherlock asked, not seeing how that would solve any of their issues.
desperate to talk things over that he hardly cared how sad and empty the pub was at that time. “I mean, he said it was a date, and you kind of made it seem like it wasn’t. Could just feel awkward about that.”
Breakfast was served every morning at seven o’clock. By nine, John would be blissfully alone in the rainforest, and he wouldn’t be bothered with another living soul for months.
So this is a little later than I'd said, but I apparently forgot to take into account holidays when giving my two weeks to write this, and then the new episode happened (if you want to see my excited thoughts on that, you can visit
From that point on, Sherlock and John would enter the library together every weekday at two o’clock, hand in hand.  The first time they had done that, Seb Wilkes had almost commented. He’d gotten as far as opening his mouth and taking a breath before John was glaring at him.  “Talk to Sherlock again, and I’ll break your fucking nose,” he had said, voice deathly low.  Wilkes had seemed offended at the threat, but he apparently believed it, as he hadn’t tried speaking to Sherlock since.  Sherlock hadn’t realised how much he had dreaded interacting with Seb until it had all stopped.
He felt his cheeks heat, and he dropped his face into his hands. “This is utterly embarrassing,” he mumbled, and John just laughed playfully.
John seemed surprised, which was ridiculous, and his face broke out in a grin again, which Sherlock greatly preferred to the stiff expression he’d been wearing moments prior. “Yeah? Right. So we’re both looking for more. Good.”
At that, Sherlock did look up, and it was only to shoot John an exasperated glare belied by the upward twitch in their lips. “That sounds idiotic.” After a pause, they added, “Actually, Sherlock Holmes might not be a bad human name.”
highly of himself. Openly gay.  Or possibly bisexual.  It was difficult to tell in his current state.  And there was something significant about the state of his watch, but Sherlock couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.
John’s heart rate kicked up. How had this person known he’d been at a pub? John started to wonder if maybe he was being stalked, and he tried to tell himself that his excitement was just a manifestation of his body’s fight-or-flight response activating, not because this was the first interesting thing to happen to him since he’d decided on joining the army.
“Here, we’ve mostly got a society where people mate for happiness instead,” John told them, and they seemed oddly intrigued by that fact. “What’s your species like?”
,” he said, pressing back against Sherlock, grinding them together.  Without separating them in the slightest, he used his grip on Sherlock’s arse to pull them both toward the worn-down sofa. John laid down on it, pulling Sherlock on top of him.  The position itself was surprising, as Sherlock had anticipated that John would put himself on top, but this way, John’s hands were able to remain on his arse, so Sherlock figured that it wasn’t so bad this way around.
That wasn’t possible, he knew. The only phone in the research base was attached to the hallway leading up to the kitchen and had been disconnected for years because the owners had gotten tired of paying to keep it up when the researchers never used it.
“You’ve been denying me all week,” Seb said lightheartedly when Sherlock reached them.  “Come on, you’ve got to do your trick now.  None of these guys here believe you can actually do it.”
John gave an aggrieved sigh and shook his head, although there was a smile pulling up at the corner of his lips. He tore off the sheet of paper and tossed it to the floor along with all of their previous drawings. He set to work again, this time moving much more slowly, ostensibly to increase his accuracy.
To Lestrade’s credit, he didn’t seem overly surprised to see that John had joined Sherlock on this case. John, who was obviously irritated at being dragged out of bed in the middle of some very passionate snogging, merely nodded in greeting at the DI.
“Would you like some tea?” Sherlock asked, the sight of the kettle prompting him to remember those manners he’d been chastised about neglecting when growing up.
Comments/kudos appreciated :) Not sure when I'll have the next chapter up but I'll try to make it within a week!
“Like I was drugged in a bar,” Sherlock replied, and he was pleased that he could at least get the words out without sounding too shaky.
Everyone was already there when Sherlock and John arrived, and from the look of it, they were already about one drink in. They were all crowded around a few tables that had been pushed together, and they had left two open seats for the two of them.
“You’ll be good at that,” John said, staring again, and he meant it, though he was fairly certain that Sherlock would have been good at anything, clever as he was. He turned to his teammates. “When we first met, it was because I’d texted the wrong number, and this one”—he nudged Sherlock with his shoulder—“was able to tell me what I’d been doing the night before and all sorts of things about myself. Bloody genius, he is.”
John again reread the text a few times, and then suddenly he was smiling. A horrible opening line. He probably should have been offended, but he found himself laughing instead. That progression of thinking was brilliant. All the pieces were there, but he certainly couldn’t have put it all together himself, he was sure. All thoughts of Bird Girl were replaced fully by this clever, interesting stranger.
He turned and set off in the direction of the bar, completely ignoring an open section of it in favour of shoving his way into the unavailable space beside John. The idiot who had been chatting John up seemed to take the hint when no effort was made to move Sherlock out of the way, and he left. Sherlock leaned over the bar, looking forward so as not to indicate that he knew the man beside him, although John didn’t seem to be doing the same. In fact, he could feel John’s eyes burning into him.
John didn’t even hesitate, just reached out and grabbed Wilkes by the collar from across the table. Other patrons were staring, and John knew that the only reason the whole group hadn’t been kicked out by now was because the owner was known to like them well enough. “Do not ever talk to him again,” John growled. “You’re not good enough to be in the same room as him. Get your things and
Sherlock took a few deep breaths, trying to calm himself back down, although his body seemed intent on punishing him for that sudden movement regardless of any deep breathing exercises he did.
“I have the money,” he argued, wondering if John was sparing him from paying out of some misguided attempt to offer financial help.
That was disappointing, and Sherlock had made a fool of himself by bringing this whole thing up in the first place. He set his untouched tea on the coffee table and slouched down so that he could curl himself up facing the back of the sofa. God, he was an idiot, and John didn’t want to move in with him, and maybe this relationship wasn’t going that well after all. For John, this could have merely been a casual fling, just something to pass the time, and yet Sherlock had gone and gotten deeply invested in it, making it out to be something greater than it was. Idiot, idiot, idiot—
“Do you like chemistry?”  And the way John said it, it sounded like a far more significant question than it should have.
“Never have I ever invited my partner to watch a documentary on bees as part of a date-night,” John said, and there were a few chuckles from around the table as Sherlock grumpily took a sip of his drink.
John was still looking at him, still smiling, eyes so warm. Sherlock turned his attention to his drink instead, downing half of it in one go.  He coughed just after he’d swallowed it.  John laughed again and reached up to thump him on the back, his hand lingering even after Sherlock’s coughing had stopped.
“Yeah, that’s good,” John breathed, pulling Sherlock’s hips down. When Sherlock got the hint and started moving against John on his own, John murmured, “Yeah, just like that. So good.”
“Well,” Sherlock said, “clearly your definition of fiction is wrong, as I’m an alien to you and I’m here, and many other members of my species have made a home on Earth as well.”
“Of course you don’t speak English,” he muttered. “Not sure what else I expected.” And then, because the alien didn’t seem to want to hurt him, he found himself adding, “Follow me, then.”
When they got back home, John was going to make Sherlock watch some romantic films, just to ensure that they understood the real steps in a typical, human relationship. He wasn’t going to propose marriage or anything like that quite yet, as they’d only been dating for a couple of months, but he knew that it likely wouldn’t be too far off. He would start with the dog and the bee-friendly plants, and he would get just about any other thing Sherlock decided that they wanted along the line, and they would find a way to establish a career as a consulting detective of some sort, and then, perhaps, marriage.
John smiled. “Oh, don’t worry. I’ve had enough practice defending you by this point that I know how to do it without injuring myself in the process.”
On his own now, John continued up the trail, trying his best not to get his cane stuck in the thick mud that covered the ground. It took him twice as long as it would have taken anyone else to reach the debris on the trail, but he got there eventually and was quick to cut away the vines and branches that had blocked the path. He was just about to turn back when he heard something.
[6:19AM] I’ve said that you’re a big softy. Showed them the letters that you sent me. Very romantic. JW
John smiled at him before bending between his legs to check his hole for damage. He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s upper thigh before slipping off the bed entirely. “I’ll help you get cleaned up, promise.”
John smiled at him.  “Right—that.  Can you do that to me?”  He leaned a bit closer, smile turning to a smirk.  “Can you
John looked around, as if expecting to see his mysterious caller peering in from one of the windows. All he saw was Sherlock staring at him with obvious interest and concern from over by the oven.
From that point on, John was hooked. Hell, he had probably been hooked since their first interaction. The alien showed no signs of wanting to leave, and John certainly didn’t want them to go.
John laughed good-naturedly and stripped off the top half of his uniform, exposing a firm, bare chest and glittering dog tags.
John, seemingly unaware of the effect he’d had on the young detective, continued: “Sherlock and I will make a team.” He looked over at Sherlock, who was doing his best not to look like he was twelve years old and talking to his crush. “Right?”
Sherlock located the book he needed easily enough.  His time spent in the library observing John had at least taught him how the books were organised.  That was one good thing that had come out of that mess, he supposed. On instinct, he nearly walked back toward his usual table, immediately glancing up to where John sat. Except John wasn’t sitting there, obviously, because John didn’t come to the library at twelve o’clock on Thursdays. Instead, Sarah, John’s girlfriend, was sitting in John’s usual seat.  She caught his eye and smiled before pulling out her phone and quickly sending off a text.  Sherlock turned away. He claimed a table in the back corner of the room, hoping to discourage anyone from interrupting him. He just needed a few minutes with this book, and he would be out of there.  Ten minutes, tops.
John pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head, and the arms around him tightened and released. It was, all in all, a perfect moment.
[25 August, 3:20PM] Is that so? Well, that sounds like an emergency. Need me to come over right now? JW
“Hey,” John said, smirking a bit, clearly knowing how good he looked. His hair was swooped off to one side in a way that it normally wasn’t, and it seemed to increase his overall appeal to a drastic degree. He had similarly chosen to wear a tight T-shirt and jeans, although his neckline was significantly higher than Sherlock’s, and his jeans were loose enough to give him room to maneuver—practical and yet devastatingly sexy.
Sherlock just stared at him with that same stunned expression. Their skin, which had gone back to the pale humanoid tone, started to look slightly purple.
“Do you want to come in?” he blurted out and immediately regretted it. “I mean, your current salary is adequate at best, and your army pension likely contributes very little. Your flat right now must be quite terrible, then. I’ve got an extra bedroom, and I’ve been looking for a flatmate.” That much was a lie. Mrs. Hudson had thought that it would be good of him to find someone to live with, but Sherlock had never actively looked.
There was the sudden sound of the exterior door opening, followed by slow trudging up the steps. The footfalls were too heavy to be Mrs. Hudson’s, and there was an added
Hours later, sulk completed, Sherlock glanced up from the only book at the research base that didn’t have anything to do with monkeys. They frowned. “Are all human relationships heterosexual?” they asked.
Sherlock frowned. It was true. He had gotten approximately one-third of the way through his (remarkably accurate, he thought) depiction of a microscope, and John hadn’t even bothered to guess what the drawing was meant to represent.
Sherlock was having heart palpitations again, he was sure. “What am I supposed to do, then?” he asked.  “I’m nowhere near prepared for a date, if that even is what this is.”
John’s look of incredulity might have been amusing in other circumstances, but as it was, it only served to confuse Sherlock even more. “I never said that,” he countered.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but the words wouldn’t come.  As he tried to formulate an accurate response, he found that what had happened the night before seemed too far-fetched to be real.
John Watson could be. Granted, John hardly seemed to put much effort into being good for anyone else, but with Sherlock, he was a veritable white knight. Sherlock had the sudden urge to kiss him, and he might have done it if he hadn’t been so worried about the fact that he hadn’t brushed his teeth in three days.
He flashed an apologetic smile over at the girl he had been talking to. “Sorry,” he said, “but it looks like I’m going to have to get him home.”
And then John grinned at him, and Sherlock temporarily forgot what he had been thinking about in the first place.
—” And then he was coming without a hand on him. His eyes wide, pure pleasure flooding through his veins, he cried out as he made a mess of himself.
He spared a brief moment to text Lestrade before he was dashing forward into the building, starting to cough almost immediately as he pushed through the thick cloud of smoke. He could feel it burning down his lungs, and he knew that he wouldn’t be able to last in that place for very long. The fire was still relatively small, but it was spreading fast. He could detect a faintly sweet smell in the air, and he knew enough to understand that there must have been an accelerant present. His eyes burned, but he forced himself to continue looking around. He wasn’t going to let this girl die on his account. No, he would get her out of this alive.
Except, suddenly the man was no longer in front of him, and the hand that had been outstretched to take the phone wasn’t there to catch the thing as it clattered to the pavement.
John seemed pleased by his reaction, so that was something. “I mean, I don’t know if you’ve got other plans for tonight, but we could meet up once my shift’s over for dinner, if you want.”  He shrugged in attempted nonchalance, but Sherlock thought he could detect a hint of nervousness. Why would John be nervous? That was clearly Sherlock’s job.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh, clearly happy, before his cheeks started to turn a bit pinker. “I think I know something else you might like to do for the rest of the night,” he said, quirking one eyebrow suggestively.
“Didn’t see you there,” Murray said. He seemed to detect John’s solemnity at that point, and his smile dipped down into a frown. “What’s the matter?” He looked at the table, spotting the two mugs. “Were you with someone?”
John laughed and reached up to place his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “You don’t need to worry. I’ve only got eyes for one person right now.”
.  Sherlock thought back to Victor, to how different that had been.  Granted, John’s touch had never extended beyond being strictly platonic, but it was still thrilling to be touched so openly like this.
“Your books are in poor condition, so they’re likely the cheapest used versions you can get.  You clearly don’t spend money on buying new clothes, as everything in your wardrobe appears to be a few years old.  Money is tight, then.”
He ignored them after a certain point, though, because he had more pressing matters to attend to. Namely, planning his and Sherlock’s trip to London. For a little over a year, John hadn’t enjoyed the thought of going back to London at all, but, now, he found that he was eager to return. He’d always loved the city, and with Sherlock, he had no doubt that his life would be beyond interesting. There would certainly be none of the tedium of normal civilian life. Sherlock would make sure of that.
With Sherlock’s cheeks now a charming shade of pink, and with that furrow in his brow still there, John went up and ordered them two fresh cups. When they came up, he realised that he’d forgotten how Sherlock took his coffee, something that had been revealed during their text conversation but had slipped through his memory. Damn. He’d been doing so well at deducing Sherlock. John made sure to grab several packets of sugar and cream in order to account for any possible preference as he brought their drinks back to the table.
[3:52AM] I was shot in the shoulder, Sherlock. I didn’t get memory loss or anything. I don’t suddenly want to stop being boyfriends. JW
“In the article, it said that the only suspicious activity found at the scene were chips of green paint on either side of the gravel pathway.  It’s
“How do you know they’re gay?” Lestrade asked, seemingly more confused by the start to Sherlock’s explanation.
“I just want to…”  John never finished the thought.  Instead, he leaned up, moving slowly enough that Sherlock could back away if he wanted to. He didn’t want to. Sherlock allowed his eyes to fall shut, and he ducked his head down until their lips were pressed together. It was just as addictive as it had been the night before.  In theory, it was no more interesting than any other kiss he had ever experienced, but the fact that it was
He gently nudged Sherlock back until they were lying down on the bed, John spread out on top of them. He kept one hand tangled in Sherlock’s hair, unable to get enough of that silky texture, and his other hand began sliding down Sherlock’s front. They were still wearing one of those button-up field shirts they had discovered somewhere in the house, and John desperately wanted to take it off. Judging by the low moans coming from Sherlock and the hardness John could feel against his thigh, he guessed that Sherlock probably wouldn’t mind that. He reluctantly tore his fingers away from Sherlock’s hair to undo all the buttons on their shirt until it could be discarded somewhere off the side of the bed.
Sherlock didn’t bother glancing up from the radio they were dissecting on the floor. “The closest approximation in your language would be ‘Holmes,’” they said.
John smiled in spite of his tone and kissed his nose gently. “Because you were moping, and you ought to know by now that it’s better to just talk about things that are bothering you instead of refusing to speak to me for days.”
“He likes me,” Sherlock told John, eyes shining with a level of happiness that made John’s heart soften a little bit more.
, he heard from his left. That particular trail ended abruptly at the edge of the river, and the dead-end would allow John to confront whoever was out there without the possibility of their escape.
John wasn’t sure he was ready to have this conversation with them, but he eventually did shake his head. “No, sometimes I have nightmares. I haven’t had many of them recently.” He knew that it was Sherlock’s influence on him that had caused that.
As he sat down, he glanced up to see John Watson looking over at him, awe in his expression.  But, no, that couldn’t have been right.  Sherlock was certain that he’d merely misread the look.  He wondered if John had been able to hear his exchange with Seb’s friends, and he found himself oddly curious as to what he had thought of it.
Lestrade was looking him in a strange way—like a twelve-year-old’s father observing his son interacting with his crush.
Sherlock shrugged. “Typically, it’s grey and comes in cubes. It’s filled with every nutrient we require to maintain functionality.”
“I’m not dying,” Sherlock quickly assured her, though his tone of voice likely sounded wrecked enough to raise doubt.  “Something…
The last time they had argued about that particular topic, John had ignored Sherlock for two days, gotten shot, and had ended up in hospital. Sherlock immediately felt ill. He was getting used to that feeling now, as it had been plaguing him since that argument. “No,” he rushed to say. “No, we’re not.” He turned away, trying to find something safe to do, something to show John that he regretted everything. “Are you hungry?” he asked. He made his way into the kitchen and began looking through the fridge for anything that was pre-made that he could heat up for John.
John was surprised at the reaction. “I take it you don’t have many on your planet,” he ventured to guess.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up, and their antennae twitched excitedly, and John had to take a few deep breaths to get himself under control.
John gave him a look, clearly not pleased with that response. “Yeah, but are you really going to stick by him the entire time?” There was something in John’s tone that indicated that he wouldn’t have been pleased if Sherlock had answered positively or negatively to that question. Sherlock didn’t exactly understand why John wouldn’t want him to stay by Lestrade’s side the entire time, but he decided that figuring that out was not important enough to inquire about given the circumstances. John apparently took Sherlock’s momentary silence as a negative, and he nodded once. “Right. That settles it. I’m coming with you.”
John looked at him for a moment, trying to see if this was some sort of joke. Sherlock looked so serious, though, eyes wide and earnest, that John knew it was real. He let out a relieved laugh. “Boyfriends,” he agreed.
“Oh, that’s very nice,” John said, now looking at the screen of Sherlock’s laptop. He turned his head to the side and kissed Sherlock’s temple. “This is shaping up to be a proper business.”
Sherlock’s eyes immediately went to John’s usual table as he entered the library that Friday. John was sitting there, as per usual. Sherlock felt a bit warm, and he wondered if the library’s heating system was acting up again.
,” he breathed, gripping Sherlock’s arse harder and increasing the pressure between them. “Do you see what you’re doing to me? God, you’re beautiful. Yeah, keep going.”
Even still, he couldn’t stop fidgeting, not even when he entered Speedy’s. He shoved his hands in his pockets, hoping to prevent them from giving away his anxiety.
There was a warm, tentative hand on his forehead, and unlike the first time John had touched him that morning, this time the contact seemed to make everything a bit better. “Rest up, love,” John murmured softly to him, and although Sherlock had several questions he wanted to ask, he ultimately gave in to John’s gentle request.
John looked around again and sighed. He seemed to be doing a lot of that. After a moment, he lifted one hand to rest on Sherlock’s cheek. The contact sent a thrill through him. Sherlock had been so worried that they might not be allowed to touch like this anymore, but apparently John was allowing it.
After readying himself and warding off several texts from Mike (all including various forms of, ‘You have a date, don’t you?’ and, ‘Who is she?’), John ended up getting to Speedy’s ten minutes early. As he entered the place, he was forced to check his watch again and confirm that, yes, it was still slightly before noon, and, yes, he was early—a fact that seemed dubious because Sherlock Holmes was already there, seated at a table off to the side.
And this was it. Time to say how serious this was to him. Time to tell Sherlock precisely what he wanted. He was nervous, admittedly, but there was nothing for it.
John’s heart pounded in his chest. His hand hovered over the handle of his machete. He hooted again and heard the expected response from his right and the unexpected response from ahead. That wasn’t possible. The researchers were all bound to be in one group now that they’d found monkeys, and there was no one else permitted in the forest.
“You’ll like it,” John assured. “You like fruit, and it’s just a lot of fruit warmed up with a crust.”
It might have been a bird, but just like when Sarah had suggested it, he knew that there were no birds that made that sort of noise in the forest. No, that was a human call.
*** I've received a few comments about the use of gender-neutral pronouns for Sherlock, and essentially Sherlock's species of alien is non-binary, meaning that traditional she/he pronouns don't fit and instead 'they' is used.
Now, there they were, two hours later, trying to figure out how John could crawl his way out of the hole he’d apparently dug for himself with the one interesting person he’d ever met.
He nodded. “Yeah, go ahead.” They undid the button and zip on his trousers and whined loudly when John was forced to get up from the bed in order to shuck his trousers and pants entirely. John smirked over at them. “God, you’re eager, aren’t you?”
John was positively shaking with laughter as he stirred the pasta later that evening. Sherlock’s own laughs were bubbling out of them as they leaned against the countertop nearby.
John couldn’t believe that Sherlock was trying to figure out what was bothering him. Surely they could tell. They were just being cruel pretending otherwise.   “Yeah, no. Not a lie. I don’t care what you do. Have fun on your way back.”
Sherlock’s anger over the injustice was downgraded to minor irritation. His own hands, which had still been pointing in displeasure at the picture, settled around John’s shoulders.
Sherlock’s first instinct was to drop everything in the month before John’s arrival in order to prepare. His flat was, according to Mrs. Hudson, “a disaster,” and he didn’t really like the idea of John thinking poorly of him because of that. He was also working private cases with increasing frequency, leaving him tempted to simply close shop, as it were, so that he wouldn’t have any distractions in his preparations.
John laughed. “Of course, love.” He knelt down beside the bed so that he was eye level with Sherlock again, and he kissed them sweetly and deeply. “In that case, I’m going to make this so good for you,” he murmured when he pulled back. “Take off your trousers.” He straightened up and watched as Sherlock hastened to comply. They sat directly in the middle of the bed when they were finished, looking over at John expectantly.
John raised his eyebrows, looking around at the rest of the people at the table. No one pointed out that they had not actually been thinking that as a group, so John had no reason to assume that Donovan was lying. “Here I thought that turning forty meant not having to play things like that again.”
Sherlock reached out and grabbed hold of John’s hand where it lay on the seat between them. John, for his part, didn’t seem shocked by the sudden move and merely turned his palm over so that he could intertwine their fingers. And just like that, Sherlock knew that whatever this was between them would need to be addressed soon.
“Was that a bird, or was that the others?” Sarah asked, as if she didn’t already know the sound of every bird in the forest.
It only got worse as they started playing.  Sherlock didn’t know the first thing about rugby, but he didn’t need knowledge of the sport to appreciate the match.  John, it turned out, could even look attractive when he was sweaty and covered in dirt.  And, god, the way he tackled the other team’s players.  Sherlock wasn’t sure what it was about that overt show of strength that was affecting him so much.  He had never been a particularly sexual creature, but something about watching John Watson right then made him
He didn’t bother staying awake long enough to see whether or not they truly left the room. Either way, he slept more soundly that night than he’d ever done before, reassured with the fact that something interesting was actually happening to him.
“Do you want me to put some aloe on your arms?” John asked. It was the day after their excursion out into town, and he could tell that there was something off. They were seated in the living area of the main house, and though they were mere feet from one another, Sherlock hadn’t spoken to him in hours.
As expected, there was no response. Damn, the military really shut SH down. John still couldn’t parse out why that was. Even he knew that it would probably be better not to ask if he had any hope of continuing their conversation, and he really did have a lot of questions now. Besides, he didn’t exactly want to get back to studying, so he figured a change of topic was in order.
John didn’t seem to be listening to him. Instead, he went into the kitchen to fetch a cold compress, which he passed over to Sherlock once he returned to the sitting room. “There. Keep that pressed to your cheek for fifteen minutes.”
Sherlock looked up at John, his brow still furrowed. “It was in my mind palace. I had that conversation with you in my mind palace.”
He should have been nervous. This was his first time, after all, and he was doing it with a complete stranger, but there was something about John that set his nerves alight, that engaged him to his core, that made him
Sherlock kept his face hidden, but he wrapped his arms around John’s middle and squeezed tight. “You’re not really a terrible boyfriend,” he said, as if worried John would take it seriously.
After that, John knew for certain that Sherlock was reading his messages without bothering to respond to any of them. He knew that could have been because Sherlock was no longer interested in him, and, yes, that would explain the lack of reply, but they had gotten on so well at Speedy’s that John somewhat doubted that was the case. Still, he stopped texting, wanting to formulate his next move before he started pestering Sherlock again.
, it said on the front.  He hesitated, not sure if he really wanted to read what the note said, but he eventually forced himself to pick it up.  If John was going to tell him that it had all been a mistake, Sherlock would rather get that over with while they weren’t in the same room.
, this was heaven. Sherlock had never been so attracted to the person kissing him before, and it left him feeling dizzier than he could ever remember being. He let out a noise as John licked into his mouth, no trace of that chaste first kiss lingering between them now. It was intoxicating and deep and unbearably sensual.
They shifted even closer to John. “Now, back to kissing, I think.” They shut their eyes and tilted their chin forward, lips pursed, and John was sure he had never been more in love. (Not that he would admit to that last bit, as this was all still far too new to be throwing around sentiments like that.)
Sherlock turned around and studied John for a moment. “It might be worse, but that’s because of your flat-mates and not because of you.”
Sherlock looked a bit unsettled, and John wondered if they had picked up on his momentary doubt. “I can,” they said. They cast a cursory glance over John. “You had a psychosomatic limp that was cured when you met me. The limp and that wound to your shoulder are likely the result of your time overseas at war. I’d guess Afghanistan, but it’s difficult to say without more extensive knowledge of the wars your people have going on. You were a soldier over there, yes, but also a doctor. You mentioned as much when we first met, but I hardly knew how to understand you then. Your nightmares must come from that time as well. They went away when you met me. You like me because I’m the most interesting thing in your life, and you need a bit of intrigue in order to feel functional. You heard about this job through your brother who you generally don’t talk to anymore because of his substance abuse problem. You’re working out here because it’s more adventurous than a typical life in London. Your therapist likely suggested it—and, yes, with a psychosomatic limp, you
“I could break back in very easily, John,” Sherlock reminded him. “There are no windows here, only screens. It would be a matter of seconds.” They still looked slightly discomfited, though, and John wondered if they’d really believed his fake threat. He wanted to reassure them, but he figured that someone lacking most emotions wouldn’t need to be reassured, so he kept quiet about it.
It had felt so real that Sherlock allowed himself to entertain the belief that John might actually want him like that.
John was so relieved at getting a text back that he couldn’t respond for a few minutes. When he did reply, he said,
Sherlock found himself blushing ridiculously at the way John was talking. It wasn’t even that obscene, but it seemed like an enactment of fantasies he hadn’t even known he had. Another moan was startled out of him as he pressed down, getting the pressure just right.
Anyway, here's the first half of John and Sherlock's date!  I was working on writing a longer chapter encompassing their entire night together which is why it's taken so long also (I've had this section written for like two weeks but thought I was gonna add more), but I decided to just break it up into two chapters, so you'll notice that the total chapter count has gone from seven to eight.  I'm working on the new seventh chapter now and it should be done soon!
Once in the bedroom, John tossed him down onto the bed, and Sherlock fully prepared himself to vault off of it and storm back out to the sofa, but John prevented him from doing so by climbing on top of him. Sherlock, who enjoyed that position very much, settled but did his best to look disgruntled all the same to prevent John from thinking he’d won.
John paid for their meal, finally accomplishing what he’d tried to do back at the café nearly two weeks prior.
“Thank you,” Lestrade said, sounding drained already. He turned to leave, stopped, and turned around, this time looking over at John. “Er, bye.”
John knew his own arm would likely get tired from holding that position for the walk, so he instead placed his palm on the small of Sherlock’s back. “Why don’t we do it this way instead?”
Sherlock knew what she was trying to do, and he felt himself tense a bit. He and John hadn’t yet said those things to one another, but they were at least in a relationship now, which made the entire thing less uncomfortable, although not by much. Slowly, he lifted a finger and took a sip of his cocktail. John and a handful of other people did the same thing. John kept shooting him concerned looks, but Sherlock ignored him.
It started out in much the same way as their previous game, with relatively tame declarations made. By the time it got around to John, though, everything changed.
Even as the waiter placed their food in front of them, John continued to smirk, seeming unashamed of their conversation. “Just hearing the noises you made was more than enough for me,” he said, not modulating his volume at all.
“Time,” John called, holding up Sherlock’s phone, which was buzzing to announce the end of the allotted minute. He was smiling and hopped up from his seat on the sofa. “The objective is to
“Never have I ever been called ‘baby’ during sex,” he said with a smirk, looking directly at Sherlock.
Sherlock shrugged, picking up a slice of toast and tearing off a small piece of it for himself. “Sometimes. She thinks I don’t eat enough.”
“But all the victims received a phone call from a withheld number shortly before their deaths.” Sherlock glanced up. “I assume you’ve found a new body.”
“You can’t focus so much on me that you forget about yourself,” John told him, voice low and serious now.
John shrugged, feeling oddly awkward talking about this with Sherlock. “Have sex. They don’t always just have sex with one person. So it depends on your definition of ‘mating,’ I guess.”
A few days later, for lack of anything better to do, John was re-reading a paper on the foraging habits of
Sherlock felt a jolt shoot through him, almost like his heart had been shocked by the simple word of praise. He focused on the kitchen table just beyond John’s arm, unable to stare directly into those sparkling eyes any longer. “It was obvious.”
John sighed again, this time in resignation. “Look, why don’t you take the room next to mine,” he suggested. “The wall separating us won’t reach the ceiling, so you can still hear me at night, and I can still hear you. And, check this out.” He pointed to the paneling on the “wall” between the rooms. “There’s cracks here, so if you really need to check up on me at night, you can peek through.” He was sure he was going to regret giving Sherlock even that much access to him during the night, but he couldn’t find it in himself to be too upset about it.
[1:35AM] You know what? No. I’m not doing this anymore. I’m not going to sit here and let you argue with me. JW
? Kissing was exactly what it seemed to be on the surface.  Tongues and lips and an exchange of minor fluids.  It was so simple, so bland, and yet Sherlock could not get enough. He hummed into the kiss, pressing closer.  John’s hands were starting to stray, one still gripping the hair at the nape of his neck while the other inched lower and lower and lower, moving unbearably slowly. And then,
It felt a bit dangerous, giving out his initials to some stranger, but John supposed that SH had given his initials first. Besides, of all the JW names in the area, he was sure he was the least remarkable, making it difficult for SH to track him down.
Sherlock went to the library every day for the next week. He told himself that it was merely because he hadn’t finished his research for his paper on biochemistry. It had nothing at all to do with a certain rugby captain that happened to be there every afternoon from two until five.
Sherlock shifted uneasily. “He’s a normal Detective Inspector,” he answered, his words coming out far slower and more tempered than before. He tried to watch John’s reaction to see if he was doing it wrong still. When John merely continued to stare at him with that level gaze, Sherlock nervously began adding to his previous statement. “He’s cleverer than most by some standards, as he’s the only one that seems to recognise my worth at this point, but less clever by other standards, as he refuses to see that his wife has been cheating on him for months now.”
John moved his things in the following day. Mycroft facilitated the termination of John’s previous lease, and Sherlock grudgingly admitted that his brother had done well there. John made an announcement about the change of living situation on his blog, where he continued to chronicle their adventures after that, and Sherlock groaned aloud at each subsequent entry.
Sherlock instantly walked forward to close the gap between them. “No, I want this,” he said, determined. “Promise.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed for a moment before he moved to stand up. “Right, I suppose I can do that,” he said.
[4:19PM] So you thought that telling me that you were dissecting an eyeball but not telling me what type of animal was sparing me the gory details? JW
“I think we were going to start walking over as well,” he said, and when he turned back to John to get confirmation, he found that John’s eyes were on Molly’s hand.
“Are all human penises this big?” they asked. One of their hands reached out to delicately skim along John’s length.
“If you didn’t want your wife to be upset, you shouldn’t have hired me to find her missing jewelry,” Sherlock pointed out. The man had clearly thought that his decision to hire a consulting detective would absolve him of any guilt in his wife’s eyes, and he severely underestimated Sherlock’s intelligence.
Sherlock started to smile, apparently liking the chance to show off his talent for deduction. “I can do that.” And he sounded excited. “To avoid repetition, I’ll just focus on the rugby players,” he said, and he scanned his eyes around the table. When he was done, he nodded, his smile growing wider. “You.” He pointed at Murray. “You.” He indicated Lestrade. “And you.” He pointed at Sebastian Wilkes. “You’re the only three on the team that slept with anyone last night, in spite of the fact that you”—he now pointed to Rowland—“were trying to make people think that you’d gotten some.”
Sherlock, oddly enough, seemed to gain some confidence from John’s embarrassment, and he squeezed John’s hand where it still rested on his knee. “This is only our second date,” he said, glancing over at John as if for confirmation, “but we were talking for a few weeks before we went out.”
A walk around campus, though, might not be such a bad thing, he decided.  Before Friday, he hadn’t even known where rugby games were held.  Perhaps it was time to update his mental map of the campus.  That would at least provide him with
Sherlock frowned. “Nothing I wrote down looks like that,” he pointed out. He glanced down at the timer. “Thirty seconds.”
me. At least give me a chance?” He gave what he likely thought was a charming smile, inching closer to where Sherlock stood.
He felt as if an electric shock had gone through him. It was maddening and arousing and he couldn’t get enough. “
Sherlock planned to go into the library on Thursday at noon. Coincidentally, John’s usual schedule did not permit him to be in the library on Thursdays at noon.
John looked at the calendar tacked to the kitchen wall. There were only seven days crossed out for that month. Seven days since Sherlock had arrived. (He hadn’t bothered keeping track of the passing time before Sherlock, and he tried not to think too hard about the significance of that.)
John’s mates start trying to get information about their relationship (if it could even be called that, new as it was) from Sherlock, and Sherlock continued to give them very matter-of-fact, if vague, answers. He was perfectly civil—friendly, even—but John could still feel some tension in his responses. He wondered if Sherlock hung out with people like this very often, and it made him a bit sad to imagine that Sherlock probably wasn’t invited to be ‘one of the gang’ very often. He would protect Sherlock from ever being excluded again, he decided. This beautiful, perfect creature was too good to be made to feel inadequate, after all.
“Sorry,” and that was John’s voice, and there was John standing next to him, and it had been John’s hand.
John desperately hoped for an affirmative answer, and, after another four minutes of waiting, he let out a sigh of relief.
Sherlock’s hands slowly crept down his chest before reaching his trousers. At that point, Sherlock, cheeks tinged blue, looked up at him. “May I?” they asked, and John would have teased them at their sudden politeness if he hadn’t been so turned on.
The flat itself was unimpressive—precisely what would be expected of a lonely genius with no real career prospects and a penchant for narcotics—but John didn’t seem to notice. Instead, as soon as they were inside, he kicked the door shut and tugged Sherlock down into a kiss. Sherlock let out a surprised
Sherlock stared and blinked and generally looked vacant enough that John worried he’d broken him somehow.
The kiss started almost gently, as if John was testing whether or not it would be permitted. When Sherlock kissed back, John made a sound low in his throat that set Sherlock’s blood aflame. After that, “gentle” wasn’t really a key factor anymore.
, he thought, awed at how lucky he had gotten. Had John not been shot when he was, they likely wouldn’t have met. John would have been in someplace like Afghanistan, and Sherlock would have been stuck in London, and they never would have known about one another. Or perhaps they would have met, but after John’s tour, and that probably wouldn’t have been very good, either. John would have suffered from PTSD in all likelihood, and Sherlock would have been alone for too long, and there would have been too many rough edges to fit together. Under those circumstances, he didn’t know how long it would have taken John to start touching him, to start calling him those sweet names.
When John opened the door, his eyes flicked to the coffee table and mess of papers strewn about. He already looked slightly amused, like he was ready to tease Sherlock about the state of his flat. “I see we’re going to make this a weekly thi—” All amusement drained out of John’s face and tone when he caught sight of Sherlock’s cheek. John stepped forward, only concern evident in his expression now. “What happened?” he asked, one hand coming up automatically, like he was going to try to touch Sherlock’s face again in spite of the distance between them. He dropped his hand after a moment. “Who hurt you?”
After months of kissing and over-the-clothes touching, Victor asked Sherlock for something more.  Sherlock, who fancied himself in love at that point, had readily complied, eager to please. Sherlock brought Victor off with his hand that night, and it was the most intimate thing he had ever done with anyone before.
“If I go overseas somewhere, I’ll Skype home as often as I can, and when I come back on leave, I can give you a medical opinion on any cases you work,” John offered, deciding that, if Sherlock was going to think that far ahead, then so could he.
And yet, he still found himself saving the number, wrong as it had been, under the contact name ‘SH.’
. It was as if he was bracing himself, preparing to react in any way that he deemed necessary after Sherlock’s answer.
, Sherlock supposed that those who worked with him at crime scenes had never seen him express romantic interest like that before.
He screamed when the dog was taken away, and Redbeard had looked back at him. Sherlock imagined that he hadn’t wanted to go either.  He cried for days, because his best friend was no longer there to help dry the tears.
Sherlock’s face instantly turned blood red. He tried to cover his embarrassment by glaring at John. “Everyone likes a military man,” he snapped.
Sherlock didn’t reply, but he didn’t let go of John, either. They stayed that way, clinging to one another as if this truly was the end, for the remainder of the night, both seemingly dreading the sunrise.
escaped his lips. John could feel it the moment he came, could feel the way Sherlock’s body tightened against his, the way his cock grew harder, the way his hips stuttered in their movements, thrusting faster and faster before stopping altogether with jittery over-stimulation. It was, as John had previously said, so fucking hot. He couldn’t hold himself back any longer. He flipped them over again, Sherlock now a boneless mess sprawled on his back, having just come in his pants because of a frotting session. John, kneeling next to Sherlock’s shoulder, unzipped his jeans and pulled them and his pants down just enough to take his cock in hand.
By the time John pushed the door open, Sherlock’s heart rate had kicked up to nearly twice its normal rate, and he realised that he should have opened the door for John rather than just standing there in the centre of the sitting room like an idiot.
Sherlock’s skin glowed bright in the dark room. John was captivated. They trilled excitedly and dashed out of John’s room that instant. It was obvious where they had gone once John could see the remnants of that glow come through the gaps in the paneling.
Sherlock had been pouring over the evidence for close to an hour before it hit him. He gasped as the pieces fell together. Obvious, really, it was so obvious. Even still, he knew that the police couldn’t have made that connection.
No, of course not. It’s just that if you intend to look after me, it would make more sense for you to do it while you can actually see me and evaluate me for yourself. Not much use when you’re all the way over there.
Sherlock spared a thought for how good an army captain John would have made if he’d gotten that far. “I understand,” he said, nodding once more at John before he grabbed his drink and made his way over toward a solitary table nearby.
John couldn’t help but smile wider. So Sherlock liked an army man. That was certainly good to know. It didn’t quite explain in John’s mind why Sherlock clammed up whenever the topic of the military arose in their conversations, but he made a note to just ask Sherlock about that later.
Some of his rugby mates had roped John into going out to dinner with them after their match. Of course, these particular mates all happened to be dating at the moment, leaving John the only one without a partner in attendance. Bored and feeling out of place, John figured that this was as good a time as any to try to strike up another conversation with SH.
know that?” He wondered briefly if Sherlock could read minds, and he felt a bit uneasy at the thought of Sherlock being able to know precisely how John thought of them.
.  Claimed by John Watson, no less.  He rocked his hips forward on instinct, his moan growing louder as he felt John’s arousal there.
Sherlock’s smile dropped a bit, though his expression remained open. “I know,” he murmured, tone softer than before.
John could practically hear the other man’s smirk. “You’re very loyal, very fast. That’s interesting, considering your therapist in London noted that you have ‘trust issues.’”
He actually hated it when there were other people staying there. They all felt awkward around the English caretaker with a bad leg. He wasn’t good at maintaining the trails because his cane made it difficult to navigate through the mud and branches. He couldn’t think of creative enough meals to cook for them—not to mention the fact that he hated cooking for so many strangers—so he often had to bring in people from the nearby “village” to help. He wasn’t much good at being a caretaker, but they all felt so sorry for him that they never really commented on it. John hated it, but he supposed it kept him with a job and from being forced to move back to his shitty London bedsit.
John was on the other side of the door, he knew.  How John had even known which building he was in or which room was his, Sherlock didn’t know, but somehow, John was standing out in the hall. John, who was going to take him out on a (suspected but not confirmed) date.  John, who was (apparently, possibly) still attracted to him even after the night they’d shared. Or perhaps because of it. It was difficult to say. Sherlock found that John was not an easy man to read, especially when it came to sentimental matters like this one.
Sherlock huffed out a little laugh as well. “Do I not look like I’m bursting with pride right now?” he quipped.
,” he muttered under his breath, shaking his head against the table. “I was trying to hide from them so they wouldn’t scare Sherlock off, but I think he thought I was ashamed to be seen with him.”
“I’m—” Sherlock paused to cough a bit more. “I’m fairly certain this isn’t how firefighters are meant to rescue civilians.” He was being carried bridal style rather than in the traditional firemen’s hold. It must have been highly against protocol.
Sherlock appeared not to have heard him at first, too fascinated with the anatomy of the unfortunate dead creature.
John looked confused for a moment before his anger-addled brain seemed to make the connection. “I called him. He’s on his way.” He stroked Sherlock’s hair. “Just rest for now, love. It’s going to be all right.”
Sherlock appreciated his gentle expression but didn’t exactly see how this was the time for looking like that. “You were shot, John. You went off to war, and you got shot, and you almost died.”
.  He suppressed a wince.  Yes, that would certainly not go over well, especially not when he was still uncertain of John’s interest in men.  At the game, it had definitely felt like John had been attracted to him, but he couldn’t guarantee that the man was comfortable enough with his sexuality to want to pursue anything.  Sherlock had gone down that path before, and he wasn’t keen on repeating those experiences.  “I just thought I needed a bit of fresh air.”  He remembered that John, too, was walking around the grounds on a Sunday evening.  “And what are you doing out here?”
Sherlock found himself blushing at that, grateful that Molly couldn’t see. “No,” he said, and then, “Well, maybe. It depends on what you qualify as…‘sex.’”
He took his time working Sherlock open. John was always deliberate in his preparation, waiting until Sherlock was just on the edge of begging before adding another finger, only brushing gently over his prostate once or twice the entire time, keeping him on edge. It ought to have been irritating, but it was somehow precisely what Sherlock needed in order to keep his mind from over-thinking the entire ordeal. In fact, with John’s four fingers now working inside of him, Sherlock was having a difficult time thinking at all, which was exactly what he wanted.
holding his hand. In public, no less. The night before, Sherlock had been thrilled that John had touched his hip when they were out in the open, but this—this was so much better.  This blurred the boundaries between strictly platonic and something more, and Sherlock knew that it was dangerous to allow it to continue.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, of course not,” he hurriedly clarified. “We established already that you were a soldier, but you’re clearly not in the military now. You don’t seem to have actually gone off to war, so something must have happened before you were sent abroad. The way you move—you favour your left shoulder. It’s clearly been injured, and given that I know you never made it off to war, the injury must have been severe enough to warrant invalidation. Being shot in the left shoulder would fit, then.” He waited for a moment, but John didn’t reply automatically. “Was I right?”
They had been dating for a little over a month when Sherlock brought it up again. He was fairly certain that their relationship was going well. John hadn’t left in a fit of terror at discovering the eyeballs in the microwave, nor had his sexual desire for Sherlock diminished at all, as evidenced by the fact that they slept together at least four times a week. As of yet, Sherlock hadn’t managed to screw it all up. It seemed like the perfect time to call John’s attention to the fact that, in spite of their prospering relationship, John still hadn’t moved all his things over to Baker Street.
There was a bit of a pause after that, but John was growing more confident that Sherlock would eventually respond. He hadn’t told John to piss off yet, after all.
Sherlock merely shrugged, not quite looking at her.  He shouldn’t have even been upset about it. After all, it wasn’t as if John had promised him anything.  The perceived flirting Sherlock had picked up on was likely John’s natural friendliness coming out.  They had only been in contact with one another for about a week.  No strong attachment should have been formed in such a short span of time.
“You and I are just friends,” Molly told him softly, “and I’ve never seen you look at me like that.  Even when I was mad about you, you never looked at me like that.”  Her smile turned wistful for a moment, and he opened his mouth to say something—apologise maybe—but she held up a hand, cutting him off. “It’s fine, really. I’m definitely over that. I’m just saying.” She shrugged.
He suddenly found that he was very close to John.  Feeling bold, he glanced down at John’s lips. So close.  He could feel John’s breath on his chin.  He leaned down ever so slightly, bringing them even closer. His eyes were just starting to fall shut when John stepped away.  Sherlock immediately felt cold air step into the space between them.  He blinked, took a half step back.  He didn’t understand.  It had felt like they were about to kiss.  He had been so sure of it.  Was this merely another situation where he misread John?
The entire flat had fallen deathly silent, which was perhaps fitting given the dead body sitting on the sofa. Sherlock’s elated mood stuttered as he realised that now all eyes were on him. He normally relished that feeling, but there was so much shock in everyone’s expressions as to make being the center of attention somewhat less appealing. Sherlock glanced over at John, seeking help from him. John was smiling at him, licking his lips, and
They lapsed into a comfortable silence.  Sherlock found it difficult to eat with his stomach in knots, but he made an attempt all the same.  He actually managed to work through about half of his pasta, which was far more than he had expected to eat.  The entire time, John’s hand remained on his, and Sherlock tried to pretend that his palms were sweaty for an entirely different reason.  John only removed his hand when the bill arrived. He insisted on paying for Sherlock’s portion as well (“It wouldn’t be a proper date if I made you pay”), and Sherlock was so thrilled at the gesture that he didn’t bother to argue.
John smiled, and Sherlock imagined that he looked charmed, although that could have merely been wishful thinking. “Give me a call the next time something breaks.” And he patted Sherlock on the cheek.
the one taking ridiculous risks? You’re in Afghanistan right now, John. You can’t exactly lecture me about the importance of safety when you’re in imminent danger of being shot or blown up at any given moment.
And—for reasons entirely unrelated to John—he began looking around the room at his furniture, wondering what, if broken, would require a repairman’s assistance.
John looked momentarily ashamed at being caught out, but even that wasn’t enough to take away his smile. He’d smiled essentially the entire time he’d been there. He’d even been smiling as he’d told Sherlock off that first night for being such a prat about picking him up from the airport. For a man who clearly had a bit of a temper, John seemed to be in remarkably good spirits now that he was no longer at war, at least for the time being. Sherlock would need to make a note to bring that up toward the end of John’s scheduled tour to discourage him from signing up for another one.
And that was how he found himself at Grayson’s Public House, an apparently popular haunt among military men on leave. It hadn’t taken long to locate Gash, singing drunkenly on top of a table toward the rear, and it took only slightly longer for Sherlock to disappointingly work out that this idiot was not involved in any elaborate bank heist. He was hiding infidelity at most. Sherlock had sullenly pulled his phone out to text Ms. Short the news when he caught sight of another soldier standing a short distance away with a few of his mates.
The following day at school, someone called Sherlock gay. He was, so he didn’t deny it, but he saw the look on Victor’s face as it was said.  There was shock in his expression, as if he hadn’t expected anyone to come right out and say it.
They spent nearly an hour in each other’s presence in absolute silence, merely working opposite one another and occasionally passing smiles across the table.  Sherlock had estimated that he would only need ten minutes to get the information he needed, but he simply kept re-writing it over and over and over again to give himself something to do.  He would have simply left and promised to see John later, but he was still confused as to what was happening here.
They looked at one another for a moment longer before their giddiness got the better of them, and they dissolved into a fit of giggles.
John smiled down at his phone. Deduction. He was pretty sure that meant it was just an educated guess, but he didn’t press the issue. Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he could see Stamford glancing over at him, but he didn’t bother to look up, figuring that Stamford probably thought he was just texting a new romantic interest. John tried not to think about the validity of that assumption.
John didn’t realise until much later that he’d left his cane behind on the bank of the river, where it was swept away in the current.
John knew that he couldn’t simply keep hoping for Sherlock to change their mind. If he asked them to stay, Sherlock would just think him weak. This was probably how their trysts ended on their home planet. One party grew bored or decided the arrangement wasn’t beneficial, and the other party wasn’t invested enough to care that it was ending. John felt rather bitter imagining Sherlock just tossing him aside like all of their past lovers.
The group split up into two smaller parties out in the forest. With no other way of communicating, they exchanged occasional hoots as they progressed along different trails.
Sherlock popped his head up after a short while, his hair soft and frizzy, his eyes groggy with sleep but still somehow bright with concern. He studied John for a long moment, and John wasn’t entirely sure what he was looking for. There was a pinched frown on his lips, as if preparing himself for disappointment. John might have been worried that he was unwelcome in Sherlock’s bed, but the man was still clinging to him. Eventually, Sherlock seemed to relax, and his frown softened into something else entirely.
When he arrived at the scene, there was already smoke billowing out of the second floor windows. It was pouring rain, and he deigned to think that perhaps the water would make the fire slower to progress. His coat and scarf were utterly soaked within seconds of arriving. No firefighters were on the scene yet, though Sherlock suspected that his cabbie was going to call it in. He didn’t wait around to confirm that, though. If the fire had just started, then it was entirely possible that the victim was still alive in there.
are you making me food?” John looked around them at the flat. “Christ, this place is spotless. It’s not supposed to be spotless. Where are all of your experiments? Why is there only
Fuck, they really were coming in, and then they would see him with Sherlock, and they would insist on sitting with them, and then this nice little private moment would be shattered by embarrassing idiots who called themselves his friends. John couldn’t risk them making him seem less cool in front of the man he was trying to woo. Christ, this was a disaster.
The pause was so long that John actually considered trying to start up a conversation with someone else in order to pass the time, but he ultimately couldn’t bring himself to do so. There was something about SH—perhaps it was the anonymity and inherent danger in that, or perhaps it was the deductions themselves—that made him far more interesting than anyone else in John’s address book. He figured that he would be just as bored texting anyone else he knew as he would be if he simply sat there in silence and watched his teammates bond with the other couples at the table.
Even though John had essentially been calling him those sweet names non-stop, nothing additional had happened between them, not even when John had brought dinner over for them both last time. They had merely eaten together quickly on the sofa before John set to work on sweeping up the shards of ceramic on his kitchen floor. Because neither of them were keen on talking about whatever this was, it seemed to Sherlock that the intimacy was just going to be slowly increased until—well, until
John walked up the stairs, and Sherlock stood in the sitting room, hands clasped behind his back, ready to present the problem to John.
Sherlock ordered a glass of rosé, and when John laughed at him, he muttered, “I have to make sure that I look gay enough for our killer.” And while that was true, he also knew that pink drinks generally tasted better than all other kinds.
He pushed himself into a sitting position and took a moment to simply rub at his temples, hoping to rid himself of the headache he could feel lurking there.  When he looked around the room—fully determined to commit it to memory in case he was never invited back—he discovered a folded piece of paper perched on the coffee table.
After they had both changed, John into a jumper and jeans he’d owned for ages and Sherlock into a well-fitting suit that Mycroft had apparently purchased for them, John took Sherlock out to the closest available park. It was a pleasantly warm day outside, the sun shining, a gentle breeze rolling through, and John was confident that both bees and dogs would be in abundance in the park. God, he couldn’t wait until he saw Sherlock’s face when they finally laid eyes on the creatures they so loved. Their walk to the park was a quiet one. It had been a long time since John had been back home, but this was Sherlock’s first time ever in a major city, and their eyes were darting around, taking in all that there was to see in this metropolis. John admired how they were able to become so absorbed in observing London while still maintaining their outwardly human appearance, and he fell a little bit more in love.
Sherlock scoffed, as if it was ridiculous to assume that he was anxious in any way, and made a conscious effort after that to appear outwardly unaffected.
The following day, Lestrade texted with a case. An interesting one, too. Sherlock simply couldn’t pass it up. John had laughed at him over breakfast, saying, “You’re cute when you’re excited about a case.” After that, Sherlock had forgotten about the investigation for half an hour while he kissed John sweetly for the compliment.
“Bye,” John said, waving with the hand holding his wrench. Sherlock wasn’t sure if John did that merely by accident or if it had been done as some sort of threat.
Sherlock took John’s face in his hand and pressed a firm kiss to his lips. “If you aren’t thinking about having sex with me, then you’re thinking about the wrong thing,” he said, and John just adored how he seemed to be growing more comfortable in their arrangement, how he was confident enough now to say things like that, how even after seeming so vulnerable mere moments before he was opening himself up to John.
Sherlock groaned from where he stood on the steps, almost inside his own flat but seemingly unwilling to abandon John. Kind of him, that. “I’ve told you a million times, Mrs. Hudson. I don’t have
as the creepy one talking to a very clever kid. Christ, what if he was in secondary school? John felt terrible.
Howlers sounded in the distance, and Sherlock’s antennae immediately flicked in that direction. John found that he didn’t like when Sherlock’s attention was diverted away from him. He told himself that he was merely worried that he would lose this opportunity to talk to an actual extraterrestrial being because they’d run off again to chase after howlers. He was by no means jealous of a monkey. That would be ridiculous.
By nightfall, he had ended up back at the fields.  He stood there for a bit, recalling how John had looked during the match.  Sherlock would accompany Molly to as many rugby games as she wanted, he decided.  He was just about to turn and walk back to his room when he heard a voice behind him.
When there was no more stalling to do, Sherlock stood from the sofa and pulled out his wallet. “How much do I owe you?” he asked, determined to actually pay this time.
Sherlock wasn’t even sure what else there was to try.  “Surprise me,” he ended up saying, because he trusted John’s judgment far more than his own at that point.
Only when he’d handed the empty glass back to John did he speak. “Was that man the killer?” he asked.
Sherlock wasn’t sure whether or not he should laugh or cry hearing about that. He’d been doing so much crying lately that he wasn’t sure he’d have any tears left at that point anyway.
“Calm down,” Lestrade said, trying to be the reasonable adult in this situation. “It’s not his fault you were cheating on Katie.”
The two of them seemingly couldn’t stop smiling throughout the duration of the cab ride. It was ridiculous being this giddy during a date. John wondered if Sherlock had ever felt like this before, but he wasn’t sure he wanted the answer to that.
It's safe to say that this is going to be following the female model.  I can never deal with angst for very long, so whenever it shows up, it's always dealt with fairly quickly, so rest assured that there will be more minor angst in the future as well as thorough resolutions to all of it.
In the end, he nearly tripped over her. With his eyes as watery as they were, it was slightly more difficult to see than he’d anticipated. She appeared to be barely conscious, bound and gagged just like the previous victims. He dropped to his knees beside her without a second thought, pulling the gag from her mouth and untying the restraints around her wrists.
. And at that point it was out there. There was another long pause, because now Sherlock knew for sure that John wanted this to be a proper date, the suggestion of intimacy getting increasingly evident, and he was stating it from the beginning so as not to give off the wrong impression again.
When Sherlock showed up at a similar scene three days later, it was Lestrade who greeted him rather than a group of firemen. He pushed away any lingering disappointment.
John snorted. “I’m not sure we’ll be able to spend a day apart at this point. We’ll have to work up to a week.”
That did it. Sherlock was still tense, and he didn’t look up, but he did sigh, and after a moment longer, he spoke. “I find military men attractive for a number of reasons. It’s a dangerous profession, which makes them moderately quick on their feet, resourceful, and strong. I like all of that.” He lifted his head at last and made eye contact with John. “But, with you—well, it’s easy to adore military men from a distance, but it’s decidedly harder to cope with the danger of it when you’re fond of one of them.”
, so he wasn’t sure if the same rules still applied.  “I mean, he did hold my hand, and when I tried to move it to cover up the marks on my neck, he told me he liked my hand where it was and that being marked up was a good look on me.”  Sherlock felt a bit lost as he recreated that scene.  Had that actually happened?  Of course it had; he had been present for it, and he remembered it perfectly. Still, it felt surreal to be saying it aloud.
low,” John said once he’d arrived. He stood in Sherlock’s shower, straining up to fiddle with the showerhead.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the radio as if trying to glare at the man through the device. “Fine. Perhaps a demonstration is in order. Your ‘boys’ here called you ‘Captain,’ but that’s not an official ranking in the London Fire Brigade. Everything about their posture indicates military career. They’re standing at parade rest right now.” He cast a pointed glance to the men before him, and they shuffled uncomfortably out of their rigid stances. “You served with them, then, and you were their captain. You’re clearly still ranked above these men out here even in your current career, or they wouldn’t persist in using your army ranking to refer to you. How’s that? Impressed,
[3:23AM] Because he’s making you repeat yourself, and you hate repeating yourself, and he’s told you a lie that’s made you have a panic attack. JW
God, they were gorgeous. Their cock was smaller and slenderer than John’s was but otherwise looked very similar. Their lower half appeared to be almost entirely devoid of hair beyond some light fuzz, and the lack of pubic hair made Sherlock’s erection even more prominent.
Sherlock later wondered if that was the moment Victor realised that his own sexuality might come under the same scrutiny.
They suited up for a trip out into the forest and headed out. They didn’t talk much, but that was fine. The silence between them felt almost companionable again, rather than the tension it had been taking on recently.
Sarah—the pretty female researcher—was chatting with John about what she was going to do when she returned to London when their group was stopped by the sound of two hoots in quick succession.
