“Thor can tell you more about what he likes when it’s his turn, but suffice to say bondage is a pretty big part of this whole thing for him. He wears wrist cuffs during the day when he doesn’t have time to go down but needs something to anchor him.” Clint buckled them around Tony’s wrists with the competent ease of someone who knows his tools inside and out. But then, rather than securing them to anything else, he set Tony’s hands back against his thighs.
I think that's the only thing requiring warning, but as always let me know if you have any questions or concerns!
“I know he doesn’t need it for his health anymore, but I still don’t like the image of just placing it  on a random piece of furniture when he hands it to us.” Steve peered again at the half-shaped wood next to the reactor, and arched a brow. It was taking the shape of a square, he thought, and one far larger than the reactor alone would require. Then he looked back at Natasha, who quickly averted her gaze. The other shoe dropped. “This is supposed to hold a collar, isn’t it?”
The problem was he had no idea what on Earth Thor would be seeking him out like this for. He cast his mind back to their recent battles, but other than a bit of distraction while they’d rounded up the intergalactic zoo (which had definitely been more charming than anything else), Steve couldn’t think of a thing he’d done wrong. Plus Phil would have mentioned something like that after concluding debriefs with them all. And outside of battle, Thor had been nothing but his kind and gregarious self, if a little subdued recently.
Tony banged his head against the heavily reinforced glass window of the workshop. Or rather, he tried; just as his forehead was about to connect, his wheeling chair was suddenly yanked backwards. The suddenness and force of the motion sent him sprawling onto the floor, and he found himself looking up at a looming claw. Dummy beeped smugly.
Steve wonders if this is what it feels like to be addicted to something. He loves both Bucky and Sam more than just about anyone. He’d been looking forward to their visit to the compound for weeks. But now he feels trapped, ready to strike out at either of them if it will get him out of this room faster.
, he thought viciously. He hoped every word was agony.) “A man’s supposed to know when it’s his time to die, Stark. But you just won’t, will ya? Gotta keep rising up out of them ashes like that damn bird you were always on about—”
“You’ve had a good few days. I really am very pleased with your progress.” He nodded in fervent agreement, but even as he did he recognized something. Domen’s was using the same conciliatory tone that SHIELD agents used when they were in the midst of a situation that might turn volatile at any point. (He knew that tone. Hell, he
“JARVIS? Can you put on Lizzo or something?” he asked after they were closing in on the second hour of loud guitar solos. This request, which the AI immediately fulfilled, did cause some grumbling from Tony’s side of the lab. Seeing Iron Man tap his foot to the beat of ‘Good as Hell’ while triumphantly grabbing a returned boomerang arrow out of the air was entirely worth it, though.
Ah, emotions. I knew we would arrive here eventually. I suppose I have had a break from these types of inquiries as of late, so I shall answer with good grace.
Steve had been furious. The kind of anger that made the people around him start worrying aloud about the structural integrity of SHIELD HQ. Natasha had tried to sell it as a victory.
But for the other Tony, the daily practices—the rituals, the boundaries, the guidance—they had been just as meaningful, maybe moreso, than the other aspects of his submission. This Tony might not be working with the biological imperatives, but from everything Steve knew of the man there was a good chance he felt utterly adrift without any integration of that newly-discovered side of himself into the rest of his life.
“I’ll deal with all of that tomorrow. There’s no use in filling any of it in until we find out if Taskmaster is willing to talk or not. SHIELD has our best people in with him now.” Coulson did not sound optimistic, and Tony didn’t blame him. He had never dealt directly with mercenaries (even during the heyday of SI’s weapons contracting Tony had had
Tony had quickly became a staple in SHIELD HQ. In the span of just over a week he had charmed Steve’s assistant, wormed his way into the R&D Department to provide both welcome and unwelcome suggestions about their tech development, and fortified the security of their networks. And those were only the things Steve knew about.
“I just…I mean, they just let her on the team, after that?” Cap confirmed. Natasha had, mercifully, changed the subject a few seconds later, but it had taken an entire hour for Rogers’ fists to unclench. And he wasn’t the only one who seemed pissed off, either.
Ugh, Stark and feelings. My least favourite combination of words. Now, to your question: my impression is that Stark had feelings for Rogers early on in their relationship, but that they were largely nullified by the events of the Civil War. He believed Rogers to have chosen James Barnes over himself in every possible way, so any romantic interest in the man was, while not immediately banished, certainly tainted.
, Stevie. This is the same thing I’ve been telling you for weeks now. The two of you are like fucking magnets, can’t stay away from each other even when you’re running your mouth about distance and being ‘just friends.’ Look at right now! You’re telling us you want to stay out of that part of our lives with him, yet you’re constantly giving us input about how to be better Doms for Tony. You couldn’t mind your own business about it if you tried.”
“When you said you’d stolen booze I assumed you had raided the wine cellar or something. What even is this writing?”
Thor abandoned his previous pursuits entirely in favour of striding across the room and coming to kneel in front of Tony.
“I—I kept information from you. I almost ended our relationship based on assumptions that weren’t—weren’t accurate, fucking
“No,” Steve agreed quickly, before the kid could get himself worked up again. “I don’t get to feel better, not about him. But I loved him and he loved you, so you’re stuck with me until I don’t think you’re at risk of going all supervillain. Or worse…Captain America.” Peter snorted.
This was about the point where Tony really lost it. Other than his impulsive question to Bucky that day, he’d mostly given up on the prospect of marriage. The collar would have been enough. It seemed to symbolize everything that marriage did to most people in this universe anyway, and he appreciated the ways it would also serve as a celebration and recognition of his submission, which he had worked damn hard to achieve and accept. Sure, a small part of him had mourned never getting to tie himself to his partners in the way he would have in his own universe, but it had seemed a small price to pay. At least until Bucky was kneeling before Tony and offering him a ring.
Tony’s brain was too used to needing to process trauma while remaining at least semi-functional to permit him to totally disassociate after watching the kids in the lab. He remembered half-walking, half-stumbling, blinded by tears and grief, back to the penthouse. Rhodey hadn’t needed to fully support his weight, because thank fucking Christ Tony wasn’t doing something as humiliating as fainting, but he’d kept a solid grip on Tony’s elbow, guiding him through the Tower as if he might get lost otherwise. (He’d wondered in a sort of absent way if it did feel that way—if Rhodey, like Bruce, feared this version of Tony just fading away.) Pepper had been uncharacteristically quiet for the trip, though when they’d actually made it back into the penthouse bedroom she took over. She had maneuvered Tony to sit on the edge of the bed, then kicked off her heels and knelt down in front of him. The position made him feel oddly child-like, and when she reached out to cup his damp cheek in her palm he’d almost broken down all over again.
Peter arrives at the Tower early for his lab time with Tony by almost half an hour. This happens with disturbing frequency, because the MTA’s favourite little joke is for the trains to run perfectly only when you’re not in an enormous hurry. Normally, he’s happy to wander Midtown until closer to their meeting. This is always a fraught thing, mainly because money was so tight for so long that wandering past bakeries that charge $13 for a narrow wedge of cheesecake always makes Peter acutely aware of the vast chasm separating him from the likes of Tony Stark.
“That collar was destroyed in battle, and what was left of it was buried in a private memorial. After my team and I have had time to re-familiarize ourselves with one another I certainly hope to be gifted with another, but that isn’t something any of us want to rush.” Another silence, this time solemn and accompanied by many bowed heads, fell. This turned out to be convenient on a number of levels, because it allowed Pepper to smoothly step up to the podium to wrap things up, and it gave Tony a few seconds to recover from the realization of how sincerely he’d felt in the moment when he’d hoped aloud for their collar. (Clearly he'd gotten a little too into his role, here.)
Ah, excellent. Another question rooted in science and reasoning. Sub-drop in the D/s universe is fairly similar to that of the so-called MCU. Endorphins play a huge role in both; the corresponding physical symptoms of a sharp endorphin crash (decrease in body temperature, tremors, and feelings of fatigue) are thus common indicators of subdrop in both universes.
“Sorry ‘bout him. You know he loves you, right? Even if you were supposed to wait on our floor this morning and not break into the penthouse.” Without even giving Tony a second to digest the startling news that Tony’s bot apparently hangs out on his and Rogers’ floor, Barnes turned to Tony next. His face and his eyes still bore hints of the traumas he’d endured as the Winter Soldier. But this universe had been decidedly kinder to this Barnes than to his counterpart in Tony’s universe; he definitely had way more laugh and smile lines, not to mention a metal arm that did not look Wakandan. It looked like Tony’s own work, actually, which was more than a touch disconcerting. (Had other-Tony known what the Winter Soldier had done to his parents with the old one when he’d replaced it?) “That damned idiot was chomping at the bit to give this to you all morning and then—’m not making excuses or apologies on his behalf, but he’s been a real mess since…y’know. And that was our Tony’s favourite shirt. But the damn punk never shoulda used
this?” Tony demanded, unable to keep the question back any more. “Honeybear? If you’re not in War Machine where—”
, a category-9 Dominant, handed the reigns of SHIELD over to Captain Rogers in the wake of project insight. His current whereabouts are unknown to most.
A couple of pretty big content notes here: Bruce asks Tony some questions in this chapter about what's going on with food. He is not shaming Tony, nor does he try to force him to eat or do anything that could make the problems worse, but it's not an easy conversation for either of them. If you need to skip that bit, stop reading at "Question for a question, Tony?" and pick up again after the section break. There are also spoilers for the Endgame trailer in that section as well, so if you're avoiding those, I'd also suggest giving it a miss.
With how smoothly and slowly Steve had brought him down into headspace paired with his Dom’s brief struggle against his own drop, Tony hadn’t anticipated wanting or needing much in the way of aftercare. To some degree that expectation was true; he didn’t (thank all the science Gods) stay down for as long as he had following some of the other scenes, or lose touch with basic facilities like talking and eating on his own. The shorter duration did not, however, make Steve’s solo version of aftercare any less intense. It was more like a particularly concentrated drink, something so powerful that you couldn’t possibly take much of it for too long.
The rest of the elevator ride down Peter considered the rather staggering scope of this undertaking. It was little wonder that Tony never seemed to sit still. Hell, it was beginning to amaze Peter that the man ever got any sleep at all. Compared to trying to outfit an entire building full of highly specialized talent with everything they needed, the prospect of meeting a room full of other kids suddenly felt far less daunting.
“No, Sir.” Any other time, that would have been the end of the conversation. Childishly, he wished he could put his hands over his ears in anticipation of what was coming.
Coulson was using his most vicious tone, the one that promised severe retribution under a veneer of bored, bureaucratic disinterest. On its own that voice was usually enough to get Agents confessing their darkest secrets and offering their most sincere repentances. Talia didn’t bat so much an eyelash.
“Fine, sir.” There were a few beats of silence as Morita waited for him to continue, but Peter was feeling just stubborn enough to wait it out today. His eyes wandered to a framed medall on a shelf behind the principal’s desk; the insignia looked vaguely familiar, though he couldn’t quite place it.
that? Are you…you’re not, like, collecting powered kids or something, right? Because that would be messed up.”
The others were stunned, neck-deep in grief and guilt and whatever else they’d all grown to feel about the new Tony. (The first Steve was right there with them.) Oddly enough, though, the second variation of Steve proved the most useful out of everyone involved in this particular situation. He was the only one capable of focusing on the strategic and the practical, on what needed to happen next instead of what had occurred hours before.
The portal itself was soundless; the almighty crash was the result of what followed, which was a body tumbling out of said portal and almost directly into Phil’s lap.
For the length of just a few moments, a want that bordered on greed covered Peter’s face as plain as day. The kid wanted to be here, of that Steve was certain. Peter wanted to believe in everything Tony was offering, and carefully not offering, not yet anyway. He was absolutely aching for someone to believe in him and protect him the way Tony already was. Steve ached for them both, even as he was not entirely surprised when Peter shook his head with clear regret.
now?” Tony demanded, rising to his feet and tossing aside a string of silver garland. Drama immediately got into a tug of war with Dummy over it.
.” Tony didn’t know what he was begging for, whether it was for his Dominant’s touch, or the absence of it, or for his silence; it all felt wrapped up together, his desperation to come, to
It had been a harrowing night, and Steve still felt wrung out as more and more of the adrenaline left his system. Strangely it was also probably the happiest he had been in recent memory, sitting and doing nothing with several of the people he loved best in the world.
“I needed…that is, I just wanted to check in and see if you were alright.” Bucky’s narrowed gaze suggested very strongly that if Steve used this opportunity to avoid or otherwise reject Tony too thoroughly it would not end well for him. And he didn’t really want to push the other man away at all; how often had he been the one chasing after Tony following a mission gone wrong, trying to find an impossible balance between respecting his autonomy and wanting, needing, to ensure his safety and wellness? It was flattering to have Tony doing the same for him. But Dr. Dolan had also told Steve more than once that to be clear was to be kind. So he stood up and smiled even as he deliberately put some physical distance between them by heading for the kitchen.
. Okay, like, tomorrow we are doing some espionage lessons, you understand me? Because there’s working with the familiar and then there’s—seriously, Tony, Captain Stevens? Tell me you’re kidding. Please. For my sanity, tell me you’re kidding. Aww, Tony, no.”
“You’re not the first to try to make that argument,” Phil volleyed back. “Now, to business. I’m going to have JARVIS pull up a projection of the exploratory contract you filled out when we started all of this. I’d like you to take some time to review it, with the knowledge and experience you have now. You’re welcome to note any changes you’d like to make as you go, but mostly I’d like you to focus on a couple of specific things: try to identify a specific kink, dynamic or tool that has been your favourite thus far, which has been your least favourite, and one that you haven’t yet explored you are most interested in or excited about. The latter will be the basis of your scene this afternoon, so do put some thought into it, and of course any elaboration you can give us about the choices you make int any of the categories is going to be useful.”
“Tony, there are hundreds of people in this building, maybe into the low thousands if no one is working from home today. We’d need to rent a conference space, or—“
Fittingly, it took another of those contributions, Howard’s only son and heir Tony, to decisively shift the public’s understanding. In a press conference Tuesday, Tony Stark revealed that his father had been the ringleader of a cover-up designed to avoid the startling revelation that the eight hour work day (which has, if anything, been officially and unofficially extended since the study was conducted) is too long for employees to spend outside of orientation headspace.
For several long seconds, he stood frozen in place as his system warred between grief and arousal and anger. Everything in him ached to open the door between them, to witness Tony in the midst of passion again. His back always made that perfect little arch right before he came, and his thighs trembled so hard that sometimes they ached afterward, especially if Steve had dragged more than one orgasm out of him, or kept him on the edge for long stretches.
“Yes,” said Coulson, sitting up straighter in his seat, his jaw set in a firm line. “And now we need you.” Now it was Steve’s turned for stunned silence, and for a hefty dose of gaze avoidance. He stared at the wall behind Coulson.
Thank you so much as always for the comments, kudos, and questions. You're brilliant and wonderful and I am supremely lucky to get to chat with you every week.
Steve was used to seeing Thor in flight. It was always the most otherworldly that Thor looked; it was easy to forget the man wasn’t human when he was stuffing multiple pop-tarts in his mouth at once or arguing with Clint about Mario Kart, but there was no way to witness the seemingly effortless ease with which Thor pierced through sky and cloud and not realize in your bones that he was not, and could never be, fully human.
The absurdity of it alone should have made the scene laughable, but it was shockingly easy to pretend it was true, to imagine making a job out of keeping the team’s home for them. Hell, in some ways it was a simple extension of what he’d always done. He’d been cautiously thrilled when the other version of the team had seemed poised to move in to the Tower, which he’d quickly renamed in their honour and gutted to design personalized floors most of them had rarely used. Here, though, the team actually cared about that kind of thing, valued all of the small things Tony did to try to make them comfortable and happy. In reality, that on its own would probably never be enough to fully occupy a mind like his, but he was more than happy to sink into the fantasy: living the life of a pampered, slightly spoiled but beloved pet, waiting for his lovers to get home at the end of a long day.
“You could Ask Strange,” Rhodes suggested. “He should have enough of a sense of the other universe to give us the basics, and his counterpart kind of owes Tony.” Clint sighed loudly and heavily, which seemed both overdramatic and slightly unfair to Phil given that they were all working hard to arrive at a solution to this newest wrinkle.
“I mean, he’s struggling, of course. But it’s good that he’s here, away from the press and all of that. He’ll adjust.”
Coulson minimized the other screens, spreading those in the SWORD (ugh) pile apart so each was individually visible.
But then I get the chance to work on this story, and to talk about it with all of you wonderful folks, and the world seems just a little brighter for a while. Thank you so much to those of you making time to read, comment on, kudos, and #AskStrange about this story during such a difficult moment. I appreciate and adore you all, and hope you're staying safe and well.
“That’s nice, sweetheart, that’s so nice. You look so lovely there on your knees for me. Those pretty pouty lips of yours are practically made for this. Love seeing them stretched around me.” Tony hummed in agreement, imagination already offering him scene after scene of blowing Phil everywhere: their beds, Phil’s office, in front of the entire team…the last made him shudder and reach reflexively down for his cock. “Oh I don’t think so, no. Bruce told us all what a good boy you’re being about orgasms, how much you like waiting until you’re given permission. You’ll hold off until I tell you.”
“Not that I know of,” Tony assured him, unable to stop himself from reaching out to squeeze Steve’s hand. “I think it’s done with me as long as I don’t mess with it. And I think—well, it’s just a guess, all based on magical bullshit, but I think I wound up here because of the stone. It gave me a chance, somehow, to start over.”
“Might we return to our original topic? Unless I am much mistaken I do not believe you were about to refuse our advances altogether, my friend, and I confess that I would very much like to hear more about your concerns so we might make plans to alleviate them.”
But even if that kind of avoidance had been possible before, it simply wasn’t an option any longer. Not with subtonin now in Tony’s system, making his body as well as his mind feel the stress and guilt of unresolved issues. He took one last, long drink of his coffee and turned his attention to his submissive, who sat up straighter as if his body, at least, anticipated what was coming.
“I think we know almost nothing about how the Infinity War ended in Tony’s universe. Nothing except that when he first arrived here he thought himself to be dead, and believed me to be some kind of guide through the afterlife. And I am correct in believing that the wound in his side was not severe enough to substantiate this conjecture, no?” Bruce shook his head definitively.
“You can still have that,” Steve said, voice tight and ravaged with desperation and regret. “You never have to step foot in the armour again. We can protect you, we can—” Tony pressed a kiss just behind Steve’s right ear, and then another on the opposite side.
As always, if you have questions or concerns before or after reading, you can always feel free to let me know.
Tony had  diagnosed a few weeks ago, after his innocent question about Sam’s whereabouts had prompted a lengthy explanation on Steve’s part. He'd been ashamed, then, to realize just how right Tony was, how small everyone (but especially Steve) had let their social circles get. It was easy to be encompassed by a relationship as large and complicated as theirs was, but none of them had ever intended for it to be all they had.
“Mine lover. Sleep still eludes you?” His own version of Thor had mostly grown out of speaking like he came out of an eighteenth century novel, and while hearing the guy talk about yeeting his hammer had been charming in its own way, it always felt weirdly nostalgic to hear the Thor of this universe. It also made it hard to be bitingly sarcastic toward the guy, even when he was managing it with the rest of the team just fine. He nodded, gesturing to the holographic screen floating near his left hand.
pointless, but Tony loved the little games he’d put into the house system, and it might be nice for Thor and Steve and Bucky, all of whom had to carefully modulate their strength during games, not to have to worry about popping the ball or hitting it too hard at another person for once.
It hurts more than it should. Oh, he and Bucky bicker almost constantly, and occasionally one of their barbs cuts a little closer than intended. This isn’t that. This is Bucky on the attack, out to wound, trying to draw blood, tear through muscle and bone. Ironically, Sam has never faced down this version of the man before. He’s seen it, mostly in the days after Steve’s near-departure to the past when Bucky had been snapping at almost everyone but Sam. He’d thought it had meant something then, that he’d been the sole exception to Bucky’s wrath.
Something about Masdee’s words stuck with him all through the rest of the day and into the evening. He caught Tony looking at him curiously a few times throughout the television they watched after dinner (some kind of psuedo reality-show about a divorced couple that fell in love again during the process of flipping a house), and was not entirely surprised when he stayed behind after everyone but the two of them had trailed off to bed.
“Peter, why do you think I asked you to come stay here? What is it you think I’ve been trying to do since Tony died?”
Peter grunted something intended to be an agreement, but which sounded more to his own ears like a cat bringing up a hairball. He watched the person—girl, Tony had said—soar through the air. Her webs were definitely similar to his own, though the compound had some slight differences. Hers appeared to be heavier. She’d probably been going for safety, trying to ensure it stuck harder so she didn’t risk falling, but it sometimes created a drag that cost her valuable seconds, especially when she turned corners or changed direction suddenly. The latter was the case now, as she narrowly dodged a sudden sea of arrows launched by a girl in purple.
The gym, Tony realized with a start strong enough to temporarily derail his train of resentment and bitterness, was moving. The entire room was resetting itself. The obstacle course had vanished, leaving the space ominously bare. The soft padding of the walls was replaced by a secondary reinforcement wall; it hit the ground with a thud so loud that Tony could tell without bothering to inspect the thing that it was adamantium, which—well, the only place Tony himself had ever bothered to reinforce to that degree was...
“Do you need to use your safeword? Or your yellow?” Tony should his head quickly. “Alright. Then I’ll remind you again that I enjoy the handfeeding, and the fact that you’ve granted me some say in your diet in general. It makes me feel useful and necessary to provide such an immediate set of needs, and to be helping you chip away at a much larger set of issues. This isn’t something to be ashamed of. You’re being so, so good for me—no, sweetheart, don’t shake your head. Please try to hear me, okay? This kind of submission isn’t easy, not by a long shot. You’re being incredibly brave and open and giving of yourself, and I’m not going to let anyone, including you, make that into anything less remarkable than it is.”
The bots educate Tony about a time-honoured tradition in their version of the Tower. Steve begins to realize that his time left in Wakanda is limited.
“The Howard in this universe manipulated the Soul Stone too.” At once, the relieved jovial air was sucked from the room. Steve’s hand stiffened in Tony’s to the point of near pain, and then it dropped away altogether. “It wasn’t…he wasn’t like me. From what I can tell Howard and Maria Stark had no problems conceiving. But Howard’s feelings about orientation, I think they were way more intense than anyone realized. He considered the very idea of orientation, especially really intense Dom/sub bonds, repugnant—in his notes he called it the ‘triumph of base childish dependence over reason and strength.’ He found the stone when Maria was pregnant, but he didn’t seem to understand it half as well as the other version did, and he tried to use it to manipulate your—the other Tony’s orientation. From the very little I could dig up about what this means—Thor, buddy, I could probably use your help, I think most of what your Tony had on this came from you or your resources—his soul was damaged by the attempt. That’s why….that’s at least part of why his orientation was so hard for him to come to terms with, and it was probably the source of a lot of his emotional instability.”
Content Notes: Second response contains brief explicit representation of sex. Third contains Endgame spoilers (including the deleted scenes) and representation of perceived character death (including loss of parental figure.) Read carefully and with attention to your own triggers.
“I’m way too turned on to think strategically,” he declared, though Steve suspected it had a lot a more to do with knowing that his alternate self had played a role in bringing genuine harm to Tony. Bruce agreed to Hulk out, but his green counterpart had zero interest in sparring with Tony.
“Hey, Fareeda. You can kick things off if you go easy on me.” She grinned and stood, ignoring the jealous glares of her colleagues.
That sensory memory was enough to bring it all back. He was on the couch, and unless things had changed since last night, he wasn’t alone. Carefully, not wanting to be caught out if Rogers was already awake, Tony crooked an eye open and peered down at the other end of the couch. (Yep, that was one passed out super-soldier.) The TV was still going, playing the loop of Cap’s comfort-media that Tony vaguely remembered requesting JARVIS play once he was sure enough that Rogers wouldn’t hear him. It was quiet, but enough interference that Tony didn’t hear Natasha until he saw her step into his field of vision.
The thing that Tony had learned about starvation was that after a while, your body didn’t feel like it
No matter how many times Steve has reached out since learning of the AI’s existence, it’s a visceral relief every single time he receives a response. The longer he manages to make himself go without speaking to Tony, the more Steve convinces himself that he’ll vanish just as quickly and unexpectedly as he’d appeared. And then what the hell would Steve do? It’s been less than a week, and already he can’t imagine going back to a life without Tony’s voice, his mind, the way he always says and does the last thing Steve expects.
“I…I couldn’t do much, obviously. But JARVIS gave me some suggestions, and I tried my best. He seemed a little more stable by the time he finally dropped off to sleep, but I can’t be sure.” The frustration drained slowly from Nat’s expression and posture, leaving her standing in the middle of the room looking suddenly tired and small. (Natasha almost never actually looked even half as tiny as she was. It was one of the things Tony had always admired about her.)
“I…it’s Director Rogers, Sir. He’s.” Tony felt glued to his own chair. He should have pushed for more information about Taskmaster. He could have been more prepared, maybe delivered remote assistance the same way he had on the team’s last mission. Now something had happened to Steve and here Tony was, fucking useless in a conference room.
A sensible question about two people I happen to respect a great deal. Allow me to show you (this scene takes place in chapter 42, in between the conversation between Tony, Rhodey, Pepper, and the team and the following morning where we see Tony waking up) :
“This isn’t really my jam,” he said, waving lackadaisically at their surroundings. “Besides, I don’t have a scratch on me.” From his spot on the bed where Bruce was using a portable x-ray to scan his ankle to ensure he hadn’t reinjured it, Clint snorted.
This results in Tony asking for and eventually receiving a paddling. Natasha is very clear that she's not willing to punish him for her counter-part's death, only for his having withheld information directly relevant to their scene and his safety and wellness from her. That said, it's still a very intense scene.
The words set off a chain-reaction that brought every ongoing process to a stuttering halt, everything now devoted to processing a confusing string of mixed reactions—fear, arousal, and confusion all vied for top billing.
“We could just skip to the part where we beat you and you tell us who you’re working for,” he proposed, throwing an ugly elbow that was far more back alley Brooklyn than Captain America. Taskmaster howled in outrage as it connected, causing a shower of blood to seep from the nose-holes of his mask. “You know we always take it easier on you when it goes down that way.”
“As long as it’s only his policies.” Richards practically fell out of his chair fake-laughing at that one; Tony took a long sip of his drink with what he hoped came across like a secretive smile (rather than a contemptuous one.) “Any…adventures in particular that I should be trying to steer him clear of, for our benefit?”
Clint laid eyes on Natasha first. He made to rise up on unsteady legs, but she shook her head and joined him in kneeling instead. There were quiet gasps from several of the others, but everyone stayed where they were. There would be time for what little explanation she could offer later. Thanks to Tony, they had all the time in the world. (Of course it had been Tony. The one person Natasha had never been able to read correctly, the one who she’d made the mistake of disbelieving and underestimating time and again. The only one who had stayed at the compound with her when it had all fallen apart. She’d so rarely seen Tony clearly, but he’d always seen her, valued Natasha for precisely who and what she was. And now he’d gone and saved the universe, and made sure there would be a space for Natasha within it.)
Tony was doing so well with so many of the attempts the were making to work toward a 24/7 dynamic that it was almost easy to forget how new all of this was to him, and how difficult he found accepting the degree of care and attention he was now faced with on a daily basis.
“Yeah probably.” There was a quiet shuffling around that Tony didn’t bother paying much attention to as he rooted around in the fridge. (Was the leftover pizza in here three or five days old?) Then a claw nudged him in the side. “Hey, buddy. Just gimme a second.” Another nudge, this time accompanied by a very irritated beep. “Dummy, what—” He spun, midway through composing a mental rant promising to banish the bot to the island of misfit toys. Then he saw the box.
It wasn’t in Steve’s nature to stop. He pressed and badgered and pushed because that was the stubborn little punk he’d always been, according to Bucky at least. He barely knew how to stop, even when he knew he’d be risking everything. But then, he wouldn’t be the one taking on the risk in this instance. Natasha wasn’t scared for herself, she was protecting someone else, so maybe for now it could be enough to know that she
Content Notes: I don't think there's any content requiring a warning in this one, actually! Feel free to let me know if I'm wrong, though, or if you have any questions or concerns.
“You can’t touch anything for SI. When the board finds out about all of this they’re going to search for any sign at all that I knew before they did and didn’t inform them; there’s still a few members of the old guard who will never forgive me for not going back to weapons production and are always looking for opportunities to oust me now that y—he’s gone. A sudden increase in projects from R&D that could only have been made by you…I can’t chance it, I’m sorry.”
This might have been one of the plottiest chapters of anything I've ever written. Plot is hard, team! And so is stubborn, stubborn Steve Rogers. As always, I greatly welcome and treasure your comments, thoughts, and questions. (And please forgive me if there are more editing errors than normal: my kid and kittens are keeping me a bit extra sleep deprived these days. Adorable punks. I'll be back in to fix tany  over the next few days.)
No, he hadn’t quite known which of the options he’d wanted, but when he’d thought about the possibilities he’d definitely imagined them as a binary set. Nowhere in his mind had he really taken seriously the option that he could live for years, maybe decades, in this in-between state, belonging nowhere all while pretending to have Mark II’s sure, steady place in the world. (He hated the other man then with a jealousy even more intense than he’d felt after learning about Ultron. Sure the guy had had his struggles, but at least he’d known who he was supposed to be.)
“You…it helps with me, then, the same as if I were a real sub?” Tony asked, unable to entirely mask the hope and disbelief he felt. Bucky asked JARVIS to pause the movie, but didn’t shift so that he and Tony were eye-to-eye the way anyone else might have. He seemed to understand that sometimes Tony didn’t want to be seen, not all the way, and not in moments like this.
When Steve returned to find Tony curled up in all of his blankets like a burrito, he frowned and half-jogged his way to the bed.
“I have agents already on their way. They’ll handle it from here. You need to leave right now, I’m not joking. And don’t go home, either. Go right to the Tower, and have JARVIS engage blackout mode as soon as you’re through the doors.”
Thor always loved to feel the full extent of pretty much any bondage he was placed in, regardless of how elaborate or simple. On Asgard, orientation was typically classified not by Dom/Switch/sub, but by the strongest association each person had with a particular kink. Thor’s was, and had always been, bondage; it meant as much, if not more, to him than the sex itself, both from the giving and receiving sides of things.
Steve was damn near in love with Rhodes by the time lunch was over. He’d always liked the guy fine, of course, and he’d been excited, mainly for Tony’s sake, to see what he would bring to their dynamic. He just hadn’t expected to find himself caring so deeply and so quickly for the other man himself.
Absolutely no apologies are necessary, and you missed nothing! The decision for Stark to focus on submission during his D/s education was initially, as you noted, based on the fact of his needing to be able to convincingly perform the role in public. However, once the team decided to enter into a more genuine relationship, the decision to continue focusing on submission was mainly focused on the paperwork that he filled out. See below. (For reference, this vision takes place between chapters 20 and 21.)
“I know it’s pretty selfish, alright? And if there’s big, end of the world kind of stuff then of course I’d help out. And there’s still the Legion, and Ultron, and designing the team’s tech, there’s lots of ways I would still be around and making myself useful. I wouldn’t be your—your kept man or something. Look, can you just, move, or blink, or just say outright that you hate me or something?” Steve snorted.
What happened next could only charitably be called a hand job, given how short a time it was between’s Phil’s hand wrapping around Tony and him screaming his release. There was no room anywhere in Tony’s head for shame about that, though, no room for anything but contentment and Phil’s quiet words of praise and comfort.
“Yeah.” Recalling Bruce’s parting demand, that he tell the team if he needed or wanted anything in between the aftercare and their meeting, he grudgingly added, “Just. Maybe stay there while you tell me about this. For reasons. Who’s Jessica Drew?”
Some days, Tony slipped down into the daily submission like it was a particularly comfortable sweater or a perfectly-drawn bath. It enveloped him, kept him warm and comfortable and still while the world’s complexities grew simple and manageable. He didn’t have to do anything but what he was told in those moments, he was purposeless except for doing whatever it took to make his Dominants happy. On those days, they called him sweet and lovely, they pet his hair and fed him from their fingers and showered him with endless praise and affection.
“You are ours to protect now, mine Tony.” If Steve’s gentleness while he warmed Tony up had been difficult to bear, then Thor’s warm sincerity, his talk of
“Tony.” The submissive either didn’t hear or didn’t choose to leave the soft world created by Bucky’s voice, not until she repeated herself and Bucky closed the book with a snap. “The one you asked me to keep an eye on, he’s in the hospital. He should pull through, but the injuries…they’re pretty extensive. What do you want to do?”
“Stop backseat shooting and toss your damn frisbee!” Before Tony’s brain could really register everything that was utterly bizarre about this scenario, a version of Steve’s shield (lighter than the original—a vibranium alloy rather than the real thing) went flying past his head and collided with Thor. It actually managed to connect with the demigod, less, Tony suspected, because Clint had really mastered throwing the thing and more because Thor was busy attempting to make the Widow’s Bites on his wrist function.He had the gloves and gauntlets on correctly (though the gloves looked about a second from tearing at the seams), but Thor couldn’t seem to sort out how to charge the weapons.
Tony talked to himself pretty much constantly when he worked. Half the time he didn’t know what he thought until he was working it out aloud; occasionally he had Bruce to bounce ideas off of, and back in college Rhodey had occasionally been a semi-willing audience to his genius, but for the most part it was a monologue and Tony was just fine with that. Which didn’t make any less novel and exciting to be able to babble and have someone entirely focused only on chattering back, asking questions and making occasional suggestions or comments. Steve’s frequent praise was shockingly easy to accept when it was just part of this larger back and forth.
He’d extricated himself from the dance as soon as was possible without causing a scene, but that had given Sunset more than enough time to taunt him about his status, and to imply in numerous and entirely un-subtle ways that she would be happy to take Tony back ‘in hand’ now that she knew just how much he needed it.
“I’m putting some arnica on that back before you go trying to put leather and kevlar on.” Barnes muttered some kind of protest, but Clint wasn’t having any of it. “I know this sucks, and I know you’re probably still down far enough that you want the pain to linger more than you want to be comfortable. But I’m not allowing you to start out a fight at any kind of a disadvantage. Arnica or you don’t come with us for this one.”
“Well I mean right this second I’m thinking a lot about that voice, because damn, Barnes. I’m betting there isn’t much you couldn’t talk me into—or out of, for that matter.” After the strength of his earlier display, Bucky barely reacted to this at all, features schooled into something neutral. He stayed quiet, though, which Tony could only read as an invite to continue. That was pretty nervewracking; he had once been a pro at dirty talk, but Tony was the novice in this universe, especially with the kinky stuff. All he had to work with was honesty, which was way harder than just spouting off random words designed to get his partner off as quickly as possible. “Well I used to have this—this thing. For Captain America, and his, um. Sidekick.” Bucky stayed silent, though his steely expression gave way to something more heated, and a little amused if the very slight crinkles near his eyes were anything to go by.  (Oh God this was humiliating, why had Tony picked
So as you all can probably tell, they have just begun to chip away at the many issues surrounding Peter. My original intent had been for them to cover more ground, but I realized that (a) that would be a marathon, hours-long conversation that would be exhausting for everyone involved, and equally fatiguing to read and write, and (b) that was, in many ways, a separate story from this one. My intention going forward, then, is for the planned spin-off featuring MCU!Peter and MCU!Steve to actually cut back and forth between the two universes, focusing on Peter and his development in both cases. I truly hope this wasn't too disappointing, because they did still make some pretty great progress (weekly family dinners!)
“I want to believe the best in my Dad, as I imagine any son would,” an uncharacteristically emotional Tony stated. “I know that his relationship with orientation was a complicated one, and that’s of course something I relate to to some degree. But to place that discomfort, or the profit of corporations like Stark Industries, above the public’s health is a violation of the trust that many had in him. It is also not something I could ever knowingly condone or extend, which is why I’m standing in front of you today.”
The smile that curved Talia’s lips was no longer an ambiguous one. It was the first time she’d appeared truly hopeful in all the time Steve had known her.
I'm baaack! Sorry for the longer-than-intended delay, but life happened, and I didn't want to start the story up again until I was reasonably sure I could re-commit to my usual posting schedule. I think I'm in a place to do so now, so look for weekly updates to resume!
“Look, most of the time I’m surprisingly okay with all this. Like the whole submission thing, right? It wasn’t  a part of my universe, but it’s—it’s good. It’s helped things that had been broken so long I sort of forgot they weren’t supposed to be that way. But it’s—Christ it’s hard to need people like this. Especially now that my body is literally rewriting itself, so it’s not even a choice anymore…it’s a lot. And every day my old world feels further and further away, and that’s mostly fine because by the time I left there wasn’t much left there for me. But there was…well, him. There was Peter.”
4. Those classified as submissives or Dominants (1-3 and 8-10 on the scale, as you noted) typically all only have trace amounts of the opposite orientation’s hormones in their system; True orientations would not even have those trace amounts. Therefore Dr. Banner, whom you used as an example, does not require submission as part of his orientational wellness. The distinction between the classifications within those categories comes down mostly to the concentration of their primary orientational hormone; so a cat-9 Dominant is classified as such because their blood meets a certain threshold concentration of Dominin, which is higher than would be found in a cat-8. Behaviourally, a cat-8 Dominant might also require less intensive Dominant practice in order to feel fulfilled, or might need Domination with slightly less frequency than a cat-9; however, I would posit based on current research that many of these distinctions are more a matter of socialization and/or personal preference than they are something solely or even primarily determined by what are sometimes very fine variations in hormonal levels.
That had been their protocol way back in the beginning. When Bucky had been terrified that he would spin out of control, forget himself and start harming innocent people at any moment, he’d asked for Steve to receive detailed updates about his sessions so that he could be on watch. The loss of privacy had been well worth the assurance that someone with the ability to actually take Bucky down if necessary knew what was going on with him.
Tony’s head swam. The very prospect of leaving the labs without a real orgasm made him want to scream in frustration, but there was a dark edge to Bruce’s lecturing, dispassionate tone that ignited something deep in his belly. He squirmed against the leather of the examination bench, and oh that friction felt amazing, he could just come right here and avoid having to make the choice altogether…
“I’m hearing pretty great things about you man, even when I’m not on the planet. Pretty impressive.”
“If there was, it was not concentrated enough to be measurable. This suggests that Mr. Stark is or will eventually be, like his counterpart, a low-ranked submissive. However, it is possible that his body has just been delayed in its production of Dominin, or that it is rising at a slower rate.” Rhodey nodded thoughtfully, and Chimva seemed to struggle with herself for a moment before speaking again. “At this point my real concern is the cortisol. His body is under significant stress. It is attempting to balance the demands of two unique physiologies, one of which is going through what is essentially a slower and less intensive form of puberty. I realize that Mr. Stark’s decision to leave his Dominants in the dark is his own, and I would not violate doctor-patient confidentiality unless matters grew far more dire, but he will likely require focused and dedicated care while his body and mind adjust. I do not believe his partners will be capable of providing what he needs without matters being fully explained to them.”
If it felt gross to pretend at a potential alliance between himself and several of the more unctuous members of the Stark Industries Board, it was nothing short of nauseating to use his partners and his fledgling attempts at submission this way. However, the joke landed just as Pepper had assured him it would: at the mere allusion to Steve and the others, they were all practically tripping over themselves to assure Tony they would suspend all essential discussions until he’d had time to re-orient himself.
yes.” The words burst from Tony’s lips with more honesty and strength than he’d intended, but he couldn’t find it in himself to regret it once they had. Their experiments in Malibu had been enlightening to say the least; he hadn’t liked all of the tools or forms of pain they’d played with, but he’d loved some of it, both the immediate sensations and the waves of endorphins that came afterward. (God, riding that shit was way better than any drug Tony had ever tried, and he’d tried most of them in one form or another.) Bruce’s answering smile was sharp and heated.
Far from appearing annoyed by the torrent of half-formed thoughts, Bucky smiled indulgently and drew Tony up into his arms.
Unlike with Clint, there had been very little talking prior to Tony’s scene with Natasha officially starting. She’d asked a couple of clarifying questions about his feelings on water, she had him repeat his hard limits and safewords, and had made room for Tony to ask any questions he had about her own contract.
“Do you want us to go, Tony?” Bruce offered. Bucky made a half-growling, half-whining noise that somehow managed to sound both protective and protesting. Steve identified with both.
“Not mixed, actually, very against,” Tony interrupted. Bruce tugged at his hair, harder this time, sending sparks of
Content Notes: The vision involving Sam in section one includes a mention of grief following the loss of a partner (Riley) and said grief being triggered in the aftermath of Tony's loss. It also includes the press being shitty toward Sam after D/s Tony's death.
Barnes said it like he expected nothing of Tony either, like he wasn’t even bothering to get his hopes up. It should have been freeing, given that the weight of expectation he’d faced from the other version of the team had nearly crushed Tony, particularly after the Snap. But right now, combined with his bots’ despair, it just pissed him off. So Tony stomped over to the couch, lied down across it, and made a grand ‘get on with it’ gesture with his arms (all while trying very, very hard not to vomit.)
Which was how, four hours later, he was completing work for SHIELD remotely while buried in a truly staggering pile of cleaning supplies that he’d liberated from the janitorial staff, along with instructions on how to use them. He was scrubbing the baking soda paste he’d made into the grout of his guest bathroom shower with a toothbrush and having JARVIS read him an email from the Secretary of Defense when Bucky made his looming presence in the doorway apparent by clearing his throat. Loudly.
“If this is what you needed to feel confident that I am Tony Stark,” he said, gesturing to key images and findings of the report being projected on a screen behind him, “then here you go. But if you really want to know if I’m the same person I was before all this happened? Honestly, no, I’m not. I died. And yes I’m grateful to be back, yes I’m getting a second chance that other people could only dream of, but you don’t go through something like that and come out the other side totally unchanged. I lost my life suddenly, under extremely traumatic circumstances. My partners, my friends, all the people I love, they lost me too. And no matter how much I wish…” [Author’s Note: There was an extended pause here, where an uncharacteristically emotional Stark appeared to tear up and was comforted by James Rhodes and Steve Rogers.] “I’ll never get that time back, never get those people back, because I’m changed forever by what happened to me, and so are they. We’re moving forward, but that doesn’t mean we should or even could pick up exactly where we left off.”
“Just. The questions. I’m asking. If I need you to clarify or expand I’ll let you know. Stop trying to anticipate where we’re going and what I need from you. The beauty of this whole thing is that I will tell you.” And that kind of does sound beautiful, actually, the thought of someone’s expectations of Tony being clear and open and achievable. Nuance was great and important and all, but when the entire world existed in varying hues of grey as Tony’s so often did, that kind of simplicity was decidedly rare.
Tony, while tactile as all hell, was not usually a hand-holding guy. It was challenging to keep his hands still at the best of times, and hands that held could so easily and quickly turn restraining or even violent. But hearing Steve allude to the work he’d willingly done to make space for Tony in his life and his mind and his heart, it made Tony a little more willing to be the one looking back a little. He let himself fantasize for a moment that they were back in Steve’s time, that Tony was just a fella out for a burger and a malt with his best guy. He threaded his fingers with Steve’s and Steve beamed, something sweet and guileless and maybe even a little shy. When he glanced down at their joined hands and noted the watch at Tony’s wrist (buttery, warm brown leather and a clean, simple face), the only one in the box Tony had never worn before tonight, that smile grew even wider and toothier.
“Some of the other ones I’ve seen, the tails were harder, and lighter. Or braided together. What’s the difference?”
“That sounds nice. At least you’ll have a couple hours where you’re unlikely to get soaked to the bone because of baby scientists run amok.”
He came suddenly and violently to full consciousness several minutes later when he was hit in the ribs with enough force to make him gasp. Another blow landed against the side of his head, and it was oddly lucky that Steve’s reflexes were as slowed as they were, or he would have responded with lethal force before he could have registered the familiarity of the dishevelled curls in his face.
“As long as your assessment is that that information does not mean he is at any risk of harming himself or others, I have no objection. We’re all going to develop individual relationships with Tony that might not mature at exactly the same pace.”
“I safe worded one time, Stevie, it’s not the end of the goddamn world.” Even as he finished speaking, Bucky was already biting his lip, a small self-harm practice the team had worked long and hard to discourage. Steve shook his head and put a finger against Bucky’s mouth.
“We need Steve,” Bruce said confidently. “I mean, he's not the only thing, but things will definitely get easier and more stable once we're all together again. Those two are enough to try even my patience, I swear. But Steve is doing a lot better these days. Shouldn’t be too much longer.”
“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that. This seems like as good a time as any.” It took Tony a few long seconds to catch up with this, and even longer to realize with mingled relief and disappointment that Clint had pulled away from his groin and was lying on his side next to Tony.
The TV-watching exercise, Tony had to admit, was pretty informative. It conveyed so much about the casual, everyday ways that orientation influenced life in this universe, things he would never have even thought to ask. Like how bed frames tended to be made differently to accommodate a partner that was frequently kneeling or held in some degree of bondage. Or the way that collars held far more importance as symbolic jewelry than engagement or marriage bands, though both did exist. (But it was still rare and considered pretty gauche for the everyday versions of collars to be elaborate or visibly expensive.) And there was definitely a lot to what Bruce had said yesterday about Trues being put up on an almost creepy pedestal. They were the subjects of endless fascination on any kind of dramatic programming like soap operas, and the idea of a True bond was used to sell everything from kitchenware to luxury vacations. (“No matter what some chart says, she’ll always be your True love.” Blegh.)
“I can help you,” Tony said simply. “I want to do it because I can, and because you deserve it. I don’t expect you to trust that right away, because people are shitty and you learn that faster than most, doing what we do. But if I gave you a reason any more complicated than that it would be a lie, so there it is.”
In seriousness, I hope you all are hanging in there. Thank you so very much for sticking around, and for continuing to chat about this story with me. Your comments, kudos, and questions are never taken for granted, not even for a second.
The latter wasn’t an assurance Masdee needed; discipline and chain of command had never been an issue during any of Steve’s interactions with Wakandan forces. (Well, the UN had had…issues with accepting the truth of Wakanda’s power and influence once they’d revealed themselves to the world, but SHIELD had always stood firmly against them on that matter, and they’d folded quickly once they’d realized how much Wakanda was truly willing to offer to the global community.) The statement was a warning aimed primarily at Talia, who could easily damage her career and reputation forever if the shine of her flirtation with Masdee wore off and she returned to her usual combination of insubordination and defiance.
With every step that brought them closer to the heart of the house, the more the memories forced their way to the surface. Those first, disastrous tests of the armour, leaving him covered in bruises and fire extinguisher foam; the shattered glass crunching under his feet after he’d blown out the walls with the repulsors; Pepper, aptly predicting that being Iron Man would eventually kill Tony; Tony, begging her to understand just how broken he was in the wake of New York…
“It turns out that I really like the big picture stuff. I like coming in at the beginning of something and building it up from nothing. Ever since we got back and I realized what good shape SHIELD had been in without me there, I’ve been feeling…I don’t know, a little unsatisfied. I think maybe this could be really good for both of us, Tony.”
“I didn’t mean…I know you need my help right now, I didn’t mean to do this Steve.” The water that Steve lifted him up and set him into was the perfect temperature, and even better was the press of Steve’s body against his back once his Dominant had shed his own clothes and slid into the tub.
Forcing themselves to leave Tony alone after the press conference had been…well, challenging. Coulson, always perfectly disciplined and precisely controlled, had actually growled at Rhodes when he’d made to guide Tony away. Once, that kind of animosity might have triggered something bigger and more fraught, but Rhodes had just rolled his eyes and patted Phil’s shoulder.
After stuffing themselves with multiple helpings of breakfast, Ned and Peter went for a walk. It had been one thing to speak about Peter’s side-gig in the apartment in the middle of the night, but there were definite limits on what they could really say when a parent or sibling might burst in at any moment. Some of the giddy relief from earlier began to fade as they walked, replaced by fraught, awkward pauses. After so long apart, neither of them wanted to be the first to cause any further problems.
“C’mere and help me cook up something for lunch.” Tony was not the only one to make a doubtful noise at that proclamation, but he was the loudest. And the only one to also throw a cloth at Rhodey’s head, which in hindsight was probably not the best idea. Rhodey left the bright yellow thing on his head though, even as he bent down to retrieve a frying pan that Tony hadn’t known he owned. (Had that been in the other version of this house too?)
“AIM, maybe?” Phil theorized. “Their stock took a pretty significant bump after our Tony died. So did most other tech companies.” Steve shrugged. The strategist in him was interested and thinking along similar lines (though there was something that didn’t feel quite right about it, too, something he was missing), but right now that was mostly drowned out by the exhausted defeat that had replaced his earlier rage. It was hard to say how much of this Coulson could sense, but it was enough that he switched tactics, his hold on Steve’s hands becoming something more personal, intimate. “We should get these looked at.”
for these people while still somehow under the impression that he was little more than an inconvenience to them.) “They were my first attempts at real modularity, and auto-piloting. None of it was enough to save Pep. She woulda died if it wasn’t for Extremis,” Bruce jerked almost violently in his seat next to Steve, but didn’t interrupt, “and I don’t know how many suits he had on hand or anything, but the things you’ve told me about Taskmaster…I think it could really work.”
a version of the guy who had once threatened to taze Tony for not saving his own life fast enough, so the little streak of sadism in his handling style was kind of unsurprising.) “You design it and talk them through it and I’ll evaluate? That way even I won’t know what’s coming, it’ll be kind of a test for myself as a handler too.”
“Good fucking boy, Tony. Such a good boy.” It seemed to cost even Phil something this time, to step backward and straighten the lines of his suit. But he did, because Tony’s mornings were apparently doomed to remain sexless and full of cruelty. (Also because then Phil was collecting Tony’s wrist braces and his blanket from Thor, settling both on him with so much care that he might as well have been defusing a bomb.) “You can dictate today, if you like. I’ll write out whatever you say, precisely as you say it, without editing or commentary—do not take advantage of that offer or it’s not one I will make again,” Phil added, apparently sensing Tony’s deep and entirely mature desire to make him write out one of the sets of lines Bart had scrawled on the chalkboard in his favourite episode of
One character (not Tony) also makes use of a safeword and leaves the scene. This happens for their own reasons, not anything to do with the scene itself going wrong, but still might be worth giving a miss if any of these are trigger areas for you.
“Steve was wailing on the thing and it managed to either spit or drool enough that he ingested some of it. He kept hearing all of our voices in his head and assumed he was going insane, so he didn't say anything right away. But finally on the flight home he just yells out, apropos of nothing as far as the rest of us know, ‘what the hell is a Pokemon and why do we have to catch them all? Are they some kind of threat?’ Turned out Clint had been on a major Pokemon Go kick at the time and had been thinking about it all the way home.” Tony laughed too, couldn’t not. It was exactly the kind of ridiculous bonding moment that his own version of the team had just started to have before everything had gone to hell. He was quickly brought back to the present, however, when Bruce took advantage of his distraction to lift his shirt up and poke at the still-healing wound on his abdomen. A couple days of solid rest had done the thing wonders, but a couple of the more jagged edges were still slightly inflamed. “You know, if you tell me what did this I might be able to treat it more efficiently.”
For a day that had been so perfectly planned and executed, the question was jarring and perfect and wonderful in its absurdity. Tony gave a watery chuckle and sank down to his own knees. He held his hand out to Bucky with a nod, accepting the ring first. Then he let his eyes (which were really, on some level, always looking for him anyway) fall on Steve. He held up the collar, then bowed his head in silent invitation.
Struggling to handle the fallout of his unexpected intimacy with Bruce, Tony turns to Phil for help. Steve's pilot program faces challenges he didn't expect, and the team tries to draw him back into their usual traditions.
Thank you so much, as always, for your kudos, questions, and comments. You helped me build and fall in love with this verse, and I love sharing it with you!
Masdee didn’t even dignify Steve’s excuse with a verbal response. She did, however, push out her chair enough that her hands, palms up and on her knees, were visible. Then she inclined her head just slightly, baring her neck. It was a rarely-used gesture designed to comfort Doms in distress; neither of their instincts could be tricked into believing Masdee was submissive, but by acknowledging Steve’s own Dominance, she sought to soothe and reassure those parts of him that felt threatened and edgy. (Was Steve really that far gone?) He took several long, deep breaths.
These days, the trickle had turned into more of a steady flow. Several days after Tony dropped the bomb about the Soul Stone and its use in both universes, Coulson hijacked their usual complaining-about-their-alternative-selves session to recap it all.
There was an extended debate over the order, but eventually it was decided, and Clint was up first. The archer was as unerring with his aim as ever, but not a single one of his shots managed to get anywhere near Tony; the moment they started sparring in earnest, Tony was flanked by two rows of crescent-shaped extensions to the suit that took each arrow out of the air with ease. One of them didn’t even make it all the way out of Clint’s bow. Near the end of their session Clint was getting close to managing a shot by firing multiple arrows at once, but he was nowhere near even making a dent before the buzzer went off.
He’d assumed based on what he’d suggested to Thor about their history that the evening would be spent with the guy downplaying his power, playing the role of domesticated demigod eating pop tarts with the wrapper still occasionally on. Instead, Thor had cracked open the sky above them as easily as a hot knife moving through butter, and had proceeded to challenge the forces of Nature herself, not for the sake of pride or ego, but to spare human lives and minimize suffering. He had shown Tony exactly who he was tonight, and he just kept offering more.
What had ultimately decided it for Phil, though, had been Kala’s practice of providing a unique name for each and every one of his pieces. They’d all been hesitant when they’d learned that he insisted on being the one to name them, but when they’d asked, Kala had written a single word down on a piece of paper and slid it across his desk with the slightly impatient air of a man who already knew he was right and was just waiting for everyone else to catch up. (The expression had reminded Phil immediately of Tony, and he had barely needed to look down at what the paper said to know this would be the right one.)
They went through all the routine questions Steve was required to verify, information about her general wellness and her hormone levels and her workplace performance, and she answered all of them with decidedly more grace and candour than she would have once afforded anyone daring to make such inquiries. But he still found himself unsatisfied when they’d reached the end of the list.
Argh. Team, I'm really sorry updates have been so sporadic. Routine means a lot to me, and I hate not coming through on commitments. But I remain sick with an eternal cold (nothing serious, no worries there, just a toddler who constantly brings home all kinds of bugs), and with precarious employment that means I can't take a sick day...well, something has to give. Lately it's been fannish stuff.
“Wait—what? Last session? I’m not, I mean, you’re always saying it’s not about a definite endpoint. I still have things I want to work on and get better at.”
And if one was going to take orders from anyone, General Masdee Zabu was an excellent choice. Steve had worked with her only once before, during an Avengers mission that had spanned several continents and nearly six months, requiring external support from a number of agencies. She’d led the Wakandan team into battle with such deadly precision that Steve had initially assumed her to be a new member of the
After that, he and Bucky had done the whole thing right. They’d gone on a date first, just like Tony had with the others. They’d packed what was supposed to be a small basket of food with the intention of taking it out onto the beach for a picnic. This had quickly turned into a truly massive spread, mostly on account of Steve and Rhodey’s joint meddling; Steve had carefully reminded Tony that even the bastardized version of the serum running in Bucky’s veins still meant an increased metabolic demand that left him pretty constantly hungry. Rhodey, meanwhile, had made a similar play with Bucky, reminding him of how hard Tony was working to get his body accustomed to getting enough food in the course of a day. (They’d only thought to compare notes afterward, once their respective best friends were long gone and probably toasting to the success of their plans.)
Well, sneaking out might be a bit of an exaggeration. They don’t actually go far at all. While Peter had been tempted by the option of truly getting away from all things superhero, the simple fact is that there’s not a lot around the compound by design, and neither of them want to get drunk in the middle of nowhere and then have to either drive drunk (which, no) or sleep in the middle of nowhere. Eventually, they make their way into one of the on-site storage facilities. Before the battle against Thanos, Peter knew the space had housed old Stark Industries equipment. Tony had made a couple of comments during the mock internship about showing Peter around the place sometime. Now, it appeared, the building had been rebuilt before anyone realized it no longer had a purpose. Without Tony around, there were no real ties between SI and the Avengers, and therefore no need for the company to store material near the compound.
that she wasn’t quite as disinterested in their conversation as she seemed. Tony elected to ignore both of those pieces of information in favour of flashing Rhodey a grateful smile.
It was awkward, still. The first thing Tony did once everyone was settled back in the living room was find his purple kneeler. It was habit, by now, to get it and set it at Steve’s feet. What wasn’t habit was the way Steve winced and shut his eyes for a moment like the sight wounded him.
One second, Sam is sitting across from Peter, sympathetic and patient as usual. The next, he has grabbed Peter by the scruff of the neck and has begun moving him toward the door. It’s a hold that Peter could easily break if he used his strength, and one they both know he won’t. Mostly because he’s still stunned that
“Flash is a jerk.” Ned grunted his agreement, still busy sweeping the remains of the project haphazardly into his bag. It would take hours to rebuild, Peter thought, especially since it looked like Ned had made several embellishments to the design that the kit came with. “I could help—”
However, there were still distinctions, some of which were more meaningful than they seemed in hindsight. Allow me to show you what I mean:
“On a mission gone very, very wrong. He had only subbed for me once at that poont, and I was so sure I was going to die out there and break every promise I’d ever made him. I wanted him to have something…” She trailed off, and Steve didn’t make her finish. They were all very much aware of the kind of thoughts that the dying or near-death brain tended to dwell on.
Okay, fantasize. Tony could do that. Hell, he’d reminded numerous previous lovers that invention and fantasy were extremely close relatives, so Tony practically did this for a living. He settled onto the centre of his bed, clad in just a pair of boxers. He hadn’t ended up bringing any toys with him; it felt just a bit too weird to use sex toys that had previously belonged to another version of himself. He had, however, found what looked to be an unopened bottle of lube in the bedside table, so there was that. (After a thoughtful glance at the latter, he pulled his boxers off entirely.)
“…your face is naked. That’s a little weirder. Like if I was going to generate some kind of after-life version of you, which would be weird enough to begin with, honestly, I think I might have kept the beard. Oh fucking fuck. Am I honestly trying to decide whether we screwed up the fate of the world for a second time based on Cap’s facial hair? I am way more like my father than—”
It was the last name that caught Tony’s attention. He was used to this mode of address from his own version of the team, but no one here called him ‘Stark’ except in jest. Hearing it from Phil in such a clipped, official tone was enough to stop his attempted retreat from the Tower’s medical bay in its tracks.
. Tony had wanted to get churros with the kid and teach him to drive and help him study for his first set of finals at MIT. He’d wanted to hug Peter for real, and teach him how to up his dating game (because damn did the kid really need some help there), and trade off good cop/bad cop with May when Peter inevitably made everyday young adult mistakes like getting wasted and running through the MIT quad naked. Instead, Tony had followed in his own father’s footsteps yet again, leaving his—the kid to (metaphorically) bury him before Peter even turned 18.
“I know that,” Tony said tiredly. “This isn’t your fault, okay? . You didn’t do anything wrong. And before you ask, this isn't about Sunset either. This isn't me being...broken or traumatized or whatever. I just, Jesus, Steve, we only ended up together in the first place because you were practically forced to ensure I didn’t go fucking crazy. It's the least I could do, isn’t it, to make sure that you get what you want, whatever you want?”
“Definitely not,” Bruce told him, calm and decisive. “Steve didn’t want orientation mixed up in our conversation about whether you wanted to stay in this universe because especially now that there are biochemical elements of submission at play, he wanted to avoid exerting any influence over a decision that needed to be yours alone. And I wasn’t trying to stress you out about the check-in either; I just wanted to have some of these conversations first. You’re still our sub, Tony, as long as you want to be. That’s a basic right on your side, and an honour on ours. Got it?”
“Never hung around that long, no.” The words came out in a harsh rasp, and Tony spared a moment to wonder if his voice always sounded like that these days and he just hadn’t noticed, or if talking about Bruce’s absence really cut that deep after all this time. “I thought we were talking science anyway here, Brucie-Bear. Teaching me everything I need to know to be able to pull this act off convincingly.” Bruce sighed, and then he sat down on the bed next to Tony. They weren’t touching, but he was near enough that Tony could catch a whiff of the other man’s hair product (it was the only scented thing Bruce ever wore, his fear of contaminating his work defeated only by his efforts to tame his unruly curls).
“I do understand in some ways. When this Tony, when he told me that he and his Pepper used to be together I was horrified. Not, it isn’t—look, Tony is wonderful, obviously.” Steve’s agreeing nod was apparently a bit too emphatic, because Pepper giggled. He’d never heard her make that sound before; Steve had heard her laugh, obviously, but around the team she was still usually somewhat controlled, a softened version of the person she was on TV. This felt like a glimpse of the person she must be when it was just she and Tony, and Steve felt warmed by the notion that he’d drawn it from her.  “What I mean is his life already constantly threatens to totally eclipse mine. I was his PA, then his CEO, plus one of his closest friends. For a long time I went sunup to sundown without ever thinking about anything that didn’t involve Tony to some degree or another. The thought of adding a romantic relationship on top of that…even if our classifications were different, I don’t think it ever could have worked. Everyone says they want to be everything to their partner, but the reality of that…” She shook her head. “I am grateful for the apology. And it does help to know that it wasn’t on purpose, that you weren’t isolating him from his friends because you thought we were bad for him, or—” Pepper stopped mid-sentence to gather herself, looking far more human than Steve had ever seen her.
“That’s really considerate, thank you. I mean—no, I don’t actually want the captions on, you’ve inflicted this movie on us enough that I can practically talk along—but you’re kind to think of that and offer, Tony.” This time Rhodey hummed in agreement and petted Tony’s hair. Curiouser and curiouser.
is remotely concerned about the fate of the universe. Now, I can’t say much on this topic directly, but I can show you something brief.
These are both excellent queries that I must unfortunately not answer at this time; you may anticipate receiving the information you request quite shortly in the main branch of the narrative.(In other words, you are asking precisely the right questions at exactly the right moment.)
“Nonononononno,” he sobbed, frantically scrabbling for the very last semblance of control he had left. The strap connected again, dead centre. “I’m sorry, pleaseplease I’m sorry.”
.) Instead, AIs will complete a capstone project involving an annotated bibliography, a written report about a case study, and a mock security scenario presentation in which the AI will have to respond in real-time to a pre-determined situation relevant to their research.
Steve prevented himself from stumbling his way into the Tower, but it was a very near thing. He made a halfhearted attempt to convince JARVIS to take him to his own floor, but the AI had strict protocols about managing dep that Steve had installed himself (along with Bruce, who was able to give the AI more specific instructions about particular biological thresholds to watch for.)
“’s fine. I like it when Rhodey’s here. If I thought he’d let me steal him from the Air Force I’d keep him all the time.” Bruce chuckled, low and rumbly, but he settled Tony in his usual position on his hands and knees. The movement was enough to wake Clint and Rhodey, the other two inhabitants of the bed. Clint, familiar enough with check-ins to not be confused even by one taking place in his bed, didn’t react beyond a lazy wink in Tony’s direction. Rhodey seemed far more interested, sitting up with his back against the headboard and watching the scene with undisguised interest that felt almost academic, like he was studying how the team’s Dominants treated Tony.
A chance meeting in the penthouse kitchen leaves Steve optimistic about his future with Tony. Clint and Tony find creative ways to date in Avengers Tower.
But it, too, had been left in good and familiar hands, like those of Talia, who currently stood at the front of the conference room. A slender collar was nestled around her neck; Steve would have called the black leather simple, except for the fact that he suspected what looked like silver stitching was in fact thin layers of vibranium or an alloy. She wore it proudly, her head high and her shoulders back as she lectured about finding a balance between submission and agency.
“This was nice, but you should get dressed, Sir. Nat will be down in ten minutes to walk you to therapy.”
Halfway to the door, Peter remembered that Liz was the captain of the academic decathlon team. He turned around, ready to beg, even to offer to join one of the sports teams even though masking his powers during football or something would be a nightmare, but Principal Morita was already on the phone and having what sounded like an increasingly intense conversation about that year’s budget.
“J, what the fuck? I thought you said I had credentials to keep the team out of here until the medical protocols kick in at hour thirty. We’re nowhere near—”
“He is training with the team. While he is still not an official members of the Avengers, Colonel Rhodes provides his assistance and trains with the team whenever practical, particularly after the…loss of your counterpart.” Even JARVIS paused when he mentioned Mark II, like acknowledging Mark II’s absence still hurt him. (A part of Tony was relieved that his FRIDAY had lost him so young. She would adapt far more easily. And she’d have Pe-people to help her grow and learn.)
“Bit of carpal tunnel? Or just jumpy?” How had it never occurred to Tony how intimately someone like Clint, or Natasha too, would have to know the human body in order to do what they did for a living? Why did thinking about how many ways Clint could bring about both harm and pleasure make Tony’s gut tighten?
So SI and SHIELD's intertwined corporate drama is about as far from the smut as last time as it gets, but I hope it was fun to dig back into some of the plotty stuff, too.
“The bowl.” Tony was gesturing to a clear bowl on the island that contained the faint orange staining that Steve had learned to associate with Cheesies. “Brucie-Bear has been stashing snacks all over the Tower lately, but he forgot to refill everything this morning and I don’t quite know where all the good stuff is hidden.” There was something not quite right about that logic, Steve recognized faintly. (Wouldn’t JARVIS tell Tony where things were?) But the dep was hitting his cognitive processing capabilities hard, and Tony was asking him for something. Even if Steve knew intellectually that the other man was not a submissive, his lizard-brain didn’t seem to care much at all.
“…you said something about meeting Captain Marvel?” This time Tony did laugh, loud and right from his belly.
It was the most torturous form of pleasure Tony had ever encountered. He wasn’t entirely a stranger to anal play, but it had been a long time, and certainly he’d never been with anyone who had been interested in doing anything more complex than ramming up against his prostate with a cock or a dildo. Bruce played the thing with even more competence than he’d bragged about. With that same deceptively light touch he built up a slow, maddening rhythm, and once he found it, Bruce never varied. He never altered his pace, or modified the pressure, or changed his angle even a degree. The closest he came to any variation was when he occasionally allowed his fingernails scrape at Tony through the gloves, which never failed to send shockwaves all the way through him.
“No cheating, Brucie Bear. I know you have some kind of bet going with Thor and I am so not getting pulled into the middle of that with this little exercise.”
Steve’s own system was responding in kind. His Dominance was strong and intense enough that it was a rare thing for him to feel entirely at ease; whether consciously or not, he was constantly seeking out signs of discontent in switches and submissives, trying to find opportunities to help and to care for those around him. But right now, his Dominant hind-brain was taking a well-earned break, basking in the signs of fulfilled, happy submissive that were all over the penthouse.
“Part of the reason I was so angry last night, Tony, was that you were not only making decisions on all of our behalf, but your explanations were all based on how you assumed we were thinking and feeling. Those assumptions were just so wrong, so against everything we’ve worked so hard to tell you and show you, and that kind of ignorance just isn’t like you. It made me feel…I don’t know, like you hadn’t bothered really listening at all, like everything we’d said and done together meant nothing to you. The more I thought about it, though, the more I realized you were probably talkin’ about yourself and your feelings sort of…through us. Projection, I think my therapist calls it.” It was probably a mark of Tony’s regret and fear that he didn’t take the golden opportunity to mock Steve for trying to psychoanalyze him. Instead, he leaned slightly towards Rhodes as if bracing himself, and Rhodes wrapped a shielding arm around his shoulders. The sight made Steve’s whole body want to wince, even though he knew he’d be counting on their dynamic for his plan to work. “You told me that you’re concerned about the effect on us of having to pretend that you’re the other Tony. You told me that you’re worried we won’t be able to grieve him the way we should. But it isn’t us who hasn’t had much of a chance to really grieve, is it? You had a whole
“Roughly two and a half days ago. Since then I would describe Sir’s primary affect as anger. He has avoided the Avengers whenever possible, and has spent the majority of his time alternating between training with the Iron Man armour in the team gym and excessive alcohol consumption. I am aware it is a lot to ask, but I had hoped that, given your instrumental role in ensuring that his counterpart’s creation of Ultron succeeded…”
“Won’t it hurt?” The question was probably one of the more foolish ones Tony had ever asked aloud, but the artistry of the marks combined with the obviously positive effect they had on Barnes was captivating, and he was sorely tempted by the offer. Clint glanced toward them with a smile Tony would have called indulgent except for the slightly dangerous edge Tony had come to associate with Clint in Dom-mode. (It was, he mused, a disturbingly hot combination.)
“Is it because of knowing a different version of me, you think?” Tony ducked his head under the guise of recovering a stack of napkins from their bag, warily considering his options. Other than for practical reasons, like when they filled each other in on events that had differed across the two universes, it was rare for any of them (but especially he and Steve) to really acknowledge that their alternate selves existed. Steve didn’t sound angry or even resentful of his counterpart right now, but there was still a very good possibility this would blow up in their faces. Still, it was getting just as awkward to pretend to ignore the impact he knew his own ghost had on Steve’s life; perhaps Steve was starting to feel similarly?
“It’s good to see you again, Masdee,” Steve stepped in, smoothly avoiding the need for Tony to admit he didn’t know the new arrival’s name. “And Tony, next to her is Agent Talia Avelino. She’s been in Wakanda laying the groundwork for our workplace orientation pilot program since you got back, so you two haven’t met.”
“I don’t think it’s a terrible idea at all.” That…that at least got his attention away from planning dinner for the evening, and wondering whether or not Tony liked big band music and if he could dance. “I do think we need to discuss how to ensure all the work you’ve done to create a life for yourself not wholly determined by Tony Stark doesn’t go out the window, however. Have you been out of the Tower at all since you all got on the same page?” The best and most dignified answer to that Steve could manage was no answer at all. “Hmm. When Ms. Romanov pulled me aside to deliver her note this morning, she mentioned that you had all received some upsetting news about the previous version of Mr. Stark. How have you been coping with that?”
Tony knew intellectually that the Switches in the Tower sometimes did check-ins with Bruce. He’d found it vaguely comforting to learn that he was at least not alone in this humiliation. But it was something else entirely to actually witness it. He backed up, hurriedly trying to make it back to the elevator in silence, but this was naturally when Natasha registered his presence and craned her neck to meet his eyes.
Tony touched down in Malibu just after 8:00. He was filled with a prickling, uneasy energy that crept underneath his skin, and the thought of facing the team en masse with their questions and their concern was too daunting a prospect. Evening in December really was not the ideal time to wander the seaside; the wind was constant assault, one that felt all the colder for its juxtaposition with the sand under Tony’s bare toes. But he stayed there anyway, with only the water’s indifferent regard for company. That same vaguely threatening inattention had once made Tony fear water—between the waterboarding in Afghanistan and then nearly drowning after the destruction of the Malibu house he’d had plenty of cause—but surrounded as Tony now was by ample evidence of the love and care others had for him, and by proof of his own impact on them, it was oddly comforting to feel irrelevant.
“Steve. We’ve been at this for a few sessions now. And while I’m happy to hear yet another treatise on why the Dodgers should have stayed in Brooklyn or instructions how to retrieve Hawkeye from any vent work—that one may actually come in useful at some point—I am frankly paid too much to serve as the acquaintance you make small talk with.”
“Let’s start with the absolute basics.” Bruce is standing at the front of a space organized as a miniaturized classroom; there are long tables serving as desks, and an honest-to-goodness whiteboard at the front, though Tony suspects his counterpart had enhanced it. He wonders what would necessitate a space like this, considers that maybe this Bruce typically works with a full laboratory staff. The thought of someone else down here, sharing Bruce’s space, hearing the way he loses all of his carefully cultivated composure when he’s really deep into something, it makes Tony oddly jealous. “You remember Rhodey telling you last night that there’s testing at 14, right? The result of that is the classification of every individual according to a single scale: the Orientation Classification System, or OCS.” Bruce waves a wrist and a chart is projected on the whiteboard. He gives Tony a moment to peruse it himself rather than holding his hand through it, which is nice.
“What is it with you people and sleeping in the hallway outside my room?” he shouted even as he held a hand out to help Steve up.
“No, she’s right.” He heard Pepper inhale sharply from where she stood at his left. It was one of the only noises in the room. “I’m not a Dom, or a switch. Or a sub, for that matter. I mean, I’ve fooled around a bit with—listen, the point is, I’m not any of those things in the way I think you mean them.”
This was brand new and completely bewildering information to Steve. He glanced around at the other members of the team. Phil and Natasha had both gone unnaturally still. Next to them, Bruce’s eyes were narrowed. Clint got to his feet to pace, his usual reaction to stress, only to wince and sit back down. (Must have overdone it today. Even with the Air Cast, he was still supposed to limit his activity, but it was basically a team-wide effort to try to enforce those restrictions.) Bucky and Thor’s expressions were each dazed and unfocused, suggesting both were caught up mentally recounting their recent interactions with Tony. Pepper glared around at all of them, and then sighed and pointed at Steve.
He lasted only another twenty minutes before he requested directions to the training level. If he’d expected something like the shared gym the Avengers had had in both the Tower and the compound, stepping out of the elevator pretty much instantly put that theory to rest. There were no weight machines or treadmills or heavy bags in sight; the space (which he suspected from the barely visible ceiling started on this floor but extended several levels beyond it) was wide open, save for a complex array of digital and physical obstacles the team appeared to be locked in battle against.
“I mean, to be fair, the Director got his job by crashing a helicarrier into the Potomac. I don’t know that he’d be in the best position to—”
Progress was always going to be slow with Peter, Tony had known that from the moment he’d started really reading the file Natasha had compiled about the kid. Walking before they ran would, in this particular case, be better for both of them. It was going to take Tony more time than he’d initially thought not to look at this boy and see someone else; he hadn’t decided yet if he’d ever tell this Peter where he’d really come from, but Tony did know what it was to fear being measured against someone else and found wanting. He’d never willingly inflict that on anyone, especially a kid who was most of the way to broken already.
Though it had felt mind boggling when he’d first shared the news that he was from another universe, May was startled to realize how easy it had been to stop giving the matter much thought at all. She’d never known the other Tony except as a famous figure whose presence onscreen tended to make her change the channel more often than not. If anything, he was the one who felt abstract to May, not the man sitting in front of her.
Content Notes: Not much for this chapter, honestly. Tony uses a gag, but does so at his own request, and not in a context that is sexual or remotely related to humiliation or similar dynamics.
His umpteenth post-mortem of the team drew to a sudden and unexpected close when he limped into the kitchen to find Clint throwing bright orange popcorn in the air for Natasha to catch in her mouth. That scene alone was odd enough, but when he took advantage of their distraction to peer around the room, it got weirder. Because there was nothing weird. No kinky sex equipment he did or didn’t recognize, no implements designed for punishment, not even the kneeling pillow they’d had out for him the other morning. And in by far the oddest development of all? Clint breaking into a huge grin when he laid eyes on Tony. It wasn’t the first time, but it never ceased to get less strange.
It happened far less often now than it used to, the team finding Steve like this: lying in a dusty bedroom, wearing clothing far too small and modern to be his own. But the dust was still far more of an anomaly in St—Avengers tower than this particular scene; the place had a top-notch maintenance staff who kept the rest of the building looking immaculate, which was no small task given that most of the team was far from conscientious about picking up after themselves. But the cleaners knew better than to even attempt entry to this room, especially after Steve’s blow up when Alma had made the mistake of washing the coffee mug Tony had left on the penthouse kitchen counter the morning before—
Steve assumed this was some kind of nonsensical allusion to the Clint’s ankle somehow preventing him from disciplining Tony (not that it actually would, but injuries really did bring all the brat out in Clint), at least until there was a chorus of agreement from the others. Pepper frowned, her eyes meeting Steve’s.
The subject doing the suggesting seems to be curiously absent.” Before Tony could muster a response to this, Phil turned the page and continued reading. “
Steve reached down, his hand hovering over the front panel of Tony’s panties. For a few moments it seemed entirely possible that Steve would abandon the framework they’d set up for this scene in favour of just ripping away the remainder of Tony’s clothes and taking him. Eventually, though, Steve mastered himself, muttering a string of curses that definitely contained Clint’s name.
“Aftercare,” he hissed. Surprise and worry and frustration and about a dozen other responses left Pepper momentarily stunned. Since when was Tony subbing for these people? Could he even sub, when last she’d heard the entire issue was that he didn’t fit into the orientational classification of their universe?
“And you like Mr. Hogan? I never ended up having much in the way of direct contact with him, but Tony always spoke very highly of—”
He rounded the corner into into the living room and stopped in his tracks. Tony knelt by Bruce’s feet, entirely naked. His head rested on Bruce’s knee, and while his eyes weren’t fully shut, they held almost none of his usual keen awareness. He didn’t even track Steve or any of the rest of the team as they made their way into the space, let alone acknowledge them verbally. The most he seemed to be able to manage was to occasionally open his mouth and suck lightly at the tips of Bruce’s fingers.
Steve woke with his hand out, reaching for Tony. For several glorious seconds he kept reaching, wanting to reassure himself with Tony’s sleep-warm skin that that night hadn’t been the end, but the beginning. And then he remembered, recoiling and feeling irrationally, viciously angry. He still dreamed of Tony all the time, but it had been months since he’d woken up and managed to forget, even for a couple of semi-conscious seconds that his lover was gone. (Natasha had been right. It was a damn good thing he wasn’t in the Tower right now, because right this second he hated the other version of Tony for bringing all this up again and threatening the very minimal progress Steve had actually managed to make.)
“Someone’s after Tony. They used today to gather intel, so that Taskmaster and his crew would have the most up-to-date information about how we’re fighting possible. He’s being funded by someone with deep pockets, made specific allusions to some kind of corporate entity.”
The footage stopped abruptly, frozen on the image of Tony rolling his eyes beneath his sunglasses, before the screen went black altogether. The other version of him had clambered noisily to his feet and was staring at Steve, horror-struck.
While the Author is, in many cases, wildly fanciful, on this particular topic she is correct. Submissives, particularly True submissives, are generally very highly regarded. Howard Stark, however…well, perhaps showing you would be more expedient.
Eventually, though, there simply wasn’t any other option. Once he’d stopped swigging Asgard’s finest by the mouthful, Peter’s vomiting had eventually slowed, though never fully stopped. But then she started noticing the other effects. His skin was typically absurdly pale, so the hives that were developing were easy to spot. While she noted them with some concern, the real problem came when Peter started struggling to breathe.
“Well since one of the best ways to encourage team cohesion and ensure we stay competitive is to practice, I would suggest we get started.” During the early and more hopeful stages of his crush on Liz, Peter had watched her devour numerous books on leadership and team-building. He couldn’t help but smile now at hearing her deploy that knowledge to simultaneously shade Flash and move the meeting along.
The prospect of coming a second time was downright alarming. He could already feel this one building, knew from the force of his thighs shaking and the breath punching its way out of his lungs that it would be shattering. He shook his head, tugging fruitlessly at his bonds and whining out wordless protests, but Clint didn’t stop, wouldn’t even slow down and let Tony catch a breath. When he did come Tony screamed, which he had never done outside of feigned displays during encounters he suspected were being recorded. Clint kissed him, swallowed the sound with totalizing possession, like even that noise was his to consume.
“They’re advising us not to release the report, or to try to find a way to do so while scrubbing out any trace of SI’s involvement,” he guessed. It would certainly help soften the blow if the company, and Howard Stark in particular, was distanced from the news of a coverup. It might even mean the Board wouldn’t try to go after Pepper the way Tony was positive they would.  “We’re not doing that.”
Then he saw what sat on the workbench in front of her. Initially it had looked like a hunk of wood, but when Steve got a closer look, he could tell it was starting to take the shape of something.
“Mount Sinai,” Natasha said after consulting her phone. (And who the hell were her sources, anyway? Steve apparently still did not have half the intel she did.)
Everyone in the room winced as one. Everyone but Tony, who met Bucky’s fury and his shame and his self-hatred without so much as blinking.
“I really don’t know why he’s not here yet. He really has been doing a lot better lately; going to school on time, getting his work done. And I know he’s excited about the internship. He doesn’t say it, Peter’s not really the type—I mean, he was, but then all of this—”
“You’re already late for Clint. He’s waiting on your floor.” Though the gears of his mind were turning far too slowly, Steve still attempted to search out an acceptable reason to cancel. He’d used injuries from battle last time, and given that he’d barely gotten a scratch in their scuffle with Doom today, that would have been even less convincing now. (He resented the serum more than he was grateful for it these days.) All other threats were currently below even Ultron’s super-sensitive notice. He could have tried insisting he needed to train, but Steve regularly logged more time in the tower’s gym than anyone, and that was on top of his morning runs.
“Fuck no,” Tony blurted. A chorus of relieved laughter echoed through the room, and Tony felt warm for the first time in days. “Honestly, I’d really rather just pretend this whole thing didn’t happen, chalk it up to cold feet and move on.”
“Well, I suppose we could both eat ‘em then, and I’ll answer your questions as long as the muffins hold out. I’m not getting a pissed off Bruce
Steve’s Dominant instincts were near enough to the surface that he thought nothing of glancing at the holoscreen Tony had in front of him, attempting to find the source of the man’s unease. It didn’t occur to him as a violation of privacy at all until he recognized the document for what it was: a standard contract, of which Tony had filled out very little. By the time Steve had hastily averted his eyes and made to dart toward the fridge, Tony had caught him looking. He slid off the island with a slight wince, landing in front of Steve and jabbing a finger in his direction.
The dildo was small enough that Tony honestly didn’t think it required lube at all, but one glance was enough to confirm that Steve would not be bending on this point. So Tony coated the peach-coloured glass with a layer of slick.
“No indicators of pain stimulus detected, Dr. Banner. Scans for tissue and muscle damage remain clear.”
He went into patrolling that night more optimistic than he’d felt in years. He’d even gone so far as to ask May for advice about what to wear to the party, which had somehow resulted in a text-feud between her and Tony, who had been outraged not to have been chosen as fashion consultant. (Peter had been forced to intervene when Tony had begun threatening to fly in some famous designer.)
Hence, Community Day, in which the team suited up and then worked in small teams to help solve on-the-ground kinds of problems ranging from stolen purses and lost kids to, on one occasion Clint still never shut up about, breaking up fights at the Times Square Olive Garden. The problems were small, the solutions equally manageable, and the payoff immediate. Steve
Everyone else reacted with the overtrained instincts typical of them; Clint, Natasha, Thor and Bucky all drew weapons (a chopstick, a gun, mjolnir, and another gun respectively); Bruce stood and backed up several feet, trying to keep the Hulk at bay while the others ascertained the nature and threat-level of the sudden intruder. While temporarily pinned down by the body on top of his own, Phil made a valiant effort to grab for the gun holstered to his ankle. Steve was the only one who didn’t, couldn’t, move. Because he knew that face, the lines of that body, would know them anywhere.
“I’m already barely able to let myself go down for you. If we keep talking about this I’m going to take myself right out of headspace. Let’s go get this Dep under control and then we can sort through the rest of it. Idiot.” Steve’s hand tightened on the leash, even the insult Phil had added not enough to distract his instincts which had suddenly become aware that he was in close proximity to a willing submissive. Phil stumbled forward slightly, but caught himself and took several more steps until he was situated between Steve’s open legs.
Steve spanked with precision and calculation. Tony had felt it before, with the crop during their first scene, but where that had been delicate licks of pain akin to touching a finger to the flame of a candle, this was as consuming and encompassing as a wildifire. It pushed everything else out of his mind, left him helpless against the grunts and whimpers that escaped his mouth. He couldn’t even manage to count; by the time Steve stopped, Tony would have been equally surprised to learn the set had been three or three-dozen blows long.
However, monogamous couple-forms still enjoy a great deal of societal privilege. At the heart of this, and especially of the celebration of ‘True’ identifications and relationships, is a veneration of the idea that two people could be precisely suited to one another in every way, fulfilling one another’s every need and desire without any other parties involved. It is possible, of course, just as it is possible in other universes, but the intensity of popular culture’s attachment and circulation of these relationships as the ideal still has negative effects (causing some two stay in monogamous relationships where orientational and/or other needs are not being met, or making those in poly relationships feel ‘lesser.’)
“Aww, no need to be shy, Cap,” he teased, shifting his angle on Steve’s lap so that his hip jutted and his back arched. “I don’t bite unless specifically asked, I promise.”
“You’re a remarkable guy, and Tony is lucky to know you,” he said simply. Rhodes grinned, but any further reply was cut short by Natasha and Tony finally emerging from the basement. She ignored all of their curiosity, all their attempts to meet her gaze and seek answers; she wound her way through the space, slowly gathering what she wanted: an extra large and rarely used pillow (there was a structured piece at the front designed for kneeling, but also a large area meant for if a sub wished to lay down instead), a blanket, knitted with thick, soft-looking material in a wide weave, a few things Steve didn’t recognize but that looked like toys of some kind. He watched, interested but content to let things play out. Then Natasha unzipped Clint’s bag, which was still on the floor near the entrance because Clint hated unpacking, and emerged with a ball gag.
“You make a surprisingly good pillow given the whole muscles on muscles thing,” Tony babbled, then winced as an attempt to stretch some of the stiffness from his joints seemed to aggravate something in his neck. Bucky’s hand shot out and was gently manipulating the muscles there before he even seemed to have time to consider what he was doing. Tony groaned, tipping his head backward; Bucky responded with a low, wanting growl of his own.
The real issue came after it was over. He’d spent four long, intensive days learning to pretend to be someone else, and however closely that person resembled Tony himself, it had still been a performance. A lie. When he finally made it back to the penthouse, it was with uneasy realization that he would never get to be himself again. This half-fiction, half-truth was his life now.
I've also begun to integrate some elements of Endgame into this fic. It will not be fully compliant with that movie (can't be, really), but if you are trying to remain spoiler-free, or don't wish to acknowledge any aspects of the movie, that will get more challenging as this fic goes on.
He could see the dangerous signs of anger from the team. But if Tony stopped to dwell on the hints of green on Bruce’s skin, or the way Bucky body’s body language went from open and playful to closed and threatening in seconds, he knew he would never brave this subject again.
Steve dreamed of Tony. Not the man currently wearing his face and his body, but his Tony.  The first memory was a favourite, one his brain replayed at least twice a week.
Steve watched with pride and with a deep sense of contentment as Talia continued speaking. The room adored her; she was funny and articulate and so clearly at home in her body and her role that it was practically infectious, the same way her anger and discontent had once been. The applause when she finished was sincere, and it took ages for the conference room to clear out because almost everyone seemed to want to approach Talia, to thank her or ask follow up questions; Steve was reminded oddly of Tony at the big fancy parties, the way he seemed to have a kind of magnetic pull that brought others to him so that Tony could charm and dazzle them. Finally, it was just the two of them left, and Talia made a teasing show of just pretending to notice him.
His time with Coulson had been one of the first occasions where Tony had subbed for another member of the team without Steve present. Steve had been surprised to find himself feeling fairly relaxed about it at first, but the longer Tony appeared to be struggling in the aftermath, the more Steve started to wonder if this whole thing hadn’t been a mistake.
He is so used to the sarcastic, biting version of Gwen that hearing the almost lyrical and entirely genuine way she read the passage was a bit unnerving. Also unbearably beautiful. He didn't look away the entire time she spoke, or for several long beats afterward. And then he found himself turning just enough to bare his neck in submission.
The more desperate Steve felt, the more resolute and firm Tony seemed to become. He reached out and touched Steve’s cheek and Steve bowed his head, afraid he’d do something really dramatic like start crying if he actually looked at the man he was about to lose.
“The majority of the mistakes you make all come back to the fact that you think some truly horrifying and entirely untrue things about yourself. I know that’s been true for a long time, I know it probably doesn’t feel like a pattern that it’s even possible to break, but hear me when I tell you that we will do whatever—”
“For the first month after she had Peter my sister couldn’t stop calling her husband by their dog’s name,” May offered. “Kids make you lose your shit.”
“Just because you’re not bound to something doesn’t mean the implication of the cuffs isn’t clear. Hands on your thighs and don’t move ‘em again unless I tell you to. If you want to be my good boy you’ve gotta earn it, don’t you?” Clint’s index finger flicked out to play with the head of Tony’s cock as he said ‘good boy,’ and he chuckled darkly as Tony all but thrashed against the bed in response. “Right. Now, storytime. It’s a bit of a choose your own adventure tale, if you will. I’m gonna talk to you, tell you some things I’ve been thinking about since I read through your contract. I won’t touch on any hard limits, or anything you ranked below a 3 in terms of interest. If you particularly like something I’m saying, you’ll ask me politely for more. If you don’t like something, you can stay silent, or say ‘something else, Clint.”
They were still always careful about the D/s stuff, too, constantly checking in with Tony and asking his permission for almost any kind of orientation-based interaction, everything from hand feeding to the use of soft tools like blindfolds. It was kind, and Tony certainly wasn’t ready to be present for any of the more sexual elements, but as the D/s stuff was turning out to feel like it was the least bewildering part of this whole universe, their caution was also overkill at this point. He didn’t quite know how to say that to Coulson just yet, though, so he gave his permission and soon the spy trio emerged from the elevator.
“I mean, if this is you feelin’ guilty that you get to live the dream and all. You got Tony back, and maybe that has you thinking about me and how it doesn’t work out that way for everybody—”
Like always, it was wrapped with care in her suitcases, cradled between thick sweaters and wrapped in several scarves. Even still, decades of frequent and often unpredictable travel had left the occasional mark. There was a scratch near the mouth, and several chips in the lacquer. Her stomach churned as she carried it up to the playroom. It was undeniably precious to Natasha, but would an old, damaged ornament look simply out of place in the opulence of a home owned by Tony Stark? (Why couldn’t she have just claimed the truly massive box of sex toys she’d purchased as her only contribution to the playroom?)
It was only once they were in the car several hours later and Steve had the chance to glance down at his phone that he realized anything had come out of what he thought had been an idle comment. Tony had shared a folder with him that, when opened, revealed hundreds, maybe even thousands of pictures (new images were still being added.) They varied in both quality and focus; some were definitely the pictures people had taken on their phones during Steve and Tony’s dance, for instance. Others were much higher quality, and had to be taken by one of the official event photographers. (Steve had a vague memory now of seeing Tony talking to someone with a camera. There were so
He was halfway through his second cup when the rest of the team began to trickle in. First was Coulson and Barton.
“Hey kid. Good to see you. Clint, I swear if you are not off that bar in the next two seconds I will have your bow seized for extensive, weeks long maintenance.”
It was everything and nothing like kneeling for the team. The relief of being at someone’s feet, of having clear directions to follow and a guiding hand at his back, that felt largely the same. It helped, too, that Rhodey was hardly just anyone. He might not be Tony’s Dom, but he cared deeply about Rhodey’s approval. He wished he could make some kind of fabric out of the way it felt to have Rhodey tell him he was still good, still loved. None of it produced the corresponding sexual reactions Tony usually had when it was his team holding and supporting him, but he supposed that was proof in and of itself that Tony’s need for this was no longer entirely limited to his romantic relationships. This was a part of who he was now.
Peter had in fact given both questions a great deal of thought over the past few weeks and months. If it were just some sense of misplaced guilt about Tony’s death the way he’d first assumed, he thought it probably would have worn off by now. Perhaps Steve looked at it like a kind of mentoring thing, the way it had seemed Peter’s relationship with Tony had originally been developing before it had started to morph into something more parental. Except Steve didn’t seem overly interested in Spider-Man except when Peter specifically requested his help. But what, then, did that leave?
This is an interesting and complicated question. In some ways, this is a kind of open secret that everyone realizes, because how could they not on some level be aware that Tony, already an insecure person, likely struggles with living so literally in the shadow of his former self.
The self-loathing and frustration was ready to swallow him whole, ready to take Tony somewhere at least as bad as he’d been after the Snap. And then a hand reached out to touch his face. He flinched at first, anticipating a slap or even a punch, and Steve’s hand froze in midair, long enough for Tony to see his palm open, his fingers loose and unthreatening. Then his hand, which Tony knew from experience held the strength to completely dismantle him, touched his cheek, cradling his face with so much gentleness that it made him ache all over.
As always, take care of yourselves when reading, and feel free to let me know if you have questions or concerns.
This made it all the more shocking to enter Bruce’s lab and come face to face with the Hulk. For a moment, Tony was struck utterly dumb. It had been so long since he’d seen the Hulk in person, and longer still since it had really
“I’m thinking about keeping you in that harness and taking you out for breakfast,” he said impulsively. “Any interest?”
“That’s pretty standard. Most Dominants prefer to administer discipline as close to the actual infraction as possible. It makes the causal link between the behaviour and the punishment a lot clearer. More importantly, it prevents the submissive from making bigger mistakes out of guilt. That last one becomes a bigger issue when we’re talking about someone with subtonin in their system, because most subs and switches are wired to seek out punishment when they know they deserve it, and to escalate if they don’t receive it quickly. How did you feel after the spankings were over?”
“Excluding Stark Industries staff, maintenance workers, and others not on a need to know basis regarding your presence here: Dr. Banner, or rather his green companion, is in the playroom in the sub-basement. Captain Rogers is due to return shortly, though he has a scheduled appointment that I would not suggest interrupting. And Agent Coulson is working from his office in the Tower today.”
“But I…it’s, I haven’t felt like this in years. Could—maybe if we did this every day, the punishment thing?” Bruce’s touch to his ass turned less clinical, more of a soothing rub that he wouldn’t normally deliver during check-ins, which was a small comfort. (God, was Tony blinking back tears? Seriously?)
“Gift from Sam. I had this book where I kept track of all the things people told me I needed to look up about the future. He was horrified to find out I didn’t know the difference between Star Wars and Star Trek, and immediately took to trying to get me on his side about which one was better.” There was an awkward pause that lasted several beats where Peter tried and failed to come up with anything to say. This was absurd, because he had THOUGHTS about both Star Wars and Star Trek. Unfortunately, he was distracted by the way that the smile Steve wore now made him look several years younger than Peter had ever remembered. Even in old footage from the war, he’d always seemed older than his age. It was one of few things he’d felt the two of them had in common. (Was it weird to be upset that his mentor-frenemy sometimes seemed like he was doing better?) Steve cleared his throat and turned back to face the rapidly-darkening bacon. “Anyway I’m glad you’re up.”
Tony should have thanked her, he knew that. She was as good as promising to keep his secret, to stop the carefully constructed web of lies they’d built from crashing down around them, and he wanted to be grateful. He wanted to feel anything but numb. Rhodey handled that for him though, and asked the follow-up questions Tony’s brain was too staggered to ask.
This left only Steve. He was tempted to bow out too, but Tony seemed to anticipate that response, and he wasn’t having it. He strode over and got right in Steve’s face, and god he even
Tony still had feelings, numerous, dubious, borderline-shouty feelings about everything that had happened that morning, and all of it was made worse by how hungry he now was.
“I hand fed him lunch today.” Steve jolted in his seat like a shock had gone through him. That had been theirs, Tony had
“Oh, Ca—Steve, hey!” he called in a far different tone once he noted Steve’s awkward presence. “Wanna be the tiebreaker? Natasha has no appreciation for the finer things—”
Steve knew that, whatever his numerous protestations, check-ins had come to mean a lot to Tony. He hadn’t known quite how much, though, not until he saw the way Tony reacted to Bruce’s explanation as if it had been a physical blow. Bruce tucked a piece of hair behind the submissive’s ear.
“You won’t,” Steve soothed. “There’s a reason Natasha trusts you to be her eyes in this. You know the signs of a submissive in distress. You’ll know if the pain is helping him reach penitence or if it’s just piling one hurt on top of another. You’ll call it if you need to; you’d never pick appeasing Tony over keeping him safe.”
That…that, Tony hadn’t been expecting. He’d lived this lie for so long and with such flawless execution that this particular option never even occurred to him anymore when people threatened to expose his secrets (which they did on practically a weekly basis, to be fair.) Ice-cold panic gripped him, the pressure so intense and sudden it felt like it had when he’d first woken up to find half of what had once been his chest cavity taken up by the arc reactor. (Invasive, his insides suddenly on display, he couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe…oh fuck, anything anything but this.)
It was like watching a tennis match. As one, the eyes and attention of everyone in the room turned to Coulson, who was looking not at any of the other humans in the room, but up at the nearest camera.
“If the derivative of a function f(x) is given by f’(x)=x²-3x-10, on what interval does f(x) decrease?”
“There will also be some paperwork,” Phil added in his driest tone, “to get a sense of what you already know and suspect of your limits and what you might be particularly interested in exploring.”
the way this man was clearly ignorant about almost every way that pleasure and pain and intimacy were structured in this world. The gnawing feeling in his gut felt almost like pity.
Their attitudes and responses toward kink are likely the biggest site on which they differ, and yet the area in which they are most similar as well. The previous Tony Stark, while classified as a True, also struggled constantly against that identification, to the point that it was occasionally difficult for both he and his partners to differentiate between what he disliked because he simply did not enjoy it, and what he disliked because he was ashamed to desire it. The MCU Tony has, of course, no such hang-ups given that the was not raised in his universe or by this version of Howard Stark.
Peter promptly puts the hours he’s just put into the web-fluid alterations to waste by spilling his Red Bull all over them. He tries his best to clean them up, even sacrifices the shirt he’s wearing, one of his only ones without any holes, toward soaking up the worst of the mess. Sam tries to help, and FRIDAY assures him that one of the many protocols she inherited from JARVIS had been an auto-scan of active documents any time there was food or drink nearby. None of this is reassuring.
“It’s absolutely nothing like that,” Steve interrupted. “It’s not even…the thing with Tony is…well, it’s complicated.”
“Is this a decommissioned base? Seriously? You missin’ work that much, buddy?” Tony teased. “And don’t the Air Force and Army kind of hate each other, isn’t that like a thing?” Rhodey drew back his faceplate, smirking.
Before anyone gets mad at me (slight spoilers ahead for the Peter arc) please know that I love May, and this story will not be painting her as some kind of cruel or negligent parent in order to bring Peter and Tony closer together. She's been under an incredible amount of stress for a very long time, and her actions in this chapter.
Slowly, the room started to fill up as the rest of the team trickled out of bedrooms in twos and threes. They all greeted Tony with their usual warmth, and so many of them offered to bring him food and beverages of one kind or another that he started having JARVIS greet each new person with an update about exactly how much Tony had already consumed that day. They exchanged pleasant inquiries about the quality of one another’s sleep, debated acceptable yogurt parfait inclusions (prompted by Clint’s attempt to put a layer of chocolate cereal in his), and they made a group video-call to Dummy and the other bots to assure them of their well-being and their plans to return. The latter especially was fucking adorable, but the longer the whole thing went on, the more worry started to gnaw at Tony. Were they going to spend the entire vacation like this, ignoring the circumstances that had brought them there in favour of keeping the peace? Once upon a time, Tony would have been all in favour of that kind of thing, but now, well, they’d gone and taught him to want more. (Assholes.)
At first it wasn’t bad at all, actually. Kissing, Tony was increasingly convinced, was Steve’s true superpower. Steve never kissed like he was in a hurry to get to the next step and just checking a box. Like everything else, Steve kissed with his entire being, licking his way into Tony’s mouth and nipping at his lips like he could never possibly be satisfied even if they stayed like that forever. After they’d made out for so long that Tony had almost forgotten Sunset Bain had ever existed, Steve showed off a tie Thor had taught him. It was an over-arm posture; Tony’s wrists were brought into a column tie and then lifted over his head and locked off with a horizontal tie at the centre of his back.
Phil’s steps were crisp and even as he entered the quinjet. (Still in Agent Coulson mode, then. That was probably for the best.) He inspected Steve the same way he always did, pushing Steve’s back up against the chair when he tried to curl in on himself and hide from the weight of Phil’s regard. God, the sight he must make. The white star on his chest was the discoloured orange of dried blood, which was also in Steve’s hair and face. His hands were a complete disaster; when Natasha and Thor had finally succeeded in pulling Steve off Taskmaster, he’d taken several shots at the wall instead, until one of them had creaked ominously and Natasha had hissed,
,” Bruce cut in, rising to his feet. He might be trying to exude a semi-neutral position. But even Tony, who was maybe less attuned to the signs than any of the rest of them, could feel how badly Bruce wanted, maybe even needed, whatever was coming. Even if Tony hadn’t been interested for his own sake, he didn’t think his submissive side would ever be okay with not giving his Dominant something he clearly desired so much. “I know that most of today hasn’t been negotiated in advance, but there are some things we don’t feel comfortable not discussing with you beforehand. The first is that we had intended to play around with pain, which we haven’t done since getting back from Malibu.”
“Oh don’t mind him. He’s just pissed that he had to fly here with a warmed-up behind, that’s all. Tried to take off on me last night so he could get here sooner.” It was clear that Tony had sustained no real damage, and that he bore no actual ill-will towards Rhodes; indeed, he emerged from the kitchen bearing two steaming mugs, one of which he handed off with a smile he couldn’t quite turn into a frown despite his best efforts. It was still a surprise, though, to hear Rhodes speak so casually of punishing Tony, whom Steve had thus far found to be almost rigidly well-behaved as a submissive. (Maybe he felt safer, somehow, bratting with Rhodes? Something to keep an eye on. It wasn’t like Steve wanted to punish Tony, but he wanted him to feel safe seeking out more minor corrections if and when he needed them.)
“But I don’t understand,” Steve interjected. He was finally sitting down now, at least, even if his posture was more suggestive of someone in a cheap, springless armchair rather than the damn comfortable seating of the Tower’s board rooms. His head was cocked in that way that meant he was really thinking, and Toy wasn’t prepared for the wave of fondness that sight produced. Christ he was going to miss Steve.  “Tony this is great news, isn’t it? You get the best of both worlds; you get some of the aspects of being a sub in this universe without having to do it all at once. I don’t, why would that make you want to leave?”
Content Notes: The second of the Doctor's responses contains mention (not graphic) of recurring miscarriages and struggles with fertility.
Tony froze halfway through a sip of the smoothie Steve had made him; several bright orange drops dribbled from his lips and down onto his shirt. But before Steve could apologize on both of their behalves, or assure the other man that he was in no way expected to actually sit at Steve’s feet, Tony shrugged and plopped himself down right in the spot Bucky had indicated. He wasn’t kneeling, thank
