Cas placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Coming out is scary, especially to people you love and are afraid to lose. They don’t know about me, either – and the idea of telling them is…frightening,” Cas admitted. “Maybe…maybe I could come out to them first, see how they react?” he mused.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, that’s about when it happened. But before I get there – did you know that Dean was Lee’s dirty little secret? I was – or, well, we thought I was the only one who knew.”
“I – I know,” Sam stuttered nervously. “But... I wanted you to know.” He turned to face Dean, eyes steely. “I’m asexual. It means I’m not sexually attracted to anyone. And no matter what Dad, idiots on the internet, or society might think, I am NOT a freak.” He deflated a little. “Not that I’m exactly ready to tell the world yet, but...” He glanced away, at the doorway, before turning back to face Dean. “I thought you should know. Because...Dad’s wrong.”
“I…I don’t know if I have all the answers you want,” Cas started slowly. “But I’ve always felt that my interest in sex was best described as somewhere between neutral and opposed – or indifferent and repulsed, if you want to use the scale properly. But. The point is – whatever I am, I am definitely interested in looking and touching, that is for certain. As for doing anything like – that asshole,” he spat, “my only interest in doing anything like him is replacing bad memories with better ones.” His voice grew deeper. “So, at least to start, plan on that happening. And depending on how it goes, I am very interested in…exploring further avenues. And Dean? This is not a one-way street. It’s not only up to me, what we do and what’s on the table. I want to know what interests you, what happens in your secret fantasies – and do my best to make them reality.” He coughed lightly. “After doing some research, of course. I don’t – I don’t know for sure what is within my comfort zone, or what my boundaries are exactly, but – I have some ideas. And there’s plenty of room to…investigate.”
“Probably should have guessed that. Well, I did know, Dean made it pretty clear, but – he also said that their – their thing was helping him get over Dad, so. He asked me not to interfere, and like an idiot, I promised him I wouldn’t. They got…more intense – ”
Sam and Cas put their research skills to work the next day, while Dean played interference with Bobby and Mary. Aside from giving some excuse for their absentmindedness and disappearances aside from meals, the two boys weren’t fussed about the details and focused on gathering a variety of useful and well-written materials.
Dean just tugged Cas into a side hug and tucked Cas’ head into his shoulder. “Guess we’ll have to experiment, see what you like and don’t like. But you have to promise you’ll be honest and clear with me, alright? None of this faking it to make me happy bullshit.”
Dean had made sure to text Lee in the whirlwind of leaving – he wasn’t sure if his friend was ready to see him yet, considering their relationship shift, but at least over text he was able to properly apologize. And Lee seemed to have accepted it fully – he was even talking about another guy, a cute geek that was in one of his basic requirement classes.
Cas was quiet for the rest of lunch, trying to figure out what he had missed, because a reaction like that from Dean definitely meant he was missing something.
The two women exchanged looks behind his back. “Apparently, forty-five minute’s worth of staring awesome,” Mary finally chuckled.
Her chuckle interrupted his train of thought. “Same old Cassie. I’m fine – well, fine for now. I just – I need a place to stay, for a little while.”
Once the food was finished – pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon galore – the Winchesters and guests descended on breakfast like the hungry vultures they were. Sam and Dean in particular bickered over the amounts Dean dished out, Sam claiming that Dean was skimping on his portion while Dean just growled for Sam to save some for everyone else.
Dean flopped on his bed and groaned into his comforter. For such a nerdy-looking guy, Cas (Castiel was such a damn mouthful, Cas was so much easier, especially in his own head) was a damn hard taskmaster. Lines had gone well the night before, and Dean was thankful that they had stuck when Cas drilled him on them that night, but then Cas had started on the choreography – and that was ridiculous. Cas could explain it until his tongue fell out, but Dean just wasn’t. Getting. It. And he wanted to, he really wanted to, he hated feeling stupid like this – but whatever Cas said just went in one ear and out the other.
Cas was hoping that would be the end of having to deal with his relatives – especially once Bobby returned saying that the school transfer was well underway. He may have been hoping against hope, but at least he had an uninterrupted evening.
And here's Severepaperdragon's AMAZING art for a scene in this chapter! (You can also find it on Tumblr
Kaia hesitated but nodded, collecting her pajamas and towel the same way Claire had. Claire leaned on the wall next to the bathroom door as Kaia entered. “I’ll be right here,” she promised. And Kaia smiled gratefully, closing the door behind her.
And like Dean had thought, it was great to have Cas at D&D. He was definitely a convert, too, if the excitement in his eyes as the session progressed was any indication. Charlie and Dean’s sneaky plan to get Cas into D&D to secretly extend his friend group, because Cas was awesome and deserved more friends, was progressing very well.
Cas was about to push it back under the bed – it wasn’t his business what Dean stored there, and he could always ask about it later – when Dean came barging in, hair still wet and a thick towel wrapped loosely around his hips.
Dean came close enough for Castiel to almost reach the phone in his outstretched hand. “...Are you sure?”
One particularly rough tussle in the garage led to Lee pinning Dean on the floor, faces almost close enough to touch. Dean still didn’t know who had moved first, but all of a sudden they were kissing. After a pretty swoon-worthy kiss, if Dean said so himself, they both stared at each other – Dean confused, Lee looking almost…scared? But before Dean could say anything, Lee had grabbed his stuff and run off.
“Right! I’ve only ever dated girls. But…I mean…I don’t know, there are some pretty hot male celebrities out there, y’know? Like Harrison Ford, Dr. Sexy, Gene Kelly, James Marsden, Aaron Tveit, Hugh Jackman - but, like, just thinking they’re hot doesn’t mean I’m gay!”
She hummed in thought as they started walking through the store again. “Well, snack preferences seems like an easy one – just ask him the next time you boys have a movie night. As for the rest…relationships aren’t easy, Dean, and one of the best ways to create a great one is also one of the hardest: you have to communicate, and communicate honestly. I’m guessing that his family is definitely going to be a sore spot, so maybe don’t press too hard about it, but tell him about some of your family history, and your romantic history; show him that you trust him, and you want him to know about you, and if he’s the kinda guy I think he is, he’ll do the same when he’s ready. And if not – well, you just refer him to me or Bobby,” she finished sternly.
Cas just nodded, then raised an eyebrow. “You said that there’s no reason for Sam and I to have met other than you introducing us…but that’s what you did.”
“And you?” Bobby asked gruffly after letting Sam go and subtly wiping at his eyes. “Did you come just to give Sam support, or do you have something to tell me too?”
Dean took a deep breath. “Maybe – maybe after the play ends? I – I want to talk, but – I really don’t want it to distract me from being Link and everything. So, can we – can we agree that we’re good, and we’ll talk properly after?”
(Dean did. And his bubble tea and getting Cas to laugh over lunch helped soothe the helpless frustration at Cas’ situation – it wasn’t something he could fix, and it didn’t seem like something Cas would even want him to try and fix. Still, it bugged him.)
Claire offered them a relieved smile. “Thank you. It won’t be forever, I promise. I just – we just need some time.”
The smug grin on his – on Zachariah’s face was unbearable. “My mother finally accepted a Christmas invitation, Castiel! Couldn’t have a family Christmas without my son around, of course.”
“I’m told the food is worth it,” Cas whispered, taking a deep breath and squaring his shoulders. He briefly glanced at the menu before passing it to Dean. “I’m getting a salmon bento and matcha.”
Cas let out a sigh. “We’ll figure something out. For now, I know the Winchesters won’t mind taking you in – let me just ask my friend if I can borrow his car and I’ll meet you, we’ll drive over to their house, alright?”
Lee definitely liked the panties. After Dean mentioned he had only bought the one pair and didn’t have any more, Lee – got more. Somehow.
In any case, shifting worldview or not, Cas truly enjoyed getting to watch Dean and his friends play this fascinating game, reveling in their victories and bemoaning their defeats; unable to fully follow the plot of their adventure, as he was entering mid-campaign, but he was quickly sucked into the chaotic energy nonetheless, and when the session began to wrap up, Cas was shocked to see that it had been over four hours since he had walked in the door – and even more shocked to find that he was disappointed that it was over.
So Dean found himself spending more and more time with Cas, to the point that he decided that crashing Cas’ study sessions and starting movie nights back up wasn’t enough – Cas should start coming to D&D regularly.
(And if Dean’s birthday and Christmas presents almost entirely revolved around Arcimboldo-themed books and prints for the next two years? Well, Dean was the determined kind; if he’d been much older, Mary was certain he’d have been scraping together money from odd jobs to buy as many Arcimboldo prints and books he could get his hands on. As it was, by the time he was old enough to be earning his own money, the Arcimboldo fever had mostly been sated; and minimum twice a month visits to the National Galleries quickly petered out after the Arcimboldo exhibit left.)
Sam lit up. “Actually, Mom and Bobby and I were just talking – and I did it, I came out to Mom, and it went great!”
“I’m fine, Sam, god,” Dean snapped. Sam blanched as the tone of voice registered, shrinking in on himself a little.
“Fiiiiiiiiine,” Castiel sighed (not whined, of course not; he may have been tired but he still had his dignity). Dean just grinned and stuck to Castiel like – like – like a sticky thing, nudging him here and there to stop him from tilting too far one way or crashing into any obstacles. Finally, Castiel arrived at his dorm safely and got inside, but he grabbed the door before it could swing shut. “And – and you? Where’s your dorm?”
Castiel’s smile softened. “After the play then, Dean. I promise we’ll talk then, and I promise we’re good now.”
Someone Castiel assumed to be the head of the club called everyone to attention before he and Meg could continue their conversation. “Alright all, welcome to the first Gender and Sexuality Alliance meeting of the year – although you’re far more likely to hear us call it the GSA. My name is Wren, I go by they/them pronouns. We’ve got a big group this time, so we’re going to start by going around and introducing ourselves – let’s start with name, year, pronouns, major and orientation, if you feel comfortable telling us. No pressure either way. Let’s start with you, to my right.”
At first, Dean didn’t get it. “Of course we’ve been driving safe, Bobby, you know me better than that!”
But the words didn’t come to him, and finally Cas interjected quietly. “Lee was your first boyfriend – or, at least, non-girlfriend – and him leaving you behind like that…it must have hurt quite a lot.”
Seemingly to apologize for his earlier abrupt manner, Dean had arranged for them to watch The Princess Bride on his laptop. “This is a classic, Cas, and deserves your full attention,” Dean firmly instructed him before pressing play.
That being said, Castiel was still a little pissed at Dean and was not going to make this as easy as Dean seemed to have thought it would go. “Okay, Dean, I’ll talk to your brother – but I want his phone number, I’ll contact him directly,” Castiel said firmly.
“Really?” Dean couldn’t help groaning in exasperation, hoping no one else noticed the blush he could feel starting on his face. “You gotta tell us all that? And here I thought you were a gentleman who didn’t kiss and tell!”
Dean had decided that, in order to seriously think about Cas’ desire to date him, it was important to spend dating-levels of time with him. Which, based on previous dating experience was basically…most of the day, every day.
“I’m sorry about her,” Dean winced as they entered his room. “She wouldn’t bother if she knew, but…I didn’t want to out you without talking about it first.”
He spent most of the car ride there chattering about his D&D group and what had been happening to their characters; it was a good group, and there were plenty of hilarious shenanigans to share – especially about Gabriel and his bard character.
But after the presents had been unwrapped and the breakfast had been devoured, and the clean-up had only barely begun, there was a knock at the door.
Sam shook his head firmly. “No way. No, I don’t want you doing that for me.” He sighed. “I want to, but maybe…telling them is going to mean telling them *everything,* including that Dean lied, so we should definitely talk to him before we do anything.”
Searching for anything else to talk about, Dean’s gaze landed on the Boggle game still out on Sam’s bed. “Oh man, you talked Cas into playing Boggle with you?” Dean groaned.
“I – I don’t think it is either, Dean, but you have to admit – ”  Sam started before Dean couldn’t stand to hear any more.
Bobby shook his head. “Of course that idjit decided to harass a stranger to help Sam – because he did harass you, didn’t he?”
After school let out, Claire and Kaia met back up to head back home. “How’d the meeting go?” Kaia asked, wrapping her hand around Claire’s.
Castiel wasn’t sure what he had been expecting Dean to tell him about Lee, but – it wasn’t all of that. His dad dying, Lee compounding that grief with his…*despicable* treatment of Dean and abrupt exit, then Dean figuring out that his identity was still not enough to ensure acceptance from the community or society at large – that it could put a target on his back…
The next morning, while Dean was occupied helping Bobby make bacon (“the most important breakfast food, Cas!”), Cas sidled up to Sam.
“Sammy was pretty upset when he found out, mostly worried that Lee wasn’t treating me right – which, in retrospect, of course, Sammy was totally right, but, right then…Lee made me forget,” Dean confessed quietly. “He made me forget about my guilt, about my grief, about – about the future. He grounded me in the moment, that was all I could think about when I was with him, and it felt so good. I mean, looking back, Lee was more like an addiction than anything healthy, but…at the time, it felt like he was all that was keeping me together, and if Sammy had ruined that…well. I don’t want to even think about what could have happened, but luckily Sammy backed off and just…let me enjoy my horrible coping mechanism in peace,” Dean chuckled bitterly.
And in the end, that was indeed the argument that convinced his parents that his moving five hours away to go to school was acceptable. As long as family was there – as long as Zachariah and Naomi had a way to keep an eye on him – they accepted Cas’ choice.
“Yep,” Bobby replied casually. “Now shoo, you and Sam go – play cards, or something, but get out of my kitchen. Don’t let him peek, Samuel!” he called sternly as Sam raced out of the kitchen, Dean sulkily following.
Bobby pulled up two chairs and sat himself down. “What’s got you so twisted up, kid?” Bobby asked gruffly but not unkindly.
Cas could see why D&D could become such an addicting game. In fact, it was one he was suddenly itching to join himself. After the session wrapped up, Charlie sidled up to Cas. “I have a strict rule against new players joining mid-campaign. But there will definitely be a seat for you next time, if you’re interested?” Charlie asked.
“Yeah,” Mary agreed – the pictures didn’t do the light display justice. But she quickly refocused. “You’re welcome to spend as long here as you like – but Dean? No running, stay aware of other people, and *don’t* leave the concourse, alright? I’ll be right here. The concourse on the right goes forward, and the one on the left will bring you back here, okay? But don’t go the wrong way, you might confuse people.”
Dean’s handle on the choreography was, of course, terrible, but Castiel could work with that. “So the focus is the few lines you *don’t* know and the choreography. Plus some of the smaller details, where to be on stage, practicing with the other cast members on stage…” Castiel smiled. “I admit, Dean, this is not going to be as difficult as I had thought.”
He was tired enough to drift off almost immediately after getting under the covers, no stressing or worrying about sharing a bed with Dean for the first time like he had feared.
“Father, if anyone – anyone – from the family shows up, I think that Claire will run. That means you or Mother as well, not just her parents.”
“If you had asked me, I would have told you that,” Bobby added gruffly. The sheriff turned to glare at him.
Cas just buried his face in her shoulder and breathed. His Grandma Irene had always been a kind but distant figure, sending plenty of gifts for all the holidays and calling every so often, but this was the first time he had seen her in person since he was little.
Sam smirked. “You can say that again. But yeah, that’s basically what happened, and then…you talked him out of making what could have been the biggest mistake of his life. But talking about Lee today…I don’t think that Dean’s going to end up handling it well.”
Dean went silent. “Let’s just say it was bad,” he finally continued. “And Lee being my first…anything since figuring out I…wasn’t straight, there was some…”
“Well, you know they’ll be safe under my mom’s roof. Between her and Bobby, pretty sure there’s nothing they can’t handle. It’ll be okay, Cas – they’ll be okay.” Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and gave a comforting squeeze.
And then Mary was a whirlwind, placing towels, hair products, soap and extra clothes on the bed as she explained that there was only one bathroom on this floor, but everyone else was going straight to bed, so it was theirs if they wanted to shower before going to sleep.
“Great! See you two later. And don’t forget to let Sam know about this, Cas, he’ll help hold Dean accountable,” Charlie chirped as she left.
Sam’s musing was interrupted by Bobby coming up behind him. “Is there anything I should know about Dean’s senior year?” Bobby rumbled. “Dean…wasn’t forthcoming.”
Or that’s what he thought, until Claire came back from checking on Kaia. “Cassie…did – did you talk to my parents? At all?”
Dean’s neck got hot, and Cas smiled as he pictured the blush spreading over his boyfriend’s face. “I hate it when you’re right,” Dean groaned.
He never pushed anyone’s boundaries, accepting brush-offs as easily as more positive responses (because neither his mother nor Charlie would stand for anything less) but he could feel some judgmental stares from around the room, which – understandable.
He scheduled a call with Sam and explained the situation: lots of touching, the conversation about perhaps being open to dating, and Dean’s sudden reluctance to accept his touch.
Dean smiled gratefully at his brother. “Thanks. And, uh – Bobby’s talking to Mom, so maybe…y’know. Stay up here and out of the way for now?”
But when he got into Sam’s room, he wasn’t there. Dean hung around for a few minutes, waiting for his brother to reappear, but when he didn’t, Dean just sighed and sat down at Sam’s desk. He pulled out his phone and started halfheartedly doing some research, figuring that Sam would show up at some point. But before he knew it, Dean was much farther down the rabbit hole than he had intended, and jumped when Sam suddenly asked from behind him, “What’re you doing?”
Dean’s brain started to fuzz out a little at all the possibilities Cas was parading in front of him. He spoke up when something didn’t sound all that appealing or really bothered him, but as a whole…Cas had found some very, very good ideas.
As agreed, Castiel waited for Dean backstage. When the new Link showed up, Castiel took him to an empty classroom.
Dean couldn’t help smiling at Cas’ eager beaver status when he reached the cafeteria, even as his stomach twisted at the thought of eating; but still, he gathered some soup, crackers and bread, figuring a lighter meal would be easier to force down during this conversation.
As his mom had promised, three weekends passed faster than Dean had thought – and he had even gotten to see Cas on the second weekend, which was awesome! It sucked that he and Cas couldn’t go to the same school, but it was fun getting to show Cas some of the cool things he’d been learning (how was it possible no one had shown Cas how to make a fortune teller yet?).
So Cas let himself get pulled into playing Boggle – which was indeed fun, if a little loud between rounds. He was almost completely distracted from Dean’s strange behavior; at least until Dean came knocking, almost timidly, at Sam’s door. “Uh, Sammy is it…is it okay if I borrow Cas for a little while?” Dean asked awkwardly.
“That was very thoughtful of him,” Cas smiled as he emerged from his second cup of coffee. “I’ll have to thank him later.”
They quickly settled with Cas and Sam, talking about their past years. “Yeah, Mom doesn’t like that I haven’t even looked at colleges, but – I’ve been running the Roadhouse with her! I don’t need to waste time and money on some fancy-ass degree when I’m already getting the experience I *really* need, right?”
Dean showed up at four looking unusually surly. “Is everything alright, Dean?” Castiel asked worriedly. “If you’re not feeling well, we’re ahead of schedule, we can take a day off if you need it…”
“Of course,” Cas promised. “She will be perfectly fine where she is right now. She’s out right now, otherwise I’d ask if she wanted to talk to you, but – ”
“Wrangling my brother is a full-time job; it’s easier the more of us wranglers there are,” Sam responded cheekily. “Good luck Cas.”
Dean looked back at John and Sam before turning to Mary with a determined expression. “Dad’s got Sammy. I wanna see the lights!”
Bobby smirked at the girls and Sam behind both women’s backs as Mary immediately folded. “No, no, you came all the way out here, you should have something to eat.”
…So of course, right as he got settled and ready to play, who else but Cas walked in. Dean was all ready to get up and go, claim a sudden onset sickness, but Cas…Cas had bought his favorite jerky. Not just his favorite brand, but a number of his favorite flavors.
Mary ruffled his hair. “Time’ll fly by faster than you think – and hey, if it’ll make you feel better, maybe you and Cas can have playdate between now and then?”
“Hey, I totally can,” Dean defended himself. “And if they’re that bad, you shouldn’t have to take them on all by yourself.”
He couldn’t help himself; he had to try them on. Now. So that’s what he did, stripping down and slipping on the smooth underwear. He had guessed right, the panties fit him like a glove, cupping his ass and rubbing his dick in a really…new way. He angled himself in the mirror, looking at himself and just…enjoying the feeling.
Claire raised an eyebrow at Kaia, who shrugged but then nodded. “Guess I’m showering first,” the blonde stated as she collected her set of toiletries.
Then Cas mentioned…dating. And if Cas was thinking about dating, something Dean hadn’t even considered somehow…Cas was going to be touching someone else. Cas was going to be touching someone else like this, not Dean, and so Dean…Dean had to start learning to live without Cas’ constant touches.
The sheriff – who had raised her eyebrow when Claire mentioned getting kicked out – let out a sigh as she finished. “And of course that bastard didn’t mention why you two had left,” she grumbled to herself (but still loudly enough for Claire to hear and start to hope that maybe, just maybe this wouldn’t end with being dragged kicking and screaming back to her parents’ house).
“No, no, it’s not – I’m fine. Really, I am,” he continued hastily when Castiel shot him a look at the unconvincing lie. “I just – it’s not practice, okay? It’s…bigger than that.”
Cas went without protest. He had a lot to think about, and a lot of time to figure out what to do with the information that had fallen in his lap.
Dean couldn’t help kissing Cas’ hand that he still held in his grasp. “More than worth it to date you, to be at your side where I belong.”
And to his surprise, quite a mixed crowd attended. Even someone he could have sworn was straight, with the swagger and all the flirting, but…Castiel shook his head. It didn’t matter – Castiel was not here to judge. He was quickly distracted by the dark-haired woman who barreled up to him.
Dean stared at the box in his hands, starting to sweat a little, and jumped when he heard Cas’ knock. “Dean?”
Dean smiled when he got those texts; he knew that he alone wasn’t enough for his brother, but he was glad he had found someone else better.
John had been sent on a mission that went to hell, and he, along with the rest of his unit, had died.
In the meantime, Cas was happy to participate in whatever method of distraction Dean and Sam preferred as they waited for Mary’s return. He was surprised when the choice was a board game he had never heard of.
Here, Dean stumbled far more often – but, Castiel had to admit, Dean only stumbled where the movie and play dialogue diverged; overall, he really did seem to know the part and have a decent grasp of how to play the character. Perhaps this wouldn’t be a complete disaster.
…Especially knowing that Cas…didn’t have context. Cas had never met Lee, never met his father, hadn’t had the chance to form…opinions the way Sammy had. No prejudice or preconceived notions clouding his judgment, just Dean telling his side of the story to a blank slate.
Irene smiled. “A better reason for him moving than you might think – Castiel doesn’t tend to get along with children his age.”
Sam beamed at him. “It went great! And Bobby said he’d talk to Mom, so I’m waiting to tell her til he gives me the all clear, but – I feel a whole lot better knowing he’s on my side.”
But, Cas realized, there really wasn’t much that he could do about it. He could guess and worry until his hair went gray, but he wouldn’t be able to figure out anything his father had planned until it was already happening.
Once they reached campus, Dean tersely instructed Cas where to park and walked him to his dorm, still silent otherwise. He only waved to Cas’ tentative “Good night,” but Cas had expected that – and the couple days of silence that followed. What he had *not* expected was the seven (and counting) days of silence, especially when Sam’s texts about Dean grew increasingly worried as Cas continued to have nothing to tell him. Sam wanted to visit, badly, but some big school project had come up and he didn’t have the time – which only left him more frustrated at his own powerlessness. Cas was on campus, but…every time he tried to talk to Dean, the older Winchester brother would wiggle out of it; he would find any excuse to be anywhere else.
Dean hunched his shoulders. “Oops. You could have let me know I was taking too long,” he muttered, lightly bumping shoulders with Cas.
In the moment, Castiel did – and meant it, but he forgot about how he was usually the last person kicked out of the library when they closed on Fridays and he was usually the only person left awake on campus for those stumbling home walks. Usually, that is; tonight, one Dean Winchester had decided to show up, and Castiel let his fatigue and annoyance get the better of him.
But even so, there was a goal to be achieved, and while violence was often used to achieve progress towards that goal – well, there was in RISK as well. Supernatural and roleplaying elements aside, there wasn’t enough difference in the two games to justify his father’s deep-seated hatred for one and love of the other – D&D was nowhere near the “devil worship” that his father ranted about.
Cas shook his head before remembering that Sam couldn’t see him. “N-no, not unless you count the one mention of not being interested in dating, all the way back when he gave me your phone number – and his,” Cas mumbled. “Aside from that…I mean, clearly he likes sex, and he knows I’m asexual, so maybe that’s…?”
Dean just kept wiggling, too excited to even bother sticking his tongue out at her like he usually would. He and Cas were going back to the art museum, *and* they were going to get to see the cool new paintings! Could this day get any better??
“I warned you, Winchester!” Charlie yelled as she pushed Dean inside the room, slammed the door and locked it. “Now start talking, I’ll be back in two hours to check on you!” Her shout was only slightly muffled through the door, but her footsteps walking away sent the message pretty clearly: they were stuck here.
Dean shrugged it off, figuring that Lee just wasn’t quite as heteroflexible as he had been recently discovering he was; no big deal. And at school, Lee acted like nothing had happened, so Dean just followed his lead. Then Lee led him behind the bleachers after classes. Dean turned, expecting some sort of heart-to-heart or no-homo talk, but instead Lee just started kissing him again.
At that, Lee let out a moan of his own and stopped Dean’s grinding to yank Dean’s jeans down and spin Dean to face him. “Did my good girl secretly wear her panties all day long at school?” Lee panted out, attacking Dean’s mouth before he could answer.
Sam sighed. “Cas, I know, it’s a big ask, but who else is going to do it?? I know he can do it, and do it well, he just…he just needs some help. And you were already helping Gabe anyway! Just…” The younger boy clasped his hands together and beseeched Castiel with wide eyes. “Please?”
Dean bought himself some time by serving up the pizza, but even George’s couldn’t save him for too long; Cas was far too determined to talk.
But it did put a slight damper on his enthusiasm, realizing that even after becoming boyfriends, there was still so much he didn’t know about Cas.
“I can’t disagree with the sentiment, Jody, but you can still watch your language in my house,” Mary grumbled.
Dean smirked. If he wasn’t in any kind of physical trouble, but he still wanted Dean’s help… “What’s her name?”
“Yeah, yeah, go,” Claire whispered back, getting up to sit next to Cas and clutch his hand as Kaia fled.
In the moment, Dean went a bit on autopilot, nodding and offering one-word answers to Lisa while trying to absorb the fact that Lisa had broken up with him. And it wasn’t like he’d been in love with her or anything, but – he thought they’d been working, been content together if not exactly blindingly happy. Had he done something wrong?
Sam was worried, to say the least. “Dean, do you really think that being someone’s dirty secret is – well, okay?”
Cas took a deep breath. “Actually, Father…I thought I would spend the holidays here this year. With Claire, since she won’t have any other family around.” Cas crossed his fingers that his father would swallow the white lie. (Sam had taught him the habit, and he figured – silly and superstitious as it might be – he needed all the luck he could get.)
“Dean’s been susceptible to a good puppy-dog-eyes since I was five, I figured yours would work just as well,” he chuckled.
“Please,” Cas asked quietly. “This has been...very aggravating. I just want to know how to fix it,” he whispered.
Dean tried to text a reply, but he kept second-guessing himself and deleting anything he typed out. Finally he just hit the call button.
Cas went home satisfied with the day’s productivity: he had finally gotten Dean to agree to talk to him, thanks to Charlie, and he had also discovered an exciting possible new hobby. He would have to participate in a future campaign to know for sure, of course, but he had a good feeling. He was…worried about what Dean might reveal during their talk tomorrow, but it was important for Dean to talk about whatever had happened.
Then he remembered – the restaurant wasn’t that far from the National Mall. He could walk over, visit the National Galleries – he hadn’t had a chance in a while. So he headed off.
It took another hour, but finally Dean chose a print that he could hang in his room and they were leaving the museum, Dean placated with promises that they’d be back soon.
Sam started to chatter away about clubs and people he thought the two girls should meet, so Claire slipped her hand into Kaia’s and listened.
The two girls spent most of the afternoon talking and laughing, enjoying their time together. Finally Claire worked up the courage to ask Kaia if she might want to meet up like this again, soon?
Seeing Lee’s reaction only worried Sam more, but he knew that Dean wouldn’t listen, and – well. He didn’t want to out Dean to Bobby or his mom, so he just resolved to keep a close eye on both Lee and Dean.
But Dean was abruptly jerked out of his train of thought when Bobby called them down to dinner. Immediately, Dean yanked the panties out of Cas’ hands, shoved them in the box and the box under his bed and dragged Cas downstairs.
Once John was out of her life, Bobby became an invaluable presence helping her deal with the aftermath of John and the sudden loss of her two boys. He had been there through it all, helped get the boys excited to come up to Sioux Falls every summer, and Mary couldn’t have been more grateful for it.
Dean shrugged. “If I wasn’t dating anyone else? I’d say yes. But, y’know, we’re kind of a thing now, so, not happening.”
And indeed, by the time the president called the meeting to order, Dean had to admit he was glad he had come. He had met some of Charlie’s other friends and even been invited to join their next D&D campaign. He had never played before, but if Charlie had gotten so excited about it, he had to at least see what all the fuss was about.
Irene turned to face Mary, cell phone flipped open. “Would you feel comfortable exchanging numbers? I think I am going to talk to Castiel’s parents about him staying, and him having made a friend in the area already will definitely help – not to mention I’d hate for this to be the only time they get to see each other. They look so happy,” Irene added, smiling softly at the happy picture of the two boys chattering excitedly back and forth.
Dean immediately snapped to attention, staring at the guy defiantly glaring around the room, as though waiting for someone to say something. When no one did, he smiled brightly and sat back, tension bleeding out of his posture.
Growling again, great, that shut Dean up for way too long, but he finally got himself together again long enough to drop his hands and get a look at Cas. “Please stop – saying stuff! I don’t – ”
This is the chapter that earned the M rating! The warnings about John Winchester, Lee Webb, Dean's panty/feminization kink and bad BDSM etiquette are in full effect; if any of that is worrying, there will be a (much less detailed) recap in another chapter - you do not need to read this to understand the rest of the fic.
Castiel stared at him. “They’ve been worried about the guy stalking me!” The “you idiot” ending to the sentence was strongly implied.
After a second, Cas responded, “Sam says you’re a jerk.” And with that, Dean was off, insulting everything from Sam’s taste in music to his getting-way-too-long-hair and his bad-news-friends (not Cas, of course, never Cas) and Dean was so busy being outraged and coming up with insults that he forgot to be nervous.
Dean growled angrily. “Look, it’s fine if – if what I said last week upset you or whatever, but I wish you’d just *say* it instead of withdrawing or whatever!”
Cas took a deep breath. “Play it by ear?? He has to learn the entire role – lines, songs, choreo, not to mention movements and affectations – from scratch, and he wants to play it by ear??”
Dean bit his lip. He hadn’t expected this at all, but – he sighed. “Funny thing about going to college, Cas, all the freedom helps a lot of things come to light, and it turns out I’m not straight, but bi. Very, very bi.”
Sam chuckled as Dean just stared uncomprehendingly. “It’s pronounced Par-cheesy, Cas, and the rules aren’t too complicated – ”
“Wow,” Dean finally breathed out. “I – I’m really happy for you, man. I hope it works out – however you do that.”
Mills glanced at Bobby. “Admittedly, I was surprised to hear that you two ended up here, of all places,” she slowly replied.
Dean hugged him back, laughing, “Alright, alright!” He sat them both back up far too quickly for Cas’ taste, small frown on his face. “But speaking of – well, dating, I want…I want to make sure I know where your boundaries are.”
Cas beamed up at him, so glad that Dean Winchester was such an amazing person and grateful that he was lucky enough to call him his boyfriend. “I promise.”
Dean nodded firmly. “Okay. So, first things, I know – I know I told you a lot about my…background. A lot of the stuff that’s been messing me up. And you’ve been amazing, really – but. It kinda feels weird to know that you know so much about me and I know…basically nothing about you?”
“So between that, grieving Dad and recovering from Lee’s bullshit, I…I took a gap year. Worked at Bobby’s garage, tried to figure out what my future should look like…and finally decided I liked working with cars enough to make it a career, and I knew I wanted to stay close to home, so – here I am. Still healing, I guess, if Bobby mentioning Lee was able to make me tailspin like that.”
Bobby just chuckled. “Maybe you’re just too young to see it, kid,” he started, ruffling Sam’s mop of hair, “but Dean is looking at Cas almost exactly the way he looked at Lee. If your brother isn’t nursing some sort of feelings for Cas, I’ll eat my hat.”
Which was good, because navigating Claire and Kaia meeting Bobby for the first time was stressful enough.
Before anyone else could say anything, Mary responded, “Oh no, Cas, you don’t have to call me that, Mary is just fine.”
Claire offered him a shy smile. “Thanks, Cassie. And – this is Kaia.” She gestures to the girl next to her.
Possibly-Straight Student snapped to attention at that, and stared at him on and off for the rest of the meeting. When the meeting was wrapping up, Castiel noticed that P.S.S. was slowly heading his way. “Meg – I should probably get going,” he said, slowly backing away even as he tried to be subtle about it.
Cas’ responding smile felt like it should have lit up the room. “Yes! Thank you, Dean. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
So everything was fine and hunky-dory, Dean living chin-deep in denial until Meg had to open her damn mouth and make it…weird.
“I’m not kidding,” came the unimpressed reply. “Talk it out now and set boundaries before you two rush into something one or both of you are going to regret. Ya hear me?”
Dean was silent for a few minutes – minutes in which Cas could hear nothing but the ticking of the clock and his pulse pounding in his ears – but then Dean sighed. “Fine. FINE. Lunch, tomorrow. We’ll get food in the cafeteria, then head to an empty classroom to…talk, alright?”
“Oh my god, you’re at the first Ed and Scar fight, you have no idea how far you have to go…” Krissy muttered.
Dean dug his fingers into his hair. “Apparently he not only knows, he’s known for a while and – even though he’s fine with it, and that’s good, now – ”  Dean gritted out before stopping himself.
Cas sat down while Dean paced, heart racing. He had to do this, he could – no, he *would* do this. No backing out now.
Dean thought his skin was going to catch fire, his face was so hot. “I – you can’t – you can’t just stay stuff like that, Cas!” Dean responded (not squeaked, of course not).
By the time Christmas Day rolled around, Cas had gotten used to all the hubbub and excitement – joining in himself, in fact. He enjoyed getting to focus on the fun aspects of Christmas, the presents and spending time together, rather than the religious frugality his family preferred.
“And to think that my own son refuses to hug me,” she wailed melodramatically into Cas’ shoulder as Dean tried to pass by her.
“Gotcha,” Sam replied, sounding as though he was making one of his milder bitchfaces. It definitely would have been a worse one if he knew, or if Dean had let him go talk to Cas unprepared.
Cas frowned darkly at him. “Perhaps, Dean, if you hadn’t decided that I had the plague over the past week and avoided me accordingly, this conversation would not have been necessary – but now? Yes. I deserve to know, and there is no way Charlie’s letting you out without us having made some progress. So please, Dean, talk to me.”
Cas wasn’t surprised that Bobby showed up not long after they left. “Guess there’s a full house here now, huh?” the older man asked.
After confirming that Cas would stay quiet while Dean got through all the things he wanted to say, Dean decided to start with what he was probably most worried about – asking about Cas’ past. Or, at least, asking Cas to consider trusting Dean with his past, so that Dean could do for Cas what his boyfriend had done for him. Dean felt like it all came out a little jumbled, but at least Cas didn’t seem angry or upset. So point to Dean.
Dean had learned his lesson; if art was something he was interested in, it shouldn’t be something he hid from people. Luckily, his high school had plenty of art classes to take – he’d even convinced Cas to take some with him!
“No,” Dean yelped, “no-no-no, please don’t. Just…maybe talk to Bobby? And be prepared for it – you know, happening?”
Dean immediately flushed bright red. Dammit. Sam was right, he shouldn’t have to explain what was in the box, but…a small part of him thought this all would be so much easier if Sam had spilled the beans. But nope, Dean was going to have to find the words to explain to his boyfriend that he had a box of girl’s underwear from his…ex-whatever-Lee-was under his bed. Fantastic.
Cassie frowned at her. “Actually, yes. He called at an ungodly hour, woke me up and – as far as I can remember – not for any real reason?”
“Dean. You’re my big brother. You’re not the only one who can tell when their brother likes someone. Well – I did need a little help, but it’s pretty obvious now. That’s why you’re backing off and hiding it behind the dating excuse; you’re trying to pull away before Cas breaks your heart like Lee did.”
“Hi, you must be new, never seen you around before. I’m Meg. And you are?” She gave him a very thorough once-over, licking her lips. Castiel shuddered a bit, thrusting his hand out to shake. “Hi, I’m Castiel. And I’m asexual, not looking for anything right now,” he blurted out as she took his hand.
“All good, I just tripped,” Cas called back. From this vantage point, there was something Cas could almost see, hidden at an awkward angle under the bed…
“…Thank you, Sam, that was very enlightening,” Cas finally said. “I think Dean and I need to speak further. Thank you for your help.” And with that, Cas must have hung up, because suddenly, he was standing right next to Dean.
In any case, Claire loved it there and – as she hoped – Kaia loved it too. The interior of the shop was always bustling, so Claire and Kaia took their goods outside, where it was much more quiet.
And as the year wore on, Dean and Lee’s friends got more and more curious about the girls that were clearly keeping the two so busy outside of school. Really, the group was more interested in Lee’s mystery girl – Dean claimed that his missing time went to work…which wasn’t exactly a lie. Lee, on the other hand, couldn’t come up with an excuse but also refused to say anything about the girl, so the group just got more and more curious.
Charlie smirked. “Yep, someone whose name begins with a D and ends with an -ean. He kept grumbling that having to just sit and watch wasn’t all that much fun, so I gave him a title and a couple responsibilities to fulfill. Speaking of! Did you remember them?”
So Charlie and Cas met up at Cas’ usual library study spot (Cas knew Dean would avoid it like the plague if he was avoiding Cas, no need to worry about their plotting being discovered) and they started brainstorming. Most of Charlie’s ideas were too outlandish, in Cas’ opinion; they mostly involved locking doors and trapping Dean. Cas did remember what Charlie had threatened at the D&D session, but he also remembered how angry Dean had been at being cornered; it didn’t seem the best tactic, even if it probably would be effective once Dean stopped being angry.
“It’s fine, Cas, look – Claire and Kaia are here, Jody wouldn’t have left without them if she had to take them back. It’s okay, it’s not your fault,” Dean soothed.
“I am definitely coming,” Dean gritted out as he sent Sam multiple texts about what a dirty traitor he was, how Dean would get his revenge and would see him next week, bitch.
(Donna watched him go, frowning. Obviously, Dean would need a reality check – but who from? She’d have to think about that – but later.)
“As much fun as this is to watch…” Dean drawled as Mary giggled behind him. “Who’s up for breakfast?”
He went to the cast afterparty, getting to know some of the actors behind the characters a little better. He even saw Lee getting a *very* friendly hug from Seaweed and Penny’s actors – Jake Talley he recognized, but he wasn’t so sure about the girl; Alice something, maybe? He silently toasted them and wished them luck.
Dean sat down. “I just…” He fell silent as he tried to get his thoughts in order. “I want…I want Cas to trust me and tell me things now that we’re boyfriends. But – but it was so hard just telling him stuff about Dad and Lee, and I – I don’t want to pressure him, I just…” Dean sighed. “I just want him to know that I’m here when he’s ready to talk,” he finally mumbled.
When Cas opened his mouth, Dean’s stomach roiled and he snapped, “Not talking about that, Cas. Period.”
“I don’t think you staying in my dorm room would be acceptable to either the school or my roommate,” Cas gently cut her off, “but one of my friends happens to have family in the area; I’m sure they could clear out a room for you.”
Cas was so absorbed with what was on Dean’s walls, he forgot to check for what was on Dean’s floor; he missed the rather large tripping hazard of Dean’s luggage and ended up sprawled on Dean’s carpet.
“Technically the term is asexual,” Cas explained as he fought a smile, “but arguably that is one way to describe asexuality, yes.”
Instead, Charlie, the worst friend in the world, decided to stick her nose into it, and Dean, instead of explaining that he already had a plan, thank you very much, followed her lead. Then, Cas – Cas asked him to talk about the one thing he didn’t think he physically could, but…this was Cas. Cas, who made friends with his geek brother, who made sure to bring his favorite food to D&D, who always asked the strangest questions about pop culture, and who, apparently, just wanted to help Dean. And so Dean folded like a cheap suit and succumbed to Charlie’s threats, Sam’s requests, and Cas’ pleas; he was going to talk to Cas. About it all. Maybe it actually would help.
Cas groaned. “You have no idea. And it’s not that I’m ashamed or anything, I just – they’re so awful.” He rubbed a hand through his hair. “I don’t – I don’t want to expose you to that. You don’t deserve it.”
Bobby looked up at the ceiling as he thought. “When was early summer after senior year, boy was mopey enough, but as to why or how…I got no clue.”
Donna hesitated before speaking, but finally sighed. “Dean. I’m sorry, but I really can’t. I need the choreo practice time myself. And it won’t be that much weirder practicing with Castiel – you two have been getting along, right?”
Dean took a deep breath. “I – uh. I don’t know how to say it. Donna said something, then Cas said something else, and I – I don’t know what to think anymore.”
When Dean finished, he gave a theatrical bow. Castiel clapped his hands grudgingly. “Okay, admittedly, that was well done. You got me there. Now, I’ve got the script here – let’s see how well you know the lines.”
After Cas’ fifth win in a row, Dean threw up his hands. “Cas must have weighted the dice somehow!” he growled as Sam burst out laughing.
“You don’t what, Dean?” Cas asked calmly. “You don’t like it? Or – perhaps – ” Cas grinned sharply as he looked at the front of Dean’s pants. “Perhaps you like it a bit too much?”
Once there, Mary sat herself down at a bench that gave her a view of most of the concourse and set Dean down. Dean looked up at the twinkling lights breathed out a reverent “wooow.”
Based on the curious glances from Cas and the insistent staring from Sam over lunch, Dean’s avoidance tactics were not going to hold up for very long – especially with Bobby and Mary catching on to both Sam and Cas trying to get Dean’s attention, and shooting him some questioning looks of their own.
And then, it was time for Charlie’s bi-weekly D&D session – and Dean was so very ready to be someone else, even if it was only for a few hours. He was going to get to escape thoughts about Cas, if only for a little while.
Claire waited for Cassie to drink a couple cups of coffee and eat some of the food Dean had placed in front of him before asking, “So, Cassie. Did Uncle Zach call you today?”
Claire wanted that for her and Kaia. Charlie’s stories made it pretty clear that joining – and eventually heading – her high school’s GSA made a big difference in her life, so Claire was determined to do the same. (Well, maybe not heading the club…certainly not at first.) After Thanksgiving break, once classes and club meetings start up again, Claire was going to attend a meeting, see what all the fuss was about, and – maybe – make more friends who *got it.*
He was fingering a pair of pink, silk panties when a saleswoman walked up to him. “Getting a pair for your girlfriend?” she asked, smiling kindly at the heated flush that immediately spread over Dean’s face. But he nodded. “Great! Do you know her size?”
Cas had thought about asking Sam about it, but for now, he was enjoying it too much. He left Sam in the dark, afraid that Sam might say something to his brother and bring it all crashing down around him.
Just then, Mary walked by the entryway. Bobby tried to step in front of the boys – block her view, since he knew that Dean was not expecting to face Mary this quickly – but it was too late.
Dean just rubbed a hand through his hair and shrugged, clearly trying to play it off as no big deal. “Yeah, Cas, we’ve been practically dating for – for a while now, and…it’s time to make it official, doncha think?”
Time passed quickly after returning to school from Thanksgiving break. It seemed like Cas just blinked and then it was winter break; he and Dean had over a month of vacation to enjoy. But when his father sent an email reminding him of the family Christmas celebrations, Cas realized he had a choice to make.
“I won’t be able to sleep if I’m worrying about you, so you damn well better not forget to text me when you’re back in your dorm,” Castiel snapped before motioning for the phone again.
As he started exploring his heteroflexibility with Lee, Dean started thinking about something he hadn’t thought about in a long time – his life-changing encounter with a certain Rhonda Hurley…and her underwear.
Sammy hesitated before saying one of the last things Dean expected to hear. “…Cas is worried about you.”
Claire smiled at her kickass girlfriend. “Damn straight. So – Kaia and I are heading to a new school this week. Anything we should know before we head in, Sam?”
Midway into the semester, Dean had set up a date in the DC area; the girl swore by some fancy restaurant nearby a park, and Dean had winced a little at the prices but agreed. Except then some family emergency had come up and she had to call it off – but not until he was already at the restaurant and wondering where the hell she was.
Cas hesitated, then grabbed it and yanked, pulling Dean close. Dean couldn’t help chuckling, and Cas glared at him.
Sam and Cas nodded as Dean let out a sigh. “Yeah, it’s – it’s a little weird, not going to lie, but…” He shrugged. “Better than the alternative.”
Recap of the flashback chapter within! A much milder telling, but just in case, those warnings still apply.
Sam started fidgeting as Cas stepped back. “I…well. You know how you already knew that Dean wasn’t. You know.”
“But Deeeeeean – without Link, there’s no play!” Donna clasped her hands together. “And I’ve wanted to play this part since the first time I saw it, Dean, please please please?” she begged, eyes wide and glistening.
Charlie hummed noncommittally. “I feel like the problem was that you were too good of a boyfriend, just to the wrong person.”
Cas wasn’t sure how he could help Dean, not really, but…a hug couldn’t hurt. And the way Dean melted into it…it did seem to really help. Cas started to wonder if Dean was touch-starved, and resolved to try and alleviate it going forward. It was the least he could do.
Cas smiled back. Dean could protest all he wanted, but he was definitely a soft touch under all that bluster.
Dean cleared his throat. “Look. Truth is, you’re ace, and – I’m not. I don’t think I’m going to have problems not having sex, because it’s been a while on that count anyway, but – I just think we should talk about your boundaries, and what…what you’re okay with, and what you’re not.” Dean swallowed. “I’m pretty sure you’re into the whole me-wearing-panties thing, but – to what point? Like, just looking? Touching?” He blushed even harder. “Getting me to come, like Lee? Or is that too much?” Dean gestured broadly. “I just don’t know, and – I don’t want to push for too much, or assume, or – whatever.”
And once Cas and Sam were ready, he asked his mom if he could go grocery shopping with her; he was appalled at the lack of snacks in the house for movie night, and he wanted to do some restocking – clearly his mom couldn’t be trusted. She laughed at his dramatics, but easily agreed.
Instead, Cas finally suggested a much more subtle, if simple, plan: Charlie should invite Dean to meet her for a meal – or a study session, *something* – and once Dean had agreed, Charlie could text Cas the details and when Dean arrived, Cas would be there instead of Charlie. If they were face-to-face, Cas was certain he would be able to talk Dean into staying and talking, no locked doors necessary. Charlie finally sighed loudly and agreed. She would invite Dean to discuss his D&D character leveling up, so they would meet in the same room they had played D&D in; Charlie would text him the date and time later.
“Cas, I heard – ”  Dean stopped dead in his tracks before throwing himself down next to Cas, ripping the box out of his hands and shoving it hastily under the bed. “Nope.”
After dinner, Sammy suggested watching Captain America: The First Avenger. It was one of Dean’s favorite Marvel movies, and Cas hadn’t seen it; two birds, one stone. Dean had to admit his brother knew how to cheer him up; it was a very good movie, and Cas got really into it, which was always fun for Dean to watch. Cas was definitely a Cap fan – probably because the two had a similar moral code, Dean realized as he chuckled to himself.
Bobby, however, stayed and watched as Mary grabbed her coat and purse. “You want any company?” He asked as she rushed toward the door. She stopped, took a deep breath. “I – I have a lot to think about,” she sighed. “And since you don’t seem nearly as surprised as I am, I would have appreciated a heads-up, Bobby Singer!” she growled.
As the time to talk grew closer and closer, Dean couldn’t pay attention in class. (He would have to get the notes later.)
He didn’t know how long he was sitting there staring at it, but he was interrupted when someone knocked on his door and Bobby’s familiar gruff voice asked if everything was alright.
He hesitated, fists clenching and unclenching. How could he put this, without sounding like the wimp he still kinda felt it made him, no matter how many times Sam told him the opposite?
Sammy nodded, blinking back tears, before throwing his arms around Dean and burying his face in his neck. Dean hugged him back, eyes feeling a little misty himself.
Bobby saw Dean’s slight nod out of the corner of his eye, so he stepped out of Mary’s way, turning to watch what happened next. She ran right up to the boys, only paused for a slight frown at their clasped hands before throwing her arms around both of them. “But seriously, what brings you both down here?”
“You haven’t earned nickname privileges yet!” Castiel yelled back, mouth moving before his brain registered what was being said.
“Castiel, why is Holy Spirit calling us and asking about our daughter transferring to a public high school?” his aunt rapped out – but Cas could hear the fear underneath it.
Once he was there, he decided to see if there were any new exhibits; he was in the mood for something new rather than familiar. He didn’t recognize the name of the woman whose art was now on display in the Tower; it wasn’t his usual stomping ground, but he decided it was worth taking a look.
Cas smiled as everyone gathered for the game – even Grandma Irene. Despite Zachariah, this was absolutely Cas’ favorite Christmas.
As Cas suspected, Dean was definitely avoiding him – again. Cas only let him cancel pop culture night on him once before getting Charlie involved this time. But they had to be sneakier than Cas crashing D&D again; Dean would be expecting that.
A couple of days later, right as Dean was about to get into bed, Sammy showed up in his doorway. “Can I talk to you?” he mumbled, wringing his hands.
“You know how Adler can get, I just wanted him off my back,” she snapped, before turning back to face the table. (Claire did not miss the wink Bobby sent her behind Mills’ back.)
Charlie clapped her hands sharply. “Okay, people, enough chit-chat! It’s time we get back to where we last left our intrepid heroes – does everyone have their character sheets ready? Yes, good, then – we last left our intrepid heroes having defeated a horde of kobolds on their way towards their true goal…”
Dean bounced up and down next to her, watching as she dialed. “Hi, Irene? Dean heard about the Arcimboldo exhibit opening up, and he was wondering if you and Cas would be interested in going to see it with us soon?” She hummed and nodded as Cas’ grandma said her piece, finally ending with “that sounds like a plan. We’ll see you then!” and hanging up.
Cas smiled to himself, pretending he hadn’t seen anything, as he unpacked the snacks, thanked everyone, and wished them a good session.
Dean smirked at Gabriel. “Dude, believe me, there’s going to be more than enough food to go around.”
And it was going to be a large gathering, compared to Cas’ previous experiences. The Winchesters, Bobby, Bobby’s friend Ellen, her daughter Jo and her nephew Ash were the usual crowd, but this year additions Cas, Claire and Kaia were joined by Jody (at Mary’s invitation) and Jody’s friend Donna. Gabriel had mentioned at their last D&D session before break that he was planning a Thanksgiving dinner for one, since travelling back to his family was too expensive for such a short visit. At first Dean scoffed, thinking Gabriel was just playing another prank; but once he realized his friend was serious, he insisted that he – and anyone else in group who was interested – should join the Winchester Thanksgiving. All of them aside from Kevin took him up on it; Kevin had traditions with his mother that he didn’t want to abandon with such short notice, “but maybe we’ll both come next year!” Kevin smiled.
Claire snorted. “Yeah, Cassie, Mom does know about this outfit – handpicked by her, obviously,” she deadpanned.
After breakfast, Mary suggested taking Kaia and Claire out shopping, to get some clothes and anything else they might want or need – new cellphones, Claire had muttered, after which Cas had made sure Claire was supplied with his credit card. The credit card that his parents paid for, anyway – Cas rarely used it, and he would have to come up with a pretty good reason for the charges, but it was far better than anyone else having to deal with it. Claire smirked when she recognized it. “Well, if that bastard is footing the bill…” she started gleefully.
When they ended up in front of a selection of the Greek and Roman statuary in the museum in the hall between exhibits, Cas paused in front of one of the female statues and took a deep breath. “Dean?”
“You’re right,” Claire replied, taking a deep breath and smiling widely. “What do you guys usually do once everything’s cleaned up?”
“No one can talk Charlie out of anything, dammit,” Dean grumbled as the misdirected anger bled out of his stance. He set the pizzas down and started plates for both him and Cas. “I should’ve known better when Charlie insisted on getting a cheese pizza instead of her usual multi-topping experiment of the week,” Dean sighed.
Sam enjoyed his victories at first, but once Cas learned the rules of each game, he quickly started steamrolling the younger boy. Once Sam grew tired of losing, he would introduce Cas to a new game – and the cycle started again. Sam was starting to run out of new games when he heard his mom and Dean enter the house.
And Cas was off, telling Dean all these cool things he knew about the artist and the time period and the meaning behind some of the paintings…
Dean flushed. “I know that! I just – I don’t know how to start it, or – or say what I want to say without scaring him off or hurting his feelings.”
“Fine, whatever, you losers,” she spat hatefully, gathering her things and stomping out of the room.
Forty-five minutes later, when Irene and Mary were starting to get a little worried, that’s exactly where they found the boys – Dean still staring and Cas at his side.
Cas just opened his mouth, to reassure Dean that he was about to put it back, but Dean continued talking. “Not talking about that, Cas. Period.”
Dean just growled incoherently before turning over to glare at his annoying little brother. “This is all your fault. I told them I would suck at choreography.”
“Well, as it so happens, you’re in luck – there was an amazing restaurant in the area I heard about recently,” Cas offered. “If you want to try it with me?”
“I know they’re connected, but I can’t see how and Dean refused to explain when I asked him,” Cas huffed.
There was a moment of silence as Sam processed the news and then – Dean winced and pulled his phone away from his ear at the high-pitched sounds the kid was making. “Jeez, Samantha, my ears,” Dean muttered bitingly, even as a broad grin stretched over his face.
Dean trotted up to the bench where Mary and Irene were sitting, giant grin on his face. “Mom, this is my new best friend Cas. Cas, this is my mom.”
“That’s – yeah, that’s good to know, thanks,” Dean replied, blush somehow intensifying. He knew he would never again walk into this store, especially not to return underwear that was supposedly for his girlfriend. So he just grabbed the second-largest size they had in the pink silk, figuring that was probably close enough, and checked out as fast as possible before booking it out of the mall.
Cas sat up slowly, keeping steady eye contact. “Dean. I am serious. This…while the idea is new to me, I would be honored to be someone you decided to date. You already know that I am asexual, and I know that can be a…problem, for some people. So – you should take some time to think about it. But either way you decide, I’m your friend first and foremost. Okay?”
She and Kaia had planned to meet up for lunch in town that day; it got Kaia out of the orphanage for a little while, and Claire got the chance to (maybe) get a chance to take the girl she liked on a date. Claire took Kaia to her favorite coffeeshop, where she knew the barista and the baker could be convinced to sneak her some day-old or experimental pastries.
Cas rubbed a hand along his face. “Both my parents and hers are intensely religious, with all the old-fashioned morals and prejudices; if her parents caught her with Kaia…I don’t know, Dean, it’s possible they kicked her out.”
She finally turned to face him head on, a determined look on her face. “Yeah, okay. I can help you. Come on, you and I need to talk over our options.” She stood and waited for Cas to follow her. As they were walking, she suddenly turned and stuck out her hand. “Sorry, I forgot – I’m Charlie.”
Dean cleared his throat awkwardly. “Yeah. Yeah, I – uh…I think it’s time the family met you as – you know. My boyfriend.”
He had worked so hard to do exactly as his parents desired – and for what? He was no closer to gaining any love or support from them than he ever had, still only receiving quick pats on the head, rushed congratulations or a “we knew you could do it;” no pride at his achievements or real recognition. When Cas had figured out in his junior year that he was ace (and realized that this was something his parents would never accept from their “perfect” boy, that he wouldn’t marry Hannah and provide grandchildren to join their church as they expected), he knew he couldn’t stay in Rapid City and go to school there, as Hannah and many of his classmates were doing. Instead, he planned to go to college near Sioux Falls, where his mother’s sister Amelia and her family lived. If he planned to stray that far from his hometown, at least he had family living nearby.
Apparently the Winchesters went all out for Christmas – not that Cas should have been surprised, after Thanksgiving. There was a gigantic pine tree, filling the first floor with its soothing scent, and plenty of ornaments dangling from its branches. Most of them were handmade, but there were some antique-looking pieces interspersed here and there. Plenty of tinsel pretty much everywhere – the tree, the bannisters, the walls… It was a little overwhelming for Cas, Claire and Kaia, exactly how enthusiastically the family took to the holiday, but they were learning to just go with the flow and enjoy themselves.
“Right. Well, I may have left out…a significant aspect of our…thing,” Dean hedged. “This box is what’s left of it.”
Cas chuckled at the Breakfast Club reference; they had watched that movie recently. “Not sure how accurate that is, but yeah – let me just text Claire.”
At first, Dean seemed surprised by Cas’ sudden touchiness – which, to be fair, Cas was not usually one to initiate physical contact, since so many took it to mean something far different than he intended. But…this was Dean. Dean wasn’t interested in Cas, he wouldn’t take it the wrong way, so Cas was happy to open his personal boundaries to include one Dean Winchester.
“Yeah, Sammy?” Dean asked distractedly as he pulled up the next month on his calendar. He had shown Cas a couple Pixar movies by then, but it was probably time to at least think about adding in some Disney movies too…
Sam sighed. “If this is what I think it is…I can’t actually tell you, not without betraying Dean’s trust,” the younger Winchester admitted. “But I can try and talk to him, see if I can get him to talk to you?”
But after Thanksgiving break, Lee started pulling away from Dean, bit by bit. Dean tried to tell himself that he was imagining things, but it came to a head after only a week, Lee telling him to sit down one night, that they had to talk.
Cas nodded in agreement before refocusing on the adorable kittens playing behind the credits. Dean smirked to himself; he knew Cas would love this movie.
Dean froze by the door, clearly weighing his options; Charlie’s pointedly cleared throat tipped the scales and he trudged back to where Cas was carefully starting to gather the indicated items. Quickly and efficiently, Dean instructed Cas as to how Charlie liked everything packed away – for ease of unpacking next time, apparently – and they got the task done.
“Alright, done.” And then Castiel gave Dean a glare that was startling in its intensity. “Do not even think about abusing this privilege, Dean, or I will make you regret it.”
Dean whipped around to face Cas, face contorted into a snarl, but Cas raised his hands in the universal gesture for peace. “I swear, I had no idea she was still stuck on doing that, I thought I had talked her out of it.”
“I know, cuz, I know you wouldn’t. Jody thought that when he called, it was to check if your phone was on and if you were in the same place as I was. If both of those were true, he could ping your phone and get the address.”
Cas thought about it. “Definitely okay on holding hands in public,” he started. “Hanging out in fewer clothes – as long as all genitalia are out of sight, I should be okay, and I would love to try it…” He paused. “I…would like to try cuddling, probably fully-clothed at first but I am willing to negotiate going forward after that.”
Dean’s shoulders relaxed a little. “Good. Good, that’s – great. Um.” Dean flushed. “This one is going to be the hardest, but – you’re gonna need to give me something after I’m done, so just…bear with me for a little longer.”
Sam turned to face him. “I mean, Bobby and Mom took Dean’s coming out pretty well, right? And, I know being ace is different, but…I shouldn’t be so scared after that…”
The entire time they were dancing, Castiel desperately tried to forget that Dean had, for all intents and purposes, admitted that he was potentially interested in dating men.
“I *knew* Cas was hiding something!” Sam yelped triumphantly, before going quiet. “But Dean, Cas is – Cas is so happy, even if he wouldn’t tell me why; I can tell. And I know *you’re* pretty happy too, otherwise you’d never even think about doing this, so…Dean, what are you so nervous about?”
Dean Winchester was not looking forward to attending his first GSA meeting. But he had promised both Sammy, his pain-in-the-ass-“it’ll-be-good-for-you-Dean” little brother, and Charlie, his crazy and amazing new friend from the engineering department. Charlie had been president of her high school’s GSA, so she was excited; Dean, on the other hand, had only recently come out of the closet – if it even counted if you were only out to your brother, one friend and an ex?
He must have said that out loud, because Charlie scoffed in reply. “I mean, probably. But you’re also in love with him. I’m your best friend that you’re *not* in love with.”
“Alright boy, to start – do not get the already-made patties. The trick is hand-shaping them yourself…”
“I mean I’ve been there. I was thinking about asking out a couple of other people in the play before I figured out they were dating each other. I…might not have been as subtle as I thought, and they suggested maybe trying to date both of them – or, I guess, all three of us together. We’re still…talking it out, but…yeah.”
Maybe, one day, she and Kaia would know each other that well too. Claire squeezed Kaia’s hand under the table. “I’m so glad we ended up here,” she whispered.
“Okay, son. Good job.” And with that, his father hung up. Cas just stared at the silent phone in his hand, wondering what on earth that had been about.
So Cas and Sam ran upstairs, texting Dean the all clear and deciding to pass the time until his return playing (and learning, in Cas’ case) some card games.
“Did you know that Jesus was actually born in the spring?” Cas responded distantly. “His birthday was conflated with the pagan holiday of Yule to popularize Christianity.”
“Cassie wouldn’t have told,” Claire gritted out, eyes starting to burn. No way Cassie would have sold her out, he never had before –
“…But what if?” Sam finished for him. “Yeah. Okay, totally fair. Um. Do you want me to test her out first, maybe make some subtle hints – ”
“Oh my god, Krissy, seriously? You were as lesbian as the rest of us before break – what happened? Decided you wanted to stand out from the crowd?”
Mary sighed. “I understand if you’re not ready to tell me yet, but if or when you are…I’m here.” She gave a warm smile and walked back down the hall. “It looks like you girls are just fine, so I’m off to bed. Sleep well,” she called as she entered what must have been her bedroom.
Dean underestimated either the level of his nerves or the strength of his past habits but all too quickly he found himself slipping back into what Sammy called his “machismo bullshit” – strutting around as though he owned the place, flirting with everyone (female) that met his eye and generally being a bit of a dick.
“Alright, alright, stop making a scene in the middle of the store,” Dean grumbled, giving her a quick hug before hustling them to the checkout line.
After the movie ended (sadly, Cas admitted, but Dean soothed his worries by promising that Cap found more equilibrium over the next couple movies), Sam yawned and headed off to bed; Dean started to do the same, dragging Cas to the stairs along with him, until Mary poked her head out of the kitchen. “You boys better not get up to anything up there,” she warned, “I don’t want to be hearing anything tonight. Neither do Bobby and Sam.”
In which case, Mary needed to get over this and accept it as the new normal sooner rather than later; she was not losing her boys over something so silly as her own ingrained prejudice – she was better than that, and it was time for her to step up and act like it.
Dean cleared his throat, busying himself with his food for a few moments. “The last day of school, we…had one last encounter. And then, then Lee flew off to his military training – the military training he had neglected to mention to me at all, after knowing, *knowing* that’s how my dad died, and – ”  Dean took a deep breath. “Yeah. Changed his phone number, too, had to figure out why my calls and texts stopped going through after talking to a mutual friend. And everyone knew what he was going to do – everyone except me and Sammy, and, well…like all those stupid songs, Lee broke my heart into a million pieces. And Sammy’s probably right, I probably had been using Lee as a bit of a – well, a crutch, to avoid dealing with my grief, and with Lee leaving like he did, on top of everything else…”
But he was not left to stew for long; his mom came in laden with groceries pretty soon after Cas’ fifth win. Dean and Sam both raced over to help her; Sam took the lion’s share of the bags as Dean got an extra-long hug and a whispered reminder that she loved him, no matter what. Dean squeezed her back before taking a fairer share of the grocery bags and running back into the kitchen to unpack them.
John and Sam waved goodbye as they exited, and Mary carried Dean to the car. They exchanged grins as they drove off.
Cas smiled. “Perfect. I did look into some of these…activities. I think both of us are okay with putting aside any kind of penetration, at least for the moment, yes?”
Lee was immediately all over him, right up against Dean’s back, turning him so they both faced the mirror. “Is this what you like, sweetheart?” he purred. “Wearing panties, feeling like a pretty little girl?”
Dean inched closer to where Cas was standing. “And I’m not saying that it’s going to be perfect, or easy, but…I want to at least try. Don’t you?”
Dean just shrugged. “He makes me forget, Sammy – forget about Dad and the future and – everything. Just – can you leave it alone? Please?”
“C’mon, Donna, I’m going to be doing it with you, it makes the most sense to actually practice with you,” Dean begged.
He looked up as they entered and shut it, sighing. “Knew getting some peace and quiet in this house was too good to be true. Well?”
Dean started to get up, but Cas held up a hand. “Not – not right now, Dean, please,” Cas whispered hurriedly before he heard the loud steps of his father entering the room.
And for the first few days, it worked. Castiel went to classes, had lunch with friends (perhaps they were more like acquaintances, at this point, but so early in the year Castiel would take what he could), did his homework and generally led a peaceful existence.
“Right. But how did you learn all of Link’s lines and songs? Not by me telling them to you – by watching the movie over and over again. Did you ask Castiel to actually show you how the moves should go – or even better, find someone to walk you through them?”
He was thinking about it as they watched The Aristocats, Cas predictably enchanted with it. Dean had to admit he probably spent more time watching Cas than the movie itself, but…he *had* seen the movie a million times, since it was one of Sam’s favorites growing up. He knew the whole thing backwards and forwards, but through Cas’ eyes, he could almost be watching a whole new movie.
She pulled out her phone to call the house when she saw she had a text from Bobby: ‘Castiel’s not allergic to anything and the boy will do just about anything for a good burger. That plus some potatoes for fries, sweet or regular – and maybe some ice cream for homemade milkshakes? Can’t go wrong with chocolate.’
“I’m fine, promise,” Dean interrupted. “Would you be okay driving us back to campus? I’m...really tired.”
“You’ve always been emotionally constipated, Dean,” was her extremely unhelpful reply. “Luckily Lee has a number of levels on you in that department and said something.”
John just chuckled. “Yeah – come hell or high water, I’m coming back by the end of your senior year and you and I will be making the trip out to the Naval Academy.”
Dean rolled his eyes and threw an arm around her shoulders. “Good for you, although I’m a little hurt you didn’t say anything,” he teased her lightly.
Dean stopped fidgeting and squared his shoulders. “I – the D&D group is meeting tomorrow and I think you should come,” he blurted out.
“Named after an angel, even if it’s one of the harder ones to pronounce,” she chuckled, before her eyes lit up. “Ooh. Ever seen It’s a Wonderful Life?”
“Of course!” Dean snapped. “I’m the fuck-up, I’m the reason people leave or – or I push them away, it’s…it’s always my fault, and I don’t want to do that to you, Cas, but I don’t know how to not!”
Eventually Cas coughed, his voice returning to a more normal register and his pupils shrinking back, so Dean zoned back in. Cas – Cas didn’t know what his boundaries were? Did…could that mean that Dean was going to be Cas’ first – anything? The mere idea once again crashed Dean’s brain, and he had to reboot before he could say anything else.
Dean was terrified that his mother was going to go on her shopping trip and come back only to tell him that he was a disgrace and no longer welcome in her house.
Dean was putting his groceries away when he heard Bobby offer to teach Cas how to make his secret burgers – and *what*??
Dean just stared blankly until Bobby groaned and took off his trucker cap, rubbing a hand over the top of his head. “I was hoping I wouldn’t have to do this,” he muttered tiredly before pulling a handful of –
This time they weren’t visiting the Galleries for fun; they were here for an assignment. Their teacher had asked them to find two works to compare and contrast in an essay – works from different periods that contained similar themes or images. Dean knew that one of his works was going to be an Arcimboldo, considering the collection still in his room, but he wasn’t quite sure what he wanted to compare it to.
“Of course,” Cas rummaged around in the bag he had brought. “Chocolate-covered espresso beans for her highness – ” Charlie took the box with a happy squeal. “ – and a number of different snacking options for the rest of the group. White cheddar popcorn, tortilla chips, pretzels, Double-Stuf Oreos – which I am told are the superior choice – and...” He hesitated before pulling out the last few items, which Sam had sworn were the right choice but he was still worried about. “...assorted flavors of beef jerky?”
“Poker tournament!” Dean and Sam cried at the same time. “Do you want to go ask Kaia?” Sam added as Dean ran off to grab the cards and the poker chips.
“You could probably even talk about the past year of working as a gap year to better understand the industry you want to end up in,” Sam piped up.
And the next week, when he officially changed his last name to Vogel (Grandma Irene’s maiden name) and finally cut the last tie to his biological parents, Cas couldn’t have been happier.
Dean squirmed. “Well, I mean, I…I liked to before Lee, but…” He waved a hand at the box. “These are all the ones he got for me.”
Dean rubbed a hand over his mouth as he thought. Kid was right, if Dean was out and proud or whatever, it couldn’t be easy to still be hiding. But… “Okay…so what’s the plan?”
“Yeah,” Sam replied, face brightening. “That’s – good, actually, I didn’t – I don’t – want to…you know.”
His mom must have given Bobby the heads up, because he did not seem surprised by Dean’s nervous, fidgeted request to talk. He just stood up and gestured for Dean to follow him out the garage. Dean immediately calmed down surrounded by the smell of engine oil and metal, in the room that had been his refuge from the outside world for so long.
Unfortunately, said time was interrupted not half an hour later by a call – from Claire’s parents. “Aunt Amelia?” Cas asked as he eased Dean’s bedroom door shut behind him.
“I’ve got just the thing in mind,” Cas hummed. “Let me just finish all the hot food, then I’ll go order it.”
The weekend hours continued to run together, Dean in performance after performance, then back to a week of relative normalcy (except for his evenings, no longer practicing with Cas; what did he use to do before that? He didn’t even remember) followed by another hectic weekend of performances that – suddenly – was over. They had given their final performance of Hairspray, again to riotous applause, and Dean was still a little in shock.
Lee grinned and licked his lips. “What can I say? I’m a lucky man, and it’s time everyone knew it,” he leered.
So of course, Lee smirked as he made eye contact with Dean. “Her name’s Dee, or at least that’s what she told me to call her,” Lee started to drawl. “She’s got gorgeous green eyes, greener than I’ve ever seen – and the softest lips, blows my mind every time I get to kiss them. And don’t get me started on that ass, finer than a Georgia peach and twice as sweet – ”
Sam and Bobby could tell that Dean was panicking, but then Bobby had the brilliant suggestion of pulling out Parcheesi – a game that Dean and Sam had hundreds of hours of fond memories from playing.
Then his eyes landed on Cas, in the corner talking with Rowena about – something, and his legs started moving without his permission. “Hey, Cas.”
Dean shot her a funny look. “Art’s more fun when you’re seeing it with someone, right? Isn’t that why you brought me with you?”
His testing hadn’t gotten off to the best start, but it also hadn’t gotten him punched, so Dean decided to continue forging onwards.
He gestured at Dean’s defensive position, feeling slightly sick to his stomach. “Look what I’ve done already.”
“What’re little brothers for?” Sammy replied with a shit-eating grin so potent Dean swore he could hear it through the phone. “Hey, wait, don’t – ”  Sam hung up. “…say anything weird to Bobby,” Dean finished weakly. Sam probably wouldn’t do or say anything too bad…or at least that was the lie Dean was sticking with until he could question (and properly punish) Sam in person.
“I’ll tell you if anything changes with Claire, but for now, just – let the school know whatever they need to let the transfer happen. And I wouldn’t recommend calling again,” Cas gritted out before hanging up. He took a couple deep breaths, trying to remember that despite their religion-fueled prejudices his aunt and uncle were generally decent people; they would come to their senses sooner or later…probably.
Dean threw a hand over his eyes – he couldn’t let himself get distracted again. He was trying to make a point here! “Because!”
He checked in with Mary first, to ensure that he wouldn’t be intruding for the holidays, before making the call to his father, Dean right next to him for moral support.
But Arcimboldo’s paintings were not the kind you rushed looking at, as Dean found out. In fact, when Cas was done with reading over the all the plaques, he found Dean still standing in the first room of paintings, still staring. “These are so freaking amazing,” Dean breathed. “You look at them one way, and they look like one thing. But you look at them differently, and there’s a whole other way to see them.”
“I know you think I’m ancient, but I was your age once, Dean. Not to mention psychic mom powers,” she nodded seriously, tapping her temple.
The blue was almost the same color as Cas’ eyes, and Dean felt warm all over as he imagined wearing them for Cas, and he let out an embarrassed cough.
Claire blinked. “Uh – yeah, yeah, I got into it recently, and I – I like the symbol Ed has on his coat.”
Cas smiled briefly (he hadn’t messed this up entirely!) before sobering (he still hadn’t been right to do what he did). “Just because you liked it, Dean, doesn’t mean I didn’t ignore your boundaries and make you uncomfortable without your permission. This sort of thing…” Cas wavered a bit – not sure Dean had ever actually put it together – before continuing. “Safe, sane and consensual is the motto, right?”
Cas was frozen, staring at the phone’s caller ID like it was a rattlesnake as it rang, and rang, and rang, finally falling silent when Dean tore it out of his hands and mashed the decline call button. “Cas? What the hell?” Dean asked groggily.
But then Cas insisted on doing research, and Dean grumbled a bit. He hated doing research, he had to do enough of that shit at school, but…as much as he hated to admit it, it was probably important. Cas won this round.
And that? That was a low blow. Dean glared. “Glad you got that off your chest, then,” he snarled before spinning around and walking off, ignoring the calls behind him.
Claire let all the names and orientations wash over her – it wasn’t a very mixed bag, mostly lesbian women and gay men, with Kimberly and only a couple other people deviating from the pattern.
After a humiliating loss at Boggle (how had he let himself be tricked into playing, again?), Dean slunk back to his room. Cas was still staring avidly at his laptop.
Mary opened her arms. “Well then, come and hug your poor old mother who stayed up waiting all night!”
“The heart wants what it wants, kid, it’s not like we get a lot of choice in the matter,” Bobby laughed. “But I will say…doesn’t look like Dean knows he likes Cas, and even once he figures it out…he seemed pretty skittish at the idea of Cas and feelings when I was talking to him earlier. You think this thing with Lee – ?”
“To never find out, hopefully,” Cas quickly interrupted, ignoring the slight flinch he felt Dean give behind him. “I’ll explain later, I promise,” he muttered under his breath in Dean’s direction before forcing a smile. “Now! You two ready for a car ride?”
“Yes, yes, you showed me,” Castiel waved a hand absentmindedly at Dean as he thought. “We have some time before the play, so I think first up is making sure you have the lines down, then we can worry about choreography. So, for the rest of tonight, lines. Tomorrow, we’ll see how much you absorbed today and work on choreography.”
“Okay, a childhood without Disney movies is cruel enough, but – no Parcheesi? Did you play *any* board games growing up?” Dean interrupted.
Dean felt the tension start to leave his body as the familiar bedroom came on screen. He focused on watching the movie and enjoying Cas’ reactions; he knew Cas would love this movie, and he was so glad he got to share it with him.
But before he could, he had to think long and hard about what he wanted to do about his family. He knew that Sammy and Bobby both knew and would probably be ecstatic that he was dating Cas – they would welcome the news with either excited hugs (Sam) or gruff congratulations (Bobby).
Cas expected everything to change after his dating proposition, but everything was…surprisingly normal. Well, a new normal. Aside from reinstating movie night and starting to eat lunch together again, Dean started joining Cas’ study sessions. Sometimes he had his own studying to do, sometimes he helped Cas by offering a willing ear or a flashcard partner, but even when Dean had no real reason to be there…he was. Just for Cas’ company. It put a warm and cozy feeling in Cas’ chest – and Cas let himself hope.
To his surprise, after making his way around half of the room, he saw a familiar face – Cas was here as well, staring at a piece featuring a drawing of a young girl.
Zachariah turned to stare at Cas, who wavered for a second before standing tall once again. “You, Zachariah, may have been my sperm donor, but that is the only thing you have ever done for me. You and Mother both, I was just an extension of you – barely even that, most days! That is not parenthood, that’s – that’s just pressure! No, you’re not my father, and if that is the only thing that brought you here, you can leave right now,” Cas finished firmly.
“Hmm, interesting point, son,” Zachariah mused. “Alright. Alright, I’ll tell your mother, aunt and uncle the news. Merry Christmas.”
He snapped out of it when Cas took his phone out of his unresisting hand. “Hi Sam, this is Cas. Yes, I’ve been here the whole time, but I couldn’t hear your side, so – ”
Dean held up his hands in surrender and left; but somehow Castiel knew this wouldn’t be the end of it.
After stuffing themselves at dinner, Cas offered to help clean up but Mary shooed him out of the kitchen with Sam and Dean. The three boys started to watch Captain America: The First Avenger. Cas had never seen the Marvel movies, and Sam finally convinced Dean that if they were only watching one movie, to ease Cas into the whole saga, this was the best move. Full, cozied up next to Dean (his boyfriend!) on the couch and watching an amazing movie about the power of a “little guy” – Cas was overwhelmed with how happy he felt, in this moment. He was so, so lucky.
There was a lot of black, red and pink, along with a sprinkling of other colors, but Cas couldn’t help noticing that one pair…one pair was a shade of blue almost exactly the same as his eyes.
Bobby sighed. “Communication is important, kid, but honesty might be more important – if this has been bothering you, you probably should have this conversation sooner rather than later.” Bobby squinted at him. “And the one about you being sexual while he’s ace would probably be a good one to have, too.”
After the movie ended, Dean seemed to have something on his mind – but he just kept fidgeting, not actually saying anything but clearly not wanting Cas to leave yet either. After almost five minutes of this, Cas threw up his hands exasperatedly. “Just say it, Dean.”
Castiel was surprised at the variety of identities that were slowly revealed in the group of at least a hundred students, probably more. He did notice that the possibly-straight student who had caught his attention at the beginning declined to state his orientation, but soon enough it was his turn, and while he was nervous, he hadn’t come all this way for nothing. “Hi, my name is Castiel, he/him, first year, no major yet and…” He took a deep breath. “I’m asexual.”
Dean hesitated, but – Cas wouldn’t lead him astray. “Alright, alright. But nothing too fancy, please?”
When Jody and Donna showed up, arms full of even more food, Cas was astonished. Exactly how much food was this dinner going to have?
“Oh my god,” Cassie mumbled, burying his head in his hands. “I totally forgot about that. That was so dumb…” he whispered to himself as Dean came over to wrap a comforting arm around his shoulders.
Dean opened his mouth to reply but quickly shut it at Bobby’s stink-eye, huffily pocketing the condoms and fleeing the scene.
Cas raised an eyebrow at Claire’s outfit, looking far more punk than he ever would have imagine his aunt and uncle approving, but managed to bite his tongue.
When the phone started ringing again, Cas grabbed it and ran to the bathroom, locking the door behind him. “Father,” he finally answered curtly.
But then, during one of his library study sessions, Castiel noticed there was somebody hovering in his general area. He looked up to see – Dean? How – ?
“Thank you,” Castiel breathed before fleeing. The last thing he wanted was any sort of…incident over his identity.
Castiel glared at him blearily, the adrenaline rush from Dean showing up and scaring him fading. “You’re my stalker, should I really be showing you where I live?”
“I was just wondering…whether Aunt Amelia knows that you’ve been hiding that in the back of your closet,” Cas replied delicately.
“Since it looks like we have new member this time,” Claire suddenly realized the person standing at the front of the room was saying, “I think it would be a good idea to go around and introduce ourselves, yeah?”
As she lathered up her hair, her mind wandered back to the chain of events that had gotten her here…
Cas shrugged. “I think that art is important enough to you that anyone who doubts its worth…is not going to be someone you stay with for long. I suspected Lisa was not going to be it for you, Dean; that doesn’t mean she wasn’t special or important to you.”
He knelt down eye-to-eye with his still-short little brother. “You don’t have to tell me now, if you’re really not ready,” he started quietly. “But Sammy, whatever you have to tell me – whatever you’re scared to tell me – I promise that no matter what it is, I will always be here for you. No matter what, okay?”
Sam groaned. “Of course, Cas is the first guy Dean’s had a crush on since his thing with Lee crashed and burned. Crap. Dean is not going to deal with this well,” he muttered as he turned back to look outside. “I have got to visit Dean sooner rather than later.”
“No worries, kid, I gotcha,” Bobby responded gently. “Now why don’t you two skedaddle, I’ll deal with Mary and Dean when they get back.”
Once they were settled, Cas starting to eat and Dean starting to pick at least a little at his food, Dean began to speak.
Dean felt Cas (gently, so gently) cup his face and turn it to face his grave expression. “Dean Winchester. Based on what you have told me about the situation with…with Lee,” Cas paused before spitting out the name and then barreled on, “absolutely *none* of that was your fault. He was the only one who was at fault. He took advantage of you in your grief and disappeared without any warning, breaking your heart and destroying the progress you had made – Dean. You cannot possibly think that his leaving was your fault.”
And Dean…Dean’s mind was racing. He was ace, like Sammy. Sammy was worried about dealing with being ace in high school. This guy could help. Dean had a mission now: find out if this guy was someone his little brother should be talking to in the first place and, if so, get him in contact with Sammy.
Their sex life, or lack thereof, going forward. Because Dean was not an idiot, Cas was definitely intrigued by his collection. On the other hand, to what degree was…unknown. And Dean didn’t want to assume…
Rather than confront Dean directly, Bobby put him to work in his garage. Dean had always loved cars and had always had a basic knowledge of how to keep them running, so working in the garage was – well. Cathartic. To get his hands dirty, to feel and see his efforts making a difference in each car that got to drive off the lot after he worked on it, to lose himself in gears and oil and tools for hours at a time; it helped him immensely. Soon Dean had worked off enough of his anxiety and guilt that he could start talking to Sam and his mom like he needed to, not to mention start thinking about a possible career path to do with cars instead of guns.
“I think they’d look even better on you,” he continued, looking up to see Dean’s flush deepen to more of a scarlet shade.
“Oh, yeah man, I’m sorry, I forgot how late it was.” Dean seemed to take a closer look at Castiel. “...You don’t look so steady there.”
Dean didn’t respond, but he did plop down on the floor next to where Cas was standing, and didn’t move when Cas slowly sat down.
Dean hesitantly sat down. “I mean…I’m not sure it’s something I can talk out. I – Donna said something. And I kinda can’t stop thinking about it.”
Cas hummed. “First of all, Dean, I would never abandon our friendship because of a dating partner – what is the saying, bros before hos?”
When they arrived at the house, laden with groceries, Bobby was alone in the kitchen. He didn’t seem upset or deep in his own thoughts, so Dean was guessing that everything went well. Good. He got more confirmation when he checked his phone – he had missed a text from Sammy that gave the all-clear for their return, so it had definitely happened, even if Sammy didn’t say how the talk went one way or the other.
Castiel nodded but internally decided not to give Dean the chance to ask his question. Surely it couldn’t be that hard to avoid one student in a school of over 10,000?
“To be fair, he bet you wouldn’t say anything before we were parked at your house. I knew you would end up saying something before that,” Cas explained smugly.
By the end of the movie, Cas was barely awake and Dean put everything away as Cas crawled under the covers and immediately passed out. Dean chuckled to himself; guess he was worried for no reason. He drifted off to sleep pretty quickly himself after that.
She busied herself with grabbing a plate of the food and a drink from what had been placed on a table, looking over the room. She recognized a girl from one of her classes, but didn’t approach her – or any of the other strangers. She’d stay and listen, probably speak up a little bit, but Claire wasn’t so sure that this was going to be the haven that Charlie had described. For an inclusive group, it looked pretty divided into cliques.
“Figured burgers, fries and milkshakes would be a pretty great celebration dinner,” she explained happily as she went over to Cas’ chair and gave him a hug.
Dean stared back at Sam, mind whirring. As much as their dad had spewed his hatred of “unnatural” people and his belief that they all needed to be “fixed” or wiped out...Dean believed, deeper than anything else, that Sam? Sam was part of what was good in this world. And if Sam wasn’t straight, if he fell into John’s definition of “unnatural” – then John was wrong. It was that simple.
Well, until Cas made the ridiculous connection between what he and Cas had been doing, and – actual shit that needed safewords. Not just talking to each other. Maybe Dean had reacted strongly, but – that was his messed up brain, not anything Cas had done.
Cas grumbled but couldn’t deny the truth of that statement, so he dragged himself out of bed and got ready to face the day. Well, ready to drink a few cups of coffee, anyway.
But apparently that wasn’t what Dean wanted, since the other boy finally said something the last day before the public performances were going to begin. “Alright, Castiel, what the hell is going on?”
When Dean and Cas arrived at Dean’s house, and his mom asked how Sam and Cas met, Dean barreled in with the same story he had explained to Cas – with a little more to it, as Cas had suggested, but Dean’s original explanation was the bare bones of it. His mother accepted it completely, but Dean could have sworn he saw Bobby raise an eyebrow at both him and Cas for just a second before the expression disappeared.
Cas quietly took the plate Dean handed him and dug in; they had gotten George’s; hands down the best pizza in the area. That was almost entirely worth being locked in like an animal.
While Dean’s understanding of the choreo improved rapidly, Castiel noticed that Dean had a harder and harder time looking him in the eye as the days and weeks went by. Castiel wondered if his talk about attractions had caused Dean to realize that his choreo and lines buddy wasn’t as straight as he had thought, and now Dean didn’t know how to interact with him. Externally, he did his absolute best to stay professional and not cross Dean’s boundaries any further than he had to.
Bobby snapped out of that train of thought as Sam frowned at him. “And Dean doesn’t want me – or you, probably – trying to hint at anything to Mom, see what she might think beforehand.” Bobby chuckled – Sam was good at a lot of things, but subtlety of any kind was a long way down on the list; of course Dean didn’t want Sam blundering into that thorny conversation like the awkward, gangly baby moose he was. Whether Bobby should stick his nose into it or not was a very different matter – *he* knew how to subtly change Mary’s train of thought (the boys had begged him to change their mom’s mind on enough things both big and small over the years, and Bobby had become quite adept at it) but he wouldn’t, if Sam said so.
Zachariah pursed his lips. “And who do you think has been paying for your schooling? The clothes on your back – ”
And a pretty decent place at that, Claire commented to herself as she took in the nice bathroom and different hair and soap products cluttering the ledges. It was strange to have choices what to put in her hair or on her body; but nice, she decided as she sniffed some of the bottles, stopping when she found a lovely vanilla scented shampoo-conditioner set and a lavender body soap. She wrapped herself in the thick, warm towel, enjoying the feeling for a few minutes before hanging it up and getting dressed in the pajamas Mary had given her.
It was almost like Cas was a dirty secret he was hiding from everyone besides Sam, which wasn’t true, or at least, shouldn’t have been, but every time he tried to talk to Charlie about Cas...the words just wouldn’t come out. His time spent with Cas was still something only he and his brother knew, even if Dean’s entire friend group was starting to suspect and/or tease that Dean was secretly dating someone. (Which...of course Dean wasn’t. That would be crazy. No matter how cute, and smart, and funny, and amazing Dean found Cas...no.)
Cas glanced at him and stepped slightly forward. “Sam and I…wanted to talk to you. About…something important.”
Dean scrubbed a hand through his hair. “I – um. I think so. Mostly. Uh. This…this is not a great topic.”
Castiel blinked at him. “Upset *me*? And withdrawing? Dean, what are you talking about – you’re the one who stopped being able to look me in the eye!”
“So…why, again, are your cousin and her friend here?” Sam asked. He withered immediately under Dean’s glare. “Not that I have any problem with it, really,” he yelped. “I’m just – curious.”
The two met on the front steps, Dean sweeping Cas into a bear hug the second he was in reach. “I missed you,” he murmured quietly into Cas’ shoulder.
Mary teared up a little at the text. Once again, Bobby Singer had come through for her exactly when she needed him to – so she followed his suggestion, getting ingredients for burgers, fries and milkshakes, as well as some top shelf bourbon from the liquor store next door. Bobby deserved it.
Dean chuckled. “No, no, Bobby’s a good friend of my mom’s – he’s basically my uncle. He lives just down the street, but he’s over a lot because he gets lonely puttering around in his house by himself. Not that you heard that from me,” Dean finished quickly.
“Thank you,” Cas replied before hanging up. Despite Sam’s words, Cas was pretty sure he knew what Dean was going to do; he needed to compose a text to Charlie.
“Son, I know you had planned to spend Christmas with your cousin, but – spending your time with this entire other family? Neglecting the Lord on his birthday? Why?” Zachariah asked.
Dean could picture the exact face his brother was making and couldn’t help chuckling. “Perfect. You talk to Bobby, and I’ll talk to Cas, and – hopefully – everything’ll go fine. Thanks, Sammy.”
“Fine,” she grumbled, “Bobby was worrying about how quickly you and Cas had gotten together a couple nights ago, surprised you boys hadn’t had more issues – said that you were probably due for some soon and I should be keeping an eye out.”
He was not expecting Cas to apologize – it surprised him enough that his mouth decided to cooperate for once, and he and Cas started to have an actual, normal conversation.
Neither girl was expecting Mary Winchester emerging with a smile and a hug for both of them. “Hello, hello, welcome! I hope you two don’t mind sharing the guest bedroom? It is only one bed, but it’s a double, should be plenty of room for both of you skinny things! Looks like we have a lot of feeding to do,” she nodded to herself as she assessed her two houseguests.
“Indeed,” Rowena drawled, startling Dean (who had half-forgotten she was there). “Any chance I could convince you to continue performing, handsome?”
Dean met Cas’ gaze for only a second before gesturing for Cas to follow him and heading out the door. Cas looked back at Sam, who gave him a thumbs-up and a mouthed, “Good luck,” before following his boyfriend to his room.
Cas was pleased she had accepted his idea so readily, and left satisfied that common sense had prevailed.
The silence didn’t last long after the pizza was eaten. Cas decided that the best defense was an early offense, in this case. He took a deep breath. “Are you ready to talk to me about why dating me, or me dating, is such a touchy topic?”
Sam groaned. “Okay, maybe to you, but all Cas saw was you pulling away for no real reason. And…Dean, if Cas was comfortable with you being in his space, and expressed an interest in dating in front of you…how do you know the person he was interested in dating wasn’t…well, you?”
The two girls passed out in the backseat almost immediately, leaving Dean free to interrogate his boyfriend – quietly. “Cas, what the hell?”
“You got that right, boyo. I’m sure someone here will be willing to give me a ride home later. Go enjoy the hotline to God you’re so convinced you have.”
Hope you enjoyed! For now, this is as much I have planned for this series; but there is likely to be more, I'm just not sure when inspiration will strike.
Dean closed his eyes. He couldn’t respond, because the only answer he had was the one Cas didn’t want to hear.
He finished putting the groceries away with the two adults, and thought about it. Did he want to talk to Bobby now, or check in with Cas and Sammy first?
Once Dean came to that conclusion, he started to pay more attention to what was going on around him and one thing immediately got his attention: Sammy was being squirrelly. Kid was hiding something, and not very well at that – he was lucky Mom wasn’t around enough to notice his tells and Bobby hated prying when he didn’t absolutely have to.
Dean just rolled his eyes. “It’s a Disney movie, Cas, you don’t have to think too hard about it. But I do like that all the cats get a home at the end, I always liked that part.”
Cas patted him gently on the shoulder. “Thank you Dean, for telling me. I appreciate it – and now, Sam owes me lunch,” Cas finished with a smugly satisfied voice.
The blood drained from Dean’s face. “I – uh – ” He buried his face in his hands. “I-never-actually-slept-with-Lee-and-I-have-no-intention-of-sleeping-with-anyone-anytime-soon-so-please-put-those-away,” Dean replied as quickly as he could.
“These are very nice, Dean,” Cas suddenly rumbled in a surprisingly low timbre, snapping Dean’s attention to the blue panties he was carefully rubbing between his fingers.
“I mean, it’s not like I know for sure what she’ll say, maybe it’ll be absolutely fine…” Dean trailed off.
Cas pointed at him. “That. That’s exactly how I feel about people. They’re art – they can be beautiful, and I can appreciate that, but the idea of having sex with them is…” Cas shuddered. “Unappealing.”
Just as Sammy predicted, once Cas started showing Dean the choreo himself, Dean picked it up pretty quickly. The single choreo, anyway. The partnered stuff was a little…trickier.
Dean suddenly turned to face him, mouth open in shock. “Yeah,” he whispered. “Yeah, that – that sounds about right.” He cleared his throat and faced forward again. “So, Sammy and I started talking, a lot. He was helping me figure stuff out – I mean, I knew I wasn’t straight, but I didn’t really know any more than that. It took a little while, but we figured out I was bi and –  maybe demiromantic? Not as sure about that one, but yeah. Of course figuring out that being bi is just as bad as – or worse than – being straight in some circles didn’t exactly help with the rejection thing,” Dean grimaced.
Mary smiled and gestured for the woman to sit on the bench next to her. “And here I thought I was the only person in the city crazy enough to bring a child to an art museum,” she joked.
“That is a lie, I can’t help it if I roll really well,” Dean retorted as he set up the board – red in front of Sammy, blue in front of him, and yellow in front of Cas. Sam started to explain the rules, but pretty soon Cas started frowning in confusion.
Lee walked quietly behind him until they were coming up on the boy’s bathrooms; then he made his move, quickly grabbing Dean’s arm and dragging him inside.
But even though his workout helped, he still knew that he was nowhere near ready to talk to Cas about…any of it. Not Lee, not why he was still so upset; for once, he just had no idea what he could possibly talk to Cas about. So he didn’t. He canceled their next pop culture night and ignored all of Cas’ attempts to reschedule until Cas stopped asking about them, but he never gave up on trying to talk to Dean at lunch, no matter how many times Dean pushed him away. It got to the point that Dean realized he was being a total asshole, shutting Cas out like this…which only caused him to push Cas away harder, because Cas didn’t deserve any of Dean’s bullshit in his life.
He didn’t love Lee’s habit of getting him off and almost immediately disentangling himself, giving Dean a quick kiss and disappearing, but – Dean could handle it.
Dean finally lapsed into silence, feeling…well, kinda relieved to get it all out? But also just…hollowed out. He focused on munching on his stale crackers and bread, ignoring the long-cold soup.
Dean clutched at his hair. “I don’t – I don’t know Cas! You’re hot, you’re fun to be around, I – I want you in my life, but…it’s not like I have any idea what it’s like to actually like a guy, I mean – look how badly I fucked up being with Lee!”
“Okay, I can see you working yourself up from here,” Sam interrupted, “and you shouldn’t be. Dean can be weird sometimes, just – let’s play something else.” Sam looked around before lighting up. “Oooh, Boggle! I forgot about Boggle, no one else in the house will play with me anymore – and it’s easy, come on!”
“Apologies if I sound like I’m rambling, dear, I just – I guess I’m debating with myself. If it makes sense to try and keep Castiel here in Maryland instead of letting him go back to the Bible Belt with his parents.”
He’d already sort of gotten an answer from Cas, but Sammy was smart about that sort of stuff too. The question was whether the teasing that was sure to follow would be worth asking Sammy and the better understanding of attraction.
In any case, he hadn’t seen Sam so excited to come over in – well, too many years. (He should’ve known better than to think it was over getting to spend some time in his company.) Sam burst through the door and barely gave Bobby a second to say hello before shouting one of the last things Bobby had expected to hear: “Dean and Cas are getting married!”
Dean squeezed Cas’ hand. “I, uh…yeah, I think so. Basically…Lee was trying to help me figure out – well, how I felt about you. Figuring out what I wanted before I put my foot in my mouth – which I guess I kinda went ahead and did anyway,” Dean winced.
“Dean – and Cas! Welcome, what brings you by?” Mary asked cheerfully. “Bobby, out of the way, I need to hug my boys!”
“And I guess you didn’t grab anything to eat after she cancelled?” Cas muttered, giving Dean a knowing glance.
Sam came and threw an arm around her shoulders. “I’m glad that they called, and you should probably talk to them soon, but today? Today it’s Christmas, and we deserve to celebrate, not stress!”
After the burgers were ready, Bobby made Cas swear not to tell Dean anything Bobby had taught him. “It’s a secret Dean has tried too many underhanded ways to get, so he’s lost any right to get it honestly. Do not fall for any of his tricks,” Bobby explained sternly. “And this way, if he really wants a taste of home while he’s at school, you can make them for him. But don’t let him watch while you’re making them – get a friend to distract him or something, because he will try to sneak in the kitchen to take a look, I’ve caught him far too many times.”
Cas cleared his throat. “As it happens, it was true at the time – but. Things can change. I wouldn’t take it as an absolute or anything.”
Grandma Irene snorted. “Well, if that’s the only thing you’ve got left to hold over him, boyo, then you can walk right out the door – I can afford to take care of him until his trust fund kicks in.”
Cas met his gaze, fear clear in his eyes. “What if we mess up what we already have? What if me not having sex with you leads to you wanting something that I can’t give you? What if…what if you end up hating me for it?”
Mary bent down and grinned at him. “We’re meeting them the weekend after it opens – not this weekend or next weekend, but the weekend after that.”
“Let’s,” Cas agreed, and they entered the museum. They visited all their favorite exhibits, spending the most time looking at the pop art and the Impressionists, but eventually Dean cleared his throat.
Castiel Adler was a little worried about attending his first meeting of his college’s Gender and Sexuality Alliance. Asexuality was not always easily accepted – even in places like this, as his internet explorations had taught him – but he had promised himself that he would at least give it a try.
Cas took a deep breath. “So. Like I said before, this is not only about me. If there’s something you’re interested in that I haven’t thought of, or something I’ve thought of that makes you uncomfortable, you have to tell me.”
Sam gave Dean a hard hug. “I know Lee leaving messed you up, and you didn’t want to talk about it, but – Dean. I’m here, Bobby’s here – hell, I bet even Charlie and Cas would listen. You can’t keep holding it in like this.”
But now it was the Arcimboldo exhibit weekend, and Dean was wriggling excitedly in the backseat of the car, his mom laughing at him from the front seat. “We’re almost there, Dean, relax.”
Mary couldn’t help laughing at that. “Alright, alright, off we go – but not too fast!” she called as the boys started to race off, Cas tugging at Dean’s hand to slow him down after Mary’s warning.
Cas chuckled and went off to spend some time with Sam; he wasn’t sure where Dean had disappeared to, but it would be nice to spend some solo time with his friend.
“You a hundred percent sure about that, babydoll?” Lee rumbled in his ear as he roughly cupped Dean’s dick. “Cuz it sure feels like your bottom half has another opinion.”
Dean…didn’t reply, deciding to just bury his face in Cas’ neck instead and enjoy the warm fuzzy feeling Cas’ arms and words were giving him.
“Cas. From the moment we started talking here, almost fifteen years ago now, I knew you were special – I knew that I had to keep you in my life. We’ve been friends ever since then, and as much as I treasure you as a friend…I think I just hadn’t realized that I think of you…as more. Cas, if you’ll forgive me for being so dense for so long, I – if you’re up for it, how would you feel about going on a date? With, uh, me?”
Dean growled at her halfheartedly. They both knew she was right, that Dean was being ridiculous. Before Dean could say anything else, Charlie just sighed. “Come on, let’s go meet some people. No one’s going to bite.”
Cas bit his lip. “I think so. Which will mean coming clean about your original…exaggeration, as well.”
But when Castiel checked the paper, there wasn’t one but two phone numbers – one labeled with an S, one labeled with a D.
Dean immediately froze, a chill running down his spine. “Dad – Dad can’t ever know,” he forced out through numb lips.
To neither boys’ surprise, Mary was happy to take the two girls in; she started tidying up the guest room as she continued to talk with them on their walk to meet Claire and Kaia, asking about their studies and what had been going on in their lives. Cas cut Dean off in the middle of his moaning over a test that he worried he did horribly on (but Cas knew he almost certainly did perfectly well on). “Look, there she is.”
After this choreo practice, Dean’s mind was swirling with far more than just the dance steps – although those were being internalized as he mentally reviewed them. No, most of Dean’s conscious attention was focused on the idea of multiple kinds of attraction. Was it possible that even though he liked dating girls…he could like dating guys too?
“Yeah, of course,” Claire mumbled. “And, uh – I’m Claire. I’m new here and, uh – I’m…not exactly sure what my labels are, but I’m pretty happy to be dating my girlfriend, so. Yeah.”
Of all the times Bobby had had her back, this one time that he didn’t had left Mary reeling. Dean…wasn’t who she thought he was. Her boy had a boyfriend, not a girlfriend. And not just any boyfriend, but Castiel. The poor boy she had welcomed into her family like a son…was now dating her actual son.
Cas nodded. “At the end of the exhibit, they have some of his reversible paintings – put on the wall one way, there’s a painting; but if you put the same painting on the wall upside down, there’s a whole other painting to see. The museum has mirrors placed so you can see both paintings at once.”
Dean squirmed at the sudden onslaught of memories. “Well, I mean, I…I liked to before Lee, but…” He waved a hand at the box. “These are all the ones he got for me.”
Dean nodded slowly, thinking through what his mom had said. “He…already knows a lot about me,” he started slowly, “but…I guess I haven’t asked some of the questions I should. He may not know…that I want to know.”
A small part of Dean’s brain recognized that Sammy wasn’t alone, he was standing with the director of the play (Rowena Macleod, drama teacher and pain in his ass) and one of the leads (Donna Hanscum, a good friend who had been so damn pleased to get the role). Rowena had her usual smirk in place. “Our original actor for Link made some boneheaded decisions that landed him in the hospital and incapable of fulfilling his role,” she drawled. “Sam here has told me you can take his place.”
Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “Of course, father,” he replied, squeezing Claire’s hand before following Zachariah out of the room.
When they got down there, Mary and Sam were up but neither of the girls nor Bobby were in the kitchen. “I sent Bobby a text, warning him about our new houseguests, and he thought he should probably wait til dinner to make an appearance,” Mary told them before either of the boys could ask.
Dean nodded before turning to the food they had ordered. It smelled amazing, even if he couldn’t quite figure out what the smells were. They dug in, and Dean barely held back a loud moan. “This is *amazing*!” he whispered to Cas.
“Yeah, yeah, just tell us!” the boys crowed, eager for the details as Dean just rolled his eyes behind them all, not convinced Lee was actually going to spill.
Mary smiled and opened her arms as Dean lit up and ran into her embrace. “Then I guess we’re heading out!”
Cas squared his shoulders. “Or else I’m terminating our friendship,” he finally responded firmly. “I deserve better treatment than this, Dean, and I…I can’t keep doing this,” he continued despairingly. “Either we’re friends, and we communicate and depend on each other as such, or else we’re not, and we’ll go our separate ways. But you cannot keep being my friend and also shut me out when you feel like it.” Cas turned to face Dean head-on. “Please, Dean; talk to me. Help me understand.”
(Later, he’d wish that he’d been awake enough to realize exactly what his father was up to, but for the moment – peaceful sleep.)
As the day of his trip home with Cas came closer and closer, Dean felt himself growing increasingly nervous. So instead of letting himself get psyched out and claim that something had happened at home so they couldn’t go (because he knew Cas would be disappointed but understanding and Dean would drown in his guilt), he called Sammy.
He wasn’t sure where he would be now without Sam and Dean, but it wouldn’t have been nearly as good of a place as he was currently. Now, he had family – *real* family to help him with the only blood relative he truly loved. Like Mary said, they were all family now, and – to quote Bobby – “family don’t end in blood.”
Dean perked up at that. He liked looking at art, but Cas liked knowing about art – and the artist. Dean always learned a lot if he just asked Cas, “Yeah? What do you know about him?”
In the car on the way home, he sent out a warning text to Sam and Cas, but he didn’t get a response. He figured that it was most likely because they weren’t done with talking to Bobby, and not something ridiculous like the talk with Bobby went so bad that they both turned their phones off. (Sometimes Dean’s brain was a jerk, okay?)
“…Dean, did you just ask me if finding other men attractive makes you gay?” Castiel asked incredulously.
Both Winchester boys lit up and ran out of the kitchen, leaving Cas to stare quizzically at Bobby. “Your burgers?”
He and Dean were soon thick as thieves. He was the reason Dean at least tried ice skating, even if said try went *horribly* – ending with Dean sprawled out on the ice, soaking wet, and having been in danger of losing his fingers a couple times. Instead, Lee introduced Dean to street hockey between his continued shifts at the garage (which Dean quickly picked up and enjoyed playing), and soon Lee was stopping by after hockey practice – sometimes for games, sometimes just to hang out.
“No – no, Cas, I didn’t say it was a certainty or anything, I just brought it up as a hypothetical, and Dean just…reacted really strongly,” Sam hurried to explain. “…Almost too strongly. Like…like he was certain you didn’t want to date him. Have you two already talked about this?”
Dean caught up quickly. “Fair enough. But since my dorm’s the same direction, I’m just going to make sure you get there safely, alright?”
“Castiel is…special,” the older woman sighed. “I’m his grandmother – Irene Adler, how do you do,” she interrupted herself, offering a hand to shake. Mary shook the offered hand, grinning. “Now where was I – oh yes, Castiel. His grandfather passed recently – yes, tragic, if only he was a better man to have earned sadness at his passing – and so Castiel and the rest of his family have come to check in on me.” Irene bit her lip. “But Castiel…he’s become such a quiet, somber child. He was such a ray of sunshine the last time he visited, but now…” She shook her head. “Taking him this museum has been the only thing I’ve seen spark any sort of real emotion from him – well, that and your son.”
Not only to not step on a future datemate’s toes (god Dean loved that word, he wished he got to use it more often), but…no one would want to date someone that already had another person draped all over them; Dean didn’t want his (totally, completely, successfully ignored) mushy feelings that he kept indulging with all the touching getting in the way of Cas’ happiness.
Castiel blinked at him. “You’re lying, and now I’m going to be worrying about you.” He sighed before holding out a hand, gesturing for Dean to come closer. “Gimme your phone.”
As for Dean not being as interested in girls as she thought…well. He definitely had been in high school, so maybe this was just some sort of college experimentation phase?
And so started their first movie night since their conversation. Cas wasn’t sure what to expect, but The Aristocats certainly wasn’t it.
“Lighten up, Mary, no way they haven’t heard it before,” she replied grumpily. “Bet Claire over here agrees, even.”
He and Lee hadn’t really gotten to the below-the-clothes action point yet, so now Dean wasn’t only wearing panties in front of his makeout buddy…he wasn’t wearing any real clothes either, for the first time.
…But Dean was not one to introduce a significant other to family lightly; Mary had only known about all the girls through the town’s grapevine, not from Dean himself. If Dean was going through all the effort of introducing Cas as his boyfriend to the family, this was a serious relationship, not an experiment or a fling.
The drive back to campus was entirely silent. Cas focused on driving and only glanced at Dean’s closed eyes and tense body language every now and then; he was afraid of what might happen if he tried to turn on any music. Instead he drove to the soundtrack of his own worried thoughts about the boy next to him, and whatever the person named Lee had done to him that the mere mention of the name had Dean so tense. Hopefully he could get answers sooner rather than later.
Dean groaned. “Fine! Fine.” He pulled out a scrap piece of paper from his pocket, took the pen Castiel offered him and scribbled down the information.
…But maybe he could tell someone else. If he could just pretend that Cas wasn’t in the room long enough to tell someone else over the phone…
“Thank you,” Cas interrupted, “but I’m not. Without it, I…I never would have met Sam, or you, or Mary – and I definitely would not be dating Dean. I…you all have been beyond amazing, welcoming me into your home and your hearts, and I…” Cas sniffled. “I wouldn’t change anything for the world.”
Mary sighed. “I…you’re right. I’ll go.” She knelt down to face Dean. “Do you still want to come, baby? Or do you want to stay here with your brother and your dad?”
Cas smiled gently. “As long as you end up with everything that you need and at least a couple things you two want, I’ll think of something to tell them.”
Cas blinked back at her in surprise as Dean whispered loudly, “I told you she wouldn’t care.” He then cleared his throat and in his normal voice asked Mary if they could “pretty pretty please go back to the exhibits on the first floor? I was telling Cas about some of the ones we saw and I wanna go show him!”
Cas had to admit that D&D was far more fun up close rather than observing from afar. Next to Dean, Cas understood the holding-your-breath tension of specific dice rolls, the important distinction between player and character knowledge, the thrill of triumphantly winning a long battle or solving a frustrating puzzle, the hilarious shenanigans certain players enacted and got others sucked into, the delight of stumping Charlie with certain choices; the simple pleasure of watching a story develop and unfold in real time.
Dean laughed loudly at that. “Okay, okay. I just wanna know you’ll be alive to talk to Sammy later.”
Cas sighed as Dean’s glare was joined by Mary’s. “It’s okay, Sam, I understand what you meant.” Mary and Dean both turned away, grumbling, and Sam mouthed Cas a quick “thank you.” “My cousin and I have…very intolerant parents, and from what I understand, the two girls were perceived as being on a date and…neither of their households are friendly to that sort of relationship. So. I was hoping for them to stay for a little while, until I can come up with alternate accommodations. This isn’t the first time Claire’s run away, just the most suddenly, from what I understand, so – they just need a place to stay until one of us can come up with something more permanent.”
“I see,” Mary mused. “If it helps, it certainly sounds like Castiel would be better off. And you could always play the grieving card – the house is so big by yourself, Castiel would be company and someone to take care of, keep you busy – and it looks like he’s already guaranteed to have a friend in my son,” Mary laughed.
So Cas did what he had been longing to do since he saw them – he picked up the almost-perfect blue panties, fingering the silky material. “These are very nice, Dean,” he rumbled, voice having gone surprisingly deep all of a sudden.
Dean took a deep breath. “I’m-bringing-Cas-home-to-introduce-him-as-my-boyfriend-over-break-next-week-and-I’m-so-freaking-nervous,” he blurted out.
He stuck close to Cas during art class – he didn’t really know anyone else (aside from the vague recognition of other people who he’d gone to school with for years but never really interacted with) and that was a bit of a first for him. Cas introduced him to a couple of other students – Anna and Inias – and Dean soon became friendly enough with them, quickly followed by others in the class. And while Dean wouldn’t say that he made the best of friends in his art classes, at least he didn’t feel like such an outsider when he wasn’t glued to Cas anymore.
“I’m FINE!” Castiel protested loudly before starting to walk toward his dorm, gait admittedly more wobbly than he’d like.
He wiggled closer, hands outstretched, until his fingers went from barely brushing the object to firmly grasping it and dragging it out. It was a box, a white one, that sounded full of…something when he shook it, but still had very little weight.
Dean immediately threw his keys at Cas. Cas huffed when they hit the floor and he had to bend down to pick them up (“handing people things instead of throwing them at them, Dean, it’s not that hard,” he’d told Dean more than once before) but he didn’t say a word as he walked off.
Bobby nodded. “Your brother always was a little quick to the self-sacrificial altar,” he responded slowly.
Lee sighed again. “Look Dean, I know it’s hard, I’ve been there, but you have to try and let go of – “
“Or you’re in denial still, perfect,” Lee groaned. “Anyway. Think about it. And let me know when you get your head out of your ass – I’m still your friend.”
Dean could not, okay? The best way to his heart was through his stomach and his brother, and unfortunately (fortunately?), Cas had already mastered the latter and was well on his way to mastering the former. Dean knew he was in trouble, but this? This just sealed the deal – maybe Cas didn’t deserve Dean’s bullshit, but Dean didn’t care anymore; this was not someone he could allow to get away without a fight.
Dean quickly caught up to him, the girls hanging behind a little. “So. Parents that bad, huh?” his boyfriend commented.
“Serves you right, you wanted Cas to play, and now he’s broken your oh-so-great winning streak – Cas, you are more than welcome to play anytime. Anytime,” Sam smirked.
Cas knew that both Dean and Sam were worried about Mary and her rushing out the door so fast; but he could also tell that Bobby was quite calm about it, which soothed most of his own fears.
So even once the school year started, Dean would put in hours at the garage for a little extra money or just to work off some steam that wasn’t otherwise being released.
One particularly hot makeout in the garage got interrupted by Sammy, and Lee couldn’t get out of there fast enough. Faced with Sammy’s probing questions, Dean caved. Yes, he and Lee had been making out a lot; no, he didn’t know why; no, he and Lee hadn’t talked about it – like, at all; and no, no one else knew. (Not knowing that Bobby had already come across them a few days previous and decided to not say anything.)
And Cas had to admit, it was a fantastic movie. He chuckled at all the jokes, gasped at the dramatic reveals, sighed at the romantic moments…it was the perfect movie to get his mind off of Dean’s mystery.
Dean frowned. It wasn’t fair that Cas, amazing Cas, got the short end of the dating stick just because other kids were dumb! He couldn’t change everyone’s mind in their high school, but there was *something* he could do. He could be an awesome best friend.
Sam and Bobby and his mom were upset, of course, but Dean…all he could think about was how he had been so dreading John coming back, that a little part of him had wished that John would never come home, and now – now he never would.
“Please what, Dean?” Cas asked slowly, savoring the words and faintly noticing that his voice sounded noticeably deeper.
Which, Dean quickly realized, was a bad idea. The last time he tried starting anything with a friend was – well, Lee. And look how that had turned out.
“I – wh – how did you know??” Sammy sputtered into the phone. “For all you know, she could be a he!”
Last night…definitely could have gone worse, Dean admitted to himself, but he had not expected Cas to find his panty collection. That was not something Dean had expected to deal with so soon – and he knew Cas. Just because his boyfriend had been distracted by The Princess Bride and his own fatigue did not mean that Cas was going to let Dean’s immediate shutdown of the topic go. Dean was going to get badgered for information, sooner rather than later, and he had better have a plan when it happened.
“Stars an angel with a much more pronounceable name, and it’s also your nickname from now on, Clarence,” she continued gleefully.
But Claire’s favorite part of the night was getting to spend time talking with Charlie and Dorothy – about college, joining their school’s GSA, D&D (which Kaia was very interested in, and Claire remained a little skeptical but willing to give it a try) and just…life. There weren’t that many years between the two couples, but Claire could so easily see how the older two were so much more comfortable in their own skins, in their relationship...
His expression must have been worse than he expected, because Cas immediately looked worried. “Dean? Are you okay?”
Which, as it turned out, meant that he got a decent amount of sleep before his father decided to call him at far-too-early in the morning.
“Yeah, yeah, Lord’s name in vain, yadda yadda. Out of the way, I’m not here for you,” the voice continued as a familiar face shouldered her way in front of Zachariah.
After dinner, the kids migrated to the family room, sprawling out on the couch and the surrounding chairs. Dean and Gabriel were groaning, stomachs overly full and not happy about it. Cassie had “heartlessly abandoned” his boyfriend (Dean’s words, not Cassie’s) to spend some time with Claire and Kaia, wanting to make sure that they were doing well.
Dean flushed a little but forged on. “Like…hugging is clearly okay. But – kissing? Hanging out less-than-fully-clothed? Holding hands in public? I mean…I just…” He took a deep breath. “I really, really want to do this right, and not do anything that makes you uncomfortable, so…we should talk about that. Sooner rather than later.”
“Hello, Kaia,” Cas greeted her, hand outstretched, only for Kaia to flinch and retreat behind Claire. “Apologies, I didn’t mean to scare you,” Cas immediately offered as he pulled his hand back. “I’m Castiel – Cas – Claire’s cousin, and this – ” He felt his face grow hotter as he cleared his throat. “This is my boyfriend, Dean.”
“I bet not,” Dean grumbled as he sent another text telling Sam to back off, Cas had accidentally told him and he didn’t need Sam making Cas feel guilty – it was done, he was coming, end of story. A lightbulb went off as he was typing and he sent one last text: ‘How were you even going to explain how you knew Cas without Cas and I being friends first? Mom and Bobby don’t know about you being ace.’
Dean sunk deeply into his grief and guilt, buried to the point that he felt like he would never escape it.
“Well,” Sam interrupted, still looking far too gleeful for Bobby’s comfort, “Technically that’s an exaggeration. But – ” (Sam continued over Bobby’s groaned, “Dammit, boy.”) “ – Dean is bringing Cas home as his boyfriend and planning to say so to Mom, so…they are pretty serious.”
So when Cas’ mad dash paid off, leaving him ready and waiting as Dean retrieved his own meal, he was relieved. He was going to help his friend, no matter what it took; whatever Dean had to say, Cas was ready to listen.
“Kaia definitely seems skittish, so I’d suggest minimal contact with her – not that Claire would allow much, she’s been pretty protective,” Cas sighed. “Claire grew up in an austere and religious household, but Kaia…I don’t know exactly where she’s been living, exactly, but it can’t have been good. Both of them are going to need time to…adjust, is my guess.”
Still couldn’t stop himself from doing it though. Not until Charlie showed back up and smacked his arm. “Really Winchester?? I was gone for what – ten minutes?”
Suddenly Lee didn’t want to do anything until he saw that Dean was wearing something Lee had brought him underneath his normal pair of jeans. Then Lee would be all hands, rubbing all over Dean’s ass, crooning all sorts of nicknames; baby girl, babydoll, sweetheart. But it was “good girl” that was Dean’s favorite and got the loudest moans; Lee used it sparingly.
“Um. The idea of Cas dating is…terrifying. Because I know that whoever Cas decides to date is going to be amazing, so much better than I could ever be, and…I don’t want to get in the way of Cas finding that person, I really don’t. I’m okay with being left behind – ”
“And, I mean, part of it was – I was only just realizing I wasn’t completely straight, right? It was a pretty recent development before the kiss, and then…then things with Lee got a lot more hot and heavy. I mean, no penetration or anything,” Dean continued quickly, “but…there were definitely orgasms.” He paused. “Almost all of them mine, actually, now that I’m thinking about it,” he continued distantly before shaking his head. “Suffice to say, things got…a lot more intense. And I missed a lot of warning signs. The last day of school…”
“Nope, none of them interest me, I’m trying not to think about it, can we just – ” Cas gritted out through a clenched jaw before sighing loudly. “Can we just walk around the museum without any more questions? Please?”
“Then let’s go,” Cas turned and started walking towards where Dean told him his car was parked. “We’ve got a bit of a drive ahead of us.”
Dean was in a daze for the next few days as he realized that his dad wasn’t going to let him have a say in his own future, that this was basically a done deal and there really wasn’t anything Dean could do to change it. He never really could stand up to his father – not for himself, anyway – and as much as he was dreading starting at the Naval Academy and all the expectations and pressures that would come with it, there was also a little, tiny bit of...relief. He wouldn’t have to worry about making choices when his dad was making them for him; no need to worry that he was making a mistake or doing something that would disappoint him. It wasn’t all bad.
“I’m sure he didn’t,” Cas tried to console, rubbing a hand up and down Dean’s arm. He wasn’t as sure as he was trying to sound, but no point in upsetting Dean. Maybe he could distract him…
Dean shot fully upright, staring at Cas. “That’s – that’s for whips and shit, not for – ”  Dean gestured. “Stuff like this.”
Oh sure, there was plenty of bickering and glares and suspicious thumping noises, but none of it ever festered, became something darker as it could between the Winchester brothers. It was surface level tension, nothing deeper, and Mary made sure that both her boys and Cas knew that Cas was welcome under her roof anytime, Dean or no Dean, Sam or no Sam. (Cas had been skittish enough at any mention of his family or his home life that Mary wanted to make sure he knew that he had a home with them now.)
Sammy always appeared soon afterward and wanted help with his homework, got all up in Dean’s space while asking his questions. Even though Dean would have usually grumbled about chick flick moments, after Lee’s brusque exits…it felt nice to be needed, to be cuddled a little, so he never said a word.
“I – um. This should not be this hard,” Sam whispered to himself before straightening his shoulders. “Okay. Dean is bi, because he’s attracted to multiple genders. Straight, gay and lesbian people are attracted to one gender. But…there’s also people who aren’t attracted to anyone.”
“No, really!” Dean protested, crawling forward to wrap Cas in a hug. “I – just – I was overwhelmed,” he confessed in a rush as Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck. “You’re right, Lee did – some of this stuff, and – hearing it from you was just stirring up a lot. Lee may have been awful, but he was pretty good at making me feel great, and – just, it was a lot to be feeling all at once, not to mention the whole ace thing and worrying if getting hard would be a compliment or a turn-off on top of it – it was just a bit too much,” he admitted reluctantly. “But it wasn’t your fault, it was mine.”
Cas turned to thank Bobby, but the gruff man just held up a hand. “It’s not a big deal, please don’t get all worked up about it,” he grumped. “If you really want to thank me, you can help me make them.”
It was easy to get Cas to agree to a visit to the National Galleries – Thanksgiving break had been too short to squeeze in a visit, but both thought it had been far too long and were looking forward to it.
“You don’t what? You don’t like it? Or – perhaps – ”  Dean looked up at Cas’ pause, and noticed Cas wasn’t looking at his face anymore. “Perhaps you like it a little too much?”
Cas sighed. “At our age, dating is so wrapped up in sex – it just doesn’t seem worth the effort to try and explain that I’m interested in romance but not sex.”
Bidding Cas a quick goodnight, Dean made a break for the door again – only for Charlie to suddenly loom in his face, bright grin in place. “You have a choice, Dean Winchester. You sit down and talk to Cas tonight – or at the very least, make plans to talk at a better time, it is pretty late – or I swear to the geek gods, you stubborn bastard, I *will* lock you two in a closet. Capiche?”
Sam blew out a breath. “Thank you. So, it had gotten intense. Maybe more intense than Lee expected? Whatever the case, something happened on the last day of classes – Dean never told me exactly what, which is probably good for my sanity – and, in his own way, Lee must have been saying goodbye. Because, as it turns out, Lee had gotten on a plane bound for an army base the very next day. With a new phone in his pocket. Apparently he had warned everyone besides Dean that he planned to basically cut contact with everyone once he left. Dean didn’t even know that he had planned to join the military, and especially with Dad so recent…”
Claire cleared her throat. “I promise, Cassie, it’s fine. Jody promised she’d keep them off our backs as much as she could – Uncle Zach messed up.”
…Except. Cas didn’t seem to understand why Dean was suddenly giving him all his personal space back. Which. Dean was not going to explain it, okay, it was unspoken bro code and Dean was nothing if not a great friend; it was for Cas’ own good, no matter how much Cas’ sad face started to tear at Dean’s well-constructed reasoning.
…Well, Cas hadn’t been all that interested in knowing, but now that it was so firmly denied he was burning with curiosity. But he could bide his time until tomorrow, when he could ask Sam. For now, he was willing to let Dean put an end to that conversation.
Instead of understanding the level of cruelty he had stooped to, Bobby just agreed with Dean and banished him from the kitchen, ordered Sam to keep him busy. Like he was a damn dog.
Not that Cas saw it that way, so Dean did his best to explain to Cas exactly what had been going on in his brain – which, admittedly, was complicated and layered. It wasn’t all bad, was his point, and Cas seemed to understand a little better after Dean explained (yay for communication). Giving Cas a hug through his explanation might have helped too.
Cas groaned as Claire smirked. “Toddler me had a very hard time with Castiel, and thus – Cassie! And now it’s just habit – not to mention it annoys him so much,” she finished in a stage whisper.
Zachariah’s shoulders stiffened. “And I suppose, Mother, that you would prefer to stay instead of returning with me?” he asked calmly.
“Aunt Amelia. Right now, I can promise you, that she’s safe and well taken care of. If I tell you where, and you show up, she won’t trust me, she’ll disappear again – and then, she might not end up somewhere safe.”
Dean ran a hand through his hair, chuckling bitterly. “Guess we both should’ve spent more time opening our mouths and talking rather than practicing, huh.”
Claire snickered but obliged, raising her hands in surrender. “Got it, Cassie. How much farther to this car?”
Dean seemed to be staying still long enough that Mary felt comfortable opening some of the informational pamphlets she had picked up at a number of the exhibits they had visited already. When she next looked up, Dean wasn’t alone anymore – he was waving his hands around excitedly as he talked to a quietly nodding boy who looked to be around his age. “Excuse me? Are you Dean’s mother?” suddenly came from behind her, and Mary turned to face a kindly looking older woman. “I apologize if I startled you, dear. Dean pointed you out when he started talking to my grandson, and I thought I should come over and introduce myself.”
“Because unfortunately for you, you’re a stubborn ass who can overreact and Cas didn’t want to make whatever’s going on worse, so he came to me first for advice. Do you want to talk it out with me first, or just go straight to Cas?”
Sam made a considering noise. “It’s hard to tell. I mean, it’s a definite possibility – he almost certainly knows that we’re talking right now, and he told me some pretty damning stuff, from his perspective. On the other hand, he clearly really likes you, if you’re worthy of martyr mode, so…” Sam trailed off. “Actually. He got really agitated at the idea of you being interested in dating him. That’s – that’s the part that made him hang up on me.”
But this…so many people, all laughing and talking over one another! And the food – three different kinds of potatoes, mushrooms, Brussels sprouts, green beans, multiple turkeys, homemade cranberry sauce, deviled eggs, mac and cheese…and that was just what Claire could see.
Sammy rolled his eyes as Dean messed with his hair, but he couldn’t stop the grin that took over his face. “Yeah, it really is. Oh, and Mom wanted me to tell Cas that she’s sorry for what she said your first night here, let me go – ”
“Oh, that’s a good idea,” Cas replied thoughtfully. “I know Claire went to that convent school, probably Kaia too, one minute – ” He texted Mary to ask the girls. “Yep, both at the Holy Spirit Academy.”
Bobby smiled. “Well, thank you for trusting me with this, Sam. You’re still my boy.” And with that he held his arms wide open and Sam ran into them, hugging Bobby within an inch of his life.
“Right,” Claire snorted. “I bet he was. Did he tell you why we were here, or just that we shouldn’t be here?”
So, to stay strong, Dean cancelled pop culture night. Just for one week, just to give himself a chance to breathe and practice being away from Cas (a state he was sure he was going to get awfully familiar with soon enough). He didn’t even have to come up with a way to distract himself that night; Charlie helpfully offered to meet him for a one-on-one session to discuss his D&D character leveling up at the same time as Dean would usually have been meeting Cas. She even split a George’s splurge with him (despite her weird insistence on cheese rather than her usual crazy toppings combo).
