Sherlock came out of the toilet, looking exhausted and John forgot all about the phone. “You’re due another round of meds.”
Sherlock looked up. “Stay here tonight.”
“Clean up and meet me in the kitchen.”
Sherlock did, tossing it over the footboard. He was naked except for his collar.
"You got some new strain of opium, I take it? From one of your ‘contacts’? Is this something I should be concerned about? Is Britannia on the cusp of an opium flood?"
"I was." John said, leaning on the counter. The waiting room was crowded but no one looked up when they entered. The surgery had limited hours on Sunday, and the people who couldn't make evening appointments filled up Sundays. "Hi, Luann." He smiled at the nurse/receptionist decked out in cheery pink scrubs. She was clacking fast across the keyboard.
“Why these?” He asked.
“Yes, excellent.” He paused again, then thought of the box. “I could use accessories on you.” Sherlock mused aloud and watched for reactions from John. “Perhaps some rope and a blindfold?”
“God.” Molly frowned at the page. “Does he remember anything?” She asked.
“What day is it?”
There was applause all around for Sherlock's win of Star Baker that week, and then Mel stepped forward. "That means that I have the sad duty of announcing who is going home today."
“My arse is acting up.” Sherlock grumbled.
“Well, I’m pleased for you both.” She said. “And John, it was so good of you to finally show that
“Ah, ah…” Sherlock hissed as his hole was breached and he tried to bear down to let John in.
"Fine." Some crumbs fell off Sherlock's lips. He picked up his tea cup.
"That." John nodded to them. "Telling them off."
“This bloody experiment!”
"Hello." John said.
"What I
"What on earth are you doing?"
John limped back to the herana. His soul felt lower than it ever had before. He needed more medical time off. He needed to crawl into a little hole and cry and nurse his aching body. A small dark voice, one he'd been trying to ignore, shone faintly and said,
“Does it hurt?” John looked at his arse in a clinical way, searching for swelling or signs of bleeding. He seemed fine.
"But you didn't lose the arm." Sherlock murmured, amazed.
He took the Tube to the hospital and descended into the cold, sterile labs below. “Sherlock!” Molly greeted him cheerily. “I thought you’d be by.” She brought him to the remaining pieces of Owen’s body, laid out on a metal table. He’d dried out a bit by now and Lestrade was staring at the remains, looking grim. He grunted a greeting at Sherlock and looked away from the pieces.
Jim staggered, growled, and pounced. He was shoving John to the bed but John twisted and they ended up in a heap on the floor.
“Do you need to use this word right now?”
“I stick by what I said.” John stuck a forkful of noodles into his mouth. “He was a bad man and a bloody awful cabbie.”
The whole meal took a couple hours and by the end, they were both full and satisfied.
“Find David.” Sherlock said in a haughty tone. He strode for the door. “And unless something really interesting happens, don’t contact me again.” He left the flat, pulling his coat tight around himself and popping the collar. Violence and coercion, that’s how doms did their business. That’s how Seb was around him, and that’s how Seb’s friends were at Uni. Sure, she had seemed upset, genuinely upset, but he could make himself look upset too.
“What?! You never go anywhere—why the hell are you in Glasgow?!”
John laughed, high-pitched and nervous. He wished it was something as simple as the sushi.
“Should I be worried?”
"Goodness, you need this." Sherlock stroked his hand through John's hair and he let out a shaky sigh. "Hush…" He stroked rhythmically. "Here." He took a pillow and handed it down and John shoved it under his knees. "Your leg. I don't want you to be uncomfortable." Sherlock said. "We'll just sit like this for a bit, take the edge off, alright, darling?"
of a riding crop slicing the air and striking flesh startled the quiet domesticity. Sherlock cried out from the bedroom. John's voice followed, pitched low in a soothing timbre. The bed creaked. John's bare feet padded on the floorboards. Another
Sherlock’s heart sagged to his knees.
John pressed just below his prostate, teasing and maintaining pressure.
“Uh, sure.” Betsy wished him a good night and watched, worried, as he left.
"I've never felt like this before! It hurts!"
“Relax. I’m taking it out.” He slipped it out carefully and set it aside, then shoved his own jeans and pants down. His cock was already hard and ready and John glanced around belatedly for lube.
"Don't lose your nerve." Harry warned.
“My, my palace…” He said.
He hummed and rested his head back on the pillow. Everything felt sort of thick inside his skull, dulled by morphine. He looked at John slumbering beside him in a Tshirt and sweatpant bottoms, his head tucked down into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. The bed was wider than a typical hospital bed. It was designed with couples in mind. Sherlock smiled.
"What did you do to end up in Jim's herana?" She asked. She handed him the loincloth. She sat down at the desk and took a piece of paper and a quill. She dipped the point in ink and began writing across the top of the page.
"Your grounding will commence once we return."
"I do, but..." she paused. "I don't know if I can read a whole book every week...I would hate to commit and fail."
"In here." He called.
He bellowed the last words and John flinched.
“I hope you’re still interested in fucking me.” John said, standing there naked. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he nodded. “Excellent. It’s been a while, you know that, so I’ll need the plug first. Can you put it in?”
“Nope.” Greg crossed his arms placidly.
him?"
“Oh, so now I’m controlling your whole life?”
Another shake.
"Well, I…not, not like that, I…"
John sat back. “Bend it as far as you can without pain. I want to see range of motion.”
His ribs turned to ice. His breath caught in his throat and Sherlock shoved the phone back in his pocket like he had just seen something disgusting. Seb? No, Seb couldn’t be texting him. He had John now—he didn’t want to talk to Seb ever again!
and Sherlock was the only person who could solve the case quickly. Sure, Scotland Yard would get it done eventually, but Sherlock was their secret weapon and John wanted to play with that weapon all day. It wasn’t fair to anyone.
John lifted off the counter and grabbed his jacket, heading for the door. “For what it’s worth, I enjoyed myself last night. Every part of it, not just the bit on the sofa.”
I have a tumblr now! Come talk to me if you'd like :D    ttime42.tumblr.com
He headed to the kitchen, snagging his phone along the way, and flipped on the coffee maker. He dashed off a quick text to Sherlock:
Sherlock shivered and bucked up, bracing his hands on the mattress as he came all over his dom’s belly and chest. He was only vaguely aware of the wet heat spurting up into his body as John came inside of him seconds later. They sat there, panting, and Sherlock felt the ejaculate slip out of him. He shivered, canting his hips down to get more of John in him.
I've been working on my current WIP. It's an historical AU set in a timeline similar to our own. I thought it might be fun to throw a holiday ficlet (or two. Or three. We'll see how this goes) into that world. In this setting, without giving too much away, Sherlock is a prince and John is a commoner. They meet and become very close. Some countries have different names in this AU. Ireland is called Hibern, for example. England is Britannia.
"There we are." John murmured.
Across the aisle, Greg and Molly were also on a short break, sipping bottles of water and allowing their respective doughs to rise.
“You’re just being contrary.” John told him.
Low murmurs of dejected sympathy filled the air and Molly squeezed John’s hand.
Greg blinked in surprise. John wanted his injured, beloved,
“If you saw a picture of your killer, would be able to identify him?” Sherlock pressed.
John grabbed his recipe and read it over. He was going for something savory this week. A double-cheese Focaccia. He'd made this twice in his life. Once was with his grandmother ages ago (she had done the yeast bit and thus it had risen perfectly) and once a couple years ago for Clara's birthday party (the yeast had risen in a sort of lopsided way somehow, resulting in an angled loaf of bread. Clara had said it was perfect. The bread wasn't straight and neither was she). It had been his most successful bread ever and he was willing to try again.
Their guests were soon knocking on the door. Spaghetti noodles tossed with Parmesan crusted scallops and wilted spinach were sitting in a bowl on the table. Garlic bread was warming in the oven and Sherlock was staring at his case notes pinned to the wall.
“N-no.”
Mycroft turned his attention again to the concubine. John wasn't looking at him but was staring at Moriarty with hate in his eyes. His hands were clenched into fists on his thighs and his jaw was tight and tense. Mycroft hid a smile behind the rim of his teacup. He didn’t much like the idea of a thief in the palace but maybe this time spent in Jim’s tender care had cured John of his thieving tendencies. Despite the obvious beating John had taken, he had fire yet in him. Good.  He would need fire and a strong spine if he was going to be dealing with Sherlock.
Jim stepped closer to the bars. In the firelight, his black eyes glowed like a devil’s. "And then I'll leave you here to die, just like your uncle did."
“Did she forgive you?”
So do murderers!” John snapped.
Jealous? A tiny voice inside spoke up, small but loud. That sub’s reaction was genuine and you know it—why would she need to hide it? Obviously she’s not the killer. You want to know what it would be like to experience that because you never have before—
“…So then I had to move it all to the kitchen sink to maintain the conditions and preserve the integrity of the experiment, but then Mrs. Hudson came up a few days later and pulled the plug because she thought it was clogged and it was dry for
Sherlock lay on the cool sheets as John smeared the ointment gel on each wound. “These are healing well.” He said. “We’ll leave them uncovered for today. You should be exposing them to air so they can dry out. If anything hurts or bleeds though—”
"You're a bit swollen. I'm going to touch you now." He looked up at her face. "That alright?"
“I agree. Go make us some.”
John saw a stocky, short-haired muscled bloke near the fire. A couple of men hung around him but he was clearly the leader.
The man walked away and Jim stepped aside, nodding for John to enter the chamber. John lifted his chin and walked forward, cladding himself with bravery. He could do this. Jim was just a guest, like all the others he'd attended.
“Thank you.” John said. He went back into the kitchen and—
Sherlock pulled out. “Do you need to submit?”
"Very much. You?"
Sherlock almost seemed to be expecting him.
John smiled and moved to sit up.
John slung a clean loincloth around his hips and got his politest face in place and headed off to the guest rooms, following the attendant like a docile dog. He knocked on the Prince's door and tried to muster a smile when Sherlock pulled it open.
“Don’t…” John said weakly.
“Took you long enough. I had half a mind to pick the lock.” Sherlock said. He glanced over John, that same sort of appealing sensation uncurling in his chest when he saw the doctor.
“There.” John marked the final bit of info on the chart. “And for being such a
“Don’t sell yourself short.” Sherlock mumbled. “I would never agree to marry an idiot. You remembered what Jenkins said in hospital, about the moonlit dirt road—the lack of trees, the pebbles. That narrowed down the roads they searched on.”
“Good.” He breathed. “Good boy.” He slipped out of his mouth and held a tissue to his lips and Sherlock spat. He stood, unwrapping the lead from Sherlock’s cock. The sub shuddered as John handled his sensitive cock, eyes closed and lips red and glistening and John smiled. He was completely in subspace, which was exactly where he wanted him.
“What?” Sherlock asked the moment he hung up.
“You stay here, John.” Betsy told him. Mike waved good-bye and was gone.
"You don't have to do this!" He was starting to feel panicky. Restricted to the grounds! He thought of his networks in the towns, all the places he went. He cherished his ability to go anywhere at will. He was thirty-two for fuck’s sake, this couldn't be happening. "Don’t do this! I'll never go to the Barrens again!"
“I don’t know.” Sherlock swept over to a large, complicated-looking microscope and sat down, flicking a few switches expertly and waiting for something inside of it to power up. He took his mobile out of a pocket and made a face at it. “Mike, can I borrow your phone? There’s no signal on mine.”
Sherlock tugged out of Mycroft's grip, exhausted. He fell on his back on the bed and groaned.
“I’m just going over to Bart’s. Stay here.” He dropped his voice. “Enjoy yourself.”
“Oh yes. You were so naughty.” John pulled him into a hug. He was trembling. “Sh, sh, was it alright?” He asked, stroking over his sweating back.
"He looks it." John was still a bit miffed about the rude way he was greeted.
“Sensitive here, are we?”
"Yes." Sherlock sighed. He tickled his dom's toes.
Sherlock had half a mind to get up and walk away.
“Oh do relax.” Sherlock mumbled, irritated at the sudden shot of pain that lanced through his ribs.
He sighed and sipped the last of his coffee, walking back up to B. He didn’t want to entertain the possibility that Sherlock would tell him to leave. To never come back. Sherlock was….well, Sherlock was it, as far as he was concerned. He imagined growing old together and it made him smile. It made him
“Not that I know of. Dimmock kicked me off the case, so I’ll stay away for a while before reinstating myself—even though I loathe waiting.” He clacked at his keyboard, very aware of John’s eyes on him. “My brain is like a rocket, tearing itself to pieces on the launchpad—it doesn’t do me any good to
“He’s at the clinic.” Sherlock snagged a biscuit and nibbled.
John reached behind himself and grabbed a plastic cup with a straw off the little table, holding it as Sherlock sipped. John put it back when he was finished.
Sherlock hesitated, then remembered the damned paddle and scuttled over there.
“Mm. Where are the gloves and lube?”
Sherlock, meanwhile, was doing something that involved smoke and vinegar.
Greg explained how Jim wanted more Britannian soldiers guarding the west and north. “Mycroft wants more saltpeter from Jim in exchange for the soldiers but Jim’s not budging. And anyway he doesn’t need more of our soldiers.” Greg said. “He has plenty of his own soldiers and already has some of ours. The idiot went and got himself into Scotland’s bad graces so now he’s flaunting his military. If it was up to me we’d pull all our people out of there and let Jim deal with his own messes.”
“Go away.” He growled. He paced through the blue gloomy morning light, grumbling. His shoulder flared up in pain and he slammed his hand into the wall. The
“Yeah, oh yeah.” He rocked back as Sherlock thrust forward and the detective picked up the pace. He let himself go and slammed into John, grinding his hips against his cheeks. He was ready to pop.
’ crew were concerned, a boring journey was a good journey. Boring meant safe. Boring meant nothing had gone wrong and no one, particularly the King, had drowned. Mycroft kept to his cabin, trusted the crew, and let them do their jobs. The crew of the
“Get these off me…” Sherlock whined.
“I really like it, love.” They crashed together in a hungry kiss. “My sub.” John growled. “All mine.” He kissed his sub’s mouth and held his crotch possessively. He hooked two fingers under the collar and tugged. Sherlock hummed in delight.
Sherlock looked up at him.
The place had a quiet mood about it. Each table was semi sectioned off to encourage privacy among diners. The room was done up in tones of deep purple and white and little silver artsy lamps dangled over each table, illuminating them in soft light. Tiny candles flickered on each cloth-covered table and John knew instantly he was out of his depth in here. Sherlock had probably dined in a place like this before either for a case or through Mycroft or such but he was more of a ‘pub food’ kind of guy. The waiter handed them menus and John thanked him, glancing it over. Sherlock watched him retreat and dismissed him as well.
“Yeah.” His voice was low and rough. The door clicked open. His dom was in pajama bottoms and a big Tshirt. His feet were bare. He crept in and knelt on the floor in front of his sub.
"Are you two quite done nattering over there?" Sherlock asked drolly. He had his sample tucked into his pocket and was ready to go.
"Don't you think I would have said something if I had?"
He was far too weak to make it to the door. His head pounded and the table he was braced on blurred and tilted around at crazy angles. He gripped the wood harder and tried to gain his balance. He couldn’t even estimate how much blood he’d lost or how much he still had to go before his body just gave up and died.
“Good. Jefferey’s dom is called Alicia Dunn. They were engaged to be married. She works at the same car dealer ship Jeff did.”
"Bake!"
“An interested party.”
John stood outside Moriarty's wide wooden suite doors. They were ostentatious and huge, inlaid with curls of gold. Thick too. Jim had lots of enemies he needed protection from. John was staring at the doors, trying to distract his mind, trying not to tremble. He'd taken the nasty meds to relax, prepared his body, and done everything he could. The guard who'd escorted him knocked and the door was hauled open. Jim stood there in a deep green dressing gown. He smiled at John.
“Hm?” John pressed. “If you say the word, I stop smacking you.” He twirled the paddle in his hand. “We’ll talk about it, this, us, and the rules we’ve agreed on. ”
"I said I'm fine!" He snapped.
“Anything?” Lestrade called after a few moments of Sherlock jumping around, scraping underneath the fingernails and examining the contents closely and checking things on his phone.
Sherlock was kneeling on the carpet between the two chairs, naked. His right hand was wrapped loosely around his leaking cock and his knees were spread wide. His lips were wrapped around what appeared to be a rather large pink dildo clutched tight in his right hand. His chin was shining with saliva and he slid the toy further into his mouth and held it a moment, jacking himself slowly and looking like he was trying very hard not to gag.
“Alright.” John snickered. “Do you want breakfast?”
Sherlock smiled softly and they got into the car. Sherlock stretched out on his belly on the long leather backseat since it was easier on his aching back and bum. Greg slipped into the driver's seat and slammed the door closed and eyed his charge. "Let's just go to mine. If you didn't look half dead I'd say we could pick up some clothes, but I'm sure I have something you can wear." Lestrade's flat was a twenty minute drive and they made the trip quickly. It was getting late and not many people were out.
It wasn't what Sherlock was expecting. He licked his dry lips.
“I’d like that.” John said. “How would you feel about me spending the night here?”
He handed her a few tea satchets filled with a spoonful of brown, dried herbs. "If that man had something, some disease, drinking this will keep you from catching it too. Honey helps, but it tastes like shite."
“I don’t need your sodding help!” Sherlock hissed, angry that his arm was hurting and angry that the bossy doctor’s tone was actually affecting him. He didn’t need to sub for anyone! He could take care of himself. That way, Seb and no one else would hurt him ever. No doubt John could see the effect this was having too, as Sherlock couldn’t even make eye contact. What John said next didn’t help matters any.
“Are you going to spank me?”
"Shit," John breathed, "I'm attached."
“Male for sure, judging by the height and shape of the body. Caucasian. Dark hair—just like our victim from a couple weeks ago.” He looked at Lestrade. “Any connection?”
"Oh, we got 'em both‒and the bloke from the stairs."
"Sherlock!"
“Oh yes, Captain.”
John took the empty glass and set it beside his own on the side table. He slipped under the covers and settled in the comfortable blankets. Sherlock scooted over and fastened himself to John’s side, hugging and holding and breathing warm breaths across his shoulder.
“What the hell?!” Seb shouted. He staggered, the blow almost bringing him to his knees.
"No."
"Yes." She said again. “It’s not all sex. I had a guest once just wanted me to unpack her things, keep her company. Another time I was assigned to a couple of guys, married. They let me hang out in their rooms, eat their food. I tidied after them. They were nice.” She licked her lips.
part of him sneered at the word as if it was filthy. But he also found he enjoyed it and he rolled around in the feeling like a dog in a pile of old socks.
“Are you both alright?” Mrs. Hudson asked. She looked a sight armed with a pan and spoon, her hair flying every which way out of her kerchief.
Still no verbal response. John dropped a bag in the water and went into the sitting room. Sherlock’s back was to the room and he was still kicking moodily at the furniture.
"Always the doctor." Paul sounded amused if anything.
“The point is,” Sherlock continued, “that Owen’s body is too recently dead, therefore, Ms. Olivier,” he waved his phone, “couldn’t have done it if she’s been in—” he glanced at the screen, “—New York for two months.”
"How could you possibly know I was in the highwaymen?"
“Are you in pain?” He asked. His voice was low so he wouldn’t disturb John. There was a smudge of blue-grey under his right eye. Sherlock blinked. It looked like a bruise.
John froze. “She does?”
He made a face and looked down again at the carefully placed gauze, softening a bit. Hm. Okay, so John had bandaged him up—not that Sherlock couldn’t have done it himself, thanks.
"Brilliant." She looked at the cover and flipped it open to read the summary.
There was a grumbling noise before he popped up‒his blue dressing gown falling off one shoulder‒ and stomped over to the table. "Good boy." She said as he dropped into the chair like a sack of potatoes. She didn't know if it was the threat or the cake that got him out of bed but she wasn't going to ask.
If Hibern was a vast web, then Chilgrave was the very center at which rested a poisonous, evil spider.
They made their good-byes and Mike left, leaving Sherlock and John in silence. The microscope was ready now, and Sherlock was looking at something green on a slide, making notes in a little black moleskine.
“Exactly. Dixon was on his own at one point and this footage appears to be the last video shot of him before he died.”
“Figure anything out?” John asked tentatively, eying Sherlock’s stack of scribbled pages.
“How have we not talked about this yet?” Sherlock asked.
He started walking to the kitchen, took two steps, and winced. Oh he was
Molly paused, then sat down beside him. "I'm sorry, John." She said. She sounded sincere. "This is a hard place to be. It's not something anyone should have to get used to. Jim, what he does…he puts criminals down here, people he finds, people he buys. We're forced to have sex with strangers or be killed. We don't get paid. Sometimes people here off themselves as a way out. The place is bad and the work is mostly bad, but some of the other concubines are actually kind of nice. Kate was a prostitute Jim took off the street. She's funny. She's traveled. Has lots of stories. Danny’s a big guy, quiet, but he can sing really well. Also, some of the guests, they’re not terrible. There’s a man who comes from Britannia that I see. He’s a guard. He’s sweet, and so handsome!" She actually giggled when she mentioned him before trailing off. and John scrubbed furiously at his eyes. He was
“Will you be safe there?” Williams asked, making a note on the chart. “No more murderers?”
“I’ll get you something…” To his surprise, Logan left the room. Sherlock looked around. A table and chairs were pushed to one wall. The fireplace in the corner. The curtains were drawn and clipped closed, ensuring no one on the outside could see in. He yanked at the restraints, but he was tied with rough knotted rope that was fastened to metal rings drilled into the walls. He wouldn’t slip out of this anytime soon.
“Nothing wrong with that.”
John would be back soon, so he boiled the water again to get it piping and made a fresh mug of tea. The door slammed downstairs and then feet on the steps. Sherlock held the mug out to him with his good arm as John breezed back through the door.
“Phew.” Sherlock smiled. “Saved by the alibi.”
They sat in silence for a moment, idling at the curb.
The next morning found Sherlock in a foul mood. The last thing he wanted to do was go on this stupid hunting trip with all the other stupid guests. Mycroft, the utter git, was making him do it.
“Death and decay is fascinating, you’re right. What else?”
a prince. It rather came with the territory. John got up and dragged himself to the massive bed where he collapsed in a heap. He moaned and rubbed his face on the soft down pillow. It was a far cry from his woven straw pallet and lumpy pillow in the herana. He stuck his feet under the fur blanket, luxuriating in the soft touch of it on his callused skin. This was the most comfortable he'd been since…he couldn't remember. Even his bed in his boyhood home hadn't felt like this. He closed his eyes, relishing the softness around him.
“Damn right.”
Both men froze. “Hoo-hoo. Boys?” Mrs. Hudson called from the other side of the door. “Are you decent?
Sherlock said nothing. John looked down at the back of his dark head and Sherlock grabbed his dom’s ankle. The position was awkward for him but gave John good access and a strong swing. If his sub wasn’t so tall he could keep his legs straight, but as it was he was balanced with his head down and his bum up.
the Michelin star restaurant so many of the dead subs enjoyed going to. “I’d like to make a reservation for tonight.” He said to the hostess. “Preferably for six o’clock, would that be possible…? Excellent. Thank you.”
"You'll get beaten." She said. "Brutally, by Jim's guards. If you keep  disobeying they'll kill you. I'm not bluffing." She looked him in the eye. "I've seen it happen many times. They’ll kill you and throw your body into the sea."
“Good.”
“A helpful tip, these doors cannot be unlocked from the inside. Not from back here.” The voice was smooth and familiar and completely unconcerned at his frantic tugging at the door and John sighed, thumping his fist on the window in defeat.
“Roll over, please, Sherlock.” He infused as much command as possible into the request and Sherlock nodded. He rolled, slowly, and sprawled belly-down on the cushion.
John blinked back tears and strode into the bedroom. He paced back and forth, breathing. His Defense had been intense and violent and the worst of it had passed at Coel’s. The cab ride home had given him more time to calm down. He rubbed the back of his neck. Dwelling on what could have happened wasn’t calming him down. Sherlock was unhurt and fine. But, now he needed to be punished. They had talked about this—rules and discipline. The paddle was in order, as far as he was concerned. He sighed. The paddle was awful, plain and simple. It hurt and it stung and it burned but that was rather the point. A few other ideas for punishment darted though his head. He wasn’t going to use the crop or the flogger. Sherlock had requested that he not use the cane. John didn’t care for it either, so that was off that table. He dismissed the other ideas. If they weren’t coming out of a rough patch, he would be giving him something tougher or longer than the paddling. He didn’t want to go too hard though. This had been dangerous as hell, yes, but he wouldn’t—couldn’t do more than the paddle. He still wasn’t done hating himself for that botched scene. That stupid fight had just exacerbated how badly he felt as well.
a favorite place of mine. I am a prisoner here, you remember, and being a concubine is my sentence. No, the herana is loud. People fight. There’s moments of peace, but…the concubines here, many of them are cold-hearted or cruel. It's not a good place."
Sherlock stared at him as he stood, one brow raised and a hint of a smile on his face.
“The Shotokan Tiger?” Sherlock nodded at his name tag. Callum looked up, bewildered, then glanced down at the tag as if Sherlock had pointed out a stain on his shirt.
“O-kay.” Sherlock licked his lips.
“Huh. You know, you’re not as tall as I’d thought….” Jenkins mused, looking at him. Sherlock grit his teeth and Lestrade jumped in.
“Why aren’t you eating?” He asked, glancing down at Sherlock’s plate.
Soon Mike was on the sofa with a fine China cup of tea in his hand, watching Sherlock pace frantically back and forth in front of the fireplace.
Mycroft stared at him, the light from the sunset making the one side of his face glow a faint red.
The small entranceway opened up into a large, wide round room with tall arched ceilings. A massive, crackling fireplace was in the center of the big room, though John couldn't feel the heat from where he stood. Surrounding the central fire were rows and rows of thin straw pallets. Sleeping rolls, he realized. He also noticed immediately that the thirty or so men and women milling about the grey, somber space were dressed in very little at all. The men wore white loincloths, covering their front and back but open up the thigh and hip. None of the men had tops on. The women wore identical loincloths and some flimsy tops to cover their breasts. Their midriffs were bare. Several people had bandages and sported bruises or scrapes. Everyone had gold loops pierced into their ears, gold bracelets on their wrists, and dark, thick necklaces at the base of their throats. A shiver danced down John's spine. People glanced up when he came in and he saw them nudge each other, nod to him, whisper back and forth. He pursed his lips and lifted his chin. He refused to appear weak.
"Thanks, Molly." John took it and pressed it between his cheeks. He was throbbing from neck to knee and he laid his head on his bitten arm.
"I can't believe this happened to you." John said. He stood in the doorway of the loo in 221B, staring at Sherlock, who was sitting on the closed toilet. He'd stripped to the waist and was gingerly dabbing at the blood running down his left elbow: courtesy of the most recent case.
"Thanks for the advice." He said in cold tone. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have other whore duties to attend to." John stomped off, miffed on Sherlock's behalf.
“Alright then.”
“Maybe we need to revisit it.”
“I know, it’s sore.” He said. “But after this, I’ll dry you off and put some nice lotion on your sore spots, how’s that sound?”
Sherlock groaned again but stretched his legs and rolled onto his belly. "There we go, it'll be cold." Lestrade placed the ice and Sherlock shifted, grunting at the temperature change. Greg threw the sage blanket over him. He hoped the ice packs wouldn't break in the night and get Sherlock and his mattress all wet. "Alright?" He asked.
“Not anymore.” John said. “Look at me.”
Jim's eyes widened, curious. "Really? Have I?" He giggled at John's impertinence. "How so?"
The next day, he and Sherlock stopped by the morgue so Sherlock could pick up a bile sample. John made sure to bring the extra copy of the book.
"What the hell happened last night?" John asked. "I told you not to do anything dangerous while I was away."
John slipped into the flat, thrilled to see the kettle boiled and steaming. He poured himself a quick cup of tea and as it steeped, he retreated to his room to change into dry things. A pair of sweatpants and a fleece top felt much better than his damp work trousers and vomit-y shirt. He slipped fleece slippers on his feet and sighed in pleasure. He hurried downstairs to get the tea before it got bittered by the bag. The fridge yielded leftover Angelo's he'd forgotten about and he heated it up before carrying it all into the sitting room. When John appeared, food and tea in hand, Sherlock launched into "Angels we have Heard on High." The tension bled out of John's shoulders as he ate the cheesy sausage ravioli and chased it with creamy tea that was just tolerably hot to drink. He sank deeper into the sofa and sighed, glad to be home.
“Certainly, dear.”
John grabbed the plug and twisted it and Sherlock squeaked around the gag, yelling out a muffled “ow!”
"I'm a detective." He said, raising his chin. "A consulting detective."
John came down the steps one chilly, snowy morning to find his flat mate pacing briskly between the sitting room and kitchen. He had a manic gleam in his eye and his hair was a mess. His red dressing gown was sliding off his shoulder as it flapped around his knees.
Vincent smiled indulgently and flicked his eyes to Sherlock’s collar. “Owen was a good boy. I bet you’re a good boy too.”
Sherlock growled when John flicked his tongue against his sensitive skin. He licked and nibbled his nipples and pinched his bum and Sherlock yelped. John rolled into a seated position on the bed and hauled his sub over to him, pushing him across his knee and peppering his bum with little spanks, getting him pink and pushing him closer to subspace.
“He’s upset?” Her voice was hushed and she squeezed his hand. “His hackles are up—is he in Defense?”
“Sally?” John said. “We’ll see you there?” He didn’t think it would be a good idea to put Sherlock and Donovan in the same car for any length of time. John would probably end up spending the evening thinking of inventive punishments to quell his rude remarks…not that it would be a bad way to spend some time.
“It’s because of you.” Sherlock hissed, arching up as John nibbled his other nipple. “I was never like this, John.”
“I’m fine.”
“I knew you two would get married someday.” She winked and sipped her wine.
"Yes, in fact." Sherlock followed his gaze, sounding amused. "Helps me think."
“Who tried to kill you?” Sherlock demanded from the foot of Jenkins’ bed.
"Take these five off, they're done." John pointed at the best looking ones. "May as well take off the er, other done ones as well."
“V-very.”
“Feel better?” He asked.
“Yes you do and we both know it.”
“What?” Sherlock peered up, defensiveness in every line of his body. “What about him?”
He turned onto a less busy street and headed for the park. People were going to work and he didn’t want to get in anyone’s way. Not like he had a job to go to. He walked past some benches that were along the side of the path, so intent on keeping balance that he didn’t notice the person sitting on one of them.
"You'll get used to them." She gave him a set of gold bracelets to wear that were identical to hers. She also gave him one of the dark necklaces. Up close John realized it wasn’t a necklace but a collar made of leather with a buckle on the back. It felt foreign and heavy on his throat. He closed his eyes. He was naked, decorated, and collared. Like a dog dancing on its hind legs for Jim’s amusement. He thought of his family, his mum and sister, his uncle long dead and his face burned, humiliated even though they weren’t here.
“Sherlock.” John snipped.
"Yes, your Highness, you rang the bell?" An attendant watched him expectantly, hands folded demurely in front.
“Give yourself some time, darling.” John put his hands on his hips. “Time to heal.”
John looked up, keeping his face neutrally polite.
"Not much, gonna watch a movie, have a drink, you know. Order dinner."
"Uh, Afghanistan. How…? Mike told you." He glanced at Mike.
“I have a case on, John!”
"It is!" John said, accusing. "What are you writing about us?"
"I had dalliances in my youth." Sherlock said. "Moments that lasted as long as a school semester or as short as a weekend before abruptly coming to an end."
Sherlock picked up a glass bottle and poured lavender grains of sand into his palm. He didn't like hearing about John's suffering. He'd asked, yes, but he didn’t like knowing that John was in such distress. It made
John nodded. “I understand.”
“Yep.” John said. “The one on the left is from an alcoholic and the one on the right is healthy—just removed in fact. Since it’s still technically living, I thought you might want to do some experiments.”
"He keeps saying, 'it hurts.'"
“Brilliant. My hero.” Sherlock smiled into the kiss. “We should tell him you’re in Defense every time he wants to come over—he’ll never stop by the flat again!” He looked delighted, like he’d just discovered his dom had superpowers. John laughed just as Dr. Williams, a sub, walked into the room.
“Like what?” Sherlock licked his lips.
Melissa came in behind him with some supplies, bidding them all a cheerful “good morning!” She pulled his chart out. “I’m just going to check your vitals, Mr. Holmes.”
"Feel better?"
"Well…so?"
The bright blue tarp stood out on the grey flat dock like a lighthouse in the night and the body lying on it was waterlogged and bloated beyond comprehension. Lestrade and Donovan looked a bit ill and even John hid a grimace before he approached the corpse. Sherlock, of course, was fine with it and crouched beside the decayed head and started examining like it was something he dealt with every morning. The boat’s crew was hanging back, murmuring to each other and not bothering to disguise their looks of disgust and horror.
In the morning, Sherlock rang for a servant and slipped a loose pair of trousers of up his legs. When the knock sounded on the door he told her in his most pompous voice that he was keeping John for the rest of the morning and would require him that night. She didn’t argue and Sherlock went back to bed. They had a long lie-in. They chatted and rang for breakfast, talking idly about youthful summers spent out fishing on the sea or long spells of boarding school getting drilled on maths and economics. Once in a while John noticed that, as she spoke, a sort of heated fond look came into Sherlock’s gaze. Instead of being wary, John returned it. Something warmed in the pit of his stomach when he looked at Sherlock that was hopeful and just a little bit lusty. There was definitely a ‘something’ between them. Never had John experienced anything like this with a guest, especially a royal guest. He wanted to examine it under Sherlock’s fancy microscope but he knew to examine it would be pointless. Like all guests, for better or worse, Sherlock would leave. John didn’t want to think too hard about that.
They stayed silent for the next ten minutes and Sherlock thought about that hated paddle and his sore bottom. The bed creaked. John came closer and Sherlock went still, hunching his shoulders. He half expected another blow across his bum, or to be grabbed and yanked out of the corner.
The coffee machine beeped and John found two Christmas mugs in the back of the cabinet. He poured coffee into the one with the green and gold fair isle pattern on it.  "Sherlock, you want some of this?" He called. He heard him mutter something about 'the physics of it all' before he sighed and poured the second cup. He added sugar to Sherlock's and milk for his own and turned around. Sherlock was now in the sitting room flipping manically through a book. John went up to him and stuck the second cup of coffee in his face. "Here. Got this at work, s'really good." Sherlock took it and John cradled his own mug and sipped. He closed his eyes. The rich flavor flooded his mouth and seemed to seep right into his very bones. It was exquisite. Sherlock stared helplessly into his own coffee, looking distressed.
“Somewhat.” Sherlock grumped.
He peeled his breeches off and unclasped the leather bracers. He slipped the broken arrow shaft free of his vest and set it aside for further inspection. He threw the rest of his clothes down, retrieved the shaft and arrow head , and went out into the bedroom. He grabbed a grey wool blanket off the bed and wrapped it around his bare body, shivering as he stepped up to the fire. He closed his eyes, taking a moment to enjoy the the heat chasing away the damp chill on his skin and curling his toes in the soft fur rug.
“Good.” He picked up the flogger and Sherlock eyed the new item. The leather cords were stiff and knotted on the ends and Sherlock wondered why John wasn’t using the crop. They both liked the crop, but something new was good too. John went behind him and Sherlock tensed up. This all was…not how they usually played. Sherlock had never been confined so succinctly, and he would have thought John would at least ask him before bringing in new items. To be honest, he wasn’t sure if he liked being suspended like this. The physical vulnerability of it was a little too exposing and he was finding that he didn’t like having his voice taken away.
“No promises.” He muttered. He turned to the sink to pour water and Sherlock let him go.
John decided that Betsy should meet Mrs. Hudson. They’d probably take to each other like ducks to water and swap recipes and cook.
“What are you doing?”
"You love this." Sherlock sub sat up gingerly on the vinyl table, the paper under him crinkling.
John shook his head. “It’s only going to get worse and then he’s going to get sick.”
“Good lad.” She patted his shoulder.
“I see why you prefer fucking a spanked arse.” He muttered. He swatted John’s hip to prove his point and he giggled into the blankets. “This is fantastic, John, I think I’m—oh!” His orgasm ripped through him, making his thighs and bum tingle as the pleasure fizzed through his groin. John came at the same time and the feeling of John’s body clenching around his cock was exquisite. He could definitely do this again. He pumped into John a few more times and stood there panting and smiling.
Sherlock started to stand, then paused as his knees creaked and his thighs cramped. John’s strong hand gripped his arm and Sherlock levered to his feet. He stood there for a moment as John rubbed his legs back to life and cupped the side of his face. “Alright, love?” His eyes were warm and Sherlock nodded. “C’mon.” John picked up the end of the length of leather and led him to the bedroom and pointed at the made bed. “On your back.”
Sherlock stripped out of the dark trousers and blue shirt, tossing them aside. John changed into pajamas and pulled the telly up on the shelf. Sherlock threw some kindling into the fireplace and got a little fire going and both men sank to the sofa with sighs of relief. Sherlock snuggled into John’s chest while the doctor flipped channels, dragging Mrs. Hudson’s blanket over both of them. To John’s delight, a Bond film was on. He remembered what he’d thought when him and Lestrade were looking for Sherlock in The Broads all those weeks ago. He closed his eyes, remembering how badly that day could have gone. How he would be sitting in this flat by himself in the cold and the dark, certainly not surrounded by gifts and warm firelight, his much loved sub and husband at his side.
…” John zoomed in on the photo. “What the hell is he doing…?”
contact him again!” His thumb banged the ‘end’ button and then he threw the phone at the chair—it missed the cushion and bounced under the desk—and threw himself onto the sofa, curling up and facing away from the room. John stood in the sudden silence and smiled humorlessly at Sherlock’s back.
“It was about two years.”
She smiled. "You're welcome." Both men walked into the room and John shut the door.
Mycroft’s voice was pierced with alarm
“I’m not sick, Logan.”
He hopped up to his feet and set the dildo on the mantle. “I purchased the variety of ropes.” He nodded at the coffee table. John was still laying there, processing ‘practicing’ with Sherlock.
John wasn't stupid enough to agree. He decided to change the subject lest he make his true feelings about Moriarty known. Heaven knows how the Prince had worked out how much he hated it here. It was possible Sherlock was a spy sent by Jim to see how he really felt. Royals were sneaky and conniving like that. John wasn't going to fall for it.
She closed her eyes.
He turned onto Baker Street, heading south. The traffic was moving so far, and long as nothing bad happened, he could—
“You love it.” John spread his cheeks and hummed. “You’re red.”
“What car?”
Frowning, John opened the towel and blinked at the three severed digits. He hastily wadded it back up and set it down where he had found it and took a couple sheets of paper towel instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What happened to your eye?" Mycroft said, ignoring the general rudeness of him.
“And for God’s sake, wash your hands when we get home and wear gloves when you deal with that thing.” John threw the coffees into a nearby bin, grabbed him by the arm, and dragged him back to the flat.
John took a deep shuddering breath and dropped the leash. He went back into the flat. Mrs. Hudson sighed and shook her head, following him inside. Sherlock bit his lip. He had no idea what was going through his doctor’s mind.
“That was delightful, love.”
The clatter of metal on metal woke John up one cloudy Saturday morning. He glanced at the clock. Half seven. He closed his eyes. The clatter had come from downstairs and John hoped Sherlock wasn't beginning some elaborate, stinky experiment. He wrinkled his nose. It smelled faintly of alcohol.
Mike stopped by his office briefly before they wandered down a hallway where a lone figure was leaning against the wall next to a door marked ‘LAB 1’. John perked up instantly when he saw who it was.
“Would you have left?” Sherlock asked.
“Oh you two!” She gushed. Her arms were laden with a wicker basket containing piles of their clean laundry.
"He's gonna kill me, Molly." John said once the assignments were all read off.
“Er, ah, thanks. Would you like breakfast?” John pointed at the empty pan.
John wrapped his arms around him and kissed his head where he could reach and they rested there in silence. Sherlock stared at a patch of skin on John’s neck and idly petted his dom’s ribs and hips. He was loved. He’d never been loved before—not by someone he wasn’t related to.
"I got punched."
John paid the cab driver and got out of the car in front of Lestrade's building, setting his suitcase on the pavement and striding inside, pulling the case along behind with one hand while with the other he dashed out a text on his phone:
“I’ll do it.” John said. If not to help Sherlock, then to help Mike he would do it. And if he was being honest, there was a little sadistic part of him that wanted to see the arrogant sub humbled in a jail cell. The look on his face when he saw John was the one bailing him would probably be priceless.
"John." She said. "Come with me. I'll get you settled in." She took his freezing hand in her warm one and lead him back to the little alcove with the brazier. He watched her reach into a chest and pull out a white loincloth. Her long hair was pulled into a ponytail and tied with a cheerful yellow ribbon. Her feet were bare.
“Mike—can you let yourself out?” Sherlock slid his coat on. “This is going to be fantastic—not like that boring dead dom case from this morning.”
“I’m conducting an experiment where I put slices of liver tissue up to varying heat sources to see how long it takes each one to melt—would you like to help me collect the viscous fluid?”
“John!” Sherlock hugged him. “Oh, living tissue! It’s Christmas!”
"Healer." He said.
John's yawn was so mighty that his jaw cracked. "M’sorry, I want to  stay and try to help but I'm so tired. You should dismiss me."
"What?!" Sherlock blurted. He laughed and his deep voice echoed in the silent hallway. "A
John could push back pretty damn hard.
“This was his cabin. He got sick. He put me in his will.” Logan held a knife up to the light, admiring the thin edge. “I was supposed to get it. Everything he had, really,” Logan chuckled, “until his family heard.” He put that knife down and selected a different one and held it up. It was serrated and the sight of those little steel teeth bounced Sherlock’s brain into higher gear.
"No cake?" He said, eying the tray devoid of dessert.
Sherlock really likes his riding crop.
“I think a bit. Not much.”
He’d gotten out of bed around five and spent most of the morning trying to ignore the urge. He was domming Sherlock for fuck’s sake. There was no way he could sub for anyone. Sure there were clinics and offices where that service was offered, but he didn’t want to. How could he go to some cold office when his sub was here, warm and alive? He didn’t want to indulge that way. He could just take an Equivo but it wouldn’t be the same. Manufactured doses of measured chemistry weren’t the same as the real, pure thing. He sighed quietly. He was spoiled. He was so used to domming Sherlock and the easy way between them that the thought of taking a pill to indulge his other side was depressing and boring. He wanted to kneel down and nuzzle his face into someone’s palm and not make any decisions.
"I hope so." Mycroft said without waiting for a response. "Because you’re not going back to the Barrens for a long, long time."
"Good." Sherlock slipped his hand into John's and smoothed his thumb up and down over the back of his palm. He slid his hand down to John’s wrist, pressed a fingertip into his pulse. "You're nervous." Sherlock's voice was soft.
“I haven’t named a figure.”
“No.” Sherlock said firmly. His face was pale with alarm and sleep-worn. He looked okay, just scared. “You didn’t hurt me at all.”
This sparked more interest, and the other man looked up at Alicia’s name. “You mean Jazz?”
“I know that was harsh, love, but you really freaked us all out. Just relax now. You’re safe and you’re mine. I’ll take care of you…sh…” John murmured more sweet things and eventually the tears slowed and stopped. Sherlock turned his face up, resting his cheek on John’s chest. He breathed deep, taking a moment to bask in all his dom’s attention. “I have cream when you’re ready.” John stroked some hair away from his forehead.
“I’m fine. What’ll happen to Logan?” He asked Lestrade.
“Being nice won’t make someone more competent.” Sherlock snapped the phone closed. John took it back, miffed again at Sherlock’s rude behavior.
“Come
Sherlock grinned. “I know a little bit about massage.”
John bristled. “Alright, then, what do you know about Seb?” It occurred to John then that for all he knew, this man could be Seb himself.
“I didn’t think you were, love.”
Sherlock humped and humped.
Sherlock was apparently still interested in shopping tonight.
“It won’t happen!” Sherlock howled. “Ulgh.” He sank to the sofa and gripped the sides of his head. “This is so asinine—this is just what Sebastian used to do. He’d try to refuse me cases too—I’m done with that, John. I’m done with doms trying to control my life.”
“Let’s go down to Speedy’s. I can’t be arsed to cook.”
“Sorry, Greg.” Was the first thing John said. He looked away. “I was an arse to you before.”
“You’re very welcome, dear. Are you healing up alright?”
have been Sherlock’s limbs on that tarp, but it wasn’t. His sub was safe beside him, pulling his suit coat over his shoulders. “There’s only so many routes he could have taken that start at the pub and use that street to get him home.”
"Can you undress, love?" John asked. "You can leave the sweats, but the shirt needs to come off." He pulled a gown out of a drawer and placed it on the counter. He stared at the lit up touch screen as Sherlock rustled behind him, removing his shirt. John swung the machine's arm down and adjusted the angle of the panel. Sherlock crept up to him, gown wrapped tight, and John gave him a tight smile.
They were seated in a corner and Sherlock sat so he was facing the room and able to take in details. He dismissed all the women, as Jenkins had said the killer was male. He also dismissed any men with a collar on since that would indicate submissives. That left four people that he could see. One of the waiters on the other side of the room was tall, male, and broad-shouldered. Hm. Sherlock watched him take a group’s order and walk back to the kitchen. He was a possibility.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock said. “John does not abuse me. Do you really think I would have taken his collar if he did? Would I have asked him to move in? Would I take him to a crime scene?” There wasn’t anything malicious or accusing in Sherlock’s tone. He was just trying to get Lestrade to believe him. “Seb was never comfortable with me being an unofficial colleague of Scotland Yard.”
"Great! I'm reading too, so if we miss bits or don't finish, we can fill each other in.
would scare off any sensible dom and he was probably right. Mummy was upset her boys weren’t married, but she would never say anything of course.
“Good, good. Hello again, Sherlock.”
"I have to go‒really." John broke away, anguished, and turned for the door, hurrying out of the room before it really was too late.
“No way. This sofa is way too small for a lanky genius like you. You’ll wake up with a crooked back.”
“We can look for something that’s not a play collar.” John said. “A more permanent option. If you, you know, want that.” John looked down at the plate, examining a chip in the glass.
Sherlock opened his eyes. The room was pitch black and quiet. The rain had stopped. Judging by John’s steady breathing beside him, he was still asleep. The doctor’s arm was around his shoulders, strong and protective, and Sherlock glanced up at his face and saw nothing but dark and the faint outline of his hair in the very dim light coming from down the hall. Carefully, he pulled away from John, easing his arm to the mattress. He tiptoed to his wardrobe and pulled a dressing gown off the hanger. He wrapped it around his nude body, shivering when the cool silk-cotton settled on his skin. He slipped out of the room on silent feet and closed the door behind, relaxing only once he was in the hall. He’d had lots of practice extracting himself from a dom’s bed. Seb often dragged him to sleep with him, only for Sherlock to slink off later and head for the corner of the kitchen where he kept his experiments. Seb hated him experimenting, and the dead of night was the perfect time to tend them without the man’s rude commentary.
Sherlock opened his eyes in the late afternoon, the light pale and soft on the curtains closed over his windows. His body
“Go away y’prat.” He mumbled.
bad yet.”
She shook her head at John. "Oh, he's not one to hold his liquor." She took the mugs back. "Glad he covered the furniture though. It would be a nightmare to get all the soot out of the sofa seams." She went down the steps. John hoped she'd be careful. She did love Christmas so. He'd check on her later and put her in the recovery position if necessary. For now, he was going to take advantage of the early hour and a well-occupied Sherlock to get some Christmas shopping done.
"Are you excited to see him again?" She asked.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if you were—given how monumentally stupid that was! And you can thank the stars you’re not, otherwise I’d be sobering you up right good.”
John’s eyes widened in horror. Sherlock hurried to explain himself. He didn’t like John looking like that. “If I recall, she walked away mostly unharmed. She agreed to be my subject.” He added. “I got my data and I did in fact, suggest remedies for the lingering, er, soreness.”
John hummed in his throat and idly trailed a finger up his sub’s bare thigh.
"Make it thirty." Sherlock said.
John was doing so well during the course of his shift the next Tuesday, not thinking of Sherlock at all until his last patient came in, a dom woman with the surname ‘Holmes.’ She’d been feeling peaky for a few weeks and when John asked her when she’d last dommed, she’d startled and told him she hadn’t for a couple months. He had sighed to himself and launched into his lecture about the importance of the ‘DS chemical cocktail’ (as he termed it) that dominants and submissives needed regularly in order to be at their healthiest.
The boys recover from the Sebastian scare. Another victim is found in the serial killer case and this one is a little different.
“What?” John said. “What does that say?”
“Get off!” John ordered.
A rasp of fabric made him lift his head some time later. Someone else was in here? He looked up, squinting in the dim firelight of the bedroom. A figure was coming towards him. Wildly he wondered if he’d died and this was some being come to collect him. The figure moved in front of the firelight and he realized with a startle that it was a girl. She couldn’t have been more than nine years of age. John watched as she approached him, eying him nervously. Her dress was a deep dark green, not unlike the green cloaks Jim favored. Her pale skin seemed to glow in the darkness. Her hair was a deep rich brown and her eyes—John swallowed. Those were Jim’s eyes, minus the cruelty and manic gleam.
“That was me.” He said apologetically. “I don’t mean to cause trouble at such a nice restaurant, but some of these foods are just too much for me.”
“Oh? Where?”
"You want to keep the ornament?" John stepped out of the bathroom.
“Kneel up.” John said. Sherlock did, straightening. Everything was still fuzzy and hazy and he blinked slowly as John uncuffed him. It was dark outside, and the fire had burned down to little dancing crackles.
John smirked. “Deal. Here.” He handed him the pills and water. Mrs. Hudson was a sub anyway. Not a threat. Sherlock went into the sitting room, his posture tight and tense as he eased into the chair at the desk and opened his laptop. He’d put a note up on his website stating that he’d been injured on an investigation and that everything was on hold until further notice. He didn’t want a stranger coming to the door while John was like this. The sheet slipped off a bare shoulder, revealing the scabbing brutal dark cuts on his fair skin. The doctor wandered into the room with a bowl of reheated ravioli that looked fantastic and smelled like heaven. “I’m fine.” He said to John’s unspoken concerns. “If I get tired, back to bed with me.”
“No—no I won’t sit down. Jenkins can give us answers.” He stopped pacing and clenched his fists. “This case is driving me mad—I want
“Thanks, love.” John said.
He finished his bath and put a heavy robe on. He went bare footed to the other room and stood by the fire, examining the arrow again. It was almost certainly poisoned. Any common resin could be mixed with a deadly plant extract or snake venom. He knew of exotic poisons as well from the tropical climes. Frogs that seeped poison from their skin and massive insects with deadly stingers, not to mention the myriad things in the oceans that could end a life. There was no shortage of poisons and Sherlock was certain that someone really determined could get their hands on anything. Given the commonality of the rest of the arrow he was going to reasonably assume that the poison was local as well. Something from a plant maybe. He didn't know of any venomous creatures in Hibern (but if they did exist he was going to take a pair home and breed them). Sherlock was plenty familiar with Britannia's flora. He knew what poisons could be made from what and which things were safe, but Hibern's plants were unfamiliar territory. He needed to ask someone who was a Hibern native. Someone who knew about plants and herbs. He didn't trust anyone Moriarty employed here any further than he could throw them. There was, however, someone who came to mind.
“On the fridge.” Sherlock winced and unbuttoned his shirt cuff and rolled the sleeve up his arm, peeling it away from the blood. His pride was telling him to throw this pushy dom out of his flat and out of his life, but his arm was suggesting he let the doctor stay and help. His arm was winning by a mile. John grabbed the kit down and wiped his sleeve over the dust that had accumulated on the plastic box. He found a towel folded on the counter and took a clean bowl from the dish drainer, filling it with warm water.
“I’m fine.”
"Where's Sherlock?" Lestrade asked some time later. John, warm and full of food, hadn't noticed the detective slip off. "Could be in the loo." John said. Privately he thought Sherlock might have gone home. At that moment, Dimmock and Sally came back into the room.
Sherlock was only half paying attention to them and his food. He’d set his alarm to go off any moment, then he’d pop over to Coel’s, talk with him, then get back here before John left for the evening. They were nearing the end of the meal and Sherlock knew they would want to sit around and chat afterwards.
"You had…trysts with both?"
He fell onto his arse,
“When did he die?”
“No.” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s solid body and sighed. “I’m beginning to see that.”
"Yes." John turned to him. "I want to get your collar on you." He stepped closer and gave him a kiss on the stubbly jaw. He ran his arm up and down Sherlock's and licked his lips. "Get your leash on you. Remind you of who you belong to."
“I can drink to that.”
His ears went pink and he looked down, picking at a thread on his apron. "You, you think so?"
“No you’re not, you’re trying to stick your giant nose into my business.”
He found his phone in his clothes, heaped on the floor by the sofa where John had undressed him. 3:06 am. He made himself a cup of tea and ambled over to the desk, opening his Mac and and bringing up the file he’d been keeping since he’d started subbing for Seb. In cretinous terms, it was a journal. Several megabytes containing data, hypotheses, results, experiments and the like all pertaining to his time actively spent as a sub. Documents delineating the chemical formulas of oxytocin and serotonin and articles on pleasure-pain response were in one section, experiments and blood sample results describing how much his hormone levels fluctuated in response to Seb’s ministrations were in another, along with graphs showing average hormonal response in subs of both genders and of various ethnicities and ages. Charts and graphs were in another folder, and his own personal observation journal was in the last one. Sherlock opened this and sipped his sweetened tea. He began typing.
“Oh, Jo—S, sir!”
“Yeah, we’re trying that new Indian place up the way.” John said, waving the leaflet.
Sherlock sniffed and looked away. “That was for an experiment. I needed to measure the rate of bruising.”
“Because I’m your dom.”
Sherlock went utterly still at the horribly familiar voice. He shivered, a tide of memories drowning the happy feeling away.
Sherlock stepped forward a few inches, then a few more. He shuffled forward and then howled in frustration. John stood there watching him, unmoved.
Sherlock hummed to himself and turned away, crossing his arms. Anyone would think he'd been shouted at.
"Accident?" He looked back at Sherlock. The Prince was watching him.
"It's not uncommon for arrows to be poisoned.” John said, thinking aloud moreso than imparting new information. "There's loads of things that can be used as poison: milkweed, oleander, mulberry, monkshood." He shrugged. "That's just a few. There's also animal poison, but I'm less familiar. Snake venom, spiders, sea creatures, I've heard too. See here how the color is blotchy?" He held it out to Sherlock, who nodded patiently. "I've seen this a thousand times. These darker blotches are stain from the poison, whatever it is. Impossible to tell now." John said. He set the arrow head down and removed the glove.
John’s mind raced. Moran was possibly the worst person he could run into other than Jim himself. Moran was close to the King, a friend, advisor, and general toady.
“Do you want me to blow you?”
Three days after seeing John off to the airport, Sherlock had located Deandra Gerin-Lajoie. That she was caught up in this kind of thievery nonsense was something of a pleasant surprise and bumped the case from a rather dull 4 to a satisfying 6. He wanted to make absolutely sure this thief
Mrs. Hudson tutted. "Really!" She glared towards Sherlock's rooms. "I'll have to give that young man a talking-to when he's finished with the Swiss."
“Mrs. Hudson is a saint.” John said through a mouthful of pancake. “Pushing aside the fact that our landlady just saw our sex toys in the sitting room. That’s excellent.”
"Shush!" John glared at him and handed a present to a little boy with a smile. "Happy Christmas!" He said.
“I’ll be home at five.”
Finally John grabbed the purple flat soft fabric and wound it around his thighs and calves, wedging it under his shins and effectively tying his sub’s legs to themselves and ensuring he was trapped in a kneeling position. Satisfied, he leaned back against the headboard and admired his beautiful yet
John’s phone chimed again.
He stared at her, stony-faced, and kept "playing."
“Oh—oh God, John.” Sherlock humped his hips forward as well as he could while bound and tied. “That’s, that’s…”
A nod. “I understand if you want me to leave.”
"You don't need to be, Molly." He said, giving her one of his not-there smiles. "It'll get better."
The cold winter air was brisk and refreshing after being stuffed into the conference room all morning with its window that didn't open. The air seared the lungs and fresh, soft flakes of snow were drifting out of the milky-grey sky. They went to a deli up the road that the officers often frequented (the management gave coppers a 20% discount) and tore into toasted sandwiches and bowls of hearty soup. John glanced around the table as they ate, noting that everyone was enjoying themselves. No one (Sherlock) was being rude or snarky, and no one (also Sherlock) was glowering in the corner like some great bat. He and Sally traded good-natured insults and John and Greg talked about football. On the way back to the office they decided to cut through a little park. John, feeling impish, hung back from the group and gathered a ball of snow in his gloved hands. Sherlock glanced back, saw what he was up to, and grinned. John lobbed the snowball at Lestrade's back, prompting a loud "Oye!" He spun around and saw John's naughty grin.
“Tea would be nice.” John looked at Sherlock. He stood up and unclipped the leash from his collar. John rolled it up and put it in his pocket. “Greg?” He asked.
John relented easily, enjoying the hot spray on his sore muscles.
Her tone made it sound like Buck had started plenty of fights in here and had simply received what they had coming to them. No one was going to their aid. John accepted the compress and pressed it onto his arm, wondering just how bad this was all going to get.
Sherlock was quiet, trying to figure out how he lost three days.
Mike closed his office door and laughed, shaking his head. Prince Holmes was in love. He never thought he'd see the day.
“Alright, come on.” They stepped out of the tub and John dried them both briskly. Already the color on his back was starting to fade. “I have some lotion in my jacket.” He slung the wet towels over the rack. “Can you get it for me?”
“Alright.” John patted his thigh. “Let’s go. You can help me.”
“No.” Sherlock buried his face in his chest and clung tighter if possible.
“Nothing. Nevermind.” Sherlock went to stand up—
Sherlock sat and watched John reach for a pair of gloves.
John dropped his phone on the side table and missed. It bounced onto the floor with a loud
“How long will you be?” Mike asked.
"Actually you told me not to blow the flat up or gas myself." Sherlock corrected. He forced down a smile, pleased at his own perceptive sense of timing.
"Yes you did, genius. Congratulations." John glanced past Sherlock's shoulder. Mary was standing there, mouth agape. Paul was smiling with pride, clearly trying not to laugh. John distinctly heard Molly say to Greg, "I told you so!"
This made them laugh harder. John rubbed the back of his neck, feeling awkward for having been shouted at by the officer.
“I would see Owen now and then.” Vincent said. “He had school and I work pretty grueling hours in the city. I would have gone to his graduation. He was due to graduate soon, yes?”
“Sherlock Holmes.” His face lit up at the voice on the other end. “Where, Lestrade?” More talking, then, “be right there.”
“Yes.” Greg was smiling. “Excellent. Asleep? Ah…”
“Problem?” Sherlock looked at him in concern.
Seb responded lightly. It sounded forced even to John’s ears.
“Yeah well, then I done it—”
Molly got on the bus and saw them sitting beside each other. Sherlock was laughing. She glanced around and saw Greg sitting by himself a few seats in front of them, looking out the window. She plopped down beside him.
“Ulgh, John!” Jim’s stood over him. “You got blood on me!” Jim hissed in disgust and  used the white loincloth to wipe himself off. He patted John’s bum and walked away, whistling merrily. John heard him moving around in the other room and he laid there, aching, bleeding, and raw. He allowed himself a few moments to cry silently into the carpet before he lifted his head. The chain at his throat clinked and he saw that he was chained to the bed leg. He curled onto his side. His hips were throbbing. He arse was aching. His arm was sore from where he’d bit it and his face was burning and stinging from the punches. He took a few deep breaths and willed himself to calm down. In and out, in and out. Just keep breathing. As long as he was breathing, he would be fine.
“There’s not much that does that.” John mumbled into the cup.
He left the alcove, taking care as ever to peek out into the narrow corridor before sneaking out. All clear. He went back to his pallet. If Jim had ordered this one person’s death, who else had he killed? Rather, who had his ‘hired hound’ killed for him? It was one thing for Jim to kill his own people indiscriminately. He held the highest rank in Hibern. There was no one to take him to task. It was quite another thing to be ordering the murder of foreign nobles. Surely even a king couldn’t do that? He laid uneasily on his pallet before a fitful sleep took him. His dreams were full of blood and knives.
He’d wandered London that evening, even going up to his favorite bolt-hole behind Big Ben’s face. It was chilly up there but the view was unparalleled. It was a good place to sit and think and smoke. He’d gone back to the flat during the small hours and crashed on the sofa.
Moriarty traveled with a heavy guard and Mycroft could see why. His people hated him. No wonder groups like the highwaymen had sprouted up.
Seconds later, John was walking into the room. He smiled at his sub and grabbed the cream off the side table. “Hey.” He sat on the bed.
enveloped him. He walked faster, turning out of the prison compound and striding off to the main road to catch a taxi back to his hotel. As far as he was concerned, Mr. Berwick dug his own grave with every stab of the knife. The evidence was obviously conclusive, given that the man was in prison, and Sherlock gave it no more thought. London was his agenda now, and he was sure he could be back at 221 and at his dom’s feet by tea time. He raised a gloved hand and hailed a cab.
Sherlock licked his lips. Of course he wanted it to stop, but John thought he deserved this. John had decided he deserved the paddle for going to Coel’s. No, John was his dom and he would take what his dom handed out.
Sherlock and John enjoy each other's company, and John confesses a past mistake.
They nearly tripped over themselves and each other as they ran to the bedroom to find clothes. Sherlock opened the wardrobe and John found the box containing the outfit he’d thought of and grinned, closing it back up. He didn’t want Sherlock to see yet.
“Well,” now it was John’s turn to look away. He licked his lips and felt a blush creeping up his face. He smiled. He had just come down his sub’s throat but
Several hours later, when the fire had burned lower and the sun had fully set, Sherlock glanced up. "You're still here."
“Excellent. That’s really great, John.” More notes scribbled down. “How did you meet?”
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded. “There’s no point in doing it if we don’t mutually benefit.”
John bit his shoulder, then pulled off and kissed the stinging spot. He stood up. “Stand.” He smacked his sub’s bum and Sherlock got to his feet.
John propped his knee up on the bed and kissed him and Sherlock hummed happily, pulling him closer and rubbing his hands up and down his waist. John held the sides of his neck and Sherlock was just starting to slide his hand down his dom’s waistband—
"Hungry?" John asked.
“May I make a suggestion?” Nina asked.
"No, John, stay. He's been out for hours already. Let him sleep as long as he needs."
Sherlock slid his eyes to John, giving him a look that screamed, ‘get serious.’ “I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. A dominant then, no surprise there. Your face is tanned, but no tan above the wrists - you've been abroad but not sunbathing. The limp's really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand, like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That suggests the original circumstances of the injury were probably traumatic - wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan - Afghanistan or Iraq.”
"Mistletoe." Sherlock said. "Extraordinary little plant. Several of my colleagues overseas are experimenting with its restorative properties. The berries and leaves can, possibly, be used to treat a variety of illnesses‒seizures, headaches, dizziness, piles, gout, and the common cold. I'm trying to convince Mike to give it out to his patients but he doesn't trust it. Yet."
“That won’t help.” Sherlock told him firmly. “We both know it won’t. You’ve taken care of me plenty of times. Why won’t you let me return the favor?”
John hid a giggle. This was getting ridiculous. "Baker Street."
“Stuck?” Sherlock’s voice was tinged with amusement.
“Good idea, Captain.” ‘Sofa’ had become code for, ‘let’s snog each other stupid’ and Sherlock grinned and they crushed their lips together in a heated kiss, hands groping over each other’s backs and thighs and bums and crotches, managing to stumble into the sitting room.
“Do you want to get up?”
“Yes.”
“Fallen arches.” John murmured.
"Got a bit muddied." He said through grit teeth.
All too soon they were standing outside his building, lingering hand in hand on the pavement.
. Remember that. Every couple rows, but there’s nothing wrong with cooling off and then talking about it later over a cuppa when you’re both more rational, hm?”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock made a shooing motion with his hand, “go out, I’ll be there in a moment.”
“Sure thing.” John walked outside and Sherlock pivoted on his heel, heading back into the restaurant. He headed for the loo, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man. The path to the toilets was discreetly marked and lead Sherlock down a winding hall, past a fire escape door, and into the men’s. Jenkins had given them very little description to go on, but based on his own observations, Chef Logan was a prime candidate. It was very possible the killer wasn’t working tonight or wasn’t even at this restaurant, but he wouldn’t know that without trying.
His dom side screamed.
“Get in the corner.” He pointed at the spot behind the red armchair. “Fifteen minutes.”
“Oh…” the first guy thought for a moment, and pulled off his hat, rubbing his fingers through his hair. “‘bout three days or so?”
Sherlock sighed and sank to the cot as he strode away. John. Mike’s hot blonde friend who he had an aching crush on despite his swearing off doms forever. Dammit.
He finally managed to not fidget or moan for the next whole six minutes and John stood up from his computer and stood beside him. “Time’s up.”
“Yes, sir.” He said.
Sherlock smiled. “Delicious.”
“Leave it for tomorrow.” Sherlock told him, closing the pocket doors so they wouldn’t have to see it.
“John, please!”
"Good riddance." She muttered. "That blasted Lord Moran is getting on every one of my nerves. He has a, what's the English word?
“Rough day, mate?” He asked, sipping.
"I could manage private events. Maybe wedding favors or cakes. I give what I make now to the homeless or neighbors. Whoever wants it."
Just then, Greg’s phone started ringing. He picked it up, muttering a gruff, “Lestrade,” into the receiver. “Yes…yes….really?” He jotted notes and Sherlock craned his neck to try and see over the mess.
“Mrs. Hudson!” John took the basket from her, mildly indignant. “You don’t need to do our washing. Right Sherlock?”
“Male, I’d say, though it’s difficult to tell with half the body missing the way it is…” He looked at John and the doctor nodded, picking up the deductions.
John sniffed. "We all hated Jim. That's what brought us together."
The tall stranger in front of him glanced back, meeting John's eye.
For anyone who reads my Experiment series, I do have plans for another installment on that. It should be up at some point after I finish posting this fic.
“Fine. That lotion you put on this morning helped.” He rolled his shoulders slowly. They were tender against his cotton Tshirt, but it felt
“Really what?”
“Did he
"John, you know such drivel tires me."
Sherlock thought for a moment. "Did you mix the yeast with warm water?"
John grabbed for his phone on the side table. “We don’t have time.” He muttered at the screen.
Sherlock nodded.
“As a sub?” He asked.
He also couldn’t help but wonder if one day his stack of clothing would ever match the height of Sherlock’s in the basket. Would his sub want him to bring more of his items around? Right now he had a couple shirt, pants, pajama bottoms, an undershirt and a toothbrush at B. Given how much time they spent together, leaving more things around 221 made sense. Though last night for the first time the pajamas hadn’t been necessary.
"Get set!"
“The knots are so damn strong…” John was getting nowhere fast. “I have to get up. I can’t see what I’m doing.”
Sherlock arched up, hissing in pleasure. It felt good more than it hurt and Sherlock smiled as John scolded him.
“Go to my box.” John said. He knew if he got on the floor himself, his muscles would seize and he’d never make it back up. Sherlock pulled out the wooden box and opened it up.
Donovan assured him she had the scene in hand and Greg turned all his attention to Sherlock, standing moodily by the car. "Where's Dee?" He asked.
“Hey,” he caught John’s eye. “I’m okay. Sore and pissed off at you, but okay.”
“—but, any experiments you do have to be done
“More, John.” Sherlock rubbed his own cock furiously and John swatted his hands away, taking over.
John was staring at her, a green stem and leaves frozen in his hands. "What? What do you mean follow after Sherlock? What happ‒what's going on?"
“Sergeant Donovan.” Sherlock greeted, his voice honey and bile. He ducked under the tape she lifted for him.
“He was slit across the throat.” Molly pointed at the crusty laceration by his neck, “but that’s not what killed him.”
He hadn’t needed to take the Equivo during their time together, so he must have been getting what he needed through his dominant role in the relationship. Now, the presence of the new bottle of meds lead him to believe that John must need to submit. Sherlock frowned in thought.
“Some. Though the amnesiac effects of the drug worked well. The killer’s getting smarter.” Sherlock said. “What about the blood?”
Sherlock popped his fur-lined coat collar to keep the chill of his neck. He turned on his heel and headed for the
“Sherlock! Hello. You’re probably here for Jenkins’ tox screen, yes? Let me grab it.”
"It's magic." John breathed.
"Did you have children?"
"Ah, I see that you do. Pleased to make your acquaintance. I'm certain you and the King are going to get along just wonderfully." He smiled, evil and sharky, and snapped his fingers. His men hustled. They bound and gagged each member of John's little crew and tethered them all, chaining them to the back of  the carriage. They would walk. Moran's men mounted the highwaymen horses, intent on riding alongside the carriage. John, to his surprise, wasn't tied to the carriage with his crew. Instead he was made to sit inside, beside Moran. His hands were shackled uselessly and a piece of stinking cloth was wrapped tight between his lips and knotted behind his head. There was little he could do to fight back and yet Moran still kept a gun trained on him.
Dixon’s limbs had been found, badly hacked. No traces of any kind of toxin were found and his dom, Alicia, had been distraught. Owen Allsopp had a couple of wealthy dominants who liked to spoil him. Soil from The Broads was found in his pockets, suggesting that the killer may have dumped the body in the river. The murderer had used way too much Flunitrazepam on Owen, so much so that it may have killed him. Vincent Coel, Owen’s dominant, hadn’t been too upset by his sub’s death. He was also a horny bastard. Jenkins remembered the strange clothes, the garlic and onion scents. He’d been found wandering along the side of the road in Ferndale. Searches of the area hadn’t yielded anything since Jenkins didn’t know where he’d escaped from. He’d lost a great deal of blood and had been nearly hacked to bits, given all the bandages on his body in hospital. His fast metabolism likely saved him.
“Want to go again?” John suggested, glancing at the lube and crop. They were both shoveling the food like it would disappear and Sherlock put his empty plate down.
“How?”
He snapped at himself.
“What?” Sherlock snapped, eying the tiled floor. John took a fast breath and decided in a split-second to take the plunge.
“How’s your blog going?”
“Can you open up? I just, you can be alone, I just want to see that you’re okay.”
“Yes.” He rolled his shoulders and John kissed his forehead. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and sat there a moment, re-acquainting his muscles with normal movement. It had been an age since he’d been in bondage and even when he tied himself up, it was never this effective.
“Yes. You’ll get used to it. On your knees, right here.” He pushed Sherlock to his knees in front of him and then grabbed the crop. He scooted up to the very edge of the chair and spread his legs. “Suck me.”
Sherlock dragged his head up and stared dolefully at Mike. His eyes were pink and bloodshot and he looked weary with exhaustion. He'd been crying.
"It's a horrible, horrible
“No one threatening will come—” Sherlock stopped speaking, listening to the faint tread of footsteps on the stairs.
She made a face. "The guy's dick was all red at the top. Oozing like, and looked like a couple spots. His cock was real small, too. 'Bout the size of his brain."
“Good.” John kissed the crook of his elbow and Sherlock froze. His lips, soft and hot and damp from the drink warmed the sensitive skin there. If John noticed any of the old cocaine scars under his lips, he said nothing. Sherlock tilted his glass and gulped the rest down, flaming in his esophagus. His brain spun. John kissed him. So? He kissed him on the arm—on his sore spot. It meant nothing. A nursery-rhyme ministration of ‘kissing it better.’ It was token, nothing more. Nothing at all. They were just getting tipsy and that was that. Another soft kiss was pressed to the side of his mouth and Sherlock’s eyes widened, his carefully piled thoughts scattering as if they had been kicked by a rambunctious two year old. He blinked and slid his gaze to John. The doctor’s dark blue eyes were bright in the firelight, focused on him, waiting for a reaction. Sherlock scrambled to gather his strewn thoughts.
“You’re huge!” Sherlock complained with a smile. He lifted his feet and curled his toes. “My arse feels like it’s going to explode.”
Sherlock winced.
“Come to bed?” Sherlock asked, holding out his hand. He set the mug aside. John eagerly took his hand and followed him to the bedroom.
“John!” Sherlock thundered. John smiled.
They went out to the sitting room and John threw himself onto the cushions. Sherlock straddled his lap and they kissed sweetly, cupping necks and touching chests and hips. This was much better. John was all quiet and zoned out and Sherlock wanted to encourage the old dominant John out. Already he seemed more himself than he had before his shower. It seemed all the physical contact was helping. Sherlock growled and reached down and fondled his dom’s crotch. He slipped his tongue into his mouth and felt John grin.
“Except Jenkins.” He snapped.
John continued. “I can’t let you go off on a case so early in the morning without giving you a nice relaxing evening the night before. I still have to treat your bum.”
Molly nodded. "The nans are in the swing of baking season. I'll give it a try." She nodded.
“There we are.” John pulled it out, carefully. “Nice and loose for me now.” He unzipped and pushed his jeans down and Sherlock blinked when his dom grabbed his hips and eased his slick cock into his bum. John groaned in pleasure but Sherlock chewed on the rubber ball in his mouth. He own cock was flaccid and uninterested. He wasn’t getting anywhere near subspace and he found himself distracted. John’s cock inside of him felt intrusive and big and his arms were starting to get stiff. John hummed in pleasure and humped into him, then reached around and found his nipples. “Alright, love?” He asked.
shifted in John's chest. Sherlock glanced away, clearly called by something. He gave John a final smile and left the window.
“Thank you, sir. I didn’t mean to barge in like this. I just—Owen always said nice things about you—how great you were and patient.”
"Melissa." Sherlock said. He put the phone on the counter. "She's ever so pleased I located Dee, but significantly less pleased that her sister is apparently a jewel thief." His collar was loose on his neck. John hooked two fingers under it and tugged gently and Sherlock bent his head to kiss him.
"The arrow head is strange." Sherlock said. "I can't quite tell what the material is. It’s neither stone, I think, nor iron. Of course I don't have all my good equipment." He muttered, waving his hand over his messy table top. "If I were at home I could...."
"You simply need to take some orders and forget for a bit, yes?"
“Alright.”
Both men stepped apart from each other. Lestrade stalked towards his car, pacing back and forth. Sherlock touched John’s shoulder and the dom turned to him. He stood very near to his sub as Sherlock rubbed his shoulder and spoke a litany of soothing things. He pushed the leash loop into John’s hand and the doctor clutched it.
"Sourdough? That takes days." Paul said.
“If you’re good and hold still for all this, I’ll talk to your doctor and work on getting you back to B. But only if you’re good.”
she's a dom! Do you honestly think‒"
touching me." He crossed his arms. The sun was warm but the air was cold, making him shiver and sweat at the same time. His back was starting to hurt again and John's used clothes were tacky on his skin. "I just," Sherlock began, he turned away from John and looked down, "want to go home."
in a tea towel for hell’s sake. Who the hell kept severed fingers in a tea towel? Or anywhere for that matter. He was hardly better though, feeding Sherlock’s desire for experimentation and giving him gifts that would make Hannibal Lector jealous.
John startled and coffee sloshed. “What is going on?” He snipped.
?” Sherlock snapped.
Mrs. Hudson blinked in shock. "He was happy? At Chilgrave?"
Lestrade cleared his throat and began fiddling with a bottle cap. “We’ve been speaking to family and friends, putting the pieces together. Logan’s sub was named Anthony Bailey. Anthony came from a very wealthy family. Old money. He wanted to marry Logan but the family didn’t approve. Anthony was diagnosed with cancer in December. Terminal. He only had months to live. He put his fiance—Logan—in his will to get his entire share of what would be his family’s inheritance. Money, his belongings, that cabin, his cars—everything basically. Well, mum and dad didn’t approve of that move at all. They forced Anthony to cut Logan out of will, saying that Logan was just ‘some fry cook’ and not good enough for their son.”
"Oh, yeah. Of course." He said nothing about the shouting and stabbed a sausage. John put the pan and spatula in the sink and turned on the water to wash.
“Sherlock,” John called, pouring water into a mug. “Can you stop, please?”
“The bin is filled with used tissues—clearly she’s been crying. The sink is filled to the rafters with mugs and dishes, but no pots or pans. She’s having lots of company over but not cooking meals. Given the take away menus strewn about and the whole general mess of the place, she’s ordering food to be delivered—of course she is, she’s mourning. She doesn’t want to cook. People she’s close to and comfortable with have been coming over with meals too and acting as moral support in her time of loss. And she’s wearing one of Dixon’s shirts.”
"Fine." John sighed.
Sherlock stood up and grabbed her empty glass, exiting the room. John looked at Mike, brows raised.
Sherlock flung the door open, changed into dry clothes, and swept past his brother.
“Yes.”
The tags have been updated. Bit of gore in this one.
“We need to talk.”
Here's more info on the formula and tangle probability stuff Sherlock was talking about.
Sherlock was pretty sure John had more than a cuppa in store for him.
"Good afternoon."
“What about them?” John asked. No one was doing anything for Buck and his mates. The one still hadn’t moved.
"I understand." Seb said cheerfully. "If I'd fallen off a thirteen hand horse I'd creep off to lick my wounds too."
John glared at him. “Cheers.”
John and Sherlock go out for a nice meal, but after dinner the evening takes a very wrong turn.
"Sherlock, just let me see‒"
“Later.” He said.
"John." She brought him a plate of porridge and rashers one morning. "Please eat this."
“Logan, I don’t need to die. My death will hurt him—we don’t want another dom to be hurt, do we?”
“What?”
"Idiot." He heard Sherlock mutter.
John eyed his bottom. It was a lush splotchy crimson and John was sure it felt as painful as it looked.
“No.” Sherlock sighed and stretched. The doctor took the bar of soap and lathered it up, then gently smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s arms and chest, getting the semen off. He hissed and put his hands up on the tile when John rubbed the soap over his back.
That was definitely the wrong thing to say. Hissing and spitting, Jamie leaped at him, pinning him to the floor face down with a knee in his back. It was tempting as hell to fight back, but a dom in Defense was a force to be reckoned with. There was a story in the news just last month about a petite 5’3” Chinese dom who had gone into Defense when her sub was sent to Iraq. She’d put a burly Uni-aged rugby player in hospital before the police managed to subdue her. From a scientific standpoint, the biology of Defense was fascinating, but not so much at this moment. No, fighting back would just make Jamie see him as more of a threat.
“Oh no thanks dear! That’s sweet of you to ask. You have a good time, now.”
, Sherlock.” John said for the twentieth time as they pushed into 221B.
“Of course. Would you want to try some things?” John asked.
“The scratchy and the soft—it hurts a little bit but it feels so
“Jim, get a hold of yourself!” Seb’s voice, louder now.
“Yes.”
“All day.” He groused. “Double shift—someone’s out sick.” He said it like it was a personal affront that another doctor dare get sick and take John away from him all day long.
He shrugged. "It was a bad outbreak. It took lots of people. I loved her. Sarah, was her name."
"Don’t know. Buy Mrs. Hudson a nice Christmas gift. She puts up with all of our nonsense and she should get something good."
was in love. Greg was happy for him. For both of them.
She thought for a moment. “He came back in once you’d both left, but I didn’t see him after that.”
“I think it’s the chef.” John said. “Sherlock was analyzing people all night. I knew he was looking for the killer.” John snarled to himself. “This stupid restaurant was just a ruse!”
“We’ll talk to him.” Lestrade said, making more notes. “Check out that Mudd place too. He has a lot of punches on that card. Maybe he worked there or someone knew him.”
“John, I…” Sherlock leaned back and bit his top lip. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about Seb.”
“Yes.” Lestrade shuffled the papers together into some semblance of order and turned into his office, shoving aside a half donut on a foam plate to make room for the new papers.
"Yes!"
John chuckled as he held the vial up to the light and pulled the plunger, filling the shaft with liquid. He squeezed it and bit dribbled out.
“—hush, be still. It’ll be over soon.”
“They’re good together.” Sally said.
“Think you’ll be able to handle me?” His tone was light and playful but veined with a vulnerable chord. How long would the doctor last before he decided that all the kitchen sink experiments and mad dashes to Belarus in the wee hours and the cases were all just too much?
"Right." John said. "Want to head out?"
"Just boys." Sherlock smiled. “I’m…I’m sorry she died, John. I’m, I’m glad you’re here to tell me this, that Jim didn’t kill you.”
“Uh,” Sherlock scrabbled briefly, “he had a term or two left. I would only see Owen on school breaks. We grew up together, but we grew apart a little as we went off to school and, you know, life happens. I can’t believe he got murdered!” Sherlock wiped more fresh tears away and took an offered tissue box.
"Come to the table." She said, walking over to the tray and pulling out a chair.
"Relax." Sherlock leaned forward and dug into his eggs. "He overcharges. Exorbitantly. He steals too. He’s a cheat." He gulped the eggs and bit into a sausage.
John blinked and looked down at his cane. “I got shot.”
"Two, actually."
“Alright?” He asked. He rested his hand in the dark curls and rubbed his scalp.
“Come with me.” John pulled him into the bedroom and untied his gown. “Take that off. Get on your knees.”
“Thanks.” He said, adjusting his coat.
John smiled. In the past month he’d probably spent less than a weeks at his bedsit on the east side of London. Every other night had been wonderfully spent here at 221, with Sherlock either in his arms or on a pillow at his knees. His bedsit was officially lonely now, with its crappy furniture and musty smell that never seemed to quite go away.
I’m a switch. I didn’t realize at the time that I was a switch. I thought it was my submission coming to light, or just the hormones affecting my body. My parents were both subs, they didn’t catch it. Harry is a dom but we didn’t want much to do with each other so it’s not like I could get advice. It turned out fine in the end.” John gave him the last forkful of egg and then finished off the toast. “Full?” He asked, putting the plate aside.
"Ah, another night?"
"It's still in the air, John!" Sherlock got up and stepped out of the tub. He sniffed his forearm. "Now
“Do you think this is fucking okay, you piece of shit?” John’s voice was a deep snarl and he shook him hard, rattling him against the floor. “You think it’s alright to murder submissives?!”
"Really?" Sherlock was genuinely surprised. "I would think you'd prefer the quiet of the herana to tending a guest. Concubines at Sherrinford have said the herana is…conducive to contentment."
. “Laters!” He called over his shoulder. Sally rolled her eyes and hurried to follow.
Sherlock turned out of the corner, his face a weird mix of pouty and mutinous. John hugged him. “Good boy.” He stepped back and looked into Sherlock’s eyes. “Alright? Are you okay?”
“Can I touch?” John asked, hovering over Sherlock’s dick.
They both did.
"John wouldn't do that." She said. She wished she believed it.
“How’s your arm?” Mike asked gently.
Sherlock buried his face in the pillow and whined as the stinging heat burned patches on his skin. He tried to lift his legs and the five inch chains binding him to the footboard clinked on the wood before pulling taut. The cropping stopped. Again John's hand on his hair. He sighed into the cotton and closed his eyes, enjoying the firm fingers on his neck, rubbing and soothing. His brain felt like a fish swimming happily through the warm clear waters of subspace.
Sherlock waved his hand as if John had said something preposterous, but not before his gaze glanced down the shoulder scar and further on to his defined chest and flat stomach.
Everyone showed up (nearly. Harry was a no show, not that John was surprised): Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Mike came later, even Mycroft. Betsy and Mrs. Hudson cooked them salmon and tuna, roasted prime rib that fell off the bone, garlic potatoes and loads of mixed vegetables. There was a big salad made with chicken and grapes and some kind of tangy dressing. A modest chocolate cake covered with white whipped cream frosting was in the center of it all, and Betsy had fashioned a very realistic black and silver fondant stethoscope draped around a white beaker spilling multicolored frosting bubbles. A plate piled with Jaffa cakes was beside that. The whole spread was beautiful. John took pictures of it all and Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. John could tell he loved it all though. Lestrade got them both a bottle of aged whiskey that made even Mycroft raise an approving brow. Mike and Betsy had brought a tiny refrigerator so Sherlock could store his more unsavory experiments away from food. John hugged them both hard.
“Are you spacing still?” He asked as his dom licked his neck.
"I don't know."
“You’re welcome dear.” She turned to leave.
"Let me." Sherlock mumbled into his ear. He plucked the shampoo bottle and squeezed a dollop into John's hair. He groaned in pleasure as Sherlock scrubbed fingers across his scalp. "You've been going for hours." Sherlock said. "You barely slept last night. Let me do this…"
“Mental, that one.” Anderson muttered from Lestrade’s other side. “Not a psychopath at all.”
“Oh for God’s sake. Fine. John.” Sherlock hung up and flung the phone at the cot. His elbow was throbbing and his forearm was bleeding from where that crazy girl had broken the vase on him. Honestly, she sees one stranger in her flat and she assumes the worst. What was wrong with people?
want to. Not as hard as
"Mm, interesting job that lets you go to pubs and drink."
She spoke so matter of factly, like any of this was normal. John licked his lips, suddenly feeling exhausted. He had so many more questions but lacked the strength to ask them.
He grabbed his phone and texted,
She giggled.
“I’m going to punish you, Sherlock,” he opened and closed his fists, “for your reckless behavior tonight.”
“John!” Sherlock called. “Focus.”
"Are you interested? That would be lovely! You should be warned, dear, it's mostly pensioners. Though Betty has a daughter who comes sometimes. Lovely girl. Single." She nudged him knowingly and picked up the spinach dip and toasts. "I'll let you know what the next book is and you and Sherlock can join us next week."
" He snipped. "I wouldn’t expect anyone to understand or
He sat up, hiding his wince as best he could, and reached for the coffee. They needed to talk about this. Or something. He knew John wanted to see the damage, and to be honest, he wouldn’t mind some hands-on time with his doctor. He still felt a little timid and he wanted to submit. He wanted John inside of him but his backside sore the way it was, he doubted it would be a good idea.
“You can’t promise him anything. Stop talking now.”
"Salted."
“Has someone who identified as dominant ever subbed for you?”
Suddenly it dawned on Sherlock.
“Do you think he’s the killer?” Sherlock asked.
"Me too." His eyes were suddenly filled with tears and he refused to accommodate them. A heavy, painful weight took up residence just under his ribcage, dragging his cheerful cloud down to the dirt. Sherlock had said they would see each other again before he left. He promised! John was looking forward to it. It was his bright spot in the darkness and now. He swallowed. It was fine. Sherlock was just a visiting guest. Of course he would have to go back to his kingdom to do whatever it was he was doing. He owed John nothing because John was nothing. Just a whore. Just a prisoner.
“No.” Sherlock growled. “I had to initiate and emergency dismount.”
no less—said as much.
Sherlock thought about this. He didn't want to be with Mrs. Hudson. She would dote and worry and get on his nerves. Mike…? He didn't want to go there. He didn't want to be with a submissive. A dominant then. Mycroft? Lord no. Lestrade?....Hm. Yes, the officer's flat with the old sofa and green blanket and musky dom smell sounded good. Sherlock wanted to be near a dom he knew. Would John let him or would he be jealous? The last thing he wanted was a Defensive episode.
Sherlock nodded and put his phone away. “Vincent Coel isn’t the tall blond. Our dead sub may have been cheating.”
"Yes. They’ll finish up here and follow after Sherlock. I guess the King wants to meet with the delegates." She frowned. "It's rude the way they just popped up with no warning."
“No, I’m fine.” He grinned up at her and John softened, aware then of Sherlock’s hand on his thigh, the weight of it warm and soothing.
John wandered into the room and looked everything over. Gory photos of the dead subs, what was left of them, anyway, caught his eye and he frowned. It was just too easy for that pale, ragged skin to be Sherlock. He clenched his fist and looked at the jotted words: knives, dismembered, decayed. Instantly he was in a bad mood. He turned away from the wall and went back to the kitchen, slamming cabinet doors and banging dishes together.
John looked pleasantly surprised, as did Greg. "Yeah, sure." He said. "No problem at all. Feel better. Thanks for the breakfast, John."
“No.” Sherlock said after a moment. "I'm not‒no need to prepare for anything." He drew himself up to his full, regal height. "Someone tried to kill me today and I want, rather, I
“L-loose enough?” He asked. He nudged the tip of his cock against John’s hole and the doctor made a little huffy sound.
Sherlock sighed and sat back on his arse, suddenly looking sheepish. “I’m…practicing.” He stared down at the dildo. “So I can fit your cock in my mouth more easily.”
“We’ll take it.” Sherlock said. John nodded.
John lifted his head and looked at him. “Would I let you fuck me?”
Sherlock realizes that going to Coel's house wasn't so bright. John really likes aftercare.
“It’s red on both sides, see?” John showed him the rosy red of one side, then the almost burgundy shade on the opposing side. “Depending on how badly you mess up, the color of your arse will match either side one or side two by the time the lesson has set in.”
Sherlock paced behind him and when John was finished he sat back and said, “okay.”
“Hoo hoo.” Sherlock looked up as Mrs. Hudson knocked briskly on the door. “I have your tea, love.”
"Yeah, well, part of it." He said. "Not anymore. My team was just one small group. The highwaymen are all over Hibern. We're still strong.”
“Excellent.” Sherlock left the room.
"Didn't use warm water…" Sherlock muttered. He walked back to his sourdough/chemistry concoction. The cameras wandered off. John threw his recipe together again at lightning speed and flung it back in the oven. He looked at the time. It would be a miracle if this wasn't raw.
His days at Chilgrave stretched out before him, filled with much of the same as what he’d already endured. He thought of Molly and Sherlock, his mum and Harry and even going out fishing, allowing his mind to replay bits of his past and present at random, trying to sort out the horror of what was happening to him.
“Can we bring you anything back?”
“Oh, oh God…” Sherlock grabbed John’s hair as pleasure jolted through his hips in sparkling waves. “I didn’t plan on this, darling.” He said. “I would have cleaned myself…”
John narrowed his eyes. "Why?"
John turned the page.
It wasn't sexy.
“C’mon.” Greg strode past, stirring his coffee, and Sherlock followed him back to his office. Greg shut the door.
John sat in the idling cab. The meter was running and it had already been seven minutes. John texted him:
“Thank you, Miss.” He grunted. Her eyes were wide and she nodded and John realized she was frightened of him. He didn’t feel very scary. He felt like a broken dog. He finished the water and she took the cup, vanishing back into the room’s darkness.
"Fancy that." John said, trying harder now not to laugh. "We're neighbors. So about going back to mine…"
“A beautiful collar for my beautiful partner.” John said, looking him in the eye. Sherlock blushed and looked away.
John laughed aloud. "What are you going to do with your millions?"
“I know how he is.” Greg sipped his coffee. He seemed unperturbed, but John knew the comments must have stung.
The game is on!
"No!" Sherlock snapped. He struggled off his pile of pillows to a more upright position. "You can't do that!"
It was there: a tiny glowing spark deep down. He did love him. In such a short amount of time he had fallen hard for the younger man. John smiled and opened the fridge to look for dinner. In the blast of cold air his smile faded. Did Sherlock love him?
John made fists and regarded his whiny submissive who was currently throwing the Sherlock version of a temper tantrum. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock grinned and buried his face into the pillow. John lifted an an arse cheek aside and pushed two slick fingers around his hole and rubbed. He worked his interested cock with his other hand and bursts of pleasure jolted through his hips.
They didn’t have much time to play and explore each other that night, or even over the next couple weeks. A Chinese smuggling ring had come to town under the guise of a circus and everything was a whirlwind of spray paint, crates of books, and clues until John was kidnapped and held hostage, tied to chair in a tunnel with a spear on a sand timer aimed at his chest. Sherlock crouched in the shadows, watching with a terror-gripped heart as John struggled back into consciousness and spoke to Shan. He could very feasibly watch John die tonight, and the sheer wave of terror and anger that filled his soul at that thought made him spring from the shadows and distract the smugglers, giving John enough time to maneuver out of the spear’s path.
“I’m having toast with butter, not jam.”
"I'll keep you updated on the case." He said.
The group of tasked concubines headed for the bathing room once the assignments were read off. The others, grateful for the reprieve, retreated to various corners of the herana to play cards or dice.
The guards had stepped forward, shielding their King even though there was a set of thick bars between Jim and John.
“What do you want to drink?” John called from the kitchen.
“Okay.” John thought for a moment. “Come here, I want to check your bruises.” He beckoned him over and Sherlock took off his shirt. John turned him towards the light and eyed the yellow marks. He’d diligently applied the arnica and it seemed to have helped. He reached for Sherlock’s waistband and the sub unbuttoned and unzipped. John pulled his clothes down and looked at his bum. There too the bruises were faded to barely anything. “How is it?” He put his palm on the skin.
“Ms. Dunn?” Greg held up his ID and spoke in soft tone. “I’m DI Greg Lestrade. This is Sherlock Holmes. We’re with Scotland Yard, may we come in and ask you a few questions?”
“I’m famished.” John said when they were on the pavement. “We used a lot of energy today.” He winked.
“Yes?” John asked.
“How the hell could you possibly know he’s cheating?” John sipped his coffee.
about him that John couldn’t quite place but that he loved immensely. “What are you doing?” He saw the toy box on the floor and grinned. “Devising new tortures for me?” He teased.
“What, love?”
“I was looking for the murderer.”
“He was killing other submissives before their fictional cancer could.” Sherlock murmured, looking at his dom. “That’s what he meant about saving you. He assumed that I and all his other victims would get sick and die and their deaths would hurt their doms like Anthony’s death hurt him.” Sherlock was slumped down a little in his chair, his face pale. He looked up at Lestrade. “I’m assuming Anthony was the original ‘type’ for this case? White, male, under age 35, submissive.”
“I’d have done the same.” She said. “It would aggravate my hip though.”
Christ. He laid back on the carpet and clutched his head, half expecting the spinning castle to throw him into the ceiling. A breeze fluttered over him and the candles in the corridor flickered. He listened. Silence. Not a soul stirred. Sherlock got up, fell into the wall, and slid down to hands and knees. Fine. This was fine. He could just crawl to his rooms. Easy.
"Yes." She said. John put his hand on her thigh and moved in towards her labia. "Gonna look in here, just a peek between…" he warned. He spread her labia and eyed her angry looking puffy skin. "Well I certainly see why you don't feel right." He said.
The second thing was that there was a quiet, mechanical beeping sound not far from his head.
“She did.” He took the eggs and chewed. “She ran Owen’s tissue and found Flunitrazepam.”
and the loo, then waking up in the cabin. Sally jotted notes and Lestrade simply listened. Sherlock cracked open his water once he got to the bit about the knives. He detailed every word that Logan had said to him about his dead sub and the cancer. John took his hand, wanting to kill Logan all over again as Sherlock spoke in clinical terms about how the incisions were made to bleed a lot rather than cause pain. To weaken but not kill. Yet.
“Here we are.” She came back carrying a white velvet display stand holding up eight black leather collars. They were all different in subtle ways. Some were thinner than a finger, others were over an inch wide. One had a little silver heart in the front and another was fringed with black lace. All were black.
“Still under?”
“Thanks…” He looked away sheepishly.
John’s warm hand patted his thigh. “Spread your legs.”
Satisfied, John stood up. “You can get out of the corner now.”
Mrs. Hudson gave him a final squeeze and he jogged up the stairs, manfully drawing himself up to face his angry dom.
"Ah-ha, lights!" John grabbed the plug poking out of a plastic bag and pulled. It didn't budge. He tugged again, this time peeling the plastic bag away. He pulled the large, tangled lump of fairy lights free and eyed it, biting his lip. How on earth had it gotten so hopelessly tangled? Certainly it wasn't like that when they put it away last year? "This is a mess." He said.
Sherlock dragged himself to his feet, plucked the mug from John's hand, and went to the kitchen. "Father Christmas, I'm told, traverses the globe in one night, delivering gifts to every 'good' child. How he defines 'good' can only be guessed." He scoffed at Father Christmas' lack of specific measurable data. "At each home, he must park his sleigh, get down the chimney, deliver at least one gift per child, eat whatever victuals are provided, return up the chimney, get back in the sleigh, and repeat the process."
His phone dinged again.
“Hey!” John barked. Donovan and Sherlock fell silent and everyone looked away. “Sherlock and I are not your business, Sally. We’re here to solve a case. Not discuss love lives. Where’s the body parts?”
"You wanted me alive so you could torture me." John said, holding his ground. "Make me live with their deaths."
"It was good to meet you, Sherlock." He said, looking him in the eye. He extended his hand. Sherlock stared down at it for a moment before taking it and squeezing. "Likewise." He said stiffly. He swept out the door and was gone.
“I, okay.” Sherlock stared at his dom’s arse and his hard cock and balls and the shining glass plug. He took a deep breath and went over to him, running hands up and down his sides and bum. He took the plug and slowly pulled it out, setting it aside.
They stepped under the warm spray and mutually groaned in pleasure. Sherlock grabbed the bar of soap and worked it into a pile of suds. He soaped John’s back, rubbing his shoulders and the tight spots between his scapulae and spine. His scratching fingers hadn’t left too much damage last night and only a few faint lines of pink marred the skin. John hummed happily and Sherlock skimmed over the rough scar tissue and smoothed his soapy hands up and down his warm ribs, feeling the bones under the warm skin. He slipped his hands down and rubbed them over John’s plump bottom. He snuck fingers into his crack and reached forward, fingering his balls from behind. John gasped and groaned again as he touched him. Sherlock smiled, glad he was enjoying himself. He lathered his armpits and reached around to grope his chest and John leaned his head back on Sherlock’s collarbone, relaxed and trusting that Sherlock would hold him up. His sub took the hint and continued to soap his belly and cock. John kissed his jaw and straightened up.
"Hear
Sherlock opened his mouth, he closed his mouth. “I, suppose. A massage?”
For the second time that night, it was John to the rescue. He smiled into the kiss and gently took Sherlock’s wrists, guiding his hands to his own hips before reaching to undo the buttons on the sub’s shirt. Hips, then. Sherlock squeezed, the denim of John’s jeans rough and warm, encouraged when the dom leaned back into the touch. He slid around and groped John’s arse and the doctor made a happy growly sound in his throat, breaking the kiss. “There y’go, love,” his voice was a gruff whisper as he mouthed down Sherlock’s neck, licking and nipping and breathing hot over his chest. It felt exquisite. Sherlock dropped his head back on the cushion, clutching John’s arse and staring at the ceiling, panting as his nipples were found and rubbed over. A huffy noise rasped out of his throat and John palmed his cock, making him gasp.
“Is he interested in the same kind of play that you are?” She asked.
“Or maybe an ‘I’ll never do it again, Headmaster Watson?’”
“You can’t promise that.”
"About what?" John was intrigued now.
“No.” Sherlock cupped his hand over the sore joint.
“You know how they never leave notes?” He answered. “Well, this one did.”
"New one." The attendant said. "Straight from his Majesty. Do the usual, report any problems."
"Are they still on the pet names?" Greg asked.
"Ah hell, I guess." Sherlock-the-buyer rubbed his hand over his beanie. "Will you take a cheque?"
Sherlock didn’t dignify John’s deduction with an answer.
John took a moment to rotate his arms and open and close his jaw a few times to work out the stiffness. He leaned against the bars, looking in the direction his people had been taken. It was just darkness. No more torches illuminated the corridor.
“Are you honestly humming right now?” John asked him. “You must want me to paddle you.”
John perked up, even as confusion edged on his mind. “A crime scene? Why? Are you okay?”
The traced wounds suddenly made sense. Logan had carved out the shape of his liver and his spleen right on his skin. The other cuts were there just to ensure blood loss and thus, weakness. Gooseflesh popped up over his skin as more of the clues slotted into place. That’s why the victims had been in pieces. Logan had eviscerated and chopped them up. Sherlock blinked a few times. Logan was going to cut out his organs and then get rid of his body somehow.
“Yes.” Sherlock tucked his coat close.
“That’s mine.” John said.
"They would explode from the force and speed of the movement! The energy required to move at those speeds would cause sonic booms‒not to mention Father Christmas would be subjected to centrifugal forces over seventeen thousand times greater than gravity‒"
Sally looked away as a few officers in the vicinity glanced up in delighted shock.
“Fine. Later.” He left and John moved to the window, watching him get into a black car and be driven off. A couple people went into Speedy’s down below, the door jingling faintly. Satisfied, he went back to the bedroom.
“Hold still.” John told him, pulling away.
“Me and Bets are going to Glasgow on Friday morning.
“I hope it goes well.” John said. “Thanks again.”
Sherlock blinked, warmed at John’s mention of his intelligence.
He straightened up and came into the sitting room, parking at his laptop and sipping the tea. He licked his lips. The navy blue of his eyes seemed a few shades darker and they twinkled with a predatory gleam. Sherlock slid his foot up John’s leg and the doctor responded, sliding his foot forward so they were touching. He blinked a few times and took a deep breath and Sherlock finished answering his emails before browsing the news listlessly. He didn’t feel like experimenting or bothering Graham for a case. Actually, a warm shower and a nap sounded really good right now and he was getting concerned for John. He had his face in his hands now and was taking deep breaths.
They stood up and walked to the front of the restaurant, where they were wished a pleasant evening by the hostess. Sherlock paused. He didn’t want to leave yet. He hadn’t had a good look at the other waiter. He wanted a solid picture of everyone in his mind so he could instruct his homeless network to keep an eye on the exits. One of his network could follow or observe and report back to him so he could pinpoint it that way. John hadn’t wanted him to use himself as bait and he wasn’t too keen on getting hacked to bits either.
The doctor smacked his hip. “Hush. I’m gonna—”
“J-John…oh!”
get the paddle if you don’t listen to me.”
“Oh wow!” Sherlock gushed, alarmed.
“I told you.” John raised a brow and Sherlock gave the paddle a glare of infinite loathing.
The little voice that lived in the vicinity of the Gordian knot of feelings in his chest spoke up, small but insistent. Sherlock wanted to tell it to shut up, but it came out as more of sigh in own head.
Sherlock didn’t deign that with an answer. The truth was that he wanted it to be, but it wasn’t. John was calm and capable and he didn’t take any of his attitude, nor did he give him a hard time or call him a stupid bastard for actually getting incarcerated. It was…kind of nice.
"It's just physics." Sherlock said, lifting a shoulder in a shrug.
The concubines were a varied group made up largely of criminals, from pick-pockets to icy murderers. Anyone who crossed Jim that he didn’t immediately kill got put into the herana to be used as Chilgrave’s guests saw fit. The one thing that united all the concubines was their avid dislike of Jim and it was only through violence that the guards kept them all from rising up. John hated it all.
John came to the doorway and his eyes widened when he saw Sherlock was naked in a big tub of steaming water. "Oh, um, good evening." John straightened up and looked directly at the wall of the far side of the bathroom. "How may I be of service, Sherlock?"
“Thank you.” Greg said.
Sherlock stared up at a brown water stain on the ceiling, just barely visible past the bright white light. The slice under his ribs had stopped bleeding and he could feel the tight scabs forming. Another cut curved down his abdomen and it felt like Logan was tracing a shape on his lower left waist. He could smell the metal iron tang of his blood. His brain was sluggish from the blood loss and he blinked slowly.
He shrugged her off. “You got a problem with me?” John asked Buck, infusing his voice with anger.
“Stand under the water.” Sherlock said, turning the temperature up a bit. He rubbed the soap over his own skin.
He took a deep breath and the sea-and-trash-scented air cooled his lungs and whisked the booze and body odor out of his nostrils. The full moon lit the dirt street in a milky blue wash. The Barrens were close to the docks on the Thames and if Sherlock were to stand on tiptoe, he'd be able to barely see the sparkling, dirty water in the wide river, choppy and ice cold. He blinked. The stars seemed brighter and the odor of the sea stronger and a smile curved lazily onto his lips. He was feeling mellow from the opium, a bit horny, and confident from his win. He'd have to thank Wiggins for sharing.
“I told you that this,” he held it up, “would be for the worst offenses. What happened tonight was a bad offense.”
John ran a single fingertip down the stiffening shaft of Sherlock’s penis. “Fetch it for me and I’ll give you what you want.”
"No you're not. You'll be there four nights. Janine will be in attendance. You two can mingle, chat. Start looking like the couple you're going to be."
"It's okay to say you like it." John blew across the tea's surface. "It won't hurt."
“There’s no reason for me to be here anymore!”
"Sherlock, dear, are you bored?" Betsy's voice from the kitchen.
This Saturday—tomorrow—they were having a party of sorts at the flat, or as Sherlock called it, an ‘obligatory gathering.’ The flat needed a hoovering and a dusting, badly. They hadn’t done much lately but stay in and watch crap telly when John was off work and just
“So I’m just supposed to sit back and let you get murdered!?”
“Hm….” John opened the lid and eyed the items inside, tapping one finger against his lips in thought. “What can I do to you? We could try the tighter nipple clamps, the adjustable ones. Or I could cuff your wrists and tease you ‘til you scream…” He examined his items. Sherlock’s wrists were still tender from being tied with Logan’s rope, so cuffs were out. He wanted to avoid his wounds too, obviously, so pretty much everything on the torso was out. Nothing at was wrong with his cock or bum though. He looked up and saw his sub watching him with eager, lusty eyes. He smiled and removed a thin length of silky cord and a single black satin and lace glove and closed the box. He pulled the blankets down and fluffed all four pillows and piled them against the headboard.
“Possibly. She’s a barrister, a dom, enjoys fine foods, and she’s been out of town for two months on business.”
“Is it safe?” John crept down the hallway. “If she saw me,” he gestured to his still straining cock, “it would be obvious that we were at it.”
“Because I want to talk to you.”
“Who is it?” John followed. “And why does he have my file? Is this someone we should be worried about? Because that file he had is classified information.”
the King and all."
Everyone was silent for a moment. Shoes squeaked by in the hall.
John had made him tea. Big deal.
John frowned, thinking. He remembered the tasty muffins but that was it. “What did I say?”
Sherlock snapped his eyes open. John was grinning at him. “Get up. Help me cook.” He sat up and rubbed his temple. His head felt massively better after the pills and good night’s sleep. Yes, he had lied just a bit to Ella, but he deserved to laze around the flat with his sub. And speaking of flats, he really needed to go to his own.
“If you were
“Good.” John rubbed his thighs, smoothing the sting away. “That’ll do, Mister Holmes.” He patted his waist, sweat-soaked through the shirt. “Dismissed.” He said. Sherlock panted and John stroked his back and hip.
“Yes.” John shot up, nearly tipping the chair over. “I’ll join you. Take some painkillers first because it’ll probably hurt after.”
"So? A GBBO romance? How sweet is that?"
The bathing room was one large space containing a water pump and a plethora of buckets. There were benches for people to sit on and containers of
He frowned and looked over his shoulder. John was laughing and Sherlock was smiling.
“Hospital!” And he was gone.
Sherlock lay limp on the tarp, breathing deep long breaths. He blinked slowly as a haze gradually settled over his body. His arms ached. His torso throbbed. He was sticky with dried blood and the stink of iron was overwhelming. Each time he closed his eyes he thought of John. John was coming for him. John loved him. The thought gave him strength and he formulated a small plan.
“Why?” John asked carefully.
“I don’t think I’ll make it to the restaurant, love…” John mumbled. “I can barely be arsed to go to the kitchen.”
“Yeah! Good! Mike was out there looking for you! I called Mrs. Hudson. I called Mycroft—I called Molly. I bet I sounded like a tit on the phone, asking her if you got to Bart’s okay.”
“Something?”
"Morning, Greg." John was manning the stove, cooking up sausages and beans. Greg's mouth watered.
She took his hand between her own and held it. "I'll be strong for you, then."
Greg came by and took his phone. "Hello?"
“Nope.” He said in a stern tone. “Get up. On your feet.”
The pain was building and sticking and he crossed his ankles, squeezing his dom’s leg. To his delight, John eased up though he still continued to whack him and Sherlock slipped further towards subspace. He couldn’t even remember why John was spanking him. It didn’t matter anymore. He was over his dom’s knee because he wanted him there and all he had to do was submit. Everything faded away: Jenkins, Sebastian, the blood test and tox screen, the upcoming dinner with Mike and Betsy…it all crumpled away like paper curling up in a fire and he licked his lips, taking long deep breaths. The sting on his bum faded and he was aware of John’s palm rubbing the burn away.
Sherlock stabbed at a piece of lamb on his plate, feigning nonchalance. He glanced up shyly after a moment and asked, “do you think so?”
“How can there be nothing!?” Sherlock ranted. He slammed the door and stormed into the kitchen, roaring in frustration before stomping into the sitting room and rubbing his temples. “No footprints, no articles of clothing, nothing on the bloody CCTV—what’s the point of the cameras if they don’t even see anything, Mycroft!”
“Remember what we talked about.” Sherlock said, shuffling the six pack of beer to his other hand. “If I get a case break, I’m outta here.”
A whisper of fabric in the shadows and then a warm hand on his shoulder. His instincts raised red flags and he curled his clean hand into a fist, ready to attack. He relaxed when he recognized Molly.
“Leave it.” Sherlock said.
It was peaceful, in a way. Sherlock enjoyed the solitude of the forest and the endless possibilities to discover new things to collect, examine, or bring back home. He had fond memories of escaping class or royal duties to disappear into the trees and do whatever he pleased. Today, however, was not peaceful.
“You’ll learn.”
Sherlock conceded this. "I suppose." He stood up and gathered his mug again, already past the logistical failures of Christmas fables.
, then another, then another. He patted the crop from shoulder to hip, stimulating the whole area with stinging little smacks of sensation. Sherlock hung his head back and moaned as the crop warmed his back and he sucked in a breath when it began thwacking his bottom. Again it was more of the same little dancing sting-smacks, warming the skin in a warning of what was to come.
Sherlock glanced up, surprised, and gave his dom a shy pleased smile.
"You sure?" John prompted carefully. "It has that actor you said was cheating on his wife. You could tell by his tie."
“Through a friend.” John said. Ella seemed pleased by him mentioning the word ‘friend’ as well.
Sue wandered off and John firmly told himself he was hearing things.
The session ended after forty minutes. John’s brain felt like hot pulled taffy and he shoved his left hand into his pocket. He
"The only place that belongs." Sherlock declared. He swept out of his dressing gown and stepped into the now-streaming shower. He grabbed his shampoo bottle and popped it open, eager to rid the room of the awful stink. "Joining me?" He asked. He drew his gaze rakishly across John's damp body and disappeared behind the curtain. John followed. The warm bath may have been a disaster but they could still salvage some romance from this evening.
