He turns, wanting to greet John properly, and is surprised to see no one is there. Uncertain, he reaches out, his hand making contact with what he thinks is an arm. “John?”
She sighed and nodded. “The summer’s almost over. I won't be back here until Christmas. There doesn't seem to be much point pretending our relationship is going to last. It's silly to try; people just end up making promises they never really intend to keep.”
His work frequently brought him to St. Bart's Hospital, sometimes to question the living, more often to inspect the dead. He had found a niche as a consulting detective, a profession he'd invented himself.
Sherlock opened the door before I could frantically ring the bell, somehow predicting the precise time of my arrival.
“Now then,” John says, producing his phone from his pocket with a flourish. “It wouldn’t be a proper celebration without some games.”
As soon as John is out of earshot, Sherlock lets out a huff of air, releasing the tension trapped in his shoulders. Things seemed to be going well so far. But he can’t let himself leap too far ahead. He can’t assume anything yet.
Sherlock peers closer at a man lounging against the ambulance. He’s tall and lanky with dark hair and sharp features.
John took the slip of paper. “Of course. I’ll write when I'm settled in.” He paused. “What we can say will be limited…”
That night, the CNN market report flickered mutely in the background as Sherlock adjusted his knees on the plump sofa cushions, straddling John's lap. He positioned John’s thick cock just where he wanted it, then sank slowly down, down, gradually taking the girth, nuzzling John's mouth.
Their eyes were closed, oblivious to anything but each other, turning, perfectly in sync. Dad shifted, pulling back slightly to look up at Sherlock. Their eyes met and they gazed at each other, almost coming to a halt. Dad reached up to trace Sherlock's cheek with his fingertips, and they smiled softly, drawing together for a tender kiss, then resuming their slow swaying.
Sherlock was about to turn away when something about the American made him linger a few moments more. It was the way he stood admiring the villa, a smile on his face. He removed his sunglasses, squinting against the light, and closed his eyes for a moment as if drinking in the sun. He looked… grateful.
“Now,” Sherlock continued, “imagine a box in front of you. You're going to step into each corner of the box. Step forward with your left foot,” Sherlock pulled John gently, “then your right foot goes sideways to the right, yes, then bring the left foot together with the right -- ow!”
Sherlock was propped up on his elbows watching John, his chest rising and falling, his expression a mixture of suspense and heated anticipation.
“Your – your hair,” Sherlock stammers from across the breakfast table. “It’s all…” Sherlock can’t find the right word so he makes a waving motion with his hand.
“I’ve missed you,” John murmurs huskily, dipping his mouth to Sherlock’s bare shoulder. His robe is slipping off, hanging askew.
Sherlock nodded wordlessly. He was more than alright; he was exactly where he wanted to be, with the person he wanted, finally answering a question that had long haunted him.
Resigned, he turned up his coat collar and began walking toward the nearest Underground entrance, dreading standing amongst the crush of damp humanity that would smell like wet wool and old boots.
He knew he should grateful to his parents for salvaging his academic career. Only their influence had prevented him from being expelled. At the moment, however, he felt very little gratitude.
Mrs. Hudson bustled off to the kitchen and John limped toward the fireplace, choosing to sit in the overstuffed chair covered with red fabric. He settled into the cushion with a grunt, glad to take the weight off his leg. He was surprised at how easily Mrs. Hudson was moving around the kitchen. Apparently she spent a good deal of time in the flat and knew just where the tea cups and kettle were.
“I used to go exploring when I was a child,” Sherlock explained. “I found the ruins one day and ran all the way back to show my father. He came back with me and we spent all afternoon looking around.”
“The suburbs,” I said, shorthand for Dad taking a job at the hospital, dropping me off at school when he could, teaching me how to ride a bike, cooking Christmas dinners with Aunt Harry. Yet he’d never completely given up parts of his old life.
The movie is forgotten, the world narrowed to eager lips and hot breath and sensitive skin, the leather upholstery groaning as they shift, snogging heavily, a tangle of limbs pressed into the corner of the sofa.
He turned and stalked to the door without waiting for Sherlock to reply. He focused on quickly descending the stairs, just wanting to get out onto the pavement again and walk away from this flat and all the memories roiling up in it.
John lightly kissed Sherlock's lips, his fingertips tracing down the heat of Sherlock's torso. Without breaking their gaze, he lowered himself to his knees, breathing in the muskiness and wisp of smoke that clung to Sherlock's skin. He gently grasped Sherlock's prick and guided the head to his mouth.
Happiness and horniness bubbled up in him as the kiss grew deeper and they staggered backwards, John pressing Sherlock against the full-length mirror. Sherlock groaned again as John sank his hips into him, rough denim against denim, an unmistakable hardness detectable beneath the thick cotton.
John shivered, marveling at the way Sherlock’s enormous hands easily spanned his back. He worked his palms under Sherlock’s wool jumper and thin T-shirt, finding skin, curving around his waist, slender and solid and hot to the touch.
“Very lucky,” Sherlock replied, placing his lips on John's cheek, moving slowly to kiss his temple, then his mouth.
John sank his fingertips into the mound of an arse cheek, biting down gently on Sherlock's bottom lip, releasing it with tug.
“I want to taste every inch of you,” he growled against John's neck. “From top --” a nip under his jaw, a squeeze of arse -- “to bottom.”
A wave of unexpected joy flowed over Sherlock. After all the years of invitations to visit, John had finally come. They had made no promises in London, parting on open-ended terms, no strings attached. When John was awarded the literary prize he had been nominated for, Sherlock had sent a warm note of congratulations, no pleas, no pressure.
His gaze moves to the small line of shiny pink skin at the inner corner of Sherlock's eyebrow, the tell-tale marks of the stitches that Molly removed yesterday. John had caused the cut there, blackened Sherlock's eye. Guilt stabs through him again, remembering a blur of white-hot anger, fists flying, lashing out, mindless with rage and grief, an unrecognizable animal consuming his body.
John. He puts his arms around John’s waist, tugging him closer, kissing him, water running over their torsos. What would it be like, he wonders, to be with John when he was completely invisible? It might be like being blindfolded, not knowing what was coming next.
A photograph could never quite capture all they had shared during the summer, but they would have a record to remember it by in the years to come, treasured images kept secretly among the pages of a book or a locked drawer in a desk.
He walks on, hunkered in his coat, feeling empty. He finally winds his way back to Baker Street, his face and ears stinging from the cold. He lets himself in and climbs the stairs, lost in his moody thoughts, too preoccupied to even switch on the lights.
“I have a few errands to run. When you're finished, meet me at the pub -- the Feather and Thorn. It’s the one on the corner by the bookshop. I’ll buy you a pint.”
A group of men entered the room, talking loudly, jostling and joking with each other. He tuned out the banter of the men, only lifting his head when he heard a familiar name.
“Excellent work,” Sherlock praised her offhandedly. He removed the lid of the box and sorted through a plaid shirt, lightweight jumper, and trousers. Nothing was left in the pockets. He pulled out a long grey scarf, running the soft wool through his fingers. A smile slowly curved up one corner of his mouth.
Sherlock stares at her over John's shoulder, transfixed, everything logical within him thrown into turmoil. She can't be real, and yet there she is, smirking like the cat who got the cream.
“Someone’s turning over a new leaf,” Mrs. Holmes commented approvingly, spearing a boiled potato sprinkled with butter and parsley.
Sherlock leans down and kisses John with more passion than a few buttons generally call for. John looks at him, surprised. “What was that for?”
John waits, content to watch the shadows flicker over Sherlock’s face and neck, his burgundy dressing gown thrown over a dove grey shirt, the top two buttons undone.
Much as he tried, he could not stop thinking about Sherlock. He had buried himself in chores, tried to focus on studying, and then, days ago, Sherlock had appeared in the back yard, shattering any notion of self-control.
I sit next to Sherlock in the back of the cab when we return to Baker Street after the press conference. It’s dark outside, Christmas lights sparkling in store windows and draped around trees, illuminating the cold night. A light dusting of snow covers fences and cars and bushes and bins, softening the hard edges of the city.
John stopped close beside him. Sherlock's legs felt weak, his breath still ragged when John cupped the nape of his neck and pulled him to his mouth. Straddling their bikes, they kissed, finally alone and away from prying eyes, wrapped in a dizzy tang of beer and warm, salty skin.
John shifted his weight to find a better position, momentarily distracted by the smear of ink on his palm. He quickly closed his fist, remembering what it was. But he was too slow -- Sherlock had seen it as well. Sherlock circled John’s wrist with his fingers, lifting it up to inspect the blurry numbers.
Hope bubbled up in John’s chest as they shared a slow smile, a fragile tendril of flirtation blooming between them. John picked up his glass and chimed it in a gentle toast against Sherlock’s, their fingers nearly touching.
He grits his teeth, forcing himself to contemplate the ridiculous. What if a ghost had slid the knife into the bookshelf so he’d find the photo album? What if a ghost had been in his room last night, communicating with him, touching him? And what if that ghost had been, in a past life, his lover?
The entree -- local lamb, new potatoes -- led to John's Army days, Sherlock’s past studies in chemistry.
“There’s no home to go back to. My mother passed away just over a year ago from a heart condition. Aunt Helen's gone, too. That just leaves my sister, and we don't get along.” John looked at his hands. “She wants to sell our parents’ house. I don't care. She can keep the money.”
How unlikely was it for the two of them to be here together on this mild summer night, to ever have met? He didn't believe in fate or destiny, but the odds of them finding each other in this tiny corner of the world were very slim. He didn't want to think about what would happen when the summer ended, when he returned to university and John shipped off for boot camp…
Sherlock moved his foot, sliding his toes over John’s, sending a secret message he hoped John would understand.
Sherlock really wanted the conversation to end. He glanced at his watch. “Must dash. Good luck.” He swept through the door and down the hallway without waiting for a response.
Besides, it was probably wise to have a little time to mull over what had transpired. They really ought to take the time to get to know each other better. Isn't that what people always said?
The air now smelled of soot, the temperature noticeably warmer compared to the countryside. One of the women fanned herself, and one gentlemen loosened his tie. John turned back to the window, eager to leave the stuffy train.
Sherlock looked forward to their time together, finding a quiet companionship in the arrangement. And, if he was honest, he liked stealing glances at John, watching him swim or read, noticing how his shoulder blades curved when he turned onto his stomach to sun his back.
“So -- “ John hesitated, not sure he should leap to wild conclusions. “That explains why there were no other footprints. It was an accident.”
Their legs brushed, and John held his breath. Sherlock lowered his head a fraction, sharing a flicker of a glance. John waited, his pulse loud in his ears, his gaze drifting to Sherlock's lips, wanting them to come closer. He would wait, he would wait… and he was rewarded.
John glanced at the screen and found he was looking at a candid snapshot of himself. Sherlock must have taken the photo of him wearing the ivory jumper on the sly this morning.
Then his eyes turn to the case wall, to the faces of victims and criminals, maps pushed-pinned with locations of bodies, lab reports of bullet fragments and toxic substances. He’s asked Sherlock not to display the most gruesome photos on the wall, so those are sequestered in the files on the desk -- crime scenes, blood splatter patterns, disfigured corpses.
Sherlock remained silent, his expression conflicted. Although John desperately wanted an answer, he knew he couldn't press the matter; he had just put the decision completely into Sherlock's hands.
John decided to take the opportunity to step away. “Think I'll go find something stronger to drink,” he quipped, then nodded a goodbye before wending back to the door.
John took a final few frames, then set the camera aside. He handed Sherlock a cup, slipped off his clothes, then joined him for breakfast in bed. They tore off chunks of dense, chewy bagels seasoned with salt, sipped the steaming dark roast. They teased, nudged shoulders, shared long glances.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “We’ll give it to Constable Dimmock. No need to mention Molly or going to the funeral home. I'll figure out what to say. Just follow my lead.”
I don’t know why Sherlock insists that I come along to these things. I suppose I’m useful as an assistant, holding on to coats and gift boxes and certificates. And as a translator, nudging him to be polite or replying to simple questions that he ignores.
John quickly swallowed another mouthful of beer, trying to wash away the image of Sherlock and the thief’s naked bodies, hard and sinewy, Sherlock’s long fingers tracing down the inky legs of the spider, memorizing every line as evidence.
His mind drifted back to Sherlock and the bittersweet afternoon they'd had -- the dance lesson, Mycroft’s interruption, the sharp exchange between the brothers. John had stayed clear of the Holmes’ residence the rest of the week, not wanting to cross paths with Mycroft again.
John goes outside, leaving behind his shoes and rolling up the hem of his trousers several inches. The salt air is bracing and the sand is warm on his bare feet. He soon catches up to Sherlock, who smiles in welcome.
John fell into bed, the ghostly imprint of the ring still whispering around his finger, but his hand felt lighter, free at last.
Sherlock dropped the scarf back into the box and replaced the lid. “Just a theory,” he answered vaguely.
Had he opened them, he would have known about Mary's death and John's injury. But what would he have done with that knowledge? How would it have changed anything?
They drift into silence again, and he fingers the softness of John's shirt. One of his knuckles unintentionally brushes John's nipple, and it hardens, visible through the white fabric. He pauses.
“I was just going to open a bottle of wine,” Sherlock eventually said. “Would you care for a glass?”
It is also, Sherlock has come to realize, a defense mechanism. Some part of John has been so hurt, so betrayed, that he is never going to allow anyone to completely consume him again. He needs to maintain his own independent life, control his own course. As much as it pains him, Sherlock understands this, too. After all, he caused much of that damage.
John has given up prying for details whenever Sherlock limps home with a wound, instead ensuring that he has a well-stocked first-aid kit on hand.
He played flawlessly, imbuing the piece with more emotion than he’d ever accessed before. It unnerved him, his hand shaking as he drew the bow down in its final stroke. He stood there, overwhelmed.
Sherlock’s fingers threaded through John’s hair as his lips moved lower, anointing his belly, grazing his navel and the fine line of dark hair that ran beneath it. Sherlock watched, mesmerized as John gathered his cock in his hand, flicking his eyes up in a sultry gaze as he guided the head to his lips.
Sherlock had shown me the fundamentals of picking locks and how to find the best dim sum in any large city, so I felt relatively prepared when I finally left home to face the world on my own.
John is used to living in two worlds at the same time. He pictures them like two circles in a Venn diagram. One is the public sphere -- his life with Olivia and Harry, the hospital and patients, homework and telly, the laundry and the shopping.
I still didn't understand their need for distance and secrecy, although I imagined Sherlock's rather public profile was one reason. Dad was an incredibly private person. It took him years to tell me about the bullet scar on his shoulder, the nightmares, the therapy. He rarely talked about the war.
Sherlock feels the corners of John’s mouth curve into a grin and he pulls back, worried that he’s done something wrong. He scans John’s face for derision, but finds nothing but deep blue eyes and a crooked, sultry smile that makes his blood sing.
He moved on, noting how quickly people walked, always in a hurry. Everyone seemed to be wearing black or grey; a rare bright colored coat stood out as a tourist.
My friends had already started at university. Emma was interested in psychology and Matthew was studying computer science. We had broken up before I left for India, so we didn't really stay in contact anymore. Sometimes I missed him, but we both had probably changed a lot during the last year, anyway.
John turns Sherlock by the hips to face the tile wall, pushing him forward with a gentle pressure on the back of his neck. Sherlock bends slightly at the waist, his forearms braced against the wall, his arse jutting out behind him. A glide of palm down his back tells him he’s standing just where John wants him.
Sherlock clutches at John’s back, moving his hips, drawing out the motion of their intimate counterpoint. John watches him, his eyes dark, absorbing Sherlock’s reactions, responding to his cues.
“What?” Before John could say another word, Anthea slid off the stool and sauntered over to the stranger.
He passed through Times Square, dazzled by the energetic crowd of people and languages and lights, giant electronic billboards shimmering and flashing. He felt a bit of culture shock -- the massive use of electricity and garish storefronts and obvious wealth such a contrast to the austerity of the country he'd just left.
“I might have a few gardening things for you to do, too. Thomas is taking some time to visit his new granddaughter.”
I pulled up to the garage and stepped out of the car. The first to greet me was Stamford, the Irish Setter. There was some special meaning about his name, but I never quite got the full story. I'd have to ask about that again.
His own days were a circle of classes, the laboratory, and his rooms, with the occasional foray into town to obtain certain necessities. He was still a loner, sometimes going days without uttering a word to anyone.
“Christ, did you spy on us?” John felt anger boiling up in his chest, stunned at Sherlock’s audacity. “How is this any of your business? Why are you even here?”
Sherlock’s heart is pounding but he staggers ahead, led by his emotions. “I know what my answer is,” he whispers, knowing he’s stealing John’s turn. He doesn’t care, there’s a window open and he’s got to squeeze through it before it’s too late, before he slams it shut himself and seals up the whole room. He has to do it now or never.
Sherlock quickly suppresses a smirk. “There were a few noises last night. Did you happen to hear anything?”
Sherlock looked at the spines of books tucked into the shelves, not really seeing them. “It's so far away,” he said quietly.
I hesitated a beat, trying to make the next words from my mouth sound casual. “Dad and Sherlock are best friends, so I guess that makes them soulmates.”
She pulled away and unlocked her door, sliding into the driver’s seat. “Oh, it’s so cold!” she shivered, laughing, turning on the engine.
I woke to Stamford whining and pawing at my side. I groaned and tried to ignore him, but he was insistent. He needed to go out. I groaned again and sat up groggily, then followed him down the stairs. I let him out the back door in the kitchen, yawning while I waited.
They lie close together, quiet, listening to the rain. Sherlock maps the scar on John’s shoulder with his fingers. His skin feels cool again, his body more transparent. He glances up at John, concerned.
“Just preparation. Chances are I’ll be sent to India, maybe somewhere in Africa.” John picked up a pen and toyed with it, trying to push back a wave of doubt. “Sometimes I wonder…” he started, then stopped.
A cloud of white smoke hung in the warm air as Sherlock carefully removed the cover of a hive. John watched as he gently lifted out a screen of some sort and examined it closely, then replaced it and lifted out the next. It was mesmerizing, his movements methodical yet graceful, his concentration unbroken by the occasional bee crawling over his hands or clinging to the netting so close to his face.
Grinning, they pried off their shoes and socks, stripped off their jackets and shirts, and shimmied out of their trousers and cotton drawers, leaving everything in two heaps on the dock.
“John,” he murmurs before he loses courage, his voice soft, his lips hesitating at the corner of John's mouth, “I love you, too.”
They eat, watching the sunlight fade. Cicadas drone and fireflies appear above the dewy grass, lazily blinking out their luminescent signals of seduction.
Sherlock blew across the top of his cup to cool the tea. “People do change. You should try it. Immediately.”
“Ah, God,” he gasped, gazing up through the dense branches, wanting to prolong the exquisite pleasure throbbing in his body. He felt it boil over, unable to hold back, coming hard and hot in John's throat.
“You’re not blogging about this,” Sherlock warns, rolling on top of John, pinning his hands above his head. “I don't like the unsolved ones.”
Their lips brushed again, gentle and unhurried, John's fingers tangling into Sherlock's damp hair. Lying back on the blanket, an indulgence of hands and mouths unfolded, clothes slipping off again, lips on skin, a caging of cocks between slow grinding hips, their bodies supple and bending like young willows, lean and strong.
He helps slide off Sherlock's black suit jacket, hangs it over another chair while Sherlock slips off his shoes. They lower onto the bed, nestle together, and both sigh heavily.
John reappears, his expression blissful. He cages Sherlock between his elbows, his mouth descending, claiming, then giving himself utterly in a grateful kiss. He rolls onto his side, avoiding any pressure on Sherlock’s chest. His form is still hazy, as if he doesn’t have the energy to sharpen his edges.
He'd just finished a double shift and was exhausted, heading straight to the shower after returning to Greg’s flat from the clinic. Greg was out, probably working late on a case.
God, how he wishes he could take it all back, undo all the damage they've caused each other. He should not have blamed Sherlock and shut him out. He should not have hurt him so viciously. Sherlock should not have ruined himself for John to save.
They smiled, imagining a different future for a moment, then Sherlock shifted his gaze to look up through the leaves. Staying was a fanciful notion, an impossibility, and a bit too dull, really. They both had far too much ambition. Still, it was a peaceful picture.
“Of course.” John licked his lips, finding the courage to say more. “I remember every detail of that summer. Every moment.”
Sherlock pushed his chair back and stood up. “Follow me in two minutes.” He walked away, heading toward the back of the pub.
A crooked smile breaks across John’s face. “I’m not going home with anyone else, you idiot.” He leans forward in his chair, puts a hand on Sherlock’s knee to steady himself as he gazes into Sherlock’s eyes. “Don’t you know that by now?”
They remained tangled together in an awkward embrace until it grew too uncomfortable. They shifted and Sherlock stood, gathering up his pyjamas and tying them into place. He vanished for a brief moment and returned with several folded canvas tarps. He arranged them on the floor, creating a makeshift bed. They nestled next to each other, hands resting on each other's legs.
John covered his mouth with his own, their tongues soon twining in counterpoint to the strokes of John’s hand. Sherlock's brain stopped. He was nothing but sky and grass and flesh, blood rushing to his groin, a moan escaping from the back of his throat.
Sherlock stared at John from his distant corner of the table, not sure which way he felt about him. Did he want to sleep with John, or simply
He let his mind wander back to the club, how he had surreptitiously watched John in the swimming pool, remembering the way his shoulder muscles flexed as he sliced through the water, the charged tension between them in the changing room, the near brush of their lips in the alley, desire driving him to defy caution and kiss him by the fireplace.
“Listen, there's something I wanted to tell you,” John continued after a moment. “I didn't want to just write it. I finally know where my unit’s being assigned.”
John nods, takes a seat in one of the armchairs in front of the grate. Sherlock soon joins him, and they both train their gazes on the fire, glasses in hand.
For a split second, the easy smile of the brown-haired young man on the bicycle flashed through his mind. People were drawn to someone like that, confident and good-looking. He bit at his thumbnail, suddenly curious to know who the stranger was.
John undoes the second button, his eyes tracing down the tendons in Sherlock’s long neck, coming to rest on the delicate skin lining the hollow of his throat. He pauses, toying with anticipation, relishing the way Sherlock’s posture is both languid and tense, filling the room with a low vibration of need.
“But only slightly less well known is this: if you happen to be running an television series that deals in mystery, horror, and suspense, NEVER build an episode of it around animal possession.”
in order to frame McFarlane. Who does that? Nobody rational. If you want revenge, what sense does it make to set up your scheme so that you die before you have a chance to enjoy it? Only for a character who’s basically a tossed salad of Anglo-antifeminist stereotypes could this plot ever pass muster. Because the only answer to the question, “If she hates her that much, why doesn’t she just
Bowen’s most inspired invention, though, was definitely the fight at the bank. I love everything about this. Holmes is up there on the balcony, effortlessly spinning out his story for the bank manager, and he looks back to Watson for backup as he so often has…and Watson’s not there. And Brett’s reaction to seeing Watson making a beeline for Green on the floor below is priceless. On the one hand, he has this look of absolute horror as he foresees the entire debacle about to unfold. And yet, there’s this fatalism about it even as he tries to stop him; because Holmes knows Watson’s gonna Watson and this impending disaster is in fact the Watsoniest thing Watson’s done in his whole life and what force on earth can stop him? This is basically everything he loves Watson for: his loyalty; his love for his friends; his willingness to put himself on the line for the people he cares about; his single-minded determination to do the right thing at all costs. Watson being Watson happens to be the worst thing that could happen at this particular moment. But part of that agonized expression on Holmes’s face is the pain of being torn between his knowledge of how disastrous this is and his affection for all the parts of Watson that are leading him to commit this blunder. This is all foreshadowed, in fact, in the opening scenes with the figurines, when Holmes picks up what appears to be a child’s building block, looks at it, and says, “Watson, you’re a brick.” Bricks are dense. They are, however, also sturdy, trusty, and to be relied upon; and you can’t build anything without them.
is completely accurate; but Jones doesn’t act that way at all once they’re actually on the stakeout, because someone has to help Holmes do the exposition about Moriarty and that person can’t be such an imbecile that he hasn’t heard of Moriarty or doesn’t believe in him. But it is cool to see “Duncan Ross,” who’s very funny in a very understated way in his interactions with Jabez Wilson, reporting to Moriarty sans wig and eyebrows and deadly serious. (I also just appreciate in a meta sense the fact that “Ross” complains about people using wigs and paint to cheat, because Granada Holmes does the same; there are so, so, so many really bad wigs on this show, to say nothing of whiskers and moustaches that are clearly stuck on with spirit gum.)
…though it’s hard to see what that was about, casewise, unless he just wanted a chance to go see a man about some sheep. Holmes’s irritation with his high-handed rich client is of course nothing new either ( “Scandal in Bohemia,” “Priory School,” etc.), but there are some nice little touches, like Holmes’s utter disgust for the vulgarly loud bell Ross uses to summon his servants:
I mean what is the thinking here? Holmes has his own trademark funny hat, so Watson needs one too? Or did everyone in Victorian London don fezzes for celebrations? Whatever the thought process was, I feel about this fez the way River Song felt about Eleven’s:
its soul-shattering intensity instead of having to be disappointed by the inevitable failure of its expression.
All this means, unfortunately, that we lose something I always thought was really cool about the original story, which is Holmes explaining to Watson how his preconceptions about Lady Brackenstall colored his perceptions and led him to misinterpret or dismiss evidence that went against the narrative. Where ACD canon Holmes is bothered, after he leaves, by a nagging feeling that something’s wrong with the evidence, the impression created in the adaptation is that he’s already concluded that the whole scenario is fishy and the question he’s really debating is not, did Lady Brackenstall collude in covering up the murder of her husband, but will he or won’t he let her get away with it. In the adaptation this is considerably compressed–he and Watson have the conversation about those three damn wine glasses, of which perhaps more later, but that’s all–and Holmes’s second visit to the scene is expanded to include the discovery of the episode’s
So in the adaptation, “Boscombe Valley” loses some of the canon story’s youthful exuberance; but it also gains some depth. In particular, I think, Hawkesworth uses this opportunity to give us a closer look at Holmes and Watson’s dynamics, and at the complexity of Holmes’s unofficial position.
as if he were a real person–had made up some fanon about Violet Hunter which, even at the time, annoyed me, and which I cannot look back upon now without being filled with rage. Isaac S. George, in 1949, wrote a piece for the BSJ titled “Violet the Hunter” in which he argued that the case itself was essentially a put-up job and that Violet’s real goal throughout is to seduce Holmes. As evidence, he cited Violet’s occasional references to her own remarkable qualities (her “artistic” hair, her “naturally observant” personality), which she obviously could ONLY be pointing out in a brazen attempt to attract him, the winsomely beseeching tone of her telegram (”Do come!”), the fact that she smiles at him, and the fact that Holmes’s actual participation in this case is unusually peripheral. This theory became so popular in the boys’ club that used to be the official fandom that she became widely known as Violet the Hunter. In other words, as with Irene Adler, the boys could only explain the presence of a compelling and independent female character within an ACD story by turning her into a love interest. But this move is extra cruel in Violet’s case, because so much of the satisfaction the “Violet the Hunter” crowd derives from this fanon comes from the one-sidedness of VIolet’s crush and the implied humiliation of her failure as seductress. Irene Adler at least lives on in Holmes’s memory. Poor Violet fades immediately: according to Watson, Holmes “manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems.”
, which was turned into quite a number of film adaptations, people mostly weren’t interested in dramatizing Doyle’s actual stories. It’s easy enough to see why; the short stories are often so compressed that it’s hard to see how you’d get a full-length film or even an hour-long episode out of them, the plotting is often sort of shoddy, and the preoccupations of late Victorians didn’t necessarily match up with those of twentieth-century viewers.
For Young Plaidder, the big loss after “The Final Problem” was not Holmes–who everyone always knows now is coming back–but Watson. When the series resumed after the hiatus, Burke was unavailable, and Edward Hardwicke was cast as Watson. I don’t yet know how Brett handled the transition; but Young Plaidder could not. I am loyal by nature, and once I get attached to an actor, I find it hard to let go.
And then there’s Bowen’s sexualization of Sarah Cushing, which goes beyond what’s in the original story and which is used to transfer the responsibility for Mary’s death from her actual killer to the woman who somehow made him do it. In the canon story, after all, we only have Browder’s word for it that Sarah was responsible for turning Mary against him. Even if that’s how Browder sees it, that’s no guarantee that it’s true; and in any case, by blaming Sarah for the breakup of their marriage, Browder is not only shifting the blame away from himself but denying Mary’s agency–which is just a preview of the way Browder violently cancels Mary’s agency forever by killing her. His own description of the murders, while it tries to create the impression that it happened in an uncontrollable and consciousness-threatening burst of rage, also shows that he was absolutely not acting on impulse; he spends a LONG time following them, has to make several active decisions to *keep* following them, and has plenty of time to think better of it and go home. The fact that he appears to have regretted the murders immediately doesn’t mean he didn’t consciously intend them. Browder himself thinks he should hang, and the canon story agrees. Bowen, on the other hand, seems to think that his killing of Mary was in some way excusable, and scripts a final encounter in the jail cell with the ghost of Mary which I found extremely squirmy, which appears to have been intended as an opportunity for Browder to show us how much he ‘really loves’ her.
This comes right after Mrs. St. Clair hands a small coin to a child who’s standing outside a pub next to an adult wearing a placard reading “DESTITUTE.” The girl immediately runs into the pub, at which point the doors open and a flood of ragged, dirty children comes forth, all asking for money:
This is the best Holmes novel Doyle ever wrote, containing some wonderful writing for both Holmes and Watson, and it comes with enough atmosphere to fill out a whole fleet of horror movies. If they had scheduled this one for, say, the winter of 1985, between the first and second series of the
episode than a typical Granada adaptation. The characters and the main events of the plot are preserved, but integrated into a very different and more modern kind of story. And I have to say that until we get to the graveside drama, I was totally on board with this. It’s a shame to lose the Turkish bath conversation; but although it’s slightly hokey, Holmes’s sinister play with the figurines is compelling in a different way. After the lethargy of HOB, it’s such a relief to see Holmes snapping into action, yelling for Mrs. Hudson, firing off his telegram, and setting the whole beehive a-buzzing. Watson gets genuinely invested in Lady Frances and makes us genuinely care about her. (This also raises the possibility that Holmes goes out there at least partly because he’s worried Watson may be a little TOO into her, but I’m not going to go down that road at this time.) Including the Earl as a character was a fantastic decision; it gives us a chance to see who Frances is and what she’s been fighting all her life, AND it gives us another chance to watch Holmes school an asshole aristocrat, which he does beautifully.
Is that a…wind-up…oh please tell me that is not some kind of hideously embarrassing Victorian wind-up monkey toy…
And so I love the ending of this episode, with Watson eagerly showing off his new decoding skills, Martin listening attentively, and Holmes being snarky to himself and yet also proud of how well his protege is doing with the explanation. But the best moment is after Martin’s gone and Watson asks Holmes what he put in his note to Abe Slaney. “Read it yourself,” Holmes says, and tosses the note to him. Watson looks at it, parses the words sort of slowly, and then just looks up and says, with that smile again, “Come here at once.” Holmes smiles back. “How absurdly simple.” And sadly, they cut away just before they leap into each other’s arms. Well, all right, I don’t KNOW that. But I do know that from start to finish, this has been about showing us that Watson has the intellectual capacity to become a real partner to Holmes–in the business sense, of course. And that was, at the time, a major change in his characterization; and you can see the consequences in any modern adaptation you look at.
Let me say up front that although it has some cultural and historical interest, as a story I’ve never liked “The Crooked Man” much. Like “The Engineer’s Thumb” and “The Five Orange Pips,” “The Crooked Man” seems to be just using Holmes’s investigation as an excuse to tell a sensational story about something else. “The Crooked Man” is mostly told rather than shown; Holmes has already done almost all the investigation before he drops by Watson’s place to ask if he wants to be in at the kill, and a few paragraphs later they’ve found Harry Wood and he then launches into his own narrative. Watson does almost nothing, and the investigation is rendered completely irrelevant after the coroner determines that Barclay died of apoplexy. If I’d been running the series, I personally would have left this one alone.
See…I videotaped these–YES! I TAPED these episodes as they were broadcast on PBS, using a VCR, so that I could watch them later, because that was THE ONLY WAY TO DO THAT at the time–and I watched them kind of a lot. These opening credits were my friends. “Natasha Richardson,” I would say, in the days long before IMDB was thought of. “Wonder if she’s related to Miranda Richardson. Well, she was good, anyway.”
Once they get back to 221B, things get more serious as their perspectives start to diverge. The way Holmes leads Ryder into his little trap once they get indoors is really a little bit scary. I mean if anyone ever asks you to draw your chair up to the fire in the tone of voice Jeremy Brett uses at that moment, RUN AWAY. He’s obviously furious with Ryder over the way he’s framed Horner— he looked like he was ignoring Watson’s recitation of the newspaper article, but now suddenly Holmes has total recall of all the details—but at first, it’s cold anger, wrapped in a velvety soft voice that almost makes it seem inviting. Watson pretty much drops out of the action, watching Holmes reduce Ryder to a quivering jelly, and then looking on aghast as Holmes lets him go. When Watson says he’s “surprised,” and Holmes snaps back at him, the emotions on both sides are all of a sudden intense and antagonistic. You see, for a moment, how deep the divisions go. Watson didn’t approve of letting Joseph Harrison go in “Naval Treaty” either. In this case, there really are no extenuating circumstances, and Holmes isn’t protecting anyone; one can only assume that he really does hate prisons and doesn’t want to put someone who’s not already violent into one. Watson, who speaks of his Army years as if they were the best time of his life, can’t see Britain and its institutions the same way Holmes does. But just as it looks like this might turn into an argument, the bells ring, and it’s Christmas.
What happens to Lady Frances at the end of this episode is truly awful. The woman who ran herself into all this danger by holding on fiercely to her independence is now apparently so damaged by the chloroform and suffocation that she can no longer speak or walk without assistance. Instead, she’s a dependent, apparently in the sole care of Green–the man she was trying to get away from when she first “disappeared.” Watson is characteristically looking on the bright side, saying there’s “every hope for a full recovery,” but Holmes is not encouraged. He sees this case as a failure, and he’s right. They’ve saved her life; but Lady Frances, *as* Lady Frances, appears to have disappeared forever. And yet, there’s really nothing he could have done. The deck was always stacked against Holmes, and against poor Lady Frances–because she has too much autonomy, and yet at the same time not enough. She’s smart enough and strong enough to resist all the pressure and live her own life; and yet she’s also been made, somewhat arbitrarily, gullible enough to fall for Peters’s act. In most of the earlier stories about male predators, the predator is working without the victim’s knowledge or consent. Here and in “Illustrious Client,” Holmes and Watson can’t respect the victim’s desires, because what the victim desires is her own destruction. Holmes and Watson are pretty good players by now, but you can’t beat the house.
Now, some of this is slightly mitigated when Neville is finally unmasked (I’m coming to that in a minute) and he tells the story of what really happened. In that sequence, at least, “the Lascar” is shown to be acting out of loyalty to him rather than out of cruelty to Mrs. St. Clair, and gets to be non-menacing and articulate for a couple minutes. But overall, not only does the scent of Orientalism remain strong, it pervades the whole production. I must say in all fairness that the adapter here is only following the Everything Should Come From Canon rule, because as Milligan argues, Holmes is described in “Twisted Lip” in very orientalizing terms, especially as he sits up all night smoking tobacco and dreaming his dreams. But I don’t know if it was really necessary to do the whole Buddha/enlightenment thing:
When I saw “Twisted Lip” was up next, my first thought was: Do I have to? Do I really? To call the canon story ‘problematic’ would be an understatement; it is a festival of late Victorian prejudices. How, if your brand is being faithful to canon, are you going to take a plot which combines Orientalism, racism, and classism with contempt for the disabled and the poor and make a silk purse out of that sow’s ear?
"This is one of those occasions," said Holmes, "when I take no pleasure in being proved right. Surely you know that."
To the extent that this prevents them from replicating Doyle’s fascination with phrenology and giving Beppo the “simian” muzzle that is supposed to indicate his status as a subhuman congenital criminal, I am grateful. (So much Lombroso in ACD canon. SO. MUCH.) Unfortunately this also means we get to watch Lucretia’s brother, Pietro, spend a solid minute screaming at Lucretia about what a whore she is and how she’s dishonoring the family, while smacking her in the head, right before he runs outside to go on a violent spree which ends with him getting into a knife fight with Beppo. All of this dialogue is in Italian, by the way, and none of it’s subtitled–at least not in the digital version I was watching. However, I kind of speak Opera Italian, and that’s really all you need to get the gist–since Italian opera librettos will teach you most of the more common words for “love,” “dishonor,” “vengeance,” “you whore,” and “I’ll kill him.”
I will call it first relative to the story as written; and then I will talk about how the Granada adaptation does full justice to both Violet Hunter’s extraordinariness and Holmes and Watson’s respect for her.
, caught up in yet another entailment plot, dispossessed by yet another asshole cousin, and this time NOT go gently into that genteel poverty. Holmes low-key ragging Watson about his attraction to her is sort of endearing– “You’ve already had your head turned, I’d better make sure you don’t break your neck”–and of course this is a great story for Mrs. Hudson, finally just straight up says to him, “You are the worst tenant in the whole of London.” If this were the first episode of this show that you watched, you wouldn’t tune in for a second. But as it is…in this episode, the show does more or less succeed in carrying him. Thank heavens for small mercies. I don’t expect it will last.
I pushed a parcel of Christmas crackers aside and sat down slowly on the settee. I tore open the envelope and drew out the folded sheets within. I transcribe the text of the covering letter below.
. And mostly, I haven’t really had much occasion to do comparisons, except when it came to “Empty House.” Nevertheless, while this review is going to focus mainly on the Granada episode and the adaptation–especially the way Jeremy Paul, who also adapted “Speckled Band” and “Naval Treaty” for Granada, manages to make a compelling hour of television out of a story I’ve never had any time for–I am going to talk about the profound influence that I believe this specific episode had, not only on
Brett and Burke’s teamwork in this episode is outstanding, and that is probably what I’m going to spend most of my time talking about. But there are some very odd things about “The Blue Carbuncle” as a story that this adaptation doesn’t iron out—most of them relating directly to the blue carbuncle itself.
It’s striking how Watson’s final comment on Holmes as a “benefactor of the race” works just as well as an introduction to his character for new readers as it does as a kind of summation of Holmes just before his death. Holmes discharges his benefactor function in several ways in this episode, the main one being extorting money out of the asshole banker for both himself and Watson and for Jabez Wilson, whose pawnshop gets destroyed during the melee. Brett’s performance has so much flash and sparkle and surface variation; but the foundation’s always the same. And it reminds us in advance of what we’re about to lose.
In Bowen’s adaptation, Watson is still kind of an idiot; but he’s not stupid. When Watson fucks up in this story–and he does, epically, at the bank–it’s because he’s trying to protect his friend, and directly confronting Green is the only way he can see of doing it. Unlike the canon story, Bowen’s script gives Watson excellent reasons to believe that Green is the abductor. Not only does Watson probably have flashbacks to Carruthers every time he looks at the guy, but he has seen how Lady Frances reacts to him. He knows she wants him to stay away and that he refuses to do so. He recognizes Green, in other words, as the stalker that he is; and it is completely reasonable for him to infer on that basis that Green is the villain of the piece.
But no, I don’t actually, because my point is that Brett’s Holmes is haptic, and that’s one of the main things that makes his performance compelling. This is one of the things Brett pulled out of the stories that earlier interpreters had failed to bring to life. Watson always seems to be paying attention to Holmes’s hands, which are active and eloquent and sensitive and, at moments of great intensity, not infrequently fastened suddenly to some part of Watson’s person. Haptic people make good violinists. Brett does not spend a lot of time holding a violin–I’m assuming he didn’t play or wasn’t comfortable with it for some reason–so he brings it through at every possible other opportunity. I mean even when he’s diving for that stolen document in “Second Stain,” watch the hands:
birthday is a pretty wild ride, and I won’t spoil it for anyone who hasn’t read this novel. Suffice it to say that the jewel and its curse give Collins a means of working through some very interesting questions about responsibility and guilt, especially as relates to the British colonization of India and the aristocracy’s treatment of the ‘lower’ classes, as well as some delightful occasions for skewering Victorian morality.
Continuing the Granada Holmes rewatch, we move to one of my favorites: “The Dancing Men.” This is one of the classic Holmes stories, and the best one about Holmes as code-breaker. It presents some challenges to the would-be adapter, because so much of the story is about Holmes solving the code, and it’s very difficult to dramatize that. But Anthony Skene, who wrote the teleplay, was an experienced hand at the mystery adaptation, and he does two really smart things here, one of which would have a major impact on adaptations to come. One, he spends a lot of time fleshing out the tragic story of Hilton Cubitt and his wife Elsie, showing her panic and deterioration and his (always almost-repressed, of course) emotional turmoil as the screw turns and the situation goes from bad to worse. Two, he turns this into a story about Holmes and Watson teaching each other. This hammers some nails in the coffins of the two biggest adaptation cliches that the Granada people were trying to kill: Unemotional Holmes and Stupid Watson.
In general, the grotesquerie that Doyle attached to the cook is developed by Hammond in relationship to Murillo/Henderson, who doesn’t really appear in the canon story. Senora Durango, once she revives, speaks of the “rivers of blood” shed by Murillo in San Pedro, and Hammond seems to have taken that as his text; Murillo wears red jewelry and sees visitors in a red throne room which doubles as a theater for his devilish torture rituals:
them. A concentrated point of beauty and brilliance, misprized by a dull-witted world that values only what it can multiply."
Combat, also, does not appear to have been a strength of the Granada team. The boxing scene in “Solitary Cyclist” is really the only point at which I’ve ever fully believed in Brett’s fight scenes. The new Fight on the Ledge makes it look as if “baritsu” is the Japanese art of kneeing your opponent in the nuts and then pushing him over while he’s screaming. It’s also unfathomable to me why anyone asked or allowed Brett to let out a giant “YAAAAAAAA!” while he pounces on Moran.
…oh my God. It’s a monkey in Eastern Garb smoking a hookah and sitting on a music box that plays a tinkly little version of the title music. All right, we’ve seen it now, can it please go away…
But to me the most important thing this episode offers is an image of human perseverance in the face of the inevitable. I know some fans argue that they should have stopped making the series after “Case Book.” I can see merit to that position. What’s on record in “Three Gables” is not a great performance or a masterful dramatization of a classic Sherlock Holmes story. But it is a record of someone living through the shitstorm that is human mortality, just trying to get the best out of the body that you have and the time you’re given, trying to hold onto as much life as you can while you’re dying. Maybe you have to be who I am and where I am right now to value that. But I find that I do; and I’m grateful for that.
Casting Jude Law as the stable lad who dresses up as Lady Beatrice makes this an entirely different kind of drag act. Joe the stable lad is really rather beautiful here; and in the next scene, when Holmes is getting Sir Robert to fess up, Joe’s crying in the background while Carrie comforts him. During one of the flashback scenes from Sir Robert’s confession, we see Robert sitting in the crypt, crying over Beatrice’s coffin. Joe is behind him, and puts a hand on his shoulder gently for a few moments before finally withdrawing it.
The difference between the boyfriend as he had been presenting to her (and us) and the boyfriend revealed in those journal entries was STARTLING. He wrote about her personally in shockingly demeaning terms; but I think what definitively ended it for V was his description of participating in an especially vile form of sex tourism. And honestly, you would never have known from interacting with him. From what I hear from straight women, this is not uncommon. Evidently a lot of men learn how to simulate a personality in order to attract women they want to sleep with, inhabiting it so effortlessly that it can take a long time for the target to find out what he’s really like.
Anyway. My point is that ending with that scene on the ice, and Holmes’s final speech, is a fitting conclusion for the series in many ways. It gives Brett the last words, which is only right. It speaks to Brett’s own suffering, which the show has become unable to conceal from the viewer, and our anger with a world in which one person can get through life healthy and happy and another has to struggle every day, a world full of arbitrary distinctions made according to no reason any of us can understand. And it gives us a final moment with the Great Partnership, together again and for always, balanced there on the thin ice separating right and reason from the abyss below. Goodbye, Granada Holmes. I’ll miss you.
this rewatch has been kind of a masochistic exercise. “The Cardboard Box” is definitely not one of Granada’s better episodes. But as show finales go…well, I’m an
So my hypothesis is that Doyle picked out the gravesite first and then had to figure out how to get Holmes and Moriarty to it, and that explains Holmes’s apparently boneheaded decision to ‘escape’ Moriarty by eloping with Watson. But of course this is useless as fanon. Fandom’s ultimately goal, really, is to bury the author, because the impossible desire driving fandom is always to make the imaginary real. An ill-concealed authorial intervention like the continental holiday is obnoxious to fans because it reminds us that our favorite character is an artificial construct. So one of the earliest fan theories formulated was that the whole trip was an elaborate attempt on Holmes’s part to assassinate
Thus transformed, “The Cardboard Box” acquires a kind of twisted irony that seems very modern to me, and very different from the canon story. Rereading “Cardboard Box,” I was surprised at how much I liked it. I thought maybe this was one of those adult-perspective-changes-things moments; but then I recalled that I must have liked it before, too, because “
It seems to me, from the context the adaptation gives it, that this speech becomes less about providence than about love. Because one thing Holmes has definitely noticed is that Percy gets a lot of love, and that it’s expressed through touch. The first thing Watson does when he walks in is go over to Percy and take his hand in both of his own. When Percy gets overexcited and has an attack, Annie and Watson work together to get him his medicine, and the camera focuses on Watson’s hands as he supports Percy’s head and administers the dose. Right before Holmes goes to his mark for what’s eventually going to be the start of the rose speech, there’s a reaction shot of him watching Percy holding Annie’s hand and kissing it in gratitude. And then he goes over and–uncharacteristically, Doyle tells us–starts handling a rose.
all this information is committing it to paper. Up to the late nineteenth century, writing has largely been a very concrete and material process in which a unique human body wrestles with a collection of unique objects. The intimacy thus enforced between writer and text is something exploited again and again by Holmes, who realizes how many traces the material text retains of the person who composed it. But in the 1890s, that intimacy is already under threat. New technologies have developed for transferring information to paper. The typewriter is coming into vogue (see “A Case of Identity”), and the telegraph has for the first time allowed for text composed in one location to appear almost instantaneously a different location.
’s take on this is, characteristically, freakier). This means visual parallels between Moriarty and Sherlock are an adaptation cliche (again,
If you think about it from the point of view of the investigation, though, what happens is that Holmes blows his own cover after being on the job for all of five minutes. He’s evidently too involved in getting the dirt from the bartender to pay attention to his surroundings, and doesn’t realize one of the subjects he’s investigating is actually in the pub with him, listening to him ask questions about him. Holmes can’t go back to that pub now, and he’s never going to get any more information about the situation or the people involved than he already has. The only new piece of information he’s discovered is that Woodley is staying with Williamson at Charlington Hall on the weekends. He still doesn’t know who the cyclist is–or at least he doesn’t know any more than he did before he went down there–and he’s not in a position where he can take action to protect Violet. In other words, as much as he enjoyed pasting Woodley, as a detective, Holmes has also done remarkably badly.
Another bit of good adapting is the explanation of the body in the fire. This fixes a problem with canon–I know they didn’t have forensic anthropologists back then, but could Scotland Yard REALLY have been faked out “with a dead dog or rabbits”?–with something suggested but never followed up in canon. When he’s trying to come up with an alternative theory that would explain Lestrade’s evidence, he says, well, suppose a tramp was passing by, saw what was going on, snuck in thinking he could steal something valuable, and then brained Oldacre. This isn’t much of a theory in canon, but Harris turns it into its own little B-plot by giving the tramp an identity and making him Oldacre’s victim instead of his murderer. This allows Holmes to do one of the disguise things he loves so much; and it also actually verifies
What I love about this is how quickly both of these actors establish the depth of the relationship. Watson’s reaction to the sight of the syringe is so intense and so immediate that you know this has been source of conflict for them for a long time. Holmes reacts in what he knows will be a maddeningly understated way. As the conversation develops, we realize that there are other layers to this. Watson is angry partly because he’s coming home from a long trip and instead of getting to just settle in and enjoy being warm and dry and cozy, they have to have THIS argument again. The running gag started in this episode about Watson’s appetite–he’s always hungry, and Holmes never is, and it seems like at all times Watson is devoting significant bandwidth to ensuring his own access to food–stands in for a more poignant disappointment: coming home to Holmes is never as comforting as Watson wants it to be. There are always the “moods” to deal with–moods which, it appears, are partly Holmes’s way of getting back at Watson for leaving him in the first place. Holmes even implies, at the end of this confrontation, that he left the syringe visible on purpose: “You my close that drawer. You have made the wrong diagnosis, Doctor! This is my stimulant.” And he hands him the King of Bohemia’s letter.
* Snakes don’t have external ears. We used to think that meant snakes couldn’t hear, but it turns out they can. However, according to this interesting explanation of how scientists figured out how snakes can hear,
There are some Sherlock Holmes stories that are classics. There are some that have major problems but continue to endear themselves to the public. There are some in which one tiny nugget of gold is buried in a vast swamp of tedium. And then there are some that need to just be left in the battered tin dispatch box of Doyle’s craziness. “The Creeping Man” is one of those. It is true that, during the early decades of the twentieth century,
With a heavy heart, I turned to Sutherland's report. It was indeed quite professional. It informed me that through the society papers Sutherland had traced Sir George Burnville's movements back to the fateful night last winter when Miss Mary Holder helped that scoundrel steal the the beryl coronet. Sutherland had methodically visited the scenes of Burnville's old debauches and past revelries, inquiring in her unobtrusive way about the company he had been seen to keep. She learned that Miss Mary Holder had indeed flown with Sir George Burnville after the missing beryls were recovered--at first, to the Riviera, where for a month she no doubt enjoyed all the glittering pleasures available to the mistress of a debased rogue who suddenly finds himself with three thousand pounds of someone else's money in his pocket. Upon returning to London, Miss Mary Holder was passed--let that word draw a veil over the loathsome details of a loathsome transaction--to a gentleman friend of Sir George Burnville's, and then to another. Then, finally, to a woman who offered Miss Holder room and board--and, inevitably, the only employment available to a young and pretty woman with no money, no character, no connections, and no family.
So Watson’s quite aware of how he’s been played; and he makes his peace with it. And this is just one of those wonderful nuances that get into the Holmes/Watson relationship over the course of the Granada series. Holmes’s line about the fresh air killing him–which is not in the canon story–is consistent with Holmes’s canon characterization (ACD canon Holmes, as I have observed, loves London pollution and hates country air). But it also continues a little sub-narrative about Holmes, Watson, and holidays that they’ve been developing since “Musgrave Ritual.”
At some point during all this, Holmes indicates a box of cigars, and says, “you see, I was not unmindful of your return.” The way Brett does that, melancholy with just a touch of petulance, just says so much. He knows Watson wants something from him he’s not providing; he’s pained at being unable to provide it; he provides instead what he can, which is the box of cigars and the chance of another adventure. And at least for right now, it’s enough. Look at Watson’s face in that image up top. Holmes has just told him that he’s going to need Watson’s help for this dangerous mission; and Watson literally sits up straighter in his chair, all eagerness and attention. He’s so proud that Holmes wants him. After reading the King’s letter, Watson says, rather sadly, that the client clearly won’t want him around and he should go, and Holmes tells him, very clearly: no. I need you. Stay. Well, actually, what he says is, “I am lost without my Boswell.” They give you a nice closeup on Brett’s face as he says it, and it just makes your heart go AAAAAAH!!!
So basically, this episode shows you the best and the worst of Granada. The final scene with them smoking in 221B in their honest to God smoking jackets is quite heartwarming; Holmes is still training Watson without Watson realizing it, and it’s very sweet. But the flashbacks never quite deliver the reality effect that would really allow us to feel for Henry Wood and his undeniably tragic story. Ah well. On to THE SPECKLED BAND!
by what Lestrade is saying to him, he is on the verge of tears. And yes, as Doyle says, this is Holmes showing that he can in fact be emotionally affected by the “praise of an old friend.” But this is also Holmes caught between conflicting emotions as he listens to this praise
"Your readers will think I pocketed that bauble, and deprived Peterson of the reward he is currently enjoying--"
what he did to Watson by deceiving him. His experience of those three years was completely different from Watson’s. For Holmes, those years were about cheating death: staying one step ahead of the assassins until he could come back home and shut them down for good. For Watson, the same years were about accepting Holmes’s death and learning to live with it. As much fun as they’ve been having since “Empty House,” they’re still far apart in ways they don’t want to talk about.
. This is the same police force, remember, that since 1885 has been empowered by the Criminal Law Amendment Act to arrest any man they catch having really any kind of erotic contact with any other man. What you see there is the heartbreaking ambivalence of the outsider who sees himself being recognized and validated by the insider. It’s never occurred to him that his relationship with the “official” detectives could ever be anything but antagonistic. It’s never occurred to him that Lestrade might genuinely appreciate Holmes and his “theories”–that Lestrade, after years of scoffing at Holmes and his methods and yet profiting off them all the same, should tell Holmes to be
It must have been a huge relief to him. That, and the fact that since Holmes is faking it, it wasn’t going to matter if he got it right. The more exaggerated and over the top things got, the better it would be.
God, if Lord Bellinger and Trelawney Hope–or Sherlock Holmes, for that matter–could have known that one day there would be such a thing as Donald Trump’s Twitter account, it would have killed them all. But they didn’t know how good they had it; and so they were very, very, very anxious about all their sensitive documents. The late Victorians were living in an information age too; but everything had to be done on paper. That would perhaps explain all the blackmailing that seems to get done in Doyle’s stories; if every time you want to make a date with your secret lover you have to send him something in writing, using a servant as intermediary, the odds are good that at some point you’re going to be in Milverton’s office trying to buy the fucking thing back. And obviously, paper is a big part of Doyle’s imagination of international intrigue. After all, if they’re that worried about the damn letter, Hope et al. could have burned it. But no, they saved it thinking they could get some use out of it in some future diplomatic crisis; and now it’s disappeared, and they’re fucked.
You know, these moments are fleeting and you can’t hold them long. But it’s nice to know that even in 2017, you can still feel the joy they captured on this day over 30 years ago, when Brett and Hardwicke were still alive and kicking, and it was always 1895.
Most of what happens after this is Holmes walking Watson through the evidence and the deductions; but the main thing he wants to hear from Watson is what to do about the fact that the murderer is a dying man–and also the father of the very girl who has been pleading with them so earnestly to find the real killer. When he hears Turner’s story, and about how McCarthy had been blackmailing him for years, Holmes makes the decision to try to shield McCarthy. We don’t find out much about how Watson reacts to any of this; but we do get Holmes’s commentary on it:
"sebastian," sherlock gave as a curt response. "i take it you didn't just silently sit in his office the entire time, he isn't the person to do that," he continued.
eventually john cleared his throat and sherlock knew that that meant that he had decided it was time to confront whatever was on his mind. "he told me about your time at school," john stated and took a sip of his tea.
taking both cups with him he went over to the couch, handing john his cup before sitting down next to him. they both drank a few sips of their respective cups, the quiet noises from the tv the only thing that provided some distraction, though both men's attentions lay elsewhere.
"i don't assume, john, i know. your laptop changed position but is also entirely cooled off, the thing is old, takes ages to get back to this level of coldness so you used it at least a few hours ago. your jacket is cold, you put it there a considerable while ago, and you wouldn't go out without a jacket in this weather so you were at home. the tea you left for me-"
he recalled their conversation from that case, one of the first ones they had solved together, or rather that sherlock had solved during his friendship with john. in that brief exchange of words the bank employee had mentioned that he had in fact attended the same university as sherlock and john cleared his throat. "so, you and sherlock went to school together?" he inquired, trying to break the tense silence even if it was a rather weak attempt at it.
"who says he told me anything, i wasn't in his office for that long," john shot back and leaned against the couch cushions, wondering how long he'd be able to play this game. exactly until now, it turned out a few minutes later.
retrieving some clean clothes from his bedroom he then headed into the adjacent bathroom. nowadays he didn't use the bedroom a lot anymore, more often than not opting to sleep in john's bedroom with the other man instead. the only times he still used his bedroom for actually sleeping was when the two had had an argument or sherlock returned home at such a ridiculously late hour that he didn't feel like possibly waking john while slipping into bed.
"oh," sherlock responded simply and once again took the excuse of focusing his attention on the now whistling kettle. "tea?" he asked, already taking out two cups before john had responded with "yes please" and filling them both with a routinely ease.
when sherlock returned to the flat after providing scotland yard with the solution to the case he found the living room empty. hanging his coat next to john's jacket he considered that the other should at least be home, the fresh cup in the sink and the changed position of the laptop supporting that claim.
"yes, he tends to do that sometimes," john agreed, really only to have something to say at all. he felt like he was hearing things not meant for his ears. the last time they had spoken, sherlock had stopped sebastian before he could mention any details, but now with him not present, john felt like he might just hear a lot more of the things that sherlock would rather not have him know about.
You’re early, he said as he opened the door. John stepped in to a nice apartment full off clutter. Every open surface was full of papers and books. Sherlock’s laptop balanced on the armrest of a sofa. At a small table at the door lay a violin.
- If we didn’t live together, I would ask you if you want to come up for tea. John smiled at Sherlock who looked a bit concerned.
- When our father died a couple of weeks ago, I and Maggie inherited all our fathers’ belongings. We were about to do an inventory and that’s when we noticed the theft. John was surprised that it was Mr Bryce that spook for the siblings. He looked uncomfortable, almost shy.
- Any box will do. I haven’t gotten to the films yet but it seems that the bank saves records of visits to the safe deposit boxes for five years but I only asked for the last year’s records. They only save the films for six months. See if you can find Mr Bryce name somewhere or if anything else looks suspicious.  John sighed at the sheer boredom of the task, but he opened a box and put some papers in front of him and started to read. There was nothing else to it. Most of the papers where logs from the door to the safe deposit room. Every client had a personal security card to access the room. John eyed the list after Mr Bryce or his children but didn’t find much. He sensed Sherlock had as much luck. He had started pacing the room. After two hours of reading John could tell that Mr Bryce didn’t acess his deposit box that often, and that it looked like he hadn’t visited it for the last six months of his life. To get a break, he told Sherlock he needed to do some shopping. He was roaming the isles of tesco's, not wanting to go home too soon. He got a text from Sherlock when he had finally finished his shopping and was heading home “I got an idea, going out” was the message. “Don’t forget dinner tonight” John replied but he didn’t get an answer. But on hour before they needed to leave for the dinner party Sherlock returned. He didn’t say a word to John, just disappeared into his room. He emerged forty minutes later dressed in a black suit and red shirt. His face looked like he was going to his execution. Without saying a word, he took his coat and opened the door. He left it open for John as he descended the stairs. John himself wasn’t particularly looking forward to the evening, and it would be even more dull if Sherlock was sulking the whole time.
- Could you explain to me why we are visiting Mrs Gordon's childhood friend? Sherlock was about to step out of the elevator but he stopped and turned around.
“It’s quite easy really John. I love you, you don’t love me and I… well I guess you could call it heartbroken”  All Sherlock's energy went into standing there, speaking in a calm voice. Most of all he wanted to flee, he could feel the muscles in his legs twitching. But the words were out there now. He needed to endure just a bit longer and then this conversation would be over. Maybe his friendship with John as well. If he stayed there was hope he could convince John that his feelings were nothing important and that they could continue as before. If he left now and left John alone to ponder, he would most definitely come to his own and wrongful conclusions that Sherlock being in love with John meant that they couldn’t be friends or colleagues.
“I don’t know!” John was screaming now. He flung out his arms and fell down into his armchair. Raising his hands to cover his face.
“I took your pulse, that day. When you… When you jumped.” John seemed to be struggling to get his words out. Sherlock almost wanted him to start yelling again. Something that wasn’t this broken voice a tremble from a sob.
“There you go.” John said. Sherlock pulled his hands over his face, embarrassed by the tears and total lack of control.
John sat still for a while, fighting the feeling of dread in his stomach. He was in trouble. His small infatuation with Mr Holmes had gone from a small irritation to a bigger problem, especially if it would affect a students grade. He waited impatiently for Mr Holmes to come back. He came on the second two hours after John had last seen him. John had started to pack up his things with nervous glances towards the door. He stepped just inside the door and held his hand out with the card in it. John walked up to him and took the card.
Mycroft can’t keep away. It was his idea I took this class in the first place. He thought keeping busy would keep me from using. Sherlock had started pacing. John stood motionless, this conversation was rapidly spinning out of any sort of control.
Okay, and I love you, so I see no reason why we shouldn’t try this out. I can’t make any promises. Most people find me annoying, I’m rubbish at taking feelings into account. I will probably hurt you on a regular basis. I’m easily bored, maybe I will grow tired of this in a week. But if you’ll have me I’m yours. John knew that it shouldn’t be but it was the most romantic thing someone had ever said to him.
- They want to make sure there’s nothing on the films that we’re not supposed to see. If someone mixed with the tapes they could be useless to us, he said.  John was quiet. He had learned that is was the best approach when Sherlock was like this. He had tried to watch some TV but Sherlock had told him the end halfway through the movie so he went to bed early. The boxes must have arrived later in the evening; it looked like Sherlock had been reading for a while. There were papers scattered around him in various piles. John made two cups of tea and some toast. He put one cup and a piece of toast next to Sherlock, but the other cup and the rest of the toast on his desk, sat down and faced Sherlock.
“Lestrade took my gun. I would have succeeded if he hadn’t meddled in things he shouldn't have.” Sherlock felt the room spin and his knees grow weak. He tried closing his eyes but that made everything worse. The only thing he could see was John putting his gun in his mouth, his head exploding, Johns blood on the walls. He felt nauseated.
John stood motionless for a while, wanting to make sure he was well gone before he fell into his chair and drew a sigh of relief. He drew his laptop closer to the edge of the desk. He thought he just as well google Mycroft Holmes to see if there was any weight in his threats. Several minutes of frustrating searches didn’t prove much. The older Mr Holmes wasn’t on any social media. The only things John could find was passing mentions in different papers. He seemed to be working for the government, but not in a very high position. That didn’t calm John, maybe he had connections higher up? He was interrupted by another knock in the door. This time it was the younger of the Holmes brothers.
- The late Mr Bryce, Mr Bryce and Mrs Gordon’s father, used our bank for most of his affairs. More specifically, he held a safe deposit box for his stamp collection. Mr Jackson was interrupted by Mr Bryce.
- So you’re saying you wanted me to kiss you but it wasn’t because of any romantic feelings towards me, it was my looks?
- we told everyone that you are friends of ours and that you are romantically involved. We can’t tell anyone the truth and it’s politically correct these days to have gay friends you know. Sherlock pressed his lips together to a thin line but he didn’t say anything. John wasn’t sure what bothered him the most, the woman’s statement that was far from politically correct or the fact that he was going to spend the night pretending to be in love with Sherlock Holmes.
- Well it has to have been someone close to father. And we have invited all of our family and father's old associates. Mrs Gordon kept quit so John assumed she agreed.
- I think I need to be alone for a while now. He said and John nodded. He could understand that. Felt a bit relieved that Sherlock had made the move.
I think I like this bit best, Sherlock said waking John from his thoughts. He opened his eyes and looked into Sherlock’s eyes that were so close he had difficulty focusing.
But really John, you should have told me how good looking he is. So I was prepared. It would not have been easy saying no if I had wanted to when he looked at me with those eyes. Or you maybe didn’t notice? John opened his mouth to answer but the only thing that came out was laughter. Sherlock’s eyes, his whole presence followed him in his dreams. Not noticing was so far of the mark it was hilarious.
You mean cuddling? He asked gingerly. Sherlock dragged himself to a sitting position. His shirt was a bit creased and his hair was messy but he didn’t seem to mind. He just pulled his finger through his hair, moving it away from his eyes.
- Do you have any news for us? Mrs Gordon asked. John glanced at Sherlock but it seemed like he hadn’t heard.
- Are you sure there has been a theft? Could your father not just have sold whatever it is that is missing? Sherlock sounded bored. He was leaning back, arms folded over his chest. Mr Bryce blushed
“Just SHUT UP!” John screamed straightening up. Sherlock kept silent. John met his eyes, seemingly searching for something.
Mrs Bryce welcomed John and Sherlock when they arrived at the party. She was dressed in a purple dress that looked expensive and had a diamond necklace round her neck.
“Oh, I thought. Of course Sherlock, of course I want you. Any way but bloody.”  he winked and left Sherlock alone with his throbbing heart and pink cheeks.  He unbuttoned his shirt, wanting this interlude to last as short as possible. He hadn’t had time to move before John came back. He paused in the doorway, his eyes roaming over Sherlock’s naked chest. Sherlock blushed as he could read John’s thoughts clear as day. It made heat build in his stomach again. John cleared his throat but his voice was still a bit lower than usual when he spoke.
John didn’t know why he was so angry with Sherlock but he was. He was more than angry, he was infuriating. What kind of game was he playing? John wanted no part of it. He felt like he had been tested and he didn’t know if he had passed the test or failed miserably. Sherlock was his normal self (as normal as he could be when faking to be John's boyfriend), but he called for a cab quit early on to Johns relief.
Why are you here? He asked. It seemed like Sherlock didn’t expect that question. Maybe his flirting didn’t go as well as he had thought.
You wanted to see me, Mr Holmes said, leaning against the doorframe. For a second, John let himself think about how good he looked in the light shining in from the window. Then he pushed the thought aside and focused on his role as a teacher.
- If you don’t have any experience in dating, does that mean you don’t have much experience in...? You know... Sherlock looked at John with a look of humour.
Do you want to know what I feel or do you want me to just forget about it? Sherlock met John’s gaze but didn’t speak. They stood so for what seemed like ages for John.
- I need a shower, he said. He walked to the bathroom and opened the door. He stopped and turned to John.
- Oh no, thats Janice, Janice Williams. She is a childhood friend but she could just aswell be my sister. Our parents were friends so we grew up together. We had so much fun. She was the only one who had the patience to listen to my father’s ramblings about his stamps. Sherlock put the photo back on the mantelpiece then strode out of the room.
“Sherlock” John said. He wasn’t shouting any more, instead he sounded concerned. Sherlock looked at him, though he had a hard time focusing. John took Sherlock’s vrist in his hand and checked his pulse. He shuddered as he did it.
“YOU DIED YOU PRICK!” John bellowed back. Sherlock could feel John’s breath on his face, he smelled of alcohol. Sherlock showed John back. Hard enough to make him stagger back.
- Do you know how hard this has been on me? Being your little experiment so you can find out if you like me or not? John felt a pang of guilt, it was true he was using Sherlock as a labrat.
“You have”  Sherlock’s voice was low but steady, not a tremble could be heard. His insides on the other hand were trembling. He had to concentrate on standing up, his legs wanted to buckle. He stood perfectly still, breathing calmly, not showing any outward sign of nervousness.
“So you’re saying you have been in love? That someone rejected you and broke your heart?” John sneered.
-Yes.  Sherlock said, not missing a beat. John felt like he had gotten a bucket of ice thrown at him. The safe feeling he had a moment ago was gone.
Dr Watson. He walked in before John, stopping at the middle of the floor. As soon John had closed the door Sherlock pressed him against it, seeking his mouth with his own. John’s whole body went rigid with panic. He had to get away, protect himself. He didn’t know where he was just that he was under attack and needed to defend himself. Distantly he could hear someone calling him. Someone called him John. That was odd, everyone in the military called him captain or Watson, never John. That detail made him come back to reality. He had Sherlock backed against the bookcase, his arm over Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock was pleading with him, his voice was low due to the pressure John was putting on his throat.John quickly released Sherlock, stepping away in horror. Sherlock was gulping in air, clutching his throat. He met John’s eyes. His eyes were full of surprise and a bit of fear. John was horrified. He had never hurt anyone else during his flashbacks. His back hitting the opposite wall and he slid down it, his legs trembling to much for him to stand. He could see how Sherlock straightened up, arranging his face so he looked calm and a bit concerned, the fear gone.
“Just… “ he said as John had turned around heading to the bathroom and the first aid-kit Sherlock assumed he had there. John turned around, his eyes widening as he saw Sherlock’s face.
No I don’t. Sentiment is unimportant. Can we just focus on why you shouldn't kick me out of your course.
"You seem like a man of average intelligence, what do you think?" Mr Holmes spoke with the same even voice he had done since he came. He could just as well be speaking about the weather.
“For what?” John actually met Sherlock’s eyes then. He looked surprised in the middle of all the hurt, grief and anger.
Yes I’m in love with you, but let's focus on what's important now. Sherlock kept on talking, about why he had stolen those body parts. John didn’t listen, he just looked at Sherlock. How could he just say something like that and then just keep on talking about else.
“Will you let me look at your back now?” Sherlock nodded. He felt a bit deflated, he had poured his heart out and John hadn’t answered.
“In short yes.” Sherlock waited as John composed himself. Soon he could feel something wet pressing against his back. He hissed as it stinged in his opened wounds. *
John’s head swam from all the emotions. He was angry at Sherlock, he wanted to push him out of his office and lock the door. The man was insufferable. Another part of him wanted to lean in and kiss him senseless. Without thought, he stood up and walked round his desk to stand in front of Sherlock who straightened up. He was right about the hight, he was a lot taller than John. But he was lean, to John it looked like he could break him like a twig. He intended to drag Sherlock out of his room. Showing with actions what he was trying to say and Sherlock wouldn’t listen to. He grabbed Sherlock by the arm, harder than he had to and started to pull him towards the door. Instead of following John’s tug at his arm, Sherlock leaned in. He placed a kiss on John’s lips, careful not to touch him in any other way. John’s anger mingled with his desire that flared up at that simple touch. He forgot everything about wanting to get Sherlock out of the office, or Sherlock’s inexperience. He showed Sherlock against the desk, stepping so close that Sherlock had to sit down on the desk as not to fall over. John grabbed Sherlock by the neck, deepening the kiss. This was ruffer than any kiss they shared before. Their teeth scraped against each other as John tried to get even closer, taste even more of Sherlock. He could hear Sherlock moan, his hands on John’s shoulders, hugging tight. John’s hand that wasn’t wrapped up in Sherlock’s hair was trying to unbutton Sherlock’s shirt. He got the two top buttons opened and placed his hand on Sherlock’s naked chest. Sherlock gasped, his hands pushing John away. He came to his senses. Embarrassed and frightened of the strength of his emotions. He was breathing hard.
You made me think you wanted to date me, you fooled me into giving you my keycard, you stole from the university, this is a serious matter. I could have you expelled. John left out the bit about Mycroft’s threat. He wanted to make Sherlock understand the seriousness of the matter, he seemed to enjoy himself way too much at the moment. It seemed to work, the smile on Sherlock’s lips faltered.
You’ve seen a lot of injuries then, violent deaths. Sherlock walked slowly towards John. He still couldn’t figure out what Sherlock was up to, he knew all this.
“Then what?” John took a deep breath and leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest.
It’s… I… Sherlock stammered, seemingly struggling for words. His chest was heaving and his cheeks were red. He took a deep breath before he continued.
- Sentiment, he said. Almost spitting out the word. John raised his eyebrows in a question. Sherlock took a deep breath then continued in a voice void of almost all emotion.
- just bloody do as I ask for once and just forget about it! he shouted. Sherlock looked surprised, he hadn’t realised how upset John was. It gave John a hint of satisfaction. It wasn’t often he could surprise Sherlock.
“I didn’t say I haven’t kissed anyone before, I just said I hadn’t enjoyed it before” Sherlock knew he was focusing on the wrong details. But his mind was flooded with images of him and John naked doing a whole lot of things he never thought he would even remotely like.
“Don’t play stupid Sherlock it doesn’t suit you” Sherlock straightened up, preparing for a new fight.
It threw John of, the only other time he had seen that look on someone's face was the girls that had had a crush on him when he was a soldier.
- It’s not money that’s holding them back, the brother has money. You saw his cufflinks? They were new, you don’t buy anything like that if you’re low on funds. Sherlock gave John that look that said “You knew that”. It usually just rubbed John the wrong way but tonight he had to close his fists since the urge to punch Sherlock was strong.
You’re miserable, said Sherlock in a matter of fact voice. John continued to look at him, trying to see any hint of emotion.
Do you want something to eat? Thai? Italian? Indian? He walked from the kitchen carrying a bunch of take away menyes. John laughed.
I do, but… Sherlock broke of, running his fingers through his hair. He looked up at the ceiling, thinking.
- I asked your assistant to send me all the records and surveillance concerning this case. I’m hoping he has started? Sherlock rose from his seat. The others looked surprised at him as he strode out of the room. John rose slowly and smiled at their stunned faces.
You don’t listen when I say that I don’t want to see you anymore, you came here, he indicated the room with his hand.
When John came down from his bedroom newly dressed and heading for the kitchen and the kettle, he saw Sherlock standing at the door. He sighed, knowing that tea and the newspaper had to wait. Instead he headed for the door, following Sherlock out to the street and into a cab.
“What?” The question came as such a surprise to Sherlock that he smiled. Anger flared in John's eyes so he quickly sombered his face. He looked around in the small kitchen, there was only room for a small table and two chairs. If he took two large steps he would be right infront of John.
- I was dealing with it and I was doing fine. John felt dumbstruck. Both by Sherlock’s words and his anger, Sherlock rarely showed anger.
The cab dropped them off at an apartment building after a drive that took them almost through the whole city. Sherlock jumped out of the cab and was ringing a doorbell before John had paid the fare. He only heard the last of what Sherlock was saying.
Yet here you are, John looked at Sherlock thinking. He was beautiful, there was no other word for it. He was bright and scary observant, and he seemed to have the emotional capacity of a five year old.
So what’s your problem then? John explained how Sherlock had made his feelings clear and at the same time saying that they didn’t matter. And then how he continued to flirt with John but made no other move. Molly listen and asked questions. And when lunch was over John felt a little bit more at ease with himself. It made it easier to smile at Sherlock who was standing outside John’s office fiddling with his phone.
Oh hi, you must be Sherlock’s friend. He said that someone would come. She stepped back and let him in.
- He said he had written a new will when he gave me this stamp. That the one thing left was to tell his other children, but he kept putting that off. When he died I waited to be called to the reading of the will but that didn’t happened. I don’t know what to believe.
“Are you alright? Breath Sherlock” John said quietly, meeting Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock took a breath, that was the only thing he could do. He couldn’t answer John’s question, he couldn’t form a single thought. He didn’t think his brain had ever been so empty. Not even on his best highs. John seemed to take Sherlock breathing as an answer because he closed the last gap between them and kissed him. It was nothing like Sherlock had imagined. He could never have imagined something that made him calm and exhilarated at the same time. The world around him seemed to shrink until it only contained him and John. Too soon John leaned back, sitting back down in his chair. He met Sherlock’s eyes and smiled.
Yes, enough for a lifetime, far too much. John’s throat actually thickened up, when he spoke. Memories came flooding back to him.
- Well no, but this is not an ordinary first date. And yes, I’m wondering if you have had sex. Sherlock smiled a bit, looking forward.
on his way out he couldn't catch a glimpse of sherlock and sebastian's secretary kindly informed him that the detective had left in a hurry almost ten minutes ago. john left the bank building and took a cab home, wondering on the way whether or not he'd still see sherlock that day. no matter how often he had told him not to run off on his own, his partner still seemed unused to the notion of having someone with him during his investigations. it was only natural, john supposed, after years of working alone.
"you weren't exactly popular?" john inquired further, not acknowledging sherlock's comment. "he told me people didn't really like you," he proceeded, carefully watching sherlock's face for any hint of reaction.
putting his cup down next to john's, sherlock leaned against the man next to him. wrapping one arm around the lanky detective, john fished for the remote with the other and turned the volume of the movie back up.
"they bullied you, sherlock, quite badly from what i heard," john finally exclaimed, a little exasperated by the lack of explanation from sherlock's side. though he hadn't expected the other to immediately talk about all the bad things during his time at school, his constant dismissal wore his patience thin. but only because he was concerned and wanted to hear sherlock's side of things.
"university, yes," sebastian replied and leaned back in his leather chair with his usual suave grin. "oh, the stories i could tell. everyone hated him back then, you know," he spoke as if he was thinking of various memories to back up the claim at the same time.
it was an awkward silence that hung in the air of the office, the silence of two people who neither knew each other very well nor had anything to discuss. john supposed that he ought to get used to this sooner rather than later, this,  meaning sherlock's habit to run off on impromptu investigations through the entire building and leaving him alone with the investment banker they had once again been consulted by. the same bank that they had been at years ago already to investigate a murder now just so happened to have another one on their plate. dangerous lives these bankers had these days.
john realized he had started digging his nails into his thigh with an uncomfortable force while listening and swallowed the harsh words threatening to escape his mouth.
the reaction didn't come and sherlock only shrugged, eyes still trained on the tv. "does it surprise you. most people don't like me, why would it have been different back then," he said.
"looks like we're just in time to watch the exciting part," john commented and settled back into the couch, pulling sherlock closer as he did.
john seemed surprised, confused even, his voice told him that. "what did who tell me now?" he asked, grabbing the remote to turn down the volume of the tv.
john involuntarily stiffened at that statement, suddenly realizing he didn't feel quite comfortable knowing that. ever since sherlock and him had grown closer he felt a weird sense of protectiveness for the detective, a feeling that perhaps stemmed from sherlock's tendency to not only disregard his own health in favour of cases but also jump head-first into danger during these cases. though he always claimed to have a plan, john allowed himself to doubt that. "yes, yes, you mentioned that," he replied and nodded. "because he deduced things about you and the others, right?"
john swallowed and put his cup down on the coffee table. "just because you are different doesn't give them the right to bully you," he spoke more softly this time. "he also mentioned that you were suddenly gone from school, and that there were rumours that you had, suicidal intentions," he said, deciding to go all in now that they were already talking. if the topic drifted off, he doubted he'd be able to properly discuss it again anytime soon.
the flat was empty when john set foot into it and he sighed, shrugging off his jacket and leaving it on the coat rack by the door. routinely as always he made tea, making a second cup even though he knew it was unlikely sherlock would arrive in time to be able to drink it while it was still warm.
"alright, alright, sherlock stop," john interrupted him and sherlock closed his mouth, deflating a little bit. "i was only trying to tease you," he explained.
sherlock's grip on his cup tightened the tiniest bit and he finally turned his head to look at john. "does that surprise you?" he repeated his question from before, his eyebrows knitting together in an expression that was both questioning and confused. "i am different, john, people don't like people who aren't like them," he said as if it was the most simple thing in the world. he didn't quite understand what john didn't understand about the story.
"Are you going home?" Mr Holmes asked as John put his card back in his wallet. He nodded his answer.
They started texting several times each day. John would be in class, feel his phone buzz and smile out of the blue. Molly commented on John’s change in mood, he couldn’t be bothered to hide it. Sherlock seemed to be busy, he only showed up in John’s lectures at the last minute and disappeared as soon as John finished. He texted John about his case, about a policeofficer he seemed to like but still irritated him, or just random observations. In between came texts were Sherlock would tell John that he missed him or things he wanted to do to John.Those texts usually came at night to John’s relief. Some things Sherlock said made him so aroused he had to wank to relieve the pressure. He had asked Sherlock when they could meet but only got “after the case” as response. Then one day when John was beginning to wonder if he was ever going to be alone with Sherlock again, a text that just said “221B Bakerstreet, 6 o’clock”. It made John’s heart skip a beat and he spent too much time picking out clothes. He wanted to look nice but he was unsure what he was going to. Was it a date? Were they staying at baker street? He took a cab, arriving ten minutes early. An older woman opened the door.
And now, let me extol the virtues of paper as a stage prop. Compared to other things that Holmes handles in the Granada series–test tubes, magnifying glasses, syringes, fireplace pokers, revolvers–paper has the virtue of extending and amplifying the actor’s gestures. The arc a sheet of newsprint describes as it travels through the air is bigger than the arc the hand holding it would describe alone. Paper, because it’s flexible and strong but delicate, quivers and dances and flutters like an extension of Holmes’s own body and spirit. Through paper, Brett’s Holmes expands to fill the space around him, becoming an elemental force, whipping up a tornado and then making it rain. This is something Brett had obviously learned before playing Holmes; but never was this put to use more effectively than in the Granada Series.
Holmes's hands traveled slowly, solemnly, through the air. I felt his hands against my temples, cool and burning somehow at the same time. His exalted gaze met my own. He drew my crowned head toward his own.
How is any of this necessary? How is it excusable? The story doesn’t call for it; it’s completely inconsistent with the way Brett’s Holmes has so far treated the other women he’s interacted with on screen. It’s all of a piece with the gratuitous action and the killing of Latimer; and I just wonder why anyone thought they needed it. Had Marlowe read the canon stories? Had he seen any of the earlier episodes? Was he just so committed to Chandleresque atmosphere that he decided to give Holmes Philip Marlowe’s disgust for femmes fatales and really dames of all kinds? I don’t know. All I know is, that whole train sequence was a mistake and it shouldn’t have been made. One can only imagine Brett, who appears to have appointed himself guardian of the canon, reading the script and just facepalming when he got to that part. I have to SAY this shit? For real?
This is the very last episode aired of Jeremy Brett’s Sherlock Holmes. In a lot of ways, it was better than I was expecting. In general, I’ll be honest, ever since The Last Vampyre this rewatch has been kind of a masochistic exercise. “The Cardboard Box” is definitely not one of Granada’s better episodes. But as show finales go…well, I’m anX-Files fan, so for me the bar is not high. There are worse notes on which this show could have gone out. And after the vast disappointments of “Mazarin Stone,” it’s nice to have Brett back–even not at full capacity–so that you can say a proper goodbye.
And once they’re out and about, well, Watson’s sad about leaving the beer behind and he bitches about the cold, but this is absolutely the best way either of them could have thought up to spend Christmas eve and Brett and Burke find a million ways of letting us know that. Watson joining in with Holmes on the “bet” to get the information out of Breckenridge is delightful; he almost drops the ball, but then he just sails on into the con with such confidence and zest it makes your heart grow a size just to watch him.
Anyway, so, there are three reasons why “The Musgrave Ritual” has always been one of my least favorite stories. One: no Watson. “The Musgrave Ritual” is an old case, from the beginning of Holmes’s career, which survives amongst his records as a peg with a string on it and a few old coins. Holmes tells Watson the story to get out of cleaning up their sitting room. Two: more telling than showing. All of the most interesting things in this case have already happened before Musgrave shows up in London to consult Holmes. And three: I’m American. When I was 12, I had no idea who the fuck Charles I was, or what a cavalier was. I eventually learned, of course; but even then, I couldn’t really
Holmes/Watson episode, but Bowen seems to like to give Watson some extras; in this adaptation, he and Holmes figure it out about the “cow” horseshoes just about simultaneously, and Watson is given the job of shadowing Wilder and the boy while Holmes bikes over to Holdernesse Hall to confront the Duke one last time. He also has Watson reconstruct Heidegger’s movements, at Holmes’s direction, for Dr. Huxtable’s benefit. Not sure how I feel about that device; it feels a little Agatha Christie to me. But I do like the joke about Heidegger “fortifying himself for the task ahead,” which you think will be kidnapping but turns out to be grading.
Well, maybe it mattered more to Bowen that Wilder dies for his crimes; maybe, like many another modern reader, he finds crimes against children more horrifying and less forgivable than crimes against adults, even when the crime against the child is objectively less severe. Holmes sends Watson off to follow Wilder and Arthur by saying, “You are now that boy’s guardian angel.” Watson is not great at being a guardian angel, but evidently it was important to Bowen that the grown-ups not just
This is from the final moments of “The Golden Pince-Nez,” during which Holmes is reading a letter sent to him by Mycroft. Soon, he will be reduced to literally talking to himself, as he answers for the viewer–and for nobody else–Mycroft’s question about why Anna committed suicide. “Past hope and in despair,” he says; “and then…the death of love.” Would have been an appropriate ending for this melancholy episode. Even if you didn’t know about any of the behind the scenes tragedy, this episode would still convey the autumnal scent of decay, of something–as Hamm says–taking its course. Alas, the episode actually *ends* with something far more ridiculous which only proves that no matter how often they try it, the Granada team (rather ironically) still can’t get “leaping from a great height” right. (Every time. Every time it’s a disaster. “Priory School,” “Last Vampyre,” and now this. They got it right once in “Final Problem” and that was by shooting from Very Far Away.)
My only theory about this, as far as Doyle is concerned, is that Doyle initially intended for Holmes to give it back to the Countess because he was thinking of this as a straightforward robbery plot…but then at the end of the story, as the questions of guilt and responsibility come into focus,
, moving on.) Or the story where we learn that basically Mycroft is the British government’s Secret Human Google? Or the one where Holmes impulsively grabs Watson’s hand and says, “I knew you would not shrink at the last!” while showing more “tenderness” for him than Watson’s ever seen? Why did this story not become a Young Plaidder favorite?
, to be specific. Early on, Holmes drops a snarky comment about Watson’s limited medical skills, and Mrs. Hudson says, “You only say that because you miss the doctor.” You can see immediately from his reaction that she has HIS number. Yes, Holmes misses the doctor and I miss him too. And this is another of those somewhat spooky ways in which Brett’s illness forces the Granada series to correspond with the canon arc–in which, toward the end of the saga, Watson starts to drop out of the picture.
I’m afraid that for me this exception proves the rules–the Norwood Builder Rules, to be specific. Early on, Holmes drops a snarky comment about Watson’s limited medical skills, and Mrs. Hudson says, “You only say that because you miss the doctor.” You can see immediately from his reaction that she has HIS number. Yes, Holmes misses the doctor and I miss him too. And this is another of those somewhat spooky ways in which Brett’s illness forces the Granada series to correspond with the canon arc–in which, toward the end of the saga, Watson starts to drop out of the picture.
What else is there to say? They would not have made this episode the way they did if they’d had any other choice. But I do find the “third eye” thing very unsettling. It’s a very strange way of compensating for his physical deterioration. I mean I know Holmes is the greatest reasoner who ever lived; but do we actually have to give him mystical omniscience? Could we just not let him stay a human, increasingly broken as he appears to be?
I’ve always been fascinated by the fact that Watson can’t actually see the snake when it finally shows up. But I don’t have time to get into what that might mean. On to the next one!
. Nevertheless, because I named myself after a snake, I eventually came to take an interest in them; plus, I lived near a friend for a while who was a serious snake nut and had filled her house with boas and pythons. So, although I am not the first to point this out by any means, I can confirm from experience that Doyle knew fuck-all about how snakes work. Let me just list the Major Errors Of The Speckled Band:
This adaptation thus provides even more confirmation of my Everything’s Better With More Watson theory. Watson is incorporated into the investigation in reasonably logical ways; but more to the point, we get to see Holmes and Watson on holiday, and it’s pretty funny. Holmes, who has a cold or maybe just hates fresh air, spends the first part of the episode swathed in shawls, flinging them about his shoulders as if they were Norma Desmond’s fox furs. I don’t know if the cold is supposed to be another symptom of addiction or what, but it definitely provides occasion for some entertaining acting choices. He’s petulantly uninterested in the Things You Do On A Visit To A Country House, sitting morosely on a bench (wrapped in God knows what) while Watson goes out to kill some grouse. It’s nice to see him and Watson getting to relax a bit, before everything goes down.
Regardless, it’s still a risk, and it’s still a huge responsibility. And that’s why I think the final scene, with Holmes lighting the confession on fire as he dispassionately talks about the case’s features of interest, means more in the adaptation than the conclusion of the canon story does. He’s openly destroying evidence–and thereby acknowledging to himself and Watson that the decision
And then I realized: the Holmes/Watson stuff in this episode is what you might call roommate comedy. These are basically sitcom-level interactions based on an “odd couple” dynamic: two people who really shouldn’t get along, and bicker a lot for that reason, but at the end of the day really are friends. The only bit of it that rises above that level is the conversation at the barbershop at the beginning (and the two of them walking arm in arm back to the flat afterward). It’s sort of funny, but it doesn’t…I don’t know, it fails to convince me that it’s Holmes and Watson–this particular Holmes and Watson–and not some other odd couple.
, Doyle doesn’t really present Holmes’s drug use as an addiction until pretty late in the saga (in the introduction to “The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter,” to be precise). Most modern adaptations treat it as an addiction from the beginning, and that’s obviously what the Granada people have decided to do. In “Dancing Men,” during a late-night solo decoding session, Holmes takes out the syringe case, opens it, fondles it, then puts it back in the drawer and gets back to work. This falsifies his insistence in “Scandal” that he only uses when he’s not working. The difference between Watson’s histrionic reaction in “Scandal” and his angry but resigned reaction in “Solitary Cyclist” suggests that Watson has reached the point where he realizes he’s not going talk Holmes out of shooting up.
turns his back on his intended mate, tempting the other bird forward by agitating an envelope’s open flap in place of the colorful tailfeathers this species regrettably lacks.”
are cute and all, but they’re also evidence of a population of homeless and unsupervised children living on the street. In “Scandal in Bohemia,” nobody thinks it unusual at first that there are multiple grown men fighting each other for the chance to earn a tip by opening Irene Adler’s carriage door. In “The Crooked Man,” Nancy Barclay is doing charity work with the homeless and poor when she runs into Henry Baker. And so on.
So when Holmes agrees, at least in my reading, he’s accepting not just the fact of death but the specific thing that Watson is telling him: that Holmes’s death is something that will happen to Watson too. And this is very important. Holmes came back in “Empty House” and made his confession and they made up; but Holmes didn’t really
But the scene that’s really at the heart of “Dying Detective” is Watson’s first visit to Holmes’s bedside after his supposed infection. And quite unexpectedly, I thought it was the strongest scene he and Hardwicke had done together since “Illustrious Client.” And then I realized. In the sickbed scenes, because Holmes is pretending to be sick, Brett didn’t have to pretend to be well.
"What subject could require richer color, or more vibrant life, than the adventures of a unique and priceless jewel?"
Now there is, to me, a very obvious reason that Doyle did this: he wanted Holmes to die in the Reichenbach Falls and he wanted Watson to be able to tell the story, and a holiday on the Continent was the fastest way he could think of to make that happen. Why the Reichenbach Falls? Well, you have to remember that the reason Doyle killed Holmes in the first place was that he wanted to be able to pursue his other writing, hopefully in more Literary and Prestigious directions. “The Final Problem” may have issues when it comes to plot, but Doyle was obviously concentrating primarily on providing Holmes with a grand exit worthy of his exalted status, and since the days of Byron and both Shelleys, for readers of English literature the Swiss alps had been the pinnacle, if you will, of the sublime. The Falls themselves are sufficiently dramatic, chaotic, and turbulent to be the resting place of someone who, as Holmes observes in “The Red Headed League,” spent his entire life trying to avoid stagnation and boredom. Watson’s description of the Falls reaches for a loftier tone than he usually aims for, and honestly I think contains ‘his’ best writing:
"You may as well," I sighed, with a shrug. Holmes extracted the ball of paper and sat down at my desk. I returned to the day's old news, feigning indifference. I heard him gently smooth out each crumpled page with his fingertips, then turn it over and reach for the next.
There are numerous nifty moments in “The Red Headed League,” but the mature me has a better appreciation for this one now than I did in my youth:
The sounds they hear best, it turns out, are at the low end of the spectrum. So the whistle is also bullshit.
So here’s to you, Kitty Winter, and good luck with the spinoff. I will miss your fiery red hair and your even more fiery spirit and of course your beautiful side-eye game:
There are only two things that Marlowe and/or the director seem to have been really interested in this episode. One is the opening scene showing Sutton’s nightmare about death, and the other is the almost-silent scene in which Holmes goes over the crime scene collecting evidence. As for the first of these…well, it’s different. Cheesy and very 80s…but different. The second one is legitimately compelling and a good showcase for Brett’s abilities (although not necessarily for the cinematographer’s). But it’s really not enough to sustain an hour of television.
also goes back to the 1857 mutiny, which is when the Agra treasure comes into the hands of Small and his three allies–all of whom may be thieves and murderers, but are at least loyal to the British Army and the fort they’re protecting. Doyle would eventually be knighted for the work he did trying to justify Britain’s indefensible conduct of the Boer War. So in “The Crooked Man,” the ‘scandal’ isn’t just Barclay’s personal treachery–the story summed up in Mrs. Barclay’s allusions to the biblical “David”–but British responsibility for the mutiny (since Barclay becomes, at the moment he sets Wood up for this, a mutineer himself). And this is interesting in a kind of intellectual way, but I can’t really
vibe.  Accordingly, in the Granada narrative, “Norwood Builder” takes place three episodes before “The Final Problem” (we have “Resident Patient” and “The Red-Headed League” coming up first). And thanks to some great work from the screenwriter and from Brett and Burke, this becomes, not just an interesting case, but a beautiful moment in the development of Holmes and Watson’s relationship.
This episode begins with Holmes sitting grumpily in the carriage, swathed in a truly amazing array of wraps, telling Watson darkly, “You should have traveled alone,” to which a pained Watson responds, with false cheerfulness, “Nonsense! We’re on holiday!” The episode ends with one of many reversals, as Holmes waves away Watson’s concerns about his decision to let Sterndale go by repeating his own line back to him: “And besides, as you’re always telling me, we’re on holiday!” In between, Holmes undergoes a serious transformation which leads to a seismic shift in their relationship. And it all starts with that scene at the neolithic tomb, when Watson says, “I suppose death is always with us.”
Hawkesworth’s adaptation is, for me, a mixed bag. I think the smartest decision he made was to involve Watson more formally in the case. Having completed the apprenticeship narrative that runs from “Dancing Men” to “Final Problem,” Watson is now investigating things on his own, and has signed up to be a “police surgeon;” Lestrade apparently works with him from time to time, and calls him in to the Adair crime scene. This gives us a chance to find out a little more about Watson’s life without Holmes, and to introduce us to Hardwicke. The scene in which Watson gives evidence at the inquest is a great idea from that point of view. We see how, after producing Holmes’s celebrity, poor Watson himself has been forgotten, reduced to a nondescript man giving evidence to a testy coroner who won’t let him use his carefully honed deductive faculties and can’t even remember his name. Hardwicke seems very depressed by this interaction, and in general the mutedness of his performance fits very well with one’s idea of a Watson without Holmes. He’s doing his duty, getting through the day, still taking an interest in crime, but not really enjoying the full and exciting life he had with Holmes. The rest of the inquest, however, is very slow, very boring, and very full of unconvincing performances by bit players.
But it’s the Extra Watson that saves this episode in the home stretch. In that scene in the cell, we see Holmes actually listening to Watson’s theory without condescension or sarcasm; he really does consider him his colleague at this point, and is willing to believe that Watson might be able to solve a problem that baffles him. And even though Watson’s theory is wrong, and Holmes knows immediately that it’s wrong, he recognizes the one thing Watson’s demonstrating here that he’s been lacking: imagination. Watson’s identification of the killer makes no sense (why, if Gibson killed his wife to frame Dunbar, would he then ruin a plan that was going extremely well by calling in Sherlock Holmes to save the woman he framed?); but by changing this from a story about the murder of Maria Gibson into a story about the framing of Grace Dunbar, he’s shown Holmes the way to the real solution. What you see from Brett as Holmes recognizes that is new, and it’s complicated. In his “Watson, you put me to shame!” you can feel both admiration and anger. All along he’s wanted Watson to reach this level; but Holmes still wants to be the one in charge. Maybe that’s why he dumps Watson’s revolver in the pond. (Hardwicke’s reactions throughout that whole scene are priceless.)
-style with actual torches chasing Wilder and Arthur into the depths of a system of caves, until Wilder, during the final standoff, falls to his death.
It’s late, this week is still terrible, and I’ve got some time to consider a question that has been much on my mind of late: why is it that I love watching Jeremy Brett handle paper? I’m taking it up now partly because it was always my intention, after finishing the rewatch, to write up a post about why Jeremy Brett was the definitive 20th century Sherlock Holmes. But every time I start such a post, I think, oh what’s the point, it’s all already been said, by myself even, and anyway there’s too much. I’ve formulated a hypothesis, though, which is that if I can explain why Brett’s interaction with paper is so important to my enjoyment of this show, I will probably in the process be demonstrating what it was that made his Sherlock Holmes so unique and indelible. So follow me, friends, while I unfold my crackpot theories about the romance of the material text and how it binds us to the Master Paper-Handler.
This episode, for me, is about more than the case. Everyone’s all “Three Garridebs” this and “Three Garridebs” that; but in canon, IMHO, “Devil’s Foot” is just as big a milestone in Holmes and Watson’s relationship. The adaptation emphasizes and expands that into something which–for me, anyway–becomes profound and moving. In the context of the Granada series, “Devil’s Foot” is a kind of emotional sequel to “Empty House,” in which the Reichenbach trauma is–surreptitiously and subterraneously–reopened, worked through, and healed. Mercifully, this episode is largely unconcerned with radix pedis diaboli’s central African origins; we do hear the occasional bit of drumming in the soundtrack, but we don’t have to submit to anything like the festival of stereotypes that opens “Six Napoleons.” The lethal horror induced by the drug is instead referred back to the one fear that drives all others–death–and its close companion, loss.
As Watson’s voice goes on, the camera lingers on all the things Holmes has left behind, never (as far as Watson knows) to pick up again. The pipe and slippers, the cigarette case, the revolver, etc. The very last image focused on, right after the “best and wisest man” line, is the empty syringe, seen through the iconic magnifying glass.
Anyway, I admit I could be making all of this up, so on to other topics. Annie Harrison is one of the many remarkable women of canon in whom Moffat and Gatiss took no interest whatsoever; Holmes tells Percy straight up that without her they wouldn’t have recovered the treaty. The guest stars are all pretty good, and the shots of everyone outside in the summer sunlight are beautiful (thank you costume department for getting them out of their heavy tweeds for once). The final sequence showing Holmes’s fight with Joseph Harrison in slow-motion silhouette is…well…I’m sorry, it’s awful. It seems to me like a deliberate attempt to avoid having to actually film a combat scene, perhaps because neither actor was comfortable with one. Some effort was put into the teaser sequence, with a nice artistic shot of a marble bust that probably inspired some of the motifs in “The Six Thatchers.” So, overall not my favorite, but we move on.
“Where on earth –” John is stunned, pleased, suddenly grinning like a fool as he reaches out to touch the green branches. “You carried this halfway across the city?”
Sherlock did as he was told, cautiously curious as Mr. Holmes carefully removed the cover of the hive.
“Oh God,” Sherlock breathed out in surprise as John's mouth grazed low along his waistband, causing his cock to strain in his trousers.
He knew the primal responses of his own body, of course. He was familiar with the furtive quelling of erotic midnight dreams and involuntary morning stiffness, his cock hard in his hand, the motions predictable, unimaginative, a cure for a inconvenient condition.
He stopped by the window again, gazing down on the pavement, half hoping to catch a glimpse of John returning. Nothing moved in the pools of lamplight.
Some part of him grew aware of a presence in the dim room, the lifting of the single sheet, the dip in the mattress, someone climbing quietly into bed. John stirred, surfacing as cool knees tucked under his thighs, a warm chest molded against his back, an arm drifting over his hip.
Sherlock leaned forward conspiratorially, feeling more like a teenager than a wise being. “I still have something of yours.”
He returns home one evening, coming to a halt on the steps, the keys in his hand. The brass door knocker has been moved. Mycroft. He grits the name out in a huff and pushes open the door in irritation. He stops short again when his eyes land on John sitting on the bottom stair step in the half dark.
Sherlock slid down against the arm of the sofa, finding himself sinking beneath John’s warm weight. His body hummed, the anticipation of hands and mouths on bare skin flashing through his mind. “Afterwards… whatever you want.”
The casement window cranked open a few more inches and Sherlock leaned out. “What the devil are you doing?” he hissed.
I saw the image below around Christmastime and had to write a little Tumblr ficlet to go with it. This is not a 221b ficlet, but I needed a place to save it, so here we are. (The photo was described as "1915 London.")
A hole burns in him. He wants to run. He wants to sleep. He walks until he reaches a busy road and hails a taxi.
Friendship. That's what their relationship would have to become to survive the years ahead. He would have to recalibrate his expectations, temper his emotions, and accept the inevitable. John was moving on --
He'd been innocent once, unsullied before the lure of chemicals and crime took hold, was once able to idle away hours with an adventure book or a magnifying glass, studying plants and insects and sea shells.
He sighed and set his briefcase down on the nearest desk, wondering if he had made a wise decision agreeing to teach forensic science for a year at this American university. Although the university was prestigious, his pay wasn’t spectacular. But the promise of change, of something novel, had been enticing. An old friend from his own university days had looked him up, luring him to the States with a light teaching load and paid housing, casually mentioning that New York City and the Atlantic Coast were just short train rides away, perfect for weekend jaunts.
A familiar litany of self-loathing rattles around in his brain, making the walk home pass in a dark haze. He's thinking about cigarettes again when he reaches Baker Street and his phone vibrates against his knuckles.
They stay by the fire as it dies to embers, talking about old cases to pass the time, waiting. Nothing else happens, so they light the tapers and make their way to the stairs. They gather their bags and climb the steps, the small flames casting eerie shadows along the walls.
John had brought home the cake and wine as a surprise, knowing that Sherlock would ignore or even forget his own birthday unless confronted directly. He’d lifted an intrigued eyebrow at the sight of the pink bakery box and nodded approvingly at the wine selection, allowing John to lure him away from the microscope for an impromptu fête.
The way Sherlock looked at him left him breathless. A lock of hair had fallen across his blue-green eyes, his lips parted, each lean muscle of his torso defined in the low light, his chest rising and falling evenly but perhaps a tad more quickly than usual.
Sherlock rubs at an old scratch on the tabletop, subdued. They are repeating a circular argument that has no satisfactory resolution. And maybe, he realizes, he's assigning his own doubts and fears to John. A long silence follows.
Everything was great. The stone stairs that accessed the beach, the bicycles, the cafe and cinema, the grassy spot by the pool. To John, everything was agreeable, a trait that Sherlock found tiresome but charmed everyone else.
They smiled at each other and leaned against the bar, their gaze interrupted by the server asking what they’d like. John ordered a juice with carrot, apple, and ginger, and Sherlock reluctantly did the same.
It reminded him of starting the fire for the bee smoker. Working with bees was not something he'd ever expected to learn during the summer, nor was experiencing the intense blossoming of his own desires. He gazed at John, who now kneeled beside him, strategically placing a few larger logs on the fire.
“Did we? I'm always afraid I'll step on someone's feet,” Molly laughed. She turned her head, looking at the door where Sherlock had disappeared. “But Sherlock is such a good dancer, he made it seem easy.”
Sherlock bites back an unflattering comment, deciding to play nice. He needs a favor. “There’s one more thing -- I ran across some old photographs of the family who used to live here. They had a son who served in the army during World War I.”
"I didn't. Not long, anyway." John was fibbing. He'd waited 30 minutes, fretted about the chicken getting too dry. But it had turned out a lovely golden brown, moist, flavorful. The potatoes were fluffy, buttery. The ubiquitous peas were sprinkled with fresh mint. A meal like this really was best shared.
John's lips part, nearly forming a word but failing. Sherlock winds his fingers tighter into the jacket, effectively drawing John incrementally closer. Sherlock’s eyes lock onto John's, watching for a sign, a warning or a welcome.
I pull on my shirt and button it quickly, checking my watch as I grab my jacket and tie, rushing down the stairs to the sitting room.
Sherlock fidgeted with his glass, a new thought crossing his mind. "You don't have to do this," he finally said, feeling that he might somehow be taking advantage of John's generosity.
Nurse Cornish clatters into the room with a tea tray and places it on the low table by the sofa. She glances at the laptop screen as she pours him a cup. “How’s the private investigator business these days?”
“No one’s home,” John added, as if reading Sherlock's thoughts. “They're out visiting friends. They'll be gone for hours.”
The American turned to him, his sunglasses hooked above the button of his blue cotton shirt. He thrusted out his hand. “John Watson.”
I slipped the house key back into my pocket and dumped my bag in the foyer. Dad was sitting on the sofa hunched over his laptop. He was wearing his reading glasses, sleeves pushed back, methodically pecking out each word.
“Dammit, I left my jacket at the flat.” He glances at his watch again, calculating the time, wavering on what to do.
Disentangling himself from John's lap, Sherlock sank to his knees between John's legs, bruises forgotten, and hooked his fingers over John's waistband. Not breaking their gaze, Sherlock tugged down as John lifted his hips, working the jeans and pants off and tossing them aside.
It takes awhile for John to register that Sherlock’s large hands are now grasping his thighs, thumbs angled toward his crotch. The sight and pressure of those long fingers arouse him even more. He can’t stop himself from sucking Sherlock’s bottom lip and rocking his pelvis into Sherlock’s grip, wanting his huge palm to cup his hardness.
Sherlock scanned the beach, spying a large piece of driftwood that lay on its side. He walked over to it, noting the dark indentation among the rocks where previous fires had been built. The driftwood provided a natural buffer from the wind and a backrest, the ground worn soft and sandy where others had sat, a few empty bottles and cigarette butts littered about.
“It's too bad. He looked like a nice fellow,” Molly said contemplatively. “What’s odd is, the police can’t find a second set of footprints anywhere in the area, apart from those of the farmer who found him.”
They clambered up the rocky beach and climbed back onto the dock, where Sherlock scooped up the blanket, shivering slightly.
“Wonderful.” Sherlock can’t keep the sarcasm from his voice. Suddenly he just wants to lie down. “I’m going up to my room.”
I’d only been home a week (much of that spent sleeping and roaming around the house at odd hours since my body didn’t know what time zone it was in) when I thought I might have to practice those sutures Dad had taught me.
John’s heart quickened in return, suddenly nervous, stunned to have this beautiful creature perched over him, waiting. He tentatively moved his hand, placing his finger over Sherlock’s opening, massaging delicately.
Olivia deserves not to be dragged along to emergency rooms and shown the darker side of human nature pinned up on a wall. She deserves a chance at having two parents in a healthy, public relationship. She could use at least one adult in her life who isn't a recovering addict of one kind or another.
John strokes his fingers down Sherlock’s sternum, down into the slit of gaping fabric. He slowly slips the third button free, then slides both palms up Sherlock’s chest, pushing back the shirt, fully exposing the V of honey-hued skin on his neck and chest. The golden color will gradually fade to match the rest of Sherlock’s fair skin. By Christmas, all will be pale as snow again, no boundaries claiming
“I hope you know —” Sherlock starts abruptly, then stops. “You should know that I appreciate it, your help with these things.”
He’s grown to know John’s routines, the little domestic habits that mark the passing of each day. He can barely remember living in the flat without John, his belongings now intertwined with his own — his razor and soap, his coffee mug, his brown shoes, his laptop.
John slid off Sherlock with a sigh, and they turned onto their sides again, this time face to face. John pulled the sheet up to their waists to keep in the warmth. Sherlock gently touched the scar on John's shoulder, memorizing the uneven texture of the skin.
He watches John extend his hand to Olivia and she takes it, giving a little skip before she hops into the back of the cab as John holds the door open.
Drawing in a deep breath, he took a few running steps and hurled himself into the water with a resounding splash. The cold was a shock, slapping his skin and contracting his muscles. He burst through the surface again, letting out a shout.
Sherlock fidgets, then takes a roundabout approach. “Did we ever have a relative who served in the first war?”
Gradually, they fell into a routine. In the mornings, John assisted Sherlock’s parents while Sherlock went to the beach or on solitary bike rides. In the afternoons, they both worked by the pool, John chewing on a pen as he edited his pages, Sherlock scribbling on a composition.
"no, you weren't. i assume you left not too long after me which would still leave you with a long enough timespan that a chatterbox such as sebastian could fill with countless pieces of useless information," sherlock responded.
sherlock looked at the tv screen in front of him although he barely paid attention to what was happening on it. "did he, how predictable. though i didn't expect anything better from him," sherlock commented in his usual nonchalant tone, watching how the police in the movie began chasing after the criminal.
sherlock averted his gaze briefly, pondering whether there was a use to try to lie about it before opening his mouth to speak. "i had, certain thoughts, that much is true," he said and glanced over at john. "mycroft figured out what was going on, of course he did, but i don't think he grasped the full extent of it. eventually i talked to him about it, the bullying and the thoughts, and if you think mycroft scary now you wouldn't want to know how he reacted when he heard. he pulled all registers after that, removed me from school, got me therapy and made sure my name wasn't anywhere to be found," he explained and stopped briefly to collect his thoughts. "it got better after that."
"right, he seemed to know every little thing about everyone after only taking a glance at them," sebastian huffed and folded his hands on his desk. "he told this girl that her boyfriend was cheating on her, and didn't bat an eye when she stormed off crying. hell, he didn't even seem to understand what he had done wrong. he was always a weirdo, that guy," he said, his statement followed by a brief chuckle.
it was something sherlock had picked up on himself, had already picked up on when he had entered the living room. the telly, the useless questions, the too long gaze - john wanted to talk about something but didn't know how to voice his thoughts. "what did he tell you?" sherlock asked, not looking away from the cup in front of him while he waited for the kettle to boil.
