When Sherlock imagined their first kiss he thought about gentle lips slowly pressing together, shy moves and sweet whispers. He thought about fingers carefully slipping between his black curls and laboured breaths.
“ Today. Ok? We’ll talk when I get back from surgery” the answer was poor at best. This whole situation made Sherlock feel inadequate in so many ways. Since the start of their new arrangement nothing had changed as much as the young Holmes expected, John barely talked and only addressed to him if it was strictly necessary, he seemed to avoid touching him and spent most of the time at work. John had never worked this much. And Sherlock couldn’t stop thinking it was because of him.
John was forcefully sliding his mouth over his, tongue invading Sherlock’s mouth without preamble. His hands were gripping the tall man’s hair. It hurt. It felt like the doctor was devouring him, biting his lips with despair.
There was a time Sherlock Holmes - the world’s only consulting detective and self-proclaimed sociopath - lived in that fantasy. If you had asked him a few years ago he would have answered arrogantly : ‘ Destiny is just term invented by petty humans who don’t want to take responsibility for their actions. They conceived an abstract power where they could place all their frustrations and blame for all the mistakes they had made during their boring lives ’.
To say their relationship is complicated is an understatement. However, what mattered at the moment was that he was alive. Disgustingly alive. Hatefully alive. He wished this sweet darkness surrounding him was death. Peace. The opportunity to forget everything, forgive everyone and live in an idealized world, the promised land. Nevertheless, Sherlock knew if Heaven existed he wouldn't be allowed entrance, he would probably be doomed to burn in the flames of Hell.
“Lucy, ¿can you take Rosie to get an ice cream? I need to speak with Sherlock for a sec - ” John gave her the child and smiled charmingly “ - Thank you, love.” That was the same word he used with Sherlock and the detective could only scream in his mind
At night, when they were sleeping John laid with his back to Sherlock. Were the young genius to initiate an attempt to cuddle he let himself be hugged for a few short minutes before he carefully extricated himself from the cage formed by the arms of his untrained lover.
Mycroft walked until he placed himself in front of the window. The warm sunlight streaming through made his ginger hair shine like bonfire, it also exposed his thinning hair and receding hairline. His pallid skin glistened with a thin sheen of sweat. Posture slightly bent. His shoulders stooped forward, as if the weight of his brothers suffering rested all upon him. He would never forgive Watson for doing this to Sherlock. He shouldn't have let him in.
He absently hailed a cab and gave the cabbie the address. Rosie could sense the aura of uneasiness that surrounded Sherlock and touched the man’s cheek with a chubby hand. Moved by the child’s attempt at comfort, the detective smiled and sweetly kissed her cheek. He decided to forget all his insecurities for once and trust in John and their love. Their relationship was not perfect but they were just getting used to each other and, hell, they had been together for just one month and a half, time would heal the wounds they still carried in their hearts.
“Don’t be rude, I told you Lucy was coming today - ” Everything was so confusing, the world was spinning around Sherlock, he could barely breath. “ - it’s time for her to meet this little bean. After all, two months is time enough to be sure and besides, she was dying to meet her.” John’s face had a strange grin, his voice full of mockery.
"NO! No, no, no. This is cruel even for you. How could I have John's child without him knowing it? I would not forgive myself. I desired to have kids with him, most ardently. But I would not resort to this as a revenge."
After a few seconds, Sherlock closed his eyes and started to move his lips. He desired to savour this moment, he had waited seven years for this. But it was too messy. They were not synchronized, John was moving too fast to Sherlock’s tentative nips. The young Holmes was trying to concentrate on breathing, he was starting to get dizzy and his knees were shaking. John didn’t stop pushing him, it was too intense. He pushed John away.
Megan got pregnant and despite the fact they were just students, they decided to have the baby. It probably was the reckless nature of youngsters. They felt indestructible, there was nothing that could bring them down. Sadly there was. As soon as Mr. and Mrs. Barnes found out they threatened to disinherit him.
Sherlock thought with disdain, he straightened his back and tried to contain that giddy feeling he got every time he looked at the army doctor.
Once out of Graves’ office, John walked down the hall, his slight limp showing but hardly noticeable to those passing him. He found an empty briefing room not far away and sat down to review his target’s file.
“I wish you’d stop fussing over me like someone’s maiden aunt, John! I told you I am fine. There is nothing wrong with me!”
Sherlock's hair looked much as usual John noted with amusement. His suit however was utterly ruined and quite unrecognizable from the day before. The shirt was too,  John saw with a pang of concern. Sherlock always liked to maintain a neat appearance…
John stood and surveyed the view from the window.  Despite it being 3:30 in the afternoon, darkness was starting to fall.  The day had hardly been light.  The rain hadn’t ceased since they’d arrived in Foxley; it fell on the roof with a steady hum, flowed down the inn’s drain pipes and formed puddles on the waterlogged ground. It was the sort of November afternoon he might have enjoyed before the war; settling before the fire with a book and a mug of hot tea.  But peace and contentment were gone from him now, torn from his soul by a burning sun; screams of anguish and death on hard-baked earth.  The hole that remained had refused to mend; through it everything that had been meaningful in his life had drained away, leaving him hollow.  He had felt the loss but had been unable to stop it.
John spoke first. “Since they know we are in Foxley, our…followers will have guessed that Welford is where we were headed. Our best chance of throwing them off our trail is to go nowhere; to stay here in Foxley.” He glanced at Sherlock who, despite the warmth of the car heater was beginning to tremble. “They won’t expect it and it’s better for you; any activity right now will set your progress back. I know someone in the village; we’ll have to drop in unannounced.”
Another three blocks into the chase and to John’s further alarm, two more Alphas had joined the first two. They were running together so they were obviously known to each other. They had probably coordinated with their mobiles. So this was to be a gang-rape then; recreation not procreation, John thought grimly. John couldn’t afford to hold back now, so he began to sprint. He was getting closer, but was still not close enough.
Later when they were cuddling under their duvet, John tracing the outline of one of Sherlock's well-defined pectoral muscles and Sherlock stroking the soft rounding of John's belly, John spoke. "Sherlock, I want to confide something in you."
When John didn’t answer, Sherlock spoke again, slowly, “An….acquaintance... of mine once pointed out that someone can walk through in hell and still be on the side of the angels, John.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed, “I require little sleep, Ælfric, but I wish to stay here beside you while you sleep.”
December sat with Sherlock in the booth while John ordered toast, milk and tea at the counter; the quickest items on the menu. The food arrived, served by the café owner who was brimming with barely restrained curiosity about his unlikely Christmas day customers, only to be quelled by a withering glance from Sherlock. December fell upon breakfast with enthusiasm, stuffing chunks of toast into his small mouth and gulping milk as fast as he could, spilling a great deal of it onto Sherlock beside him.
Sherlock had drawn himself up, his shoulders squared, his fists clenched and his feet planted in an aggressive stance.
John was out of his chair in an instant and bending to take Sherlock in his arms. “That’s not true, Sherlock! You’ve given me so much! So many things that no one else could have! It’s you who gave me my self-respect back, a reason for living, the opportunity to contribute something good and worthwhile to the world. I had none of those things before I met you. You saw value in me and trusted me with your life. My God, Sherlock, you love me! I know that you do. Do not think for a moment that sex is more important than that. It isn’t! Not to me! I’ll never leave you, never! Not for sex, not for anything!”
John had met Captain Moran briefly only once.  Speculation about the man’s atrocious activities had been confirmed for John by a medical colleague who had inadvertently found herself treating a prisoner who, it turned out, had been in the custody of Moran before he had come into her care. John’s colleague had done the best she could for the severely abused patient and succeeded in securing his protected status going forward, but, even the hardened battle surgeon that she was, she had been deeply disturbed by the victim’s condition.
But Sherlock, confused, was uncomforted.  He continued to tremble and whimper, frightened beyond all reason.
So as not to disturb December, thought John and grinned inwardly. His question had been a small test of course; it was becoming clear to him that something momentous had happened to Sherlock's heart when little December had laid his trusting head on his shoulder Christmas Eve.
"Geoffrey! The baby! Tell them, Harvey, please? Don't let them take him away! He needs me; he'll die without me Harvey! Oh God, my baby, tell them to give him to me please?! I'll do anything you want, just let me have him, please, please!"
But before she could say anything, John lifted his eyes from the still baby in his arms to look at Sherlock.  He smiled gently and reached a hand to Sherlock’s cheek.  “Come here,” he said.
Sherlock's response was soft, as was his hand on John's shoulder. "No, thank you John. I'll make the tea, please sit."
He didn't stir when Sherlock finally slid him off of his lap and under the duvet, drawing it up over him. Sherlock rose and stood looking down at John for a moment. He then turned to the door and switched off the room's ceiling light, but before he left, he turned back and said, "I will do as you ask me John; I will find Geoffrey for you."
The drive to a car park under a warehouse, back near the river was an uneventful one relative to the wild ride they’d just taken. John parked the car facing the entrance and picked up his mobile. Deliberately not looking at Sherlock, he hit redial on the last number called and waited.
"Knock next time. You scared John." Simple enough words but they were delivered in a threatening growl that gave them a whole different meaning, one that Lestrade did not miss. He glanced with interest from Sherlock to John, still frightened, in the far corner of the room.
The British Secret Service…CSIS...the CIA… purveyors in the torture trade, all.  John acknowledged to himself, belatedly, that he wouldn’t have been able to follow through on the job even if Blackburn hadn’t become ill and required medical help.  The flare of vengeful wrath he’d experienced when he learned of Blackburn’s association with QAT had burned out quickly. Intercepting Blackburn had done nothing to ease his pain, his constant companion since Afghanistan.  And offering up a man, any man, for torture and disappearance was not in John’s nature, no matter how damaged his soul.
Lestrade folded his arms and waited, knowing that insults to his officers was the price to be paid for Sherlock's assistance with any case…
“Oh dear! Is she still here? Goodness, how awkward.” Sherlock strolled into the living room and gazed dispassionately at Elizabeth, the subject of his comments, who was sitting, by now rigid with outrage, on the sofa beside John.
"The motivation is ambition. Simple. The three priests murdered worked in large prestigious London parishes, quite different from St. Patrick (which was another reason that the letter to Father Stansell was such an important clue; it did not fit the pattern). The contents of the hate-letters, untruthful accusations and dramatic threats of revenge were nonsense, of course, meant to distract us from the real motivation−that of Father Stansell obtaining a significant promotion to a large and important parish. In that sense all of the letters were red herrings."
Sherlock, now tired, rested back against the back of the bath tub with his eyes closed and murmured, “Nō, Ælfric.”
“But Ælfric, you do not know; others did live… I found their trail, iċ i  æfterfylge, I followed them − to go with them, of course, but they were too far ahead of me.  I could not catch up to them before they reached the firgenbeorg.”
“Yes…I’d love to feel you inside me, Sherlock.  And I’d love it if you came in me.  You know…” He lowered his voice to a dark whisper, “if you thrust into me and came deep inside…”
Did anyone know about this or had John borne it alone? Almost certainly John had been alone: isolation of the victim was a defining feature of this type of crime. And the thought of the man he had seen tonight suffering alone year after year made what he had witnessed all the more terrible.
But even as he sat up to grasp his rifle in preparation to investigate the door of his tent was pushed open and a filthy brute of a soldier filled the entrance.
Ten minutes later, they were sitting in the dark, resting their backs against an inside wall of the empty shed. They had made a slow circuit of the interior using Sherlock's mobile for light for they had decided it was too risky to use a torch. The back of the shed had been chosen as a resting spot because it was slightly less damp than everywhere else. John had produced a bar of chocolate and offered it to December who had gulped it down in seconds. Too hungry thought John, anger welling up in his chest once more. There was nothing for the child to drink which concerned him but he couldn't do anything about it for the moment. Sherlock had shed his coat and they had wrapped December in it and placed him between them.
“Hush! Stop now.” He rocked Sherlock back and forth.  “He’s dead.  I killed him.  They are both dead.” Cold satisfaction resonated in John's voice and in the expression on his face.  “You have nothing to be afraid of now. You are safe. They can never touch you again.”
If you see any mistakes or typos, please tell me on the comments below. English is not my first language.
Sherlock could feel a horrible pressure in his chest, he was fighting to get a simple word out of his mouth, he had suddenly lost the ability to speak. “Please… - ” He whispered brokenly, he could feel a panic attack coming, his breath shallow. “John, talk to me, please. I don’t understand. Tell me I’m wrong, tell me what I’m seeing in her, in you, is just a mistake.” his eyes were burning.
“John, I want to have sex with you”. The detective blurted one morning as they were having breakfast. John’s eyes widened in surprise and looked at him in disbelief.
Everyone thought the detective was not capable of feeling anything, they believed him some kind of heartless creature that lived for , a freak. They couldn’t be more mistaken. Sherlock doesn’t feel things the same way others do, that much is true. He doesn’t let emotions take over his mind, he has to be in complete control to solve crimes, he can’t allow himself to be distracted, one simple mistake can cost a life or the chance of giving the victims the justice they deserve.
" You've come out of your sedative induced coma a few times, couldn't even utter a single sound that resembled a word of the English language, or any existing language for all I know. Nevertheless, you did manage to say
John’s physical and emotional distance tore the detective’s heart apart. Sherlock knew John blamed him for everything even though the army doctor tried to conceal his discomfort towards the young Holmes. So he tried to redeem himself, he let John take whatever he needed from him, he let him beat him physically and psychologically.
Sherlock didn't really see a point in staying alive anymore, not that he ever did. He wanted to die, to vanish from this planet full of idiots. He saw an opportunity to live in John so he had given him everything. The soldier turned out to be a double-edged sword, he had the key to Sherlock's happiness but he could also take it all away from him. Now he had nothing. He was so dependent of the soldier he would probably die if he didn't see he him again.
On these rare occasions the young man would feel so intensely, emotion in its purest form would cascade over Sherlock’s sanity. He would let his fears and insecurities run free and the walls around him crumble. At times it was so overwhelming Sherlock had to fall back into the black pit created by drugs to get away from the chaos in his mind.
They were walking down the street after leaving Scotland Yard when John gripped the detective’s hand and dragged him into a dark alley. Tension was visible in his jaw, the way he gritted his teeth, hands closed into fists. He made sure nobody could see them and before Sherlock could ask what was wrong the army doctor pushed him into a wall and crashed his lips into the detective’s, efficiently shutting him up.
The air he was breathing had an undertone of bleach. There were few places that smelled as such, he had a list with all of them in his mind palace. He could be in Molly's lab right now, taking a nap on one of the free autopsy tables but the cannula shoved down his throat seemed to disagree, as well as the stiff mattress he was laying on, the catheter dangling from his arm, the beeping coming from the machines, the indistinct chatter of the nurses outside his room.
“ Oh, come on, she doesn’t understand a thing of what we’re saying. She’s a brilliant child but you as a doctor should know that kids their age understand individual sounds not an entire sentence. And don’t try to distract me, is it because I’m a virgin? I admit I’m not an expert on this matter but I have done my research. The internet has endless information about sexual intercourse, some of it extremely bizarre but I’m not opposed to try if you were into that kind of… stuff ”.
"In the end it was John Hamish Watson the one to burn the heart out of you. I warned you, all lives end... all hearts are broken... caring is not an advantage".
Sherlock was not exactly ecstatic when she died, mind you. John and Rosie were hurting and he couldn’t help but share their pain.
John left for his shift at the clinic and Sherlock stayed with Rosie. He fed her, changed her, played violin for her, she seemed to enjoy the last task immensely as she couldn’t stop emitting little cries of contentment. He never imagined himself with kids but after Rosie he could not fathom a world without her. She did not judge him when he rambled for hours or when he accidentally burned the milk. Rosamund loved him just the way he was, the way only a newborn could love the ones that took care of them, unconditionally.
It turns out the man was not as perfect as everyone believed him to be. A year before graduating from university he had met a girl, Megan. She was not rich nor religious, she was rather liberal and was a member of the university’s feminist group. Everything the Barnes family did not want for their prodigal son.
Sherlock didn’t quite know what to do. This was not his first kiss, he had had to do it for a few cases. And Janine. But nothing like this.
Someone else - someone not Sherlock - would have noticed John’s speech didn’t sound so sincere. It was too overworked, too cheesy, it probably contained lines from movies or books, but Sherlock was like a child with a veil over his eyes in terms of love. He was so innocent and his feelings for John were so strong that he let himself believe this indisputable farse.
, you are an invaluable asset to society. Your brain... you could change the world. And... It would break my heart to see you go." This blatant demonstration of sentiment from Mycroft was so rare, this probably would not happen ever again.
"So... What's next for the great Sherlock Holmes? Are you planning on returning to London and keep working with Scotland Yard? We're in Paris, I'm sure you've noticed. Mother and Father are here too, they are in the hotel refreshing themselves at the moment. They have barely rested. They are concerned about your wellbeing. And not only physically, they know how sensitive you are. After all, you were a very emotional child. You should expect a visit from our progenitors in about ...-" Mycroft paused to look at the watch in his right wrist. "- 35 minutes. I believe that will be enough time to discuss your
of John Watson?" The atmosphere had suddenly shifted, Mycroft turned to look at him straight in the eye. He's trying to deduce me.
"I'm not going back. Not to London, not to Scotland Yard, not to 221B. Please take care of Mrs. Hudson. I expect John to keep living at Baker Street. He does not have the income to buy another house. Maybe he will move, eventually. If he does, make sure Mrs. Hudson receives the amount corresponding to the rent monthly. As for me... I wish to take up on your offer. That mission in Serbia. Is it still vacant?"
“Hey there, pumpkin.” John kissed Rosie’s head and the little girl threw herself into her father’s arms. “ Hi, Sherlock.” the doctor added curtly, cleared his throat and turned to face a short woman Sherlock hadn’t realised had been there all the time. “Lucy, this is Sherlock, my flatmate - ” the detective wasn’t surprised by John’s introduction, he probably wasn’t ready to out himself to his colleagues and understood the doctor’s position “- and this beautiful angel here is Rosamund, my daughter.”
The silence in the room was disturbed by the muffled voices of doctors and nurses, the chirping of the birds near the window, the wheels turning inside Mycroft's head. It was obvious he was thinking of a way to save his brother. A rather difficult enterprise when that person didn't wish to be saved. Suddenly he remembered. He remembered something he read in John's file the first day he became of aware of his and his brother's newfound friendship. The idea was twisted at best, it could be considered unethical even. However, he would do anything to keep his brother alive.
He slowly opened his eyes, it felt like his eyelids had been glued together and it took an awful long time to adjust to the light streaming through the window. It was sunny outside. He would have preferred London's gloomy weather a thousand time over. It would have matched his current emotional state more accurately. But instead he had this perfect day, he could almost hear families laughing together, parents playing with their children in the park making most the of the sun and warm temperature. They were laughing at him.
name...- " he stopped as soon as he realized how accelerated Sherlock's heartbeat became when he mentioned Dr. Watson. "You had a heart attack. It isn't at all surprising considering your past drug dependency, your on-off relationship with cigarettes and the 'care' you put into maintaining the transport, as you so call it. It was only a matter of time and a bit of sentiment. And you, dear brother, seem to have a lot of that ." He paused and gave the detective a side glance. " The damage was not too extensive, you were seen to with swiftness as you fainted in front of a clinic. Felicitous. The physicians in charge of your case heavily advise you acquire healthier sleeping patterns and diet. Allow me to call a nurse so they can extubate you."
, after solving a case they had been investigating for five days, John’s behaviour took a turn. In the beginning, Sherlock attributed this change to the lack of sleep and the days without a meal that hadn’t come out of a vending machine.
“Sherlock, spot on as always. Who would have thought you could be so blind for other things, or more accurately, for someone. If only Moriarty had known…tsk, tsk, tsk… it would have been so easy for him to burn the heart out of you. But he didn’t, I did.” he licked his lips and smiled cruelly “You know why I’m doing this, right? This is for Mary. You took her away from me and from Rosie. She’ll never know her mum because of you, you killed her. It should have been you. Instead you are here begging for someone to love you, to take your virginity. Disgusting. No one can love you, Sherlock, not really. You are a freak, a self-absorbed arrogant prick. And least of all fuck you, ¿have you seen yourself? Every time you touched me I had to contain the urge to vomit” John was attacking all of Sherlock’s insecurities, one by one. They were mostly lies, but John knew the detective was believing every single syllable he uttered. “You should never have come back, you should have stayed dead.” the soldier’s eyes were wide and red, full of rage. Sherlock was trembling, tears cascading down his face, the pain was so bad. This is the disadvantage Mycroft was talking about, to give your heart to someone who doesn’t want it and letting them do with it whatever they please. Even destroy it in the most vicious way.
People seem to live in an illusion, somewhere they can choose which path to follow, somewhere they can build the lives they want, somewhere they can cheat death, somewhere destiny is just but a word.
"As much as I hate myself for admitting this... I should have listened to you. Do not make me repeat myself. I know you heard me perfectly."
Sherlock’s body grew cold as he read the short notice. He felt a shiver run up his spine. He can’t say he didn’t expect this, Mr. Kane had shown all the signs of someone with suicidal tendencies but he had believed he would live for his young lover. Or so he had hoped. The detective inexplicably saw himself reflected in the older man and couldn’t avoid wondering if he would do the same were John to die. He knew the answer. It felt like a bad omen.
He thought he had had everything. But now it was gone. He had believed the universe would let him get what he wanted this time. His chance to be happy after an existence of hiding his true self from everyone. However, he was destined to a life of emotional isolation. It felt like a curse, to die alone without a single soul who cared. From a very young age Sherlock had had to struggle with loneliness and rejection from his peers and the only thing that helped him get through the darkest hours was hope. He prayed for the day where he would find someone that loved him as much as he needed to be loved, someone who cared if he lived or died. The detective would never admit it to anyone but he yearned to feel the warmth of love, the touch of a tender lover, a smile that could light up his insides, the flicker of devotion in his beloved eyes.
After two restless days of running around London trying to find clues that could lead them to the real identity of the victim they ran into a surprise. A freelance journalist claimed he had proof that an important member of the Conservative Party, Alistair Barnes, had a hidden past. Mr. Barnes was the poster boy for rectitude. The Tory came from a wealthy family, he had studied in the best schools and universities, he didn’t drink alcohol, didn’t smoke or do drugs, had being celibate until he had married a girl just as perfect as him.
Feeling Sherlock pressed against him, eager and excited, John finally allowed himself to give in to his Alpha nature.  He pressed his cheek to Sherlock’s back and clung to him in awed gratitude; knowing that at last he had found his home; the extraordinary being he held in his arms, his beloved Sherlock, was the guardian of his heart and his life.  With this realization, his body convulsed and he stiffened with the physical exertion of orgasm and ejaculation; utterly vulnerable in that moment but entrusting his body to Sherlock.  His groan of release resounded around the quiet bedroom, “Sherlock…God…I love you…!”
“Yes, right here Sherlock.” John turned from pouring boiling water into the tea pot to smile at him, firmly repressing the jolt of desire that flared in his belly at the sight of him. “You must be hungry,” he said.
Sherlock, who had been rooted in place outside the private hospital room door listening to the ugly tirade inside, heard a rapid scuffle in the room accompanied by a sharply indrawn gasp and waited no longer. He acted on instinct, lunging through the door and into the room. He saw a heavy-set Alpha with a flushed face, one hand gripping his Omega's hair, the other hand twisting the man's jaw, forcing his face toward his own. His mate had been trying to cower into the pillows, his face as white as they were.
John stroked Sherlock’s hair back from his forehead and gazed down at him, his expression conveying the depth of his love for Sherlock and also the wonder he felt at Sherlock’s acceptance of him as a mate.  Sherlock looked back at him before his eye lids slid shut and he sighed. He tried to lift a limp arm to his shirt buttons, obviously wanting to undo them, but his coordination had left him.
After Sherlock had relaxed and was resting easily, John said casually, “You know, Sherlock, if you ever do want to try again, there’s an easy work-around.  I mean, lots of people like to have sex in the shower. I think you’d like it too.  Imagine how great it would be to have the water running over your body while I touched you…and you wouldn’t see or feel any semen, mine or yours, right?  It would be private too; we’d be surrounded by water and steam where no one else could possibly see us.”  He paused before he added offhandedly, “It’s something to think about anyway.”
John turned to Sherlock.  “Alright?” he asked with concern.  “Yes,” said Sherlock and then grinned weakly, “Quite alright, actually.”
John's pain was devastating and Sherlock felt helpless; what did he know about babies and pregnancy loss? He tried to draw on whatever instincts had been compelling him to try to help John since he'd first met him.
John’s heart broke at the sight of him. “Sherlock, no! No, I wasn’t going to hurt you, I swear it. I’m sorry I frightened you; I thought you were in danger, that’s all. I’m sorry. I love you, Sherlock! I would never hurt you!”
The soothing hand was batted away in annoyance. “And…what about you...doctor?” Sherlock demanded between gasps, “Your PTSD? How long will…it last…untreated as it is?” he bit out the accusation between dragging in lungful’s of air and glaring at John.
“Open your eyes, please. Look at me…” John’s quiet request stopped Blackburn’s ramblings, although his coughing and gasping for air continued.
Sherlock, semi-conscious from the blow to his head, slumped sideways as his captor’s hand fell away. But by then, pistol placed on the gravel beside them, John was there to catch him before he could hit the tracks. Even barely conscious, Sherlock knew he was home. His body sagged against John and he sighed softly, his eyelids flickering momentarily before closing against his pale cheeks.
Sherlock sighed. Setting aside the puzzle of John's aura for now (he remembered a recent paper he'd seen somewhere on bioenergetics…perhaps he should dig it out and read it…) he decided to broach with John something that he had been putting off all day. He didn't want to make John unhappy but he should offer to share with him what he had learned.
Lestrade, who had been concentrating his attention on Sherlock turned to John and saw immediately Sherlock's cause for concern. John's face was pale and his hands were beginning to tremble. He was obviously becoming upset.
Less than five minutes after they had left the pub, John was steering the car into a high-hedged driveway a short distance from the village. He drew to a stop near the front door of an old but neatly maintained cottage.
The private scrambled desperately to his hands and knees and crawled as fast as he could into the darkness.   John watched him leave and then scanned the area for any other alphas who may have been hovering while their mate tried his luck. If there had been any, they were gone now, he noted grimly.  He turned into his tent once more, secured the door and, finding the omega had disappeared, went to his cot and squatted beside it. He called out softly, “Hey little one, I’d like you to come out now… the soldiers are gone, it’s just me here now and I won’t hurt you, I promise.”
He wiped a defeated arm over his forehead. Where was Sherlock anyway? The longer he was out, the greater his risk of assault and although he was well able to look after himself ordinarily, tonight he was not in his usual fighting form. And the summer heat always made Alphas more aggressive…
“Mike must have had a friend drive them to the airport. Thank God for airport parking being astronomically costly. We’ll borrow their number plates. That will buy us some time.” John said, “Stay here, please. I’ll pick you up around front when I’ve got them switched over.”
"I was telling the truth when you asked me about it in the hospital Sherlock, I really didn't see or hear anything the entire time I was there!"
John had spent a long night beside Sherlock, his hand on Sherlock’s back, thinking over the situation and trying to decide what he should do, if anything. He was certain that Sherlock was sexually maturing as an Omega at last, for some reason; John himself could sense it now that he was alerted to the possibility.
Sherlock looked confused and anxious. “But I thought we−” he stopped, “I mean…I hoped you might lie-in with me.”
After a long silence, Sherlock asked, “In your opinion, as a doctor, John, what do you think happened to me? Am I asexual or repressed or something else?”
But John's biology held him a prisoner it seemed, for as his mate turned his back on him and walked out the door, he lurched desperately as if to try to follow, tearing the IV tubes from his arms and croaking, "No! Please Harvey! I need − come back! Please!" And when the door swung shut leaving the room in silence, he gave a curdling wail of despair and would have collapsed off the bed if Sherlock hadn't caught him.
The only sound John could hear was terrified raspy breathing from far under the cot; the omega likely had a lung infection… in addition to other obvious injuries.
The door of 221 B was flung wide, startling John so he almost banged his head on an open cupboard door. It was December returning from school, making his usual enthusiastic entrance to the flat; today clutching a handful of Christmas candies and a tin of homemade shortbread cookies given to him by Mrs. Hudson.
“Well, we will find out what went wrong and then we will discuss what you will do to rectify the situation.  Ask Robert Trenholm to pay me a visit. Immediately, if you would.”
Sherlock was silent for a long moment studying John, before he agreed slowly, “Alright…if you say so, John.”
John was ready with his pistol. In one practised motion he brought the muzzle down against their would-be assassin’s temple as he pushed through the doorway, and pulled the trigger. The man dropped; killed instantly. Without hesitation, John stepped over the body to glance into the outside hallway. Seeing no one, he withdrew again and bent to drag the body into the room and close the door.
Before any of them could say anything further, December's head emerged from Sherlock's coat, wondering, no doubt, why Sherlock's deep voice was no longer rumbling soothingly in his ear. He took one look at the social worker and Lestrade and, knowing with his child's intuition that something was going badly wrong, he screamed shrilly and dove back into the safe haven of Sherlock's coat. John and Sherlock both recoiled at the heart-wrenching wail.
“As if you care what’s right or wrong.” Watson’s voice was harsh. But his next words were even harsher, “Alright. I’ll do it.”
John pressed his lips together and frowned. “So not a recruit to the QAT cause then.  Not a brilliant chemist turned traitor?” Fury was welling up.  “Just an amateur detective with a poor ability to pick friends. Is that it?” He rose with an angry shake of his head and began to pace the interior wall of the room with his hands on his hips.
The Simarine had been renowned in the region as peacemakers; dedicated to protecting the Sidesan Lakes and the surrounding woods for the use and benefit of all. They were as at home in the water as they were on land due to their unusual adaptations of syndactyly for fast swimming and specialized eyelids which protected their excellent under-water vision. The decimation of this unique human population and the precious ecosystem they inhabited was one of the worst atrocities of the war to date.
In a matter of minutes they had reached Slough and John drew into a deserted, crumbling car park, liberally sprayed with graffiti, and brought the car to a stop. He stepped from the driver’s side of the vehicle, reaching behind the seat for his medical bag as he did so. By the time he had rounded the car and reached the passenger door, he was a different man.  Although unaware of it himself, he no longer possessed the edginess of a “hired-gun” but instead had taken on the mantle of quietly efficient doctor.
“Then why will you not go with me into the next world, the world beyond this one when our time here is over? Why will our mating end? I do not want to be without you. Do you not mate forever, Ælfric?” Sherlock’s eyes were tragic.
"You don't have to try to be worthy of anything John. You are already are. You just need to believe it."
Sherlock nodded. Pained confusion was written on his face for it was the first time in his life that he had not enjoyed the reveal of a murderer. And never again would he experience the pure rush of victory, flowing through his veins like the drug it was for him, when he solved a case. The expression on John's face would be a memory that would ground him; forever temper his exhilaration with a sobering awareness of the pain and devastation that the criminals he pursued left in their wake.
John was silent, his breathing almost imperceptible, before he whispered, "I don't… know anything…and I saw…nothing. You can leave now."
Trying not to look menacing but failing, Sherlock said nothing. John sent a silent prayer of thanks heavenward for Lestrade and held his breath.
John turned to look at Sherlock who hadn’t moved from where he had first stowed him; he was staring ahead bemusedly, his fingers gently touching his lips.
Sherlock shook his head. "I…I don't think so John." He was silent for several seconds. "I…am very glad you are here now." And I can help you live, he thought. "I can't bring Geoffrey back but I will help you in every other way."
He was still struggling to catch up with his peers in school due to his difficult start in life. His teachers assured them that he would succeed; it would just take time.
Sherlock nodded and relaxed back into the curve of John’s arm.  John turned the hot water tap on to warm up the cooling bath water and resumed bathing his patient.  He ghosted his hand over Sherlock’s bruised chest with light fingers, watching his patient’s face closely for signs of pain that might indicate his ribs were cracked or broken.  Satisfied they weren’t, next he probed the youth’s abdomen gently, looking for tender spots and he touched his hand to his delicate penis, checking as carefully as he could for signs of injury. The youth’s breath hitched slightly but he seemed to feel no discomfort at John’s touch.  Relieved, John then stroked his fingers between the omega’s buttocks and thighs, to check for injury, but also to gauge the progress of his heat.  He steeled himself against the flare of excitement that this action brought him; having anticipated it based on his body’s response to the youth earlier.  This time at John’s intimate touch, Sherlock gasped and lurched in surprise. He drew his legs up sharply, wincing in pain from his injured ankle as he did so, and pulled away, staring up at John with an expression of alarm.
The Alpha holding Sherlock was next; shot through the ear as he stared incredulously at his friend, now lying with his trousers still down but dead on his back in front of Sherlock. The short Alpha who had risen after Sherlock hit him, to masturbate and watch his friend in Sherlock’s mouth, didn’t attempt to run; he knew he was dead even before he looked up from Sherlock and into John’s narrowed eyes. He dropped his hand from his cock, and his mouth, which had been slack with pleasure, only had time to form a small round ‘o’ of protest before John shot him between the eyes.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock was reading a book his arm around John, absently stroking the skin at the base of John’s neck. He hadn’t noticed that John had put down his Journal of Social Work several minutes earlier.
With that, even before he had finished his sentence, Sherlock was out of his chair and half-way across the room toward the stairs in his haste to check on John.
John untied the belt imprisoning Sherlock’s wrists and rubbed his hands for him to get their circulation back. While he was working, Sherlock sat still and quiet where he had settled, almost on John’s lap. When John was done and was once more supporting him in a hug, Sherlock’s eyes flickered open and he raised his head to stare at John. His body was heavy and pliant and he blinked several times as if to try to focus his vision. “John…I...want you. Now. I need you.” He closed his eyes as a tremor shook his body. John could feel wet heat spreading where Sherlock rested against his thigh. And dear God, the surge of arousal that coursed through John in response to it, and Sherlock’s whispered plea, swept almost every vestige of rational thought from John’s mind. He began to pant and shake under the force of his desire. Trying to fight it off, he sucked in a deep breath of air and gripped Sherlock’s face with both hands. “Open your eyes, Sherlock,” he urged.
John, sitting at the table composing a shopping list, jerked his head up in time to see Sherlock reach for his mobile as if to send a text. Sherlock never made it. John sprang from his seat, his face contorted with fury, and launched himself across the room in a violent tackle to flatten Sherlock onto his back on the sofa seat where he sat astride him and pinned his shoulders to the cushions with painful pressure. His eyes bored into Sherlock’s and he hissed, “Go ahead Sherlock! Do it! And while you’re at it, add a P.S. from me to Sebastian Wilkes…” John spat out the name, “…letting him know that it will be his last 10 seconds on earth, because I’ll blow his head off before he gets in the door of the flat, the bastard!”
“Homer called him the luck-bringing messenger of the Gods.” John was looking interested, so Sherlock continued.  “At birth he refused to stay in his heavenly cradle; he wanted to fly so much that he leapt up and left his mother to take to the sky. He is important in Greek mythology as the guider of souls to the after-life. Of all the Gods, he is the divine crosser-of-borders between the worlds.  He moves effortlessly between this world and the next, John.”
Half an hour later, the electric heat turned on, they were sitting in the now slightly warmer kitchen, sipping mugs of strong tea, sugared and milk-less, and munching hot buttered toast. John, observing Sherlock, was pleased to see his colour returning, although his movements were still slow and awkward.
John drew his hand away from the drawer as if stung and bit out an expletive. His hold on Sherlock tightened painfully. Moran of course, would have such a revolting stash! Visons of the man’s activities in the very room they were in caused John’s vision blur with rage.  No wonder he had instinctively avoided the place! Everything about Moran, especially this, was antithetical to all that John stood for.
John blinked and took a step backward, unused to such a bald assessment of his mental−and sexual−weaknesses by a complete stranger.
At this trusting expression of forgiveness, John’s iron suit of armour, the heavy burden of the warrior−already weakened by the sweet ways of this lovely, other-worldly creature−cracked and fell away entirely. Holding Sherlock, he felt something brilliant and new burst forth from within; infinitely stronger than the leaden armour it replaced, burning through him with the power of a hundred suns. With a choked exclamation he bent his head toward the undeniable cause of it; the seemingly magical being he held in his arms.
"I said the murderer was ambitious, I didn't say he was intelligent." Sherlock was scornful. "He had established a pattern of delivering the letters on a Wednesday afternoon, probably a poor attempt to make the murders look ritualistic in some way. So, when he failed to deliver the letter to St. Patrick as planned that day, he had to try again immediately or wait another week. And, it was imperative that someone other than Father Stansell find the letter, to witness it, so to speak. With the investigation intensifying, the murderer felt he couldn't afford to wait."
John couldn't keep the shock out of his voice as he stilled and stared into the corner of the dingy room − the locked door of which Sherlock had just put his shoulder through. When something had first caught his attention he had assumed that it was an animal, a stray dog or cat, sheltering in a deserted building on a cold winter day. And it was cold for London, not at all nice weather for Christmas Eve.
John had switched from crying now that he had Sherlock, to smiling radiantly instead. He began to return Sherlock's embrace, hugging him tightly, pressing kisses on his lips and repeating, "Thank you Sherlock, thank you! A baby, our baby! It's what I wanted, I didn't expect it of course, but that didn't stop me from wanting it!"
“I’m not sure Sherlock. You suffered extreme abuse at a vulnerable time in your sexual development. That kind of experience impacts people differently.” He squeezed Sherlock tightly in his arms before continuing, “The fact that you had a healthy and emotionally rich sexual identity developing as a child counter-indicates asexuality. And there’s no reason to think that you have a physical problem since you had no difficulty stimulating yourself to orgasm before the abuse.”
Blackburn’s condition was not good. His central nervous system was inexplicably depressed; his breathing was shallow and his blood pressure low. Examination completed, John stepped back from his patient to rest one hand on his hip and the other on the car door. He observed Blackburn. John was puzzled. If he didn’t know it was impossible he would have diagnosed the man as suffering from a drug overdose.
He waited for John to quiet.  “You couldn’t be more mistaken about me – well, alright, you are correct that I’m magnificent and intelligent, I’ll give you that,” he said, trying to make John smile, “− but…on the children point, you must allow me to decide for myself and I assure you that it doesn’t matter to me.  Look at me and you’ll see it true.”  He sought John’s eyes.  “And I don’t mean I don’t like children, I do, frankly more than a lot of adults I meet, so if you want a child someday John, I’m very willing to consider other options.”
Sherlock moaned and shook once more in John’s arms. A warm slick of lubricant, sweet scented and seductive, flowed over John’s fore arm where he was cradling Sherlock on his lap. It was so potent and compelling that it caused John to tremble and cling to him, groaning helplessly and delving deeply into Sherlock’s mouth with his own. When he finally pulled away it was to pant heavily in Sherlock’s ear, “Oh God, Sherlock! God, I want you so badly!”
They took turns holding December and walking the floor of the small shed until it was light enough to start out on the path once more.
Sherlock, fully aware of John's scrutiny of course, looked up and caught him off guard with one of his, for-John-only, highly flirtatious, the-name-is-Sherlock-Holmes winks.
“When the armies arrived on that day...” Sherlock’s voice shook slightly, “The Elder Council made the decision to hide the lakes.  It was right to do so; it is what must be done under such circumstances. It has been done before in our history but then the knowledge of how to bring the lakes back was retained by the people who survived.  I fear that that is not the case this time; the lakes may be gone forever.”
It was when Sherlock was preparing for bed that he heard a cry from upstairs. Knowing this time what was happening, he dropped his toothbrush in the basin and sprinted up the staircase, barefoot and shirtless. He opened John's door to see him by the stream of the light from the hall gasping and clutching his middle in acute distress. He was repeating, "No, no, no, please no," in an anguished chant.
John knew without asking. “You weren’t?”  He drew on his physician’s training.  Let the patient talk, encourage them…
John was rigidly erect as Sherlock had already discerned through their pyjamas, but delicate, as he should be, slim and graceful, rising from a swirl of golden hair. Sherlock reached with a warm and smooth palm to stroke him, seeking John’s eyes for confirmation as he did so. John, relieved and trusting, smiled up at him before closing his eyes and reaching for Sherlock’s other hand around his shoulder.
John turned the light on and with gentle hands probed the bump and small cut on Sherlock’s head while Sherlock lay still and quiet.
“Because you need an Omega who can give you lots of children, Sherlock. You are a magnificent Alpha, intelligent, courageous and so loving and gen…tle…” John choked over his last words.
to eat, I'm sure I will enjoy it. But why bother unless you feel like it? I'd had it in mind to order take-away, perhaps Chinese…"
After supper, with the dishes washed and put away, Sherlock sat at the table with his lap-top and John, sitting on the couch, resumed reading his book, The Urban Social Geography of London, which he had begun earlier in the day. Despite the quietness, Sherlock found it difficult to concentrate. Instead, he found himself casting frequent side-long glances at John. The evening was chilly. The temperature outside had dipped significantly over the course of the day to where it was now hovering on freezing. John was wearing his thick sweater but Sherlock found himself worrying that John was not warm enough. He rose from the table and lit the gas fire.
Sherlock’s words were cut off by a sudden irritated exclamation from John, “You don’t want soup?!” he snapped, “As if there is a menu to choose from, Sherlock!  You should be worrying about bigger things than whether or not the soup suits your taste!  Do you have any idea the kind of danger you are in?! Any idea at all, Sherlock?!”
John started to tear up and his voice trembled, "someone pushed me from behind, very hard Sherlock… I tried to catch myself..." he looked up at Sherlock beseechingly, "I tried to stop myself from falling, I did, Sherlock, but I couldn't and I fell into the little table. It shattered when I landed on it and one of the broken legs hit me in the stomach, then I fell onto the wooden pew beside me before I landed on the floor."
John conducted a careful examination of the room for anything that might indicate where Sherlock had gone after he’d escaped his bonds. He found nothing related to Sherlock, but to his further disgust and anger he found evidence that others had been in the room before Sherlock. There were numerous spots of dried blood, for although the walls and floor had been cleaned, faint reddish stains were still visible. There were two metal rings in the floor and fragments of rope, overlooked during cleaning, in the corners of the room under the sinks. On another wall near the floor he found scratch marks where perhaps a captive had tried to inscribe letters or a word. Sick to his stomach; he knew without a doubt that he was in a chamber of unspeakable horrors; a sadistic psychopath’s private playroom.
The destination was Kew Gardens.  The sun was beginning to sink toward the horizon as they entered the park; the air held that hushed anticipation of spectacular things to come that characterizes the early days of spring.  Mauve and white crocuses and ever-shy snowdrops were closing their petals against the cool evening air but the Japanese flowering cherries, like triumphant brides in their wedding finery, refused to be dimmed by the twilight.  It was under the fragrant shelter of one of these glorious ladies, surrounded by drifts of pink and white cherry-petals that Sherlock guided John to a seat on a bench.
At the touch of the gun and the sound of John’s quiet voice ordering him to get into the car, Blackburn froze, but only for a moment. After the brief hesitation he cooperated without protest, to John’s surprise - although targets were always somewhat unpredictable in their responses. Blackburn slid obediently into the front passenger seat and lowered his head to his knees when ordered to do so. He was still and silent as John secured his wrists behind his back and, keeping his weapon to Blackburn’s head, accessed the driver’s seat using the back passenger door and climbing between the seats.
The two agents maintained their steady aim with their weapons. The man positioned on the driver's side of Mercedes shouted, “Get out! And lemme see your hands!”
Oh yes, thought John to himself, grimly.  Mycroft will definitely listen to what I have to say to him; ‘The British Government Complicit in Horrific Child Sexual Abuse’ makes a riveting headline and is sure to keep tabloid reporters with microphones and cameras standing on the front step of the Diogenes Club for days, if not weeks, not to mention to hacking one’s phones…
Sherlock returned his look and was still for a moment before looking away and enquiring cheerfully, "Breakfast, December?"
Sherlock had entered quietly enough, remembering that noise might scare the child, but too quickly. He heeded John’s caution at once, stopping where he stood.
“I’m sorry, Liz! I really am! We’ll go out. To the pub! Liz, wait!” John rose to follow her but his pleadings were punctuated only by a vigorous slamming of the door and the rapid tread of footsteps going down the stairs.
The memory of this drove an unfamiliar stab of fear through John’s chest which, before he had control of it, had choked off his breath and clouded his vision. What if he wasn’t in time to stop what would surely happen to Sherlock? The sensation of fear was so unfamiliar that John faltered for a second. He hadn’t felt fear in years and momentarily he forgot how to deal with it.  Don’t fight it, use it, he coached himself, channel it from the mind and into the limbs, into strength and speed…
The result of John’s decision, apparently, was that Sherlock felt he was being ‘mother hen-ed’. Well, he probably is thought John ruefully, but his concern was so strong that he had difficulty backing off. However, on this afternoon, in the interests of giving Sherlock some space, he bid him a casual good-bye and took himself off on a quick trip to the shops. He’d pick up some creamed honey for their tea. He had discovered that Sherlock had a fondness for it and he knew they were out.
Mycroft rose from his desk abruptly to pace before the window. The creeping shadows of late afternoon kept his expression hidden from the two men still seated.  Neilson and Trenholm glanced at one another, knowing they had been dismissed.
Sherlock said haughtily, “I’ve done it before John; I knew what I was doing. I jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s once, in fact−”
It was in a container near the end of the second row that he found Sherlock at last; curled up on the bottom of the container and motionless. He was naked and bloodied; bright streaks of red glistened against the whiteness of his skin in the beam of John’s torch. He held against him the torn remnants of John’s T-shirt; the one he'd been wearing when he was abducted.
He saw her expression but was unable to stop.  “Ten and one quarter inches. Hair blonde. Eyes likely blue and brown. Cause of death, placental abruption.” Sherlock halted with sharply indrawn breath, struggling to control his facial muscles, his eyes desperate.
When they were both dry and dressed, John moved them to an unused operating theatre where he could seat Sherlock on a gurney and re-bandage the cut over his eye and his injured ankle. Sherlock followed John’s practised movements with clearly absorbed fascination.
The boy slowed as he drew near the unresponsive Sherlock, not as certain of himself as he had been a moment earlier. He stopped, and suddenly, before John could say anything, his small face crumpled and he sobbed, "They were right! Batman doesn't like 'chickens' and he doesn't like me!"
Looking at Sherlock now, cold and dishevelled but clutching the child possessively in his precious overcoat, John recognized paternal love at work even if Sherlock himself did not. It might be rare, but when Sherlock loved, it was sudden, powerful and to the death, as John knew only too well.
As for Blackburn, although robbed of his reason and mastery over his own body, he knew enough to surrender to the man in whose hands he found himself.  Whether he would live or die, by unspoken agreement between the two of them, was now John’s to determine.
John spoke, "Sherlock, I…I…am feeling tired after all. I think I'll go upstairs now. Nice to meet you Greg. Please excuse me," he stood and turned away toward the stairs.
"I lost my mobile when I fell! I couldn't get up but I looked everywhere that I could on the floor around me in the nave and the foyer. When I couldn't find it, I lay there as still as I could, wondering how best to get help and that's when Father Stansell and his curate came in and they called an ambulance."
After a short silence Sherlock asked, “How can you be so sure I can change, John? What makes you believe that?”
He wanted nothing more than, after drinking his fill of Sherlock sleeping peacefully, to kiss him awake and make tender love to him for the rest of day, maybe even through the next night as well. But he must not. He must allow Sherlock, when he awoke, the time and space he would need to reflect on his experiences of yesterday. Sherlock would feel much differently about everything today, without hormones and wild emotions pulling him in opposing directions. So John would back away now and give him the freedom he needed to adjust to his new identity.
"John!" Sherlock reached for him, the tea forgotten, and began to explore John's body with frantic urgency. But John recovered from his faint as soon as he hit the floor and was struggling to sit up. He clutched his banged head and moaned, "God, my head hurts!" then, turning his face away from Sherlock, he was sick on the floor.
Sherlock looked up. He said carefully, “John, would you like tea? I’m making toast. It’s almost done.”
Sherlock didn’t comply immediately.  He sighed before he reached slowly to accept the phone, “If you insist, John.” He squinted, his vision not completely normal yet, and pecked out a series of numbers on the screen with his elegant fingers.  He put the phone to his ear and waited.
Sherlock accepted the soup with delicate grace, gifting John with the pleasure of watching the spoon slide between his perfect lips to be licked clean and returned.
“On his way to settling into his old quarters I should think.  I am moving you into barracks, Watson, for the remaining two days of your rotation.” He glanced at his watch.  “The warrant officer will make the arrangements for your new accommodations. Dismissed!”
"Wait, you said…what did you think Sherlock?" An accusatory note crept into his voice and he looked at Sherlock in disbelief. "That I'm upset over Harvey's death?! You think I would grieve for Harvey?"
“I love you very much, Sherlock.” His voice was starting to shake slightly. “But you should know, it’s only fair…” Sherlock could tell tears weren’t far off now. Concerned, he nuzzled John’s ear. “What John? I’m sure it’s fine.”
He then said softly, "But thank you for the tea, John. You make an excellent cup of tea, which is welcome at any time." He smiled tenderly at John who blushed and nodded his head.
The agent pulled John’s pistol from his arm holster and raised it to show his colleague, “Got it, Bill.”
When he got no response; Sherlock hadn’t moved, he only sighed slightly, John continued, “I’m still wondering how they found us; they must have had a car at every cross-road between Foxley and London to have intercepted us on this route. But for that, they’d have to have called out every resource in the country, which is impossible…” John’s brow furrowed.  “Even if it is the case, then how... and why!?”
Trenholm’s expression became unreadable.  He prevaricated, recalling Graves's description of the look in John’s eye when he’d been told of his target’s connection to QAT. He said, “Watson, until yesterday, has been the firm’s most talented and reliable contractor.” Then he betrayed his irritation by adding, “He’s never snapped-out on us before!”
Sherlock sighed. His heart ached at the thought, but John must be informed of his true nature so he could take his rightful place in society. And no one deserved respect and privilege more than John.
John hailed the first passing cabbie, who pulled over and accepted them into the back seat with barely a glance, to John’s relief. They appeared as simply a tired couple headed home, slightly under-dressed and dishevelled at the end of a sweltering August day.
Sherlock nodded and climbed out of the cab but as John had known he would be, he was almost too exhausted to climb the stairs to the flat. John half carried him the final few steps and through the door. At least Sherlock hadn’t suffered another episode of heat-fueled sexual desperation since he’d run from the flat, which pleased John who wanted him to be able to sleep and not have to struggle more with the unfamiliar sensations of a heat and the frightening loss of control over his own body.
As soon as he was free Sherlock reached for and enfolded John, vomit and all, into his arms. "What John? Is it bad news? We'll get through it, don't worry. Mycroft knows specialists…"
Lestrade sipped his mug of unsweetened tea and wondered absently at his discovery, speculating that perhaps it arose from Sherlock's own social awkwardness, which, although Sherlock never let-on, Greg knew he was sensitive about. It was a new insight into the perplexing man who was Sherlock Holmes; a man Lestrade was very fond of, despite Sherlock's abrasive manner. Perhaps John would be the one to bring out Sherlock's warm human potential, thus far hidden from almost everyone. Lestrade hoped so.
“Oh, you know, just to get going with breakfast and things.” John waved his hand vaguely. “Have a seat anyway and eat something, will you? There’s some of your favourite honey here.” Mrs. Hudson, bless her, had retrieved the shopping that John had dropped on the stairs yesterday and left it on their counter for them.
“Alright, turn on your side, Sherlock. We can fix this for you.  I’m sorry. I should have thought to prevent this, to spare you from going through this again.”
Sherlock, in fact, was not hungry, he had too much on his mind, but he would have sooner cut off his right arm than refuse John's meal, so he ate with every indication of enjoyment. And it was delicious. He found to his surprise that despite his lack of appetite he did enjoy it.
The tub was filling slowly; water was at a premium in these dry lands so the pressure was low. While he waited, John turned his attention to the youth's clothing. He was wearing a robe-like garment made of light fabric. John had pulled it partly away from his body earlier in order to check for injuries. He began to unwind the rest of it now, not wanting to add any more dirt to the bath than what was already on the boy himself. The robe could be washed later.
John then collected the muscle relaxant and quickly prepared a hot water bottle. He gave both to a still shivering Sherlock, along with a full drink of water and began to rub his back for him, hoping he would fall asleep before the next wave of cramps hit. To his relief Sherlock did and John, sitting beside him, a light hand on his back allowed himself to think; severe cramps, temperature spike resulting in a sensation of being cold, difficulty urinating due to internal swelling, lack of appetite and nausea…
Dear God! On top of everything else, why would Sherlock have to be stricken now with an episode of Post-orgasmic Tristesse, of all things!
This is the scene that greeted Mycroft as he arrived in the doorway accompanied by Mrs. Hudson once again, who looked around the room, shaking her head and clicking her tongue in gentle disapproval.
After confirming that the washroom was empty, John bent to examine the dangling handcuffs.  He was looking for a clue, anything that might point to where Sherlock had gone. The cuffs were tiny; small enough for a child... rage flared his gut again… what kind of monster owned such things?! But once more he schooled his thoughts; he would extract justice from Moran for his crimes, certainly, but not now. Later.  At this moment John needed to think, not feel.
He hadn’t had time to learn the complete layout of this particular base in the short time he’d been there but he knew that ammunition storage would be on its perimeter, so he headed outward, away from the centre of the camp with its barracks and service facilities. He had a scent to follow but he hoped to gain time by outrunning the trio.  It was risky of course, if by shortcutting he made a wrong turn and missed them, he’d lose precious minutes, but although his emotional connection to Sherlock had brought mind-clouding fear for his omega’s safety it had also awakened a powerful protective instinct. It was a new source of information and he knew to trust it.
It is possible for a bullet from a pistol to pierce steel.  It depends on the gun, the bullet, the angle of the shot and the thickness of the steel, but it is possible. I imagine John to be armed with something pretty powerful and we know he’s an incredible shot. :-)
The bunker was dark inside, little of the early sun made its way in, and it was silent too. At least, it was at first. As John stood motionless just inside the entrance, blinking in the darkness, gradually his other senses began to compensate for his lack of vision; especially his hearing. As his eyes and brain become accustomed to the lack of light, he began to sense distant sounds.
Sherlock nodded abruptly and took a jerking step forward, his eyes pleading with John to forgive, to understand…
How right this felt! With just this simple action, John was stunned to find himself awash with alpha sensations the strength of which he’d never experienced; fiery heat coursed through him, pooling with throbbing tension in his belly and his chest tightened painfully with emotion.  His senses flared and physical sensation overwhelmed his consciousness; the tickle of a soft curl of hair against his forehead  he felt down to his toes; under his hand, the feel of slippery fabric over fragile flesh and bone swallowed the memory of all he’d felt before it and the thumping of his circulation in his ears deafened him. Far too late to stop it, he felt Sherlock’s fresh, sweet scent, already familiar and dear, overtake him and imprint itself, unchallenged, onto his soul…
“In Greece,” said John, reading a note on the counter, “back on Sunday night. The neighbour is to look in on the place on Thursday morning. Good, we have time to rest up and be gone before then.” He studied Sherlock, pale and slumping in his chair. “I’m going to insist on you eating something, Sherlock, but first let’s have a cup of tea and get some heat turned on. We can’t make a fire or turn lights on though, it’s too risky.”
John smiled even wider.  Once he’d been set down again, he reached up to stroke Sherlock’s wet curls from his forehead and replied, “I love you too, Sherlock!”
John’s expression froze and his body went rigid.  He exclaimed, “Moran is here, in the camp!? Since when!?” He was incredulous.
When he was still awake several minutes later, John, acting on intuition alone because he was now well past the limits of his rudimentary counselling skills, urged, “Tell him I’d like to meet him, Sherlock. Tell him I already know him and I love him; that I think he’s sweet and innocent and fun. Ask him to come out and play, Sherlock.”
The silence drew out, only short, shallow breaths could be heard, before a strangely gruff voice, hoarse and low asked, “You are… ælfwine?”
When Sherlock returned with the tea, he found John lying on his side on the bed, curled in on himself with his back to the door. Sherlock's cautious enquiry yielded no response so he set the vacuum flask of tea on the nightstand and drew the duvet from the foot of the bed up over John and left the room, leaving the door ajar.
An hour later in the silence of the dim second floor room of the Rookwood Arms, Blackburn was still sleeping peacefully with John Watson keeping watch at his side.  Despite his grueling morning, there was no trace of tiredness in John’s face; he rested a vigilant hand on Blackburn’s wrist and listened to his breathing as he stared unseeingly into the small gas fireplace. That there was something wrong with the scenario his employer had presented him regarding Blackburn was obvious. There was much more to the man lying beside him than John had been told when he agreed to the job; whether the man wasn’t Blackburn at all or John’s employer had misinformed him about Blackburn’s doings−knowingly or unknowingly−John wasn’t sure.  Either way though, it didn’t matter, John realized.  Even if Blackburn was the villainous traitor he’d been portrayed as, there was now no question of John carrying through with the plan to deliver him to the CIA.  And John was fully aware that the unidentified client that had hired his employer to apprehend Blackburn was the CIA.
The older man had found the teenager trying to break his car’s lock and instead of calling the police he took him in, showed him there was more to life than stealing cars and living on the streets. Alex had a world of opportunities ahead, but his destiny was different. Alistair received a call from the journalist, and out of fear of the story coming to light he killed his son. As simple as that. The columnist still hadn’t found the politician’s son, he only had a name that didn’t figure anywhere, so they couldn’t possibly link the death of a hobo with him.
He tried to redeem himself after that. He went to see her everyday after class, they studied together in the library, he even attended the feminist group’s reunions. It was only time until Megan fell for him too, he was a charming lad. Things were going great.
John had been the only one capable of destroying the intricate fortification that Sherlock Holmes had created at a very young age, when an innocent child had discovered the horrors and pain shrouded in the darkness of this merciless reality. Victor Trevor’s death had marked Sherlock for the rest of his life, his first friend killed by his own sister in a fit of jealousy. Had Victor never been his friend he would probably still be alive, he would have grown into a young man with a bright future ahead of him. But meeting the young Holmes had blown away all his possibilities. Sherlock had given up sentiment entirely after Victor, he had sworn he would never become attached again. And had been successful.
Sherlock tried not to struggle with the foreign object in his mouth, he had to stay calm and get used to the feeling. If he had a panic attack he would most surely choke and the nurses would put him to sleep again. And that he didn't want.
Alistair Barnes had confessed as soon as the police appeared on his doorstep. It was an absolute success.
‘I did not do it. You have to believe me when I tell you Megan was the most important person in my life. I would give anything, anything to get him back!’ Kane groaned vehemently. ‘ I do not see myself with anyone else other than him, he was my future’ he smiled sadly, he looked disturbingly calm, almost lifeless.
Sherlock noticed the cab slowing down and saw they had arrived. He carelessly threw some notes at the driver and started walking towards the hospital’s entrance. John, punctual as always, came out throwing his brown leather satchel over his shoulder. Sherlock smiled, he felt his cheeks fill with warmth. He was blushing. Sherlock hated himself for being so juvenile. He was behaving like some lovesick teenager!
Nevertheless, love her or not, Rosie was exhausting in strange new levels and when she fell asleep after her midday feed Sherlock relaxed. He was laying on the sofa just for the sake of regaining energy, he didn’t even have the strength to enter his mind palace.
Just a month before the birth Megan found herself alone. Alistair had disappeared without notice. It turns out he didn’t love her that much.
It was in the midst of this slight scuffle that there was a knock on the door and a voice that sounded like the cook’s from the kitchen called a cheerful, “G’morning mates. Ere’s your breakfast.”
Resisting the strong urge to follow the sergeant and administer the harsh discipline he deserved − he would be dealt with appropriately later John promised himself angrily − instead he set his rifle aside and fell to one knee beside the injured omega.
He stroked John’s wrists, taking reassurance from his steady pulse and continued, “I’m talking about how deeply I have fallen in love you John; it happened just as surely and as swiftly as spring emerges from winter and just as inevitably.  You now mean everything to me and I want always to be the one who loves you, protects you, makes you happy and ensures that you never want for anything.  May I please be the one, John?  Would you think about marrying me one day?  I can wait as long as you want, forever, in fact.  Forever is fine as long as I can be by your side while you think about it.  Please?
Sherlock flashed Lestrade's police ID. "Detective Inspector Lestrade of New Scotland Yard. I'm here to interview John Smith if he is well enough to answer some questions. And you would be …ah…I believe I know, his husband…Mr...er…Harvey Smith, if I'm not mistaken?"
And…thought John to himself, I don’t think I need to add anything more to that picture…Let’s just let the image percolate with my love for now.  John smiled and dropped a light kiss onto the top of Sherlock’s head.
When he returned minutes later it was to find Blackburn struggling to rise from the floor, where he had obviously fallen, and attempting to crawl to the door. At John’s reappearance he raised his head weakly and gasped out, “Mycroft!”
John, unaware he was growling aggressively, raked the small room with narrowed eyes; the defence and protection of his frightened Omega the only thing in his mind. Sherlock, crouched in the corner of the room, trying to hide behind the toilet, was beyond terrified now. He was weeping in fear, tears running down his cheeks; his pupils black and wide, face flushed and body trembling violently.
“If you would like to use a condom we will, of course. But my tests are up-to-date, Sherlock, so we don’t need to.  I’m alright either way.” He stroked Sherlock’s chest.
There had been no hint in the files of the ugliness behind the façade of the five year marriage. The records had pointed to them being a devoted couple, not social but who simply enjoyed a quiet home life. John was a part-time social worker and Harvey a manager in his father's private security firm. It was true the couple moved frequently but presumably Harvey was advancing his career by managing successively larger offices. But in light of what Sherlock had just witnessed he realized frequent moves were also a way of ensuring that community connections were never formed and any violent altercations between the couple that were reported could not be followed up on by authorities. He shook his head in frustration and leaned back in the hard waiting room chair.
To John’s startlement however, Sherlock’s delicate features twisted in distress and he recoiled away from John’s touch. John knew better; of course Sherlock’s first thought would be that he had been recaptured by his abductors, but it was more than John could take. Before he knew what was happening he was consumed by a blaze of fierce possessiveness; he tried to supress it but Sherlock’s rejection and the wildly provoking scent of rival alphas on his omega’s body were too much. Despite himself he began almost shaking Sherlock and, in a harsh voice he didn’t recognize as his own, demanding, “Why?! What happened?! What did they do to you?!”
Mycroft lifted his chin in annoyance at this accusation.  “I admit that events did not unfold quite as I intended,” his speculative gaze swept over John once more. “I was trying to teach my little brother a lesson.  He cannot always rely upon me to rescue him from his ill-advised adventures.  He needs to become more circumspect in his behaviour.” He sniffed and drew himself up to his full height, “I can see I have failed spectacularly in this latest endeavour, perhaps not surprisingly.”
Sherlock’s touch, as soft as a night moth’s, set John’s entire body abuzz with pleasure. He smiled at Sherlock, “I’m glad I please you, little one. You are no longer frightened of me?”
"He had a nightmare and started crying," said Sherlock gruffly, as if he felt he had to explain himself. "I didn't want him to wake you."
John turned from the window to see Sherlock, his face sober, holding out his right hand for John to grasp.  John smiled slowly and nodded, accepting the hand offered to him.
John was standing in the living room doorway, his posture trepidatious, uncertain of Sherlock's reaction, but determined.
The room was in almost complete darkness when Blackburn stirred awake again. John rose from his chair and turned on the desk light.
Sherlock obeyed and tried to focus on John, but his gaze slid away once more. He whispered, almost to himself, “No clothes. Make a soft place, John. Lie with me. Here, where I can smell the blood of the Alphas you killed and know you’re strong…”
John pressed closer and laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock smiled as before long he felt John fall asleep in the circle of his arm. Sherlock would make him that cup of tea they had missed earlier and persuade him into bed to sleep when they got home. There would be plenty of time, the rest of their lives in fact, for passion. Their relationship was clearly going to be intensely emotional and physical and not something to be rushed. John had not yet regained his health and Sherlock himself needed time to adjust to the powerful new forces driving him. John must be protected from harm, even if that meant from Sherlock himself. He raised his eyebrows ruefully. His days as a suppressed Alpha were obviously over, medicated or not. Modern pharmacology, it seemed, was no match for John Watson. He tightened his hold on John and kissed his hair again. John was an unexpected miracle. One that required nurturing and cherishing and Sherlock was honoured that he had been chosen for the role. It would be the most important work that he would ever do in his life.
John gave a bitter laugh. “No, Sherlock, I’ve risked your life. Risked it terribly... so don’t thank me, please!”
Back on steadier ground now, dealing with a recalcitrant patient, John replied, “Well, you need to eat something anyway and so do I.  So, I’m going to go down to the kitchen for some food. Don’t attempt to rise; you will be unable to stand for at least the next ten hours or so.”
Sherlock nodded self-consciously, so John said, “We’ll start with your shirt, I’d love to see your chest.  I’ll want to kiss you, is that okay?” He undid Sherlock’s buttons and slid the shirt off, laying it carefully aside.  He smiled and began to press kisses on Sherlock’s chest and belly, pulling him down onto the bed as he did.  It was nothing too sexual, John just wanted to love and soothe him. And if that was all Sherlock wanted, John was more than delighted to give it to him.  He was thrilled to be able to touch and show Sherlock how much he loved him; it felt the gift of a lifetime, something he had not expected to be able to do, ever.
Sherlock was hard, perhaps even harder than he’d been in the night, his cock straining against John’s belly.  John inserted a hand between them and stoked him lightly to gauge where he was at in his arousal.
"I take that as a challenge John, so I will try even harder." Sherlock winked at John then sobered. "I treat you like the most important person in the world, John, because you are. You and the babies together. You are my world John. It used to be different before you came into my life but now there's only you and I wouldn't have it any other way."
Lestrade glanced from one to the other with amused interest. "Alright," he nodded and leaned back in his chair, "Gimme then."
The boy stopped crying and gazed in wonder at the tall figure stooping toward him. Sherlock grasped him awkwardly, not at all sure of himself, but December settled against him easily, reaching up with his own thin arms to hold Sherlock's neck. Settled, he then looked at John and said, "Okay, Doctor Watson, I'm ready now."
Expecting a caustic comment of some sort but hearing nothing, John paused his two-fingered typing to glance casually up at Sherlock only to freeze in his chair.
Then, not caring that Lestrade was there to see, he reached for and held John's shaking hand in his own and asked again, "Please, John are you sure you want to hear…this?"
John, observing the youth and monitoring his vital signs, knew the moment that he regained consciousness.  John remained motionless and waited.  The omega stirred slightly, turning his head to one side, instinctively trying to dislodge the oxygen mask.  When the mask didn’t loosen, his eye lids flickered open.  At the sight of John above him, looming large and shadowed in the dimness of the tent, he shrank back against the blankets with a terrified sound, his eyes widening with fear and his slender body stiffening.  He clutched at the mask with long fingers, trying to pull it off.
“No John! Please don’t. Please stay a−” Sherlock’s words were cut off by and agonized groan and the sound of gagging.
“Because you are talking about what happened for the first time in your life Sherlock; you are acknowledging what happened and the damage it did to you.  That is a first huge step.  And, what’s more, you want to get better, you want to be able to feel sexual and enjoy it−“
By mid-morning John, looking pale and tired once more, returned upstairs. Sherlock took him a cup of tea in the early afternoon and found him soundly sleeping atop the bed. He didn't stir when Sherlock pulled the duvet up around his shoulders so Sherlock set the tea on the nightstand and quietly left.
Never mind that Sherlock was driving himself mad with his own antics, he was certain the outcome would be worth it for them.
He swung around to lock the door before kneeling beside the tub. The injured omega had gone limp again, eyes closed, his blood and dirt-streaked cheek pale against the dark khaki of John's T-shirt. John pressed a hasty finger to the pulse at his neck but to his relief he found it improved; steadier and slower than it had been earlier.
John went rigid, his hostile expression giving way to one of horror. “Oh God. Sherlock. What you just said about Wilkes was all nonsense wasn't it? You said it deliberately, didn’t you? Just to see if I’d be jealous.” When Sherlock nodded, John loosened his grip and dropped his forehead to Sherlock’s, stricken. “I’m sorry Sherlock, I’m so sorry!” he whispered, his voice full of agonized regret, “I shouldn’t have said or done what I did just now! You must know I would never leave you! Will you forgive me? Please!”
John moved on in the file to the overview of his target’s habits and routine. John frowned. The man kept extremely erratic hours. He could be found almost any time of the day or night at his lab, which was at the London headquarters of British Chemical. Blackburn seemed to have free run of the place, coming and going as he pleased. Company security was very lax in the case of James Blackburn; they obviously considered him no security threat. BC had numerous lucrative contracts with the British military to develop everything from new food preservatives to jet fuel additives. Unfortunately for BC, Blackburn was using his spare time in the lab to develop explosive materials for foreign terrorists.
John felt tears welling up. “You’re right, Sherlock, you are very safe with me beside you.”  He lowered his head to kiss him, just a quick press of lips.
He was silent for a long minute, and then he kissed John’s cheek gently and nuzzled his ear. “John, now you have me and I promise I will never treat you that way, nor will I ever allow anyone else to either. I’m yours to do with as you wish, John. I accept your terms. I’ve lived for years without sex; I haven’t been the slightest bit interested in it. And I’m prepared to live the rest of my life without it too if it means I can be with you. The only thing I really want is for you to let me love you and look after you. That is what makes me happy John. I don’t want anything you can’t offer me. I only want you.”
After the massacre, allied reconnaissance of the region could locate no survivors. The Sidesan Lakes, the source of life-giving water for thousands of civilians, managed so carefully by the Simarine for centuries, had been found dry and the formerly lush vegetation surrounding them replaced with sand and dust.
The omega, feeling the loss of John's comforting stroking, for John was now motionless and staring down at him in surprise, opened his eyes. When he did so, John experienced a second surprise in as many minutes as the youth’s startlingly brilliant, clear blue eyes met his own. They shuttered closed again quickly but not before John had seen their semi-lunar folds, or third eyelids; two protective translucent membranes, commonly found in marine mammals… and very occasionally, also in humans.
“I think we’ll suit each other quite well. I’m gender-neutral and your reproductive system is seriously compromised due to depression and PTSD. In my mind that makes the arrangement ideal, don’t you think?”
Sherlock was aware of the drug; it was a surgical anesthetic, not intended for use as a sexual aid. His pain for John gave way to anger once more. Damn the man all to hell! Harvey Smith had gotten away far too easily with a quick death…God in heaven what a hell John’s married life had been!
“And that,” John gestured at the broken china on the floor, “…was probably a precious family heirloom and completely irreplaceable...” His tone was resigned.
John relaxed slightly then mumbled, "I see what you mean." Sherlock could see his brows draw together in slight confusion. Then, still looking at the floor, he said quietly, almost sadly, "You're right, of course."
The doctor, not at all fazed by the chaos, placed a comforting hand on John's shoulder and spoke to him again. John nodded vigorously in response and made a valiant attempt to stop weeping.
A figure, indistinguishable in the glare, stepped from one of the vehicles and a now familiar voice said, “Come along, baby brother.  Mommy is beside herself on your account and father has locked himself in the billiards room and you know how that upsets the household…”
"I'm glad I can help you. That's all I want John, is to help you." Sherlock could hardly believe his own ears when he heard himself say it! But it was true. Somehow and at some point in time, what John needed had become the most important thing in Sherlock's life. He wasn't sure what that meant, just that it was true.
Sherlock’s arms tightened fiercely and he made a sound strangely like he was laughing and crying at the same time. “Yes, John. It’s more than alright. Thank you.”
The jolt of arousal that shot through Sherlock at this action caught him off-guard. “Jesus, John!” He fell back against the fridge with a crash, upsetting the rack of beakers stored there onto the floor. But John appeared not to notice Sherlock’s startled reaction, he pressed his body against Sherlock, squeezing with his legs and panting lightly in Sherlock’s ear, lost in the delicious sensations of his own body. They were both in T-shirts and pyjamas and Sherlock could feel every line and curve of John’s body against his and John’s delicious scent was like a siren’s maddening song in his head.
Outside of the cathedral, Sherlock hailed them a late passing cab and they climbed in, John seeking Sherlock like a homing pigeon the moment the cab door was closed. John pressed close, closed his eyes and breathed: why hadn't he noticed before? Sherlock's thrilling scent of danger and courage and cold mountain winds…like nothing he had smelled before…
John ignored this.  He asked, appalled, “What kind of a brother are you?! Sherlock was damn near killed. Or worse!”
Sherlock stared back at him in surprise, “Are you trying to tell me the situation is my fault, John?! Because if so, you are wrong, it isn’t!” It was his turn to glare, “I am not the one who messed this up! You are a lousy mercenary, John! Why on earth would you agree to a job like this anyway? You are a doctor for God’s sake! An extraordinary rendition to a CIA black site for ‘questioning’?! It could hardly suit you less!”
The omega lowered his face to stare down into the water.  His response, when it came, was barely audible, "Yése, … but a few of us survived."
When Sherlock finally came up for air, John managed to squeak out only, "Yes, Sherlock, I…." before his mouth was claimed once more.
Sherlock nodded, longing for John but not wanting to ask.  John smiled and propelled him gently backward to lean against the shower wall and sank to his knees in front of him.  As he opened his mouth and took Sherlock in deeply, he heard the choked groan from above, even over the noise of the water. He grinned inwardly and holding Sherlock’s hips firmly, he concentrated on pleasuring him with his lips and tongue.  In almost no time he felt Sherlock’s desperate hand on his head trying to tell him he was close.  But John stayed where he was, reveling in the intense pleasure that Sherlock was so obviously experiencing.  He allowed Sherlock to thrust his hips forward as he began to come and took pleasure in swallowing his ejaculate as it flooded his mouth.  Then as he felt Sherlock relax and soften, he ran a light hand over him to cleanse and rinse, ensuring no trace of fluid remained on him.
It was then that John, with a furious hiss, pulled a second pistol from under his jacket, where it had been tucked into his belt, took aim and shot Bill’s weapon out of his hand. It was a perfect shot; his aim rock steady. He then strode, weapon still drawn, toward Sherlock and Bill, and while Bill was still clutching his hand in shock, John, with an enraged snarl, swung his pistol at Bill’s head and knocked him unconscious.
“The next time Mycroft found me, I was by the stream in the wood, pretending I was a pirate and had rescued a sailor.  My sailor and I were going to stay together forever; he thought I was brilliant and brave.” Sherlock stilled before saying, “Nanny felt a stronger form of discouragement was needed.  She had a recipe for a compound of wintergreen, peppers and mustard seed.  Have you heard of a poultice pouch, John?  It is a very effective punishment.  I never touched myself again.”
“John!” Sherlock erupted in a laugh. “God, yes, I liked it. I more than liked it; it wasn’t over before I wanted a repeat!”
Sherlock yanked frantically on the emergency bell, pressing it wildly while trying to aid the stricken man in his arms.
Sherlock sat down at the table and opened his lap-top. John must be protected and there was work to do.
John drew a shaking breath and nodded so Sherlock gently tugged John’s pyjamas down and off. Mindful of John’s frustration he didn’t stop too long to gaze at him, although he very much wanted to…for John’s lower body was a perfect as his upper. Even his feet were entrancing; they definitely must be explored very soon…and to Sherlock’s delight more freckles for him to kiss and count adorned John’s thighs. He didn’t think John would appreciate attention to his freckles at that moment though, so he turned his attention upward.
“I…Yes. Yes…” John rose slowly.  He was having difficulty processing what he was seeing.  He stopped. “You mean now, Sherlock?”
“No. Put the gun down. I’m turning myself over to you.” It was Sherlock’s low voice as he stepped from the passenger side of the car with his arms raised.
This frustrated outburst was met with a stunned silence from them both of them, until Sherlock, his eyes on the floor in front of John’s feet, replied in an icy tone, “I don’t know what you are talking about, John. I should have thought it was obvious, especially to you as a doctor, that I’m not an Omega. I am nothing. And before you start blurting out apologies and pity, let me make something clear to you: I don’t care. I don’t care what you think of me. I don’t care what anyone thinks of me. And if you don’t like living with someone who you so clearly see as a mutant, then you can leave! Just fuck-off John!”
They rested for a while, holding each other, calming down and reconnecting. Then John murmured, “So, did you like it, Sherlock?”
Sherlock had known John had beautiful eyes; he had marveled the dark blue of John's irises−deep blue like the heavens on a summer night, encircled by an unusual colour-orb of earth brown−from the first time he'd looked into them. And right now John's eyes seemed to be casting some of kind of immobilising spell on Sherlock; which was a ridiculous notion and one Sherlock rejected immediately. Still, something unusual happening…was it a trick of the light? Yes, it must have been, for even as Sherlock stared, the sensation of entrancement faded. Sherlock blinked to find that John appeared as perfectly normal as usual.
Before John could think of how to answer this question he was surprised to hear Sherlock's deep voice resonating out of the darkness beside them, "Yes, December, quite right. Very sound logic."
His face set grimly, he concentrated on leaving the city as quickly as he could without attracting attention.
John’s voice was soft, “No, Sherlock, but I wondered. That’s all. Just wondered. You’ve been consistently… preoccupied with my dating life, since the beginning, Sherlock. That’s not really consistent with your claims of being “married to your work” is it? You might be the best detective in the flat, but you aren’t the only one.” He smiled at Sherlock tenderly. “And this just might be one area where, of the two of us, I have the edge.”
Sherlock’s usual expression, the one John had been expecting to see, the one that conveyed, in equal measure, both mystification and barely repressed irritation at the extraordinary dullness of the masses, was nowhere to be seen. In its place was that rare, unconcealed sadness that occasionally crossed Sherlock’s face; heart stopping because it was the only pure and honest emotion that John had ever seen Sherlock display. Any other emotional display was acting; extraordinarily brilliant acting that fooled everyone − except John.
Sherlock's voice was a growl in his ear which interrupted John's internal monologue. And was that a light nip on the side of John's neck? It was. Presumably to get John's full attention; which was completely unnecessary at that point.
Gaia Omega were sensitive with greater needs for love and security in order to flourish and share their special gifts. Gaia characteristics emerged only when these unique Omega felt safe and valued. Sherlock had never seen one, but the bond mark of a secure and contented Gaia Omega was said to be very beautiful, similar to a gemstone in optical phenomenon; and a status symbol for their Alpha mate.
At the sight of his slight form, so still and pale, an anguished roar erupted from John. Please not dead! Merciful God, please! He wrenched the wooden slats of the crate apart, desperation lending him strength and lifted Sherlock into his arms.
“Not today, Ælfscíene, your time is not today. You must come back to me now. ” He bent his head to whisper this against Sherlock’s ear.
There was a small sound from the child which John chose to take as an indication of progress. He persisted, "I'm not coming any closer, so you'll have to look up if you want to see me.”
Sherlock sucked in a shocked breath. "That is not true John! You almost died when he was taken from you; you were willing to give your life for your baby, John! Remember in the hospital? "
Thank you so much for reading and following the story! A special thank you to those of you who commented too!
Sherlock watched as John prepared a small injection of morphine for him and obediently exposed his arm when John touched it.  To John’s relief Sherlock gave no sign of distress at the injection, he kept his stunning aquamarine eyes fixed unwaveringly on John.  The colour of his eyes was that of clear lake on a summer day mused John as he wiped Sherlock’s arm with an antiseptic soaked, cotton wool ball and stuck a plaster on it.  The Sidesan Lakes were said to have been a very beautiful blue colour, perhaps Sherlock’s eyes were the same shade…
Still holding the boy with one arm, John examined his body for open wounds, he had done so quickly before but wanted to be certain he had none other than a small cut above one delicately arched eyebrow; infection from an uncleansed wound, even a small one, could kill him in his present condition. Also, John had done a cursory physical examination of the omega for evidence of a sexual assault earlier, he had found none but he wanted to do a further check to reassure himself that the soldiers who had captured the boy hadn't abused him in that manner.
John was prepared. “Sex has been important to me but not really as an end unto itself. I mean, it’s more like a means to an end. It’s an important way to communicate commitment…and love…to someone. That’s why it’s important to me but there are ways, other than sex, to communicate and share feelings with someone you love.”
It was seven am when Sherlock awoke again, not peacefully as he had the previous night but this time with a violent start and audible choking gasps. John moved to the couch beside him to lay a soothing hand on his forehead, “It’s alright, relax, it’s normal; it will take a while for your nervous system to settle down after the overdose. You can expect something similar to PTSD for a short while, but it won’t last.”
John could feel wetness on his neck and Sherlock's voice, near John’s ear, was hoarse, “If that’s true John, how do I reach him? I don’t know how to go back.”
“You’re lying! You had at him yourself already didn’t you!? While my back was turned! You decided to get a taste of him before me – like a filthy rutting boar! Didn’t you?” An infuriated snarl erupted from the Captain, almost unrecognizable in its aggression. “And I’m going to kill you for it, right after you tell me where you left him!”
“My needs, heartsweet, are not anything that you should be worrying about; now, or ever for that matter. I have no right to expect you to meet the sort of needs that I have at this moment. No one does.  Remember that always, leifling.”
Aloud all he said was, "Alright, but you must take it easy, your balance will come and go without warning over the next several days and you risk a serious fall if you aren’t careful, alright?”
Sherlock, eyes staring fixedly into his microscope at the kitchen table, ignored John’s attempt at humour. He was quiet for a moment before he said, “It was a very low point in my life, John. I managed to convince myself that Sebastian’s interest in me was genuine. As it turned out, it wasn’t.” He carefully switched microscope slides and resumed his study. “I learned this one night after I drank a great deal of alcohol and found myself face-down and naked on the commons with Sebastian trying to mount me and yelling and laughing about what a freak I was. Apparently I was not appropriately receptive to him.”
John cursed his bad luck at being ordered to visit this particular God-forsaken outpost of the war. It wasn’t on his usual field-hospital circuit but the camp’s regular doctor had been abruptly discharged from the army on the day John was to depart from headquarters; discharged for conduct unbefitting an officer John had heard. This hadn’t surprised him. Captain Moran had been a sadistic bastard whose reprehensible behaviour had obviously finally caught up with him.  But it was as a result of Moran’s dismissal that John found himself in the middle of a wasteland at the outermost edge of the war, stuck there until replacement medical services could be flown in.
Opening the folder John began to study the black and white photos it contained. Other than a one page profile of Blackburn, the only other content of the folder was a secured USB flash drive which John knew would contain the detailed information he would need to apprehend the subject.
John trod heavily on the vehicle’s brakes at a traffic light which had turned red while he was distracted by his thoughts. He cursed as both he and Blackburn lurched forward on the front seat. John braced himself with the steering wheel, but Blackburn’s head made hard contact with the car’s dash. With a sharp exclamation of pain Blackburn slumped sideways. John’s reaction to aid him was instinctive. He thrust the vehicle’s transmission into park−a safe enough action, for the intersection was deserted at four-thirty in the morning−and he reached for Blackburn with an exclamation of “Alright?!”
More information was needed. Perhaps John was anxious about something. He had seemed contented lately, happy in fact (Sherlock paid close attention to John's moods), it had been a several weeks since he had had a down spell, but grief could creep in at unexpected times and perhaps this was one of those times. However, studying him discreetly now, Sherlock thought John looked relaxed, sitting across from him watching with a pleased smile as Sherlock swallowed mouthfuls of bacon and mushrooms. It was likely nothing.
John hated to remove his hand from Sherlock’s chest, for their pair connection was already starting to form, he could sense it through his palm.  But somehow he managed, switching hands when needed, to pull his own clothes off as well as Sherlock’s.  His heart began to pound at the sight of Sherlock naked and receptive before him. How many times had he relived the experience of that night two weeks ago when he had first seen Sherlock naked and wanting?  Now he could touch him as he had wanted, at last!
“Yeah, alright, got it, thanks.” John called out, his eyes not leaving the motionless bundle that was Sherlock curled on the bed.
He should have called.  What was he thinking? He was mad to go rogue! It would mean the end of his career certainly and likely even cost him his life, given the serious trouble that Blackburn appeared to be in!  But even as he contemplated turning to pick up his mobile, John knew with certainty that he wouldn’t.
The limp captive, held aloft by the soldier, was alive although it didn’t appear so at first glance.  But the omega’s scent told John it was, as did the sound it emitted when the soldier shook it; a small involuntary vocalization of fear or pain.  It was the same noise that had puzzled John earlier, when he’d first heard it.
Lestrade, watching this, rejoiced. At last, here was Sherlock recognising and connecting with something greater than himself and his own brilliant intellect. Lestrade looked at John again with interest. There was obviously more to this unassuming man than met the eye for him to have had such an impact on the inscrutable Sherlock Holmes.
But Sherlock didn’t acknowledge him. He continued to walk deliberately away from John and toward Bill.
Nothing! Even before he entered his tent John knew it was empty.  He sniffed.  Someone had been there in the short time he had been gone though; Moran… yes, and someone else… John shook his head in an involuntary reaction to the foul odour… it was the scent of the burly sergeant who had brought Sherlock to his tent the previous night. John growled. The brute’s presence explained how Sherlock could have been taken so quickly. Moran would have his spies in the camp.  He could hardly carry out his nefarious activities without accomplices. Obviously the sergeant was one of them.
