The dark haired man blinked in response.
seems elementary.
"You're far too much like your dad, hasn't anybody told you?" Rosamund allowed a smug expression to flit over her features momentarily.
"Right. Here's my pocket knife. I hope you don't have to use it."
"Alright, then. I guess I can stop being an awkward sod."
Molly and Lestrade actually had rather heavy hands in terms of say in the wedding planning, and now, looking at all of it, she had to say that everything was beautiful. They had booked a garden area in London, seemingly at random, as it had no real significance to either that Molly could determine. A small wrought iron pergola stood in the center, old and slightly creaking, but Sherlock thought it was 'interesting' ("I wouldn't be surprised if it caved in and killed someone. It's incredibly unstable and probably approaching fifty years old, given the rust around its joints and the style of the designated overlaps." "Sherlock, that's awful. We should go somewhere else, then." "Are you joking, John? It's by far the most intriguing spot we've scouted out so far, and with any luck it'll fall and decapitate Mycroft for good." "Wait, we're seriously considering booking the terrifyingly unsafe pergola?" "A murder would do everyone some good, I think.") and that was the most they could hope to get out of him. The Holmes had approached wedding plans with the attitude of someone who wanted to get them over with, with Mary's big day and his own, and so she and John had been tackling most of the details that had required a more thoughtful touch.
', the source of unease in their dynamic. Uncertainty on John's part that the genius had never even considered possible.
Thank you for reading this and for the reviews, bookmarks, and kudos this story has gotten since it's been uploaded here; I really appreciate it! See you in a week!
"Excuse me, I might be wrong, but isn't the question meant for me?" Rosamund interrupted, sighing dramatically.
As was taking her unofficial niece from her very desperate, very tired friend.
"Just to be on the safe side, though, you won't say anything, right?" he responded, and Molly almost found it funny that he was concerned.
Then, Gladstone had to leave 221B when he displayed a habit for getting himself in trouble. After breaking a leg because of a nasty fall down the stairs (he kept struggling to get his tiny legs up over the edge), accidentally consuming a vat of diluted rat poison ("It was just an experiment, I didn't think that the stupid creature would
"Yes, sorry you have to listen to another speech. I'm sure you're all very sick of people talking today. Nothing against him, poor dear, but I nearly fell asleep during the officiator's role." Rosamund laughed, Reyna putting a quick hand over her best friend's mouth. "Anyways, I'm sorry to admit this, but I didn't look up any template or ask the web for advice on writing my 'best man' speech. I decided to wing it in terms of structure, to hang the unofficial rules, which is rather odd for me. If any of you have ever met me, you'd know that I'm a very organized, on-book personality, and mostly mild mannered. This was new, so here's to hoping it turns out okay, right?" She took another small swig of her glass. "Sherlock asked me to be his 'best man' at his wedding, and to be honest I was surprised. I've known Sherlock longer than he's known John - and trust me, that's a very long time indeed - and I had yet to find a single person who was capable of keeping up with him, physically and mentally. Even during that period, working with him constantly, he never opened up. It was like he didn't know what friends were, how to make them. I have to say, my initial instinct was to take care of him, as Sherlock is very much a man who needed constant companionship but didn't desire it in the slightest. Neither I nor anybody else who interacted with our genius quite knew how to do that. But John - after a day, he made more progress with Sherlock than anybody had in years. I've never seen two people form a bond so quickly, or, in the times to come, two people undergo so many challenges and still come out on top. If they could withstand all of that, if Sherlock and John could still survive and stick together, than I have no doubts that they'll be able to sustain this marriage. And, even if things get tough, know that you'll always have me, and Greg, and everybody else who showed up. We're with you, no matter what." She smiled at her friends, dimples and all. "Congratulations, and have a wonderful life, boys." Rosamund began clapping, eyes misting up slightly.
Still, when they went to the theater, an old woman in the box cooed over the three of them.
, as un-sportsminded as he was, explained its rules over and over again, the information never clicked.
Just then, remembering her house keys in her pocket, the blonde pulled out the jagged strips of metal and jabbed them harshly into the historian's side. He groaned, quickly whipping his head around. This gave the runner the distraction she needed to close her hands around something on the floor - a stapler, as the case was. She unhooked the top from the bottom and fired the office supply directly into his forehead. As he howled, she fiercely kicked his kneecap and rolled out from underneath him. Rosamund snatched away the gun -
In less than five minutes, both girls had gathered their essentials - phones, wallets, credentials, a set of lock picks, a revolver and a pocket knife, so yes, the run-of-the-mill necessities - and were trampling downstairs.
But she also understood that she was torturing herself by staying fixated on the most incredible man she's ever known. Sherlock Holmes was wonderful, but he was simply not right for her. He would never be who she needed him to be, never fall into her arms like a missing puzzle piece, never comfort her on her worst days.
Actually, she started to squirm when it continued a few seconds past socially acceptable. Rather uncomfortable to view. However, they looked
"Like I'd let you miss your first date, John," she quips, rolling her eyes, but the doctor turns slightly pinker all the same.
"No one, indeed. As it is, because of who we are, you've learned a lot more than you should have. Your vocabulary, for example, is a lot more extensive. No other children your age complete five hundred piece puzzles or play memory games like we do." He paused for a moment as if reminded of something. "By the way, what can you tell me about your class?" She cleared her throat, eyes lighting up.
"Pretty great, huh?"
"Oh, now you're being ridiculous. You've met my father, and he's
Rosamund Watson is, really, the best of both worlds when it comes to her school life.
"Want da," the child nodded, fisting the poor woman's coat lapels tighter.
Anyhow, thanks for reading! This was meant to be a oneshot but it's looking to be a three parter, with each chapter having a segment from Molly, Sherlock, and Rosie. I hope I got the characterization right - it's hard to write like an eight year old, surprisingly, even one as bright and advanced as I tried to make Rosamund out to be. The mindset is completely different.
Mycroft without going bloody wankers. God, they're both hard enough to handle on their own, but can you imagine what it must have been like to wrangle the both at age five? And then their teenage years . . ." John's face was the depiction of pure terror. "It's a miracle they're survived this long, actually. Or past the first ten years of parenthood, period."
bother you, Sherlock?" he demanded, crossing his arms.
"Yeah . . ."
A bit of a nasty shock for one doctor when Sherlock and his daughter, who had just gotten off of rugby practice, had showed up together at a crime scene.
Sherlock seemed to notice the same lack of personal space when they reached the bleachers, frowning rather dramatically.
Of course, not to mention that the dead body still possessed more knowledge on rugby than her. The woes she must face.
, please, because we have work in the morning."
" - and Shakespeare died in 1616 - "
They parted, with Greg walking out the door to his own residence and Molly greeting the consulting detectives of 221B again. Sherlock makes a haughty remark about the cabbie and John chides him, and Rosamund and the brunette laugh at their childish ways. All the while, she thinks of friday.
what he finds himself in, to the surprise of most. An actual, functioning, healthy, adult relationship with a normal, loyal, handsome, intelligent man.
"You're a very special girl, you know that?" She nodded slowly, her nose scrunching up. "I've taught you a lot of things that the other children . . . their parents aren't like me."
He strummed the strings in no particular fashion, gliding over each line with his bow like one skims the crests on waves, and John leaned back into the cushions, the paper in one hand and the tea in another. They enjoyed the remaining time before Rosamund came back in a companionable haze, a solid tether filled with billowing curtains, music crafted from memorabilia, and the press of sunlight through the windows as page after page of newspaper was scoured.
"Can this riveting discussion on sexual identity maybe wait until after I've left?" Greg said, the words coming out as more of a plea than a question. Again, they shut up, though Molly is entirely convinced that the rustling noises behind her came from John pinching his partner and vice versa in retaliation.
"The only other spot next to Molly would be a tight fit for both of us, John. Maybe I should just stand over here." Playing into his daughter's hands, Watson shook his head.
"Sure, Sherlock. Whatever you say."
Mycroft intended to trap him in something as insipid as a
Molly tries to focus on the way John's smiles have gotten wider, the way Sherlock's scathing commentaries on the stupidity of mankind have become rarer. She tries to ignore the examining of Greg Lestrade.
"Not to be presumptuous, but . . . like a date?" The words came out more awkward, and far, far more hopeful than she intended.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John, I think I'm supposed to say something about how great of a person you are and how proud I am to have you at my side, but I won't." Molly glanced down the benches, observing the other guests. All of them looked completely confused.
"You've never had a problem dancing with danger before."
A splinter, actually, was quite a wonderful metaphor for Mycroft's coexistence with Sherlock Holmes' affairs. Perhaps a thorn in one's side though, was more fitting - a thorn was a far greater nuisance, and slightly wider around the base.
be that person to care for him. She
The name, for one, is almost completely ceremonial. Watson-Holmes is a bit of a mouthful, actually, and it rolls over his tongue in an unnatural way. He knows he must become accustomed to it sooner or later, and with a little time, logic dictates he will learn to take the title in stride as an everyday occurrence.
"Daddy, of course I'd want to change my name." She smirked as she walked to the stairs, going up to her room. "Wasn't I a Watson-Holmes already?"
"Aye aye, Captain."
"Honestly, John, she's not an invalid. She's
The crossing of the legs meant comfort within a situation, the assurance of further conversation. This was basic human instinct at its finest, the same with blushing as a product of attraction and smiling when one is immensely happy.
"That we've unveiled the lucrative schemes of a faulty historian hoping to make money off of a supposedly lost Shakespearean play?"
"How could I forget? I thought I'd lost you." The break in his voice had dulled over the years, reduced only to a clip hovering over the word 'lost', but it is still audible to those who knew where to look.
Rosie has a phenomenal father named John Watson, and he's the perfect dad. He's patient and gentle and
They left the restaurant, went on a walk for no reason at all, fed the ducks, and did several other activities of little to no great significance. It was a foreign concept, doing things because you felt the urge to and for no alternative reason, and yet it was invigorating, going metaphorically 'off book'.
"Want da," repeated Rosie unhelpfully. Frowning, the consulting detective came a few steps closer, and Molly unceremoniously dropped the young girl into his arms without a hitch. The child instantly grew quiet, lightly pounding on Sherlock's chest as though it were an interesting new toy.
"Why, Sherlock, are you talking to yourself again?"
"Sorry," Reyna supplied awkwardly to this. "I mean . . ."
Molly stood up, and everything fell silent again.
"Sherlock, what you fail to grasp is that you were not a doxy that I went out with for a few weeks at a time. You were far, far more permanent.
John had started to feel safe here. He was happy again, the way things were. He was comfortable with his life, and with Rosie's life at 221B. Sherlock would never dream of compromising that sense of home.
, Rosamund, it's one kiss."
There is a murderer at large - isn't there always, though, in this crime-riddled city - and he's been pouring over the case files for the last half hour. His Watson (Watson-
"One of a kind, no?"
"Wasn't it obvious? I only stopped in for a spot of tea - John is quite good at preparing it - and to see how you were faring." He gestured around the flat vaguely. "If you were happy. If you are content being married to John as opposed to just being whatever it was you were." The consulting detective's lips puckered.
Predictably, the corpse kept its mouth shut. Molly snickered, her soft laughs echoing across the virtually noiseless, empty room.
Rosie didn't panic. She had seen many a gun in her life, and though this threat was clearly valid, it had ceased to scare her past the age of ten. Besides, they had the advantages of numbers, nimbleness, if his middle was anything to go by, and her hidden revolver.
"We don't have time for that. His giant malamute just got up off his bed and came to the door - you'd have to be the heaviest sleeper in the world not to realize the absence of a giant furry weight like that. Henderson knows someone is here, if he's lucid enough to think coherently. His manuscript releases soon, coupled by a strange occurrence in the middle of the night? He's going to be suspicious of two teenage girls coming to his house to accuse him of fraud in the morning. He'd never let us in." The blonde recited all of this without so much as a twist of her head, not bothering to turn around. Even as she talked, she continued fiddling with the metal. "It really
Their marathon stretched long into the night. After nearly six hours of Doctor Who, Sherlock and John reemerged. They were laughing as they headed into the stairwell, hanging up coats and removing shoes with a joviality rarely witnessed in the duo. Their hands, as she took care to notice, had been clasped together when they first opened the door, and even as they trudged up the stairs, their fingers instinctively angled towards eachother, as if trying to brush.
and overwhelmingly light, as though a great weight had been lifted from her unfortunately lonely chest. Job and murders and ill fated matchmaking aside, she was
"Her closeted friend was ridiculous, though. Beckham isn't all that attractive, anyhow. It would have made far more sense if he had developed a crush on one of his close male friends instead of a visually unappealing celebrity with football history. That's how the real world works." This was, Molly thought, the closest they would get to a confession from Sherlock Holmes. Lestrade, as if thinking the same thing, raised his eyebrow in correspondence.
"Thank you," he replied instead, lips quirking up.
"I have. And one day, you're going to be far better than even him." And really, if Rosie blushed in the back of the darkened cab while they rounded the corner, that was nobody's business.
"You've hardly ever been on the line before, either." He took a deep breath. "I'm not going to demand anything from you, Watson. You deserve better. But, perhaps, would you consider me? Is there a way you could possibly push past your many grievances - bloody hell, John, don't
, an urge he has diligently made sure to suppress or ignore in years prior. It's the way he asks the man silly questions, almost unnoticeable boughts of irregularity, like 'how was you day' or 'are you tired' or 'you are okay, right'. It's the way he grips his hand tightly after the success of a case, squeezing it firmly and not pulling away for a second.
"It's a date!" called Rosamund from upstairs. She emerged in the stairwell with a grin. "Stop trying to be all secretive and sneaky. The whole world knows it's a date." John Watson frowned, looking rather murderous, but Rosie bounded down to the landing, all fits and giggles and without a trace of unease. "What? It's true."
Sleep - a waste of time, honestly.
"Of course. Wasn't that the idea?" the man replied, smirking. "We're waiting, Watson." The blonde took a deep breath.
"You know, you don't have to if you don't want - "
Rosie, no doubt, finds all of this adorable.
"It sounds like school can be rather interesting after all, if you look for something to occupy yourself with," Sherlock smiled, ruffling her fair curls. Her eyes widened.
Especially when it was written entirely in Shakespearean.
"Close indeed," the detective managed dryly, and if Molly didn't know him better, she would dare say that he was starting to blush, pressed up against his best friend.
"Maybe two. Possibly three. You need to do repeat trials for a reliable result, of course."
"And so did he." She looked her father up and down. His sweater was slightly untucked, as though someone had pulled at the middle of the fabric, and his irises clouded. It was almost too easy to draw the obvious conclusion. "Being the instigator, I'd imagine he had to."
"Dad would burn up the kitchen." John chuckled at that, giving Sherlock a squeeze on the shoulder as he went to accompany his daughter.
"She's not most people, she's a seventeen year old who's still in her sports uniform, Sherlock. When I said I was heading over to the scene and told you to hurry up, I didn't mean for you to bring Rosamund along."
And somewhere along the way, Rosie and John had stopped being Rosie and John, his close friends. They were his daughter and his partner, in every sense of the word, and damn it all if Sherlock Holmes would let
Still, Sherlock has no idea why their little
"You don't know anything. You're bluffing."
"The tea was spot on as usual, Watson. I'd best be going." He stamped down his umbrella as if this was finalized.
There weren't extra tables for people to be arranged individually. There was only one long, skinny stone platform, equipped with benches on either side. They ate thai (because if the cast of 221B wasn't going to get takeout for their troubles the very least they were going to do was get catering from the same restaurant), which was positioned on a small buffet at the foot of the stone. Accompanying this was a drinks cart, heavily supplied with wine for those who wished to drink everything away.
"Peppermint," she had noted, sipping carefully so as to not spill everything down her blouse. He had shrugged.
Slightly devious, perhaps, but one couldn't deny that her scheme was genius.
"No new cases, unfortunately, but perhaps that means Grant has finally gotten his team together." John's eyebrow raised, amused.
When they finally arrived back at 221B, their hands were swinging together in an amiable, rather pleasant, fashion. He couldn't quite recall how they became intertwined, but it didn't much matter - John was happy, he was happy, for once, and that was the underlying takeaway.
"What was all that about?" John finally voiced aloud the thought that had arisen since Mycroft Holmes came in, as expected. John was very straightforward, and much like clockwork. A brilliant, very friendly, wool-jumper-wearing machine.
"He's an idiot. He got it wrong when he called me the brilliant one, back when we first met - clearly he didn't realize how brilliant he was." Sherlock blinked, scouring his memories briefly. "He still doesn't see it, some days. But he stays, anyways." Mycroft stared at him. No condemnation, no joy, no twitch or give in his movements. For once, Mycroft was the superimposed British government - cold, analytical, and absolutely unreadable. This made him dangerous.
, you know. Sherlock Holmes, always in the middle of things." The sentences were laced in unintentional bitterness. John sighed and pulled his partner's head onto his shoulder.
, Daddy, and that's fairly serious to me. I suggest you actually start going out already to put the rest of the civilized world out of its misery."
"Overreacting?
Ah, he knows that sting. A nasty scrape from a gunshot, probably acquired during on of their many cases. The fact that he doesn't remember something as damning as a bullet to the side is also indicative of a minor head trauma, which fits considering his distortion and the dull throbbing at the back of his skull.
Secondly, John wasn't ready for anything. Not now, possibly not ever, and saying that he had developed an unsaid
"John?"
Honestly, Sherlock and John were wonderful crime fighters and brilliant men, but scheduling? That, they were rubbish at.
"Please, I love Reyna, but she's a teenager. Just like our teenage daughter who should at least
still have to deal with my sour attitude for the duration of the week. A vicious cycle, I'm afraid, but an annoyance doled out in two doses. Surprisingly effective." Predictably, her father caved. However, after a few minutes of adjustment to the sudden presence of his child in a crime scene, it was easy to see that John had already accepted this.
"I'm here," Molly had declared from the entrance, hastily removing her things. "Sorry I didn't get to see off your fathers, but traffic was hellacious, and - "
"That was brilliant," he completes, letting go of a breathy chuckle. "I haven't been snogged like that in years." Sherlock clears his throat weakly.
Then a swift opening of the door broke the calm, accompanied by a 'hello, brother mine' and the unmistakable click of an umbrella on the floorboards.
"Please. They're ugly. I'm doing society a favor."
Sherlock, though, is clearly not the only person with a new name.
"You actually assumed a silly ruse was going to convince me to leave? Sherlock, I do believe you're losing your touch," the man drawled, taking off his coat and folding it over the coffee table. The consulting detective scowled deeply.
" . . . Alright then, I guess I'll just . . . " Rosamund had opened the slim parchment to find notes on a mystery.
"You're horrid, sometimes."
"Why would a six year old want to learn chess? I mean, other than the fact that you're you."
So thus marks the end of the third chapter.
Sleep: now that was a priority.
"Again, we can wait until daylight hours, Rosie. There's no need."
"I don't think you can make that choice as a ghost, Holmes. It should have been me. It should have been
of all people (Reyna had only encountered him a handful of times while knowing Rosie but those brief occasions were enough to inform her that
Molly had to admit that she, too, began to tune out the officiator. He wasn't boring, per say, but he talked in a leisurely, raspy manner, and if she didn't stop paying attention she would have surely fallen over the back of the bench, completely asleep. Her husband gripped her hand, squeezing. It was a small comfort, knowing she wasn't the only one who felt like they might drop any second.
"I'm sensing a 'but' in this sentence, Holmes."
So here is the final part of the initial trilogy.
"I think I died, slightly. I was never the same afterwards," John said finally, looking his partner dead in the eyes. "You're not the only one who fell apart, but at least you came back."
"How horrific," Molly commented, anyhow.
it a date, so far.
had apprehended a criminal. You took your
"Good thing Rosie left you cocoa, then," Molly responded, trying to keep the amusement off of her face. It wasn't working.
The sheets are starchy, most likely new, and the tacky blue paint on the walls seems fresh. Given the distinct absence of any particular lingering scents, this room hasn't been in use for very long, or at the very least, it's rarely used. However, he's willing to bet money on the prior notion. It's clearly a hospital, and given the sheer number of cases and accidents London goes through, keeping a single cell out of commission would make no practical sense.
With a great deal more effort than it should have taken, he forces his eyelids to retreat, and his vision, blurry and patchy from a distinct lack of use, begins to restore itself.
into his face?" Rosie sputtered, pulling a hand to her mouth.
"A little late, I know, but as best man, I'd like to say a few words," Lestrade started, holding out his cup. "Now the internet had told me that the correct format for a best man's speech is as following: come up with a good opening line, thank any other speakers, congratulate the couple, praise the bride while making cracks on the groom, read messages from those who couldn't make it, and then quote something insightful before proposing a final toast. I don't know if the rest of you noticed or not, but clearly that's not going to happen. Much of that outline doesn't fit our situation - Sherlock certainly doesn't strike me as a blushing bride, anyways - and I'm nowhere near clever enough to invent an original, funny opener. Nobody else has really spoken before me, either, except the couple in question - thanks for saying your vows, I guess, or this would have been awkward." Most of the guests smiled at that. Mike, from down the table, gave him a thumbs up. "Congratulations, then, to Sherlock and John for having remained in eachother's company for an intense twenty plus years without killing eachother or going entirely insane. That alone is phenomenal - it's wonderful that you've made it here. We all couldn't be happier for you." Greg straightened up and cleared his throat. "I guess I can't really think of the right words to say. I'm rubbish at words, really. Probably because the best man is supposed to be the best friend of the man getting married, and though I'm serving as John's today, I know without a doubt that your best friend is the person sitting next to you. I'm just a stand in, though I do think I've gotten pretty close to you both over the last several decades of camaraderie. You won't find two crazier, intelligent, hard working, incredible men anywhere else in the world, and even though I'm just John's filler for today, I'm honored to be chosen. John, you're a great man and a great friend, and I wish you the best." Another short pause ensued in which Molly's husband caught his breath. He glanced over at her, and she lifted the corners of her mouth in encouragement. He appeared relieved at the prospect that he was doing alright. "I find myself in the situation where I have very few embarrassing stories on John and far too many for Sherlock - " Mycroft, from his position next to his mother and Harry, snorted loudly, disguising the undignified sound beneath a cough and sneeze. " - so I will bypass that altogether. I'm afraid Mr. Holmes would come into Molly and I's flat and smother me tonight if I attempted to poke fun at him during his own wedding, and I don't want to die just yet. There aren't any messages on the wedding itself, though a few of John's army mates sent personal emails about the occasion. In summation of all of them, they are saying 'good luck'. There's an undertone of 'if it all goes to shit, we can mug Sherlock at 3am', but I doubt that will be necessary. Anyone with eyes can see that he's just as devoted to John as John is to him, and that's the long and short of their relationship. It's not a 'jump' vs 'how high' scenario, but a delicate balance of wills, and even a genius like the one sprouted in Sherlock has to submit now and again. This is the partnership that we all aspire to, and romance is really just an added bonus. I've never seen two people so in tune to one another; it's astounding. As one random person on the internet once said, 'You may only be one person to the world, but you may also be the world to one person.' I believe the same is true today about Sherlock and John." Finally, he raised his glass. "To you. Have a great one."
, aren't they?"
"It's fascinating, your interactions. You speak without speaking," he mused, lifting his shoulders and slightly disrupting the suit. "Tell me, how is the good doctor?"
"Yeah, then - "
"But maybe I didn't let you know this before and I should now. I've come to develop . . . lapses in coherency for you, John. Stirrings."
"It's Shakespeare. You can actually tolerate the language."
"Well, yeah."
"We appreciate it!" It's the last thing she hears before he is summoned back into the fray, blonde hair falling over his forehead.
"Sherlock, can you come over here for a second?" she requested.
"I'm so happy you're still alive, you idiot," he says, and it's not some grand gesture or romantic intonation, but it
Just then, John Watson swings open the door with a beam, speaking of love. He instantly picks up a frazzled Rosie, throwing her over his shoulders, and she shrieks with laughter as he interacts with her. Curious, this sort of parenting. It's not the practical variety Sherlock has accustomed himself to over the years, but it has its charms.
"John likes it, and I'm John's. Even Rosie seems to have an affection for it. I suggest you grow used to it," he answered, and perhaps, if one looked hard enough, they could observe the tinge of pink coloring the back of his ears.
She can't recall most of the fine details (she was tearing up dreadfully, alright?), but she had watched patiently as the service began.
consult with the Prime Minister before this, actually. And, on that note, you wouldn't decide to stroll outside and wander across London to our flat, of all places. It's sheer common sense. You never choose to do anything without an ulterior motive, and you would certainly never leave caution to the wind in order to go on a
Molly finds it terrifying. She has witnessed the matchmaking frenzies her niece can create - she doesn't wish to be the subject of one.
Paradise, almost.
A stupid, entirely biological affliction. 221B could be ever so drafty this time of year, you know.
It doesn't matter if I die," the detective whispered quietly, turning his gaze back to the ceiling. "John, you're not me. It wouldn't have mattered. You have Mrs. Hudson and Molly and Lestrade and Mike and Rosie. You don't need me." John stood solemnly at the side of the bed, looming over it like a hallowed specter, for once his passive features becoming completely unreadable.
This was exactly what Molly, who was finally,
"Want
He's her friend, and she gets the feeling he doesn't have much of anybody either.
"There's always something. Insignificant details." He brought his tea cup, which hadn't quite stopped steaming yet, to his lips, taking a careful sip. "But you did come here for something. What do you want?" Mycroft, obviously exasperated, sat down on the couch. He might have taken up residence in John's chair had Sherlock not glared at him so viciously.
, and therefore above such trifles - but here he was, rendered speechless.
"For heaven's sake, John, you can be so incredibly
"She thinks I'm her dad?" the detective asked in wonderment, staring at his best friend's child. John, after a brief minute, grinned softly.
"I don't have to to know that you're wonderful at it."
It's an odd feeling, affection. He feels it for Watson, certainly, and who wouldn't? But there are many different types of love, and even though he's fairly sure (how unsavory, not being 100% certain of something - how annoyed other people must be all the time) the type he's experienced for his best friend is more than simply friendship anymore, there is a very, very slim margin for change or reveal.
I have visions of grandeur for a sequel centering around Rosamund, but for now the next page will have to satisfy anyone still curious about her as I have a knack for procrastination, multiple other things to finish, and only a fuzzy idea of the future plot. It will happen eventually, though, and when it does I hope that the same fans will be eager to read about the next adventures of the Watson-Holmes spectacle. I know that I, for one, am looking forward to it.
"Please stay, John. I'd much rather be around you than my insidious brother." The corner of the doctor's lips quirked up.
Blunt. To the point. Not too offensive.
John and Rosamund - wouldn't be so very dissapointed in him) Sherlock would have certainly murdered his brother by now and hid the body far, far away.
"Yes?" he says, combating a yawn fiercely. His limbs still droop, the sleep clinging to them, and his eyelids are struggling to remain peeled back.
Not that there's anything wrong with normal. John is perfectly normal, perhaps slightly more intelligent, and he's delightful.
"Harriet's always going to think you're a conniving arse, now. In the best possible way, of course, but she'll be waiting for you to humiliate me further today."
"Cool!" squeaked one of the students. "A real live detective?"
, it's nothing I haven't done before. Now get going."
"Good, Holmes?" The words are genuinely inquisitive, and the blonde's companion rolls his eyes without any of the usual bite.
That didn't happen often.
"Well, I guess it's just you and me for a while, huh Rosie?" she says, making a concerted effort to smile. Surely this wouldn't take so long.
"Yes, well, small blessings," he laughed, and it was at that point that Molly remembered the good officer needed an answer.
"This is the stupidest thing I'm ever going to do, isn't it?" the blonde muttered softly at the cool tiles, shaking his head as if already blown away by the weight of his unspoken actions.
"You shouldn't be here," he said simply, though his pupils were widened and his grip on his weapon tightened. Clearly, he was shocked that anybody had figured out his secret, let alone tried to confirm the theory. "I could have you arrested for breaking and entering."
. "I bet someone's happy about that, based on the dopey grin on your face."
" - this couldn't have been an original manuscript," Rosamund completed, face brightening. "Do you know what this means?"
Perhaps she's been expending too much thought on this. There's no use pining after what you cannot have.
"Rosamund, what the bloody
To say she was ecstatic was an understatement.
"I know, I know, I just haven't really been around another one since Gladstone . . . " the blonde trailed off, and Reyna grimaced. For a short while, on her twelfth birthday, Rosamund had received a rescue named Gladstone. He was a pudgy bulldog, around one or two, but he was a sweet and rather lovable pet.
A full, real scoff. Sherlock had never felt so proud.
Except for her friends, of course. She had Mrs. Hudson, who was practically another mother, and John, who was quite a kind, strong man, and she fancied him as something of a brother, if she had ever had one. Sherlock was slightly harder to place, as she used to have a crush the size of the moon on him for ages, but eventually she learned to consider him as a close friend, if not an easily disgruntled one, or perhaps the person her 'brother' was dating. Their feelings were far from platonic, anyways, so that part didn't much matter. Mycroft, in the few times she had met him, came off as a well-meaning, slightly odd and severe, estranged cousin. He cared, but at a concealed distance - it's far less easy to get hurt that way, but she knew Mycroft did love them, in his own strange version. Their parents, Sherlock and Mycroft's, were delightful, almost like in laws, which she obviously didn't possess yet, as one needs to be married to have in laws.
"I'm sorry to make you feel uncomfortable, John. I didn't want to - "
, and that was more important than her mild self consciousness.
Sherlock is in a hospital.
"So you admit that you managed to scheme your way into pestering me this afternoon? You probably had to pencil me in before the Prime Minister - I suppose I should feel important."
. It's beautiful, really.
Aunt Molly lifts an eyebrow, as she has been waiting with Lestrade and Rosamund for the last few hours in the hall, yet says nothing. Instead, she excuses herself for a bathroom break, sensing the start of a private conversation.
"It's supposedly - though we know the contrary - an original Shakespeare. Somebody went through the trouble of introducing iambic pentameter in between prose, forging the writing style, and attempting to copy what little the modern day has recovered of his calligraphy in order to sell a 'lost, unpublished set of foul papers'. They had to keep the original frauds somewhere more secure, though the quill and ink Henderson used may still be in this room. We might need them for further proof later." Reyna frowned, stuffing the papers down her jacket anyhow.
The detective is entirely certain that this cannot be. It contradicts everything he's known to be true about himself in relation to others; he recognizes that he is careless with word choice and very good at offending people, makes great messes all around his flat and would be swimming in filth had it not been for his roommate and Mrs. Hudson, is prone to the insatiable and the dramatic when it comes to annoyance, and has a very nasty habit of driving everyone in a thousand foot radius far, far away with his general disposition. Sherlock is not compatible with the world, nor its inhabitants, and this has simply been a fact of life before John and those who followed.
And so, Sherlock grips the front of his old sweater with hands still stiff from sleep, hands that would be very easy to disentangle from but haven't been shoved away yet, and he basks in the feeling of
, no matter what. The simple act of texting a woman besides his wife had filled him with guilt, and even at his maddest, he never abandoned Sherlock or their cases.
for it, you know."
She's admitting it. She doesn't get rugby. She's failed at being British.
This very likely wouldn't happen. She knows that she isn't the prettiest, or the smartest, or the strongest, and that hasn't ever bothered her. She wanted to get married and have children and start a family - preferably a big one, so that nobody would ever be alone, so it would never go back to her and her mother and nothing - but that was simply not how it panned out.
"Molly?" Well then. He looked focused enough - clearly he had stopped thinking and had reached a decision.
It figured, really. He was
"What did you ask? For clarification, of course."
"That much of a pushover for Rosie?"
Well then. Lestrade was joining their rugby support group.
That, Molly could affirm.
"I'm not going anywhere, you hear?"
I guess I should have called this a four part story - I always intended to add an epilogue to tie everything up nicely and give you all a glimpse of the future, and it's going to be the length of another installment, broken into two parts because it's insanely long. I think I already mentioned that before, but here it is again. I hope what I've gotten through so far was satisfactory, though.
"I don't want to see you in a hospital bed, on the back of an ambulance, ever, ever again." His blue eyes wavered as if beginning to drown in tears and memorabilia. "It was bad enough the first time they took you away."
"You didn't realize it then, did you? At the fall. It was later." Sherlock smiles wryly.
"Too nosy, though, does exist."
"That
" She sprang up from the folds of the couch, landing squarely on her small feet. "Dad, I don't want to think about counting and the alphabet. I can already recite it all backwards and I can spell my name. Can't I just . . . " At this point, Sherlock Holmes picked up the blonde girl and placed her on his lap.
Well. The strange mistakes our brains invent.
, when do we get to leave and go home? I have several experiments going on at the flat that I need to catalog."
"That's because John
There hadn't ever been much leeway in her job - it was one of the few drawbacks to the position. She examined dead bodies for a living, so it wasn't as if the profession was in high demand or anything, but where would you move up? Much of the work was individual, and you were held accountable for your own lab findings. Improvement in status just wasn't common or easy to achieve, regardless of your devotion to the craft.
It was kind of hilarious, in a way.
"Oh come on, you were asking for it. Rosamund could have avoided that pothole better."
certainly not sweating or anything. And the documents my friend procured are definitely up to snuff with your so-called originals. Tell me, you
, Dad." Blinking, Sherlock decided to sit down across from her. Rosie remained seething in her father's armchair. As of now, the tattered fabric appeared to swallow up her small frame, but he suspected that over time the young Watson would come to fill it properly.
"Not a thing. But bloody hell, it will make life more difficult for her down the road. She chooses to live in the shadows of London, chasing strangers at the crack of dawn - it does terrible things to your diet and sleep schedule, I have to admit."
Sherlock was standing in a shabby sitting room, empty of furniture. A cold wood stove crouched in the corner. Bluish daylight filtered in through a single dusty window. He flexed his fingers. They were large and pale and moved when he wanted them to.
“You go on to better things, Sherlock. If you can unravel even half of the political time bombs that Brooks has set in motion, you are poised to help save
At last, they scramble up a stony face that’s like climbing inverted stairs in an MC Escher print. They flop breathlessly  onto the grassy saddle of Bwlch Coch, the path luxuriously wide compared to the narrow, craggy ascent. They pause to take in the view of the ridge they’ve crossed, gulping water. After the long stretch of silence and the precision of the difficult climb, the tension has faded between them. Sherlock hands John an energy bar and tears into one of his own.
“An attack, very public, covered up with TD12, widespread usage. You’ll have completed it on schedule for them, I expect, as the price to wake me up?” Sherlock nods grimly. “Right. They’ll have synthesized gallons of it by now.”
John has finished taping the dressing over the wound and rolls gauze around Sherlock’s bicep.
“Oh, you’re a riot. How about
“John, I don’t want to alarm you, but I believe the water level has risen since I arrived in the well.” John practically barks out a laugh into his shoulder.
date?”
“Weaponized aneurism,” he replies quietly.
Sherlock glanced at him. “You hated farming,” he said simply. John nodded, not bothering to question
“You… you’re a halfblood,” John whispered. “My God, I’ve been looking for ages…”
know I was a surgeon?”
John scowls. “What? But that’s impossible.”
Seemed to want to keep you occupied.”
“I was sixteen.”
Long minutes pass as they climb in tense silence. “If you’d like to know,” Sherlock hazards, “I was thinking how we should get one of those baby carriers and take Rosie on a jaunt.”
“Might want to get a doc to have a look at you while you’re here.” Lestrade grips his shoulder. “Don’t expect you’ll be going home anytime soon.”
“We’d tell you,” Sherrinford says lightly, popping a scone into Mycroft’s shirt pocket as he passes, “but then we’d have to kill you.”
“Not a word, Rosamund. Not a breath.”
“So what next?”
23.07.93   11:45
Mycroft’s tone has turned bitter and exhausted. He rubs his forehead and glowers out his window at the passing cityscape.
John had hefted the large spoon and was tilting his head, scowling at his altered face in the concave reflection. Sherlock looked down and saw he had become a bland fellow in a clerk’s tweed short-pants and coat, his hair stalk-straight and trimmed in an unfortunate bowl-cut.
John fled down the narrow alley, pulling the exhausted halfblood with him. Despite his self-sacrificing plea, Sherlock seemed to be making an earnest attempt to keep going.
“Bloody hell, don’t you think that much power will corrupt him?”
18.07.93   22:24
“Is it better centrifuged?”
Jesus, what week are we at?”
. . .
The creature raised thick, bushy brows. “Saw you sparkle out of the sky, drop like a stone into my river. Very interestin’. Got out my net to have a looksee.”
What new chain reaction are they tumbling through? What comes after this?
. John’s rage simmers into a dull misery as he reflexively bobs, treads, gasps, submerges, bobs. He’s right, of course.
“Chain, on my right foot,” he mumbles apologetically. “Padlock. Little kid’s bones.” He wants to be helpful, to speed up his escape, but he can tell the last detail startles Sherlock.
“It’s Lestrade. He wants to come by and
Wet cotton is really the least of his worries at the moment, but if he can delay hypothermia a few minutes with wool against his skin, he'll take it. Sherlock would know, he's probably written a thesis on the insulating properties of over 200 forms of plant and animal fibers. The thought squeezes his heart. He glances up at the opening of the well, but finds it unchanged.
John scrutinizes a large circular brass plate mounted on a stone cairn, calling out the names of the mountains it indicates around them.
Like, extra magical. I thought it was just my imagination…”
“Should last ‘bout two, three hours. It’s going on toward dawn now. If you go quick, you’ll make it before the streets fill up with rabble.”
Sherrinford continues to give him the same maddeningly knowing smile.
Sherlock’s eyes take in the chaos of the sitting room. Little has changed – the basket of laundry to be folded is slightly emptier; the blanket on the couch is rumpled into a ball; the white noise machine is on, soothing no one. A new empty tea mug on the coffee table catches his eye and he stoops close. The cup is empty, the level of the tea marked three times on the interior of the cup, indicating it had been forgotten over several hours and drunk even when cold. He rubs his finger along the inside with a squeak. The rings don’t budge, so it’s over 12 hours old. John would have had tea this morning. Where’s the mug?
He willed the outcome to be so. At the same moment, he felt a pinching tug in his mind. John winced and his hand came down
He cries the unwept tears of unspeakable relief when he had reappeared. How many times has he almost lost him? He shudders at his own innocence when Mary was a warm, funny life raft that he’d clung to, cries out the pain of her deceit. He sobs for his child, lost to him, maybe never his at all.
John’s quizzical brow furrows deeper as he takes in Sherlock and the state of the sitting room.
common barn swallow. Eurasian collared doves, the majority female. A tawny owl,
about the welfare of one of our most promising formulators.”
And just like that, John is holding their baby. Their daughter. And Sherlock is wrapping himself around both of them, kissing the tiny face, kissing John, and they’re weeping and laughing and then the baby begins to howl, a beautiful protest.
John scowled, confused. “We studied that in school. That was when they outlawed killing halfbloods.”
“Just what am I exuding?” John shouted archly.
“Oh, and you can tell that from your comfortable berth, can you?” John smirks at him. Without looking away from the screen, Sherlock grabs for his pillow and lobs it at John’s head.
“If not sooner. Our business here is nearly complete. We’ll catch the earliest train we can.”
“You, too.”
He was flipping idly through a leather-bound collection of Gaelic poetry when he heard a cheery ‘Hoo-hoo!’ from the stairwell. Mrs. Hudson strode through the flat’s doorway, several objects floating around her like moons orbiting a spirited planet wrapped in a magenta housecoat: a tray laden with cold meat and cheese, a pot of hot tea, a bowl of the restorative soup, and two neatly folded stacks of clothing.
Sherlock’s own personal storm cloud shifts and he grins, changing course to meet him. His smile slips when his brother’s features become clear. Bloody lip, bruised eye, swelling around the left cheek, his left arm held close to his torso. His stomach clenches with worry.
“She likes to be walked about after her meals and bounced in the carrier to Vivaldi, or anything in 3/8 time,” Sherlock adds.
Sherlock senses a shift as the August nights became cooler, the vines in the topiary garden turning vivid red, the beach stormy, reflecting their own sudden restlessness.
“You don’t have that power. You unknowingly mixed the formulas and he’s had a bad reaction. This was an accident and you’re trying to turn it into a clever move to blackmail me.”
“Thank you, doctor, safety first,” Sherlock sing-songs as he stirs the eggs. “Toast?”
everyone’s thoughts are!”
“Oh, John,” she coos with loaded innocence. “You don’t have any
Sherlock shivers pleasantly. “Ah,” he rumbles playfully into John’s hair, “what part are you remembering?”
Sherlock takes the laptop from John’s knees and begins typing rapidly, pulling up a screen showing a pixelated map of the earth. A faint orange trail crosses India, Iran, Turkey andItaly, growing pale as it heads west, ending over France and blinking as fitfully as a firefly.
Sherlock huffs, pouring the precise amount of milk he knows John takes in his tea.
“S’okay – I’ll look ‘round.”
But for a brief and pointless foray to Bart’s, we have not left the flat. You have been in a drugged sleep for several days, enduring, if my own experience is any reference, highly disturbing and lucid nightmares.”
John heaves himself to his feet and gingerly takes the few steps back to the couch. He flops next to Sherlock and responds by kissing him lightly. Sherlock blinks through the kiss, then shifts onto his side to make room for John beside him, spooning him from behind and pulling the blanket over them.
“Honestly, Sherlock, who puts a bloody chain at the bottom of a well?" His hoarse voice echoes unnervingly. “Rusty enough to have been here awhile. This your sister’s idea of being welcomed into the family?” He’s dimly aware that he’s speaking to Sherlock. It steadies him.
But before he can even turn, John’s fingertips are at his stubbled chin, gently pivoting Sherlock’s face toward his own. Confused, Sherlock lets him, locking onto his eyes, ocean-blue irises eclipsed by wide pupils.
“Sherlock, this turn of events is most unexpected.”
Mum says routine is good for her, so at 3:00 every afternoon, Sherlock winds down his work and heads to the kitchen to boil water and put together a plate of the savory fennel biscuits his Gran loves. He brings it to her on a tray on her bedroom’s little balcony, rolling down the awning if it’s raining.
“Sherlock?” John calls after him, puzzled, wrapping the towel around his middle. “What did you just realize?”
“Yea… was going to take a walk, clear my head.”
“Who are… they?”
“Mycroft,
ill, but it’s not safe for you to be here anymore, you have to trust me on that.”
that are coming from his own throat shock him. Guttural, panting.
“Sherlock,” he says hesitantly, their faces inches apart, “William Sherlock Scott Holmes. You have saved my life. More times than I care to count. Please save me for all time: love me, be with me, for all our days. Yes, to everything you just said, yes to all of it. And more of it. I love you, I pledge my whole self to you, utterly.”
John gasped.
“But how
Sherlock winced as John lightly brushed a finger over his cut, then placed his hands onto his waxen forehead and chest to observe his vitals. Sherlock ran a finger over the smooth, unbroken skin of his own cheek, watching him closely.
to wake you.”
us ladies,” Edith coos in her Irish brogue, cuddling Melissa. The baby’s wide, blue eyes try to focus on the mass of curly hair above her in the carrier, swatting a small, pudgy hand at a loose strand and tugging hard. “Ow! Wow, great
John scowled, reluctant for Sherlock to see his yearning for the Wall, and his company, so plainly. “For what purpose?”
“And it’s… is it the size…”
. But there’s hardly any use nagging. Victor’s gone for the summer.” He hopes the disappointment doesn’t show too much.
In the near future I'll be posting the 'untwisted' timeline, if you're curious to see how the events unfolded without the hindrance of TD10 and TD12. I'm also going to draw their tattoo. ;)
“Am so,” John mumbles, “said you wanted to get in this tub with me.”
“Behind the old crisps,” they say in unison, and John presses his forehead to Sherlock’s.
John could feel Mrs. Hudson’s eyes on him as he supported Sherlock through the fit, his healer’s fingertips easing the fluid’s passage, opening airways. As the cough subsided, he helped Sherlock lay back, the man’s eyes fluttering closed.
He whirled around and saw the unmistakable shape of John standing in the shadows.
After a week of rain, the sun burns through the fog and sets the raindrops glittering on the little ivy-covered house.
“It drove me up a bloody wall. Couldn’t maintain a civil conversation with her. Couldn’t sleep in the same bed. I felt a revulsion for my life in that house. I just wanted you to recover. It helped, having your care to focus on. When you invited me to stay here after you left hospital, taking leave from work, well, that was. Good. Very good.” Sherlock nods.
“Oh, we’ll see how long you hold to that.”
John’s thumb tap-ta-taps his ring just as his fingers slide over the nape of her neck. The droplet of TD-10 lands on her skin, and Rosamund Mary Watson Moran crumples into his arms.
Did you just say
“There,” says the most matronly of the set as they rush back. “Now, of
“Well, the first payment was just an advance. And yes. Had a bit too much on hand to resist a good bit of fun, if you know what I mean.” It’s his turn to arch his eyebrow at Sherlock, then frowns. “I’ll need the rest to cover my debts once I’ve cracked it.”
John blurted with incredulous awe, “that all of this would happen.”
“Whoa, easy now,” A warm chuckle.
he’d asked his guide,
I can't express enough how grateful I am to all of you for reading along with me these last 8!! months.
“Quite a first aid kit you take on your deliveries.”
“No, I’m staying with you.”
“Thank you.” John hums a sigh. Sherlock gradually relaxes against him, his breath slowing.
“What are
“Take a rest, John, I’ll just be in the kitchen.”
“Yes, I’m sure she did.”
of interest they felt needed to be worked out in the flesh. But we’re square. Kept all my digits.”
Sherlock knows he’s trying to make light of it, but still scowls and disentangles himself.
“It’s um, artistic movement, sir,” Chen says sheepishly.
In the span of the mere moments it takes them to find him crumpled on the sofa, John
He flipped back to the front, finding an inscription:
John thrilled at this unexpected turn. “What,
“I… nothing interesting on this afternoon.”
He was begrudgingly grateful for John’s patient explanation – he had clearly known Sherlock’s mind was leagues away and had wanted to help him without drawing attention to it.
is, maybe some toy–”
They stroll along Regent Park’s familiar central path. The sun is unexpectedly hot. People sprawl on blankets in the grass and little children splash beneath the bronze mermaids in Triton Fountain.
Sherlock quieted, his breath shallow, but even. His eyes remained closed, dark curls plastered to his forehead. John watched him with a pinched feeling in his chest.
marks, and very recent – still slightly swollen, but scabbed. We overlooked it on the ridge – your hands had absorbed most of the impact.” Sherlock quickly takes John’s hands, scrutinizing the palms. “See how these abrasions are irregular, wider?” He quickly touches a palm to his lips, releasing him and brandishing the photo.
bit. “Didn’t make any sense in the… the
“No,” Mrs. Hudson shook her head dismissively. “The Queen captures her halfbloods whole, as we know. These murders are showy, vile, and seem completely random. The only constant is the ancient, iron spellwork involved. Dark, awful stuff. Word always gets back to me, but each time I’m
“Oh! How’d you… course. Right.” He grins. “Thank you, sir, I will sir.”
“Hmm. It might be, after all. Off-duty now, are you not?”
“Well, yes. But you must have been so lonely. Were you at least close with your brother?”
“Yes. I
Sherlock glances up at John, doggedly clambering along the narrow ridge ahead of him. He had insisted John go first – the easier to help him if he froze or stumbled, though he didn’t say so – but despite Sherlock’s earlier fears, John has proven to be a stolid rambler with sure footing. If not exactly
There is a quiet space as Mary reacts with shock and horror at this news. Sherlock’s monitors quietly beep and hum.
“John, you’re a doctor, you know how important it is that I keep you hydrated. So just put up with this for a bag’s worth and I’ll take it away. Can you do that for me? Please?”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock. So, so sorry you had to endure this horrific experience. I’m bloody raging inside that they took such advantage of your mind.” Sherlock can feel John’s hand clench against his back reflexively and leans into him, relief fogging his thoughts.
Sherlock groans
Watching him pace the length of their small hospital room, John has a sudden fierce stab of worry. Perhaps the journey reminded him of some past trauma he’s not ready to divulge, especially during the birth of their child. Or maybe it’s the proximity to Rosamund.
“Heart rate elevated, adrenaline racing, blood pressure too high, but no sign of physical trauma.” John took his hand away and shook his fingers to extinguish the connection.
She’d made him a fresh suit for the little ceremony and his dad had baked a tart. Standing in the sunny garden, his big sister Harriet had proudly punched him in the shoulder. The Watson Inn had still stood solidly behind them, his precious blue mountains sharp in the clear spring air. As was customary, his mum had left one small hole in the cloth of his suit, and he’d joined it before his family and friends without bungling it. He’d been
Lissa suddenly beams at this, nodding vigorously. He breaths a little sigh of relief to have avoided a powerful bout of temper that would have put off the rest of the experiment for at least an hour.
Sherlock finishes his text and puts the mobile on the table with a “check mate” finality.
“I love you,” he quietly adds. “Please, let me help you.”
“…John?” he whispers hoarsely, then cries, “John!” his deep voice cracking. Sherlock lurches up from behind him. Long hands on his shoulder, feather-soft on his face, his hair. “Can you hear me? John, please,
18.07.93   12:02
“You must love it, then. I take it you’re on the roster?” With a twinge of concern, Sherlock notices their sleek car is heading out of London. He plays at spotting the undercover escort accompanying them on all sides of the motorway.
Moments later, they are both snoring
John’s eyes burn into him and he pulls him to his chest. “Either way, it was a rescue, love.” Taking his cock in hand, John erases all worries from his mind.
Sherlock saw through John’s mind how the ghostly apparitions of waterways had flickered below them. There had been an explosion of energy and they’d plummeted into the
The forest air resonated with wild magic that sunk into his cells, as soothing as the purr of an enormous cat. He pulled in deep breaths, feeling buoyant.
Sherlock stands guard over the three aggressors lying in a defeated, semi-conscious heap at his feet. One struggles to stand, but he roughly kicks the boy’s legs out from under him.
John knelt quickly by his side, splaying out his hand on Sherlock’s fever-hot chest to ease the spasm. A frizzle of the odd purple energy fanned out across the man’s bare chest, twining up John’s fingers and wrist.
I… I just keep running it all through my mind. ­What if I wasn’t having a nightmare? I wouldn’t have hit her, she’d have killed me in my sleep, then you. What if I’d never hid that gun. I’d have been as defenseless as I was at Magnusson’s. She’d have shot you. You’d be dead. What if Lissa hadn’t started crying – I wouldn’t have had time to get my gun.” He shudders. “It’s all so much chance.”
“Don’t like hospitals. Knew you’d come. It’s Tuesday.”
“Do I play the trumpet?” Sherlock asks.
happened. I can feel it in my gut.” He struggles to hold back his tears as he watches Sherlock, unconscious. “What in god’s name happened to him, Greg? Why can’t I remember?”
that feels good…” he breathes as strong violinist fingers knead the knots.
Go to bed, little brother. Your brain will work better with sleep. Don’t make me drive out there and dose you.
“Oh.” Sherlock seemed stunned into silence by John’s announcement.
“Sir, bird just arrived for you.”
“Then–” John whirls out of his arms and Sherlock springs to his feet, fumbling for the bedside lamp, Melissa’s cries still howling through the monitor. In the sudden glow of soft light, Sherlock sees the gun still gripped in John’s hand. He follows the trajectory of John’s bullet, realizing his error.
The look together, yesterday’s mountains flashing by in miniature on the small screen. John had taken shots looking back on the narrow ridge from their relatively safe vantage of the saddle. He stops suddenly, finding a photo of himself on hands and knees in his walking gear, nose to the dust, scrutinizing a footprint with his lens. The angle is not flattering.
“But you don’t think so.”
“I didn’t!” Sherlock crows, releasing the earlobe. “Though I wish I had. I remember I gallantly gave you the bed, determined to work through the night.”
Sherlock wakes with a start. The doorbell has been buzzing its way into his dreams.
The strangeness is too much. John folds his knees into his chest and buries his head, raking at his hair. Sherlock blinks rapidly as he absorbs this information.
He shivered with nervous excitement.
His imagination couldn’t fathom what would come after, but he ached for it.
“Course, Sir. Be a blessed relief after this horror.” She irritably slapped the copper flank of her steed. “London, is it? You really think they flew that far?”
While it cooks, he walks the piles of laundry into their bedroom and goes through the familiar ritual of putting everything away. The scent of Mary is still strong as he opens her drawers and replaces the tunics and stretchy pants she’d begun wearing to accommodate the first bulge of the pregnancy.
Domestic life with Mary had been a horror, not because it was mundane, but because they had made no sense together. If he is honest with himself, the long, quiet mornings at 221B with Sherlock were some of his happiest, but they were made all the more interesting when a day’s pent up desire could be expelled chasing a thief or a murderer together, watching Sherlock’s mind leap and dole out justice.
“I’ve got you.”
“Good pond stomp?”
“Not yet,” John whispers. “Sit here. Got questions.”
But how will you escape unnoticed? Are we leaving now?”
Sunlight shone brightly on a row of brownstone buildings. The cobbles rattled with carriages drawn by horse, machine, and
“I already
Sherlock snaps up his mobile and taps out the request. Order placed, he tosses it onto the couch cushions. He eyes John warily. While he’s been distracted, John has stood and is taking a few experimental steps to the light switch. He reaches it, floods the room with light, then turns and wobbles. Sherlock tenses to leap to his side, but John holds up a hand, regaining his balance and completing the trek, finally slumping into his chair.
our fault,” Mycroft says, his voice so suddenly quiet and uncertain that Sherlock snaps to face him, frowning. Mycroft gives him a pained look from under his eyebrows, rain on his face. “Save him, Sherlock.”
Sherlock breathes him in, John’s many secretions painting his own skin. The ridiculous notion of being covered in his pheromones, of being marked by his mate, makes him giddy.
“It’s a breast pump. And a hands-free pumping bra, very efficient. I’ve been at it all day – a bit chafed, but it’s actually quite a pleasant sensation.” He frowns, peeking into the plastic cups pushed against his nipples. “No luck yet, but then, it’s only the first day. The aubergine on the shelf doesn’t really inspire the same hormonal stimulus as a real baby. I’ve been reading the health reports from Mycroft, trying to draw inspiration. No luck yet.”
Hello excellent readers! Thank you, as ever, for your patience with this story. This chapter required an unexpected amount of work... it laughed at me as it grew into two chapters and then went through several phoenix transformations of revision... Each re-read finds me snipping and fussing like it's a homemade haircut. But I think it's time to push this fledgling from the nest and watch it fly. Huge thanks to my hardworking and very patient beta, shirleycarlton!
. John obeys, let’s himself sink, pushes at the floor, breaks the surface, sucks in air, submerges.
“They–wait. So, what, you’re
“I heard you, you know,” Sherlock rumbles.
Subject: Re: Re: Re: 60!
is not being able to get to you when you need it.”
“But the
for his formidable body hair. He stilled his distracted mind, focusing on the humming core of wild magic in his chest. John had described his as a kindled fire, but Sherlock had always felt his own magic was cool and blustery, like a flock of birds in a sudden gale. Sinking into the swirling zephyr, Sherlock tried to
She hovered the bowl of restorative soup toward him, then bustled off to peer at the fire, fingers flexing with spellwork.
He looks down to watch John’s beautiful mouth take him inside his very body.
Sherlock’s breath catches, making John’s lips twitch into a quick smile.
“Do we have to do this?”
He pockets his mobile with a huff.
They break at a plateau that’s nearly the width of a taxi. After taking a long drink from his water tube, Sherlock points off in the direction of the largest dome-topped peak to their left, pale blue in the humid air.
“Very good to see you up and about, sir.”
His eyes catch on John’s bare shoulder. There are three small lines just to the left of his shoulder blade, thin red scratches less than a centimeter long, slightly scabbed, fresh. Too thin and close together to have been made by his own nails during their frotting.
"If I don’t do it now, it’ll soon be over my head anyway.” He pulls in a sharp breath, squeezes his eyes shut, and plunges under the surface.
“Oh, Sherlock, surely it cannot surprise you. Your abilities were well known within the League. You had made a name for yourself rather young, if you recall. When the customary time arose for the Moriarty to find his successor, you were in the running.”
“Course I do,” he says softly. “Honestly, starting today I don’t ever want to sleep
John gave a huge, involuntary sigh of relief. He felt oddly buoyant, as if a weight he hadn’t realized he’d been carrying had been lifted, making him feel bold. “Mrs. Hudson, you’ll forgive my ignorance, I hope, but how do you, well,
Tallack squinted at the sign short-sightedly, a circle of lens swiveling in front of his human eye on a tiny brass arm. “
The flat is quiet. The paramedics have gone, the armed guards have become invisible somewhere on Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson has finally stopped fussing and retreated to her flat. Sherlock smells cinnamon and knows she is relieving anxiety with her customary ritualistic baking. Molly fusses with the makeshift lab in the kitchen.
“He’s fifteen, Mycroft, he can make his own choices,” Sherrin snaps.
“Obviously.”
They’d arrived at the cottage after midnight. Sherlock had kissed him awake and John had shuffled blearily through the chill night air, glimpsing a sky filthy with stars. It had felt very familiar. They’d found the key in the decorative gnome postbox and dumped their bags in a corner, stripping off jackets and trousers, tumbling onto the bed that took up most of the tiny one-room cabin, falling headlong into sleep.
. Right, Mrs. Hudson up from her nap, then?”
“Problem?”
The utterance does something alchemical to Sherlock’s blood. His throat constricts and tears sting his eyes. He knows. God, how he finally knows. John’s body has been chanting this to him like a mantra - and not just tonight, with their naked flesh. Sherlock’s known for years, but was never allowed to admit it if John wouldn’t say it. How many exposed looks had John averted, how many fierce scowls of jealousy? It doesn’t matter anymore. He hugs John’s solid warmth to him, every cell singing.
“What did you have in mind?” he asks quietly.
“John, I am not an idiot. My grandmother taught me about human mages’ ridiculously simplistic magic.”
“Yes, love. Go ahead.”
disarming.
John slid down the wall to join Sherlock, his bad leg demanding a rest. “That’s a public aviary over there.”
“Oh, we knew exactly what we were doing. Your little e-mails were ever so fun to read. So informative.” Sherlock scowls as his theory is challenged. “We’re very clever. And we know
slope angularly–”
“Please, it’s fine.”
“Mycroft is alerting me that Rosamund was just discovered to have escaped her high-security prison. Our security will be tripled.”
He woke the next morning feeling rested and whole, hopping up from the sofa with a crackle of vigor to stretch his limbs and seek out the loo.
. It sits raw and new and fragile in their trembling hands.
“John–” Sherlock rushes to him, and John has hardly stood before he’s nearly knocked over by the force of his hug. They cling together. John’s chest heaves with relief, with unspent anxiety, with grief.
The fire cat swirled around their legs, urging them on.
“Sherlock…” John has his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He realizes he’s said his name a few times.
Sherlock is crawling on the floor looking for his trousers, squinting against the sunlight. Suddenly his head snaps to the bed, the previous night returning to him.
Sherlock drops beside him panting, but only rests a moment, springing up to untangle the rope from John’s limbs.
It’s just as well their parents are away. They spend the next three days in the makeshift, but highly serviceable, lab that fills most of Sherlock’s bedroom. While Sherlock works to synthesize the veritable Rube Goldberg of chemical reactions, Sherrinford brings his napping rats and sets up equipment to monitor their sleep cycles and REM states.
Or certainly,
A thump from down the hall snaps him out of his reverie. Rising soundlessly to his feet, senses alert, he pads quickly across the carpet of the sitting room, stepping carefully between the papers. Another thump, louder, as if a kick has been aimed at the wall of his old bedroom.
– his chest ached with the horror of it. But he realized that he couldn’t remember who it
alterations. You ever hear ‘em roar?”
“So did I.”
“Go on.
“Yea. That’s the one. Sylvain.
“Here, take her a bit, could you? I need the loo.”
should have flown as he did after such a long magical incarceration. That he flew for so many hours is simply incredible.”
“Which branch is running the investigation, Greg?” she muttered.
“Oh. Okay.”
“Ah. And crying nonstop? Refusing to be put down?”
Sherlock blinked at him, confused by John’s guilt. “You saved my life in that river. I owe you
Sherlock quickly pried off his hand. “Look more worn out, you’ve just come off the night shift,” he hissed.
like is dad who could heat the stew or chill his lemonade with the touch of his fingertips; a
“Did you know? That I followed you that night?” he pulls his eyes back to Sherlock. “Or did I surprise you, too, when I showed up at Magnusson’s? Janine, she thought I was with you, she just let me in. I couldn’t believe it.”
the Princess’s early Netter failures. Lestrade’s guide had implied breezily that any found divulging the queen’s scientific secrets would join those in the tomb.
“Oy, watch it!” John grins, catching it.
John notices a light kindling in Sherlock’s eyes as they drive through crowded London toward Baker Street. The hum and bustle of the city is a little alarming to him at first, and he feels Sherlock’s eyes on him more often, assessing his state.
“Welcome home, O’ honorable Moriarty. Oh
Rosie. So small, so new, but with such a fierce grip on his heart. He imagines not being there for her when she wakes next, crying and looking for comfort, not hearing her speak, watch her run away from him in the park after a flock of pigeons, make up bedtime stories… All stolen from him. Sherlock’s dispassionate voice tells him that this is all a clear sign of his human defect. John feels a wave of rage and roars as his head breaks the surface, kicking vainly against the chain.
“Yea,” John breathed, his awe curdling into fear, eyes darting up and down the street that had no comforting cover of swirling steam. He glimpsed more of their
The IV bag is empty. He hesitantly gets up and considers taking the opportunity to get another. John stirs and frowns in his sleep and Sherlock absently squeezes his shoulder as he stands.
bar fights, and waking up in jail after you vomited on a suspect’s carpet, there was a moment with you that I enjoyed. Immensely.”
“No m’not,” Sherlock leans in too fast to kiss him at the exact same moment as John, their trajectories all wrong.
Sherlock tucked his knees up to his chest. “Clues, John. There has to be
From far below, dark trees and stony outcrops rushed toward them. In a small, clear part of John’s panicked mind, he knew they were falling too fast, that even if Sherlock somehow roused, he’d never be able to pull them out of their free-fall. John squeezed his eyes shut.
John.”
“There’s nothing to
And a coptor? Tobi must be thrilled. Though they made Lestrade airsick, she loved flying the new dragonfly-shaped craft. He wondered why the alert was coming from the military base, not Ashford’s local police. He’d puzzle it later. They hadn’t had a flyer in years. Could be interesting.
I shouldn’t. Too searchable. I’m really onto something – got my own rats and everything. Come soon.
She shook her head. “We’ve known that for some time.” Her eyes flicked to his. “John. Do you know
Late afternoon light is pooling in the room when Sherlock finally puts the violin down on the bedside table. He stares at his immobile friend for a while, watches the steady rise and fall of his chest, his relaxed face, then sighs.
“Why?”
Weaving smoky patterns in the air, she walked around the room once, twice, three times, then extinguished the herbs. After tucking them back into the chest, she stared into the crackling fire, her fingertips idly stroking the fur on Lune’s back.
Kinsey gave him a sly wink. “Not a word, though. Can’t have a rush of cadets taking up all the good spots. But I’ll let
Sherlock had no reason to trust him. With his sordid upbringing, the man had no reason to trust anyone. John’s mind warred with itself.
It was the wrestling that had led to it. The years of school rugby were transforming his weedy friend into a sturdy bloke who could topple and hold him with ease. The holds did something strange to him. Sherlock had always thought himself immune to the idiocy of
Sherlock blinked with surprise. The magical connection broke with a small
What will make the little unpolished diamond dance? What will deliver a complete antidote?
“I don’t suggest you keep that mustache,” Sherlock grinned. “Doesn’t suit you.”
Sherlock’s foot-rubbing hits a ticklish spot and John startles more fully awake.
I didn’t see you on the tube–”
“When we lived together, I would often play outside your door when you had nightmares.” Sherlock smiles sheepishly. “It seemed to soothe you.”
“John… steady.” He feels ready to lunge, to strike, but Sherlock is at his side. When did he get there? Mary watches them, sipping her tea, bemused. His hand on John’s elbow is very firm as he speaks in a low tone. “I realize this is a horror for you.” He mumbles very quietly, “We do this together, now.”
“Come, sit at the kitchen table so I can see it in the light. You look pale enough to faint. Not that that’s unusual.”
~ o ~
John lurches away from his grasp, rolling onto his other side with a yell, still caught in the terrible dream.
Sherlock locks eyes with him, grips his hands for emphasis.
Sherlock holds his head in his hands, the data slowly seeping into his mind and reconfiguring events.
“Yes,” he broke in curtly. “I learned that. Eventually.”
John couldn’t help but peer up at the vivid blue dotted with clouds. He could not fathom how
“Boys! What on earth is happening up here? I woke to a terrible commotion –”
me, your brother Mycroft is putting us to sleep.”
“Impossible, nice doctor like you. Oh...” Sherlock has pulled out his wallet.
“Finished.”
"Hold on, let me just–" He tugs at Sherlock’s pajamas. Sherlock lets him go and obligingly tilts his pelvis for John to pull them off and toss onto the floor. "Yes, much better." John sits back on his heels, briefly enjoying the sight of him sprawled and breathless on the bed in just his shirt. With a startle, he suddenly jumps up, stumbling for a step, and locks the door. “Just in case.”
“Precisely!” She beamed at him and John couldn’t help warming at her approval. “On our side of the Wall, cinquefoil is diminished, hardly worth growing for a tincture. But in this haven, it’s very strong, an excellent ingredient for the soup.”
He wonders with a little jolt what could be waiting for them outside the well. His eyelids feel leaden, his thoughts sluggish.
“Remind me to commend Lestrade on his unusually perceptive observations,” Sherlock huffs. “But as usual, he failed to notice the greatest feature of interest. Shock amnesia in a danger-addicted war veteran,
“Oh, poor love, struck down two for two,” Mary simpers sarcastically. “Out getting pissed, I’m sure. Do forgive my assumptions, Sherlock. I know how you feel about my
“Welcome home,” he says quietly, foreheads pressed, arms wrapped about the other.
cool. But ultimately, you’re doing it because your good heart worries about your idiot big brother. You’re not a greedy sot like me, bored and desperate for a thrill no matter the cost.”
The attacker confirmed, Sherlock taps the movie, curious to move ahead to the other photos to see if they’d accidentally captured another glimpse of the kestrel. The video continues to play. The whole picture lurches to the side.
“Stopping to smell the roses?”
He placed his hand on Sherlock’s shuddering back. With a quick pulse of energy, he urged the fluid
That night, Sherrinford forgets to put his gloves back on after returning from the loo. Sherlock is pulled from his reverie at the microscope as Sherrinford, administering a new round of TD-8 to the rats, falls bonelessly to the bedroom floor. Sherlock jumps up, tossing off his goggles and kneels by him, fascinated.
I expected powerful mages to arrive this morning, maybe even
They are near 221B when they hear a shriek close by. Their heads dart up to look for the source of the problem. Sherlock catches a glimpse of floral print speeding toward them in the dim light and a familiar scent of lemon cleanser and cinnamon as they are suddenly besieged by Mrs. Hudson, half hugging them, half whacking them about the arms with her shopping.
John hands him a few small pills. “Painkiller. Over the counter. Take these tonight.”
“Lovers?”
“Sherlock, don’t be ridiculous. I’ve had some hard nights, sure, but it’ll pass–”
The delivery guy nods vigorously, back on safer ground.
Sherlock nods.
“Oh, they’re fine,” she said breezily. “It was a staged event. One was caught on purpose, to gain intelligence from the inside.”
of me by the end,” John smirks at him in the mirror, “and I was on my back.”
Sherlock sucks in a breath, eyes averting and brow furrowing as he tries to focus. After listening to heart and chest and taking John’s temperature, Sherlock sweeps the equipment into a vinyl bag and becomes absorbed making notations in a little blue book, comparing and cross-comparing rows of data.
well, it seemed justified, if we were doing it together.”
John chuckles and takes a sip of wine, raising his eyebrows high.
“It wasn’t her plan that I should live, John.” Sherlock’s voice is a growl. “She had to make certain her investments were… secure.”
Outside the medium’s dingy tent, John huffed a weary sigh. Those days had turned into years, and though he’d learned more than he could have imagined and seen the horrors the Wall could unleash, he’d still never met a Faerie. John had been hanging around Kinsey for days, hoping to earn his trust, get a scrap of real news about the Kent Downs halfbloods. But clearly the young Private wasn’t going to spill his secrets.
, Sherlock.”
“I’ve got you,” he murmurs against John’s ear, hoping it will make its way into the fabric of John’s dream. “I won’t let go. I’ve got you, John, you’re safe. It’s alright, you’re safe…” He maintains his strong pressure on John’s limbs, holding him tight to his chest, and continues the rumbling stream of assurances. And yes. Perceptibly, John quiets.
“Drugged me.
John moans as, two hours later, they scuff along the pavement away from the club, the throng inside still pulsing to dubstep. “My feet are killing me.” He talks a little too loudly, both from one too many Manhattans as well as the auditory numbing effects of the two hours spent immersed in heavy bass. “You didn’t sit any out! God you were gorgeous. I knew you had moves, but not like
hurting. In a sudden movement, he slides in close and wraps his arms around him tightly, as he had on the ridge. John struggles against his chest and Sherlock is about to release him – he’s only making it worse – when John gasps,
His cry startles his brother out of his sleep at the workbench, face slack against a pile of notes.
Subject: Re: Re: Guess Who!
IMMEDIATELY
Sherlock winces as he flexes his arm, and feels his cheeks flush as he imagines John removing his shirt to re-dress the wound. He swallows hard, keeping his voice even. "Our fighting styles were complementary, as I suspected. And you are significantly better equipped to handle the injuries and the…
John gives his hand a solid squeeze before releasing it. “I think it’s
“Sherlock, sir, you have my most heartfelt apologies for not being present at the time of the break-in. I was a block away on patrol, ran as fast as I could when I got the all-points notice.”
“Of course I tried to protect you. The pair of you idiots could have blown up Western civilization if you didn’t have a proper
Sherlock startles at a knock at the door, realizing he, too, dozed off.
Sherlock sweeps the papers and laptop aside, straddling him, rolling their erections together and covering his chest with kisses. He stops abruptly, staring at John’s chest.
Sherlock responds with a nuzzle, pressing his lips into John’s hair. They don’t speak for a long while, just holding and being held. It is something of a miracle to have even this.
“Promise me. Let her be. All she needs from you is kindness.”
Abashed, John obediently sealed in his skull within small, imaginary bricks. Sherlock ignored him as he worked. As John cemented the last one into the crown of his head, he thought he could hear Sherlock sigh with relief, but maybe it was just the wind.
Sherlock watches, rooted to the spot as his synapses carry the information sluggishly to his brain.
“Yes!” Sherlock cut him off excitedly, the absorbed sadness abruptly cast off. “I spent an inordinate amount of my youth there, hiding from my family. Incredible flora. I once found a ring of Amethyst Deceivers encircling an ancient white pine.”
“What,
They had followed her trace as she landed at Heathrow. Customs had been no problem for her. They were looking for Rosamund Moran, not one of a hundred aliases she could have randomly chosen and expertly performed.
“You should be spending your summer reading
“Breathe, hey, look at me,” John says gently, all the fury gone from his voice. “Listen to me breathe, follow the rhythm of it. Ready now?”
“It’s simple Law of Reflection.”
John mulled it over. He was indeed shivering, and was oddly touched that Sherlock had noticed. The standard-issue Wall Guard woolens had been hot in the noonday sun, but their thin weave did little to keep out the night air. He huffed a small smile. “Fine, then. You win.”
“I need to be
lived, if what he’d read about Faerie lifespans could be trusted. The thrum of the Wall’s harmonics filled his mind.
– certainly no girl had ever made a blip on his radar – but he’d found his thoughts often strayed to Victor that summer. He’d egged on the rough-housing rather a lot, and Victor seemed unusually eager to teach him new moves he’d learned during last term’s Greco-Roman wrestling club. It was during a particularly breathless
But John knocks his fretful thoughts aside. “This is
“Oy! Sherlock, open up,” he barks, his anxious voice muffled through the door.
“Here,” Sherlock says, once his knees have been efficiently cleaned and bandaged. He pulls John’s right hand to him, appraising it. “Let me clean the cuts.”
“John, I’m sorry to have burdened you with this, but you needed to know–”
.” Sherrinford dumps his bag onto a cluttered table and gently places sleeping Morpheus close to the rat’s water drip. “No way could I solve this one without you. You’re perfect for it.” He crouches down and pulls a handful of sunflower seeds from his pocket, alternately tossing them into this mouth and sprinkling them into the enclosure. The rats scurry over to investigate.
“You have the early symptoms of
he reminded himself. The rain smelled good. It was so green, the ferns already towering over Bee’s head, the drooping elms and shaggy conifers making a little haven beneath their bows where a trickling stream fed the pond. The trill of frogs had silenced as they’d approached, but as they stood quietly, his child studying the frog as if it were the first of its kind, a few brave
“Look, Billy. We all know you’re brilliant. Not even Mikey had the periodic table memorized by the time he was four. I was dead proud when my baby brother practically blew up the garden shed with ingredients he’d nicked from the kitchen. Kid, you can
John holds his gaze. “Yes,” he says quietly, his voice rough with emotion.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped to John’s. He suddenly ducked his chin contritely, the excitement evaporating. With a shake of his head, Sherlock leaned close, speaking into his ear so John could hear him over the chaos of the crowd.
“And you can… understand them.” John huffed a laugh.
“Yes sir, I will sir,” he shouts over his shoulder as he leaps an enthusiastic
“Look, I’m really sorry–”
John quickly rolled Sherlock onto his back and supported his head. Treading hard to keep them upright, John pressed his palm to Sherlock’s chest.
last night,” Mrs. Hudson trills to Sherlock as they give John and Molly a moment in the kitchen.
John shakes with a silent sob, leaning into Sherlock’s arms, croaking, “What kind of bloody parents would
Thank you for your comments and continued interest. Waking up extra early each morning to work on this story is giving me so much joy.
Sherlock marveled at the huge, kindly face. “I do not pretend to understand it, good sir, but it is a great pleasure to meet you,” he replied hoarsely. “I’m Sherlock. I was once acquainted with a bridge troll named Omri of the Derwent River. Do you know him?”
"Why not?" This was her incredibly naive response.
"A burden I'm forced to bear," the brunette states instead, hugging John and patting Sherlock on the arm, before moving into the living room after her niece. "Have fun on your date, by the way!" John blushes once more but doesn't correct her, sliding his wallet into his pocket.
"Really? Why not Eleven or Nine or someone else? Those are the usual favorites."
"I like asking you to come over when they leave. It's nice, spending time with my aunt." And damn it all if that wasn't such a good answer. Molly nearly cried for no reason.
"So, as we were about to say, good job. We're very proud of the efforts of you and Reyna." He raised an eyebrow and let a rare, impossibly small smile slip out. "Well done, Rosie." She beamed like the sun. Legitimate praise from any Holmes was hard to come by, and Sherlock especially didn't give compliments lightly. "Let's leave Lestrade's men to patch things up here. Hopefully they won't bungle this too badly come morning." Greg, a mere ten feet away, rolled his eyes yet didn't comment.
She's not even ashamed to confess to the consumption of three plates worth of food from the buffet. She had rarely eaten at their favorite food haunts, but she could see why they ordered thai so often. The meal was
" - evidence of the attack so we can add assault on the list of crimes," Rosie interjected helpfully.
"I think that's what being in love is, Daddy," she told him, hugging her father tightly. "It's not meant to make sense. It's messy and horrid and makes you do dangerously stupid things. It's supposed to cloud your better judgement, and I think if you ever feel like you have it all figured out, if you're not aching all over or falling too fast or dropping too hard, then you're doing it wrong. Love is terrible, and wonderful, because it lets someone see the absolute worst in you and forces you to test yourself over and over again. You're meant to drown, but enjoy letting the water crash overhead."
Sherlock was absolutely frozen.
"Misinterpret his name. He's one of our few friends and has been for several years. It's almost funny."
So here is, as promised, the next installment of Elementary, My Dear Rosie. I've already had this up for a while on my fanfiction.net account, but this gave me the chance to comb through and edit out any small errors, which was helpful.
Sherlock made no move to get up to greet his brother. He ignored him, as he often did with trivialities he didn't care for and yet couldn't dispel entirely. And, though he was family, his tenancy to prod into one's personal matters was much akin to the attitudes of a persistent splinter refusing to be removed.
"As if your hands aren't curled around a mug already."
This, actually, turned out to be exactly what she would do.
She was proud of her niece, though. A little in awe of her conniving streak, but proud nonetheless.
"No, seriously, why are we married? How did we even remain civil for this long?" The consulting detective shrugged.
"You know, I think I need to send a card to your grandparents," the blonde man sighed, reacting much as if the revelation had hit him right between the eyes. "A thank you card. And a very long one, at that." The teenager cocked her head.
Frankly, the brunette had just finished an excruciatingly long shift at work, walked back home through an unexpected fit of rain, accidentally emptied her take out onto her feet when she opened the flimsy styrofoam container, and she had been called over to 221B Baker Street in a matter of 'utmost importance', according to Sherlock, immediately after changing clothes.
"Elementary."
"Sounds good."
Sure, she had friends she loved dearly. They were not friends, they were family members. She had passions, likes and dislikes, affections. But indicators of crushes she shut down in record time, kept tidily away.
messed with Mycroft unless they aspired to be dead in an hour) was hysterical and frankly unreal, and Reyna erupted into another peel of lunacy.
Of course, this wouldn't stop her from interrogating her fathers when she got home.
And then there's her Aunt Molly, and Aunt Molly is the absolute best. She's always kind, always sweet, and always taking care of her. Rosie and Molly watch telly together when her guardians are off on 'work business', journey to the supermarket to buy groceries when the fridge is running low, and take walks to the nearest playground and the park whenever Rosie wants to. Sometimes, when she's with her aunt, Rosamund wonders if this is what having a mother is like. She's never really been sad about not having her mother (
"What do you think, before I say anything?" He said this in a diplomatic way, knitting and unknitting his fingers in a fashion that almost resembled fidgeting.
"We saw," Molly replied warmly, ruffling her hair as it attempted to escape her ponytail. "Quite a game."
Now, she wasn't a stranger to proposals. She had already been proposed to once before, and seen many a friend get engaged, but this was different. Obviously, she still wasn't married for a reason. Molly had fallen to pieces emotionally after her fiance ("That bastard," Lestrade had called him, and everyone seemed to agree with that assessment) broke it off, and she had been certain it was a sign that she wasn't meant to find love. But Greg was not some random man she had started up a flame for and had a few outings with - he was an incredibly dedicated, loyal man who had staked his career with the police on the fine, if not scarce, ideals of 'doing the right thing', though it often got in the way. And, more than that, he was her friend before anything else, and had been a close friend since Rosie was little. He would never lie or trick anyone, and certainly not Molly.
"Yes, Rosie?"
"This one's yours, Sherlock," John says, the words like quicksilver slipping through the air. He sits next to him, his hair catching fire through the augmented sunbeams from the window. He is smiling as he hands him a mug - bright blue, much like John's eyes - and Sherlock Holmes smiles back for no real reason at all. "How far have you gotten?
Sherlock tries to sit up and reassess his state when he instantly winces, recoiling.
What they hadn't realized when they agreed to see Rosie compete was that they were signing up for every game, without failure or exception.
Sherlock Watson-Holmes has been Sherlock Watson-Homes for exactly one hundred eighteen days, eleven hours, and twelve minutes.
it was written entirely in Shakespearean.
"Troublesome old hag, perhaps?"
By the third, they have had a grand total of nine dates.
"Why a thank you card?"
"I don't think you understand this, but you have a side full of stitches and you've experienced a serious head trauma. No, you're not leaving the hospital for at least the next few days." The detective blinked.
The detective has always felt
"Nice weather outside, brother dear," sniffed the eldest son anyhow, not the least bit put out by the common disdain Sherlock displayed. "Perfect for a stroll, and 221B isn't so very far."
Quickly, she skimmed over the details enclosed inside. The short of it was that a new play, a recently recovered Shakespeare script (more accurately, its foul papers, or the very first draft) that had never seen the light of day, was to be released in the fall by one historian Nathan Henderson. The play, performed by a hand selected cast of Henderson, was going to be viewed for the first time in a theater in a month or two, and the ticket sales were sure to be enormous. The majority of Shakespeare enthusiasts and researchers were raving about the find, and the original document was going to be printed in mass and then later sold itself. However, it seemed that some individuals had doubts to whether or not the manuscript was authentic or not.
"No, no, it's fine. I'm being ridiculous," she sighed in agreement, giving the pooch one last pat on the head before getting up. The reluctance was evident on her face, however, and the runner reached out and squeezed her shoulder.
You all have made the incoming to AO3 a smooth one, and for that I cannot express my gratitude.
. He brushes a few strands of ebony out of his best friend's face and gives him a small squeeze on the shoulder. "How's that for an answer?"
"You know how Dad and Daddy were acting like idiots for years and years?" Rosamund tells her at the return of her fathers from date fifteen, the most recent one. Molly nodded her affirmations. "I love you, Aunt Molly, but don't be like them. You're way too clever for that."
"But I've got to say, this was just about the best night of my life, Rosamund." Reyna broke out into a smile, and then a fit of giggles soon after. Her sudden humor was contagious, and in seconds the blonde was laughing as well.
Briefly, Molly wondered why Rosie had wanted to join a sport with such inconvenient hours. Sure,
"There are toes in the freezer?" The tall man shrugged in response.
"Naturally. Someone has to put you in your place."
No . . . No, open a year, not five months or less . . . ah, the only new outfit within London under those descriptions is St Bartholomew's new sister branch, a recent commission undertook by a private benefactor. It's been open to public use for the last four months and two weeks. This means he's in southern London, near the outskirts of the city, about a thirty minute drive from his flat and his experiments and his Watsons.
(See the end of the chapter for
Only Lestrade remained in 221B Baker Street, and he appeared to be gathering his things. Ignoring the blubberings of the child in her arms, Molly readjusted her grip and held out Rosie.
"I wasn't a potential match, John. I was your flatmate, and somehow your friend, not some doxy you could hold hands with by the fireplace. It would have made everything go sour." John let out a puff of air softly, as if, for once, Sherlock was the idiot and him the overtly superior genius, surprised that the answer wasn't obvious.
"What do you mean by that, Rosamund?"
There's something magic about it, these golden afternoons. There is something special about loosing yourself in the work, letting the thrill of an unsolved mystery race up your spine, and something particularly appealing about the light catching through the drapes, illuminating everything ordinary with watercolor outlines and traces of silver. There is something incredibly entrancing about the way John makes their tea, no different than usual, but vibrant and intriguing all the same now. Tea is not just tea - it is a part of the organism, the beast known as the golden afternoon, and sharing them with John, watching the silly ring on his finger glint brightly, makes it all the more brilliant.
"Are you in love with Daddy?" Unlike with John, her ebony-haired relative didn't sputter uncontrollably and lose control of his pigmentation. Instead, the color drained from his face, a feat barely noticeable given his already fair complexion, but one accomplished all the same.
An adjustment, to be certain. However, he's found he's liked having a small child around for the last few years, as odd and inexplicable as it may be.
"I don't know what I'm saying, actually. But I would have given it my best shot, if you were going to be with me through it," he admitted, gazing down at their intertwined hands beneath the sheets. "We're a good fit." Sherlock opened his mouth, preparing to speak or to possibly elaborate, but he paused, gathering that John might have more to voice. "I daresay I might have adored you from the start." Sherlock balks again, for it really is too early, for once, to be dealing with such heavy, if not welcome, revelations.
You see, it's her third day of kindergarten, and since she had been living with one
A golden afternoon, re-secured despite intrusions.
. Something as insipid as brunch has little appeal." "Well I think it sounds nice and
would like to add?"
He wasn't flushed, was he?
"Scared of her wrath, more like, if he doesn't make it." She hummed.
Next week I'll be uploading the next chapter here and concluding the main part, by which point the two-part epilogue will kick in. I swear I will get that last bit done eventually.
“Sherlock.”
John nods slowly.
“Wait,” John says around a mouthful of almonds and carob. “
The village parson had visited the school, interrupting a tedious lecture:
As he ran, John looked frantically in the smoky gloom for the recognizable “S” curve of the yew, but it was too hard to see. His sprint jerked to a halt as his foot caught a root and he vaulted forward – and felt the unmistakable soap-bubble membrane slip over his face as he tumbled into their shelter, crashing into Sherlock’s leaf-mound. Still containing Sherlock.
Vibrationists heat and cool with their arts;
John shrugged, feeling self-conscious again. “Just being funny. Since, you know, we’re…” John didn’t want to even whisper the word ‘halfblood’ out in the open.
my magic. I’m just a healer!”
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
Sherlock glowers at him. “Shut it, Mycroft.” It rankles him that he’s not far off from the truth.
“And so, betrayed by the very brain that has brought him such power, he ceases to see the sense of it. I am assuming there must have been some underlying psychological concerns from the outset.”
“You like it?” Sherlock asks shyly against his ear.
Flopping into the seat, Sherlock winces as his ribs protest.
“You’re sure–”
Though they have the ridge to themselves by order of the North Welsh Police, they can see the gently sloping Pyg Track far below, dotted with dozens of brightly-colored walkers on their way up to Rhitta’s tomb by a much less perilous route.
“Mm, bit unreliable at the moment.”
These were names out of legends, civilizations only rumored to live on another continent, in stone cities cut into cliffs and nomadic empires drifting like ships across endless grasslands. It was said that those mages had mysterious connections to the Faerie. He stepped back respectfully to give her room.
“Wait… you mean… like a
all the Wall Guard get assimilated. No more bloody wait-list!”
Through the fog the scent of Sherlock is close again. He can tell there is something happening on his lips and a bright arrow shoots through his body, through the fog. The touch is feather light, hardly there, the bristles of their stubble barely touching and before his body can even respond, Sherlock buries his head in John’s shoulder, black curls spilling over his face.
A key crunches into the keyhole, the tiniest rasp at the edge of his hearing. 6:37, tube was delayed. Stretched out on the couch in pajamas and dressing gown, Sherlock listens for the tempo of John’s shoes on the stairs to indicate how tired the day at the clinic has made him.
“JOHN!”
“M’right here, Sherlock,” he mutters frowning, confused.
Sherlock has been so focused on the kissing and the slow journey of John’s fingertips that he’s been unaware of the rest of himself. His body has acted of its own accord. His legs grip John’s torso. His hands are tugging up his own soft t-shirt that he dressed John in not ten hours ago, when he was lost to him.
A thrill passes through him. His first contact with the mysterious organization… they’ve sought him out today of all days.
They startled as a very large throat cleared itself above them. Sherlock dropped his hand from John’s temple in surprise. The troll was larger than he’d seemed in the shadows and John’s memories.
“The same group? So it’s true, then, what they say about the Faerie being immortal?”
I can tell by the mark he left, you were in his dream.
“John,” Sherlock said quietly into the silence. “I want to…
“My grandmother taught me several of the types when I was a child. I made a great study of them.” He sighed. “When I fled my family’s estate, leaving behind all of those specimens was my greatest regret.”
Virus? Not bloody likely.
“Yes,
His heart squeezes with worry and, pocketing the phone, all stealth forgotten, he runs to their bedroom. Bedclothes rumpled, but no sign of a struggle. No John, either. He takes the stairs to the nursery two at a time and finds–
“What, really? Like what? I didn’t pack anything.”
“What happened?” he asks in a tight voice.
“You’re shivering,” Sherlock said quietly. “It won’t fail. It’s made, separate from me, now. It should last the night.”
“Well then, ta. So, go on, you’re dying to tell me.” John’s face disappears as he re-positions himself on the two pillows, sighing contentedly.
“I thought you were!”
“This is bloody difficult,” he mutters.
Ah child of countless trees, ah child of boundless bees...”
“And your scarf, it’s like a little nest. Almost like a shrine.” John scowls with the wave of emotion this brings, sniffs hard, and moves in for a long hug and longer kiss.
“You can have my pillow, John, I don’t intend to sleep tonight. I’ll be reviewing the case.”
“Is that the baby book Molly got us?”
“Dada, Lyra’s whiskers tickle!”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
this would happen?”
John’s lips were a tight line. He shook his head. “Not a word. Now,” he nodded at the tent. “I do believe you are stalling.”
But even if she’s been slightly deterred, even if Sherlock is coming to his aid, he’s half-awake, unarmed. Rosamund still has the upper hand.
Sherlock watched John’s eyes closely as he re-lived their near-drowning, the unlikely rescue with the net, and his brief meeting with the halfblood troll.
To: redbeard001@ox.edu
“Look… if–if you’ll have me, and Rosie, when she’s with me, I… I want to come back. To Baker Street.”
Sherlock sneers at her.
He thinks about looking for the hidden cameras and microphones, but worries tampering with them could be seen as a transgression. Sherrinford’s well-being hinges entirely on his behavior from this moment on.
“Your brother begs his apologies for not being here in person, Sir, but sends this along in his absence.”
“I’m sorry, John, I thought I could fly us farther,” Sherlock mumbled, his voice small from within the mound of leaves.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. John’s so close to the opening that he could reach out and touch the topmost edge. His whole body aches for it. The bumps stop and the rope shakes a bit. Likely being tied off. Dangling and shivering, he’s suddenly very aware of the open air beneath him, the long fall into the freezing water below should he bungle getting out of the harness.
“Of course,” Lestrade soothed, “I don’t need to tell
“You have more to tell me about that. Much more.”
of little Billy.”
, Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson crowed. “Were you going for a goatee?”
Sherlock blinks. “What?”
“Stop–” he gasps.
“Yes,” she said simply, taking a sip of her liqueur. “Sherlock and he have been having a nice long chat in the dreamstate. Lune tells me the important bits.”
“On behalf of our employer. We’re worried
John ruefully notes that this seems to both please and vex him.
John realizes that not even Sherlock can easily touch the bottom now. The reality of his timing with the lock makes John shudder. His teeth begin to chatter again and he’s shaking. Sherlock pulls away from him and reaches up for the rope. John immediately misses his warmth.
The creature moved away silkily. John knew he was meant to follow.
going to do?”
Sherrin looks up from the meat he’s slicing into thin strips, his shirtsleeves rolled up, curly dark hair getting in his eyes. He smiles his unexpectedly warm grin that disarms Sherlock every time.
“She did it, Dada! Can I text Papa?”
John had read every word of the pamphlet with horrified curiosity. It declared the rise of technologies designed by their newly-crowned Queen Toria, a genius with mechanics. The young Queen declared that after centuries of her predecessors’ failures, her army of Perfect Men would locate the Wall with unprecedented precision and
Long shadows pool in the corners of 221B, golden light illuminating dust motes. The final words of Sherlock’s tale hang in the air between he and John as they face one another on the sofa, sharing the tartan blanket.
As they followed Sparks’ bounding leaps, the shops and tenements turned to long rows of hulking, windowless cinderblock workshops connected with complicated piping. The air became foggy with steam. Ahead of them, the fire cat was a glowing nimbus.
Sherlock smiles, closing the door. Before he’s even reached the top of the stairs he’s looked up the school’s night class schedule and determined
Sherlock’s breath hitches. He doesn’t deny it.
“Come off it. Just tell me the bloody news.”
PS As of 7/25, the last half of this chapter has been edited. The story itself is the same, but the characterizations have been adjusted to be more consistent. <3
“Pardon?”
“Right arm. It’s not that bad, really–”
John can hear her muted complaints.
But it’s clear they’re worse for wear. John looks worn out from the strain of the day, not to mention having only woken from his drugged sleep two days prior. And Sherlock himself is as peaky as a recent gunshot victim could be expected to look after a month of convalescence.
“When I was a boy,” Sherlock says, shielding his eyes and squinting at the horizon, “they said you could see all the way to the Isle of Man on a clear day.”
The crowd swelled with screams and Sherlock abruptly pulled John in the other direction, ducking between tents, food stalls, and finally slipping behind the billowing, striped big top. People were beginning to run in a panic; vendors were craning their necks to see the fuss. John ran to keep up with Sherlock’s longer strides, their hands still tightly clasped – he could feel his new companion’s accelerated pulse, the adrenaline coursing, the buzz of magic between their skin.
rightful place. It’s
toothbrush. The cup he drank from
“You only had to ask, you needn’t have knocked me off a cliff to get my attention,” and bites John’s lower lip very softly. A bubble of laughter spills from John and he’s lost it again, Sherlock grinning and kissing him right through his laughter. “How insensitive of me,” he says between kisses and John’s giggles, “neglecting my beautiful boswell.”
John grins and nods. “Ta.”
Tallack’s copper eye clacked open and shut. “My team will finish here. I’ll personally accompany you on the next stage of the search. Queen’s orders.” His ram’s horn ear had begun to rotate smoothly in his skull, likely transmitting the interrogations back to his headquarters.
“John, having
And then the many shocks of the evening finally caught up with him. With a sigh, beneath an arch of London Bridge, John fainted into the gentle grasp of the enormous, halfblood bridge troll.
“You look like you just saw a ghost. Here, let me get you some water.” He led the pale man to a large barrel propped on logs over the muddy, sawdust-strewn ground. He drew him a paper cup of tepid water. Kinsey drank it, then several more, standing tense and mute.
“So, what’s it you need me to solve?”
“Thank you.” He tugs on the clothes while John moves all evidence to the hamper, unlocking the bedroom door as he walks past. Sherlock rolls over with a deep yawn. “Lie in a bit tomorrow. I’ll handle breakfast and Her Highness’ whims. Maybe go to the park, collect bugs.”
“Still, John, it should have been you–”
More chapters soon!
Sherlock buries his head in his hands, groaning with relief. He’s been trying to distract himself all afternoon by checking and cross-checking their data, but images of Sherrin being dragged off by armed guards kept interrupting his thoughts. He’d locked himself into a tower of his mind palace to avoid them.
of my mad science that we’re here at all.”
Sherlock looked at him sharply. “Then why ever did you?”
“Because it’s what I
“Yea. Didn’t mean to fall asleep on the floor. Just wanted to… be close to her.”
(See the end of the chapter for
regrets, Sherlock,” John says with self-loathing. “Like marrying the wrong bloody person. But. That night.” He grins sheepishly. “I was plenty pissed when the idea became a brilliant one, and several sheets further gone when I finally got my courage up enough to act on it. Still, I barely got past cooking up some horrible excuse to squeeze your thigh before that nurse walked in.” He grins, cheeks pinking, and chuckles. “I doubt I’d have stayed awake long enough to even act on anything I’d had in mind.”
Mergatroid hasn’t had recall in almost a week. Starting to think I killed the memory. No ratty’s gone that long. Maybe dinner this weekend.
“Wait–” John croaks. “
John’s brows peaked higher. “You know about that?”
“Drink. Won’t improve the taste, but you shouldn’t get sick from it.” Sherlock let John hold the flask to his lips and drank eagerly, grimacing at the muddy flavor. “Got to find you some food, but warmth first.” John began scooping up huge armfuls of dry leaves and mounding them over Sherlock’s limp, lanky frame.
“Aw, no worries, mate,” Lestrade soothes from John’s chair, “just appreciate you havin’ me by.” He smirks at Sherlock sitting across from him and whispers, “Oh, I’m sure that’s all you lot were up to.” He winks.
Also, deep gratitude to my 7yo son. He's asked that his fanfic name be 'Fennec'. He's been an incredibly helpful sounding board as I've developed this idea over the months. Fennec's offered many cool ideas, brought up inconsistencies, and loves to have the story read to him. (He thinks John and Sherlock are really funny.) It warms a mama's heart to bursting. <3
After three hours, she was seriously considering ordering food out - for the second time today - when the child she was babysitting began to cry.
In thirty five minutes - yes, Rosamund counted, it's not that weird - Reyna appeared out of the back of a cab, holding her laptop, a coat, and a bulky black duffel bag. Rosie bypassed the bag entirely, giving her friend a lopsided hug from the side and practically dragging her upstairs in a fit excitement.
The house is more alive with both parents securely back inside, and even the light that pools at the foot of her windows is brighter, somehow. It possesses a new, iridescent quality, a shimmer that had been lacking. His experiments, which she has been taking care of so fondly, are back in the hands of their proper owner. She can only hope she's diluted the acids correctly - her private sessions with her father on advanced chemistry have been falling behind due to their most recent case, and so she's mainly going off deduction and prior knowledge. But Avogadro's number and gram to molarity conversions haven't failed her yet, so anything is possible.
Except, of course, for at home. Then the inexplicable grasp of feelings ensnared him once more.
"Rosie, what the heck are you - "
"So you're saying . . . "
Not a good sign.
I had something clever to say, but I forgot it. So, with no further ado, enjoy!
"What are your parents like, Rosie?" This question came from Reyna, her very bestest friend for three years, and the dark haired child with almond eyes was smiling, awaiting a story with curiosity. Reyna was pretty, and clever, and was always on Rosamund's side, no matter what occasional schoolyard squabbles broke out, and Rosie sincerely adored the older girl for all of it. However, the inquiry still caught her off guard.
dearly want to understand the technique, lest he be trapped in the flat forever…
“Oh. Right. You didn’t get trained. Well, a person’s magic pushes away from itself. It’s like trying to press two magnets together…” John trailed off, focusing on the information he was receiving through his fingertips. “Your blood pressure and sugar are dangerously low. Your core magical energy is practically nonexistent. I’ve never seen a state of magical exhaustion this advanced. Why didn’t you land if you were feeling worn out?”
“So you know where one
“He has been the thorn in my side, Sherlock.”
The boy swallowed nervously and quickly stood at attention. “Hopkins, Sir. Junior Cadet Stan Hopkins.”
John pushed himself heavily out of the leaves and limped toward the laurel bush, then pulled aside branches to crouch next to Sherlock, sprawled limply in the leaf duff. John felt a surge of worry and deftly pressed his fingertips to the top of Sherlock’s head, assessing internal damage. The curious purple energy crackled around his hand as their skin made contact. John ignored it, closing his eyes to focus on Sherlock’s musculature, looking for trauma.
understand,” John pinches him gently on an exposed cheek. “But checkout was an hour ago - I’m sure you quite forgot. This way, we can take a slow day together. We’ll take the night train back, I already talked to Mrs. H and booked the tickets. Rosie would have been in bed when we got back either way. We’ll see her first thing in the morning.”
John raised his caterpillar-thick eyebrows at him. “All the Netters of Britain are on the lookout for us. There’s a halfblood-killer on the loose. You have pathogens flourishing in your lungs as we speak. And
“Oh – wow, that’s incredible, love.”
“Try again, sleeping beauty.”
, Sherlock.”
her from me.
“Yes.”
Sherlock scowled at him playfully, feeling John’s mirth. “An enchanted
From: redbeard001@ox.edu
A deep wuffling sound came from across the room. Sherlock tensed again, holding perfectly still.
“How – how do we get back?”
“Look, it’s not what you think. I hardly contributed anything, I just helped him think it through a bit.”
John stared sullenly at the ground.
But… he knows they’ve both been quietly fearing this for months.
“You’re
Rosamund struggles against him. John roars at her, pushing her into the floor with all his strength. With no warning, Rosamund flips John off effortlessly, his head crashing into the bedside table. He sees bright spots and grits his teeth against the pain. Scrabbling to face her, he suddenly freezes, crouched against the mattress, as he hears the distinct click of a gun.
“Sherrin – you okay?”
“Mm, almost forgot,” John hums, eyes closed. “Happy anniversary, love.” He feels Sherlock stiffen beneath him. His voice is pained.
“Oh, you’re a riot. How about
“Doc, no!” Kinsey rolled his eyes dramatically. “It’s rubbish!”
Sherlock, still leaning over him with one hand cupping his head, the other moving to his pulse, stares into his face reading micro muscle movements, pupil dilation, pulse rate, then sighs just as John exhales.
Mrs. Hudson looked at him shrewdly through the bluish smoke. “Weren’t you?”
Sherlock shoves a scone into his mouth, but finds he hardly has the saliva to chew. He ducks his head and pretends to seriously consider Sherrin’s latest draft of the formula he’d been reviewing before they’d knocked off for tea.
The Holmes estate spread out far beneath young Sherlock, a patchwork quilt of midwinter grays and browns he could have crushed between his fingertips. Wrapped in a flapping dressing gown, cheeks flushed with fever, he turned suddenly in mid-air to fly as fast as the barn swallows, away from the confines of
“I was.”
“So,” rumbled Sherlock, “that leaves the
“And not all of it nonsense, I’m afraid,” Sherlock mutters.
The rest of the house is still asleep. They pound down the stairs through the early-morning calm.
“Why?” Sherlock furrows his brow suspiciously. Mycroft rolls his eyes.
“No.” Sherlock scowls. “And if I hadn’t been such an idiot, I’d have injected her while her back was turned. Or tried to… I admit I was nervous about that course of action. A cornered, trained assassin versus an invalided detective. I hesitated, fearing what she might do to you if I failed. Not without cause. It’s most unfortunate what has become of the teams sent to intercept her.”
“Sherrin… are you going in to work today?”
Subject: Re: I’m alive
“You’re new.”
Frowning, the Inspector studied his buzzing Dome as all of the tendrils continued to point toward John. “Gregson, look at this…”
“Too great a risk. Sorry, Sherlock, but your field trip is over. You’re done enough here. The ground crew is already cleaning up.”
A flush of giddy desire swells through him, quickening his pulse. Sherlock bites his lip and squeezes John’s hand hard, muttering low, “Let’s go back to the flat. Now.”
Sparks suddenly burst through the mist, running toward them at high speed, her flame-fur puffed out like any startled cat. As John goggled at her, dashing back the way they’d come, a rhythmic clanking suddenly registered, setting his nerves alight. He gripped Sherlock’s arm hard.
“Maybe. Who knows. Sherlock says her brain is going through a huge transition at the moment, something about all her senses becoming aware of one another.” He shakes his head blearily.
“No, it was far North this morning.” She stood to give the soup a final counter-clockwise stir, then held out the ladle to him triumphantly. “It’s ready. Time to bring a bowl of it up to Sherlock. And one for yourself, it’s well past tea, you must be ravenous.”
“Ah.” His smile dims. “Right, of course.”
Sherlock goes rigid.
– taps reflexes, and notes everything in a small blue book. Then he rolls John onto his side to take the pressure off of his back and surreptitiously reaches for the IV. He hasn’t attempted it since the first day. Once John is settled, he tests the sensitivity of the bruise on his chin where he had lashed out. But signs of dehydration are becoming evident, even with the liquidy feedings. He has to risk another try.
how to snap him out of it.”
Sherlock’s breath comes raggedly as he paces. John, he is somewhat relieved to see, looks appropriately startled by this information.
Sherlock nods. Then startles with a horrible realization.
John nods curtly, immediately understanding. He retrieves the little silver camera from where it had been forgotten on the bathroom floor, perching at the foot of the bed and pulling the laptop to him, tipping it away from Sherlock’s view. With clipped and efficient movements, John pops out the memory card, taps and swipes the keyboard. He hands it back.
“Bit not good, Sherlock.”
John pads out of the bathroom first, his steps tired, but steadier. He wavers in the hall, his towel wrapped around his middle just as it had been so many afternoons when they were just flat mates and Sherlock had to repress the urge to stride over to him and tug the towel free.
I almost lost you. Rosie almost lost you. I don’t remember much of anything on the climb down. Except not letting go of you.”
But suddenly Sherlock startles, expelling a huff of breath he’s been holding.
Well done!
In 1993, during those innocent early days of the internet, young Sherlock's first email address is wssh1895 for William Sherlock Scott Holmes and the year ACD first tried to kill off the beloved character, to much outcry…and brought him back. Also in 1895, a London jury sent Oscar Wilde to prison for 2 years just for having a gay relationship. You can speculate all you want about the interconnectedness of these events. I do.
“It… surprises me. Constantly.”
Casting a quick look at Sherlock to ensure he was still sleeping peacefully, John limped woozily to the small bathroom down the hall.
“Wait…
“I’m sorry… I’m so sorry it took me so long. To tell you.”
Lestrade chokes on his swallow.
“You did this, all of this, to protect us.”
John craned around to scan the horizon behind them. He saw no airships in the sky, but they'd be coming. His nerves seethed in his belly.
“It seems difficult to believe a body could survive such a procedure, does it not?”
“I hope I’ve set up the sofa according to your needs. The bathtub is just down the hall for fresh water and disposal. If you will permit it, I will assist.”
Finally parting, cheeks flushed, Sherlock whispers, “Husbands.”
John turns slightly to Sherlock, his voice a pained whisper.
“Look, John, there would usually be more… questions round something like this, but what with you and Sherlock being so tight, well, I’m just saying. If it weren’t me on the case, if it were some wet behind the ears detective, they’d probably be digging into your amnesia with more… suspicion.”
“Well, yes, but she’s some sort of genius, isn’t she?”
“Shhhh, shh. Get your breath back before I have to resuscitate you,”
“Of a passion fruit.”
John, as ever, has no reaction, though Sherlock imagines that if he were to try anything like this with a lucid John Watson, he’d likely flinch away and reaffirm his not-gayness while magnetically pulling toward him with his eyes.
“John, as ever you see but do not observe. Look.”
“Get inside,” she said tersely. “Quickly. You’re late.”
, my fine small friends. There’ve been
“I had wondered when Magnusson would come to,” Sherlock muses, tugging John’s mug-hand to his lips to sip his tea.
Sherlock feels the color in his own cheeks and slides his hands under the table to grip John’s thighs, making him inhale sharply.
“Oh very good, would you like one?”
John thought slowly, feeling like he was circling a wild beast.
me?” Sherlock’s arms twitch. John wonders if it’s possible to feel someone blush.
“When she cries, she has your brow, perfectly.”
“John, get up here.
“Obviously.” Sherlock glanced up, squinted at the birds. “They’ll help us keep watch.”
Leaning back into the seat, the baby asleep between them, they doze off into exhausted slumber for the remainder of their journey home.
Sherlock catches John's eye, lop-sided grins blooming on their faces.
Sherlock said inside his skull, sounding bored
“Good, then look in those drawers for a load of wipes. This is going to be like cleaning treacle off a newborn rabbit.”
“You win.” John runs his hands through his hair, chuckling wearily. “We’ll sign up for the damn milk bank.”
The following night, he orders his usual. No case on. Not really hungry. But he’s
Sherlock feels time go syrupy. Sherrin’s head is lolling. The car starts to veer to the left. They’re going too fast. Sherlock lurches to the driver’s side, grabbing at the wheel to jerk it straight, but he overcompensates. He feels the carnival lurch of the car hitting the ditch, rising up in brief flight before landing with a bang so fierce the blackness immediately swallows him whole.
“The things you do for your jollies…” John says with warmth. “So, you evade my attention. You want to be getting somewhere in the same direction as the clinic, but you don’t want me to know. And you want to get there bright and early. But why Clifton Green’s market? The bag is in the kitchen bin on top.”
Suddenly leaping through space was just too… well,
to be a pattern. It’s only been a month since they began, that we’re aware of.” Mrs. Hudson got to her feet nimbly, thanks to John’s healing. “If you want to visit where the murders took place, we first need to go to the forest. You both need proper glamor training. It will be much easier there.”
“How is he?”
“Odd,” the woman said. “The reading’s not as strong as you’d expect for a Flyer.” The flickering waves in the glass dome were all now pointed accusingly toward John’s tree. John flicked his eyes up into the branches – had the idiot flown there?
Sherlock sinks into his chair. The approval is unexpectedly gratifying. But also mortifying.
“Oh. You won’t have milk for your tea in the morning. I’ll go out now–” Sherlock says guiltily, squirming to get up. John holds him down with his legs.
As Johns hands pat over him, realization dawns, and with it, a bubble of hope.
The water is nearly at his shoulders. To get the blood moving in his cold limbs, he treads as much as the chain will allow. After a few minutes, he feels certain that the water level has not perceptibly changed.
Johnny’s stomach clenched as he was dropped. A frantic look told him Orvis had pointedly stuffed his hands into his pockets, holding back his magic. Johnny squeezed his eyes shut as the branches rushed to meet him.
“What? Sherlock, I don’t understand. Just, it’s okay,
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’d manage, but a good deal less well-fed.” Her eyes sparkle as she turns to go. John can’t recall ever seeing her so happy.
Over the rim of the basket, two very large, very dark eyes scrutinized them. John gasped as he realized his mistake – not
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Sherlock, these people know what you can do now. It is only a matter of time before they find you again. Though I cannot see into the Collective as I once could, I can monitor their movements via my employer. You have my word that I will do all I can to keep you safe.” Mycroft stuffs his hands into his pockets and glares at the sodden, leafy ground. “And for god’s sake, keep your heart locked in the deepest vault. It is our greatest weakness. Never let them gain access to it again.”
it written on his face…
Sherlock took the envelope carefully, feeling a thrill at being challenged and knowing a fair portion of his eagerness was the chance to show off in front of John. He studiously ignored him, focusing on the letter.
“Alright, alright, keep yer secrets then,” William chuckled warmly. “I’ll just have to do this the old fashioned way.”
And then. Yes.
“Yes, of course, Sherlock, but–”
we’d stop her, though.”
“Rosamund, this is unexpected,” Sherlock says lightly. “I’d rather thought you and Charles to be a matched set.”
“Mm, haven’t read them all, but so far a mixture of shock, relief, I’m taking the piss, and many happy returns.”
He was only halfway through his cone of popcorn when the canvas flap was roughly pulled aside and Kinsey stumbled out, ashen-faced. John binned his cone and strode over, concern furrowing his brow.
She waved his blustering words away. “For now, it’s my help you’re needing, not the other way ‘round. Please, forgive me, boys, this is not how I typically welcome guests to my haven, but it’s been a
“She said your name, didn’t she? Her first word.
She bites her lip, frowning.
.” She wrung her hands. John saw tears in her eyes. “John, there
John reached over to snap the envelope from his hands, scrutinizing it. “It’s completely blank! How by the Wall could you tell?”
John clicks it expertly even in the blinding red wash of pain, then forces himself to master it, pushes the air in and out and releases his grip on the sheet, wait no, nope, he’s gripping Sherlock’s shirt, shakily moves the hand to safer territory on the bed.
Odd. Some case he’d been working on while he was unconscious, perhaps.
she whispers to him.
“Us upstairs? Not possible.”
John smirks, “The Blessing in Disguise.”
John threads his arm through Sherlock’s, glancing up with a gleam in his eye.
down the sidewalk.
And then Mary... no...
“My employer! The Magpie Collective! Jesus Billy, we have to act fast. How long have I been out of it?” He suddenly growls with frustration and begins to pace. “God
. At last.
“So... so sorry…only way I knew… Didn’t think she’d shoot me... sorry...”
Sherlock has pulled a plastic chair close to John’s hospital bed. Leaning in, he steeples his fingers at his lips. It’s calm in his room. The security detail at the door makes him feel safer, but only marginally. John’s unconscious face is relaxed, pale, a sheen of sweat on his brow as his fever rises and falls.
“I… I admit I am very particular when it comes to her care.”
As William stepped through, Sherlock felt a coolness brush over his skin. He turned to his companion and found him round-eyed and marveling in the pale, pre-dawn light. The strong scent of the Thames blew over them and John’s ridiculous mustache twitched.
“No, John,” Sherlock hums, close to him. “You fell forward, you couldn’t have cut your back, and not in this regular manner.”
and be turned into a monster.
As John begins to read off the order, Sherlock interrupts, clicking the laptop closed resolutely. “No need, John, I’m sure it’s fine.”
John’s face goes through several complicated expressions.
“Bit of a mess at the moment.”
, says the practical voice in his head, which sounds like Sherlock but uses his own medical knowledge.
Back when SC reached 1,000 hits, I celebrated by asking for a writing prompt on tumblr. ShirleyCarlton kindly gave me "cold rainy spring day. And frogs."
Sherlock feels a cold shiver, his eyes snapping back to his brother with fury.
Sherlock stared soberly at him, his fingers tingling against John’s skin. He nodded.
I am no longer a free agent. I have someone to preserve myself for, as far into crotchety old age as I can manage. I am not as spry as I once was. My injury will never let me fully regain my previous stamina. I find more and more that to maintain a clear mind, I need to feed my transport, to
“That’s... all of it. All I can remember.”
that?” Not-John whispered.
“At least,” she smiled, but it quickly faded into a stormy frown. She stood and began to pace in front of the windows. “Now. We must discuss serious matters. What a kerfuffle you two have caused! Your
is excellent for motivation.”
He’d been around Domes countless times without ever attracting attention. It must be sensing Sherlock – had the man followed him?
The door is still locked from the last time Mary had turned the key, heading into her day of crib research before picking him up at Sherlock’s to go to their obstetrician appointment. God, it sounds so normal, while just under the surface the whole act was anything but.
“No. I was thinking of it before that. But I admit her insistence that we
Sherlock loves that his brother is part mad scientist, part Indiana Jones, somehow always getting tangled up in schemes that land him deep in crypts uncovering Celtic treasure hordes just by the chemical makeup of the soil above, or proving the guilt of smugglers with the salt collected from the hull of their boat. He’s practically a pirate, and despite Sherlock’s worldy 15 years, he has always had a soft spot for pirates.
Sherlock’s stare slid away from John’s face. With a sharp exhale through his nostrils, he nodded curtly.
Netter capture.”
moments flooding his inner sight. His eyes well up again, but suddenly he blinks, hard.
bad only having a single skill. It can be nice, working with a mage team.”
Lestrade sighed, a small smile on his lips. He hadn’t had a premonition in months and had sorely missed the magic.
“Bit rude, you know.” John shook his head with amused exasperation. “And not remotely necessary.
Sherlock frowned.
“That soup is truly a remarkable remedy,” Sherlock said loud enough for John to hear. “You should learn what you can from her, in case I drop us from the sky again.”
I swear to god Sherrin if you didn’t work in a top secret location I’d hitchhike there RIGHT NOW.
“You’re right. We should go.”
What are they doing?”
John pushed down his nerves and munched a handful of the hot popcorn. He only had to stay long enough to get Kinsey a pint, then he could go to the archives.
Ah, some light reading for your summer holiday. Mum put you up to this?”
“No. It’s mine. But she agreed with me, when I brought it up last Thursday. She gave me the name of a friend in Sussex, who works with trauma. You could talk to her, while we’re on our… holiday.”
Sherlock looks so stricken that some part of John thinks hell, what did they do to end up here? Find out later, doesn’t worry him much, not right now when the fog is so soft and the Very Important Thing is right there glimmering at him in the fog. He’s so, so tired but it’s ok because Sherlock will be there when he wakes up.
“…came out of that forest fire like
“Sherrin–” Sherlock gasps, aghast. “Did you just
“Likely the shock’s blocking it, seen it before.”
“It was at one of their old estates in Pembrokshire. Nothing arcane. Some Welsh dragons on the walls. A lot of bloody paperwork. Nearly half of the League attended remotely. I never met them all – some are incredibly reclusive.”
She presses a slip of paper into his palm and folds his fingers over it, holding them like iron for emphasis, looking all the world from a distance like a flirtatious, overdressed teenager giving him her number.
He’d almost gotten the sense of it when he nodded off.
Tobi glanced quickly at the General’s left foot. “Um. Sir, why Tonbridge?”
His patient slept on, blissfully unaware of the entire procedure. His pale cheeks looked slightly pinker and his breath came in smooth, healthy swells.
“No.”
Baffled, John continues to read aloud:
“What – the kitchen door?”
Tulips: Love and Passion (Red - Declaration of love, White - I am worthy of you, Variegated -	Beautiful eyes)
There are so many kisses woven into this first tangle of lips
Sherlock hurriedly tucked the shirt into his still-serviceable trousers, shrugging into a corduroy waistcoat. “I was no different to my captor than the chained elephants,” he muttered, his fingers instinctively brushing his bare neck.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. “It sounds silly. Temporary.”
“Hush,” Sherlock said with quiet force. John’s ramble fell silent. “I. I would like that. If we didn’t go near my family’s estate.”
If anyone is going to catch Rosamund off guard, if anyone has any chance of keeping the baby alive, Sherlock alive, it’s him. Only him.
John gently tugged away, cheeks flushed, and nodded toward the glade.
he calls back
“You were angry. I gave you a terrible shock. You felt I had...  abandoned you.”
“Because,” John gives him a sly little smile and crosses his arms, cocking his head in that way that makes Sherlock’s stomach grip. “I would have made a much better wrestling partner.”
John groans against Sherlock’s collarbone.
Ruffled, John sighs and stares into the flowers. After a few minutes, he becomes preoccupied by the movement of an insect.
.” He grins wearily at her while she crowds him on the bed, wrapping him up in a long, tight hug. “It’s a wonder! How are you feeling, dear?”
“Alright, that’s enough,” John blustered, pulling away from the man’s touch, rubbing at the tingling sensation where the medium’s fingertips had made contact with his scalp. “How can you
The man stares at him wide-eyed, his mouth slightly open.
Would we really do so much worse than any other?”
“Haven’t said, but it’s nothing urgent else they’d have asked us to come.”
At John’s kiss, the steamer trunk in Sherlock’s mind palace bursts open.
This has truly been a phoenix experience for me, waking my long-dormant writing. I'm overjoyed to say... it's here to stay. I love it so much. Hours melt away. I'm not afraid any more, because no matter how hard it can get, I've had this incredible experience of diligently writing for you, never sitting still, working through the hard bits and realizing so many things about the process because I HAD to get the next installment out for you!!
John considers him, his eyes half-lidded, smile soft. He suddenly shrugs with his whole upper body
John limps hesitantly over the threshold. Sherlock is perched in an armchair typing into his laptop.
"She wasn't alone, John. She had a partner with her." Reyna coughed and awkwardly waved, reminding the men that she was still there.
Rosie might suspect, though. She smiles at them, more of a smirk, really, when she thinks they can't see her. Greg finds it amusing.
"I didn't assume, I hoped. Contrived as the notion may be, if a higher power existed, it would have already deemed fit to eject you from the premises." Mycroft turned to John.
beam, because he is happy, the one he only pulls out once in a while.
"Consulting detective, actually. An easy mistake, really, but he can be very particular about it." The thought of Sherlock Holmes, deerstalker and all, made the blonde smile.
"I wanted to." And that was that.
Apparently not, as now they were tying the knot, and right before Rosie turned eighteen, no less. Certainly took them long enough.
"Sorry, but I don't have any cash on me," Molly said, sidestepping the table. It was a shame, though. Hot chocolate would be more than welcome at the moment.
Perhaps Rosamund had done her job a little too efficiently, at the pitch. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes always did something insanely couple-y without trying to that it was a miracle her plot hadn't been unveiled already.
"Do what, exactly?" Reyna interrupted, speaking up for the first time. She took great care to appear completely calm, though Rosie knew the sight of a loaded gun aimed in her direction was probably throwing her off guard. "Hold us hostage until the release? You have nowhere to hold us in this flat, and it's not as if the police can't track our phones. Kidnapping doesn't look too good on a permanent record." Henderson, with a sly smile, drew up to his full height.
"Night, John."
"You never actually told me you loved me. It would have saved an awful lot of time."
"It's not exactly a secret that I like men and women, John, males in particular, even if I rarely feel attracted to anyone specific. It's intriguing personalities that I look for. So yes, I know how gay crushes work. I don't live under a rock."
The posh Holmes sighed, got up, and adjusted his suit jacket, tugging the sleeves back into position, though they had been impeccable as always.
And Sherlock Holmes (Watson-Holmes, really) was satisfied.
"Ah. I still think Ten is great, though."
"Rosamund in a rage is a sight to behold, even if it's the last thing you'll ever see," he said, a sentiment which would have almost been fond if it wasn't accompanied by a shudder.
"That's a lot to - "
"I do. Wasn't that abundantly evident?" His nose crinkled up, as if the very notion of the contrary was perplexing, and Molly wondered for the first time if Holmes wasn't nervous.
"Yes, Ro."
Mycroft had never truly struck him as dangerous before, despite his influence. He was Mycroft, meddlesome but harmless where Sherlock was involved.
authentic foul papers that would be worth a fortune, given nobody actually has a surviving copy of real ones until you claimed to. They're with the papers, I presume?"
"There are twenty other students in my class. Eleven are girls. The teacher is nice, about fifty I think, with light blonde hair and blue eyes. She's happy, and she has a ring on her finger. That means she's probably married." Rosie stared back at Sherlock sheepishly. "Am I doing okay?"
"I'm more than glad to come and spend the night with my favorite niece and the Doctor, John," she said, patting him on the shoulder and stepping inside. She thrust off her jacket and perched it on a coat rack, which had been Rosamund's present to her guardians on father's day. The fourteen year old had proclaimed that, in exact words, 'just because you two investigate crime scenes doesn't mean our landing has to look like one'. Lestrade had laughed about it for
Most of the wine, Molly pretended not to notice, was gifted from Mycroft. He actually did care about the two men, though his methods of expressing this were clearly lacking. Wine was what he could do, a token of good will without a big gesture.
"Now?"
Thanks for surviving the end note with me. See you (hopefully) in the next part!
"Mycroft, I didn't know you were coming," John said, putting down the newspaper he had picked up and shooting a glance at his significant other. "Was I supposed to know anything, or . . . "
"We can, but I don't drink that much anyhow, and she only left one cup for a reason."
Today, four months after her own marriage, two of her closest and dearest friends were finally getting hitched. Even more so than her own special day, it seemed surreal. Hadn't it only been yesterday that they had met, that John and Sherlock had became a team in 221B?
. Indeed, this was what she aspired to be, and she took a great pride in her achievement of that grand title.
"The words 'red herring'? Why yes, I believe I am." But, just to be sure, she reread the exert:
"I hate you. Feel free to leave."
No, in such close quarters her trusty revolver would do her little good, after all. She had to resort to something else.
," she chided, repeating the basic request with fervor.
Molly wonders, sometimes, why exactly she could never seem to shake her stubborn crush on Sherlock Holmes.
That's good, right?
In the meantime, it is large and bulky and inordinate, as well as unnecessary. He had grown used to 'Holmes' - it had an acceptable atmosphere of mystery while still being solid, relatively brief and to the point, and easy for most people, the imbeciles they may be, to spell. However, he did not need to be called 'Watson-Holmes' in order to officiate his marriage. Everyone they interact with already knows that he belongs to John, anyways, so there was little use in adapting his given name.
both Greek and Latin, alone, because she figured it would be 'interesting'.
, mind you - made him want to take a nap.
After realizing that she wasn't dreaming, Molly said yes without so much as a second thought.
"Did you see the last play? That was awesome!" Rosamund exclaimed, not caring about the way her uniform was slathered in dirt.
"Oh, I'm completely freaking out," the dark haired teenager said, eyes wide. Rosie winced.
Of course, then there was today, and nobody Molly frankly couldn't forget about the events of today if she tried.
"I'm rather partial to Capaldi, myself," she hummed, immersing herself in the telly program. "He's my favorite version, I believe."
"Neither do unconscious people. Look, just get comfortable already and fall asleep, I'll wake you up later."
at her wit's end was about to do.
"Do you have any idea how
Lastly, there was John and Sherlock's wedding, in which Molly and Lestrade were the best women and men, respectively.
" - when a news story conveyed the tale of a boy who lead dogs away from a trail using salted herrings as bait, yeah - "
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to witness the union of Sherlock Holmes and John Watson," rambled the officiator, stopping often to push up his spectacles. Sherlock, wearing the same outfit as he did every day - a three piece suit, sans tie because he despised being choked - clearly wasn't paying attention to the man speaking. He was looking at John, observing thoughtfully as though to make sure he was still certain about this. He wanted to know John wasn't having doubts.
could get off work in time, but Sherlock and John had cases that stretched long into the night, and frankly all of Rosamund's big games took place smack in the middle of the week, which was a virtual rush hour in 221B. They would almost always have to rush in, last minute, what with traffic and cases and the trek to the field.
"There's no such thing as too clever, you always say."
"And they're absolutely right. I'd be terrified, too." She returned to the document with a yawn. "Although we have been here for nearly five hours. I'm missing so many good programs on the telly for you."
"You're just now realizing this, Mycroft? Have the years made you duller as well as larger?"
Rosamund had never been more excited.
"We're . . . we're like the closest of friends, but better," John tried, attempting to explain their dynamic. "I don't . . . there's no real way to put it into sentences, Rosie. He's just the person I trust more than anybody else, the person I always want at my side. I haven't thought about having feelings for anyone that way since your mother left us. I've been too focused on work and you and making sure Sherlock doesn't run himself into the ground."
"What's wrong?" the officer asked, laying a hand on her shoulder.
"Oh, Rosamund's
He sighed, rolling his eyes, and John nodded and got up. His intrusive brother raised an eyebrow.
John, as in all things, strained at the confines of these new rules. He invaded house and meals and work and even, eventually, the detective's bed, bringing a child along with him. It was Watson's fault, though, in the end. The doctor was just
"Holmes, what are you doing?"
"Am I? Because
She certainly wasn't laughing now, though.
Sometimes Lestrade would accompany - Mrs. Hudson, too, once or twice, but mainly Lestrade. Molly still hasn't decided where to place him in the grand scheme of things. She adores him - he's a wonderful companion, kind, and genuine, and that's far more than what she could say for most of the other men she's encountered - but has no idea what to make of his presence. She loves being around him, and hanging out with him and Rosie while Watson and Holmes were away was great, but she can never quite decipher her feelings on the matter.
. It's improbable to the highest degree, and likely to be a hallucination, no matter how much he hopes it is true.
"Excuse me?"
"You don't seriously mean to insinuate that I
"John," he starts, wincing at the harshness of the words. Odd - the scratchy quality of his vocal chords projected implies that they haven't been utilized in at least a day or so. They are tinny, rumbling in a way that most people suffer through in the mornings. However, he is not most people, and he is almost always talking, keeping his baritone in practice unintentionally.
Pasta a la candlelight, apparently. Molly should have known.
"I'm sorry, but did you just kiss me?" the doctor asked, running a hand through his hair.
"I'm hungry," Rosie proclaims loudly, finally wiggling free of her father's grip and running towards the kitchen. "Daddy, can you make mac and cheese?"
She loves him, of course, and everybody knows it. But in recent years, as she's spent more time with him, she realized she needed to love him as a friend. He would never make her happy, never be the doting partner she always fantasized about, or at least, not to her. His heart wasn't ever really into anything, except for his work, his experiments, and his family. Sherlock Holmes simply didn't have space left in his emotional repertoire for romanticisms and pointless sentimental affairs, but there was always a window into the realm of friendship, and Molly had grabbed for it with swift, strong, decisive hands.
when she is going to jump a criminal."
"Dad, I want to help out on your next job. Like a real field agent. I know I can help. I know I could be useful." He stared at her, most likely scouring his mind palace and contemplating all possible outcomes of that proposal, before puckering his lips.
"I see," the small blonde said simply, looking back at her puzzle - the english countryside, today - and snapping another piece into place. She wasn't quite sure if she did or not, but she wanted him to feel better. Daddy always had a way of making other people feel better, so if she could do it, do this one small thing for him, then maybe it was as if she was returning the favor. For a long stretch of time he grew quiet, silently assembling the jigsaw with her, before he turned up his chin again.
Sherlock nearly brained a duck with a particularly stale cracker, though. John tried not to die of laughter. The animal in question appeared haughty, its beady eyes fixed on the consulting detectives in a manner resembling a glare of disdain.
"Um, strawberry, if you're serious," the doctor answered, and his partner gave him a look bordering on the incredulous. "Honestly, Sherlock, if you two insist on feuding every time you see eachother and if I have to put up with dismembered heads beneath the cabinets and moldy fingers in the fridge I will at least poach free muffins from your brother." He frowned but didn't object. "Mycroft, since you clearly aren't going to leave yet, would you like some tea? I can make another cup."
"Yeah?"
," Reyna deadpanned, crossing her arms. "Aren't we supposed to be looking for something before a certain man stirs and comes out to investigate?" Rosamund frowned slightly.
On that note, I really love this idea, even though it's completely random and I got it during a shower. AUs in which Rosamund is present are a lot harder to find than you would expect. Anyways, sorry if this turns out awful - it wasn't planned out at all and nobody edits my work but me, so please forgive any minor problems.
"You can say something, Sherlock. I think I've made my position in all this quite clear." Watson almost appears nervous again, in a way he hasn't been since the very start of their reconfiguration. The words, after that, roll out effortlessly.
"You were completely wrong, John," he muttered after a second, blinking.
"No." Rosie's words were forceful and fierce, not something you would expect from someone who wasn't even two.
terrible."
"Oh, for the love of . . . " Molly groaned, nearly sinking against the table.
So Rosamund texted her instantly.
"Why did you say you hate school? I know for a fact that you've been excited about the prospect," he began, folding his slender hands over his knees and straightening his back. To any outsider, it would look like Sherlock Holmes was prepping himself for a case.
She's rubbish at feelings. Always has been. She has a nasty way of investing her heart into things and people that betray her, that are unreachable, that let her down - sometimes all three. The brunette, for all her kindness, has learned to lock up her emotions and tuck them in a drawer, right next to romantic notions. When Rosamund was born, she knew she wanted to be someone the girl could count on, and Molly didn't want a string of heartbreak to get in the way of that. She couldn't take care of people while crushed and in pieces again.
However had the world survived?
Brilliant, then.
But surely she can't keep him confined to such an oddly shaped role forever. She has to find a more permanent place for Lestrade, somewhere, and in the past few months it has messed with her mind, not being able to pinpoint a spot that someone so dear to her should be occupying.
"You're Sherlock bloody Holmes, don't you know everything?"
"You know, do you love him like Reyna's dad loves her mom. Like Daddy's yours." Sherlock, for a brief, remarkable moment, appeared to be stumped. "Well?"
In a completely unanticipated move - surprising, as Sherlock takes great care never to give into bodily impulses - he runs a tongue tip over Watson's teeth, finding the surface warm and smooth and somehow mesmerizing. As he leans in further, he finds himself moaning - an actual, full-bodied, rather embarrassing moan, and this is when he finally notices that John hasn't pushed him away for kissing him out of impulse, for enjoying the kiss fully because he figures it'll be the first and last chance he'll get to do so. Instead, John had closed his eyes and let it happen, leaning further over the side of the ridiculous hospital issue bed.
"I never said I was."
"Bored already?" He shot a lidded glance in Sherlock's direction.
More than accepted this, he expected it to happen again. He was resigned to the antics of Sherlock, naturally, after being in constant contact with the difficult man for over twenty years. So, when Rosamund was pulled along to the next case, and the next one, he simply stopped casting inquisitive glances in his partner's direction. Instead, he merely made comments on school and rugby and dinner while investigating the scene and the astounding number of bodies. Seriously, with the amount of murders her parents got called in to solve, it was amazing that the morgues weren't overrun with dead people.
It's the last thing he can make out - a worn, utterly familiar voice coming from his partner - before he willingly surrenders to the clutches of sleep.
John typed that text out almost instantly.
"I'd rather drown, I think."
In a way, she did raise children, through Rosamund. Her niece, for all the empty title meant, was a big part of her entire world. She
"Let's hope not. We skipped the teenage rebellion phase, so bypassing 'jaded towards life' in its entirety shouldn't be too much to ask for."
"Because she wants to observe us in our natural element, so to speak. Don't most people do research on their future careers before applying?"
"Interesting."
"You're wrong." John's frown spelled out his confusion. "I cared too much to go back. We'd both be complete messes if I had reappeared, out of nowhere, only to leave again. And trust me, John, I wouldn't have been able to leave again." He crinkled his nose, though the consulting detective could perceive the way his companion took every word to heart.
that, you're going to give me a heart attack some day!"
"Honestly, I came right from the station and these clothes are going in the wash later anyways. I'll hug you," Greg shrugged, and with a crooked smirk Rosie complied, squeezing him as hard as possible.
"Fun," he replies simply, with no further explanation. A smile quirks at the edges of his lips. "Perhaps a minuscule observation or two." Molly slapped him on the chest, regardless.
"Perfectly well, as you just observed, no doubt. I was, too, before your impromptu visit," he said, letting boredom and barbs seep into his voice. As always, these qualities were noted by Mycroft but then disregarded.
"Da da da da da," crooned the toddler, and the question answered itself.
Right. The rugby team was hosting a sleepover tonight at the captain's house.
for miles, glowing and wreathed in magic. Frankly, the view was one of the best parts of this gig, other than the satisfaction and empowerment that came from sending the guilty to jail and unraveling crimes. This was an addictive lifestyle, and one that she had dragged her friend into thoughtlessly.
So, their daughter is following them, as she has in all other areas of life. It is less surprising than he would care to admit, given the nature of her future career choice. She and Reyna, since their first traipse into 'The Foul Fouls', as John has nicknamed it, had been surprisingly effective in their personal investigations. And, what with uni right around the metaphorical corner and the prospect of professional partnership on the table, he has no doubt that the two will begin hunting for suitable flats. You cannot live with your parents forever, even at 221B.
Uncle Lestrade is sometimes around the flat, too, and he always goes up to her and gets on his knees and asks her how she's doing when he comes. He works with her fathers, she's been told, and he's big and strong and protective. Like a grizzly bear, she imagines, with a big hairy bear heart. Sherlock let loose one of his rare laughs when she revealed that thought, and John did the same. Odd, but she liked her uncle. He seemed to be the type of person with a lot of responsibilities, but also the type of person who didn't mind shouldering them if it meant that his loved ones had a little less to bare. A good man.
, their relationship made more than platonic, is going so bloody
" . . . What?"
How would Rosie manage to inconspicuously shove her fathers together via matches now, Molly had wondered.
It had been multiple decades, exactly twenty six months of dating, and another five for wedding planning, but in her time knowing Greg, she was finally married.
Molly didn't mind rugby, but she didn't know a lick about it. She tried - really, she did - and though John and Rosamund and even
. You hate Anderson with every fiber of your being."
It's simply impossible to be hard and distant when you live with the Watsons, he has deduced, because they are the most compassionate and stunningly brave people you will ever hope to meet. As his best friend, John had clearly proven his use over and over and over again - he was
. The eleven year old
The bottom line is, Rosamund loves learning. She's been looking forward to school, unlike the many bedwetters of her age. She had been ecstatic to go to the academy this morning.
"A soap opera you really shouldn't be invested in but can't stop watching."
shoving their noses in. And she was Rosie Watson, a girl much akin to a bloodhound when it came to sniffing out her fathers' relationship status, or lack thereof in the years previous. Nevertheless, this was the world they lived in, and nothing Molly could say or do would change them. It's simply in their nature.
to truly be accepted. Even typical friendships were far and few between.
After one hour of watching Rosamund assemble and re-assemble a puzzle, she was starting to yawn again.
"You managed the first time around." John shook his head instantly.
"Just a heads up."
Rosamund didn't consider herself an expert on the human condition. How could she be, at only thirteen? And although she adored that age - not too young to be treated like a child, not too old to be underestimated, which was often a great asset, and a prime number, made for mathematical appreciation - it didn't come with the perks a long, lucrative life did, such as wisdom. Humanities alluded her, though general cleverness couldn't. While this may be true, however, she was a fair sight more observant than the majority of the population thanks to her upbringing, and that came with sensibilities that would have otherwise flown over her head.
"Quite."
"I mean, we can wait until tomorrow, Ro," her comrade said, glaring at the entrance. "We have time. It's almost midnight, anyways. We should just . . . what are you doing?" Rosamund had leaned down, resting her weight on her knees, and inspecting the doorknob with scrutiny. She produced her beloved lock pick set - a Christmas gift from Sherlock and John last year - and began inserting the thin strips into the keyhole, twisting them around in her hands.
She couldn't subject herself to that again.
"Can we have a - "
"Do you think you can tough it out? Just until you get home each afternoon? I'd rather not explain to your father that I'm pulling you out of the academy due to boredom."
John Watson, somehow, had evolved beyond being just John Watson. He was his partner, and more than that, his home, as stupid and unresolved as that notion seemed. And Rosamund, of course, was lumped right alongside her father, reserved a seat of honor.
for me!" The dark haired man shrugged.
on this stupid cot, you know that?"
"You sound surprised. Perhaps all the sugar you consume on a daily basis is finally giving you a stroke."
"Thanks, really," she responded. And she meant it.
"Low blow," the genius remarked, stirring his drink absentmindedly. He wasn't upset at all.
She could scarcely forget about a week ago either, when Greg made dinner for the three of them.
She's to be a prodigy, his daughter. Rosie simply must learn at a young age to expand her mind before she becomes ordinary, or worse - bored.
Still, Sherlock Holmes as a petulant five year old?
"I'm your brother, Sherlock."
She hadn't been part of a huge family, growing up. Her father had died in her teenage years and she didn't have any aunts or uncles. Her maternal grandmother and mother were her only relatives, and even then, her gran had been in a bad way for years. She passed off a little less than a decade ago, and now it was just Molly and her mum, alone together.
"We were on a case and we had the subject cornered. Lestrade's crew was on his way, only a block from the bloke's flat. However, he pulled a gun on me from across the room, safety off. He was a botanist, and you grabbed a handful of dirt and were prepared to throw it in the guy's eyes and disarm him, but as we distracted him, Lestrade arrived and Anderson kicked down the door. He accidentally pulled the trigger in surprise and you . . ." Watson swallowed, directing his gaze towards the ceiling. "You shoved me out of the way, you stupid man. He grazed your side fairly badly and you hit your head on the corner of a desk. I didn't . . ." He swallowed again. "At first, I thought you were dead, Holmes. You've been in a coma-like state for the last several hours and I've been scared out of my bloody mind that you might not wake up." Initially, Sherlock puzzled over what a normal human response to this scenario would be. Surely there must be
there. He belonged in that silly overstuffed thing, right aside of Sherlock.
The great Sherlock Holmes froze at this, which Rosamund would have seen had she been giving him a lick of attention. Instead, she turned her sights towards the stairs, running up to her room where she could do her homework and read her newest book,
"And once he's better, you're going to start dating like civilized people instead of batting around the issue like the terrified children you are."
For those sticking around for part two, I hope you enjoy it!
It starts to make sense, though, once she thinks about it.
It's strange, but sweet, this other side to the three of them. They were made to be a group.
"Your father would have mixed feelings about this, you know. Rosamund, our work can get dangerous - John Watson hates when you get paper cuts or when I stub a toe. He wouldn't want you to get yourself into anything that could potentially get violent while you're still in school."
John got the clever idea to text his daughter.
Then the idea struck.
How dreadful. Much like a terrible exchange at the supermarket - something good for something foul in nature.
found Mycroft 'a tremendous meddling pain' (Sherlock's words, not Molly's), Mr. and Mrs. Watson, who were getting to know the parents of their new son in law, then Mike, followed by Billy, Ms. Hudson, and finally Molly and Greg, who was facing a very happy looking John.
in your house, huh? Not so smart. Why didn't you arrange a separate location?"
"That was . . ." the blonde begins, running a palm through his locks with wide eyes. He doesn't quite know how to finish, though, so instead he blushes a bright scarlet at the memory that took place only moments ago. "That, I mean . . ." Sherlock winces, anticipating the worst.
"Which one of us are you talking to now?" John questioned, almost amused.
If it was possible, Sherlock's frown deepened.
John Watson (Watson-Holmes, now, but who cared?) grabbed his husband's hand, groaning, "I can't believe you did that."
. This is basic fact. However, John makes everything better, and this is also an indisputable fact. Perhaps the motivators cancel out one another?). It's as if the doctor's smiles, his thoughts are seeping through his skin.
"God, Ro, it's just like you to get distracted over a dog of all things after
I tried.
"Honey, please calm down," the sweet brunette pleaded, attempting to right the situation through her exhaustion. Sadly, Rosie only bawled louder, feeding off the attention, it seemed, and Mrs. Hudson strutted over to the pair with a sympathetic look. "Are you hungry? Your diaper isn't full."
A day in St Bartholomew, wondering if her Dad was going to wake up, was what prompted a make out? Seriously? Not the constant cramped quarters or the cuddling, but a serious head injury brought on by a murderous botanist going on a killing spree?
"I never hated you. I hated that you never let me know that you were alive, that you were alright. I had ripped myself to pieces over you and it was like you didn't care enough to . . ." He couldn't finish it. There was nothing else to say that Sherlock didn't already puzzle out for himself.
"I think you started something, Rosie," Reyna chuckled softly, leaning closer to the younger girl. "For what it's worth, I think your family is great."
"Not much better, but my condolences for trying and flopping. But, again, this is far off track. You're avoiding actual conversing." Sherlock snorted.
"I almost want to tell Dad you said that," Rosie interrupted, cutting into the conversation once more. "The thought of sending a card to Grandma and Grandpa Holmes,
At first, it was shaping up to be a disappointingly drama-less afternoon. Though everyone was packed like sardines, as per usual, Sherlock and John had yet to bicker like teenagers again, which was, sadly, half the reason Molly came to these matches. Sure, she loved Rosie, but this? This was the entertainment aspect of the night that she lived for.
"Maybe me kissing you for the next week doesn't have much appeal." The blonde narrowed his eyes.
Actual food.
"Quite, John." Just like that, there was comfortable silence again, blanketing and almost drowsy in its languid atmosphere. It almost -
"Do you prefer blueberry or strawberry?"
"Partners, of course," she whispered back, and Reyna smiled, slowly and languidly, as they drove onwards.
"Okay, well we'll just grab a cab and - "
"Apparently not, John. How inconvenient, I know. It would make solving cases significantly easier, I must say."
Molly assumed they'd be more than fine.
"You really think you don't deserve this, don't you?" he mused, looking his partner directly in the eyes. "God, Sherlock, you said I had them, but did you ever think that maybe I need you too? That maybe I can't do this without you anymore, and neither can they?"
For once, he doesn't feel the need to fight it.
"Cain and Able were brothers and there was no love lost between them when favorites were played. Tell me, should I get a knife to demonstrate? We could produce a lovely reenactment." Of course, his meddling sibling only latched on to the unimportant details of that assessment.
not been so infuriatingly wonderful.
"That too, but more to the point - " Rosamund paused, taking a moment to jump off the bed once more and grab a suitably dramatic coat with several pockets. " - it means we have a faulty historian to
It's more than okay, though, in her book.
, Rosie had picked up some things at her ripe age of five. Like, for instance, all the usual preliminaries - the alphabet, her name, basic numbers, colors, etc. But Sherlock had also, when John was not around, started teaching her about other things, such as the art of deduction and the importance of rudimentary mathematics and the distinct smells of chemicals in the lab.
"It's your favorite, if memory serves."
"Before you arrived I took the liberty of searching the internet for information on Henderson. Well, on social media he has a picture of his dog in his house, lying on a pristine wooden floor with light streaming in." She pulled up the photo once more for reference. "Since he has a dog in the first place, that eliminates everywhere in London that doesn't allow pets. He's a bachelor, with little family from what I could find, and so a flat for one was the logical option. As already noted, the dog is on a wooden floor, but the breed - a malamute in a city, of all places - is notorious for shedding, as are most big dogs. However, the wood around the animal is absolutely spotless. More than spotless, it still has the varnish on, so it's brand new. Not many new flats come standard with such expensive wooden flooring, especially not those that also allow pets, and since Henderson was already an established historian with a hefty income, he lives in a posh development. Now we must consider the proximity to his work and only one area is available. That still leaves about twenty units on the same strip. However, the light streaming into the room was tinted, reflecting shades of blue and purple onto the floor, meaning he had a stained glass window. And, according to the street view available on my cell, only one flat matched that description." She relaxed once more, dropping her voice of authority and replacing it with an easy smile. "It's simple, once you think about things objectively."
"Quite."
"What?"
," he repeats again, this time around with more force and direction in an effort to clear his passages. The doctor stirs, opening bleary eyes.
"Well, I'll be back in just a minute, then," John remarked, getting up. Mycroft shook his head.
There was silence on the other end as if Rosamund was considering her options.
"Crowded? Loud? Filled with children who don't like you? I didn't exactly enjoy rigorous boarding schools for the social aspect, either."
and naturally, she shouldn't expect anything less than exceptional from Rosamund at this point, even in her ambitious career choices. She was raised in a household that torches eyeballs with a bunsen burner and has a copy of the periodic table that's she's had completely memorized since age nine. Hell, Molly once walked in on Rosie sitting in the upstairs room, which was John's old quarters and now her bedroom, with a copy of the Iliad.
Rosamund Watson, at her ripe age of eight, had never given much thought to her living situation. She simply was where she was, in 221B Baker Street. The young girl considered herself fairly fortunate, fairly clever, and fairly friendly, given her circumstances.
Now, she's been free of her lingering feelings for one crime fighting detective for years, since way before Rosie's third birthday. It was when Sherlock had calmly sat her down, apologized profusely for forcing her to admit her sentiments over the phone, and explained that he had never meant to be cruel. He thought it was the only way to save her from Euros' twisted games, and for this, Molly was grateful. She understood.
that?") filled with fake Shakespeare manuscripts was totally normal. When the authorities arrived with Greg Lestrade at the helm and two consulting detectives in tow, they saw two teenage girls sitting on Nathan Henderson's sofa. Rosamund was absentmindedly stroking Bailey, who was surprisingly unalarmed by the odd series of events, and together they were engaging in a game of chess, Henderson's body curled up in bondage in the middle of the room.
All the brunette could feel was
"It's like seeing a terrible chick flick in which the main characters are totally oblivious to the fact that they're being set up," the officer explained to the brunette, and she nodded in agreement.
Sherlock tried to help as well, of course, but comforting was never his strong suit. He had no idea what to do with a crying person.
? I know you didn't learn it when I was around. I think I would have noticed." The blonde smiles, a clever, crooked thing that soon becomes blinding in the thin, sterile hallway.
"Yes, Daddy?" He swallowed, though not uncomfortably. More in an authoritative stance.
"Bloody hell, Ro, slow down a bit," the brunette grumbled halfheartedly, shrugging her away with little force. "I'm here, aren't I?"
"Want da," she whined, pounding her tiny fists toward her caretakers. "Da!"
"You're seeing it too, right?"
"221B carries sound remarkably well, wouldn't you agree?" comes the cold, analytical, yet somehow amused rumbling of another voice, and she nearly falls backwards when she realizes he's
"Checkmate, Rey."
Rugby was certainly not the same as learning a new language, but as far as the unexpected, it was far up the list.
