Cap just raised an eyebrow in challenge. "Try me."
"Ma used to cook a turkey. Or sometimes a small chicken, if that's all she could afford." He swallowed the heavy lump of emotion that clogged his throat at his next thought. "Buck's parents invited me over to their place after she died." He frowned and murmured, "Guess I'll never be received there ever again."
Steve sucked in a breath then nodded. "You're right," he agreed. "I probably wouldn't be able to handle it as well as you. In fact, I know I wouldn't."
"Could you two really not do that?" Rhodey asked from somewhere in the distance, and Tony blinked and pulled away from Steve to look at him.
"Ripping out the female reproductive organs that somehow got left behind when I got changed back into a man because some space cadet thought it would be funny to Rule 63 someone on the team and she didn't care who."
"Old habits die hard. I get it," Tony cut in easily. "There's a part of you that still sees yourself as Barnes's poor, pathetic pal that can't get a date to save his life. And your pal Barnes was notorious—"
And yet, he was pretty sure Steve was on everything he owned as a co-owner now. He wondered if Steve was aware of that.
He looked to Tony, who was now standing in front of Jim and demanding to be handed his daughter, Jim arguing back that Tony got to see her every damned day and Tony not buying that in the least. Thor was on Tony's side, explaining to Jim that Olivia was his daughter and it was only a natural part of the mother-daughter bond that Tony would be so possessive over her. The 'mother' part of Thor's explanation made Jim shake his head in disbelief and Bucky grimace as he no doubt recalled watching Olivia come into the world while Natasha said something sly about how Pepper was probably allowed to hold the baby as much as she wanted — being the one deemed adequate enough to be chosen guardian in the event of Steve and Tony's early demises.
Steve sighed a little at the tiny onesie Tony had dressed Olivia in.
"I don't know. I honestly couldn't tell you." He sat back and tried to fold his arms again and grumbled as he remembered he had to position his arms differently if he didn't want to…squash himself. "How do you deal with this?" he muttered, and she shrugged.
you're trying to help, I
Steve reached up and hugged gentle arms around him, and Tony pulled him closer so that Steve could nestle his head against him, in that awkward place on the side of his ribcage between his breast and his belly.
"I do."
But Tony reached out and patted Steve's hand. "It's OK, babe. You're a pathetic sap. We knew the secret would come out someday."
that bad back in those lost years? And you! Tell me, was I that bad? When we first started going out, was I that bad? Was I making derogatory remarks and questionable innuendo?"
him, she thought he was the
"True? No. Is it what they'll say? Count on it."
Steve snorted out a bitter laugh. "Yeah? Don't bet your life on it."
Barton whistled low, and Tony winced and said, "Uh, yeah, that's the sort of talk I really want to hear coming from my fiancé—"
Tony nodded his head in approval. "Thank you. You look so good I can't wait to see that suit on my bedroom floor."
"Now."
She leaned closer, folding her arms on her desk. "Let me get this straight. Tony Stark hasn't been seen in months. Few days ago, Captain America shows up on a date with a mysterious brunette. Now, today, Captain America and this mysterious brunette—" she narrowed her eyes at Tony as though inspecting him, "—yeah, you look like the same woman—"
She folded her arms and set a pointed look on him. "Are you sure?"
" he said, turning his attention back to Barnes.
Steve shivered a little bit. "Never been so scared in my…" He shook his head. "The point is, I'm not letting some butcher hack you open only to find that they don't know the first thing about what they're doing—"
"Oh. Enjoy your
just fuck me.”
"Whatever," Tony said and sat back, pocketing his wallet again. "Water under the bridge."
"What,
, ever say that again—"
Steve was shaking with laughter, his face pressed into Tony's shoulder, arms tight around him and dick, which he still hadn't pulled out, twitching inside of him. He squeezed him again and lifted his head to press a hard, sloppy kiss to Tony's cheek and said, "Goddamn it, I love you so much."
"Yeah, clearly this is an alternate universe," he said pointedly and turned back to the kid. "I fly the suit remotely?"
"Exactly. It doesn't match what you look like now."
They had a baby.
"Hey, is it cold in here?"
"What are you talking about?" Steve asked.
"No," Steve countered, setting down the green shaker to pick up the red one. "Just asking a question."
"You will be needed to nurse the infant until such time as he can be sustained on something other than mother's milk."
"It probably was," Natasha said with a shrug. "As much as it was for all of us."
"What? She is. That's a good trait to have especially with the lunatics running the asylum known as 'The Avengers.' Plus, it would make Wilson happy, though, depending on how you view their pissing match, it would also add another layer of torment to that weird thing he and Barnes have going on between them, and honestly, would not put it past those four to have some Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice thing going on between them. Which, actually, could be kind of hot or uncomfortable depending on how they go about it."
Steve froze a moment as though caught in the headlamps before he let out a hefty sigh and said, "Yeah," nodding to firm up his case.
Tony rolled his eyes and didn't even dignify such a stupid comment with a valid response.
Steve shrugged. "I dunno. I hope she did."
He'd known since the downfall of SHIELD that Hydra had had his parents killed. Well, they were after Howard, and his mother had been an innocent victim, but still. He'd known that Hydra had killed his parents, and that… That had been good enough for him. Not that he was happy about it — far from it — but at least he knew that it wasn't an 'accident' as it was made out to be. Hydra had purposely murdered his parents, though for exactly what purpose he wasn't sure he'd ever know.
"…certain things happen," he said, glancing away. OK, he may have already admitted to the guy that he was knocked up, but no way in hell was he going to tell him that he had to carry this thing to term under pain of death.
"Really? I borrowed it off Thor."
Natasha muttered something under her breath, and it sounded like it was in Russian, which Tony couldn't make out. He'd ask JARVIS to run it again later.
But he shut off his comm and pulled his helmet off and turned his full attention to Tony, who had sat himself up in the interim and was staring down at himself in a mixture of awe and shock.
There was a line to get in that stretched down the block, but Hill led them over to the bouncer, met his gaze, then nodded her head toward the other three behind her. He took a quick glance over the other three, nodded, then unhooked the rope to allow them entrance. They filed through, one after the other, Tony grimacing as he did his best to strut in his borrowed stilettos, the booming sound now reverberating off the walls around them.
As Barnes choked back a laugh, a flush crept over Steve's cheeks and seemed to spread all the way to the tips of his ears. "
"Tony Stark?" the same journo said. "
"It's a little hokey, babe. But that's OK. I can live with it."
As Tony went about compiling the ingredients for French toast, Steve watched him a moment then said, "If you want, I could make it for a change."
"She came home early."
Still, the idea was to play this off as casual — as normal and natural and something they weren't even thinking twice about. Getting Tony out in public as he was — as he would forever be now — not hiding it, not acting like they were ashamed of it, making small talk and such with what the public knew to be Tony Stark's comrades and compatriots — his friends, his
Steve just kissed his nose again then nodded his head up the stairs. “Go. We can pick this up later. I can’t stand hearing her cry like that.”
He found her sprawled on the couch with the TV remote in her hand, and with what he knew was the elevator fast approaching, he scooped her up over her protests and ran over to the fire staircase. He pushed through the door and into the stairwell just as he heard the elevator ding its arrival, and he let out a breath of relief and carried Olivia down two flights of stairs then stopped on the landing and waited, her protests chirping in his ear. He let her whine for a few, long minutes then said, "I know, kid, but, uh— Hey! Want to, ah, head down to my floor for a little while?"
"How should I know? Ma doesn't even know! She just knows they've always been there."
"Handle?"  Tony asked. "Handle what?"
after all.
in New York, leaders of a group that called themselves 'the Avengers.'
"Ever thought you'd be saying anything like that?" Tony mused to him. Bruce just gave a half- hearted smile and continued his thought.
going to be a target. Even if we'd just adopted the kid, it would always be a target. Because it's Captain America and Iron Man's kid, and every tin-pot dictator this side of the collapse of SHIELD would want to get their hands on it for any number of reasons. Because those asshats would rightly know that we would be the type of people to do anything to get our kid back."
"Enough," Bruce said, watching rather stringently as the tube filled with blood. Once it was filled, he pulled it off and grabbed the next tube. He snapped it on, and Tony watched as that one began to fill as well. After a few quiet moments, Bruce said in a low and somewhat unsure voice, "So, you want a boy, huh?"
Pepper just looked between Hill and Natasha and said, "Always a ray of sunshine, isn't he?"
"Steve Edwards," Other Tony replied without missing a beat. "He was a teacher. Montclair High School. That's where my mom and her sister grew up. I don't know how he got the photos. Like I said, I wasn't there."
"Captain America drinks from the carton?" Bruce said, an amused smile on his face as he looked between Steve and Tony.
"Honey, as you can see, kids love tearing things to shit."
"And, you have to admit, we really,
Thoughts of possession dancing in his head, he found himself painfully hard again, and as Tony panted before him, he dug hard, possessive fingers into Tony's hips and held him tight as he thrust into him, unrelenting and desperate in his need to...to...mark Tony. Make Tony his. Permanently.
"I guess she's not," Bruce said, holding a towel in his hand like the proverbial hat-in-hand, "but did you ever wonder— I mean, outside of me yelling at you, did you ever think for a moment if this was—"
was not here, then
He stood in the foyer, a hot chocolate in hand (Tony had said the size was something called 'Venti') and watched as Tony set his own cup of joe (also a 'Venti') on the table beside the stairs then went about unbundling Olivia from her overcoat. He set her on the floor that was covered in what looked like an expensive Persian rug and spun her out of her coat. As soon as she was free, and with that strange little plush toy in hand, she scrambled away from Tony and into the living room, chirping happily as she did so.
"I dragged that idiot to Queens the night before I shipped out," he muttered, stabbing at the potatoes frying up in the pan.
"Sudden heat wave?"
Bruce continued to say something after that, but Tony didn't pay attention to him. He focused all his attention on the mewling newborn resting on his chest, and he stroked gentle fingers down her back and said, "So, you're the one that space nut says I need more than anything."
"No, pretty sure I know he—"
"I mean, I'm still co-leader. I'm still second-in-command. I just don't — or
"Yeah? Let's see how much you like that. Someone poking you day and night."
He made to go back to the car again, but Steve hesitated a moment then said from behind him, "Tony, I can't. He's— He's my
She frowned and stuck her bottom lip out as she bounced in her chair a little bit. "Pwease, Papa? Pwease can I stay there still? I'll be good. I won't beat up any bad guys. I promise."
"God forbid," Steve muttered and went back to the book. "You know, back in my day, a fella and a da—"
"It's amazing how much information is out there nowadays. Back in my day, you had to find this stuff out on the street, and even then, I mean,
"You know," Wilson said, "you could just use one for the first name and one for the middle name." He winced in a little bit of unease and surprise as Tony and Steve turned to glare at him. "Or not."
"About?"
Tony heard a chorus of responses, which…would have been a cause for concern on anything other than a Starkphone, but as it was, their communications were encrypted enough to cause a big enough headache for anyone trying to tap into them that they'd soon give up. Tony listened to the chatter on the comms a moment before he said, "Steve, where are you?"
side of it?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "I don't even— He got
Tony 'hmphed' again and said, "Well, maybe they can get some sort of foursome thing going on."
He folded his arms tight across his chest and shrugged. "I don't know. Just…never thought it was in the cards for me, that's all. I mean, I
She shrugged but didn't seem particularly proud of herself. "I did what I had to in order to get what I needed. And for the record, I'm talking about both."
The woman opened her eyes — dark brown and framed by inky, black lashes — and, for some reason he couldn't explain, Steve just knew this was Tony... A very feminine-looking Tony with— Look, he was a red-blood, bisexual American male very in love with a man named Tony Stark that had seemingly just been turned into a woman. Would anyone blame him for maybe, well, stealing a look over Tony's suddenly womanly body and zeroing in his attention on what he suddenly realized were a pair of breasts filling out the under armor? Nice breasts, too.
"Have you seen me?" he asked and motioned over himself. "Clearly, no matter what, I am very easy on the eyes."
, but I don't want that to be the only thing we talk about." He snorted a laugh. "Jesus, talk about..."
His hold tight on Stark’s wrists, he forced him forward, Stark bending at the waist as Steve pressed him down onto the table. Stark hit with a grunt, turning his face so his cheek rested against the tabletop, and Steve, leaning over Stark and using his weight to pin him down, grabbed a towel hanging on the other edge of the table and twisted it a few times to use as a binding agent and then stood back up, holding Stark’s wrists together and tying them with the towel.
about that when it came to the others.
"He can't be," Bruce said. "His body won't be able to handle it. He has heart problems, a slightly reduced lung capacity, liver damage from years of alcohol abuse not to mention residual effects from palladium poisoning—"
The damned thing finally loaded after he'd gotten his shirt and pants on, and he opened the browser and went to CNN like Sam had suggested. He scrolled down the page and grumbled a little when nothing jumped out at him.
"Well?" he said, his tone light and innocent. "It is." When Tony still didn't budge, he sighed, and he squeezed Tony's hands and said, "All right. Fine. When we get back, I'll give you a full-body massage, and maybe we can see if there's someplace around here to get ice cream. How's that sound?"
He pressed a kiss to Tony's jaw, and that's when Tony felt Steve's other hand down at his clit, and he moaned a moment as he felt Steve's fingers work the hardened, engorged nub that had been so unfairly ignored for so long. And then Steve was thrusting into him, and he couldn't help the desperate, wanton, needy sounds that keened high in his throat even as he sucked at Steve's fingers.
old yet.
"So, you still find me attractive."
But not this dream. In this dream, he was as he currently found himself, a woman, pregnant, and terrifyingly vulnerable. He lay on a table, his arms bound, his legs bent and spread wide in a set of stirrups, his belly heavy, and some probe stuck inside of him where it had no business being. He was in a lab of some kind. He didn't recognize it, but it was large, gleaming with steel and glass and harsh fluorescent lighting. He had only ever seen pictures of Strucker — never saw the man in person before in his life — but he'd wager that's who the German-accented man with the monocle was supposed to be. He and a handful of assorted others were standing around, talking to each other, looking at a monitor, all nodding their various approvals at one another. And then Strucker turned to him and flashed a toothy-yet-menacing smile and said, "
Bruce groaned and rolled his eyes. "I don't know, Tony," he said and directed some more medical personnel to a room down the hall. "Put on some music. Take a bath. Take a nap. Think of some new insults for Barton. Just
for her if we were more responsible about this whole thing — if we gave her to a good home and buried the record and covered our tracks. She should never, ever be in any danger — especially not because of who we are. She shouldn't have to pay for our sins. She should—"
"Hey!" Steve called and ran over to him. "The
for anyone other than you, so, that must mean something, right? And, well, maybe there is something to it? Look, cards on the table, the first time I met you, I felt like I'd known you my whole life — and I don't just mean what dear, old Dad had talked about. Howard's 'Steve Rogers' and the real 'Steve Rogers' have some overlap, but Howard's version missed a lot of the things that make the real 'Steve Rogers' so—"
"Yeah, sure, why don't you just invite the whole team?" Wilson muttered and sat back hard against the chair.
The elevator came to a stop and 'dinged' to announce its arrival, and the doors slid open to reveal a more bustling corridor than they'd left behind. Tony slipped a pair of wire-rimmed, rose-tinted sunglasses over his eyes and schooled his face into something neutral as he followed Pepper and her fucking six-inch heels off the elevator and over to a small dressing area adjacent to the room where the press conference was being held. He recognized Pepper's PA, who came over with a notebook in her hand and gave Pepper a rundown of what had gone on while she'd been upstairs, and Rhodey nudged Tony's arm and nodded over to another corner of the room, further away from the doors that led into what could very well be Tony's doom.
And the only Christmas movie he could think of where Bing Crosby did anything that remotely resembled tap dancing was Holiday Inn, and that was with Fred Astaire not with...whoever the other person was. The name kind of sounded familiar, but he couldn't place a face to the name.
"Didn't seem important at the time," he said with a shrug just as Barton and Romanoff made their way into the lab, both looking bored and in need of something to entertain them.
"Oh, don't listen to him!" Steve said, petting —
Good god, he was only having a baby. People did it every day. Steve was needed more elsewhere.
in the penthouse. Seriously, you act like you live up here, and now, all of a sudden, you can't get out of here fast enough?"
"Don't start. Just tell me."
Steve shrugged, but he was having a hard time hiding the cocky smirk on his face. "I mean, you like it, right?" he said without really answering Tony's question.
"Oh, god," Tony said and sat up some. "Fuck, it's a tumor. It's a tumor, isn't it?"
"You still don't have to shout it out at the top of your lungs."
Steve didn't even have time to look. Instinct took over, and with an almost comical series of thumps, he dove beneath the security desk and pulled his knees up to his chin, curling himself into a ball as he tried to make himself as small and inconspicuous and unseen as possible.
know what's going on. He knows what's going on, he's going to want to stay, and he's going to drive you crazy."
"Yeah, he is," Barnes said and went to take a seat in an adjacent chair, but Wilson, evidently sensing that, got there first. Barnes turned back and looked at him then said, "Yeah, don't think that's going to stop me," and then sat down on Wilson's lap like it was nothing.
" Happy called from the next table over.
"I'm sorry about your daughter, though. Seems like… Seems like you two kind of hit it off. That was her chirping in the background — when I was on the phone with you, I mean — wasn't it?"
But the Cap just continued.
"Yeah, but that's different," Steve said and took his hand again to lead him back to the cabin.
"I thought so."
“How?” Stark asked, smug, sarcastic, a little too cocksure for his own good, lips twisted in that smarmy way he sometimes had about him. “What are you going to do?
to somehow make this
Tony rolled his eyes and grumbled, "You have a kid, and suddenly you're 'cute' instead of 'sexy.'"
feeling, it's not like an instinct, it's just something I know beyond a shadow of a doubt to be true. We don't know how she came here, but by that same token, we don't know that she's not supposed to stay here. She knows me. She knows all of us. I can't just turn her out on the street or stick her in the system. But I can take care of her—" He put his hand up to stop Bruce's complaint. "Yeah, OK, I know I can't even really be trusted with a potted plant, but if alternate universe future me can figure it out, I think I can figure it out."
"Stark-Rogers as well, and very deserving of both."
I did. I'm sorry, Tony. I thought… I thought I was doing the right thing for you. For both of us."
Tony turned to Steve, who turned to him, and Steve smiled at him and leaned down a little to nose at Tony's face, brushing the tip of his nose against the fine hairs of Tony's van dyke. He hummed a little and said, "Nice to have you back."
"Painting a room upstairs," Steve said and motioned in the general direction of the room. "Tony wants to use it for an office—"
The sun had set behind him, and the city was lit up like a jewel by the time he saw its glorious view as he barreled down the road that led to the Lincoln Tunnel, his own tower shining like a Christmas tree in the center of the island — welcome, comforting—
to breast feed?"
"Doesn't mean I don't mean it. I do. You're just… You're incredible."
"Oh, god." She pulled her hand away. "Oh, god, Tony! You're— You're telling the truth."
Tony, he's from
Tony thought about that for a moment. "'Neat' as in old-man for 'cool' or 'neat' as in 'tidy'?"
"I'm not
pregnant."
"And it would probably go in one ear and out the other."
"Tony, it wasn't—"
He groaned and pressed the heel of his palm into his eye, stretching out beneath the covers as he willed himself to wake up. Contrary to popular belief, he wasn't that much of a morning person. More than Tony, maybe, but it wasn't that he enjoyed getting up so early. That was just the easiest time of day to get his run in. He thought that belief about him probably developed in the few months after he'd woken up — that horrible time in his life when he'd been miserable and unable to sleep and had, secretly, wished for some way to end it all.
"I'm serious," Tony murmured. "Christmas makes a fucking sap out of you."
. But whatever. It's fine. I can deal with it. It's only for tonight, right?"
Olivia gasped and squealed out an ecstatic "
"We just need to get your height and weight down," she said and motioned for him to step onto the scale.
Tony hopped off the chair and moved over to him, pressing against him, the difference in their heights noticeable again now that he'd taken his shoes off because, again, fuck heels.
Steve held his resolute gaze at that, their eyes doing a dance for just a moment before Steve set his jaw a little and said, “I guess we’ll have to change that.”
"Stay out of anything remotely resembling danger and listen to everything I say," he said.
In short, Sir Steven was too good and too popular to dispose of. Even if the Council
She grimaced a little like she'd fucked something up, but Tony still shook her hand anyway and said, "Yeah, I get that a lot," before he turned to the other man also named 'Tony,' as it turned out, and not really 'JediEngineer770.'
But he shook his head some more and said, "It's really not. It's just— It's something I've been thinking about for a while." He turned to look at Tony. "I just think you should
He scoffed and dropped the napkin. "Yeah, but it's hard to make a living off of that. There's a reason they're called 'starving artists.'"
"I really think we're all at risk for developing diabetes," Bruce replied and dug through for an onion bagel.
"You don't believe them?"
"But you're forcing an unwanted pregnancy on him—" Bruce shot Tony a look. "Her?"
"Nobody says that anymore, man," Barton said and shoveled another spoonful of cereal into his mouth, but Rhodey, who'd stayed quiet the last few moments, got up from his chair and stood in front of the couple.
"What?
"Friends! You have arrived! I was sent out to make sure our Man of Iron did not, as the Captain put it, 'get cold feet.'" He glanced down to Tony's feet and frowned at the delicate lace-fabric pumps he saw there. "I fear your footwear does not protect you against the elements as well as they could."
But Tony shook his head, tamping down that odd, prickling feeling of jealousy that had reared its ugly head at the idea that he wasn't Steve's first. It wasn't fair to Steve, either. Steve was far from his first, so why should it bother him that Steve had had another
Bruce sighed a little and shook his head. "
Bruce frowned at him. "Then…what is the problem?"
that he saw before him with the tender and adorable sweetheart of his dream. Not to mention the fact that he was absolutely convinced this Tony Stark should not be entrusted with the care of a potted plant let alone a child while
"Oh, Brucie," he said with a shake of his head. "Looks like you could have used the patented Natasha Romanoff makeover." He motioned over himself. "This is what happens when you let Nat dress you."
"I'm still amazed that you— I'm so proud of you, Tony. I really am."
walking anyway. "Sorry, kiddo. Can't sit this one out. I mean I should, I but I really, really can't."
"Can't.  Gotta work."
He slipped on a pair of briefs followed by a black pair of comfortable stretchy pants, and it was as he was digging for one of his favorite band shirts that he found it—
"It's discount Iron Man," Tony countered.
"What?"
all this information is nowadays." He turned back to Tony and added, "Back in my day a fella wouldn't be welcome at this kind of appointment."
But Barnes wasn't finished, and he considered Tony a little more before he said, "Thirty-five?"
Tony took a breath. In. Out.
"Yeah, but we can't even find Loki's glow stick or Strucker, so for all we know, there's some gaps in that database."
"So, did you see it?"
Tony didn't wake up until sometime after ten the next morning, the sun already up and burning brightly in the sky and Steve's side of the bed rumpled but cold, indicating he'd long since gone for his run and hadn't returned.
"Yeah, I'm good, too," Barnes added.
Tony shrugged. He was still feeling a little woozy from the changeover, and he wasn't sure he was thinking quite straight.
How in the hell had that guy never ended up in an iron lung?
"Secretly? It'll tickle the shit out of him. Don't expect him to admit it out loud, though. He's too… Doesn't like waste. Grew up poor as fuck. Secretly, he loves this sort of shit, but he can't justify the expense."
But Steve just shook his head. "No," he said and picked his head up to look at Tony. "He's right. I—"
"Where do they come up with this shit?" he muttered and scrolled down the article a little further, stopping when he came to a 'quote' from Avengers team member, Clint Barton.
"Wait, what?" Tony asked. "There's furniture in there?"
"Turned-off?"
"OK," Steve said with a chuckle and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. "I get it. I owe you big time for this." And then because Steve Rogers was a shit, added, "...
Steve cracked his eyes open and squinted up at Tony, and he tilted his head just so and frowned a little. "Tony?"
He took another bite of his bagel, and Steve reached out and snagged a hold of his free hand and gave it a squeeze. Tony squeezed right back just as JARVIS intoned that Thor had arrived on the penthouse floor. He groaned around the half-chewed bite of bagel, and he whined and rolled his eyes and said, "
"I'll knock him into next Tuesday if he does that."
Barton looked at Natasha. "Would it be tacky to sell tickets to this?"
Natasha just nipped at the skin on the top of his breast, pulling a slight yelp out of him, and she hummed a little and moved her lips to the middle of his breastbone and said, "I just want people to know who you belong to." She sat back upright and put her arms over Tony's shoulders and clasped her hands behind his neck and added, "I don't like people trying to take my stuff away from me."
"Hill's going to be very upset you're not counting her after all the shit she does for us."
Thor frowned harder. "I do not believe your fellow Midgardian brethren would willingly submit themselves to—"
him — but a selfish part of him tittered at the belief that Steve
he was, and he at least had a name for the odd, short man with the messy, dark hair. Whatever this place was, it was almost as though someone had brought his deepest, darkest fantasies to life. This was the home of a wealthy man, or at the very least someone that did not worry about where his next meal was coming from. Steve had always wondered what it would like to live like that. There was little need to dress in layers or pile on blankets. He hadn't felt so much as a cool breeze since waking up.
He sat back in his chair, plate untouched. "They can't all be winners. And you never answered me, Spruce Bruce. What's the point of your annoying little exercise?"
"Yeah," he said but didn't elaborate. "Merry Christmas," he added and, one last image of 'Tony's' dark eyes and feathery black lashes flashing in his mind's eye, pushed every speck of memory from that dream from his mind. No sense dwelling over a fiction that would never happen, no matter how strangely painful it was to let go of.
"What—? Jesus, I swear they put these things in especially for me. That's how I'm going to die. I'm going to get a heel caught in one of those things and fall over and snap my neck."
"Yeah, Stark. From the war.
"It's not stupid, Steve. What is it?"
"This Cap sounds like a pretty swell fella. Not so sure about this 'Steve Rogers.'"
"Can you name any?"
"All right, well, how old's your mom?" Tony asked because, well, why the hell not?
But he was, to some degree, a selfish man. He couldn't have Tony the way he wanted him, so he would take him any way he got him: meetings, sparring sessions, equipment test-runs, uniform fittings. Sometimes, as of late, he would just sit down in the workshop or in the lab and sketch as Tony or Tony and Bruce worked their science magic (and Tony had taken umbrage when Steve had called it that, cursing the very existence of the word 'magic'). More often than not, he would sketch the scene playing out in front of him, Tony always as the focal point. Even those times that he worked with Bruce, Tony was the focal point and Bruce barely more than a blurry background image.
Tony frowned at her. "They got pictures?" He turned to Steve. "They got pictures of me?"
He heard what sounded like Tony running up the stairs, and he scooped the little girl up into his arms and carefully padded over to the doorway. She had a clump of crushed ribbons in her hand, and she laid them on top of his head as he leaned out into the foyer and listened for any noise that could help discern what Tony might be doing. He heard footsteps and rustling and drawers opening, and he pushed a curl of ribbon out of his eyes as Tony began the descent back to the first floor. He stepped back into the living room and had just dropped the little girl onto the couch when Tony came up behind him and tossed something at his back.
"—but it's never too early, really."
It didn't — not that afternoon anyway — but that didn't meant he stopped
"You ask him one more question about that, I'll divorce you."
"Hey, look, we get it. You made your choice. You'd rather go with the people that are never here and she's completely unfamiliar with rather than, you know, the people that have been here since she was born—"
He nestled his head on the pillow and closed his eyes, comforting himself with the warmth of Tony's body and the feel of his chest rising and falling with each breath, but he couldn't seem to shake the images from the dream — of Tony's tombstone (and he could just feel in the dream that it was his Tony's) and the flowers and the woman whose face he couldn't make out. She was coming to collect him. That much he knew. To pull him away from Tony's final resting place.
New York—
didn't want to think about them because that would imply he was nothing more than a cosmic plaything with no control over his own
Tony stopped and turned back around. "Not entirely. Your child is upstairs taking a nap."
They got down to the nitty-gritty after that, the nurse or whatever she was bombarding them with information — god, so much information. In fact, Tony was 99.99% certain he now knew more about the birthing process than he'd ever wanted to know.
. And I had JARVIS run a DNA scan, which seemed to come up positive. Plus, even I can't deny the fact that she does look a little like me. She knows me and Bruce and evidently you." He motioned at the bot charging in the corner. "She even knows that dunce over there."
"And I thought they were horny and gross when Stark was still a dude," Barton muttered, and Wilson hummed his agreement. Barnes could only be bothered to say a confused, "Sex tips from
, but that— I said, I have a few dollars to my name. I can…treat my fella to a night out, I guess. I said, I know it's not much, and I know you've been to fancier places and done fancier things—"
"Is it?"
"Oh, no, sorry, that was totally my fault," the woman said, helping to right Tony again. She smiled at him, a cold sort with very little genuine emotion behind it, and her hands were firm on his arms as she held him. Tony thought the motion odd but didn't say anything, just smiled back at her, noting her dark wire frames and the way her blond hair was pulled tight into a bun at the back of her head.
He nodded, and Wilson said, "Look, Tony," and he turned his attention to him.
And then he had go figure out how to explain it to the Cap because
in on this 'princess' thing, too?"
what you're telling me, Steve? 'Cause if it is, I got news for you, babe—"
Tony snorted out another laugh. "Steve's a very…frank kind of guy. Doesn't like to sugarcoat. Tells you exactly what he thinks about something."
"Well, that was fast," Natasha said as she looked down at her tablet.
daughter. Trust me. Does she look like me? Yes, but she's
Barnes eyed it warily a moment before he seemingly determined it wasn't going to harm him in any way and sat down hard, like he was trying to prove a point that he thought this was stupid and he was only doing it for Steve's sake because Steve was never going to shut up about it otherwise.
—" He nodded at the now-sleeping baby in his arms. "I've never— First time in my life since Ma died, I have a real family of my own, and I just— If anything happened to either one of you—"
To be...perfectly honest...he actually...well... There was a part of him that had wondered if he could even have children. Not just because of the serum. No, this was something that had needled him from the back of his mind — a thought to taunt him every time he so much as even considered a future where some dame (back when that had really been his only choice) had taken enough pity on him to settle down with him and raise a family with him. Always that little thought would crop up, taunting him, making him wonder if he even possessed that most base of biological functions. Oh, he definitely had that part of it — he could, well, get it up.
"Yeah, that," Barnes said then continued, "But I knew when he found 'the one' for him, he'd… make an exception. You're that exception." And then he paused a moment before he added, "He spoils you."
That seemed to give Tony pause, and he stared at Steve a moment before he said, "As I recall, she tried to get her morning feeding off of you once, too."
"Maybe she didn't mean for me to get knocked up?"
upstate. Yeah, several hours on the back of a hog. Just the way Tony would have wanted to start his weekend.
"You're kidding, right?"
"You are
"Agreed," Steve said quickly and fervently, tightening his arms around Tony just the slightest. Tony wasn't even sure if Steve realized he had done it, and he was reminded — for just a brief moment — of a slightly panicked voice calling out, "
Tony glanced down Steve's body and noticed how the front of his uniform pants was soaked with something dark.
"You don't know how to tell time, do you?"
"Come on," Natasha said and put a gentle hand to his arm to lead him. "We can cross now."
forge a team from this list of names — he'd had tougher challenges — but he'd have felt a lot better about the whole thing if he could have at least
Tony rubbed his hand over his belly again. "Steve, honey, I think you're being a little unreasonable about all this—"
Yeah, he'd see about that.
"Can't you just say 'pregnant'?"
Bruce nodded his understanding and said, "Uh, maybe we should let Tony alone a little while and let him relax and get some sleep. It's been a long twenty-four-hours for all of us, but probably more so for him."
understand why you're still single."
Tony just stared at her, tilting his head and blinking, his mouth stretching into a somewhat bemused smile.
"You're right. 'Little' slut? Who am I kidding? Captain America's big, fat slut.
"What?" Tony asked and set the bowls on the island. "I thought you were in town for a couple days?"
"Jesus," Tony said as he stepped into the building, a small, tinkling bell ringing as the door swung closed behind him, "who the hell's minding the store if you're here on a food run?"
He was actually able to get all three slices of toast down along with a full mug of orange juice, and much as he wanted to scurry on down to the lab and hide out there, he found himself instead curled up on the couch with Steve and watching the first
"For what? You didn't do this."
Barnes snorted a laugh at that and shook his head some like he still couldn't believe he'd witnessed it.
"He didn't insist on it being the other way?" Bruce asked.
Steve grinned at him and rubbed his hands up and down Tony's arms once more. "Well,
Steve just flattened his mouth and moved to hide his obvious arousal behind the island counter- top.
the first people to hold her. I never counted on Hydra messing that up for us."
"Do what?"
"Maybe that's a cached image. Maybe that's from someone else. Clear it out and—"
Steve let out a sharp breath. "Tony, that's not—"
Tony scowled and looked over to where Pepper was still talking with Natasha. He watched a moment then turned back to the small group gathered around him.
"God, you're amazing," Steve murmured and pressed a soft kiss to his lips.
"Is that what happened?" Steve asked like he had finally gotten the answer to a question he'd long had, and Tony startled back a bit.
Steve gave a long, slow nod, his hand resting on Tony's knee, and he gave it a squeeze in comfort and support as Barnes asked, "What's
Tony slathered cream cheese on his bagel — hey, if Barton could eat breakfast food in the middle of the afternoon, then so could he — and said, "Yeah, but it might not be so bad. She's one of the few friendlies we've got, and at least it's radio. No pictures to worry about."
God help him, Thor almost looked like he understood, nodding and seeming to have an empathetic look on his face as he did so.
Because he had the support network for it: he had a husband that would stand by his side no matter what, friends that would do anything for him, and he had the money and the connections to keep this as far on the down-low as possible. Yes, it was a horrifying sort of body horror that should never have existed in the real world, but this was the kind of world they lived in now, and Tony could make the sacrifice so that this wouldn't have to happen to anyone else.
The assembled group was quiet a moment, and Tony realized their light teasing had taken a turn for the serious when Rhodey said gravely, "Of course you do, Tones."
Steve watched him shake some of the green crystals onto a tree and asked, "What changed?"
"Not the words I'd use," he muttered, curled on his side with his eyes shut tight.
"What? I don't know. I thought it was a cute name."
"I know. Can I go play with Dummy?"
"It's possible she did," Bruce agreed. "In that case, it's possible to think that you won't have much in the way of pain or labor complications. So, just sit up here and relax. I'll come check on you in a little while to see how you're doing. Uh, incidentally, this may be too much information,
"Trust me, you don't owe me anything. Look, it happened. We moved on. End of story."
"He started it!" they said in unison and pointed to each other.
"I can send James up to carry you up."
He nodded but still continued to focus on something past her elbow. "But I don't...I don't have a right to—"
Tony adjusted the baby in his arms, cradling her a little closer, if that was possible. God, he never wanted to let her go. "He wanted a boy."
Tony swallowed. He hadn't thought about it in that context, hadn't thought that Steve would be so…possessive, of sorts…about it. He'd thought it could just be a fun little bit of play doing something they hadn't done in a while.
Jesus Christ, the fucked-up world Nick Fury had pulled him into!
"I wasn't done holding her—"
"I don't think that's possible," he said but still pulled his hand away, and Tony shrugged.
"Haven't turned it down yet," Tony replied and kissed back then turned his attention back to the container of formula. "You know, I have a feeling this stuff sucks compared to the homemade stuff."
"No, no, that's fine. I'm hideous. I get it. You'd rather get some from that resting murder face of Barton's—"
"I swear to god, J," he muttered under his breath and took a few halting steps forward, tears continuing to sting his eyes from the miserable, radiating ache. "If you dropped me off here only to—"
Tony shot a glance back at the baby, who just stared at him as she rested in the highchair and gummed on her pacifier, and he heaved out a sigh, pulled the box out of the cabinet, and set it down on the counter.
"No," Wilson countered, "
Steve kept quiet and allowed Tony to continue.
But Steve just glanced between them and said, "And what would you say if an older gentleman did that to either one of you?"
The morning sun was peeking through the blinds when Steve next awoke, and he went to stretch a little when he realized there was a Tony-shaped lump lying atop him, his body somehow having slid into that crevice between Steve and the back of the couch during the night. Steve felt him stir, and he swallowed as he realized that this was it. They'd seen each other again, they'd had dinner, they'd made love, they'd slept, and now Tony was going to hurt him the way he'd hurt Tony once upon a time, telling him though he'd always love him, he couldn't trust him not to hurt him again.
"My friend," Thor said and stood up, "I'm afraid I do not understand."
"And you're
"Fuck off, Barton, and get me out of here."
"He's a hundred," Tony muttered in reply. "Don't tell him I told you, but he also carries around a handkerchief. It's what people did back in his day. I guarantee you he's got one shoved into an inside pocket of his tux jacket."
"Well, I can't do it on myself!"
it would go. It actually went a little more like this:
Steve made a hesitant, guttural sound as he looked at the TV where some blonde...haired...he guessed...thing that he supposed was made to resemble an...elf...was making herky-jerky movements as he talked to a...reindeer with a red nose?
" then grabbed some toilet paper to clean himself off with, dropped the used evidence in the toilet, and flushed it down before he stuffed his cock back into his pants and zipped up.
"Good to know, I guess," he said between gulps of milk.
This time, the Cap was the one to startle back. "Your
"Don't say 'fuck,' Tony."
Bruce pulled the bread and the peanut butter from the cabinet and went over to the fridge to get the jelly, stealing glances back at the little girl with the big brown eyes and the blonde hair. She definitely looked like Tony; that was for sure. But there was something 'off' about the attitude. He couldn't put his finger on it, but he didn't get that she
He made his way down the steps, the living area seemingly untouched, which meant Steve still hadn't shown his face, and Tony frowned and looked around and said, "J, is Steve
Barnes shook his head once more. "No. I don't— No, I don't recognize him. There were only certain people allowed to handle it. Last I knew, it was in Siberia with the others."
He blew out a breath and sat back in his chair a bit and said, "Tony, I don't think it's such a good —"
than it actually is. I would say 'What the fuck, Mother Nature?' but I'm about ninety percent sure now there
"Easier to get my hands on. Not as much fun as a marijuana cigarette, maybe—"
"Steve's the kind of guy that can't always see the forest for the trees, you know? He doesn't see something that's right in front of him at times. I used to think the bastard wouldn't know happiness if it bit him in the ass, and what I see with you two, I
"Why would I be? It's natural, isn't it? All the stuff I've read says it's the best thing for both of you."
"Take. It. Back," Tony finally said. "I can be Iron Man. You know I can be Iron Man. There's nothing to stop me. Put me back on the team. Say you're sorry. Say you were wrong about kicking me off the team or get the hell out of my sight."
Steve's face folded into a despondent frown. "Yeah, I know, but I should have—"
when Steve had — somehow — had that dream (or whatever it was). He may have been a wretch, but it wasn't his fault he wasn't the man Steve had once fantasized about (to put it mildly; he still remembered the…mess…he'd made of himself in that bathroom — the mess Tony had unthinkingly and unblinkingly cleaned up).
She had his artistic streak in her. He just knew it.
Tony shrugged as Olivia continued to suckle from him. "It doesn't, really. Guess you're just more sensitive than I am."
, necessarily, but he knew Pepper had been less-than-enthused with Tony's fraternity with what SI's brand-new head of security had termed the 'super friends.' Not that she didn't want Tony to have friends, and not that she disliked the 'super friends' exactly, but Bruce knew that Pepper knew that she was losing Tony to a world that she had no desire to join. Pepper was a businesswoman. She was about logic and practicality. She liked schedules and timetables. She liked knowing that when she got home at the end of the day, her lover was going to be there and not trapped on the other side of an alien wormhole. Pepper loved Tony Stark, but Bruce had the feeling Iron Man was someone she'd gladly dump in a landfill and never look back.
"What? No. I just… Not that it's any of your business, but I just…have to empty my bladder, all right?"
"As you wish," she said and touched her finger to her lips. Steve had only a second to think that this could be a mistake — that she could be pulling some other trick on him — and he was about to back away and say maybe he'd take a night or two to think about it when he felt her fingertip press against his lips, and something warm and slightly electric coursed through his body. He sucked in a quiet breath, expecting to find himself flat on his back in the next moment — like what had happened to Tony each time she'd turned him — but instead, the tingle of warm electricity filled him from his head down to his toes and then dissipated.
were soul-bonded to someone else and whenever one of them got married, he was going to repay them ten-fold for their treachery.
Tony was watching the little blonde toddling behind her.
"Blueberry."
you into labor is."
Tony cringed and squeezed his eyes shut a moment, and he when he opened them again, Pepper was blinking furiously like she was trying to comprehend what had just been said to her.
my protein shakes that I've kind of been subsisting on—"
to be on a team with you and the rest of the rejects from the Island of Misfit Toys? Look this whole 'Avengers’ thing wasn’t really my choice—”
"Don't, Steve!" he cried, not letting Steve get his thought out. "Don't you dare do this to me. Don't you dare try to take this away from me, too!"
He frowned at her. "Well, I am Iron Man."
calls you 'Captain.' Because if it's just
He shook his head a little but didn't look at Tony. "I don't know the sex."
"Not sad about anything," he said with a curt shake of his head.
Steve just grinned, either not hearing or ignoring the hesitance and slight disturbance in Barnes's voice. He put a hand on Tony's belly and rubbed it.
"Yeah, and like she wouldn't have enough things to do," Barton said with a disappointed shake of his head.
Tony sat back against the hard vinyl back of the booth but wouldn't look at him. "You know, maybe this was a bad idea?" He pulled out his wallet and began to dig through it. "Look, I'll pay for whatever, just—"
He just nodded, trying to find comfort and acceptance in her words, which only lasted until another painful contraction hit, and he took a breath and squeezed his eyes shut and gritted his teeth together. It wasn't until he felt a comforting counter-pressure that he realized he was squeezing Natasha's hand as hard as he could, almost doubling over as he worked his way through the contraction.
Steve looked up at him, panic-stricken. "Tony, that's not—"
, all right? I don't know what you thought you saw—"
But she laughed and said, "Oh, you Midgardians. So conservative in your thinking! Always believing it has to be one or the other. Good or bad. Black or white—" She nodded knowingly at Tony. "
Steve gave a funny smile like he knew he was caught out but was still trying to find ways to counter what Tony was saying. "They were good," he said, "and I was hungry."
"Tony, she's not going to know—"
"If the circumstances call for it, sure," Tony replied, easily and breezily — a little too easily and breezily. Evidently, this sort of thing had crossed his mind before.
"Hmm?" he asked then slid his arms around Steve's waist and hugged him, pressing as close to him as he could. "Put your arms around me. Make it look like we're actually in love."
"I don't know, Tony," Steve said as they stood down in his lab an hour later, Steve cradling a sleeping Olivia in his arms and Tony typing furiously as he set up the program. "What if it's not—"
"Always?" He folded his arms tight over his body, by now having figured out the trick to accounting for his pronounced breasts. "Tell me, Ms. Rushman, does this imply there was a point in our acquaintance that you had, as the kids say, checked me out?"
Steve merely tsked and shook his head as Olivia continued to babble into the phone. "You know," he said and brushed his hand over the top of her head again, "just because it's supposedly a little out of its time doesn't mean it's bad."
"I'm not crying into a tub of gelato," he muttered and stabbed the spoon into the creamy, frozen custard mixture again, which got an actual laugh out of Natasha.
Thor was still watching TV, and evidently Natasha wasn't fazed in the least by Jim's assessment of Tony's former lovers.
She just glared at him. "Again, I am not your cosmic personal assistant — although," she said, and the annoyance on her face cleared to be replaced by a sort of wonder, "if you and your captain were interested, I do know of a way that you could see what sort of lives have come before—"
call an anatomy study but what was really just a detailed depiction of his breasts. He shot a pointed look at Steve, who just shrugged as though he had nothing to say for himself, and then shook his head some and went back to the drawings.
"I only want you to be safe."
Steve liked to claim he was some ninety-five-year-old man, but he was a ninety-five-year-old man that only had about twenty-nine years' worth of experience to draw on. That meant that instead of driving like the ninety-five-year-old grandpa he claimed he was, he drove like the asshole twenty- nine-year old he
He shook his head. "No, I—"
"What if you're wrong?"
. They should be the
"No and no," Tony said.
Tony continued to frown and considered him a moment then said, "Oh! Yeah, they rerecorded it after the war. Guess they pressed it so many times they wore out the master. That's this version."
Tony folded his arms. "Yeah, and why's that?"
Barnes left not long after Natasha had, and it was as Bruce, with DUM-E's help, was cleaning up the remnants of cloths and implements and whatever else he'd used in the course of the birth, that he said, "Um, hey, Tony?"
Whereas Steve's mother had looked serious, Tony would say that Joseph Rogers had a stern look about him — like if the Stare of Disapproval was Steve's normal look rather than something that came out when he was, well, disapproving something. Steve clearly resembled both of his parents, but it was obvious that he took after his father just a little bit more, though it was hard to tell if his father was tall or short in this photograph.
"It means," he said, trying to choose his words carefully in case things where Olivia came from didn't quite match up with what he knew, "that Daddy thinks I'm a better person than my daddy was." Goddamn, it was weird having to call Cap 'Daddy.'
. He'd thought after the serum he might finally feel
"You've been holding onto these for two days?"
"I don't know," he said and scoffed a little. "The grocery store, I think. It was right before I came back here."
"And here I thought maybe you'd watch it for pointers," he said and stepped onto the elevator once it had returned from dropping Rhodey off on Bruce's floor. "And no coffee!" he called out as the doors closed.
"If you say you're sorry, I'm cutting your balls off."
Fucking hormones. Fucking, fucking hormones.
. The little siphon on Tony's wealth and health wasn't even born yet, and Steve was thinking about his fucking legacy.
Steve just folded his arms on the table and shrugged, but he smiled so that Tony hopefully knew that yes, he was, and yes, it was intentional.
He opened his eyes once more and stepped out into the hallway, the money SHIELD had given him burning a hole in his pocket. Maybe he'd treat himself to breakfast. Maybe he'd catch a quick movie. Maybe he'd jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
"Nothing."
"Damn it, Steve! What did I tell you?"
"Yeah," Steve said, a little uneasy from Tony's words. What was he implying by that?
"Not a hassle or a problem whatsoever," he finished before Steve could suck the fun out of it. "It's one day, Steve! Could you just try to enjoy it? Look!"
Tony pointed to the far wall. "Door is that way, Barton. See yourself out. I'd say don't let it hit you in the ass, but JARVIS will make certain to beat you with it several times before you're able to escape."
Steve's hand went firm, his fingers digging in slightly to the covered flesh as he rubbed his hand against Tony's abdomen, and Tony knew then that Steve felt something, too.
They changed back into their pajamas and settled in to watch another movie after that, two of them snuggled together on the couch with Olivia bundled between them. It was an older one — actually, to Steve, it was brand new — black-and-white and, as Tony slyly described it, 'communist propaganda.' Steve didn't see what was so communist about it. It was about a fella in a small town that felt constrained by the fact that he wasn't able to get out and see the world and do all the amazing things he'd dreamt of doing since he was a kid. Steve very much related to the desire to get out and do great things, and he very much related to the desire to help people that were unable to help themselves.
"Why?"
But Olivia was
"Go."
He tightened his hold on Olivia just the slightest and said, "Hey, Tony?"
"Then come on," he said and nodded his head toward the stairs. "You and me. Let's go."
"It's how they controlled me—
So, Steve talked. About everything. About what had happened after Barnes had fallen from the train; about what had happened when he'd put the plane down into the snow; about what had happened about when he'd woken up nearly seventy years in the future.
"I don't know why you people are encouraging this," Tony said but stood up. "You make fun of us when we do stuff like this."
Thor frowned like he didn't believe Barton's assertion, but Wilson piped up, "It's true, man. Chicks and dudes alike dig the god of thunder."
"But it's not good."
"No, Steve, you don't get it. I really was a wretch of a human being back then."
"Oh! No, that's not a problem!" Barnes insisted. "I am perfectly capable of cooking up Birdman's chow."
He took a breath and exhaled it, his gaze boring into the flicker of candlelight on the table, and like he was recalling information from long ago, he said, "I remember…talking to Peggy. Making plans with her. We were gonna go to the Stork Club. It's not even around anymore. I remember telling her I didn't know how to dance. I don't… I don't recall the hit. I think I got thrown. I was lying down when they found me, I guess. Last I knew, I was sitting in the pilot's seat."
Steve made some disinterested motions with his hand, mumbling something kind of incomprehensible, but knew he was deflecting and really did want part of the sandwich, and he rolled his eyes and held it out to him.
"No," he said around the bite. "But tomatoes grow on vines."
Pepper pinched the bridge of her nose, and Tony all but threw his hands up in the air in defeat, but Bruce just said "Uh, I don't think so. Your Daddy has to stay down here and have a talk with…Pepper."
"Mmm… Is this my hint to keep my grubby mitts off that payout you got from the government for leaving you in an iceberg for seventy years?"
"How is a barrel full of monkeys supposed to be 'fun' anyway?" Bucky asked, and Steve could tell by the tone he was completely serious about the question. "I never got that line. Why would anyone think— Wouldn't that just be loud and annoying?"
He snapped his helmet on, and as soon as his interface had loaded, he took off after Steve, telling JARVIS, "J, get me to that idiot before he makes a Steve-shaped splat on the ground."
He stabbed another bite of pancakes and shoved them in his mouth, and Steve was quiet a moment as he scanned through whatever was on his tablet and said, "I was serious before."
"Ninety-seven?"
"So, a farm, huh?" Tony continued like he hadn't gone into a slight tree tangent. "I just assumed for some reason that this Clint would be more into, I don't know, spy work or something."
Thinking maybe Steve had turned in early after their fight, he went upstairs into the bedroom, but the bedclothes were completely untouched.
have anything like that. I know they're just trying to be nice. But I just— I would just feel better if they waited to do that until
" Wilson said, squeezing his eyes shut like he'd realized his mistake far too late.
"And we're done here."
Steve scratched the back of his head. "Uh…what do you mean?"
He watched as Tony swallowed, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down in his throat, and then over the sound of the pounding rain that continued to hit against the shelter Tony said the most beautiful word ever created in the English language.
Tony snorted a laugh. "Life? Creation? Yeah, I think I've got more blood on my hands than Steve ever will."
"Uh, yeah, I guess. Something like that," he said and rocked the chair a bit more. "Look, he just got a little confused. I'm sure he would have snapped out of it—"
"Well, he's gone now. We don't have to worry about him. We can shop online. JARVIS can have everything sent right to the house. We don't have to set one foot outside."
Steve shook his head a little and offered Olivia the bottle, who greedily and happily took it, slurping down formula like it was the last time she'd ever have it. "No, just... Again, I think we should play to our strengths."
"I don't think they like each other like that," Steve said as he sat down on a chair at the island and settled Olivia onto his lap. "I think Sam is seeing Sharon, and Buck's pretty sweet on Nat."
Steve just laughed as Tony scowled and tossed a balled-up piece of tissue paper at him that didn't quite make it past the coffee table.
"Yeah."
"You got
She shrugged again. "Depends on what time of month it is. In your case, though…"
"You wouldn't. You're just screwing with me because you think it's funny to get me worked up."
"Your papa was coloring with you?"
"C'n I come down the stairs by myself?"
3:45, right?"
"Sass-bot," he muttered and picked up the iron again, forgetting that he'd even stopped to question why he had the iron to begin with.
, which had irked him a little — at least at first.
But to that end, he still didn't know how he felt about himself. He was sure he would always and forever on some level identify as a man, but he'd come to accept this new womanly side of him — the figure and the physiology and the like. He didn't feel like he acted any differently in this form, though he supposed he'd developed a few habits he'd remembered from how his mother used to carry herself as well as taken to heart the things that society said a woman should or shouldn't do. He sat with his knees together (well, except for when he'd been lugging around a thirty-five- pound watermelon on his gut), legs either crossed or closed, he prettied himself up with makeup and actually spent more than five minutes on his hair, he'd consciously worked to modulate his voice so it wouldn't go so screechy when he got excited, he'd even found himself cowed into not acting as aggressive with anyone because it wasn't 'ladylike.' He shaved and plucked and waxed his moustache (oh, but it was perfectly fine to have a moustache when he was a
"Oh. Well. Tough break."
"It's not your fault—"
"Mmm...I agree with Steven," Thor chimed in after he'd finished gulping down his coffee. He smacked the empty mug on the coffee table, and Steve cringed at what he could only imagine was a very large nick now embedded into the table, but Thor completely disregarded the action and instead focused on Tony.
"I don't," Bruce said because he was a glutton for punishment, and Olivia turned her attention to him. "Why don't you tell me what it is?"
He would never…
"Uh, we have guests coming, Steven." He motioned to Thor. "See? Some of them have already shown up."
, Tony," Steve said and shifted the car into park.
And there was the little matter of a poor, innocent toddler girl caught in the middle of this madness.
She gave it some thought but didn't pull her hands from his arms. "You all do, I'd say."
He took a glance around at Barton and Bruce, who were both being jerks about the whole thing, and then Steve, who was being suspiciously quiet about it all, and jumped up from the couch.
She rolled her eyes. "
But Steve just leaned in and kissed him hard, bruising, his hands digging into the flesh of Tony's hips possessively, and Tony went a little weak-kneed as he fell into him, handing Steve the power over him once again.
Steve instead pulled them over to a bus shelter just as the rain got even heavier, thrumming down atop the shelter so loud it was hard to even think. He let go of Tony's arm, and Tony folded his arms and grumbled and wondered if it was too late to call up Happy to give him a lift back to the building, but Steve, unable to help himself as he looked over at Tony and saw the way the rain had matted his hair down over his forehead, reached out and pushed the hair away, and Tony looked up at him with inquisitive big, brown eyes.
He made a brave attempt at going back into the kitchen where he saw Tony was making precise cuts into cookie dough with a candy cane shaped cutter, and he slipped in and took a seat at the island opposite Tony, who glanced up for only a second before he went back to his job.
"It's her. Trust me. And yes, this is what I want. Maybe it's not what you want—"
Though it was a nice cock.
the most—"
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "Are you goddamned…"
Pepper rolled her eyes. "And that's supposed to make me feel better?"
"What are you doing?"
"I put in the communal floor for a reason!"
Pepper continued to give him an odd look like
He shook his head once more because no way in hell could he tell Natasha this. Could he?
"And the Goddess's spells are of an entirely different persuasion. Only she has the means to rescind them."
"I don't think I would have been with Tony if he was anything like Schmidt— And how do you even know that Schmidt was like that, anyway? He could have just been heavy into that…bondage and domination stuff."
He slid the box over to Tony, and Tony pulled it close and began to inspect what was collected inside. It wasn't much — one, a five-by-seven black-and-white glossy of what looked like a very young Steve and Bucky. Steve was in a cap and gown, something rolled up and tied with a ribbon in his hand (Tony presumed it was a diploma). Bucky, taller, cockier, was leaning onto him, arm around his shoulders. It was hard to tell, there wasn't much to discern, but it looked like it was taken in a back garden of some kind, fencing and tenements blurry in the background. Tony looked it over a little more before he turned it over, spying in pencil '
a girl. Wait. Make it a hundred and fifty."
"Like a Chihuahua," Steve continued like he hadn't heard him.
"How can I make it worth your while to do so?"
her or anything. Clearly, I do not own Pepper Potts. But, yeah, when she finally decides to make an honest man out of Happy, I have every intention of walking her down that aisle."
Tony made a face. "Steve? You mean Cap? Why?" He leaned forward like he was aiming to conspire. "Is there something you want to tell me about your feelings for our 'leader'?"
"Thought you were shy about talking about that sort of stuff with us," Natasha said, and Tony rolled his eyes.
Tony glared at him. "You still went to the
think these lines were going to work? Fuck, it's now got me— Was
She smacked her chewing gum again but still didn't budge, and Steve said, "Look, it sounds...crazy, but he
"No talking unless I tell you that you're allowed to. Also, I don't want to hurt either one of you," he said and motioned toward the small swell of Tony's abdomen that pushed against the negligée. "I want you to enjoy this as much as I do. I'm not about to hurt you to get my rocks off. I know you enjoy a little bit of pain, but I don't want to do that tonight. I want to drive you mad with want tonight.
He sighed, figuring one of these days Barton would push his comments too far and get a shield to the face for it, and went back into the bedroom.
"I'm not
He gazed at the photograph of the handsome man in the dossier file, unable to understand how he could have imagined the details so perfectly but gotten the big picture so utterly and embarrassingly wrong. He almost hated the man he saw staring back at him — hated him for something that wasn't even his fault. Yes, he was a largely contemptible person that had no business pretending he was a 'hero' (he wasn't; far from it), but it wasn't his fault that he wasn't the ideal Steve had dreamt about once upon a time. He hadn't even been
, Tony," Bruce said, and Tony flipped him off before he got to the top of the steps and went over to his bedroom. He lay down on the bed, curling up on his side, Steve's pillow tucked between his legs, and closed his eyes.
Oh, not that he hadn't tried. He had. He'd been jerked off and sucked off in his 'chorus girl' days (he wasn't sure he'd ever forget that rather...apt...description of him by Colonel Phillips), but he'd never really been able to seal the deal, so to speak, when it came to actual, penetrative sex. Or he hadn't been. He'd quite clearly and easily been able to penetrate Tony, and he'd loved every single goddamned moment of it — the warmth and the fit and the absolutely wanton noises Tony made beneath him. Or above him. He had to admit there was just something about the way Tony would ride him like a goddamned stallion. But Tony was a fella, and he'd long thought maybe that was the difference.
Barnes shrugged. "Used to accuse us of conspiring together — especially with trying to set him up on dates. Steve's ma just wanted him to find someone that would be good to him. I think she worried that he…wouldn't find, well,
"Yeah, you should be," Tony said in spite then blinked and frowned, his tone much more curious as he asked, "Wait, for what?"
Natasha drove him over to the restaurant in the R8 because a) she insisted that Tony couldn't drive over himself and b) Tony suspected she really just wanted to take the R8 out for a spin. He let her, told her not to rack up too many miles on the car, and then walked into the restaurant, biting his lips to keep from grinning at the pretty obvious looks he was getting. He was used to being admired in his other body, but this was the first time he'd had strangers doing it to
He wasn't sure that it was Tony's best move to keep using such off-color language around the baby, but he didn't really feel comfortable chastising him for it.
Natasha gave a knowing smirk, while Barton whistled.
"What?
"OK, fine," he said and yawned a little, deciding not to fight the exhaustion as much now that he and Steve were back to having their 'alone' time. "But only because you asked nicely."
"No, doll baby," he said and took the receiver from her mouth, "like this."
to be a parent, so I've taken his piss-poor example and run the exact opposite way with it. My father never once told me he loved me, and no matter what that patch-wearing super-sleuth says, the happiest day of his life
"Why do you sound so funny?"
He pulled away from Steve and looked to the couch, and he glanced up at Steve and said almost petulantly, "There's a baby in my spot."
"Think she's going to like it — you know, after getting the homemade stuff for so long?" Tony asked and crowded close to Steve, putting his hands to Steve's waist as he stared down at the little bundle of trouble in his arms.
feed her!" Tony snapped then immediately felt bad about his attitude and said, "I'm sorry. I don't know—"
"Uh," Bruce said and scratched at the back of his head, and if Tony didn't know better, he'd think there was something a little nervous or fishy about the way Bruce was suddenly holding himself. "Dunno. Few days, I think? Few weeks? I wasn't here when they left. I got the news from you, so…"
Rhodey made a few hesitant utterances then said, "What— Uh, I mean, I didn't
But Olivia had succeeded in pulling him away from his chair and over to the charging station where DUM-E suddenly perked up, whirring and beeping in anticipation of much-desired attention. Tony watched them in slight bemusement before he remembered that Rhodey still stood to his side, gazing at him in confusion and concern.
"But you can't do that for the girl's."
"It's in the dishwasher," he said and realized that handing glass to a four-year-old was a fine idea for an idiot. He looked for something less breakable and found a 'Stark Industries' emblazoned plastic travel mug.
Steve went to say something to that, but Ella beat him to the punch by cutting him off and saying to Tony, "I'm sorry, I don't— Bruce and the captain keep referring to you as 'Tony,' but I thought your name was 'Natasha'?"
Tony narrowed his eyes some, as though he was weighing how to answer the question. Finally, he nodded just a smidge and said a somewhat enigmatic, "Yes."
"God, I can't even imagine. I'm half of the conversation, and even I'm confused by it."
you are."
"—and all I'm saying is if the T-1000 here really is Cap's best pal, he would acknowledge that age is but a number and it doesn't matter if Cap's robbing the cradle with your boy or not. They're soul mates, as we've been told. Doesn't matter how old they are or what they look like. They are, evidently, meant to be together."
didn't. But Steve Rogers?" He seemed a little abashed but a little amused as well as he added, "Once or twice."
"Yeah," he said and exhaled a breath. He exchanged a look with Tony, and Tony smiled a little at him and said, "You can go if you need to. You know that."
to have this clump of cells growing within him. But he hadn't. He'd been forced into it (he'd heard Steve use the term 'shanghaied,' which he was pretty sure wasn't very politically correct anymore, but he'd been saying it to Thor, who wouldn't have caught on to that) and given no choice but to see it through until it came to its inevitable end. Pepper was totally right in that this should have been something he'd
But the words seemed to pique Steve's interest and he looked between them like was analyzing something and said, "Seriously?"
were a bad idea. I just meant—"
Tony made a 'hmmph' sound as Steve pulled the empty bottle away and set it on the table. "You know, some babies are born with a tooth or two already."
"Goin' as fast as the traffic'll let me," he said in reply.
He shot Barton another look, but Tony huffed out a breath and said, "Whatever," and pulled away from Steve and moved over to the crowd. Someone, he presumed JARVIS, started piping in some music as he hugged Rhodey 'hello' and kissed Pepper's cheek and let Happy pull him in for a bear hug. Wilson slapped his back and wished him a 'Happy Birthday, man' and Bruce smiled and said, "Happy Birthday, Tony." Hill wished him the same, and Thor said something about extending his best wishes on the joyous anniversary of his birth. He thought about correcting him on that but decided to just let it slide at the last minute. It wasn't worth being pedantic over.
, honey-bunny! We're both clean and in a committed, monogamous relationship. We never had any use for them. I mean, yeah, sure, maybe to keep the mess down, but to be honest, sometimes, that's—"
"Both."
He folded his arms, tucking his hands into his armpits and said, "You really didn't need to—"
Steve hummed a little, continuing to work the plug, Stark keening and writhing beneath his hand. “I don’t know. I don’t really see this as a teachable moment.”
Steve nodded once more then said, "I'm surprised you went with that."
He went back to scanning through whatever it was he was looking at, and Tony finished off his cup of coffee and cut himself another generous bite of pancakes. He shoved it in his mouth and chewed, and he watched as Steve swiped through screens and information then said, "Well, if nothing else, at least the general reaction to last night appears to be positive."
of them?"
So, he forced himself to ignore those thoughts and instead closed his eyes and listened to some noisy, jangly thing that must have been called 'Step into Christmas' and enjoyed the feel of warmth and security.
He shrugged and picked his fork back up. "We can always attempt to do something about the marriage-thing."
"Was it me? I mean, was I the one that got turned into something?"
Thor shrugged. "I cannot sense it myself, but she can. It is in her nature. It is her gift. As I said, there are those that are bonded and those that are not. She sensed the bond that you and the Captain share. As she understands it, such a bond necessitates conception."
But the humor vanished from Steve's face and was replaced by something that looked a little like understanding. "Does it bother you?"
"It's fine, Tony," he assured him. "It's more than fine. It's perfect."
"Tony?" Steve asked, pushing in a little more and trying to peek around the door. "What are you doing?"
"How?"
"Right. Now, Tony Stark's a woman — the
didn't see him any differently.
— convincing Tony of the earnestness of his words — was more important than keeping secrets from Hydra.
"Here," Tony said, and Steve turned, knocking the ribbon from his head and onto the floor, and caught what looked like…pants of some kind. Red pants with faces on them. He shot a look at the toy the little girl still held fast to in one tight hand. Faces that matched that one toy.
as they're making it out to be."
. I know it sounds like stupid and shallow crap, but goddamn it, Steve, I like being
"You know there's literally a handful of us, right?" he grumbled at the screen of bubble-headed nitwits. "Two handfuls if I'm being generous. How thin do you want us to stretch ourselves?"
He laughed a little at the fact that Tony had to insist that it wasn't innuendo — he didn't even think to take it as such — and said, "Midnight."
He went a little bashful for his next one, almost like it embarrassed him to say it.
"Top of the class."
"Really?" Barton muttered and looked at them like they were all a bunch of traitors. "Oh!" he said and nodded. "I get it. It's 'cause they're in the room, right?" He motioned to Steve and Tony and added, "Don’t want to bite the hand that feeds you. Got it."
"Who's that?"
be in that body long enough to breast feed?"
"It's just milk. It's just milk. It's just milk," he repeated to himself as he brought the spoon closer to his mouth. "It's
Something in the guy's slate-gray eyes flashed, like he'd just been let in on a little secret had by Tony. "Oh," he said with a slight nod, "so that's what your deal is."
"Oh, the one sister, yes," Ella said, suddenly beside them as she motioned to the brunette in the photo. "She's the one that loaned the prints to us. The one that took the photographs—" she motioned to the fairer-haired sister, "—disappeared without a trace in 1968. No one seems to know what happened to her."
," Steve said with a sigh, but Tony just said, "Yep, turning back was definitely a mistake."
Tony and Hill brought up the rear, and Natasha picked through the selection to find what she'd determined was Tony's size, and when she'd found it, without a word, she pulled it from the rack and held it up for approval. Hill nodded and said, "Looks even better in person."
kid that had come barreling into his workshop. Hell, he'd probably even have an easier time with the Cap's kid. Then again, the world probably couldn't tolerate
Steve sucked in a breath, and Tony looked at him and said, "Are you ready to find out?"
"Would you now?" Tony said, his voice husky, and Steve glanced up and saw that his pupils had been blown wide.
Once he'd finished up in the bathroom, he went back into the bedroom and took a quick and unsubtle look around. If he took too much time, that Tony fellow would come looking for him, and something told him he didn't want Tony to honestly suspect this to be the work of a 'galactic cosmonaut,' whatever that meant. The décor of the room was sophisticated and yet simplistic, muted colors and a neutral palette. As an excuse to take up more time than he knew he had, he straightened out the bedclothes, tucking the sheets in and fluffing up the pillows, and his eyes finally hit upon a framed photo atop the bureau. He finished righting the comforter then went over and picked up the silver frame, eyeing the picture within in slight confusion. He recognized himself adorned in what sort of looked like his Captain America uniform (close but not quite) without the helmet. His brown-gloved hands (and were those gloves…fingerless?) were joined with what looked to be Tony's, and they were…kissing. His heart stopped, and he looked around for someone — anyone — that might see this and be tempted to report him. Fantasizing about it, hell, even a quick one in the dark was one thing; pictorial evidence of the dirty deed was another thing entirely. Tony's dark hair was mussed per usual, and he looked to be dressed in some sort of odd metal suit — red and gold and, come to think of it, looking a lot like that one toy that was joined together with the Captain America-looking toy the little blonde girl had been clutching fast to.
"He was there when they signed the Decoration of Inadapandance."
Steve had gotten the top flap open, ripping off the packaging tape, and was just starting to pull at the inner packaging.
"It's a long story," Tony said and wondered where in the fuck they were going from there. They had been on their way back to the cabin so that Steve could watch Tony masturbate, but he had a strong feeling that was off the table now. Steve was standing right behind him, pressed up tight against him, and he could tell Steve's previous interest in their future activities had dwindled down to nothing.
"Conventions?"
Tony looked up and met her gaze, and she smiled softly at him, genuine affection shining in her green eyes. Against his wishes — goddamned fucking hormones — he began to tear up, and Natasha went over and pulled him into a hug, shushing him, murmuring soothing words in Russian, then said, "We're your family, Stark, whether you like it or not."
furniture until the baby's born."
fathers? Relying on his spouse to do and provide everything? Sure, he loved feeding her and always had, but Tony had pretty much always been the one to get the bottle ready — originally with the breast milk and then with the formula after the supply of breast milk had...ceased to be. He knew there was a part of Tony that regretted being so hasty in his decision to change back — that thought maybe he should have thought it through a little more or maybe just held off another couple months or so. He knew the whole ordeal had been pretty much a revelation to Tony and that Tony now knew his gender—
Tony opened his eyes, and he met Steve's sad and nervous gaze for only a second before he stumbled off the chair and left the kitchen himself, swallowing once more and trying to pull in some semblance of a breath as he did so.
He turned the shower on, waiting for the stagnant water in the pipes to pass before he stepped into the warm cocoon of moisture, closing the glass door behind him and letting the water drench him from head-to-toe. He closed his eyes and let himself luxuriate in the spray of warmth, water trickling down from the top of his hair and tickling where it streamed down his neck to his shoulders.
part of him knew to be embarrassed by that fact — before he said, "It might have gotten overlooked."
"Breathe, honey. Look at me. Breathe. You're not alone. You have me, and you have the team. We're not going to let you fall or get hurt."
Steve shook his head some to clear his thoughts. "Yeah."
One that had come back to life and shoved his ridiculous hotness into Tony's face every time he turned around, but still, a fantasy and nothing more. What had made him think that he was even good enough for someone like Steve? Someone that deserved so much more than what life had given him — than what Tony could give him.
Tony huffed out a breath. "That once you get past the firm, tight flesh that you just want to…sink your teeth into…the real Steve Rogers is still underneath and—"
This was what was on his mind as he got ready for bed a few nights later, going through his usual routine of popping antacids and peeing right before he climbed into bed so that he hopefully wouldn't have to go during the night. He switched off the light and came out of the bathroom, screeching to a halt when he saw what his dear husband was up to. Again.
"I just do, all right? It's just— She was talking about things that made no sense. People we'd never heard of and things that had never happened like— She was surprised that I still had my arc… reactor…"
Still, overall, it actually went quite well. Not
Steve looked up from where he was about to stab his fork into the cake to break off his first bite. "Butter pecan?" he asked, his voice going up into a hopeful little lilt.
Sam exhaled a somewhat annoyed breath and sat back in his chair some. "Whatever you have to tell yourself, man."
that man? Was this Hydra's doing? Had the Red Skull somehow found out about…? No, no one knew that about him. Bucky had, but he'd assured Bucky the serum had fixed him, much to Bucky's relief. Then what was this? And why did Steve so desperately want to put his hands all over that lithe body? Why did he want to kiss every inch of that tawny skin? Why did he want to listen to that strangely familiar voice ramble at ninety miles an hour over things he could only half-understand?
But that was a worry for another day. It was Christmas Eve, and unless Hydra or AIM or some megalomaniac with a massive chip on his shoulder and some time to kill decided to spoil the holiday, Steve had nowhere else to be but at home, lying on the floor with his daughter, his heart melting every single time she pushed herself up onto her elbows and giggled in delight.
"I don't doubt it," Steve murmured then got to his feet. He leaned down and kissed Tony's forehead. "Just don't hurt yourself, all right?"
"Buck asked me if I was going to be OK with that — with seeing that, with being there for that. Where we come from — the time we originally come from — that wasn't— That didn't happen. Fathers stayed in the waiting room. They passed out cigars when the nurse came in and told them whether it was a boy or a girl. They didn't let you hold the baby. I'm not even sure if they let you see your wife for very long. It was such a…" He blew out a breath. "So Buck wanted to know if I'd be able to handle that because it wasn't— That's how it works
"Weak?" he asked, grimacing as he rubbed the spot on his neck that they'd stuck, his gauntlets having been removed at some point, though damned if he knew where they were. "Felt pretty strong to me."
was the true story of Christmas—
He just nodded and handed her phone back to her, and she stroked a hand down his hair and said, "OK, we're almost there. I already have legal looking into it—"
"It could kill him," Bruce said, and both Tony and Steve turned to look at him.
Thought how much longer he had until she was making fun of his abilities, too, he couldn't say. Probably not as long as he would like.
Barnes stood there a moment, gun still at the ready, and Tony lowered his hands to show he wasn't a threat and said, "You're good. You're OK."
Steve just grinned and reached out for Tony's finger, and he grabbed it and pressed a kiss to the tip of it.
The four seated at the island just stopped mid-motion and turned to him, all varying degrees of 'Are you kidding?' playing out over their faces.
He motioned over Tony like it explained the whole thing, and Tony went a little petulant at that, pursing his lips and folding his arms. "They're called 'lifts,' all right? A lot of guys use them."
Tony stopped inputting codes but didn't look away from the computer.
"However you want."
"The end of
"You really expect me to believe—"
"Sparkling grape juice. Really?"
"Stop checking the perimeter and sit down!"
"They just saw Tony Stark last night!"
But then Pepper had shown him it was OK not to have to fill every single void with sound, and with Steve, it just came easy. He'd first discovered that not long after Steve and the other Avengers had moved in. Steve found his way down to Tony's workshop-cum-lab more than any of the others, and at first, it was for stupid, bullshit stuff like arrangements and weapons and the like. Purely business.
Steve sighed and sat back in his chair and rubbed a hand over his face. "That doesn't make any of what he said untrue," he said, and Tony took that as a good sign that he was done asking about Ty because Tony was totally done thinking about him.
"Whoa! Hey!" Tony said and let go of his wrist to put both hands on his shoulders. "I didn't say I didn't. I just said we haven't, you know, done anything like that since I got Rule 63'd. Is that… I mean, is that something you'd…
"But you'd rather chase after your precious little Bucky. Because finding your pal and being with your little pal is a much more enticing prospect than putting up with me."
He sighed and surveyed the shelves to look for anything he could use to cut the flavor of the muesli. Orange juice. Of course, there was orange juice. He grimaced and reached out to grab the container, but he hesitated at the last second. Was it new? When was the last time Steve had been in the fridge? Had he had a chance to backwash into it yet? He whined a little and was just about to debase himself to using the orange juice when the bottles of expressed breast milk caught his eye. Hand poised to reach for the orange juice, he stared at the bottles of his own breast milk and wondered how kosher it would be to use that. Granted, Olivia didn't turn her nose up at it, but Olivia didn't have much of a choice, and it wasn't like he'd hadn't tasted his own milk before. He hadn't made a
He had one shot at this. He wasn't going to mess it up.
He scowled at the image that accompanied the brief text about 'Captain America and his Baby Mama,' and Steve shook his head and said, "I don't like that they can do this — make it seem as low-brow and disgusting and
"Where you goin'?" Barnes asked as he watched Tony make his way over to the door.
," beneath him.
"But this is the only one that showed up, right?" Bruce nodded.
—" he jerked a thumb at Steve, "—just to get a marriage license."
plan," Rhodey said, and Steve, despite his misgivings over the situation, chuckled a little. "No, I'm serious. That is— Now you got me wondering if I'm really sure about this."
"Well, look, I admit it mighta been a little…weird…if he'd said he did, but he didn't, so—"
"Sure they have!"
"I try."
OK, three. No, maybe four.
"Nothing," Tony said with a quick shake of his head. "All right!" He clapped his hands together. "What do you say we start opening some presents?"
"I didn't really look," he admitted and watched as Olivia drank down the last of the bottle. "I wasn't sure she was old enough yet."
"Oh, really?" he asked and folded his arms, scowling at the woman that stood before him, and she looked up from examining her nails to meet his gaze.
"'bout damned time," he muttered and hopped onto the table. "Uh, you know how to read one of those things, don't you?"
Separation anxiety went both ways, right?
"Jealous? Who says I'm jealous over Barnes? Just 'cause Steve drops everything at the mere mention of his name—"
By the time they got back down to the ballroom, the speeches were winding down (Tony had made sure to take as much time as possible upstairs in the suite so that they didn't have to hear the speeches, plus, he'd needed to test the bed out to make sure it would be adequate for sleeping… and possibly other stuff…that night). Dessert was being served, and Tony sat down without complaint and helped himself to the delectable chocolate offering sitting in front of him. There was also a small cup of black coffee sitting to the right of the plate, and Tony pounced before anyone could tell him 'no,' putting the cup to his lips and taking as much of a gulp of the steaming hot beverage as he could muster — no sugar, no cream, just delicious, black, savory…
"He told you?"
"Can do it however you want," Steve replied. "No rules—"
"Look, cards on the table, fine, I…find the guy attractive. Maybe I even want him to like me. But it's not going to happen, so it's not worth even thinking about. We work together. That's it."
Steve pulled out his wallet and produced his driver's license while Tony pulled out the bag he'd taken to carrying around and pulled out his wallet —
"Come on! Was it important?"
He kind of wondered who had been the one to inform Hill of this whole mess, but at the same time, he didn't care. He was just glad she did know and it was someone else for his side.
Steve nodded then said, "And how do you plan on getting them off the table top?"
Tony blinked. "Uh, am I, or am I not, standing here before you now as a
Steve moaned and squeezed his eyes shut yet again, and Tony snorted a laugh and said, "I forgot how much fun it is to get you worked up. I should make you clean this up with your tongue."
And then, from behind him, came an odd tinkling sound like ice in a crystal tumbler and a voice guaranteed to set his nerves on edge.
doing something to him, even if he didn't realize it. Steve was mesmerized by the chatterbox beside him, amazed that someone's mouth could move that fast, and he knew for as fast as that mouth moved, the brain behind it moved even faster. He'd almost love to get a peek inside that brain to see all its beautiful madness in action. He wanted to sketch it or paint it or even just wander around in it.
He sat down with a huff. "You were spying on me."
, Steve. Ten
"Yeah," Tony said and turned to kiss his cheek. "Yeah, you're right."
"Yeah, that's sweet, J. But I'm pretty sure there's a gigantic paw print on my wrist right now, and I didn't want to say anything, but it hurts like a bitch."
said 'this afternoon.'"
But, god, did he ache, and he could tell he was wet and ready to be taken and halfway to orgasm already. God, this body! The things that…
"Because this is only a temporary thing," he said and motioned over himself. "Crazy space goddess was playing with her Steve and Tony dolls and suddenly decided, 'Hey, what if Tony was a
"Why do I sense sarcasm?"
I knew you were my favorite for a reason."
They'd had more frenzied, passionate, intense sex in the week that had followed, but, looking back, nothing had ever matched that strangely accepting feeling that had come over him the first time Steve had ever come inside of him that way. Tony tried not to think about the fact that neither one of them was exactly in their right mind when it had happened. Instead, he thought about how fitting it was that, if the conception had indeed occurred that very first time, the pregnancy should end on the same table it began on.
"Yeah, 'uh oh' is right," Tony said and stepped around the couch to go over to the mess. "You know how long Papa spent arranging that while Daddy sat on his caboose and stuffed his mouth with cookies?"
emotional with this whole thing. Slightest thing makes her cry."
with me—"
such a being as 'Mother Nature,' and the last thing I really need to do is piss her off."
"But you and Tony were very public about your relationship," Bruce said, concern tingeing his voice. "Now all of a sudden Tony's disappeared from sight and you're out and about with some mystery woman—"
"I really don't think I'm the reason—" he started to say when Natasha cut in and said, "Oh, yeah, Stark's coming."
"Everything that just happened over the last two days, and you're just shrugging your shoulders and saying it's no big deal?"
Welch shrugged a little. "I don't reveal my sources. However, I can say that there are certain…
Tony knew he'd got him there. Steve had asked him to go. Steve had wanted him to go. Steve had no one to blame for this whole thing but himself.
I'm not her real dad, OK? I know, but— I just— I have no way of knowing where she comes from, and I have no way of getting her back there, so unless some magical little portal-opener-thing falls into my hands, she's stuck here, and that, my boo bear, makes her mine by default. Yeah, maybe I'm not her
"Yeah."
He swore he heard a little squeak of a whine from Steve, which was then followed by a weak, "OK."
Steve's face went paler and paler the longer he talked, and he cut off and made a face and said, "They're really not that bad."
"Common sense," he replied. "Look, it's just... She's clearly from another universe. She's not from our timeline. She can't be."
"Validation," Tony replied as DUM-E zoomed back to Steve with the ball in his claw, and he dropped it in Steve's offered hand, only to chase back after it when Steve threw it across the lab again.
"You're definitely feeling better now, aren't you?"
Because not only was that other body in much better shape than this one — more youthful, healthier — but when it came down to it, it was also much, much more attractive. His female form had practically been a work of art and beauty and symmetry and the perfect hourglass ratio of bust to waist to hips. He was younger in that body and pretty, and miraculously it didn't bear those ugly, ugly scars from reactor surgeries. This was the body he'd been born with, this was the body he'd thought he'd wanted to get back to for well over six months now, but ultimately it was nothing more than a step down, trading in a brand new car for a used model with too many miles and too many repairs under the hood.
"You have the manners of a Neanderthal," Tony said as Steve pulled the glass away from his mouth, but there was amusement rather than accusation in his voice.
"No."
"I was thinkin' more it's kinda like shooting fish in a barrel to school old white boys that don't know any better."
The others were quiet a moment before Natasha said, "I think Steve'll
"Got knocked out by an EMP, I think. Have to get it back to the 'jet and get it back online."
Life went on.
"I'm talking out in the field," Steve countered. "We need Maria back here."
He stared at Bruce then DUM-E then back to Bruce again before he said a simple and perplexed, "
. If that wasn't a good enough reason to be in pajamas at seven-thirty on a Friday night in May then what was?
"She knows you're talking about her," Bruce marveled and Tony grinned and winked at Olivia.
He'd married Howard Stark's
"Because. I know you don't want to hear it, Tones, but someone in
"Hey, don't complain," Bucky said and pushed into the room, Sam right behind him. "We come bearing presents for your little tax deduction."
"It's worse if you're having a girl, and the way I remember it, yours was pretty bad," Barton replied. "Also, I'm sure Bruce's told you. What's the fetal heart rate? Is it over 140?"
," Steve said, louder and more determined than previous, "and they all agree it's good to, you know, talk to the baby while it's, you know, still in the womb. So he gets to know our voices."
"He didn't actually
And also the telltale bulge of something sticking out of his ass.
"Are we interrupting something?" Tony asked, and Sam pointed at Bucky.
There was no question about it. It hadn't been a dream — it had been a...oh, who knew what it was. Some sort of weird time displacement thing. He supposed he'd find out in due time. Until then, the most he could definitively say was that it hadn't been a dream and he had seen his future and interacted with his future and met his husband and his daughter years before, well, either one of them had even been born. Sort of. From his perspective, anyway.
Tony motioned around them, spinning around with his arms open wide. "We're in the fucking boonies, Steve! No one around for miles to hear us! Cars on the highway are going by too fast to hear."
"It's not," Steve said, forcing himself to ignore Tony's hammy exaggerations, those things that always amused him the most about Tony. "You're so much better than that. You always were."
Welch shrugged. "To be honest, I'm not sure I find it either."
Steve nudged him over to the window, and he took a breath and steeled himself then went over and said a quiet, "Uh, Natasha S—
Hey, he was thirsty. And the carbonation didn't hurt too much.
She nodded, and he stood up and scooped her up into his arms, and she squealed with laughter and cried out a happy, "Papa!" as she wrapped her arms around his neck and let him carry her upstairs.
"Please stop talking," Tony said and slid off Steve's waist to sit beside him. "I really don't want to think about it."
The sounds of the game cut out, presumably having been paused, and Bruce said, "Uh, what?"
His eyes went wide. "Oh, you did not just say what I think you said."
"I think I did."
"It is. It's bad luck to have any of that stuff done beforehand. You wait until the baby comes, and then you worry about buying everything for it."
Rhodey just frowned and said a simple, "Why?" But there was the hint of a smile in his eyes, so Tony knew he wasn't really upset about the crack.
"Well," he said after a moment, "so long as it's his choice."
Steve's heart sank. "Yeah," he murmured.
"Good," he said with a nod then said, "Wait, before or after?"
"Hmm… Think you might be thinking of another Tony Stark."
He rolled his eyes. "Whatever," he said and turned back to her. "All right, Elphaba. Do your worst."
He blinked and acquiesced to her demand, and he saw panic looking back at him. "Tony, the Board. They're asking questions—"
Tony set the container of gelato down, and he went over and cupped his hands in front of Barnes. Natasha just raised an eyebrow and said, "You couldn't possibly want them."
" Tony asked.
"I know," she conceded. "Didja ever hafta be th' bad guys, Papa?"
"There was too much evidence to the contrary. The photographs and the filmstrips and the history books."
"When?"
"I'm serious, man. Captain America just told you how to hit on him. He gave you explicit instructions for how to hit on him. I think he, at least, is under the impression that this isn't an alternate universe."
"What? Why?" he asked and looked further down the bed where there looked to be one of those giant maxi-pads he'd spotted from before and…some sort of meshy-type underwear?
not wanting to think about that at the moment.
Steve pulled away from him, still holding him by the shoulders, and he shook him a little to get him to look up at him. Tony did and saw anger and hurt and confusion staring back at him, Steve's gaze raking over his face like he was trying to find evidence that Tony was joking or wasn't fully serious about what he'd just said.
"He's a good student."
"It worked, didn't it?" Steve offered as a defense. "They didn't catch on to who we were or what we were doing. And, speaking of which—" Steve reached out and took the small blue bag from him over his protests. "I'll take care of that from here on out."
Fuck, what a lousy pun.
He turned back to the bookcase and eyed up a several-volume series that appeared to be about the war — World War II, it looked like they had settled on as a name — separated by years and theatres. His heart almost stopped when he saw one listed '1945,' and his fingers itched to grab it and see what falsehoods about the war Hydra had written. The years didn't go beyond 1945, so he could only assume that had been the end of it — or what Hydra wanted him to think was the end of it. He didn't know whether that was a good thing or a bad. The Allies hadn't been having such an easy time of it that winter, but Steve had no doubt in his mind things would pick up in the New Year. There was no way the Nazis — or Hydra — could win that war.
Yeah, much happier to have them
Tony blinked and turned his attention to him. "Uh, what?"
"A second chance?" Tony asked but still wasn't looking at him. "Look, take it from someone they used to call 'The Merchant of Death.' If I can get a second chance to prove myself, I think you should be able to, too."
He shrugged. "Do I have a choice?"
Steve didn't let him finish. "No! I mean, yes, you— I got that. I understood that. You're…you're a good teacher. But no, I," and he heaved out a sigh and said, "No, I did. I'm— I'm good. Thank you, Tony, for your help."
had to polish his shoes— And wait, you people all left, like, a good half-hour before us. Why does it seem like you're just arriving?"
He stopped abruptly and stole a glance at the opposite side of the road, at the overgrowth of brush and trees cast in shadows. Tony followed his look and said, "What?"
Rhodey let out a breath, and he patted Tony's back some more and said, "Yeah, but so's he— And don't even give me any of that 'he's luckier' crap. You're both lucky, all right? You're both lucky you found each other. Sometimes I think you're the only two that could actually handle each other."
of me."
"Papa!" she whined and hugged her arms around her belly. "I'm hungry! C'we have pizza?"
He shrugged some. "Well, I don't real—" He heaved a sigh. "I don't know anymore. I just know that I would never entertain
"Don't believe everything you read in the history books, Tony," he finally appeared to settle on. "It's not always as true as you might think."
Steve tweaked a tight smile, but he went quiet, and Tony sat back a little and watched as he pulled the empty bottle away from the baby and set it on the table.
Was it something he could do again? OK, no, this was probably not the best time to make this decision, but the fact of the matter was that he'd accepted that he wasn't ready to get pregnant again
Most of the perpetrators had the decency to look somewhat ashamed and repentant, and Steve lowered his head some and said, "Yeah, that…that wasn't the plan."
Bruce inhaled a breath through his nose and pulled off one full tube to replace it with an empty one. "You're not this stupid, Tony. You know what I'm talking about. Maybe this is how you get—"
"Oh, I know that," Bruce said. "That's why I asked. It's an early sign— If you had told me that it just started this morning, I would have said you probably have days to go—"
. Slowly spread me wide. Make me beg for your cock. Spread me open wide and make me beg for it. Rub me. Crane your fingers and hit me in the right place and get me so hard and desperate. Tell me I can't come unless I come on your fingers. Make me cry and beg you to put your dick inside me, the corset so tight on me that I can barely breathe from—
"No," Steve said, "it's a lot more believable." He swung the shield out and cracked a Hydra agent in the skull, sending the poor bastard bleeding to the ground, and Tony turned and fired a repulsor at another one that had snuck out of the bush.
"Hmm?"
Why shouldn't she show up at Steve's birthday?
He put his arms out. "Just do it. Change me back—
"In this case, you
She shrugged yet again and took a sip of her drink, and Steve scowled and said, "I don't like it. He had to know the team was going to be here—"
"No, not really," he said and poured himself another splash. Tony made a face, but Steve shot him a pointed look and said, "I've swallowed your come before. Is this really any worse?"
"Well, clearly something happened that made this guy write article after article questioning the heroism of Captain America and whether or not he's really a 'hero' in the first place."
…came over him, and he raised an eyebrow and said, "You, huh? You know, you and Buck seem to be getting along pretty well."
He dropped his hand away once he determined that Steve wasn't going to argue with him, and Steve exhaled a breath and said, "I just want him to… I just want him to be OK."
Tony frowned. "Yeah, back when he hated me—"
"You're so full of shit. Sarah."
"And do they say it a lot?"
Tony ripped the magazine out of his hands before he could finish his thought, and he turned to Tony, mouth flat, as Tony folded up the magazine and tossed it back onto the table ahead of them.
"That's one way of putting it," he said, finishing with one and moving to the other cuff.
He was sure someone had tried to dig up some information about how he was really locked away in some facility, hooked up to machines that were keeping him alive — either because of a botched suicide attempt (
"Sorry, man, that's what it sounds like."
"So, was Tony serious about it?" Sam asked, and Natasha shrugged as she let Bucky play with her hand.
Concern was etched over Steve's face, and Tony watched as Steve's gaze skirted all over his face as he looked for evidence that Tony wasn't as well as he was claiming to be.
that Steve was still alive, was still with them, would still come home to them, no matter what the people on TV said, and no matter what Natasha's eyes said as her mouth paid lip service to his delusion.
She stopped massaging his neck and instead put her hands on his shoulders. "It's all right. You didn't know any better."
"Oh, good, the Bobbsey Twins are here," Tony muttered.
He found him in the hangar, discussing something with Steve, who was already suited up, shield clamped to his back, and ready to depart. He went to make headway toward them, but he stopped a moment, the low, persistent ache in his back seeming to radiate. He rubbed his back and wondered if he'd pulled a muscle or something when he'd
"Jeez, Stark. You know, I realize women in your condition are prone to exhaustion—"
"Yeah, sure, kid."
"So, does this mean you won't make me drink it instead of coffee?"
"Just don't tell Steve about it," he said with a shrug. When she didn't seem all that impressed by his suggestion, he added, "Fine. Any Hydra goons within reach?"
"I don't know if we have—" He finished the rest in a grumble as he went back over to the fridge. He scanned over the contents and found what looked like a bottle of orange juice. He picked it up and showed it to her. "Will this do?"
"Oh, shit, you weren't supposed to know about that."
Sam nodded at the monitor. "He's over in the atrium with Nat and Potts. Seems to be more interested in whatever's on his phone than whatever Nat and Potts are discussing."
"It's called being an attention whore."
Steve grinned to himself and took the rest of the steps two at a time, the sounds of grumbling and dishes banging together filling the background. Yeah, Tony was going to be pissy with him now over the dishes in the sink, but once they’d gotten the baby settled, he was pretty sure he could think of some pretty filthy ways to make it up to him.
Steve went to reply, but Barton put his glass to his lips again and said, after answering Bruce's question about proper stud placement, "Of course I'm right. I'm right about everything."
"You know how," Tony muttered, which earned him nothing but a laugh.
"I'll do it," Barton said without a thought. He turned to the others. "OK, show of hands — and remember, we're all friends here — how many of you would rather follow me than Adonis and Aphrodite here?"
She continued to grin, and she did that little coy and bashful maneuver that little kids liked to do when they were teasing or lying to adults, and she said, "You know who," like Tony was supposed to know what she was fucking talking about.
Tony startled as the barista held his tea out to him, and he tweaked a smile at her, took the beverage, and then carried it over to the table. He stood there for only a moment before he said, "I don't usually come to this part of the city for a number of reasons, but I've been to worse, so I guess I really can't complain."
Oh, god, they didn't have some sort of 'daddy kink' in that other world, did they? Not that there was anything wrong with that. The Cap was technically older than he was, even if he looked older than the Cap, and the Cap was taller than he was and more muscled and...
"Hmm?" Steve asked and erased a fudged line. "Nothing."
"That's not what I was going to say," Pepper replied then took his arm and said, "Come on. Let's get off the dance floor."
"It's a kids' movie," he explained to Barnes then turned to Wilson. "An alternate-universe kid of mine. Showed up a couple of years ago. Drove me nuts. Didn't stay long."
it was embarrassing.
He laughed.
still here." He jabbed the gelato with his spoon. "Good, ol'
"'—yeah, well, thing is, it wasn't enough excitement for me. So, I said fuck this and decided to become an Avenger.'"
"It's not," Tony said. "It's a cookie cut out of Black Widow."
Steve nodded. "I fully agree with that."
— Tony hadn't gotten over him any more than he'd gotten over Tony. As the video played, a conversation from a lifetime ago began to repeat itself in his mind.
"Yes," he whispered.
"What's wrong? What happened?"
Steve laughed a little. "I don't think so, honey."
Tony closed his eyes and smiled, reveling in the feel of comfort and assurance that Steve's words offered. "I'm gonna hold you to that, old man. You know that, right?"
"What kind of lights are those?"
He tilted his head some, his brow knitting in something that looked like a strange combination of understanding and disappointment. "I'm too close?"
"Why the hell don't they tell people about this?"
Fuck, Steve was weird sometimes.
Steve nodded at him. "That rocking chair." He motioned beside him. "The bassinette." He nodded his head in the direction of the next room. "That room full of furniture."
But Rhodey just blinked at him and said, "No, seriously, where'd the food come from? You order out? I would've gotten something."
He looked down at his naked form, at the small belly that bulged out in front of him, at breasts that just wouldn't seem to stop growing. He felt the baby move within him, and he reached down and tried to comfort himself with the touch again, but the shitty bathroom light reflected off the ring on his finger, drawing his attention to that.
"Really-really."
But Steve knew Tony wasn't only talking about the time when he replied, "Never too late."
Well, he supposed he knew what he was getting into getting mixed up with a nonagenarian.
"Very," Natasha said, glass at her lips, "but we figure we'll keep you around anyway."
. Period," he said. "And don't listen to anything Fury says about Howard loving me deep-down or whatever bullshit he comes up with in his super-secret spy cave. Howard had no use for me from the day I was born except to figure out a way to synthesize a new element."
at Tony's naked female form. Tony
Tony brushed the tears away and sniffled. "It has
Tony just stared at him, opening and closing his mouth a few times without uttering a sound.
Just as he'd suspected. Unfortunately. He pulled out the first article of clothing, an eggplant- colored padded underwire bra, and Pepper had to hide a laugh behind her hand while Steve looked on in amusement and intrigue.
"Oh, good you're familiar with his work," Other Tony muttered at what was presumably Tony's very bad job of hiding his shock and horror.
attracted to you. Trust me."
He scurried on down and yanked open one of his desk drawers, and he was just about to shove the box in and be done with it when a glint of gold caught his eye. He left the box on the tabletop ahead him then reached in and pulled out the bit of shining metal, holding the band in the palm of his hand as he weighed its significance. He frowned at it a moment then took it between his thumb and forefinger and slipped it onto his left ring finger. Even with the added weight and water retention, it still was too loose, and so he pulled it back off and went to put it back in the drawer for safe keeping, only holding back at the last second when he realized that the desk drawer in his lab probably wasn't the best place to keep sentimental bits of jewelry that he would never be able to wear again unless he got it resized so that it fit his smaller hand.
"What if I wanted to stay like this? What if I was enjoying this?"
"Yeah, people have a lot of misconceptions about our relationship. But I'm serious, Steve. I'm not letting you go without a fight, and god forbid
, his mind supplied automatically, but Steve wasn't there — god, why wasn't he there? He should have been there! — and so he looked up at Natasha and said, "You don't have to, but…"
"Why not?" Bruce asked.
"No?" Tony asked and tilted his head but didn't break their locked gaze. "Then why are you so bound and determined to get me to change my mind?"
just go and relax, OK?"
"Jane? No," Tony said then jerked his head at Darcy. "That one? Yeah, wouldn't have been my first move."
He reminded Bruce when he saw him in the kitchen while he was stealing coffee and a bagel (Tony was stealing; Bruce was sitting and eating something he thought came out of a box labeled 'Kashi'). Bruce made a face and said he would probably be coming down with the flu that night. Barton, who was coming into the kitchen just as he was making his way out, hedged a bit and said he'd
God, what would his mother say about this?
gave me the idea? Please. Weren't you the one that said not to buy anything because Steve wouldn't like it?"
Tony startled and dropped the soldering iron on the table. He looked up to see Natasha strolling oh-so-casually into the lab, dressed like she'd just come straight out of the field.
Steve was quiet for a moment before he said, his voice just above a murmur, "I wish you could have been there, too. 'Course, if you looked like yourself, they'd probably arrest us. Two fellas carrying on like that—"
"What?"
DUM-E cheeped and beeped and whirred like he'd just won the lottery (he wouldn't put it past that little bastard trying to play the lottery, to be honest), and he sped on over and stopped just beside Barnes, who looked up at the giant hunk of metal above him and made a face at it before he turned to Tony.
"You're eating a lot," Steve mused.
Tony winced away. "I'm sorry.
Steve hadn't come back by the time Tony crashed and had to be put to bed.
"Tony, I just don't want—"
"Uh oh," was all she could be bothered to say.
Tony grinned at him and nodded lasciviously while Steve said, "First name was easy. We both wanted to name him after our best pal."
Tony practically cried when he was met with that news the next morning, Hill, Natasha, Rhodey, and Bruce sitting in his kitchen and helping themselves to some sort of bountiful breakfast spread that had to have been delivered while he was still passed out in his big, empty, cold, barren, lonely bed. Sleeping alone for the night had been bad enough. Steve's presence was a sturdy rock for him to relax against and content himself with, and not having that, well,
Steve took a quick, nervous look around the establishment, and Tony frowned at him, almost in sympathy.
"Fine," he said and took it in his grasp. "You may stay, too." He moved over to Barton, who, without prodding, pulled off some shell necklace thing from his neck and handed it over.
"But it's a waste of money."
live with me being a woman the rest of our lives?"
They ate in silence for a few moments before Steve said, "You know, I really don't remember it."
"You got a fella pregnant?" he finally asked.
for them, and Barnes looked at him and said, "You have money?"
"Nice to meet you, Steve. I'm Tony Stark. I'm head of R&D for Stark Industries, which is just a fancy way of saying I get to spend my entire day playing with stuff. I like to build things. I'm really just a glorified mechanic. I like jelly doughnuts a little too much. I once knew this guy that used to tell me one day I'd go into the hospital for chest pains, and they'd find jelly filling instead of plaque in my arteries. I sometimes get a little too lost in my work, and I lose all track of time."
"No," Steve said as he turned around. He pecked a kiss against Tony's lips then set one of the plates down in front of him. "Told you I'd be home," he said, unable to hide the smug preen in his voice, "and I even brought dinner. Looks pretty good if I say so myself."
But the words didn't bring him relief or a sense of calm nor did they induce panic. They didn't do…anything, really. It was a boy. They were having a boy. Somehow, he knew he should have been relieved by this, but he wasn't. Actually, if anything, he was actually a little…
"So I hear."
But everyone enjoyed spending time with the baby, happily stealing her out of Tony's or Steve's arms if given half a chance, even if Steve hovered over them like a hawk, no doubt to ensure that none of them did anything stupid like drop her accidentally. Barnes, no surprise, was the first one to break, snapping at Steve, "Would you stop breathin' down my neck? I'm not gonna drop her."
"Fine," he said with a lazy shrug. "Just peachy."
"No, something's wrong. What's wrong? You never pass up a chance to argue with me, and I just said something you would ordinarily consider a bald-faced lie."
Even if Agent's number had fit him beautifully in all the right places, much more appealing than what this current utilitarian number was doing for him. Though that ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio was still there. Thankfully.
Tony's stomach dropped out from under him. Fuck. He'd forgotten about this.
Steve Rogers — Captain America — was Olivia's 'Daddy.' He was 'Papa,' and Cap — Steve — was 'Daddy.'
. Jesus.
Maybe she'd just hit him with a placebo.
Steve just stepped out of the way of a speeding DUM-E, who had a wet and used mop in his claw. He watched after him a moment then nodded his head at the 'bot.
"James
"Yeah, isn't he supposed to be
"Yeah," Other Tony said, nodding, staring at it a moment — was he staring at the
"Oh, god," he muttered. "It's too late for me, isn't it? I'm not just physically a woman, am I?"
"He doesn't have to. He
"Uh, you heard about our super-powered fistfight we had at my birthday party, right?"
"Wait, are you trying to tell me something?"
"I know, but you need to eat. When's the last time you ate?"
"What's the yucky stuff?"
"He's not dead," was Barton's reply, and with the knowledge that Thor would be there to grab the suit momentarily, he took off toward the 'jet, Barton yelling, "Stark! Stark, wait!" behind him. He passed Thor on the way back to the jet, and he ran up the ramp and up to the table where Steve lay sprawled out, stripped down to the waist, Bruce tending to his wounds.
" he asked after she'd dropped her hand. Not that he was insulted or surprised, he just… didn't think Happy had it in him.
"Jerk," he muttered but still weaved his way out of the line and went over to the last empty table he could find. He sat down, twitching his nose at some smears of ketchup (he hoped it was ketchup) that were left on the table and dug through his bag again for his phone. He pulled it out and checked for any new messages since the last time he'd looked at it and saw there was one.
Steve just continued to rock the plug against him, and Stark let out a strangled cry as he pressed his forehead as hard as he could into the table.
"I'll send Nat up when I see her," Bruce called out.
He used finger quotes on the word, and Barnes snorted a laugh.
"Yeah!"
seen better days."
Steve sighed, and, fork stuck in the container of lo mein, he dropped his head some and said, "I'm not going to win this one, am I?"
I'm not really…or maybe I am. I don't know. I mean, I still
And apparently all the city clerks on duty that day, who Hill later informed him had taken sworn oaths and signed non-disclosure agreements to prevent any of what had happened that day from leaking to the media. Tony really wasn't sure he trusted that, but whatever, nothing he could do about it now.
Steve reached up and took a gentle hold of Tony's wrists, holding his hands against his face. He closed his eyes and turned his head some, and he pressed a gentle kiss against Tony's palm then nestled his face gently against the marked skin.
"—look, I don't know if you heard him, but I'm healing
He'd name Darcy as 'Exhibit A' for that latter one, but Jane was 'and Company,' and there was no question in his mind that if Jane showed up, so would Darcy. Hell, even if Jane
Olivia nodded. "Yeah. She's two. She's quieter 'n me. Papa says she's more like him and I'm more like Daddy. Unca Hawky says I'm fulla piss'n vinegar."
Truthfully, Tony didn't know. He was laboring under the assumption — OK, maybe not the best word choice there considering his condition — that he would go back to his normal body as soon as this…job of his was through, but truth be told, there was no way to know that that was even the case. Would he just turn back automatically? Would Esmeralda have to turn him back? Would she even
and stuff." She made a face like this was the worst thing she'd ever seen. "But usually when you're talkin' 'bout him, you call him 'Daddy.'"
"Well, now I just sound like a dick."
"Oh, great," he muttered and flexed his hand a few times. Steve was right. His hands were smaller, more delicate. "Where the hell did they go?"
Barnes nodded at the agent, evidently deciding that was the way he was going to take the question. "He down for the count or—?"
Every eye in the room turned on them, and after a moment of silence, Barton said, "Uh, I just meant it as a power thing. I didn't know it was a sex kink, too." He looked at Steve and added, "Wait, you're not getting off on us calling you 'Cap,' are you?"
, was he? Is it possible this was less the work of aliens and more the work of doctors performing the best sex-change operation yet? You know, Tony Stark makes a very attractive woman, but he should
"That's not what I mean—" Bruce tried to say with a shake of his head.
"I think that's a
He nodded his head in Olivia's direction, but Tony waved him off and said, "No big deal. Nothing else much to talk about. Pep and I will be fine. It wasn't meant to be anyway."
"He is
"No! Dear god, I am burning these clothes. Do not ever leave this
"That doesn't mean any—"
"Would you let me finish? It's because, of the two of us, you're the neater one."
He closed the door behind him, and he set the clean clothes on the sink then went about stripping the wet ones from his body. Much to his grief, his cock yearned for attention, and thoughts of Tony's lithe, lean, sinewy body in mind, he closed his eyes and reached down to palm himself, the flush covering his face equal parts embarrassment and arousal. He wanted to say it was Tony's fault for mentioning the fact that they had explored every square inch of each other's bodies, but it was nothing but his own fault for finding the thought of that so absolutely tantalizing that he wanted Tony to show him exactly
"Nah, I'll send her father down for it," he told JARVIS then called out, "
"Steven?" he asked as Steve led them in then closed the door behind them.
"You know that car's in a chop shop in Hoboken by now."
"And it totally doesn't count!" Bucky added. "Steve doesn't even know if it counts. Therefore, it doesn't count."
part of it right now. But the fact of the matter was he hadn't known. Steve had, and evidently Bruce and the doctor had. But he hadn't. He hadn't cared.
"Yeah, well, he hears my voice every day," Tony said and shoved the other half of the sausage link in his mouth.
, but if his Tower was really under attack from the inside — look at what being fucking
Tony reached over to set his hand on Steve's thigh. He gave it a gentle squeeze and said, "Steven, you are
"I know what the doctor just said, but I also know how
A reason that had everything to do with hormones racing through his body that hadn't been there a month or so before.
Thor closed his mouth, and he nodded and made a motion for Barton to continue. "As I was saying—"
This seemed to catch both hosts off-guard.
"It got us to this point, didn't it?" Tony said, and that was the end of that.
"God, does this ever go away?" he muttered. He rubbed a hand over his face before he reached up and grasped hold of the hair atop his head and pulled on it some, a nervous habit more than anything else.
"So," she said after they'd been left alone for a few minutes, "was it really that bad?"
Steve laughed just a little, and he nodded his head and tightened his arms just the slightest and said, "All right," before sealing the deal with a soft and warm kiss against Tony's mouth.
…experience I've ever had, but, as an experience, I'm kind of ready for it to be over. I'd like to go back to the way I was."
" He pulled away from Steve to look at him. "You don't— Please tell me you did
"Have we been here before?" he asked as he followed Tony down the sidewalk. He saw a lighted awning up ahead that looked like it had the name 'Spring Palace' printed on it, so he figured that was the storefront they were heading toward.
ridiculous bash, Steve! It was for both of us."
the only reason you're marrying me?" Steve mused with a quirked smile.
Tony grinned, and Steve attempted something of a smile that came out more like a grimace while Olivia just looked confused. Tony hit a button, and the image was captured on the cellphone. He held it up to show Steve, and though Steve cringed at the face he was making — not exactly his best but not really looking all that different from other photos he'd seen of himself — Tony laughed a little and said, "Yep, that's one of your selfies, all right."
The elevator dinged and the doors slid open, and as he put one foot out, he heard the unfortunately familiar voice of someone that he was totally going to lock out of the floor one of these days.
"Yeah, but he just—"
"Ugh," the person said, "this shit has the consistency of motor oil. How can you stand it?"
Steve raised a pointed eyebrow at him, and Tony huffed.
Steve met his gaze and raised his eyebrows. "
Tony tweaked a smile and said, "Uh, yeah, but unlike you losers,
She shook her head. "He didn't have to tell me. Not in so many words. It's more in what he
"Colostrum," Steve repeated. "It's what the body produces before it produces milk. It's a thick, yellowish substance—"
"Look," Barnes said. "I know what I… I know—"
at it. When it all boiled down to it, cooking was about creation, and if there was one thing Tony Stark was a master at, it was creating things.
they have the legs to pull it off, but Jesus— I mean, didn't they have
But he was an orphan. Tony was an orphan. They both knew what that was like, and Steve would never wish that kind of pain or struggle on any kid.
"Hey, stop!" Jane told her then turned a softer smile on Tony again. "So," she said, eager to have knowledge imparted on her, "what's it like?"
, Bruce—"
him," Tony pointed out and then looked at Hill and Natasha, who were just standing around, drinks in-hand, watching the shit-show. "Are you just going to stand around and let this happen?"
He huffed and took it in hand. "OK, but this will only suffice because this coffee sucks."
He pulled open a cabinet door and groaned at what he found there, but he didn't feel like cooking, there were no bagels or pastries to be had, and toast would take too fucking long to make. Yes, toast. Shut up.
"Yep, heard it, got it, on my way, J," he said then turned to Barnes and said, "Uh, you hanging out down here or—?"
He ignored them, figuring that acknowledging their gazes would be the wrong move, and instead moved over to a panel entitled 'Love from London.' There was a write-up of the photographer's exploits in London during 1964 and a portrait of her looking younger and more innocent, the makeup less pronounced and her dark-blonde hair done up in a very neat bouffant with the bangs combed to one side and the flip at the ends resting just above her shoulders. The famous Tower Bridge was set in the background with the Thames taking up parts of the middle and foreground. He skimmed the write-up because he didn't have much else to do, finding that she'd acted as a 'correspondent' of sorts for various American magazines about the 'hip' scene going on in London at the height of the so-called 'British Invasion.' Evidently, her tagline had been 'Love from London,' and the cynic in him wondered if she was nothing more than a PR stunt thought up to exploit the American obsession with all-things-British during that brief time period. Probably, as the write-up seemed to indicate that her series of 'letters home' only lasted about a year.
It was hard to say that for certain, though. He didn't talk much, and Tony got the feeling that Steve was expecting more of Barnes than Barnes would be able to give — at least yet — but he was good for a look or a crack every now and then, and later that afternoon, as they packed up their stuff to take back to the city, Steve scratched the back of his head and said, "Uh, honey?"
He went in and closed the door behind him, and he dropped the bag on the floor and felt another upheaval of tears. He put a hand to his abdomen and took several deep breaths to try and stop them, but it became too much, and he choked out a sob and let the tears flow once again.
"Oh," Tony said, "is she telling you all about her plans to be the third Stark to attend MIT? Legacy, Steve. She'll be a legacy enrollee — but the good kind that actually deserves to be there and not some idiot that's only there because Daddy has a lot of money."
Bucky nodded some more, and then he let out a breath and shrugged a little. "I mean, not that it really matters. We're not her godparents, so..."
"What?" Steve asked, and Tony could see him frowning in the periphery.
Tony was staring out the window beside them at the scarce amount of traffic, and Steve cleared his throat and stuck his hand out.
"In answer to your question," he said and opened his eyes again to look at Bruce. "Yeah, sort of. I mean, I didn't tell him
He wanted nothing more than to cradle that beautiful idiot in his arms and forever shield him from all the ills of the world because, well…
Bruce chuckled a little. "Steve's saliva really disgusts you
"He's not gonna stop," Natasha warned and side-eyed Sam.
of stuff I miss about being a guy, yeah, there's going to be some stuff I miss about being a woman. And
"About
He tilted his head forward a little, his blue gaze locked into Tony's brown, and squeezed his hands ever so gently. Tony, however, just huffed out a breath.
"Is what?"
Tony shrugged a little and looked over at Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dum. "So, does Thor know anybody that could do, you know, either?"
Steve closed up the folder and tossed it back onto the desk where he'd found it. "I just wanted to see something."
"Damn it. I liked this shirt," he said and looked down at what he'd done.
"What? No, that's not what I—"
But he needed a grinder, too, for the beans, and so he went over to the space on the counter where that was usually kept.
"But would you—?"
Steve exhaled a heavy breath and looked at Tony. "I don't think we have much of a choice. The public deserves to know, and you deserve to not have to hide in the shadows anymore."
"JARVIS, it's Tony. Trust me," he said. "Please just run the full body scan for him. We need to find out if there're any potential issues we need to be made aware of."
It wasn't ideal, no, and it wasn't what he wanted (god help him — as it turned out, he
"Oh, come on, Steve," Bucky said and stood back up.
"I call you 'old man,'" Tony reminded him, and Steve made a face.
volunteered. You followed me."
"Look, guys?" Barton said, cutting in and earning death glares from both of them. He shivered and said, "Uh, yeah, look, clearly you two have a
Maybe.
Tony glanced up and tilted his head to the side like he was considering this, and he rocked from side-to-side like he was testing something out before he said, "Kinda sore, but in a good way, I guess. Never had it there before. I mean, until, like, an hour ago, I never had one of those before. It definitely... It has its perks. Lot to be said for natural lubrication."
was surely going to go over like a lead balloon.
"Mmm…little early for that, isn't it?" Tony asked with a yawn and settled into the couch, nestling his head on one of the pillows thrown there.
not have been entirely truthful with you about her family — or
Barnes shook his head. "Fucker's not on my team. I don't care."
," Steve said. "
Tony just snorted a slight laugh. "Look, Cap, if there's one person on this planet that's allowed to dick around for an unspecified amount of time to 'find himself,' I think it's the poor schmuck that got pulled out of the ice that was his tomb for seventy years. Fuck, you think I'd be adjusting any better if someone threw me seventy years into the future? Or worse — seventy years into the past? I know I like to tout myself as a futurist, but I'm pretty much useless without Pep or Rhodey there to kick my ass. If I lost them…"
Tony raised an eyebrow at both of them.
those ten pounds exited from?"
Thor followed after them, and after he'd gone, Tony said, "Well, that was a stimulating conversation."
Tony raised an eyebrow. "What? Trying to say I should just give in and get in touch with my feminine side?"
modeled in Tokyo?" Tony asked and turned to Natasha. "That wasn't just part of your—
"Yeah," he said with an exhale of breath. "Yeah, sure."
"What's the matter? What happened?"
going through all of this. He couldn't
Steve snorted out another laugh.
had ever thought Steve was cut out for spy work. The guy wouldn't know subtle sometimes if it hit him in the face with a 2x4.
Tony was silent a moment, and he sipped his juice then said, "And that's a bad thing?"
"And I'm a little put-out that the thought of sex with me is suddenly such a chore for you."
But Steve shook his head. "That's not what I mean. I mean you want me to… You don't want me to disguise myself? When we go out, you want me to look just like…"
"—I guess it's just…"
Steve just settled Olivia into the crook of his arm and wiped her mouth and chin off with her bib. "Honey, I don't think she did it on purpose."
"It's not a dude," Rhodey said, his voice flat.
But Steve ignored him and continued, "—and I think it might be a good idea for both of us. If we're really doing this thing." He went quiet a moment and turned to look at him. "Are we really doing this thing?"
The little girl slouched in her hair, shoulders down, bottom lip pushed out, the makings of tears in her eyes. "I miss Daddy."
Oh, yeah, that… That was a good point. A really good point. A terrifyingly good point.
Tony might have been the one to do the work, but he'd been pretty much dead set against reading anything that could be of benefit to him. Steve supposed he understood. Hell, Tony was probably in shock for almost the whole pregnancy, still not believing that it was really happening to him. So, that left Steve to pick up the slack, and he picked it up with aplomb, reading and researching everything he could get his hands on or what came to mind. He wanted to know. Pregnancy and childbirth had been pretty much a mystery back in his day — something best left to the 'professionals.' There were a great many things he loved about the future, but one of the things he loved most was how accessible information was. Everything and anything he could possibly want to know was at his fingertips morning, noon, and night. And so he read. And researched. And planned. And calculated. If Tony didn't want to know, then Steve was going to learn enough for both of them. And it was a good thing he had because Tony, even if he'd never admit it even to himself, had relied on him for information and guidance. No, Steve didn't know everything he was doing, but he knew a lot, and online videos — such a great help. It wasn't always easy getting a visual from words printed on a screen, and the demo videos he'd found online were a godsend. That didn't mean he'd gotten everything on the first try. Diapers in particular were a bit tricky, as was bathing, at first, when she was so young and slippery. He liked to think he was an old pro at things now, though he knew there were still stumbling blocks that lay ahead.
"Stark," Barton said, "if anyone in this room is in danger of flying too close to the sun, it's you."
Tony tilted his head some but still didn't break their locked gaze. "Why not?"
"Are you fucking kidding me?" he muttered, and Steve, his curiosity (among other things) aroused, couldn't help but watch as he worked at finding some way of comfortably folding his arms, hesitating at each instance where he knew it would be a failing prospect, before he finally seemed to settle on folding his arms beneath his breasts and pushing them up to all but cradle and nestle them in the fold of his arms. The motion pushed them up and together, and Steve, for the first time in his life, finally, truly understood the term 'heaving bosoms.'
Tony pulled out his phone, and Steve watched as he tapped his thumb against it at lightning speed. "Oh, Bruce won't be back for the rest of the day. Got caught up with a thing, as it turns out. Just gonna be the two of us." He peered up at Steve from under dark, feathery lashes as he stuck his phone back in his pocket. "I hope that won't be a problem."
Whatever. It wasn't haute cuisine.
Steve just exhaled a breath, arms folded and sour look on his face. "I guess," he muttered. "Have any ideas for how we're going to do this?"
Steve stared up at him a moment before he shook his head a little and dropped the fork and the spoon he was using to serve himself and took the bottle from Tony, staring at it a moment before he set to shaking it up.
Steve walked over and stood beside Tony, and he put a gentle hand to Tony's side and rubbed it then bent down a little and kissed Tony's forehead. Tony closed his eyes at the feel of Steve's soft, warm lips against his forehead, Steve's hand firm and possessive on his side. He hummed a little, this time in contentment, and Steve chuckled and turned his head some to rub his cheek against Tony's forehead.
"Nah. I had Natasha drop me off."
legs up and tucked them beside her. "Just an observation," she said breezily, and as Tony sighed and explained — again — why he and Steve had chosen Pepper and Happy to be Olivia's guardians in the event of their untimely deaths, Steve let himself believe if only for that moment that it wasn't just a dream and it wasn't a hallucination. It was reality. He'd been shown a glimpse of his future at a time when he needed it most, and next year he would—
Steve nodded, and Tony smiled at him somewhat bemusedly and said, "You know, for a guy from the forties, you're surprisingly accepting of this whole thing."
"I know you're awake," the creature said, but there was a hint of a tease to his words. "Nat's right. You're a horrible liar."
pathetic, was it?
," he murmured in agreement.
should not be reading over my shoulder."
"How romantic," he muttered. "I'm such a lucky fella."
She just nodded and smiled a little, and she squeezed his hand again as the elevator opened, and Steve came into the room carrying a large cardboard shipping box. He stopped short when he saw Pepper and Tony sitting on the couch, and he glanced at Tony and said, "Uh…does she…?"
Tony didn't move a muscle except to say, "Why not?"
"Seriously?" Sam said, raising an eyebrow.
"What?"
Steve had to hand it to him. The guy was a hell of an actor. He could almost buy the routine. Almost.
. He could only think that any daughter he might have would be a pale imitation of that bundle of fury, one that could never live up to the memory of a daughter that was never truly
It was as he was padding his way into the living room, cup of coffee in one hand, tablet in the other, that JARVIS announced, "
"No."
"Good girl," Steve said, and Tony felt him leave for a moment before he was back again. "Hold your hands in front of you and put your wrists together."
had sex.
"Sit, Steve," he said, making himself comfortable on the coffee table and settling the child on his lap, the mugs pushed aside as he sat to face the couch. He turned up to look at him. "The sooner you do this, the easier it'll be for both of us."
Tony put his hands up. "Say no more,
But the commentator scoffed and shook his head. "
show up, Darcy probably would because, well, she'd been at the Christmas party, hadn't she? Had she been at the New Year's party? He'd been kind of sick that night and couldn't really remember (thinking he'd had a stomach bug — good god, if only he'd known!), but she'd been at his birthday party.
"Jesus Christ," he muttered. "Chew with your mouth closed. You're not a goddamned cow."
"And how did I know it would come back to Cap?" Bruce murmured, but Tony blatantly ignored him.
are you again?"
He tried to say 'Esmeralda,' but for some reason, he couldn't get the name out. The only thing he could seem to say was, "What if she's working with them? What if this is some crazy plot for them to get their hands on their very own super soldier?"
Look, he was not— The kid was scared. She was crying. Yeah, so some natural instinct had come over him, and he'd scooped her up like he was a pro. It didn't mean anything. He just… Was he supposed to let her think some horrible man was going to hurt them?
"I'm sorry," Tony said and turned a little in Steve's arms so he could direct his attention fully to
He laughed again and continued to rub his back. "Yeah, you are, and yeah, it does."
He shook his head to rid himself of that image if only so that the next time he had Steve's thick, red cock in his hand, he wasn't immediately brought back to this moment.
"That doesn't make any sense."
"Uh, as you so eloquently put it, I begged Steve to 'stick it' in me."
said you were here. How come you're here?"
But not only was the old codger alive, but SHIELD wanted him to join their super-secret boy band along with Tony and a bunch of other misfits. OK, not Tony because Romanoff had decided he wasn't good enough.
"I can't believe I'm about to utter these words," Steve said as he looked between them, "but Clint's more mature than you two."
Wait, hold on— Yep, his junk was there, too. Oh, happy day!
Tony sat in silence a moment and listened to the song, and he thought about the lyrics a second and said, "Trying to tell me something?"
Tony pulled away from Steve, and, still smiling at him, eyes focused on him, said to the collected group, "No one asked the rest of you to be here."
"But Tony Stark is Iron Man."
. And where the hell did she even come from? A
What home was left for him to go back to? He didn't have a home, come to think of it, not anymore, and not that he wanted to think about it. After his Ma had died, Bucky and his family had been all that he'd had in the world, and now Bucky was…gone too. Word got out that he had been the reason for that, he'd never be received at the Barnes' homestead ever again.
Steve nodded his head at Tony. "What you just did with your hands."
Determining that Tony was stretched enough, he pulled his fingers away, which earned him a little whine from Tony, and he applied a little more lube to his cock then suddenly realized that, while he was clean, that was still no excuse not to be careful about things—
"I thought he has a girlfriend."
"Tony—"
Bucky looked up from the acoustic guitar he was attempting to tune — a gift from Natasha, as it turned out — and he furrowed his brow at the box Steve held in his hand before understanding came over his face, and he shot a surreptitious glance at Tony and said, "Uh, yeah, we both kind of wanted to lay claim to it."
