But when Dean steps into the mouth of the corridor (not before grabbing his coveted meatball sub from the table), Castiel doesn’t seem worried at all.
And he suspects, when Dean starts mouthing wetly over his ear, that this is a
Dean looks at him as though he’s just spoken in a foreign language. Finally he shakes his head. “Cas, man, no. It’s not like that. It was just– We don’t know how angel-proofed the bunker is, and we’ve got Kevin living there, and Crowley– it just– it seemed like a better idea for you to keep moving.”
The scene is cut mercifully short by another “freeze,” and Castiel is tapped out next, allowing him to rejoin the rest of the class in the audience. His hands are still warm where they’d touched Dean, his shoulder still burning with the contact. He doesn’t want to have a crush on Dean. The guy’s all hypermasculine swagger. But the crinkles at the edge of his eyes when he smiles, the way his smile opens wide and easy – they hypnotize Castiel. It’s like being dragged underwater, watching him. Castiel loses his breath, and the rest of the world goes muted and dim. There’s only Dean, and Castiel can’t look away.
Well, maybe once or twice late at night. But that’s nobody’s business. He suddenly, desperately hopes that’s not when Cas was looking in on his mind.
“What do I do?” he calls down.
Castiel turns, rolls his ass against Dean’s erection, a silent and insistent
Dean sighed and unbuckled his belt. Under different circumstances, he might like doing that too, he thought, with a cursory glance at Castiel’s arms and chest, grown strong and hard through adversity. For now, though, it was merely a matter of survival. He fitted the belt deep into Castiel’s mouth and set to work.
Wait, what the frak? Angels?
“But, I thought we were looking at how the stars were billions of years ago, cause of the speed of light.”
“Cas,” Dean says, rushing to him, “go back to bed, you’re gonna make yourself sick again.”
He reaches out and grabs one of Cas’s hands. Presses his palm against Cas’s palm, curls his fingers around Cas’s fingers. Holds it there.
"I remember you in heaven,” Samandriel says. “How moved you were, how convinced you were that free will and emotion were the keys to our new existence. Don’t you remember, Castiel? You were going to lead us into a new era.”
That’s what it’ll be, before he even says hello. Cas’s voice, low and weak, like gravel seeping into his ear.
They agree Dean will start the work next weekend, and Dean offers Castiel his phone number in case something comes up. They stand, a little awkwardly, in Castiel’s doorway to say goodnight.
Double that because when Jared gets Misha by the shoulders, Misha struggles, thrusting one shoulder forward, then the next, then trying to jab his elbows backward, and the taut line of his neck keeps twisting and stretching, revealing pockets of white skin where Jared tugs his shirt back. It makes Jensen itch, makes his mouth water. And he’s not the only one. A moment later Jared gives a low growl in the back of his throat and leans forward, sucking on the skin of Misha’s neck.
“Ah don’t know what y'all’re talkin’ about,” Dean said, chewing on his tobacco and then spitting, disgustingly, onto the sidewalk. “Ah’ve always been a cowboy, ever since my Mama bore me.”
She’s blinking away tears when Castiel reappears.
There's an interesting block of missing time during 9x06; it's night and they're in the car, Dean asks Cas "where to?" The next thing we know, it's morning and Dean's dropping Cas off at the Gas 'n' Sip.
Out goes part of a meatball.
Castiel as the name of a construction company. Nope. Dean wasn’t pulled out of hell by a pile driver or a crane.
“You don’t mind me thinking of something else? Or you don’t mind me looking at you?”
Peace of mind, maybe, but there will be no sleep, not right now. Castiel stands in his doorway, with one of those inscrutable Castiel expressions. This one Dean thinks might hold some relief and some lingering worry, but he can never be sure.
“Yeah, well, I didn’t.” Dena lifts a hand to Castiel’s hair, brushes it back over her ear. The intimacy of the gesture has Castiel tingling. “Cas,” Dena says, and stops, as though searching for words.
“Guess I should thank you for that.” Dean lifts his hand, touches Cas’s arm. Not for any particular reason. He just wants to.
Given the Dean she knows, and  the way he openly appreciates women, Charlie’s going to guess that the feelings either aren’t requited or aren’t admitted to. Which makes her sad. Because this book, if anything, has gotten her to like Castiel in a way that can’t be easily undone. No more of the hemming and hawing back and forth, thinking maybe he’s a jerk, maybe he’s a cold, heartless angel who doesn’t care who has to die to accomplish his objective.  This book has put those worries to rest. Castiel cares. And no matter what bad decisions he makes, you can’t erase the caring.
“Hey, Cas?” he says. “Could you… not?”
Brothers. Dean knows the word well. For a decade now, Sam’s been his only living family. And though he remembers having a father, remembers for a short time having something like a son, those experiences are in his past, and they might as well have come from another lifetime. Now, the only relationships he know are sibling ones. Sam, and Charlie, and Cas. At least, Cas should fit in that slot. But Dean’s not so sure he does.
“Great.” Dean slams his hands against the steering wheel. “Don’t just pop into my car, pop into my head, too.”
Castiel meets his eyes. “I can,” he says. But he doesn’t.
She should really stop reading these books. She should just ask Sam and Dean what happened and not look at it through the prism of this hyperbolic sellout of a writer just looking to sell books on the backs of her friends.
“Gravity,” Castiel says, pulling down Dean’s slacks with strong hands. “The attraction between two bodies of significant mass.”
“It was supposed to be ‘Stairway to Heaven.’”
“I thought that was the point,” Sam says, worried. “I back out of the trials and I get to live.”
“It doesn’t…?” Castiel looks… shit, does he look
Sunday morning and though there’s no sunlight in the bunker, the sensation of morning still comes, through circadian rhythms or maybe the scent of eggs floating down the hall from the kitchen. Either way, Dean’s awake, and Castiel is in his arms, a long stretch of warm humanity all tangled up with him like it was made just for that purpose. There’s not a part of him that doesn’t feel frigging perfect – not his arms, warm around Dean’s waist; not the rise and fall of his breathing; not even his feet, a little cold as they press against Dean’s ankles. Dean inhales, trying to process how something this right, this perfect, could have happened to him.
God, he just wants Cas back here if just for a moment, to share, to understand, to listen.
“Can we get the guy some freakin’ help already?” Dean snaps. “What’s the matter with you? Get him in the car.”
Instead, he musters up a lungful of breath. “I need to talk to you.”
“My mother didn’t like them in the house, to be sure,” Castiel replies. “But she did let me keep an ant farm. I would stare for hours at the tunnels they built. I felt as though I could somehow learn to understand them if I watched for long enough.” He stops and takes in a breath. “That probably sounds strange.”
And there’s the crux of the problem, isn’t it? That’s why Dean’s crude jokes keep rubbing Castiel the wrong way. He’s
Dean’s voice cuts through the darkness. “Cas,” he says, and that nickname in his voice is enough to set Castiel’s blood pumping anew. “Look, I’m running out of words here. Throw me a bone. Give me something.”
“Dean.” Cas’s voice. A hand on his shoulder. The expected panic doesn’t come with the touch; relaxation washes over him instead, and Dean opens bleary eyes as though compelled.
“Dean?” Castiel says, stepping forward. Dean goes back another step.
Jared and Misha wrestle. And do more. And Jensen joins.
“Oh?” Castiel’s expression darkens into a scowl. “How do you know that?”
Where the first part was a season finale sort of thing, this is sort of a what-happens-during-the-following-season-in-bits-and-snatches.
Did he really just think words came easier with old friends? He can’t think of a thing to say to Dean right now. He’d ask after Sam, but if Sam were anything but well Dean wouldn’t even be here, and any discussions of the two of them might lead back into the same debacle that ended up getting Castiel thrown out. That has to have been the reason – Castiel had been an unwelcome houseguest. He’d assumed too much, been too familiar. He can think of no other explanation, and he doesn’t want to expose himself to that rejection again.
Pressed to Castiel’s smiling lips.
“You’re not allowed to kill him,” Stiles says, raising his skinny arms and holding them wide, the worst goalie in history. Behind him, Derek, still reeling from the blow, looks up at the unfamiliar hunter through bleary eyes.
Castiel is mostly just interested in the concept of it. “It’s supposed to be pleasurable?” he says, holding it up, though they’re in the middle of the store (haunted sex toys, long story, don’t ask).
Dean leans forward. “Really!” he insists. “If anything, I’ve been trying to get you to react at all. I can’t figure out how to crack you, Cas. It’s a little infuriating.”
“Idiot,” Charlie said again. “The rounds didn’t do anything, the knife’s not gonna…” But her mind was whirling already on the
It scared Castiel? Castiel got scared? Mr. “I can throw you back in” gets scared? This is a new wrinkle. Charlie reaches for her chai and takes a sip. She’s going to need some more caffeine to process this.
Now some people stop and stare.
“And the very specific combination of mass and velocity that leads not to collision–” Castiel squeezes his erection– “but to orbit.” He traces a ring around the head with one finger, then lowers his head and does the same with his tongue. Dean feels his thighs tighten, his hips shudder with the urge to cant upward. He tries to refocus on the sky.
Nope. He’s the one who’s changed. He’s the one who’s gotta be twice as stand-offish and twice as careful as usual, because this time, he can’t tip his hand.
“I don’t?” Dean blinks.
His eyes flutter open again. “Cas,” he says. “Can you–”
is NOT LARPing!”
Somewhere between the first commercial break and the second beer, though, he finds himself slumping and is surprised at how comfortable it is. Dean’s breaths and occasional swallows next to him beat a quiet rhythm against the cacophonic noise of the movie, regulating him, making him relax despite himself. He allows himself a small smile.
“Own up to what?” Dean catches himself. “Don’t answer that.”
“Yeah, I… I can see that now,” Dean says. His rueful smile is fading from his face now, and sadness glimmers in his eyes. “I blew it. I’m sorry. Look, I’ll try not to get in your way anymore, but we
She thinks. Maybe. Possibly.
“No electricity on Shabbat,” Aaron says wearily. “He guilted me into it. Price of compliance is a bacon cheeseburger once a month. Once a month, Dean. I’m
“OK, let’s go for authenticity, then.” Dean tilts his head, thinking hard. “…Levi.”
And if Cas were to show up in the reflection of that blade on the wall (not that Dean’s been looking, hoping, with every pace), Dean would just turn, and not be able to speak, not until he was crushed against that damn coat, his head pressed into Cas’s neck just to breathe him, to smell skin and hair. And his hands would be fists clutching at as much as he could get at, coat and jacket and shirt if not skin, and he’d be hanging on like he was on the edge of that cliff, terrified to let go, terrified to fall thousands of feet into loneliness again.
“Uh.” Dean’s mouth opens stupidly. “Cas, this is pretty awkward.”
“Dean, I’m–”
Dean had been the one to take her advice first, and ever since that first kiss, things have been good. At least, between them. The world has gone to crap, as Dean likes to say, but they have each other.
This. This is what he’s been yearning for. Cas’ mouth on his mouth, the soft touch of his tongue, the feel of his hands in Dean’s hair and at the small of his back. Cas’ body, hard and solid but so responsive, first surging against his. Then pressed between Dean’s body and the wall. Then, at last, beneath him, on the bed, arching and shuddering as Dean takes him apart with tongue and fingers. Cas’ lips parted, soft gasps sucking in air, sharp cries letting it out. Cas’ hands, tentative at his waist, on his chest. Cas’ legs, wrapped around him.
“It is. There’s a shortage of nurses. We have to keep the hospital staffed all day long.”
Rock salt bullets, damn it. Bullets. “Nothin’.”
“Just let it go.” Dean’s surprised by the pleading in his own voice. “Just forget about it and then we can go back to being buddies again. No nerves, no nothing.”
Benny starts, but Charlie gives him the dagger-eye. “I told you, let us handle this.” She turns to Dean. “Look, I get the feeling, but you’re being a bit unreasonable, Dean.”
Castiel’s response is immediate and sober. “I’ve already told you. Because you are here.”
Dean nods, smiling a little. “Yeah,” he says. “It’s good to be back.”
Dean shrugs. “I was flirting with you,” he says, looking up at him now through half-lidded eyes. “Or trying. Like I said, I couldn’t get a reaction. So sue me, you’re cute.” He gives a halfhearted laugh. “I dig the method-actor thing. You’re intense, and I like it. It’s cool.”
He can’t tell, but he thinks probably Cas is smiling when he answers. “You’ll have it. Whenever you need.”
“Dean.” Castiel frowns his I’m-about-to-be-far-too-practical frown. “Leaving aside the fact that you seem to have just proposed to me, you do realize that I technically don’t exist according to the laws of this country. I have no birth certificate, identification papers…”
Which starts with Dean in a pinstriped suit and driving a Prius, and his last name is suddenly Smith, and Charlie’s confused enough to drop it for now.
“Did you not like it?”
Dena’s stare continues. There’s a wrinkle in her brow, a slight fold just over the bridge of her nose that could signify confusion or concern. Castiel isn’t sure which. She’s tempted to peek into Dena’s mind, just to find some resolution to the awful uncertainty. If Dena would just
“Well, go on,” Bobby prods, “or are you scared?”
“The blood-sucking thing,” Kevin points out.
Disappointing Cas, though, that’s another matter, and when he starts to move Cas shifts his shoulders and his lip trembles on the very, very edge of a pout.
Sam starts to snigger. Dean levels a dirty look at him.
Mostly, what he thinks is Cas and hot and skin. As in, Cas’s skin passes too easily past his hands, the smooth of his legs runs out too quickly, Dean needs miles more of it before he can even begin to be satisfied. Castiel once said his true form was the size of the Chrysler building. That might have been just about enough to slake Dean’s thirst, but this perfectly man-sized man is inadequate. Dean needs more to touch, more to hold.
so much.
So she goes back and reads the scene again where Dean and Sam come across an army of slash fans. Because imagining their faces in that scene cracks her up. Oh, if only she had been there to warn them.
You got to grip him tight once, and that was all.
Morning. Dim light rising over purgatory, light that doesn’t come from a sun, and Dean’s awake. Awake and alone, lying in the dirt, and when he opens his eyes he thinks he sees a tattered trenchcoat flapping at the edge of the clearing as Castiel stands watch. He doesn’t remember Cas getting up. He was that asleep. That far gone.
One side has eternity; the other, a future. He’s torn.
The grace pours out of him, white light and sparking heat, and he hurls it upward. Where it meets the portal, an explosion rocks both heaven and earth. A tree cracks open and falls. The sidewalk shudders and cracks. The sky splits apart.
Dean’s never gotten naked so fast.
Stiles looks over his shoulder. “No way. He’s trying to kill you.”
And then Castiel turns to him. And his face –
And damn if that angel doesn’t always know the right thing to say to get Dean to focus.
“But really? Mistletoe?”
Dean takes in a breath, lets it go, and smiles. “Tell me you got a spare copy at your place,” he says, “and I’m there.”
A stone of dread settles deep in Charlie’s stomach. If Castiel doesn’t want it to come to this, then what they need Dean for can’t be any good.
“It’s pleasant,” Cas says, and his eyes slit closed.
“Cas,” he says, but the line is dead. Cas is gone. And the sky is starting to darken, which means there’s no angels left in heaven for him to pray to that Cas doesn’t get himself killed out there.
“He thinks I can’t control the change,” Derek says. He takes a deep breath and puts a hand on Stiles’ shoulder, moving him away gently. “Hunter,” he says. “I get it. Most of the werewolves you’ve met can’t control themselves at the full moon. But look at me. Do I look like I have anything less than complete control over my transformation?”
“So it would be all right, then,” Castiel says, sudden and loud, “if I did it again?”
* * *
Aaron wrinkles his nose. “No way. Marvin’s not even a Jewish name. It’s a… a paranoid-android name.”
Mostly because she’s taken the bait immediately and is now wriggling like a fish on a hook, craving more.
He thinks it might have been Dean’s voice.
, but he realized how that sounded just in time.
“Yeah.” Dean smiles.
Alarm bells chime inside Castiel’s head. It’s a trap. He’ll make himself unwelcome again. “I don’t want to crowd you,” he says.
She wonders if the e-reader would survive her head being knocked against it. That seems the best way to alter what she’s reading at this point, or at least alter her understanding of it so it doesn’t offend
And there’s more that he doesn’t say, about why and why not and why now, and I don’t need to hear it.
Castiel stays away for a long time. His excuse is that he’s battling the Darkness as fiercely as he can, but Sam and Dean know better. Nobody wants to go back to a place they almost died, at the hands of their best friend least of all. Dean mopes about it for a time, but Sam keeps reminding him, you can’t blame the guy.
“Well. It’s good to know you’re out there, at least. Are you taking care of yourself?” Dean keeps the conversation going, but he’s still aware of the beating of his heart, of the weird, fuzzy warmth in the air around them. Has it always been like this? Intense, but weirdly comfortable? Maybe he’s just never noticed it before, because he’s never gone without it for so long.
He’s never gonna get used to how good Castiel feels in his arms, that strong slender back under his hands like it was built specifically to fit right there. And even if all that becomes old hat, the light in Castiel’s eyes when their gazes lock, right afterward, is still going to blow him away.
“The hell I would!” Castiel expected this, too. He waits for Dean to come back to himself. Dean looks at the floor, scratches at his hairline, shakes his head. “You’re right,” he says, “I would. Damn it.” He’s trembling with frustration. Castiel wants to reach out, to comfort him with a steady hand, but he doesn’t think it would help.
“Oh, shit,” she says, throwing up her hands. “I
Pressed into Dean’s hand.
Dean glances at him, then returns his gaze to the TV. “Nothing,” he says. “Never mind.”
“She’s scarier than he is,” Benny remarks.
One Hebrew exorcism (and some furniture breakage) later, Dean picks up some Manischevitz and invites the duo back to the hub for a drink.
Castiel almost stops him. Another rush of anger jars against his ribs. Dean has no right to say that, not after the last time. But a moment later Dean’s on top of him, easing his pants down and rutting their hips together, and Castiel is too lost in the sensation to ask questions.
Dean beams at him. “You kidding?” he says. “You’re this mature, solid guy who loves his daughter to death and works hard for her. What’s not hot about that?”
He gets another long, silent stare as a result. Gabriel takes in a quiet breath, then backs off a pace. “All right,” he says, “you win. I’ll back off. You won’t even remember this conversation.”
Castiel leans heavily against the back of Dean’s door. All the air seems to go out of him in a rush. Dean sits on the bed, blinking, and stares at him.
Rule 63 Dean/Cas (my headcanon is that girl!Dean would be Dena) and the prompt: "I just told you I liked you but now I’m shy and say “never mind, forget it” and why are you looking at me like that?"
He hums into Castiel’s lips. A few bars from “Stairway to Heaven.” Just because.
“No regrets,” he promises. “This is for real.”
And all at once Dean stops. He stops and he looks down at the place where Castiel’s fingers are spread. And for the first time since the Ferris wheel lurched into motion, there’s some color in his cheeks. It gives Castiel a bit of hope.
“Five to four?” Dean whistles. “That’s a long shift.”
“Yes, there is.” The words are out before he can help them.
It starts with Castiel tugging on Dean’s sleeve. Dean is about to grab a sub from the generous display Mom and Bobby ran out to get from the local Quiznos. It seems like a good day for meatballs.
They’re playing the old standard improv game of freeze tag. Two actors start a scene, usually a highly physical one; at any point, a member of the audience can shout “Freeze!” and “tap out” an actor, assuming his position and starting an entirely new scene. At the moment, Gabriel has been playing Castiel’s tailor, his arms outstretched as he measures the distance from Castiel’s shoulder to his wrist with an imaginary measuring tape. Dean grins as he makes his way forward, and, as Castiel feared, he taps out Gabriel.
Based on fanart from lettiebobettie.
The philosophical bent of the conversation is starting to make Dean nervous. “Anyway,” he blusters, “the point is, I get it. You miss her. You worry about her. That’s okay.”
“Oh, God,” Dean mumbles, and he doesn’t even know where his breath goes because there’s no room for it between him and Castiel right now.
But Jared’s center of gravity is too low, and he skids across the carpet but stays upright. Misha comes off the balls of his feet and wavers in midair a second, Jared’s arms tight around him, before he’s being thrown upside down and heading face-first for the rug.
Next thing you know they’re sitting around that map table, which fell dark again as soon as the angels stopped falling (around 2 a.m. last night, it was a hell of an angel shower), and Dean’s got his hands over his ears and is scowling as he says, “You did, didn’t you? You were dreaming about somebody’s rack.”
Doesn’t stop Castiel, in a loose-fitting plaid shirt that was Sam’s in his pre-Gigantor days, from watching Dean load bullets with rock salt for a  good ten minutes before clearing his throat. “Dean.”
“You should eat more meat,” he says, and Castiel closes his eyes, shakes his head. “I don’t feel comfortable being cruel to animals,” he replies, and it doesn’t matter how much Dean tries to convince him that the meat is already dead when it gets to Castiel’s kitchen, he won’t budge. More of his overwrought penance, maybe. He does that sort of thing a lot these days, and it’s getting tiring, always having to talk him out of it. Dean’s weary. He doesn’t know how much longer he can keep holding Castiel up to keep him from falling apart.
Honestly, it explained so much about Dean.
“No, I can see that,” Dean says, his eyes roving over Castiel’s wingspan in a way that makes Castiel want to lock himself in the closet and never come out. “But they’re part of you, right? We can at least clean them up a bit. What do you use, shampoo?”
“Yes.” Cas’ grunt is noncommittal.
Castiel nods stiffly, grabs a beer from the six-pack, and sits precariously down on the edge of the bed.
“I did.” Castiel’s eyes dart to and fro, watching the forest for movement. “As did you.”
(But what if he says no?)
With the caveat that I've never seen Property Brothers.
Dean looks at Castiel then and forgetes to breathe. Castiel has the pick of a thousand million stars to look at, but he’s staring at Dean right now. Staring as if Dean is the only thing in the universe. Dean feels his heart twinge, and, to avoid enduring that gaze any longer, reaches out and pulls Castiel close, slinging an arm around his shoulder and slotting his own body in behind Cas’s, leaning down to breathe in the scent of him.
hand? On…”
Castiel nods. “I have. Dean, I…”
Bees.
“22, actually. And so what?” Dean scoots closer on the couch. “Cas. I’m pretty sure I saw you looking. I’m trying to tell you, I’ve been looking too. Question is, you want to keep just looking for the rest of your life?”
Then he hears the buzzing, and he goes all stiff himself.
Fair enough. Castiel needs time to process what’s just happened. With any luck, they’ll both know what to do next by the time they reach solid ground.
“That’s not what I–” Dean pauses in the doorway, bangs his head against it. “Doesn’t it freak you out? The whole concept.”
“You’re staring at me.”
(What if he recoils at that very first touch?)
He shakes his head, drums himself out of it. Wrong. That’s the only word he needs in his head. Wrong. Wrong.
Castiel’s cry echoes through the yard. Dean feels it to his core. he hasn’t heard an angel yell like that since the last time he saw one die. He thinks, maybe, he heard the echo of Gabriel’s scream a long way from the Elysian Fields motel. He knows he saw a goddess shiver in the back seat. The feathers break, come loose in his hand, and he fights the violent wrench of his stomach as it tries to come up through his throat.
But the prophet thing turns out to be relevant. Hugely relevant. And the weirdest thing happens because of that.
Now it’s Dean’s eyes that are going to bug out. He can see the thing in his peripheral vision, little wings flapping quick as his heartbeat, which he can feel pulsing in his chest. God, can the thing feel him trembling? Can it sense fear? Is it gonna leave an awful red mark on his face? Is it just sizing him up before it strikes?
“That’s not the problem,” Castiel manages. “You’re…” His eyes sweep over Dean. “You’re a kid. You’re 21.”
Which leads to Castiel sitting here, shirtless, shivering a little and looking around at the mysterious space. His wings are out, but curled into the center of his back, and he feels small and naked and alone but for the sound of Dean at the sink. He reaches out to the atoms in the walls, to the ground beneath the concrete floor, just to maintain connection to something.
“Forgive me,” Castiel says. “I felt ambitious and bought ingredients for lasagna.”
Cas is crouching in front of him. His eyes are bright with concern. As Dean looks into them, Cas’s hand moves up along his shoulder and slides to his neck. Fingertips over skin, then wrist turns and it’s the back of Cas’s hand along the side of Dean’s neck. Smooth on smooth, and Dean hears a long, shuddering exhalation and barely recognizes it as his own.
He slides the plug in, and Castiel’s body tenses along his, a cord of hard skin and tense muscles wound up against him. Castiel shouts into his mouth, tongue bold as it licks inside, and Dean barely realizes that Castiel’s thigh is crossing his, that his cock has found a niche to slide in along Dean’s own. It’s just heat, and vibrations, and Castiel’s panting breaths against his own, and the details don’t matter.
That’s my job. I’m s'posed to be here to help you, to explain you away and lead you around by the nose and yell at you and talk to you when there’s no one else I can talk to.
Jensen shouts, visions of a concussive Misha spilling the beans about the three of them to a shocked audience because he’s too brain-damaged to do much else. He moves like someone’s strapped a rocket to his ass, launching forward all at once, head bumping Misha’s shoulders and back slamming against his chest. His feet leave the floor. And in a sudden endless slow-motion, he realizes he now has Jared’s and Misha’s weight pushing him down, and the rug is coming up hard and fast beneath him, and holy shit he’s in a lot of trouble–
“Dean,” he says. “Did you… kiss me?”
it, he hasn’t learned a thing.
“You have to keep up to date on what the public thinks about vampires,” Kevin says. “That way you can avoid arousing suspicion.”
Charlie Bradbury reads Carver Edlund. And reacts.
“Maybe it is,” Dean says, smiling. He presses his palm onto Castiel’s free hand. The warmth is almost unbearable. “Why don’t we find out?”
Dean bends to kiss him, but Gabriel darts his head to the side. “Pose for me first,” he murmurs, low and throaty. He lets Dean go and motions for him to lie down on the bed. The want is sparkling in his eyes along with the usual amusement and triumph of having Dean at his beck and call like this. Dean drinks in the stare and strikes a pose, long legs stretching out as he relaxes on his side. The teddy drapes over him, the ribbons spilling onto the sheets.
“Dean.” Damn it, he can feel that gaze. It wants him to meet it; it’s a damn persuasive gaze, really. He gives in. “What do you want, Cas?”
“You think you’d like it if you were just sitting there and I come up with out warning and drop one on you like that?”
“Yeah, never mind renegade angels, you thought you were going on a date…”
No, it’s Benny, who laughs softly and holds him by the upper arms, making sure he’s steady. “You need a break, brother.”
She really doesn’t expect the answer to be a skinny, bearded drunk who walks around all day in his undershirt and boxers, but that’s the answer she gets.
“Sorry. I’ll be more careful.” This time the sponge is much more gentle, and Castiel’s able to relax into it. Dean works at his wings vigorously, steadily, and he starts whistling again halfway through. Castiel’s wings are heavy with soap and suds, but his heart is light. The guy who’s whistling right now doesn’t sound like a man tortured by the Mark of Cain, and maybe it’s worth it to show his dilapidated wings if cleaning him up gives Dean a bit of distraction from his own situation.
The lie’s just as thin as it was when Dean told it the first time. Castiel doesn’t know why Dean’s lying, but there has to be a good explanation. Dean doesn’t lie without a reason. It’s just that he tends to have a lot of reasons.
: I’ll write my/your character becoming aroused by my/your character’s touch.
anything about it.
The “room with the sinks,” as Dean calls it, is a cavernous chamber big enough to fit several full-sized cars. Dean says he doesn’t know if the bunker used to have a garage, but if they did this was it. He can’t figure out how they’d get cars in or out, though.
What comes out is, “Marry me.”
Damn it, but she’d been rooting for Pamela. Crushing on her a little, too. And now she’s gone, and not only does Charlie shed a tear, but she shivers a little too. Death follows these guys around. She should be scared as hell of associating with them again. What was she thinking, inviting them back to the Moondoor Jubilee? With the luck they have, they’ll bring all manner of bad things along.
But as she sits down to start
Castiel answers gravely. “I don’t think any angel has. We know too much. We see too much of life and death to ever feel free of our burdens.”
“It’s in the body language, dude,” Dean says. He sets his beer bottle on the bar and straightens up, preparing to give a lecture. “It’s the way she was leaning in while you were talking to her. She couldn’t take her eyes off you. And in case you missed it, when she suggested you take her somewhere quieter so you could talk, that wasn’t because she couldn’t hear you.”
“Won’t happen,” Dean says. “And if it does, I know a guy in a Roadhouse upstairs who can help us break through to other heavens. He’s a genius, ya know.”
“What?” Heat floods Castiel’s face.
“It’s– it’s because of the slam,” Dean hurriedly explains. “I come in here to get, well, slammed. For that in-the-face feeling. The words pounding at me, like–” He manages to not finish that simile. “If I read it on paper, it might be different, but what I got out of you reading it? Just– power, man. So much power. The way you read, man. Might as well be an angel, with that voice–” He catches himself. “And now I’m the one rambling. Sorry, dude.”
* * *
still resonates, spinning in Castiel’s mind as Dean slots their now-bare legs together, eases them into a steady rutting rhythm. Castiel groans. Dean makes a muffled noise against his shoulder. He curls his hands around Castiel’s ass and tightens his fingers possessively.
“Look,” he says, relenting a little, “nobody’s saying you have to send them back. Just… is there a way to contain them? I could try to build you a porch for them or something. Like a frame with wiring or something to keep them in. Hell, we could build it around your garden.” The image is coming to him now – an enclosure, no ceiling even, just a simple frame that would make it a little harder for the bees to get out. He has no idea if it would work, but it could, and that makes it worth a try in Dean’s book.
A click, the squeaking of hinges. Dean’s jacket rustles as he walks inside.
But he will, and his arms will go around you, pulling you close so your bodies speak to each other. He’s wanted you too, all this time, his body says. Feel the way he grows hard against your thigh, the way his hips start cresting into yours in waves.  You’ll grow delirious with the knowledge of it, with the sureness of what’s always been an uncertain “if” in your mind. No more ifs. Just this touch, just now.
Dean turns his gaze back to Castiel. Their eyes catch. Possibility glimmers between them, bright as a flame.
A moment of tension and waiting, and then Castiel’s got him by the shoulder, the arm, the hip, pushing him back against the wall and trapping him there. His kiss sears Dean’s mouth. Dean’s legs go to water, and he fights just to keep his knees from buckling. Castiel’s tongue pushes into his mouth, and Dean licks back, trying to find his footing again.
“Holy hell,” Castiel echoes, nodding his agreement.
Dean’s starting to get impatient. “Yeah?”
Castiel always sounds utterly awkward when he quotes Dean, and this is no different. Dean wants to plant his face in his hands, shake his head and sigh.
“Oh, stop it,” Charlie mutters, but she’s too choked up herself to be too pissed at the two of them for their silent flirting.
“Yeah, it’s Dean,” Charlie says before she can stop it. Crap, she thought she wasn’t shipping it anymore.
“I’m gonna guess,” Dean says lazily, “that this is supposed to be a prank, right? Dean Winchester wakes up wearing women’s underwear?”
“On the
Castiel licks his lips, takes in a breath, and lifts his gaze to meet Dean’s. “And,” he says, “I’m glad.”
Now Charlie finds herself surprised again: here’s a scene from Castiel’s point of view. Carver Edlund very rarely deviates from Sam and Dean’s POV, although he has occasionally given a behind-the-scenes peek at, say, Meg’s phone call home or Bela’s deal to sell the Colt. Oh, and the stupid way he starts every stupid book with the stupid genre-blind victims-of-the-day wandering stupidly to their own doom. Again, this is the problem with reading these books. She wants to scream at them to not go into the empty farmhouse or make out deep in the woods, but if they’re real people, there’s no reason they should be genre-savvy. She’s at an unfortunate advantage.
Didn’t they mention something about a prophet before? Maybe that’s how these things got online. She can’t imagine being locked into the Winchester psyche day and night until you have to chronicle it all. It would probably kill her.
Sam is leaning against the corner of the wall, with that goddamn I’m-so-smart smile on his face. Dean seriously considers punching him out before he has a chance to say another word.
And what’s more right is Dean awake, eyes half-lidded, covers thrown off. He looks delicious there, shirt riding up so his stomach is showing, legs bent as he stretches them one by one. “Cas,” he murmurs, and reaches out both his hands.
Chuck doesn’t have the slightest idea what he’s doing here, but he’s not about to ask, not when two beautiful men are crawling over him and each other with hot dedicated hands and wet mouths going everywhere, doing everything. Castiel’s eyes are heated as they sweep over his body, take note of the stubborn jut of his cock flushed at the crux of his legs. When he reaches out, Chuck gulps and closes his eyes tight, and the curl of Castiel’s hand around it is insanely warm, unbearably so. Then a wash of heat over the head of his cock and Chuck opens his eyes again, looks down to see Gabriel taking darting licks as Castiel eases Chuck’s cock toward him with each pump. Chuck’s cry is embarrassing; his voice quavers like a thirteen-year-old’s and he takes a fistful of Castiel’s shoulder and Gabriel’s hair, holding on tight as warmth washes through him again and again.
As soon as he says it, he knows what Castiel’s answer will be. “Those needs I can take care of. But this body wants things, as well.” He locks his gaze to Dean’s, and Dean hears the words falling like boulders. “This body wants you.”
Dean starts. The pedal hits the floor, and he’s going 100 for a few seconds before he gets the throttle back down to a reasonable 80.
It is not something you just jump off the street and do in a random comic book store. LARPing is done with other LARPers, at a designated time and place and with the full permission of the county park authority or whoever you need to get permission from in order to run your game. What Sam and Dean are doing can reasonably be termed as really heavy cosplay, perhaps, but it ain’t LARPing.
“As could I. Why didn’t you go with him?”
.” Charlie’s had a few kisses, some of them more violent and primal than others, but she’s never had a tongue battle before, and she doesn’t really think it’s a thing that happens. And if it is, she doesn’t think it sounds pleasant.
And Dean thinks he’s seeing Aaron and the golem have a “moment” now, but he’s not gonna mention that.
“I restore and maintain classic cars.” And he charges an arm and a leg for it, and keeps a client list full of rich douchebags that want to own a classic without knowing a thing about cars. Dean can’t imagine owning one of those things without wanting to immerse yourself in knowledge about every little detail and how all the parts fit together, but that’s the nice thing about his job. He gets to tinker with beautiful machines, and doesn’t have to put up the expense of actually owning them.
And for an instant Dean is caught in Castiel’s eyes, and he loses his breath. The warning bell is fading into the distance, but it still sends jarring notes through his body, and he tries in vain to shake himself out of this paralysis. He’s stuck, staring at Cas, afraid of the truth that seems on the verge of dropping into view.
Dean and Cas reunite.
Dean & Cas... "coming home."
“Well.” Dean gulps. “Maybe I’ll get used to them.”
“I miss her,” he says finally.
A laugh escapes Castiel’s throat. “I can’t deny, that sounds appropriate. But Dean. In all seriousness.” He squeezes Dean’s knee. “Don’t do this if you’re not sure. I don’t want to be one of your regrets.”
He eases onto the floor beside Cas, wraps his arms around him, and hikes up the blanket Castiel had huddled around himself to keep warm. For a long time they just stare up at the moving lights together, and then Castiel’s breathing evens and his head dips heavily onto Dean’s shoulder. Dean tightens his arms around Cas and watches the reflection of the lights move across his skin for a long moment. Then sleep claims him, too.
But he knows by now that he couldn’t scare away a fly with that face. Sam and Mom laugh. Bobby sniggers and elbows him roughly. “Just kiss already, you’re driving everybody crazy.”
His face is too intense. Castiel looks down, and notices Dean has one hand clenched into a fist. “Dean,” he starts, but can’t find the rest of the words he needs.
And that feels like relief. But also like fire. It sweeps Dean up in a blaze of warmth, and he catches Castiel’s mouth more firmly under his own. Cas sucks in a breath; Dean can feel the whooshing of air against his skin.
Castiel’s eyes are still huge unblinking O’s. “No,” he says, “I didn’t think it mattered because the fence… I’m so sorry.” He runs a hand through his hair. It ruffles and stands up straight at the touch. “I don’t know what to do. I can try to ship them back, but I don’t know how many have already wandered.”
“Well, you’re Cas to me,” Dean says. “If you decide you don’t like that one too…”
“OK, I’m just gonna soap them down now. Stay still,” Dean orders. Castiel braces himself to do just that, but when the rough surface of the sponge touches the space where back meets wing, he curses and shakes hard, nearly throwing Dean off his feet.
Thank God Sam’s breathing has evened out, thank God he doesn’t look like he’s struggling as hard to stay sitting up anymore. When Dean helps him up and into the car, he can make the last few inches by himself. Small favors. Even if there’s nobody left above, Dean still thanks God… or whoever… for that.
Dean’s too busy firing to answer.
“Yes,” Castiel says, meeting his gaze. “Did you not think so?”
It doesn’t look like he’s gonna be so much as scratched by this next guy, though. He’s cute, with mussed hair and blinking blue eyes, but he looks itchy in his own skin, and he’s wearing a suit, like he just came from an accounting firm. In this den of jeans and anti-establishment T-shirts, he sticks out like the sorest of thumbs. Dean watches the guy glance repeatedly down at his papers, and steels himself to listen through a poem’s worth of stumbling, stuttering phrases.
“To sleep,” Castiel murmurs behind him. Another footstep. “So not now.”
guy? Although now the mousy affect is gone, and suit guy’s eyes are wide and piercing, his jaw set and his hands firm as he reads from the pages. He reads of purpose and power, of a world of angels and demons reflected in the story of two men, and Dean sees with each word an epic saga being laid before him.
A few Dean/Cas drabbles from object prompts.
It starts low, too low for Pippin, and Dean’s first thought is that this guy’s voice isn’t the right type. He’s a baritone, and Pippin’s a high pop tenor. But Castiel’s voice rises and soars on the higher notes, and there’s a sweet, longing ache in his vowels, and Dean finds himself sitting on the edge of his chair watching, fascinated.
“Sure you did,” Dean says. “You were talking about how you felt like the angels falling was your fault.”
Sam straightens up, clears his throat, and turns.
Now Sam remembers. Crowley, and the church, and Dean walking in… Let it go, Dean had said, and then there were shooting stars, no, angels flaming out, and then nothing…
Dean just shrugs.
Enjoy reading about reading about a book about reading about a book about your life.
in a class together. I can’t promise we’re never gonna have to share the stage. But like I said, I’ll try and respect…”
He collapses again, unable to keep his muscles steady, and he grabs, pulls at Dean’s hand. Dean lets himself be pulled, collapses onto the bed beside Cas and takes him into an embrace. Cuddled into Castiel’s body, he rocks him, holds him steady as the vibrations roll through his body. Castiel wrenches and thrashes in his arms, cries out, grabs his shoulders and holds on for dear life. His cock is hard, and Dean’s rocking against it with his own, unthinking, lost in the sensation of warmth and buzzing intensity so close to him.
Skipped a beat. Skipped a
Dean presses their foreheads together. “We don’t tell Sam about this,” he says, his voice guttural and gentle. “Not yet.”
“You’re taking a nap,” Benny says. “I’m not hitching a ride home on a human who can’t hold his head up. Sit.” He bares his fangs briefly, then turns away.
Castiel gets up early, mostly because sleep for him is a foreign thing to begin with and he only really does it because Dean likes the feeling of falling asleep with him close. But once Dean’s asleep, it’s an exercise in patience for Castiel, and when the sun rises he awakens irrevocably and  completely.
It’s only the first leak of pre-come against Dean’s shirt that pulls Dean back to reality. “Shit, Cas, you’re gonna,” he murmurs. Castiel whimpers, and Dean frowns. He’s not gonna get jizz all over his shirt. More importantly, his own dick is complaining now, straining and hard against his fly, and there’s no way Dean’s gonna last more than a few minutes if they keep rutting against each other like this.
“That,” he says, “I think I have to show you.”
I did some ficlets for Kinktober 2020. Here's one. Dean/Gabriel.
“Castiel. I’m named after an obscure angel. So, growing up, I was obviously interested in angelic lore. I’ve seen myself as a sort of grounded angel my whole life… I suppose that sounds egomaniacal, but it was just my version of imagining. Some children play that they’re princes or cowboys.” He reddens, visibly even in the dim light. “I’m rambling.”
“You and I have been through a lot together,” Castiel muses, either not noticing or not caring about Dean’s discomfort. “And I’m grateful for those experiences. Much as I’m grateful for the time I spent with Claire. That’s the parallel I’m trying to draw here.”
“Oh, no!” Charlie leans forward, socking her forehead against her palm. This is going to be painful, isn’t it? How many of these guys’ old problems are going to come back to haunt them?
Carefully, deliberately, he makes his way around the mess of unconscious and finds his way to where Cas is. “You’re here,” he says lamely. “Hang out a bit.” And now he’s not even listening to his own earlier warning. Has he missed Cas this much? Does he yearn for Cas’s company this badly? When it’s clear Cas doesn’t feel the same way…
This is the part where Dean should clap his back with one hand, all masculine and easy, and then let go. But he’s not. He’s holding on, trying to preserve the closeness for as long as he can, and Castiel’s clinging to him, pressing into him just as urgently. His heart lurches, and even when he closes his eyes, he can’t help but see the truth.
“Oh, that’s right!” Dean had forgotten bees make honey. He really is a dumbass sometimes. “So you can what, just reach your hand right in and pull out a bunch of honey?” The thought scares the bejesus out of him, but Cas obviously has nerves of steel.
without bursting into tears again.
“Uh,” he says, and oh my god the guy is close and he’s cuter up close, no, cuter isn’t the right word, he’s handsome, hot even.
The golden smile in his voice makes Sam turn; now Gabriel’s pressed into his chest instead of his back, and the height difference seems a little more pronounced like this, especially when Gabriel rises onto his toes and Sam cranes his neck down as they seek out a kiss. Once their lips catch it’s worth the extra effort, and Sam moans, hands sliding down Gabriel’s sides to hold at his hipbones, his hard-on riding in a steady rut against Gabriel’s stomach.
Dean laughs. “You’re jealous.”
Now, he looks back and laughs at his own blindness. The seconds, he knows now, are not just building blocks to build the great arcs of time. It’s time that exists for the sake of those seconds – the ticks of the clock between which everything important happens. Decisions are made in a moment, and decisions drive everything. Ideas leap to minds, lives are lost or fortunes won, and brothers protect or destroy each other in a matter of seconds, not years. He’s seen so many of those crucial moments now that he can never go back to viewing life the way he did before.
(Was. Fuck knows if Benny’s innocent anymore, and Dean figures that’s his damn fault, too. If he’d only been able to keep Martin away from him. If only he’d… done something.)
“Ah!” Castiel’s face lights up. “So I see. Pardon me. I’m not good at getting to know my neighbors. I tend to keep to myself when I’m not working, you see.”
No comfort is forthcoming on that front from Dean. “Nausea vs. constipation,” he says. “Great. Can I take what’s behind door number 3?”
“No. No.” Dean shakes his head. “Stay.”
Castiel touches his knee. “I was looking for you.”
He appears, he’s there, and that’s all there is.
Castiel follows his gaze and nods. “Thank you,” he says.
“Pervs,” Misha calls the audience, just to throw them off. Because from what Jeremy has mentioned, this is gonna be anything but pervy – a kiss, maybe. Waking up together. But mostly, it’s gonna be more of the same… the same slow burn that’s been happening for seasons now, just out in the open, reinforced with words.
Spoken aloud. “Now you taste like Post-It notes.”
Cas was right. You live, you love… you learn.
A year ago, having Castiel with him in this situation would be awesome. Right now, it’s just harrowing.
Castiel blinks. “I’ve never tried.”
Posted because otherwise it would sit in my drafts folder forever.
And it’s the funniest thing – after Cas chuckles into his mouth, he sighs and falls limp, his fingers relaxing on Dean’s neck. Amazed, Dean keeps humming. He gets through a chorus before Cas dares to break him off. “That’s how that feels,” he says, soft. “I see.”
“Ya know what I mean,” Dean goes on. “You get a girl, it remembers her, too –”
The room becomes a carousel, all dancing lights and baubles of color, and Castiel’s jaw drops. Lips parted, cheeks still flushed with the just-broken fever, he looks up and around, eyes bright like a child’s. He doesn’t say a word, doesn’t thank Dean or compliment his work. He just stares, mute, and satisfaction rolls through Dean. Yeah. That’s the look he was waiting for, the whole time he was setting everything up. That’s what he wanted to give Castiel. That wonder.
“Yes, geez, shut up!” From across the store, Sam looks over, shooting Dean an are-you-guys-okay? glance. Dean glares death back at him.
“Dude,” he says, finally. “Smile. You got your grace back. You’re in full angel mode now. Why do you look like someone ran over a puppy?”
She wants…
Dean doesn’t stand up so much as he explodes upward, his arms flying wide open and his mouth agape.
Dean says it – no, shouts it, as much as he can shout with the gigantic lump in his throat – and he puts a hand out, as though he could grab onto Castiel’s coat from across the pile of bodies. Castiel stops, turns back halfway. For a moment nothing moves, and Dean can hear his stupid heart thudding in his chest like he’s jogging a marathon.
“So what? You gonna give me an I-told-you-so? Why
The dog yaps happily at him. “Yeah, yeah,“ Dean says. “You’re cute, I get it. Just no climbing in bed with us at night.”
Dean doesn’t turn back. “Yeah, didn’t I just say that?” he says, shrugging. Ignoring the footstep he’s just heard behind him, the fact that he can almost feel the air warm just because Cas has moved a step closer. “Sure, dude. Help me get to sleep.”
Another piece inspired by fanart.
“You lost to that manwitch, the way I recall it.”
The room fills with blinding light.
“Good night, Dean.” And it sounds, at least to Dean’s ears, like there’s something a little more behind the name this time. Castiel takes in a quick breath then, and adds, “See you Saturday.”
“Saturday,” Dean repeats, and forces himself to head down the walkway. As he crosses the sidewalk in front of the picket fence that separates their houses, he can’t help but feel like Saturday is awfully far away.
“Do you want to fuck me like this?” he asks, and his own voice is raw with need. Gabriel is hard in his kitschy boxer shorts, and Dean’s body goes hot thinking about that cock in him,  silken panties raked down to his thigh. He switches positions, going to all fours. “Or like this?” He stretches like a lazy cat.
“I see.” Castiel drags the words out. “You live, you love… you learn?”
“Cas slept?”
Oh yeah, and come to think of it, his body really is warm. They’re both a little sweaty from the chase, and their skin sticks together where it touches. Their breaths come hot and fast in the tiny space, buffeting against each other, no room to turn away. But that ain’t what Cas is apologizing for, and when Dean closes his eyes, he can feel exactly what he
“May I ask you something?”
“Talk to Cas. Dude, you kissed him. Be a man about it, ya know? Take responsibility.”
Castiel readily agrees to Dean’s plans for the enclosure. He offers to spring for the materials, but Dean refuses. “Your lasagna will pay for it,” he says, and Castiel breaks into an unguarded smile that makes his whole face glow. What Dean discovers in the course of explaining is that it actually won’t take all that much time to build – he could get started first thing next Saturday and have it done by late afternoon, if he works the whole time. He figures he’ll split it over two days, if nothing else, to get to see Castiel twice.
A—nd there goes your line of salt,” Charlie says.
So does Charlie, albeit just to her e-reader.
Castiel squints at the dashboard. “I think,” he says, and he glances at Dean, wondering what Dean would say if he told the truth.
“I was glad to be able to help.” No expression, no smile, just the words.
“It’s not all worry,” Castiel responds, glancing down at his hands. “I’m also… extremely grateful for the time we did have together. Adversarial as some of it was.  And I wish there was more of it. I would like to see her grow up. To protect her. Even though she’s made it clear she can protect herself.” He laughs, the side of his mouth quirking. “It’s strange, this feeling.”
“Or maybe,” Castiel goes on, “we need more practice.” He smiles – just barely, a sneaking smile that drifts across his face and is gone.
“Are you going to make me scream, Dean?” Castiel asked, his eyes flashing. “Under different circumstances, I’d like that.”
Dean turns to Castiel and for a moment everything else fades away.
“Cas,” he says. “I, uh. I do have trouble sleeping. I… I probably could use your help. You know, when I need to rest again.”
Sam sniggers, and that’s the first hint Dean has that he’s in trouble. A glance upward, then back at Castiel’s face, and maybe he can just ignore this, go on through the door, and nobody will be the wiser. He sure as hell doesn’t give a damn about disappointing Sam.
“It’s me,” Castiel starts, trying to allay any suspicions. “I’m sorry, I should go–”
But she sure as hell hopes he’s real. And on the right side, and still around. Because she’d like to get to know him, maybe have a drink together, if angels drink.
But then again, it could happen… this was a big wide world, after all…
: I’ll write our characters making love in a bath or shower
This is the question that’s been plaguing her from the beginning. If she knows Sam and Dean half as well as she thinks she does, she knows they wouldn’t take too kindly to someone chronicling their exploits. And from said chronicles, and what she knows of the way they operate, it’d take someone pretty damn close to them to know all this stuff, and they don’t let anyone that close to them. So who is doing the chronicling, and how? Who in the hell is this Carver Edlund?
Castiel raises two fingers to her still-buzzing lips. “Yes,” she agrees, “yes, we are.”
But Castiel’s left the thought behind already and is clear-eyed, smiling at him. He looks serene, almost. Angelic, for real. Not in that crappy-ass warrior-of-God way, but like someone who knows and sees so much more than Dean could ever imagine. “Take a few,” he says.
“No,” Dean says. And he’s honestly fascinated, as much with the low, guttural scrape of Castiel’s voice as with the words. “Go on.”
Castiel looks at the unopened beer bottle in his hand.  The one Dean put on his tab.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m a bucket of fun.” It sounds a lot less convincing than it did five (or forty-five) years ago. “Anyway, for what it’s worth, Death’s not a bad guy… for, you know, Death. He might ask you do to something crazy, but if you go with it, he’ll probably bite. Just keep your head, Sammy. You suckered that manwitch all those years ago, you can do this.”
Cas’s hand strokes back upward, against the grain of his hair. The reverse of what he did last night, and it has the opposite effect, too – instead of soothing, it wakes Dean up, makes him hyper-aware of everything. Of the prickles of Cas’s beard just brushing against his own chin. Of the slight pout of Cas’s lower lip. Of their closeness, of the possibilities if Dean were to bend inward. Of half-lidded eyes glimmering with something like hope.
“Of course. No problem.” Castiel’s looking everywhere but at the two of them – at the ceiling of the room, out the windows, across the pile of unconscious-but-definitely-not-dead affected. “I didn’t realize you were here. I’m sorry for barging in.“
You’re an idiot, ya know that, right, Cas? This is your own damn fault. I told you not to try and take him on. I freakin’ told you….
“OK, now you’ve lost me.” Dean laughs a little. He can’t really afford much humor these days, but Cas wandering around his car talking in gobbledygook seems to draw it out of him. “Am I supposed to know what the hell you’re talking about?”
“So. Saturday,” Dean says, out of a lack of anything else to say.
“I don’t like it,” Sam says. “I don’t like how he’s suddenly bee-eff-effs with this Benny. Vegetarian vampire or no, it’s… it doesn’t seem right. You can’t tell me you trust him.”
Castiel starts it. Dean’s poring over a book of lore in the rebuilt Men of Letters library, and Castiel is passing by with an empty mug of coffee. On his way back to the kitchen to refill it, he drops a light kiss on Dean’s ear.
“I don’t see why the state matters.”
“Just saying,” he says lamely, “thanks for helping me get to sleep.” He’s ready to turn, head back to where Benny’s waiting, but he finds himself rooted to the spot. He needs an answer, resolution, something…
Castiel lifts his mouth briefly; covers the exposed, wet flesh with his hand; and hikes up Dean’s shirt to press a kiss to his flat belly. “Then there’s nuclear fusion and fission,” he says, low. “The constant heat and pressure that turns a simple dwarf star into a supergiant.”
And then Castiel’s mouth finds his and there’s no more stopping.
“It is not my place,’ the golem declares again, scowling. "If you give me a name, you would be releasing your hold on me. I would become my own creature and have free will.”
He gets in the car.
OK, awkward. “So.” Dean slips his hands into his pockets, wavers from side to side. “What was that song?” He doubts it’s a song at all. It was just one note, over and over.
“Any little green men?”
You gotta wake up and you gotta do it now because I can’t wait around. And I can’t…
They stop at an all-night convenience store for a six-pack and head back to Dean’s motel room, where Dean’s all paid up for another night. (“Woulda slept in the car,” Dean says, “but I’m used to beds now, damn it.”) Dean settles onto the bed and grabs the remote, flipping channels until he finds a man in a monster suit grabbing a model building and breaking it in half. At this point he mutters “All right” and reaches for the beer.
And they stand there, and look at each other. Castiel’s little silver desk lamp’s the only light in the room, so their faces are half in shadow, but they still look at each other. And something sits there in the air between them, an unfulfilled want, a magnetism that Dean’s been chipping away at all day (all week) with those tiny little glancing touches.
“I’m sorry, I should–”
As Dean prays to Cas in the bunker, Cas is there.
Then the second shockwave comes.
“We’re watching a movie and having drinks,” Castiel says. “I had a date tonight after all.”
), just genuine smiles and even, respectful applause. Like they’re… all really happy for him. But that can’t be the case, can it?
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean knows he’s getting red in the face. “Get out of my head, dude!”
And because it’s his birthday, and sometimes you just gotta party.
Your hand still burns with the memory. And the memory of pushing him away, of letting him go, not letting him pull you back to earth as you pulled him once.
“You missed a lot,” Charlie chimes in. “Lestat, Spike, Damon, Bill… and now Edward.”
Or, Dean realizes in a rush as his neighbor lifts off his mask and hangs it on a hook on the side of the house, he could be absolutely gorgeous.
Dean gets up. “I’ll be right back,” he tells Benny, and jogs toward the edge of the clearing where Castiel waits. He needs to find out how strong Cas is now. How far he’s fallen. Pragmatic stuff, practicalities. The things that matter in purgatory.
Finally, he takes a breath. “Dean, I–”
“I was about to die,” he growls. “It doesn’t count.”
“To hell with your time!”
He turns to Dean with wide eyes. “Dean,” he says, his voice breathy with wonder. “I had
Something breaks downstairs. The room goes cold. Dean has an image of a downstairs full of black smoke. There are footsteps, too, and each one lands like a weight on Dean’s heart. This would be a really stupid way to go out. But what can he do? Sam has to cast the damn spell.
Castiel withdraws his hand quickly, and Dean goes back to looking over the edge of the Ferris wheel, groaning. His face is ashen again. And that’s when it occurs to Castiel.
“Feathers,” he says. “Take a few. They are powerful tools for ancient magic, and there are precious few left on this earth.”
“Well, it’s all you’re gonna get.” Dean clenches his fist around the knife and cuts a too-deep groove into the stake, scowling at it instead of Cas. “C'mon, Cas, we got bigger fish to fry than this. Priorities, man.”
“Seems to me I didn’t miss much.”
“You don’t have to say anything,” Castiel offers. “We can pretend I never said it.”
For a moment Dean thinks Castiel’s going to lean in and kiss him. The tension’s certainly ample, hanging in the air like the halo around the streetlights, bright and full. But Castiel simply looks at him for a long time, until it’s Dean who’s stuttering, “What?”
Castiel pauses a few feet from the hive and turns. “So when should I expect you?”
And it’s just like Castiel to commence flirting by basically saying, “Hey, do you feel my erection?”
“What—what—what do you want me to say to that?” Dean clenches and unclenches his hands several times, like he’s trying to grasp something that keeps slipping away. This is too much. Too much anytime and anywhere, but especially too much here, with Bobby and Charlie and all the rest of them looking on.
“Come here,” Castiel says. God, even his voice sounds kind of like it’s glowing. Dean’s afraid to move.
When Castiel turns, presumably to carry the bee back to its brethren, Dean feels all the rigidity in his muscles weaken. He wobbles a bit. Up close, Castiel’s presence had been overwhelming, like it could stop time. Dean’s breath sounds rough and loud to his own ears as it resumes.
“No.” Stupid word pouring out of his mouth over and over again. “No no no no no.”
Dena takes in a sharp breath. “Wait. Stop. Hold the phone. What did you just say?”
Dean wants to deliver a fruit basket to whoever scheduled him for the early shift. He tries not to imagine Cas flushed from the steam, running fingers through his hair to wash out the shampoo, turning his face up into the spray… “It’s fine, dude. Don’t worry about it.”
Castiel surveys the room. “I don’t sense any more,” he says, his usual brusque self. “Is this all of them?”
The kisses stop, just as they started – naturally – and Cas’s voice breaks off the humming a moment later. Dean’s on the cusp of sleep now, his breaths even and slow, and when Cas pauses in his stroking of Dean’s hair, Dean doesn’t respond.  Cas drops his hand to the ground, closes his own eyes, and lets himself drift off. Wrapped around Dean, with the memory of a melody hanging in the air, he doesn’t even need to worry about what happens when he goes. He’s never felt so safe in his life.
But what really caught her attention was the dialogue after that fact was established. Not just the dialogue. What went on between the spoken lines. Like:
But Dean needs it, and for whatever reason sleep’s not coming to him. A cold, helpless feeling settles into Cas’s heart as he watches. Sleep is a simple, voluntary action for him. For humans, it can be harder, especially when they see the kind of things in their dreams that Cas knows Dean does. He’s peeked before.
Castiel’s hand travels to his lips, touches them briefly. “That was good,” he says, hesitant. “It felt good.”
Dean’s trying to make his life miserable, Castiel’s sure of it. If only he weren’t so very aware right now of Dean’s fingers tight on his shoulder, Dean’s thumb stroking his palm. His heart gallops in quick, heavy beats. The rest of the class sees only two actors improvising a scene. They can’t know how being this close to Dean affects him. But Castiel’s sure Dean knows, and this is his way of giving Castiel shit about it.
“Thank you,” he says. “This was–” And helpful seems the wrong word, although it was very helpful. The only other word he can think of is “awesome,” which he can’t imagine saying out loud. So he shakes his head, and just says, again, “Thank you.”
, and Castiel struggles to swallow. What an error in judgment she’s made. What a foolish, careless,
But when Dean grabs his own cock and brings himself over the edge with a few sharp tugs, Castiel hovers over him and watches with a look not unlike wonder.
Dean shifts from foot to foot. He’s the only nervous one here; Cas is patient, waiting for him to continue. Even the wind has stopped fluttering through the trees. It’s dead silent, like Purgatory is holding its breath waiting for Dean to explain just what the hell he’s talking about. Too bad Dean himself doesn’t have a clue.
But his mouth goes slack on Castiel’s a second later, and there’s tenderness in the kiss that wasn’t there before. For an instant his head’s above water, and the rippling heat between them can yield to a calmer, easier rush of warmth. Their lips part, and Dean holds Castiel’s gaze for a moment. Intensity burns down through his eyes, and Castiel catches his breath at the emotion betrayed there. Then the need boils over again, and Dean’s back to savaging Castiel’s body with a white-hot mouth, making his cries ring out in the small room.
Castiel lingers under the mistletoe and watches, and Dean finds himself hoping Cas is still there when he’s done. One mistletoe kiss never seems to be enough.
“Yeah,” Dean says, smiling back. “I guess you are.”
There’s anger in Dean’s eyes, in the clench of his fists and the tension of his muscles. “You can’t expect me to just go with that. Just … what, let you die?”
“No, seriously, fuck you guys,” Jensen murmurs into the carpet. “I didn’t need half my face anyway.”
But the kicker, the thing Dean does that’s least like Dean, isn’t the frantic kissing or the way they pull each other’s clothes off like time is ticking away too fast. It’s not even Dean’s long, lustful stare at the expanse of Castiel’s body, his eyes roving up and down stretches of bare skin. It isn’t the way his hand comes down so gently on the hard jut of Castiel’s cock and strokes until Castiel’s biting his lip and moaning. And no, it’s not the way he works his fingers inside Castiel, slicking him up as Castiel’s hips twitch and shift on his hand.
His wings unfurl slowly in the small room. Before, they would have been lush, filling the room with the rustle of feathers. Now, they are weak, skeletal. Castiel cringes with shame even as he allows them to unfold. It’s like being naked, even worse than being human. Not even the rotting corpses of angels have wings this decrepit. He’s more loathsome than a dead man.
Dean watches the color in his cheeks. Irritation claws at him. “Was it?” he says, a scoff of disbelief in the words.
.” Heck yeah, girl power. Double heck yeah redhead power. Charlie’s wondering if she can have a spinoff series that is the adventures of Pamela and Anna. Maybe they can grab the girl Jo from the roadhouse and go on adventures. It would be epic.
Or sighing, leaning into Castiel’s neck and smelling his skin, taking in a breath of warm air and letting it out again with a noise of pleasure that he can’t suppress. It’s completely against Dean’s M.O. to make a noise like that, but it still comes out.
“I, uh.” Dean’s suddenly self-conscious about how very far from essential his own job is. “I run a specialty garage.”
Now Castiel himself is starting to turn red. “I apologize. There are times when it’s far more convenient to reach inside your mind than to waste time talking about things. And your feelings are… rather obvious.”
“Are the sounds of the party drowning out my voice?” Castiel looks around. He leans in and, louder, “I LOVE YOU.”
“I wouldn’t want to overstep,” Castiel says. His eyes dart to Dean’s mouth. And yeah, OK, looks like Cas remembers everything after all.
is a fine answer.
1) Castiel and Dean get a dog.
“That. Um. Right.” Cas exhales again, and a shiver skitters like a frightened animal down the curve of Dean’s spine. He thinks his legs might fall off. “Yeah, that’s maybe not so…” Again. Dean’s not gonna survive another breath on the back of his neck. He’s gotta turn around just to make it stop, and he whirls while Cas is still inhaling. “Cas…”
“Yeah, if you like that sort of thing,” Dean says, shrugging.
The vulnerability in those lines, even after all that power. Dean loses his breath. He forgets to even clap. He just stares.
The door flies open.
“Um, guys?” Sam says. “Why don’t we step outside?”
from Dena, not for a long time. But it’s all right. From that moment, she knows.
“Oh, yes you were,” Charlie says, leaning on her hand. “And what’s more, you liked it.”
“I put you in a coma,” Castiel snaps. “I destroyed hundreds of angels. I unleashed the Leviathan on this earth.”
The golem out-and-out grins. “That is acceptable. You may call me Clay.”
Dean’s fingers on his wings pause. Castiel hears a little chuckle, then, “No problem.”
He’s got nothing to worry about, he’s got no reason to feel that way.
Dean grins evilly. “Oh.
“Oh, God, Dean!” Charlie considers throwing something at the screen, but it’d just bounce off and hit her in the face. “Yes, you are!”
He tries to make conversation as you work at shucking down his pants. “Cas, I gotta say, I didn’t see this comin–”
Dean sighs heavily. “You better damn well have gone back upstairs to rest,” he shouts at the sky, and walks around the car, taking out the keys.
“I… thought you were gonna help me with that,” Dean says, thinking it sounds desperate and like a come-on, hating himself for saying it.
There’s gonna be lots of times Dean can’t help. Lots of times Cas can’t help
Would he have thought to do this if they were still among the world of the living? If Dean hadn’t killed his way through Purgatory, prayed every night, realized through aching nights and bloody days how much he missed having Cas by his side? Dean’s no believer in fate, but he’s wondering now if certain things do happen for a reason. And the unfamiliar, giddy emotion daring to rear its head now, after so long, is joy.
He grabs Castiel’s hand.
Sam squints hard at him. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” Castiel cringes at the question, and after a minute Sam’s squint fades, and his face softens into a smile. “You sound like me.”
Dean crawls up beside him, draws a hand up his spine. Castiel ripples under his touch, cries his name again. Dean can feel the vibrations, rolling up beneath Castiel’s skin. He breathes, shallowly, in time with Castiel’s own inhalations. “Cas,” he murmurs. “God, Cas, I–”
Castiel thinks.
“Cas?” Sam’s voice comes as though from far away.
And now Dean can’t say it does, or Sam will laugh, and he can’t say it doesn’t, because he can’t stand that look on Castiel’s face. Wouldn’t you know it, demons or no, he’s screwed again.
Left by the pillow.
“Well, your ‘fun’ isn’t my idea of having a good time,” Castiel says. “And I don’t appreciate you following me, either.”
Sam laughs. “I don’t mean that… though, you know, if…” His face screws up for a second, and he has to shake himself out of it. “Point is, Cas… he needs you. He always has. You’re the one guy who can get through to him right now. He won’t listen to me, because he doesn’t understand where I’ve been for the past year. But you… did you see his face when you came back? Cas, you’re something to him. I don’t know what, but… I never saw him look like he does whenever you show up.” He sighs. “The point is… You’re good for him.”
the load. You gotta share with me, Cas. You gotta tell me how you’re feeling.”
“Claire hugged me. Maybe that–?”
Dean frowns. “What do you mean, what about them? You have the chance to meet them. Why the hell would you stay around here?”
“Which is why I wanted you to go,” Sam says. “You need to be… well… for lack of a better word… you need to be the angel on Dean’s shoulder right now. He needs someone else to trust. Someone to tell him he doesn’t have to be this eternal soldier anymore. Benny’s not going to give him that.”
“Nah,” Castiel replies, and then they fall silent again. Castiel rolls down his window and feels the air on his face. So much more refreshing when he’s exposing himself to the elements by choice, rather than necessity.
Dean heaves a breath. “Can you do what you did last night?”
Sam chokes on his own tongue. “To *what*?”
“Are you kidding me? You saved our bacon,” Sam enthuses. Dean shoots a look at him.
Oh. Okay. So Anna’s an angel. Charlie has to suppress a little war whoop when Dean asks if Castiel and Uriel were her bosses, and Anna answers “
On the dashboard.
Castiel’s voice breaks as he moves forward. “Dean.”
Dean pulls back, looks Castiel in the eyes for a moment, then leans in and touches his lips to Castiel’s in a brief, chaste kiss.
“A human has to harvest them,” Castiel says. “That’s how the human plane can control their magic. An angel bestowing a feather essentially bleeds the grace from it in the act of giving. The magic stays on the celestial plane unless a human takes it.”
“Yes,” Cas says, “I see that.” And he sounds a little hypnotized himself.
“I didn’t scare you,” Castiel informs him sternly. “I kissed you.”
“Why do you care what his name is, anyway?”
“Cause I can’t stand that vampire.” Sam’s lip curls. “Besides, your power’s still shaky from the trip. There’s no reason you should have to do this alone.”
“I liked doing this, too,” he says. His breath falls right on the nape of Dean’s neck, below the careful curve of his hand.
And at times he sits up straight and stares, bolted to this stranger’s eyes as his voice rasps around syllables of lightning and flame.
I mean.”
“Cheers,” someone in the crowd shouts.
Castiel sighs. There goes Dean Winchester again. He never passes up an opportunity to get into a compromising position.
Some Sabriel for a change of pace. Something that could have happened just before Gadreel came to possess Sam's body.
“Mm-hm. Like two bugs in a rug, you two.” Benny seems amused, but Dean’s heartbeat has accelerated. Last time Cas slept, he was drained of mojo, nearly human, and hours later Lucifer had exploded him. If Cas is sleeping again, what does that mean for their safety in this awkward trio they’ve formed?
Castiel’s learned quickly, and now he’s pulling cries of want from Dean easy as anything, his mouth wandering over all the sensitive soft spots on Dean’s neck and jaw. When he nips at Dean’s ear, then sucks the lobe into his mouth, Dean rolls his hips up frantically. His erection catches against the inside of Cas’ thigh, and he ruts there helplessly, trying to drum up as much friction and heat as he can. God, the way Cas feels – or maybe it’s the way he smells, Dean doesn’t know which sense is which right now – but he’s never felt like this before, never been owned so completely. He’s got no control, can’t speed Cas up or slow him down, and it feels like freedom, like cruising at 120 down a two-lane highway. The wind’s never been in his hair or the music in his ears the way Castiel is in all of him right now, in his skin and his trembling limbs and his mouth. Cas is everywhere and Dean only wants more.
“Yeah, pal, you do,” Sam says, squatting beside him to help him sit up. “Let’s get you patched up.”
Aaron blinks. “I would?”
“I think we all do,” Castiel says. He’s unsure whether he’s speaking for just him and Dean, or people, or angels… maybe, everyone.
Castiel’s hand lands on Dean’s shoulder. “Thank you for everything,” Castiel says, but it’s not what Dean hears. He hears the tolling of a faraway bell, hears the sizzle of his skin as an angel laid his hand on it for the first time, dragged him up through the depths and into the world of the living again. He hears the sound of his own undeserved second chance, hears the silence that echoed in his ears through a thousand moments of staring into blue eyes and not knowing why they made him feel the way they do.
So he gives Cas another hug, this one tighter. He doesn’t pound Cas on the back this time but just holds him, arms stretched tight around his shoulders. Their chests, hips bump; Castiel nearly steps on his foot. It’s so close as to be awkward, even. So it has to take the edge off.
“Where to, Cas?”
“Thank you.” Castiel lifts a hand, and Dean doesn’t know if he wants a handshake, or if he intends something else. He raises his own hand to meet it. When their palms meet, Castiel looks a little thrown. But Dean holds his gaze steady, claps his other hand over the back of Castiel’s, and holds it there for a long moment. It’s more than a handshake, but it’s not quite holding hands. Whatever it is, Dean’s sad to let it go. But it’s either that or lean in and make his intent known, and he doesn’t want to scare Castiel off.
Sam worries about things like the color scheme, but Dean is the more practical of the two brothers, Castiel is discovering as his dingy condo slowly transforms into something that feels a little more like home. And that doesn’t have to do with just screws and wrenches.
He sits up, yawns, rolls his neck forward to crack it. Benny’s sitting against a nearby tree, and at the noise, he tilts his head and says, in his usual lazy drawl, “You slept like the dead, brother.”
Then, he’s full up beyond what he thought he could take, and Dean grits his teeth and lets out a strangled noise. He won’t be able to take it, he’s going to come apart, and oh God, he’s burning up, but Castiel’s body settles down over his and Dean doesn’t want him to ever get up. He rocks up into the closeness, searching for skin to seal his mouth over. He gets a bit of Castiel’s shoulder under his lips and sucks hard, then soothes with a flickering tongue. Castiel makes noises above him that Dean never thought he’d hear.
They settle on the sofa. Dean asks about Castiel’s work (boring) and Castiel asks about Dean’s classes (too much memorization). The whole time, Castiel has to stop himself from staring at the sprawl of Dean’s legs or the way his mouth purses around the bottle. One beer yields to another, and this time Dean gets up to get it. Castiel can’t help watching him as he walks away, seeing the way he strides, the shift of his hips. His fingers itch.
So this sudden discovery that she ships Dean and Castiel is unsettling. For many reasons. For one thing, she actually
“You think I’ve changed?” Because Sam’s gaze is still so direct.
“Of course.”
Castiel clears his throat. “Of course.”
The next one is called “Wishful Thinking.” She spends the whole book waiting for Castiel to show up, and he never does.
He holds Dean tight until he’s done, kisses him once on the mouth, and they roll away onto separate sides of the bed as though they’d never touched.
“No, I mean she likes you.”
The Supernatural series is now about Dean, Sam, and Castiel for her. That is weird as hell, and it raises the stakes for her. One more character… one more person… for her to care about and be afraid for, in this endless stream of bad luck and horrible events that seems to make up each novel.
“Now would be… kind of weird,” Dean says. He can’t quite keep his tone even.
“What does that mean?” Dean gets up from the bed now and crosses the room toward him. “You lost some mojo? Look, if there’s stuff you can’t do now–”
Cas turns onto his side, faces Dean, and continues to hum. He doesn’t know what song this is he’s singing, if it’s a song at all, but it’s nice, and it adjusts itself to the hitch and flow of Dean’s breathing, pauses and continues as Dean’s chest halts in its rise and fall. Cas couldn’t verbalize the connection if he tried, but he knows it’s there. He’s humming Dean to sleep. Somehow.
“I’m trying, but–”
Sam raises his hands in benign surrender. “Got it. Hey, Dean, thanks for the advice.”
“But now, at least, we do have bodies.” There’s an analytical expression on Castiel’s face, as though Dean were a mildly interesting science project. He slides his hand up and to the side, fingers curling around Dean’s ribcage. Dean feels the handprint as clear as the one Castiel left on his shoulder, not so long ago. “And this body, I’m finding, has needs.”
“That is not of import,” Castiel says, and leans forward over the table. “Dean. Are you still listening to thoughts?”
“I don’t understand,” Castiel says. “You’re in college. There are so many places you could find–” It’s too embarrassing for him to say the word. “Why me?”
anything change?
“But if you had one, what would it be?”
“Nothing,” Dean says. “I– nothing.”
“You did WHAT??”
She has to take a long walk after that book, to clear her head, to decide if she wants to keep reading. Fiction has crossed over into uncomfortably real territory, and she’s having trouble holding onto her own sanity. Every time she thinks about what Dean went through, she wants to break down and cry.
: I’ll write our characters in a threesome
Dean’s heart speeds up at the sight of it. “Maybe,” he admits, and when Castiel leans in to kiss him again, he doesn’t fight it.
Castiel just looks at him, smiles one more time, and disappears again.
"Thank you,” the guy says, and even in those two words the hesitation is back in his voice. The poet is peeled away and now he’s just another scared newbie at his first slam. Dean briefly imagines moving up to him, sliding a hand under his jaw, forcing those eyes to meet his. Telling him, “Don’t worry, man. You were great.”
“Talked about what?” But nope, still too embarrassing to think of Sam saying it out loud, too. “No.” He points at Sam just like he did at Cas. “No.”
Castiel leaves the class all keyed up and ready to punch something. He shouldn’t let Dean get to him, but he can’t help it. His heart pounds whenever he thinks about Dean, and even now, in the midst of his anger, he wants, more badly than he’s ever wanted anything. If Dean would just stop teasing him long enough to look at him and truly understand. He ducks into a side hallway, narrow and dark, and leans heavily against the wall, fist clenched.
“Cas,” he says, but his jaw has gone numb, and it doesn’t move readily.
“No,” Sam spits out, automatically. But then he looks at Castiel, and frowns and smiles all at once. It’s a confusing expression. “Well. Maybe.”
Samandriel/Castiel, for a meme in which "I love you" was the prompt.
“Dean!”
“Oh, you’ll live.” Gabriel crosses to the window and peeks behind the curtain at the street outside. “Your brother’s praying up a storm. Begging the angels to help you. It’s only a matter of time before someone answers. Nothing better to do here on earth.”
“And he’s staring.” Sam’s stare is like a red-hot poker. If he were right behind Dean, breathing on his neck, things couldn’t be any tenser.
Dean’s got no answer. “Get some sleep, Sammy,” he says instead.
“Fight training, man,” Jared says, whapping Misha on the ass. “You need more of it.”
But that’s genre blindness for you, and Charlie reminds herself that this isn’t just some well-crafted (if inartfully written) horror story. This is real life, and these are real people, and real people don’t worry about genre blindness because as far as they know, they’re not in a genre. Sam was blinded by grief and a sense of helpless frustration, and Ruby offered him a way to take control. How many people self-medicate because it’s the only way they know to get their demons under control? Charlie’s known a few in her lifetime. She sighs and buries herself under her covers (it’s late now, she’s reading in bed). The e-reader’s light casts a blue glow on the blankets above her.
“You don’t need to relax,” he says. “You need to be distracted.”
Charlie’s not the shipping sort. That is, she can kind of live with Ginny and Harry, and she digs Eowyn and Faramir, but she blames both of them on her affinity for red-haired characters getting it on. It’s hard not to sympathize there. But she’s not the kind of girl who throws on her shipping goggles and tries to find life mates for every character in every book she reads. And she sure as hell isn’t a slasher by trade. Not that there’s anything wrong with slashing, mind you. She just doesn’t much buy a lot of it, personally. (Except for Xena and Gabrielle, and Buffy and Faith, and HG and Myka, but that’s … oh, forget it.)
“What’s more,” Castiel goes on, “I think I might end up staying the night.”
Befuddled, but with soft stirrings of hope coming to life in his chest, Castiel squints at him. “You could have told me that. Or talked to me. Or done anything but humiliate me in front of the class.”
Dean looks up now, and the set of his jaw is that same steel-hard thing Castiel has grown to know means he’s past the limit of his emotional strength. “Cas,” he says, and his words are clipped. “Cas, you go where you gotta go. If that means goodbye, then…” He takes a breath. “Goodbye. And thanks, man.”
Castiel settles onto the bed, on his knees, and lifts Dean’s hips to meet him. Dean doesn’t breathe at all. He grits his teeth and waits.
If he were to think about it too hard, Dean would feel pretty funny loving Cas’s body as much as he does. After all, it’s not exactly his to start with. And Dean can’t say with any certainty that he felt anything when looking at Jimmy Novak, sans Castiel’s presence, but when it comes to Castiel inhabiting that body Dean wants to cover and conquer and worship it. it’s a good thing Dean doesn’t think too damn hard when he’s in the middle of the act.
“You need to sleep,” Cas says.
“There are things I wanna tell you,” Dean says. “But I can’t right now. It’s complicated, and it’s a mess, and we have demons breathing down our necks right and left, and–”
“The devil, Dean,” Castiel says. “The apocalypse.”
“The hell it was!” Dena snaps. “You don’t get to drop a bomb and run. Say that one more time.” She leans in as she makes the dare, dissolving that once-sacred line of
“Bobby will fill you in on the details,” Dean says.
How Dean ended up with angel feathers in his trunk.
Castiel's wings are damaged, and they need some care.
Dean gasps “Cas” into his ear, and the lurch of lust that burns through Castiel takes him to the edge. He holds on as long as he can, but Dean’s legs are long and strong folded between his, and his hips move like rolling stormclouds. Castiel tumbles over into orgasm, crying out, his fingers clamping behind Dean’s neck to pull him in. Dean starts to shudder next to him, and suddenly it doesn’t matter why or why not or what happened before, so long as Castiel gets to be here, now, feeling Dean break apart against him.
Castiel reddens a little as he looks into Dean’s eyes. “Which brings us back to, did you just propose to me?”
“Use?” Dean’s train of thought has left Castiel several stations back.
Back when he was an angel, he executed it flawlessly. He even felt a bit superior as his senses picked up on Dean’s accelerated heartbeat, the slight tremor in his hands as he fished the key out of his pocket and brings it to the door. But as a human, he sees none of it anymore. Dean’s impossibly smooth and casual, and in comparison Castiel feels like he must be glowing in the dark. A beacon of need, no longer able to control his body’s movements or reactions the way he used to.
“They’ve gotten used to crawling all over me,” Castiel says. “So they probably thought you’d be just as fun.”
“Oh, well,” Jared says, curling a hand around Jensen’s waist, “in that case, feel free to join in.”
It’s called love.
Black smoke swirls at the entrance.
Even after he’s able to get up, there’s so much he has to get used to. His body feeling dirty under the same clothes day after day, for example. For the first time in a long time, he changes clothes. (Plaid looks frighteningly good on him – another sign he’s meant to be a hunter, he points out in one of his attempts at humor. He gets twin grimaces; Sam at least forces a smile for a moment.) His body wears down long before he expects it to, and he keeps asking “Am I sick? Am I dying?” The answer is, inevitably, “No, you’re just human.”
Misha’s moan fills the air; he arches forward, tries to break free of Jared’s grip, then presses back into it with a sudden bracing of his hips against Jared’s. Jared gasps, and in the moment, Misha slips free, whirling. He’s on Jared in another moment, hands fisting in his shirt, kissing him hard – and then yanking, trying to pull Jared over and throw him to the floor.
Dean grits his teeth at the swell of arousal that surges through him. “Here I am,” he growls in return.
“Two, I like the hands-on work. Not literally, obviously. But spending time with kids is what I want to do, so it’s nice to actually do it once in a while instead of memorizing some dead guy’s theory of child development.”
She doesn’t get an
Destiel. Cuddling. Sweet, loveable, giggly cuddling!
“If that’s all right,” Castiel responds, and Dean nods dumbly. He goes to the driver’s side, gets in, and drives the three of them back toward the bunker, listening the whole time to his heart beating out a drum solo and glancing at Castiel in the rear view mirror. He has a thousand new questions, now, but he thinks he’ll like the answers a lot better.
“I’m Dean. No, really, man, sit down.” Luckily, the guy does, because Dean was just about to reach over and push down on his shoulders. “You gotta tell me about that poem. How did you get the idea for it?”
“I didn’t say that out loud,” Castiel says, “did I?”
It takes everyone a minute to realize they’re not dead, then jump back in shock.
“You know what?” Dean says abruptly, slamming his hands down on the steering wheel.
“Marry me.” Dean’s as surprised as Cas to hear the words, but it doesn’t take long for him to realize he means them. And then it’s easy to continue. “Because when I think about it, Cas… I wouldn’t fly across the galaxy, either. Not if it meant having to say goodbye to you. I… I choose you over the little green men, too. And I want to prove it.”
. Bull. Dean’s heart doesn’t even stutter.
“My name is Castiel,” his neighbor says, holding out a hand to shake. Dean takes it, and he can’t keep from gauging the strength of those beautiful hands, the warmth that bleeds from the palms into his own. He shakes weakly and stutters out his own name, trying to remember who he is and why the hell he’s here in the first place.
And then staring into his eyes until Dean can see through them…
Doesn’t stop.
“Hm. Doctor?”
He turns around and goes inside.
“I mean, you can hum all you want,” he says. “You don’t need me for that.”
“I…” Dean can’t lie. “Little of both, I guess. I…” He shrugs. “I dunno what to say. Sorry if I weirded you out.”
“Keep them safe, Dean,” Castiel says. He wipes a hand over his own forehead, brushes away sweat. It’s such a human gesture. Dean wants to pat him on the shoulder, tell him he did great. Comfort him, thank him for his sacrifice.
But the disappointment that passes over his face stabs through Dean keen as any knife, and somehow that’s now worse than any embarrassment or uncertainty. “What the hell, man,” he says, sighing, and slides an arm around Cas’s shoulder, pulling him in with his other hand. Castiel stiffens in his grasp, then hands touch his back and a head tucks into his shoulder.
Dean can’t move or speak. He swallows hard. Cas drags his palm backward, inch by slow inch. It takes forever for him to reach the base of Dean’s hairline.
Languid, soft, warm – lips on lips, as natural as breathing. Cas has no problem continuing to hum. This is part of the rhythm, this kiss, part of this slow ritual of relaxation they’re sharing. It’s not passionate, it’s not new, though it’s the first one they’ve ever shared. It’s just another way for them to be close. It works.
“Human condition,” Dean says with a shrug. “Lesson No. 1, not knowing.”
“All right.” Sam takes a huffing breath. “Enough. Why are you here? Are you even real?”
But he has no reason to think Dean’s changed his mind, and Castiel is not going to give him the satisfaction of pleading, no matter how he aches for a bed and for the warm touch of friends’ voices. Instead, he says, “I think I’d like to just drive around for a while. If that’s all right with you.”
Dean lifts his eyebrows. “And why’s that?” he asks.
“Oh.”
Suit guy steps up onto the dais and takes a breath, pressing his lips close to the microphone. Dean’s eyelids droop.
Dean groans. Holy mother of God, can’t anyone leave it alone?
“What?”
Charlie bonks herself on the head with the flat of her palm. “No, Charlie. Bad Charlie. No RPF. And certainly no RPF crossovers.
“What?” Dean almost trips over his own boots. “What’s this me-and-Cas? There is no me-and-Cas. What the hell do you mean?”
All at once it’s Dean’s hands on his shoulder and wrist, and where Gabriel had merely pantomimed, Dean takes firm hold and leads Castiel into a merry waltz. “You’re a lovely dancer,” he sings in a falsetto, eyes sparkling, and Castiel is unable to do anything but play along.
Castiel reddens. “Cas?”
Sam comes back then, with assurances that everyone’s taken care of and they can head back home. He crosses to the passenger side and claps Cas on the shoulder. “You coming?”
“Whatever you feel is right, Cas,” Sam shouts up. “It’s your decision.”
All of a sudden this story is not just about Dean and Sam anymore. Sure, it’s mostly about them, but now there’s someone else in the mix who makes Charlie’s heart hurt when she thinks about him. It’s just that unlike Dean and Sam, she hasn’t actually met him before. Hell, she doesn’t even know for sure that he’s real.
Oh, yeah, this has been a long time coming. Way too long.
Charlie tries to suppress her urge to throw her e-reader across the room and makes do with an eyeroll. She doesn’t know why this grosses her out so much, since she’s not shipping Dean and Castiel so hard anymore, mostly because Castiel’s being a dick. But still, it seems like… sacred territory or something. Like Anna ought to keep off the grass.
“It’s not going to be recharged, Dean,” Castiel says. He slides his hands over the hood of the car, leans forward and tips his head up, gazing at the stars. “It’s draining away from me with every action.”
Castiel at least tries to keep his voice down. “I apologize,” he mutters.
Ya know, it’s funny, I don’t even know why I call you that. A child. You’re not. You’re older than I am, way the hell older. So you’re socially awkward, lots of humans are too. It’s not like you’re that bad, either,not when it really matters.
Castiel tilts his head. “You didn’t recognize it?”
The story shifts to Dean’s POV, then Sam’s, and the story unfolds.The scenes with Dean and Alistair break her heart, but she manages to keep reading without recoiling or feeling ill until she gets to a scene with Sam and Ruby that she will forever think of as
Dean scowls. “I’m good.”
Gabriel shrugs. “You thought you’d just walk away from those trials?”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Besides that.”
“Who, Bella?” Kevin starts. “She’s just a hu–”
Bees. Oh, God, that’s right. Bees.  "You weren’t answering your door. I followed the buzz,“ Dean says. He points to the picket fence. "I’m your neighbor. Right over there.”
But when it’s all over, Castiel kisses him again, searching and unsure, and draws back with eyes wide and strangely bright.
The irony being, of course, that she’s left him. She and her mother packed up and moved to a different house as soon as they could. This one held too many memories. And now Cas is stuck here, to a house that no longer contains his loved ones, unable to leave or to move on. He’s consumed by restlessness and loneliness, and although he tries to keep to walking the halls when the house’s new owner is asleep, Dean eventually catches him.
And he starts thinking maybe there’s still a God left to thank when he drives out of the lot onto the highway and sees a figure by the side of the road, making his slow way to somewhere one human step at a time.
. Can his heart reside in a place he’s never lived?
s stop.
“Probably.” Castiel looks down briefly, enough that the fear in his face shows through for a moment. “I’ve never had anyone do it to me.”
The bee has wandered off of one of Castiel’s gloves, and it’s now flying in small circles near Dean’s shoulder. Dean eyes it, not daring to move an inch. “That’s it,” Castiel says. “Just stay still.” He reaches for a glove.
It could have touched them too. There’s no guarantee he won’t be coming home to two monsters, freshly re-made by the corrupting influence of Darkness everywhere…
And then it’s whole again, and blue, and Castiel is falling.
At the end, those blue eyes catch his, and the final lines of the poem burn straight into his gut.
The two of them breathe hard, stare each other down. Dean’s eyes are full of hurt, helplessness. Castiel knows what’s going on in his head. He’s coming up with solutions, then throwing them away, one by one. Confront the Empty. Try to get Death’s aid. He probably considers consulting God, despite everything. Castiel watches the ideas come and go in his eyes.
Sam tries, as hard as he’s ever tried anything, to burn the words into his memory. But it’s like fighting to stay awake under anasthesia, and soon, everything is gone and he’s in darkness again.
Castiel’s still sitting on the floor by the dying fire, turning over slivers of wood in his hand. It’s three a.m. Tomorrow they escort Sam to the mouth of hell.
“No point talking about that now.” Dean did something to the wound that made Castiel growl. “You want a belt or something to bite down on? This is gonna hurt.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says. “For coming back.”
“He knows I was under the influence of the Mark,” Dean says.
“But I only want to say,” Castiel starts, and then the breeze hits him hard in the face. He winces as though slapped.
But then he catches Castiel’s gaze. Blue eyes wide and alive as Dean’s ever seen them. Below, the flush on his cheeks.
He slips his hand into Castiel’s. Leads him back into the room, into the throng of happy hunters. Grabs another beer. Offers it to Cas, takes one himself. They clink beer bottles, still holding hands.
Castiel is guilty of wondering, sometimes, what it would be like if Dean were, like him, immortal. If they had all the time in the world to exist, without aging, without fearing the inevitable grasp of death. But immortal or no, a Dean lost to the mark of Cain would be worse than no Dean at all. And Castiel won’t live the centuries as witness to that. He’d sooner slit his own throat and scatter his grace to the wind.
“Dude.” Dean smiles. “I think that’s the only way it does happen.”
Cas meets him at the front door this time, and he’s just as heart-thumpingly good-looking this time. His hair has lost that electrified look – side effect of the beekeeping helmet, Dean guesses – and instead is a little damp and matted. Dean doesn’t mean to give him a once-over, but he can’t help himself. Cas looks shower-fresh, comfortable in a loose sweater and jeans, and Dean wants to knock him right over onto the sofa in the living room and kiss him until neither of them can breathe.
“Oh, my God,” Charlie said, slapping her hands over her mouth to keep from cackling wildly. “Oh, my God, oh my God Dean, Dean, you’re totally crushing on him!”
At least Pamela shows up again shortly thereafter. Charlie’s really digging Pamela. She will have to make a note to get Dean and Sam to introduce her. If she’s still around.
But in the space of another blink, Dean’s grinning, and then arms are around him. “The hell have you been?” Dean’s voice in his ear, a little wobble in his tone, and Castiel can’t help but close his eyes, can’t help but lift his arms to Dean’s waist and embrace him in return. This. This is what he was missing, this is why he came.
Dean holds his gaze for a minute, then nods. The Mark throbs dully on his arm.
“No, we can’t.” Dena slips her hand down to Castiel’s chin, angling it up. “And I don’t wanna.”
“Bingo.” And now she’s getting pissed. Forget bad writing, where’s the continuity here? A freaking angel goes to get Dean out of hell and now he’s just going to leave the three of them to die at the hands of some rabid ghosts? How does this make sense?
rieraclaelin asked:
“Totally called it!” Charlie spun around in her chair. She wished she had a clone or a figurine nearby to high-five.
: I’ll write our characters having sex in a confined/small space
Unless he already has.
Dean gives a noise of assent.
Castiel frowns at him. “You want me to be Dean’s Amelia.”
“What happens when we run out of rounds?” he asks. The demons rattle the windows and doors of the house where they’re camped out. They’ve gotten past the first ring of salt.
“Dean, I told you–”
Dean isn’t expecting that. He tries to shrug it off. Patting Sam on the shoulder, he heads for the door.
“I thought we were keeping things quiet for a while.”
“He’s not a pair of jeans, Dean,” Aaron snaps.
Taken off Dean’s hand, scribbled below, pushed onto Castiel’s tie.
After the audition, Dean’s gonna catch up with him and ask him. There are some stars that you just have to follow.
“Mind if I join you?”
It isn’t a matter of shipping anymore. Charlie knows that feeling, the feeling when someone makes you question the whole of who you were and guide you toward a better path. Someone who challenges you, who makes you want to be on the right side of things. She’s felt it before. Anna was right in identifying Castiel’s emotion as doubt before. But there’s another emotion there, one that Castiel himself doesn’t yet know to name.
As a real-life not-human, though? She’s still unsure.
Castiel points skyward. “There was a star there,” he says. “Between Vega and that other. It’s not there now.
“If you say so,” Castiel says. “I was joking. It wasn’t supposed to be anything.”
you.” Charlie wished she could reach through the screen and whap him. Honestly, so he’s been dead for four months, that does not excuse being braindead now of all times. Unless there was something hypnotizing about those eyes.
“You need to relax, Dean,” Cas murmurs behind him. But that’s all that comes. Dean’s waiting is spiraling down into disappointment.
“No,” Castiel echoes. “Of course not.”
Dean blinks. Castiel’s still. The name hangs leaden in the air.
One wrinkled hand covers another.
Sadly, no. And sadly, too, Anna ends up in the back of the Impala with Dean. So much for the epic potential of Pamela/Anna. Charlie had already been dreaming up a fic where Anna got her grace back and restored Pamela’s sight, and Pamela stuttered “Oh, my God, you’re… you’re beautiful…” and Anna says “I promise to never show you what I really look like,” and Pamela laughs, and they kiss and fall down on the bed in Bobby’s panic room.
Castiel’s eyes dart up at the mistletoe, then hit Dean’s pleading.
But when Castiel nods, fixes him with those blue eyes and says, “Sixish is perfect,” none of that matters.
So yeah, that’s her professional literary analysis. Unrequited love of some sort or other, doesn’t have to be romantic, doesn’t need a label. But it’s love and it’s there, and Charlie aches a little for Castiel that it’s not answered.
we’re making it up as we go along.
“Sorry, sorry,” Dean says. “Wings out now. C'mon.” He runs his hand along the top ridge of one, and Castiel takes in a sharp breath at the feel of a human hand there. He’s never experienced that before, and he’s not sure how to categorize the feeling. But he obeys, unfurling his wings and trying not to imagine what they must look like drenched as well as decrepit.
Dean strains into his hand. He has no words to respond.
Dean grins. “Freeze.”
Castiel sits in the chair by the door and squints, trying to see the small screen from the odd vantage point. He sits as he usually does, straight up, with his hands folded into his lap.
A grin spreads across Dean’s face, so wide it threatens to crack it in half. “Works for me. Let’s go spread the good word.”
“Wow. And all I got out of it were angels and demons.” And possibly a crush. “Shows you what I know.”
“Dean.” It’s all Castiel can say. He brushes his fingers against Dean’s hairline, wiping away and errant drop of rain or sweat that’s beaded there.
“And,” Castiel says, musing over the word. His gaze flies to his feet.
And Dean throws off the covers again and scowls at him. “I said, quiet!” he says. “You’re gonna wake Sam up.”
Castiel hums his agreement. “So many planets,” he says. “So many possibilities.”
But Charlie’s head has not yet begun to spin. It’s not three sentences after the dumbass comic book shop guy assumes Sam and Dean are LARPing – which they are very much NOT doing – that he pulls a book off the shelf as evidence and Charlie finds herself in a pretzel of self-referential writing.
“OK, just asking.”
“Yeah, Cas, I got that.” Dean glances at Stiles and Derek, but only briefly; his gaze is locked into Cas’s completely. “Question is, why? Other than the young-love bit.”
Dean cracks up, laughing hard enough to double over. Who knew? Turns out Cas is completely tone-deaf. “Oh, God, Cas,” he manages between peals of laughter, “I missed your sorry ass, you know that? Seriously, that was supposed to be Stairway to Heaven?” His stomach hurts, but he can’t stop chuckling. “Do me a favor. Never try and sing again.”
Castiel smiles. “Then Kansas.”
Dean and Cas under the mistletoe.
So back to business. There’s a psychic who’s writing books about Sam and Dean. And Sam and Dean know about him, because they’ve met him. And they’re okay with this? No, they can’t be. And yet here Charlie is, continuing to read, even though they’ve already said that at this point in the story, “No Rest for the Wicked” was the last book. Which means Sam and Dean let the guy go on writing.
Dean swallows and stares. This he was not expecting. Not dark hair that looks half-electrified, not eyes that could pierce right through the heart of you. And now he notices the faint bulge of muscles, the sinewy body that had been right in front of him this whole time. When the guy removes his gloves, Dean’s absolutely transfixed by his hands. Long, slender, with fingers that must be capable of so much…
If it weren’t for Castiel’s ashen face, Dean would laugh the whole thing off.
“You came back.”
And now Charlie has hopes. And given the Dean she knows, they’re not hopes that will be anything close to realized.
Aaron groans. “You’d like it if I was, wouldn’t you?”
“Three–” And Dean stops, smirking slightly and shaking his head. “Hey, can I call you Cas? Castiel’s long, and it feels dumb to call you Mr. Novak if we’re having drinks together.”
Castiel shifts, and Dean hushes him with a hiss. Sure, it’s not the most comfortable of positions, all tangled up together in a freaking hobbit hole. But uncomfortable is better than dead, and if Castiel makes a noise they’re dead. Dean listens intently as the vamps clatter through the kitchen and head up the squeaky stares right above them.
And Dean’s making noises too, groans and hisses with each full, thick stroke, but words as well, whispered into Cas’s skin. “Yeah,” he murmurs, and “do it” and “come on,” as though Castiel needs encouragement to keep going. He doesn’t even know if Cas hears him. His only response is more thrusts, each one threatening to tear him apart, each one making waves of heat and pleasure surge up through his gut until his fingers are tingling. The body above him is unrelenting, hard and solid, like a machine.
Now the blue-eyed stranger is the one at a loss for words. “I–”
“So you’ve been good,” Dean says. “You know, taking care of yourself, working…”
“Don’t be.” Dean can feel Castiel’s eyes on him, even as he looks away, embarrassed. “That meant a lot. What you just said. Thank you.”
Castiel’s lips quirk. “Little of both.”
“Where the hell are you, man?”
Dean shrugs. “Not a huge one, but I get by well enough. Half my job’s driving up to Baltimore or down to Richmond to convince owners my shop is worth the trouble of getting to it.” He can’t resist a bit of a brag. “I drive up in my own car. She’s a ‘67 Impala, and when folks see how well she runs, they’re usually sold.”
She reads it slowly, drinking in every word, and halfway through she finds her eyes are too watery to make out the letters. Sniffling, wiping her eyes with the back of her arm, Charlie forces herself to read on. Because this… this explains so much about how Dean, the real Dean, is, why he is so laden with guilt, why she has looked at him sometimes and seen a man carrying the weight of a thousand worlds on his shoulders. This must be real. This must have happened. She’s seen it written on his face long before she read it here.
21, right?” he asks lamely.
His own hips hitch forward, the head of his cock bumping Castiel’s buttock, and he closes his eyes, tries not to see the pink-on-pink, hard-on-hard contact over and over. Instead, he concentrates on his hand, on the soft jacking of Castiel’s cock, on the soft moans that are rising up audibly now, the hitched breaths and gulping swallows. His other hand finds Castiel’s waist, slides around his stomach, holds him firm.
,” Sam says. “Give him time, Dean. He’ll come around. He always has.”
“I thought you already knew,” she offers timidly. “I thought it was obvious.”
His face floods with color just thinking about it. Dean and mattresses, and how is Castiel supposed to continue this shopping trip without thinking about how Dean would look, all sleep-rumpled, waking up on his beloved memory foam mattress right next to him?
“I’m sorry for intruding,” Castiel says, then, apropos of nothing.
Castiel frowns. “I don’t know. I prefer my bed firm. I don’t like the idea of the mattress… sinking beneath me.”
“Yes.” Castiel looks briefly at his own palms. “It seems my brand of power is effective against this enemy.”
“Damaged how?”
Sucking in a breath, Sam steps closer to him, looks at him very carefully. “Maybe I’ve got this all backwards,” he says. “Maybe you’re the one who needs him.”
“Yes.” He clears his throat again, coughs a bit. “That is, I want to tell you something.”
“What the hell, dude?” Dean says. “We coulda used your help with this thing earlier.”
Charlie’s and Kevin’s hands on his shoulders force him down. “No way. You’re watching this,” Kevin says.
“Won’t let you.” There’s a little edge to Castiel’s voice, and his arms tighten around Dean’s waist. “Stay in bed.”
“It’s nursing,” Castiel says, and there’s a flat edge to his voice that Dean likes. “None of us are in it for the cushy lifestyle.”
“Yes.” Castiel is looking past Dean to Sam now. “Yes, he is.”
He should have just said “sing.” He could have. But that’s not all he wants.
Dean reddens. “Shut up. I’m not talking about that.”
* * *
“Right,” Castiel says, and settles back, watching the fire. “Priorities.”
“Then what were you doing?”
He stops, takes a breath, and notices for the first time that Dean’s pushed himself closer. He’s lying on his side, facing Cas, face turned upward and attentive even though his eyes are closed.
Holy shit, those lips really were pretty damn close to the back of his neck, because right now his lips are where his neck was and Cas’s mouth is really, really close.
where’s the angel
Castiel smiles. “Thank you, Sam too,” he says, deadpan, and they all grin.
“And– and trust me, it took some guts to get up the nerve to kiss you. So where are the freaking fireworks?”
And then he feels Misha’s hard-on against his thigh and suddenly being face-down on the carpet with Misha on top of him isn’t a bad thing at all. Chin or no chin. He sucks in a breath, keens softly, and rolls his hips upward against the press of it.
“No,” Castiel admits, “but they are heavily damaged.”
“Forget it,” Dean said.
Castiel hums and growls around him, and the vibration soak deep into Dean’s hips, make him break into a flurry of keen whispers– “Cas,” and “please,” and “don’t stop.” The unrelenting, sucking pressure never lets up, and Dean throws his head back. He’s seeing stars now, streaks of white flying through his vision, and he doesn’t know whether they come from above or just below. Doesn’t matter. Whole world’s going white, and Dean lets out a loud cry and arches his back as release breaks over him.
Dean fights down an urge to answer. He’s not the sharing-his-feelings type by a long shot, but something about Castiel makes him want to. Maybe it’s the earnest look in his eyes, or the knowledge of what they’ve been through together. It’s like a part of him has bled into Castiel, and vice versa, somewhere between the pulling from hell and the running through purgatory, and keeping things from Cas feels a bit like keeping them from himself. Which doesn’t seem right, somehow, even though he ought to have a Nobel Prize in bottling up emotions.
Dean’s name rises in Castiel’s throat over and over, anxious and desperate and pleading. “Dean,” he says as Dean licks at his nipples, taking the time to tease each, one by one, into rock-hard, sensitive nubs. “Dean,” when a hot mouth assaults his lower back, sucking downward ino the cleft of his ass and licking away the salt sweat there. “Dean!!” as Dean sucks at his neck and ear until Castiel’s a shuddering mess of raw nerves.
Dean’s whistling as he returns with a full bucket of water. He settles behind Castiel, meaning Castiel can’t see exactly what he’s doing. Something with a sponge and a bottle, and something again with a big brush that looks like it’s meant for horses.
It’s the way he whispers “I love you” just before he slides inside – like it’s the most important secret in the world, like he desperately needs Castiel to hear it. Dean would never be caught dead saying something like that, so tenderly, showing so much of his hidden heart.
God, that’s a depressing caveat to have to add to everything involving the Winchesters.
There have been so many times Charlie has wanted to throw her e-reader across the room, but this takes the cake. “Demon blood, Sam?” she shouts. “Really?” She loves Sam, honestly she does, but really, that boy makes the worst decisions. Especially where women are involved. Damn, but Charlie wishes he would just stop letting the wrong ones in. Someone needs to stage an intervention.
“Really, I can just have beer,” Aaron says, but the golem happily accepts the bottle. Dean notes with amusement that he drinks it from a wine glass, his little finger extended. For a guy made out of clay, he seems awfully relaxed in the hall of the Men of Letters… maybe it was just the old-fashioned trappings, but Dean was fairly sure he saw the big guy crack a smile.
