Steve was cut off by Bucky. "What I'm trying to say is, if you go now. There might be chance of you seeing him again. And this time, you might be able to thank him. "
"It's all thanks to the milk and your genetics dad."
"Iaccidentlybrokeintohishouse" Steve muttered fast. Even he couldn't understand a word that came out of his mouth.
Steve snatched his arm away from Tony's touch. He didn't look at Tony not even a glance. "Goodbye, Tony!" Steve gave him a farewell and simply walked out of the room.
Tony remained silent, he averted his eyes from Steve, while looking at the wet ground instead.
Steve's smile turned into a frown. "Then where is he, J.A.R.V.I.S?" He asked.
As he entered the mansion, he saw his father sitting down on a couch, while reading a newspaper. Steve walked toward his father and stood in front of him.
Tony thought.
Tony had a great idea, he could get the kid a get well soon card with some flowers or even a toy. "That'll help him to cheer up." Tony mumbled to himself.
Tony was surprised, he hadn't expect Steve to laugh. "You finally laughed. It suits you. You should laugh more."
"Fuck you!" Tony spat back.
No it's true, he wasn't exaggerating at all. His heart was killing him slowly, it hurt so fucking much.
Between time to time, Steve's eye colour always changes from ocean blue to pure red eyes.
Steve felt hurt, it was as if there was an invisible wall blocking him from touching Tony.
Steve suddenly snapped into reality when he felt a pair of soft warm hands cupping his face. The warmth yet again floated across his blood, quickly heating his body up.
"Well that house didn't have that much security. I didn't see any CCTV. He was drunk, plus he doesn't remember"
Tony got out of the car with a gift on his hands. He handed it to Steve. "Here is your birthday, gift. Open it now, so I could your reaction."
Tony was wet and so opened for Steve to take him already. He couldn't stop from moaning, all Tony felt was pleasure.
Without saying anything, Steve walked toward the door. Not even once he looked back at Tony.
"Oh my god Steve, don't tell me you got distracted cause you saw Tony making out with someone" Natasha asked, she lifted one of her eyebrows.
A young woman, who happened to be the owner of the Cafe, came to their table. "Tony! What a pleasant surprise."
Bucky sighed. "See, you're spacing out again and you're smiling so much that it's scaring me" Bucky gave him a playful smirk.
Natasha and Tony parted from the hug. "Nat! How have you been, sweetheart?" Tony asked in friendly tone.
It was already midnight and Steve still had his dim lights on. He leaned against his bed frame, his eyes were fixed on the book he was reading. The chapter he was in pretty much summarized the incident that happened just fews hours to Steve.
The spark that King Joseph once saw in Steve's eyes ever since Tony had shown up was completely erased along with Tony's memories.
After a minute or two, he slowly broke from the hug and looked at Tony. His mind froze when he saw the look on Tony; he had a winsome smile on his face.
"Thank you and the dance you did earlier was outstanding, I wish I knew how to dance. "
Tony drove to the hospital and rushed inside. "This boy needs medical attention now" Tony demanded. The doctors took the little boy in the sketchers and immediately examined him.
When he embraced the man, the warmth spread across his body. His body and heart both felt warm for the very first time.
Tony's and Steve's parents were in the courtyard, when they witnessed Tony fall. Everything happened so quick, in front of their eyes.
"Yeah, go on!" Tony allowed him to carry on with his dumb ass theory.
Steve carried the man to the bathroom and gently placed him down underneath the shower. Who knows how long the man had stayed in those wet clothes for.
"Thank God! I'm so glad you're alright and you're welcome, sweetheart." The man looked so relieved, as a bright smile spreads across his beautiful face. "Now, quickly go and take a shower or otherwise you're gonna catch a cold and I can't have that. Not in my watch." He repeated the same thing Steve had told him.
Bucky scoffed. "Overworked had a panic attack at the same then ended up in the hospital, sorry to break it to you, but you're not alright, you punk!" Bucky kindly reminded him with a glare.
Tony was too drunk to get startled by him. Steve's eyes met with his, he felt a stab in his heart, he saw nothing but pain in Tony's eyes. Oh how he wished he could take away all of his pain, with a snap of his fingers.
°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°
Steve looked inside the bag and got out two toys. He gasped, how did the young guy knew that I loved these two superheroes the most? "Ma, look. He bought me my favourite superheroes, Iron Man and Captain America." He showed her the toys in full of excitement. His eyes were sparkling.
"J.A.R.V.I.S call the ambulance-"
"I'll ask my butler to get it." Steve informed his butler to get the cameria to hus chamber.
Bucky snapped out of his thoughts when someone had bumped into him. He smelt a faint scent of something sweet; it was aromatic.
Steve wanted more, his tongue demanded entry for the man to open his mouth, so his tongue could explore and taste every inch of the man's mouth.
Steve frowned at him. "So our plans are cancelled after all?" He asked, while trying so hard not to sound disappointed but he failed miserable. Steve was never good at lying.
Steve slightly shook Tony's shoulders, trying to get his attention on him and to make Tony look at him. "Tony, please I beg you say something." He pleaded desperately in hope to find the answers.
"Yes, I believe so. I asked one of nurse, she said it was the young man that saved you, bought these just for you." Sarah replied with a smile.
Tony felt a sudden tingling feeling inside, it was his first time hearing Steve call him by his first name. The way Steve said his name sounded so right, especially because of his deep voice.
Tony looked around the hotel room and noticed there were two bags on the couch.
Tony's lips trembled and his shoulders heaved with emotions, unwilling to back down. His dark lashes brimmed heavy with tears; his hands clenched into shaking fists, in a desperate battle against the grief.
Tony pouted like a child who was refused to do something they really wanted, in which they waited so long for. He went and sat back in chair, slouching until you could only see the tip of his head from the table.
Sarah knew someone had brought her son in the hospital. But, she didn't have a clue to who it was. She asked the doctors but, their answers were the same. Everyone kept saying they didn't know who it was, Sarah knew they were lying, but she didn't say anything.
The man was a little bit shorter than him. "Ouch! That fucking hurts." The guy muttered underneath his breath, slightly rubbing his forehead with his hand.
The red eyes always reminded Steve how inhumane he truly was. As a child his iris changed colour frequently, it scared the crap out of everyone, except his family.
But, where exactly was he? In the end, did he die? No, that can't be right! Bucky was certain that he'd escaped death. No, this had to be a dream. He knew he wasn't dead because he felt so much alive. He could feel other people's presence around him.
After a long minutes of embrace, Tony broke from the hug. "I thought you won't be here for another week?" Tony asked.
The water drops, felt so relaxing as it hit his skin, washing away his discomforts.
Wait, did that mean Tony was thinking about him? Obviously when you were to find someone familiar, you would think about where you've seen them, right? So that meant, Tony Stark was actually thinking about Steve. Or maybe Steve was delusional.
Steve felt his face burning up, he knew he was blushing like crazy. Thank God! He had his helmet on. Otherwise, Tony would've caught him blushing and things might have gone awkward between them two.
"Steven! What a pleasant surprize, my boy." Steve's father, Joseph Rogers. The king of Americ Kingdom.
Steve pulled him into a hug, "it's been so long, Sam."
He concentrated in the slightest noise. Bucky heard voices that were muffled. He pushed his thoughts back and focused on the voices.
Steve's heart ached, he had seen something so unexpected. He had never thought there would be a day where he would witness Tony Stark looking so broken and vulnerable. It was almost as if the man had been wearing a mask this whole time, deceiving everyone to believe he was a playboy without any emotions.
"Ah, sweetie!" She hugged him.
"Hahaha so funny" Bucky said sarcastically.
His eyes began to close, he had tried keeping them open but his eyelids were too heavy. He was almost out of oxygen. Just when Bucky was about to give up, he heard a splash. Someone must've jumped into the water, he could hear the faint sound of people screaming.
Anthony.
Bucky was dumbfounded by Tony, as his eyes grew bigger. How was this even possible? How did Tony know everything? How did Tony know him inside out, even though they've just met yesterday?
"Fuck! Ahhhh! Faster, Steve. Gimme everything you've got." Tony panted, while wrapping his arms around Steve and kissing him deeply.
Steve gently held Tony's member, carefully bringing his lips to it, his tongue playfully licking the top and then taking the whole thing inside his mouth. Whilst fingering Tony in and out and adding the third finger in.
A sudden clicked noise came from outside, causing Steve to snap from his thoughts back to the tight situation he was already in.
"Ohhhh! Take that Barnes" Clint snickered.
Thankfully, after a few seconds, Steve was able to breathe again. He shot his eyes open. The first thing he saw a long eyelashes. The guy had his lips against his and was still breathing for him.
"I didn't buy them, I'm the one who painted it-"
"You're the one who started it, you flicked my forehead first, did you seriously expect you'd get away from me, just because you're my boss?" Pepper stated confidently.
The room was awfully pitched  black, to the point where Bucky felt a strange feeling agitated him. It was so dark, that Bucky wasn't even sure whether if his eyes were closed or opened this entire time.
Steve's body completely froze. His heart sank, as he saw the man's eyes filled with tears of sadness and sorrow.
But, seriously he needed a break. Steve sometimes visited the museum, when he felt like he needed to escape from reality. It was his way of releasing stress.
"Stark was the one who brought you here, he's still in the hospital. He's friends with the director of this hospital. So they're having a long convo." Bucky read him like an open book. Was Steve that obvious?
Steve's tears dripped down his cheeks. "B-Bucky, I lost him before I could've even had him. I love him so much, I lost him Bucky. Know his alive but the news. I don't know what to do, It feels like someone had ripped my heart open, it hurts so much." Steve whimpered between the sobs.
, Steve was so tempted to kiss Tony in the lips. Somehow, he was able to fought that urge.
Tony could feel Steve's body trembling against his.
He quickly took a shower and got out. He wrapped a medium size towel around his waist and a small towel around his neck. Steve removed the waterproof bandage off and walked inside his bedroom.
“look, Tony. There's a reason why things turned out like the way it did. Your relationship with Pepper didn't work out because you probably belong to someone else. There is someone out there who loves you unconditionally." Rhodey explained.
Steve blushed at the thought of Tony being his boyfriend. For some reason, he hadn't felt disgusted. Instead, he felt a sense of happiness because he didn’t mind being in a relationship with Tony.
"Today, Nickie tried hiring a personal bodyguard for me. Can you believe it? Even though, Pepper tripled the amount of security guards then before after that incident and having a personal bodyguard is too much for me.
"You think I'm hot?" Steve asked, he literally had no idea on how to respond to Tony without freaking out.
Tony stood there not knowing what to do. His eyes never once left Steve. "S-Steve I-" Tony stuttered, he was loss of words. He didn't have a clue to how he was going to explain this to Steve.
Tony stared at him blankly, he pushed the helmet Steve's way. "You're the who's riding the bike in front, so it's important that you  wear the helmet. Forget about me, I don't need it."
"What! Oh My God! Are you for real, Steve that's incredibly amazing. Maybe, one day you could paint me, I'd love to see how beautiful I look. You truly are one talented prince."
Tony lifted one of his eyebrows up. "Really?" He asked.
"What! Tony Stark?" Steve shouted loud.
Suddenly, the man stiffened. Steve wondered why, that's when it hit him. He quickly took of the jacket he had around  his waist and covered the man's head. He then wrapped his arms around the man and embraced him.
The next morning Tony woke up with a strange feeling. The first thing he saw, when he opened his eyes was a blonde man sleeping next to him or Tony was literally sleeping against the man's bare chest.
Steve leaned forward, with only an inch apart from Tony's face. "Why, did you run away from me, Tony?" He asked in dangerous tone of voice.
When the smaller opened his mouth, both of their tongues fought for dominance. It was as if they were eating each other. Steve couldn't ignore the man's moaning between the kiss, God! It sounded so fucking hot.
I hope we don't ever cross path with each other again. After all, you were just a one-night stand and nothing more or less, isn't that right Steve Rogers? Or should I say Captain America, well that was what everyone thought you were, even me.
That name, where has he heard that name before?
Steve hadn't failed to notice that the man was incredibly beautiful, when he first laid eyes on the man. He knew the man looked stunningly handsome, even in the rain the man looked so God damn sexy. Steve had to admit the man  was rather a dishy looking guy.
Tony got out his card and paid the fees for treatment and medications, he told them not to reveal his name to the boy's family or him.
Ever since that night, Steve spent most of his time doing portraits of Tony. Every time he closed his eyes, he'd always see Tony's beautiful smile.
"You have no idea how much I hate you, Steve." Tony muttered to himself, clenching his fist hard.
Why was it that everytime he met Tony Stark, Steve was the one having a panic attack and Tony was the one saving him?
Tony already knew Steve would be the type to agree without a question.
Steve had never thought about that. Just great, now Bucky had planted this thought inside his head. Steve kept replaying the moment Tony had kissed him on that day in his head. He couldn't help but think how soft Tony's lips were. Let's be honest, Steve hadn't expected a guy's lips to this soft and smooth.
Steve must've be dreaming. He must've heard it wrong. Yep, his ears were definitely deceiving him. Steve was lost in his thoughts, debating whether this was real or just a dream.
It was the first time, someone addressed him like that, Steve loved it. He nodded with a smile.
Steve looked at him with confusion, he literally had no idea to where this conversation was going to. "How else is a mouth-to-mouth CPR supposed to work?"
"T-Tony br-broke up with me, fa-father." Steve stuttered between the sobs.
"You're a hypocrite, Tony." Steve replied. Those words came of out Steve's mouth without a warning. Steve wasn't thinking straight, he never meant any of those words.
Bucky remained silent, he avoided Steve's eyes. After a few seconds, Bucky spoke. "Stevie, remember that guy I told you about, the guy who saved my life and also me made realize about my feelings for Nat."
"There's no need for you to be sorry, I was never asleep to begin with. I gotta be honest with you, cupcake. You are the most caring, generous, amicable, attentive, kind and gentle man I've ever met. How can someone like you even exist? I'm so fucking touched. You are so God damn special because you're very unique and one of a kind.
Tony walked near Bucky. "Hot as fuck! That was her exact words" Tony whispered into his ear.
Was it ‘cause of his personality or his ego? Nah! There was definitely something else about him; which he can’t seem to put his finger on it.
Ever since Steve was a child, he was never good at understanding feelings or emotions. He watched his close friends get girlfriends and fall in love. Steve envied them, envied that they're able to feel and be loved.
Howard smirked. “Fine, I'll stop teasing. But aren't going to introduce me to this gentleman."
The man unconsciously placed his hands on Steve's shoulder for support. He was startled by Steve. "Ah fuck!" He muttered underneath his breath.
He softly whispered into Tony's ear " We'll meet soon, Tony. I promise, my beloved Tony." Steve had a warm gentle smile on his face. and slowly walked away, with one last peck on Tony's soft lips.
Steve didn't want to disturb him, the guy looked very serene. He decided to let the man rest. He gently put his arms underneath his legs, whilst the other hand behind the man's back and carefully lifting him off the couch into his arms.
Tony snapped from his thought when he heard someone calling his name.
A week has past since that dreadful night. Steve could still remember, like it happened yesterday. The memories were awfully painful.
Bucky gulped, women sure were terrifying sometimes. He didn't ask anymore questions 'cause he had a bad feeling about it or it was probably cause Natasha was glaring at him; secretly warning him about the consequences, if he were to open his mouth again about her.
Tony took off his goggles "What-"
•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•
Steve ran his fingers through his hair and muttered. "I need you in my life, Tony." He was fixated on the beautiful portrait of Tony.
Just before Steve could wrap his arms around the smaller man. A group of people came rushing down here, the splashing noise of them running around pissed Steve off. How dare they disturb his peaceful moment.
Rhodey parted his body away from Tony's, he had an weak smile. "Yeah, but not until you are old, do you hear me Tony" He replied, while messing up Tony's hair.
Steve looked at him with a straight face. "What do you mean?" He stared at him with confusion. Steve was sure that he was acting perfectly normal. There's no way in hell, he'd be able to tell Bucky about the incident earlier.
Steve felt dejected, he didn't want to give up just yet.
Tony chuckled. "Calm down sweetheart."
Steve gaped at Tony, he felt breathless. Tony's voice calmed him down, he was too focus on Tony.
"What do you mean?" Bucky asked, squinting his eyes.
Steve would rather die then let  anyone have Tony. There is no way in hell, he would ever witness Tony being happy or let him spend his life with some random person.
Steve hugged her. "Mother, he's the only person in earth that loved me so much. Tony always sacrificed himself for others, he's the most selfless person, I've ever met. I want him to be mine forever."
"Anthony’s here is building his own robot. Like father like son. Day by day, Anthony never fails to surprise me." Howard proudly informed them.
It had made Steve felt weak and powerless, he hated it. No one should be in a state like this, they deserved far more, they deserved happiness.
Steve wanted to get drunk, in hope that the pain would just go away already, but as being the royal blood, he had high tolerance in liquor. Which, fucking sucked 'cause there were times when he wished he was so drunk that he'd forget everything, even about the pain.
"Tony!" Natasha called out, but Tony ignored her. The whole room was silent yet again.
Steve smiled at Tony. "I really appreciate the offer, yes I would love to join."
"No!" Steve shouted. "I mean, you're wrong, of course I want to spend time with you, Tony. I'm more than happy to drop you off now, if that's what you want." Steve explained, hoping that Tony would understand about what he meant.
Sarah watched as her son played with the toy. She hadn't seen him this happy for a very long time. How was she ever thank the man who did so much her and her only son?
Steve gasped with a sudden moment of realization.
Tony looked toward Bucky and winked. " Of course, you too Barnes." Tony went near Bucky and whispered something to him, making Bucky blush.
Tony jumped out of his chair and interrupted Nick. "No! You can't be serious. I don't need a babysitter, I've never signed out for this shit." Tony growled in anger and stormed out of the room. "I'm outta here."
Steve only hoped that Tony hadn't noticed his heart pounding like crazy.
"How did you manage to notice Steve, when you were clearly busy making out?" Rhodey asked.
Tony smirked and looked at Natasha. "Nat told me so much about you, that I could easily notice it's you. She told me how you look h-" Natasha cut him off,
"Oh My God! You are. My best friend fell in love with Tony Stark." Bucky covered his mouth in shock. "Why didn't you tell me before?"
Tony wasn't going to just stand there and take in everything. He hated when people shouted at him for no reason, he wasn't going to stay quite. Steve had no rights to shout at him, Tony hadn't done anything wrong.
At that moment, the help had arrived with a small boat. They carefully pulled Bucky up into the boat and laid him there. "Mr Stark, are you okay?" One of the crew member asked, while pulling him up. Great! just great! This guy had to ask such a fucked up question in a situation like this.
Bucky covered his mouth. "Shush!" Whilst using his other hand to indicate the shush sign with his index finger on his lips.
Bucky frowned at Natasha, "I still can't believe you exposed my little secret." Bucky pouted.
The private paramedic arrived less then a minute and put Tony on the skechers, then carried him to the helicopter. Not wasting any seconds and took him to the nearest hospital.
"Are you okay boss?" Happy asked, as he handed the First Aid Box to Tony.
The door opened, a young boy was standing there. "Dad, you've been in your room for the whole day, is everything al- Holy smokes! That's Tony Stark." The boy's eyes were glued to the painting with a huge smile.
Steve nodded in agreement. "If that's what makes you comfortable then I'm definitely alright with it."
Amy smile grew bigger. "Everything is going so smoothly and it's all thanks to you, Tony." She replied. "The children are doing great, both in health and education."
"I left my phone at home, sorry." Steve replied with a slight frown.
Obviously, Steve so fucking hot. He scoffed. Like my eyes would miss something so-
"Dude, what's wrong?" Bucky asked as he observed Steve.
"Bucky, are you that oblivious about your own feelings for Nat?" Tony asked, lifting his right eyebrow up.
If only he knew. But that was impossible cause there were way too many gaps. He'd never been able to figure Natasha out; she was always a mystery. But, there was something about her that drew him. Every times he's near her, he always gets this tingly feeling.
Steve froze there. He must've heard that wrong. It had to be. There was no way Tony would say that to him.
"Tony, so good to see you. How are you doing these days?" Sarah asked, with a friendly smile. "I see you've already met my son."
His lips curved into a smile. Tony ran toward Nick and hugged him. "Oh Nickie, I always knew you cared about me. But hearing it from your mouth makes it more meaningful."
Just like that, time flew by. Steve graduated from high school. Bucky and him joined the army.
"Cap?" Steve questioned, not that he minded it. Well, the nickname was kinda cute.
Steve shot his eyes opened, yet again his blue eyes met with those beautiful hazel brown eyes. The eyes which he could never seem to forget.
Steve smiled at him. "It's alright. I'm Rogers, Steve Rogers. It's a pleasure, to meet you Mr. Stark." Steve introduced himself, getting his hand out.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop. I just heard your voice and I-"
Steve literally didn't have a clue on what possessed him to potray such act. It was as if his body was moving on it's on, like an invincible force pulling him in.
Steve thought bitterly.
Bucky was out of oxygen, he couldn't breathe at all. God! That was it, he was going die. When all of sudden Bucky felt Tony's grip against his head. Tony held his face and gave him a mouth-to-mouth, giving Bucky oxygen. Hopefully, it'd be enough for them to reach the surface.
"I don't have one." Steve bluntly replied. Well, it was the truth, he was never interested in having a girlfriend to begin with, he was far too busy for that.
The door clicked open, he heard the footsteps getting closer. Steve slowly tilted his head forward. He saw a figure harshly opening the fridge door and then slamming it closed. The man walked out of the kitchen into the living room.
"Okay, stop that. You're scaring me." Steve told him.
Sarah chuckled. "Awww Tony, that's so sweet of you."
Steve cried out his heart. Joseph had never seen Steve cry like this, not ever. Wait, he'd seen him like this on that day, when...
"We'll start from moving side to side. slowly. You need to make sure to make eye contact with your partner. So, look me in the eyes, Rogers."
The next day, Bucky and Tony were hanging out together, whilst Natasha was doing something else. Apparently it was classified information.
"What's wrong, Stark?" Steve asked, while observing Tony's behaviour.
Tony gaped at Steve, slightly squinted his eyes. "Let me get this straight, you have a man crush on me, right? Or am I just imagining it?" Tony asked playfully.
"No matter what happens, don't stop recording. It'll be funnier to watch it later." Tony instructed, the butler responded with a nod.
As they reached to the door, Tony got out his hand to open the door, when suddenly Steve held it open and waited for Tony head inside.
Steve couldn't help but thought how Tony was a stunningly attractive, charismatic man. The man's charm was drawing him in.
Steve was dying of embarrassment on the inside, he just accidentally blurted out everything. He was only supposed ask Tony out for Coffee.
"So, what do we do doctor? Are you saying, er have erase every memories of Steven and Anthony?"
"Hi, J.A.R.V.I.S." Steve greeted back with a smile. "Is Tony in his floor?" He asked.
Bucky felt apprehensive about being in this situation. This wasn't the time for him to be panicking, no matter he had wake up from this odious nightmare. It was as if he was trapped in a place that was full of darkness.
"No problemo." Tony said, as he followed Steve and sat behind him on the bike.
The boy stood there in front of Steve and held out his hand, wanting to shook hands with Steve. "Hi, Steve. My name is Anthony Edward Stark, but you can call me Tony." The boy introduced himself with a warm smile.
"Jarvis is not feeling well, so he's at home."
Tony gently cupped Steve's face and fully focused on him. "Steve, I know you think, I'm being a jerk right now, not that I blame you because I totally am. But, soon you'll realize that our break up was bound to happen. Believe me, I didn't want to avoid you, being with you only made it harder for me to completely give up on you. I wasn't avoiding you for what happened that night, although you were kinda scary.
Steve should never shed tears for anyone, especially not him.
Tony blinked in confusion. "I only said that 'cause I thought Steve might've be uncomfortable. Especially, with someone he only just met." Tony replied. "I didn't mean it in a rude way or anything, Steve. I just wanted to let you know that, it's okay to reject, even if it's a Stark." He said, while looking at Steve. Tony had a frown on his face.
A relief brought a smile on Tony's face. "Well, then let's get going."
"There's a café near by, they serve the best dessert. We can go there if you want" Tony suggested.
It was a foolish thing to do, clearly his mind was elsewhere.
"So who's blood is that, Tony?" Rhodey asked. Tony hoped he wouldn’t had asked that question that he was trying so hard to avoid.
"Bucky, I-"
Tony glared at him for a few seconds. "Shit, I didn't expect you to be here, out of all places." Tony said. "Yeah, don't worry about it, anyway How's your hand?" Tony asked.
Steve chuckled and slightly pinched Tony by the cheeks, mirroring Tony's action from before.
Bucky was dazed by Natasha. He didn't know how to react. Both of them stared into each other's eyes. Bucky felt his heart pound in a fast-paced, his could feel his ears and face burning; he knew he was blushing like crazy.
The warmth he had felt all night suddenly disappeared. Steve shot his eyes wide open, he was shivering. His body was so cold. Steve felt gutted when he didn't see the man sleeping beside him.
Just when Bucky thought their mission was going smoothly, then this happened. Life truly was cruel; it was the bitter truth.
But, Steve didn't care. Everyone here were a family. Plus, Steve wasn't the secretive type.
Who ever designed the hospital, clearly saw the bigger picture.
Tony faked smiled and stood up,"sorry no can do. This meeting is boring as fuck. I couldn't care less about my safety. All I need is to find that motherfucker. So are guys willing to help me or not?" He pressed both of his hands on the table and leaned forward.
"Soulmate is like your other half, who makes you feel completed and knows you more then anyone else. It's like they were born just to be with you forever. They will always love you no matter what. " Tony tried explaining in the most simplest way he could.
Tony glanced at man one last time. Damn, his one-night stand was fucking hot, it was a shame that he won't see him ever again.
"I just...I don't know Nat. I seriously don't know what happened to me." Steve sighed. It was true, even Steve didn't know the answers to that.
"Tony Stark's first debut with 'Don't Let Me Go' is out now, here's a preview of the song. " The lady announced in the radio.
Steve was on top of Tony again, he intertwined their fingers together and gently slipped inside of Tony.
Tony got out the car and hugged his dad tight and then his mom, "I'll miss you guys. I love you and be safe, mom and dad." His parents kissed him goodbye and went, leaving Tony alongside the royal family.
Everything was going according to plan. Well, until he saw someone at the corner of his eyes; a couple making out.
Steve snapped out of his thoughts, when he felt something or rather someone  crashing onto his chest. An aromatic scent filled the air, Steve looked down and saw a man, who was couple of inches shorter than him.
He looked at Tony in his arms, he looked so peaceful in his sleep. Steve wished he could get rid of Tony's sadness and make him smile.
In response, Steve nibbled the man's ear and whispered. "I'll make you scream my name and you'll be begging me not to stop."
Steve couldn't believe it. So, all this time he kept having all those weird feelings, was because he was in love with Tony Stark.
The doors took forever to shut, Tony let out a curse and ran out of elevator.
Steve was paralysed, the image of Tony's fall, broke him into pieces. Something inside him was ripped apart. It was as if his soul had left his body, only leaving behind an empty vessel.
"It's fine, by the way mind giving me a lift?" Tony asked, hoping that Steve won't reject him.
Just when Tony opened the car, Howard received a call.
It'd been two days since, Tony locked himself in the lab. That was the only way he could distract himself from these emotions and feelings.
Tony's eyes lit up in excitement. "WOW, It's exactly like the movie I watched. But, this time it happened in real life. " Tony moved closer to Steve and held his hand and intertwined them tightly yet gently. "Do you know what that means? It means we're soulmates."
Bucky took his towel and made Steve sat on the bed. He dried his hair for him.
Despite knowing that, Tony got out his pinky finger. He knew this was a childish thing to do but who cares, they're were just kids anyway. Somehow, by doing this would give him hope, even if it was the slightest; it made him feel reassured "pinky promise." He was slightly pouting like lost child.
Tony avoided his eyes, he couldn't hide anything from Rhodey. There was no point in trying to act normal in front of Rhodey with the whole breakup thing; cause the truth was he wasn't fine at all, no matter how hard he tried, the fucking pain won't go away.
Sadly, Steve can't seem to picture how this child looked like. Even so, those words kept him alive for so long, hoping that one day he'd meet this person again. Those words were a motivation to him because he knew there was someone just like him, who felt safe being alone in this big world.
Bucky shot his eyes opened and stared at Tony with confusion. That was the least thing he expected Tony to ever say. "How did you know?" He asked.
Both of them couldn't stop laughing, they laughed until their stomach hurt. Since that day, they're friendship grew stronger.
He was on his knee crying. "Tony! Daddy's here. I'm so sorry, I wasn't here. But, I promise you, you're going to be okay." Howard promised, gasping between the sob.
Steve noticed how Tony was a little tensed. "Are you sure you're ready?" Steve asked, just to be extra sure.
Those wounded scars that was left in his heart when he had woken up 75 years in the future, teared him into pieces. Every one he ever cared about vanished from existence. His mom, dad, Bucky and Peggy.
"I'm sorry your majesty, but to keep prince Steven safe, these are consequences we must pay."
Bucky took a deep breath, he managed to calm himself down, he tried focusing on what was around him. Maybe, this was his only way out?
Tony chuckled even more. "Pepper, you had some balls in doing that to me, your one and only boss, in the first day of becoming my PA." Tony said with a smug of his face.
They fucked for hours, moaning in pleasure. They simply couldn't get rid of this addiction.
It had been a month, since Steve had last seen Tony. It felt like a year, who knew time would be this slow. Every seconds constantly reminded Steve about Tony. It was simply torture. He wanted to see Tony so badly.
"Steven's heath improved because of Anthony. I haven't seen Steven this happy before. But, thanks to Anthony, we were able see our son smile after a very long time. Anthony is his first friend and your telling me take all of that from my son."
Steve hated the fact that Tony thought of him as a stranger. He wanted to be more than that to Tony. The least he wanted, was to be Tony's friend.
His sharp jawline was in contrast with flawless skin. He's expression remained cold as ice, it was as if his features were molded from granite.
"Aww you're a cute little child." Pepper corrected him. She pulled both of his cheeks.
Tony was the first person to ever ask Steve to be friends with. He was dying with joy in the inside.
Tony than found a 'get well soon' card. After paying for everything, he went to the flower store next door and bought a beautiful banquet for the kid. Tony walked back to his car.
Until a sudden knock on the door interrupted him. He looked up and saw Bucky leaning against the door, hands folded across. "You seem to be really into that book, Stevie."
"God! I sometimes feel like you and Pepper are my second parents." Tony said with a cheeky smile.
Steve stared at Tony. He's eyes looked fully of worries. Steve was lost in those beautiful brown eyes.
Bucky looked at Natasha, "So, mind translating what Stark just said?" Bucky asked.
He was lighter then he looked, was he even eating properly? Steve hoped the man's health was alright.
Oh dear lord! How did I forget that Bucky knew me inside out. He can't hide anything from Bucky, Steve had to admit he was terrible at lying, he just wasn't good at hiding things.
Steve stared right into Tony's hazel eyes. Somehow, all the nervousness seemed to have disappeared. His body was moving on it's own, he was actually dancing.
"It's mean she-" Natasha once again covered his genius mouth, with her hand.
Tony gaped at him. "Don't laugh at me, but you look like my childhood idol."
Steve gaped at Tony, he looked really pissed off. Tony Stark was a busy man, the fact that he even took his time to spend it with Steve. So, without arguing Steve nodded and wore the helmet. "Crystal Clear." He replied. "And by the way, Stark. I'm three years older then you."
Well, to be honest one of Steve's secret was that he's fucking rich as fuck, even richer then Tony Stark. That may seem hard to believe, but that was the truth. Steve had many secrets that were yet to be unfold.
Steve placed his arms around Tony's waist and pulled him into a tight hug. He buried his face into junction of shoulder and neck.
Everyone was right all along, Tony was far too broken. He can never belong to Steve. He can never be his. Steve deserved someone more better; someone who'll give him everything he needs and cherish him with all their hearts.
Everthing clicked, Steve knew that song, all of a sudden his memories rushed out to him. He felt like he was in a portal full of his lost memories. He remembered everything. Steve recalled every missing pieces of his childhood memories.
How in the world, would he be okay, after almost drowning? Tony was too weak to shout, so he ignored the question.
The thunder echoed in the sky with a big BOOM!
On the other hand, Steve was dying with happiness, he couldn't believe his ears. Tony Stark had just called him hot. He was beaming with joy, he couldn't help but smile. "Then would you believe me if I told you, I've never been in a relationship?" Steve asked, he wanted to see Tony's reaction.
A smile of joy lit up his face. "I'd love that, Tony." Steve replied.
•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•
Tony kissed his teeth, he was literally annoyed.
Steve thought.
By the time, they reached there. Happy was already waiting for them in the car. They both got inside the car."Happy, pass me the first Aid Box"
"I-I'm fine, Bucky." No, Steve was not fine at all. He couldn't even describe how he was feeling. All he knew was that he hated this feeling.
Tony kissed him in the cheeks. “I’m perfectly fine, so cheer up.”
Steve gave a slight nod and walked toward his motorcycle.
Bucky pulled him into a hug. "Thank you for saving my life, Tony. I won't ever forget what you did for me." Bucky said, he moved his body from the hug.
Steve tightened the grip on his wrist even more. He was so close to losing his temper. This time he gripped Tony by the neck and smashed their lips together. He slipped his tongue inside Tony's warm mouth and playfully explored every inch of it. He sucked his tongue aggressively and constantly licked Tony's bottom lips again and again.
After a couple of seconds he stood up, gently patting his cheeks. "C'mon Tony Stark, you better man up!" He encouraged himself. Tony took a deep breath and tried controlling his emotions.
"TONY! OH MY GOD! YOU'RE BLEEDING!" Rhodey shouted.
When he cried there was a rawness to it, like the pain was still an open wound. Steve couldn't bare to see the Tony Stark, who was confident and witty, crying like this over someone.
Bucky felt a sense of happiness. Tony Stark was literally in front of him.
"Is that so." Steve replied with a chuckle. Oh well, that was pretty much expected. Steve main focus was to have a conversation with Tony that his comfortable with.
"Boys it's time to cut the cake. " The queen announced.
“Shhhh! It’s a secret.” Tony put his index finger on his lips. He winked and walked off. "I'll see you guys later" He said, waving his hand whilst his back was faced toward them.
Tony held his other hand, his grip was tight yet gentle. "We'll go through the back. J.A.R.V.I.S tell Happy to drive to the back immediately"
"Don't you dare to let go of me." Tony warned him, he grunted in pain and tried his best to pull Steve up.
Steve was fuming with rage. He couldn't just let their relationship end like this, not after all the things they've been through.
Steve began to panic even more. Soon his vision became blurry. Oh God! He couldn't breathe at all.
It was strange how Steve was at the edge of crying. Not long before, he couldn't even feel emotions or a single drop of tear.
The last thing Tony remembered was seeing the horrified look on Steve's face and him calling his name, but it sounded muffled. Everything soon turned darker than black.
Fuck it, he couldn't stop himself anymore. He was way passed the line, all Steve knew that he needed to have the man, now or never.
Two guys hugging in the rain, especially this late at night. There's no way they wouldn't be mistaken for a couple. PDA tends to make anyone feel awkward, even  scumbags like those mother fuckers.
That special someone is right in front of me. "Thank you, Tony." Steve smiled at him.
How did Steve end up here? The last thing he remembered was passing out on Tony's lap. Was Tony the one who brought him here? But, where exactly was he anyway?
"He's not a stranger, the fact that you even remembered his name, totally proves that." Howard pointed out.
"Anyway I should get going. My friends are probably looking for me, Thank you so Mr Stark, I really appreciate you helping me" Steve said.
"W-what, I wasn't implying you, Stevie. Calm you're ass down." Bucky said, he had a huge grin on his face.
Steve gazed admiringly at the pulchritudinous brunette. The look that the man had on his face was freaking adorable.
Steve was fascinated at thought of soulmates. Two souls being madly in love that they love each other in every alternative universe. Not that Steve knew what love actually was.
Soon they were out of condoms and finally decided to give a break to their body. Soon they both fell asleep.
"Pepperony!" Bucky shouted
"Thank God! Your okay Tony, you nearly gave me a heart attack" Rhodey sighed in relief. He hugged Tony tightly, "I won't forgive you, if you die Tony." Rhodey warned in a dangerous tone of voice.
Bucky and Natasha chuckled, Tony never fails to amuse them. "C'mere, my little hero." Bucky said, while opening his arms wide, offering a big tight hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, Steve thought as he approached the pile.  Moving rocks and pieces of wood wasn't what he had envisioned using his super soldier serum for, but he supposed that nothing these days was what he'd envisioned, so he might as well roll with the punches.
"Firing!"
The choice is remarkably simple.
.  Not that there was any danger of that, since Steve knew full well that he wasn't really ogle material.  But still!
"And… it's working fine?" Steve pressed, wanting to be sure.
Tony managed to quirk his lips up at her.  "And here I thought you were supposed to rob me blind."
“You were hurt and it was right out in the open,” Rogers countered.  “Anyone could see.”
But today was different.  Steve had been looking out the window when he heard footsteps behind him, and as soon as he smelled the harsh smell of alcohol - so, so unlike the gentle lavender scent Tony's Ma carried with her - he knew that it was going to be bad.
Now it was Steve’s turn to look dazed, apparently—very slowly, he lifted one hand up, pressing his fingers to his lips as his gaze met Tony’s.  “Oh,” he said at last.
"No, you did," Cap said.  "Right after it happened.  You don't need to say it again."
Finally, the man spoke again.  "In any case, your friend has joined us.  I would much rather include him in the conversation, don't you think?"
He puts his head in his hands, wishing he could get just a few moments of peace, but no matter how hard he tries to block everything out, he can still see Steve’s lifeless body whenever he closes his eyes.  Finally, he gives up, going to the operating table to look at the real thing instead.
Sunset just laughs, spreading her hands wide.  “And yet here I am doing it anyway.  It’s time for me to move on, Tony.  You’re holding me back.”
"Turkey," Cap repeated.  "Okay.  And when you say she won't fly for long… do you think she can make it to Turkey?"
"I wanted to pretend this wasn't happening, because if it didn't happen then there'd be nothing to remember," Steve said dully, and as much as he didn't want to look, he forced himself to anyway.  Ma was Ma, and even if she looked like she was...
“You can’t always get what you want,” he said.
So, home.  Except apparently the universe had some other plans for him first, because once he'd left the building and got onto the main street he felt a tap on his shoulder.  He turned around and - it was Dougie. Of course it was Dougie.
loose.  "Just - just to keep him company, I guess," he added instead.
If Tony had known that years from when Steve had asked that question, he'd be here in the Atlantic to find his body, what would he have done?
This was bad.  This was really, really bad.  He could vaguely recall seeing Rogers passing out seconds before he himself had hit the floor—so what had happened after that?  Had another sabretooth come down and—God forbid—eaten him?  Because Rogers wasn’t here anymore, just his clothes and his shield and oh God what was he going to do.
His only comfort was that a lot of them seemed like they wouldn't be relevant in the near future, at least.  As it turned out, Steve had woken up in a different room and a different bed, but Tony's laptop had been sitting on the nearby desk, and Steve hadn't hesitated to immediately reach over and open it up to listen to the latest messages.  Based on context, he'd figured out that the school year had ended, and Tony was now in his home. He wasn't sure how often he'd see his classmates, including Ty, but at the very least it probably wasn't going to be on a daily basis.
"Okay," he tried as he guided her back toward the cabin, instinctively keeping himself away from her mouth.  "Alright.  You… don't understand me.  That's fine.  We'll get you to the cabin, and maybe once you've had something to eat we'll figure something out…"
Steve took a deep breath, avoiding looking at the spot where his neighbor was lying.  "Then let's go."
Steve’s grin widens, and now it’s
his affliction was a different story entirely, but… it was
.  Well, if the smell of the kitchen was anything to go by, then maybe it was indeed Jarvis who stood across from him now.
"Attagirl," Tony said quietly, and Pepper smiled.
"I - " Tony began before grinding to a halt.  What was there to say? That the so-called "history garbage" he was reading was him desperately trying to learn as much as he could about Captain America's death?  That he was praying that he could learn enough to somehow stop any of it from ever happening? And that, hell, it wasn't even about saving Captain America, but of the wonderful, kind man behind the mask?
Steve frowned.  "You said you'd tell me everything."
"What's the situation?" Cap asked.
"Do you hear that?"
"What?" Luke said at the same time Jessica answered, "Me."
"I'm flattered," Natasha said.  "Well… perhaps someday."  She held out her hand for them to shake.  "It was a pleasure meeting you.  Surprisingly."
Rogers sighed and made a shrugging motion, as though he didn’t really like what he was hearing but couldn’t do anything about it.  Well, two could play at that game.  Honestly, Tony had to wonder what would happen if they failed to make it in time, but they’d cross that bridge once they got there.  Everything was going to be fine.
Tony tapped on the rock idly, examining what looked like a seam running around it.  “We push.”
exits, and Tony manages to get them through the second one before whoever came back can see them.  “Okay,” Tony says in a hushed voice, grinning.  “I think we’re safe.  For now.  They’re going to come looking for us, though, because they’re going to be mad.”
So they disembarked, Pepper and Rhodey taking point as Cap and Tony followed after them.  As far as Tony could tell, there was evidence of recent human activity, but no actual presence.  Whether that was a comforting thought or not, Tony wasn't sure.
“He’s not
Rogers nodded from above.  “I’m going to tie the rope around the rock and then come down.  Is that okay?”
Tony goes on the run, moving from New York to Los Angeles to France to Russia to Kazakhstan as his memories trickle away from him.  Pepper finds and joins him at one point, but Tony has to leave her behind when they’re attacked, and the guilt of his actions weighs heavily down upon him.  Dimly, he remembers that there’s something
"You're sorry," Tony repeated flatly.  "You stopped me from turning into an arrow-filled pincushion and you're
Tony was staring at a building further down the street, twitching a bit when Steve said his name.  "Sorry," he said.  "I just… I think I saw something.  Metal."
"It's a lot later than you think it is, Captain America," she told him.
."  He stomped over to where the water started, looking back at Cap.  "Want to see for yourself?"
The most recent date read May 28, 1989.
“Steve?” Tony said, bolting upright as he poked his head out of the cave.  Nothing.  He turned to look at the remains of the deer, which seemed… recently eaten?  He couldn’t tell.  But if that gooey stuff there was saliva, then yeah, it was recent.  Also disgusting.
"That'll attract biters from outside."
"Something like that."
With that, the box seemed to come to life, making some sort of whirring sound as it lit up from the inside.  Steve yelped and jumped back before regaining his composure and stepping closer, unable to help his curiosity.  There was something inside! He pressed his face against the box to get a better look. There was something round and flat and it was spinning.  Was that where the roast would appear?
Marvels
He had never, not once, looked up Steve Rogers when he was back in his own time.  He'd considered it, of course - Steve was a part of his world, just from the past, and surely something of him existed in Tony's present.  Hell, Steve himself could have possibly still been alive - they were only separated by fifty-ish years, and Steve wasn't that old in 1940. And wouldn't it have been something, to track down the man who he'd shared something so intimately with, and finally meet him in person?  To find him, see the lines of his face, hear about everything that had happened in his life? To maybe give him that hug Tony felt he needed so badly?
souls weren't real, and yet… he worried.
Steve doesn’t reply for a while, but then he leans forward and pinches Tony along the jaw.  “Hey!” Tony yelps, jerking away.  “What was that for?”
“—Perhaps we could fire a few hundred of these workers, as I see no use for them—”
But Jarvis didn't take it nearly as well, immediately rounding on Cap.  "What's your game, son?" he asked, completely uncowed by Cap's status.  He jabbed a finger in Cap's face.  "You said it yourself!  He's injured!  Is this some kind of fool plan to get him killed?  Because let me tell you—"
There was also no bridge, since someone had apparently taken dynamite to it and blown it up.
"But you really do need rest," Tony protested.  Cap couldn't watch him indefinitely, could he?  "Look.  Your suit is all bloody."
.  Steve.  It’s mind-boggling, but he’s in no position to deny him, so he reaches up, placing his hand against the other man’s chest, trailing his fingers down his shirt.  “Like this?”
"We're not here for a cure," the man cut in.  "The epidemic has been a blessing.  It has culled the weakest of humanity.  If we could refine it to be more selective, we could emerge from this as a stronger, better species.  We were hitting dead ends before, but your arrival has opened up so many new doors for us."
"Sure."  Tony dug out the small jar and offered it to Cap, who took it and peered inside.  "It's not much, I know," Tony added.  "Looks like it'll only be the size of a ring, and we only have a third of it right now."
wants this badly.  Maybe he should stop playing so they can move on.  So with that, he hooks his thumbs around the band of his pants and underwear, pushing it down, Tony helping to kick them off once they’re low enough—and then, just like that, they’re both naked, looking at each other in the dim light, breathing hard in the silence.  “Tony,” Steve says.
Now that Steve is asking, all the pain and hurt and cold Tony had been suppressing comes back to him in a rush, and he gasps, biting his lip.  “I-I’ll be alright,” he tells him.  Never mind that his teeth are chattering so bad he thinks they’re going to fall off any second now, or that the seawater against his wound makes him feel like his shoulder is on fire.  He
"Steve!" Tony shouted.
Tony smiles a little, reaching up to touch Steve’s hair.  Steve can see the muscles of his throat working, like he’s struggling to say something—Steve almost thinks he knows just what it is—but can’t.  Finally, he seems to just give up, instead leaning forward to kiss him deeply.  It’s not
that to her?  She was clearly worried enough already.  "It's okay," he said. "No, I do remember.  I think I wrote it off because it was so shocking, I figured it was a dream.  But, um, I guess it wasn't?"
“It’s good,” Steve interrupts.  “You
Steve stares at him.  “What?  Why would you say that?”
Then they were crossing the Manhattan Bridge, and even though Steve had steeled himself, he realized he still wasn't even in the slightest prepared for what came afterward.  It didn't matter that he'd already seen the same thing in all the other formerly inhabited places that they'd passed by, or that rationally, he knew that Brooklyn would be no different from the rest.  Seeing the streets littered with debris and trash and bodies—streets he'd run on as a child, on the way to the yard or school or back home—actually made his chest hurt, and he had to pause, one hand reaching out to grip at a lamp post.  "Oh, my God," he breathed as Tony came up next to him, looking concerned.  "Tony.  This was
"I hate waiting," Tony said.  He glanced down at his lap, where he'd finished up one of his first arch support things.  It looked… very unimpressive, but it was going to be wrapped around someone's foot, so Tony supposed he was okay with that.  "Here, stick your foot out. I'm gonna put this on."
Jessica turned Carol's gaze back onto herself.  "It's my fault, isn't it," she whispered.  "He did this because we escaped."
—but the other man is already pulling down his pants and underwear, and Steve lifts up his hips, making it easier.  He just—he can’t help it.  He hasn’t gotten any in a
No one knows this yet, but the drive is a backup he created shortly after being injected with Extremis.  When he loses everything, he’ll be able to reboot with this.  The good news?  It has nothing about the superhuman civil war or registration, and therefore nothing Osborn can use.  The bad news?  It has nothing about the superhuman civil war or registration.
The answer was apparently almost no time at all, so with a groan, Tony got up, stretched, and got ready for work, casting a wistful look at Steve's journal before he left his room.  Catching up on whatever had happened since they'd last swapped would have to wait, it seemed.
"General," Rhodey said, inclining his head slightly.
There was silence for a few moments.  "Names," the woman said finally.
Remembering how badly their interaction with Luke and Jessica had gone at first, Steve held his hands up in surrender.  His whole body was tense, though, and he was ready to move quickly if it was necessary.  From beside him, Tony did the same.  "We're not looking for any trouble, ma'am," he said.
“Let’s not forget that I’m the one providing you with an awesome clubhouse,” Tony replies sourly, taking hold of Steve’s hand to more giggles, mostly from Jessica and goddamn Luke, of all people.
"No," Cap said.  His hand dropped down to his side abruptly, and he continued, "Ms. Potts and Mr. Rhodes are probably ready now.  We should join them."
Tony pouted up at him.  “Aren’t you supposed to bind them so they hurt less?  I’m hurting.  Bind me.”
"Ma, my art's so good I could probably draw for the comics," Tony said.  Steve was infuriatingly modest when it came to his abilities, so Tony needed to balance things out.  "I figure I'm doing well enough that I can try another hobby."
Rogers sighed and tilted his head back, leaning against the wall.  “I didn’t want to bring this up,” he began, and somehow Tony knew what was coming back.  “But I looked at your… metal chest plate thing.  While I was bandaging you.  And the display said 22%.  I’m assuming something bad happens if it gets to zero, right?”
"It's not my blood," Jessica said before running toward him, and then they were kissing and whispering things to each other, Jessica's arms wrapped around Luke tightly.
Uh-oh.
fatal sometimes, and here we are anyway!”
Steve felt a little bad, but not bad enough to regret following after Ty.  He eventually went out to get dinner, then came back to his room, lying back down on the bed and wondering if he could just pass out.  This dream had been dragging on for so long. When was it going to end?
Tony’s breathing hard, swallowing as his gaze slides downward toward his feet.  “I… I
Tony blinks at him a few times, not sure why he looks confused—and then it hits him.  “I—no—God, Steve, I’m not going to shoot you!” he says.  “Here, get your hands wet; it’ll make the metal more brittle—”  Steve complies, and Tony continues, “I-I’m going to shoot the chain.  Ideally.”
"There," Tony said, looking nauseated as he knelt in front of it, and then he reached down, pulling the slit he'd made open, and plunged his hands inside.
His reasoning is pathetically flimsy, but he won’t know this until it’s too late.
“It’s n-not gonna flip over,” Steve says, and he hauls him on.
"I looked through your belongings," the woman replied casually, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.  "I take it it's important."  Tony went pale, immediately turning to his bag as the woman continued, "There's no need for that."
They head back in, hands clasped tight as they stride back to the suite, Tony trying to look a lot more confident than he currently feels.  To his surprise, Sunset is out in the hall, leaning against the wall with one leg crossed in front of the other as her eyes land on them.
They stopped for the night in a small cave, where Rogers set up a little fire and started to look through a notepad he was carrying.  Unsurprisingly, he’d taken notes about the various fauna and animals and such they’d seen today, which Tony hadn’t thought to do.  Well, whatever.  His memory was good enough, and if Rogers was doing it, why did Tony need to?
"If that's what you want to call it," Cap replied dubiously.  "Why were you in the airship in the first place?"
In that instant, he knows the man is right.  He can’t let go, not now.  Not… not when there’s someone so—so
"Hold it."
Tony snorted softly, going quiet.  Steve waited patiently, and sure enough, Tony eventually spoke up after a few moments.  "I guess," he said, "I was just thinking about how lucky I was to have the reactor."
Tony let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.  They were all okay.  No one had died on his watch.  "Good," he said.  "Good."
Tony is excited to share the news at first.  “Made some upgrades while you were away,” he says, and the undersheath flows out of his bones to envelop his body as the pieces of his armor attach themselves to him.  The best thing about this, he thinks, is how covering his words takes nothing more than a thought now, but this particular benefit to Extremis isn’t one he plans on sharing with anyone.
"Not at all," Tony said, rubbing his forehead a little.  "There's something else we can do.  But I don't like it, and I'd really rather exhaust our other options first.  Come on, let's ride to Route 1 and see what it's like for ourselves."
," Jarvis said immediately as he entered.  "I don't care if your heart is fine.  You were bloody shot and you're in no damn condition to go anywhere."
Well.  If he couldn't get out of the restraints, then he'd have to get out of the chair.  He tensed up, then pushed off with his feet as hard as he could, flipping the chair—and himself—over and landing on the back legs with a loud crack, the wood of the chair breaking beneath him.  Maya cried out in alarm, and as much as Steve hated to do it, he kicked her with one of his freed legs, and she fell back, stunned.
Tony glanced back at the tiles.  "So do you go first, or me?  Because—"
But he was here, and there were no glimpses to be found.
Steve just smiles, then turns and leaves.  It isn’t until he’s gone that Tony realizes that the other man slipped him a folded piece of paper, though he doesn’t want to chance looking at it now, not when both Howard and Sunset are glaring daggers at him.  But so long as there are other people around, Howard dares not raise his voice, so sitting with them is at least tolerable.  Finally, though, at some point they’re all immersed in their food, and Tony unfolds the note, reading it.
.  He has to live, he has to fly, he has to keep his promise.
The woman was unmoved.  She pushed closer instead, those rotting teeth still working furiously, inches away from his skin—
“G-glad to hear it,” Steve murmurs.  He takes a shaky breath and exhales, and once more Tony watches as the little puff of air is carried away into the night.  “W-when you g-get to land—”
But just as he took a step toward the door, it swung open, and Tony and the woman stepped back inside.  Steve let out an audible sigh of relief.  "Found what you needed?"
At long last, classes were over, and Steve trudged back to his room, just about ready to pass out even though it was still light outside.  He supposed he could at least hold out until dinner, though even that simple plan was foiled when Ty poked his head into his room, seeing Steve lying face down on the bed.  "Change of dinner plans," he said.
"It looks like you're torturing yourself."
"We're too late!" he called as he started turning the bike away.  "We'll have to radio Allied command!"
, he thinks to himself, watching all the entrances.
Tony let out a start of surprise, then immediately hissed in pain—Cap had almost been done removing the bandages, so he'd moved right when Cap was peeling them off the wound itself.  Great.  "Ow.  God.  How—how'd you know about Virgil?"
His hands went still, his gaze blank as he stared into the mirror without really seeing himself.  They had, hadn't they, he thought dully. And it… it made sense. Ty and Tony were friends. Attractive friends.  And, apparently, friends that were maybe attracted to each other. Steve had seen some of the media from this time.  That sort of thing wasn't encouraged, exactly, but it wasn't forbidden the way it was in his own time.
A lot of things seemed to happen all at once.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts breathlessly.  “Please, stop talking and give me more—” He cuts himself off with a sharp moan, thrusting against him, and he thinks he can hear Tony swear under his breath.  The fingers vanish, and though Steve knows he
“Alright.”  Steve looks around.  “Is there a place I can change…?”
The problem is, he can’t seem to quite do that.  The armor anticipates his every move, knowing Tony’s attacks before he even makes them.  The only good thing is that he can anticipate the armor’s moves in turn, so it’ll be a draw—
"Wait," Pepper said, suddenly sounding nervous.  "I did some reading too, and I remember coming across her.  Didn't some of the translations mention how her resting place would be well-guarded, and that—"
"I do," Cap said.  He reached into one of his pouches and pulled them out, showing them to Tony.  "They snapped together on their own, but you can still pull them apart with enough force.  Like magnets."
"Only one way to find out, right?" Tony asked.  Before anyone could raise an objection, he stepped forward, planting himself firmly on the tile.
Suddenly, he’s sitting up as best as he can, looking back toward the light.  It’s further away now, but—but he can’t give up.  “Come back,” he says hoarsely, but the sound of his voice is lost to the ocean.  “C-come—come back—!”
do after this is over?" he asked.  "Make a new suit, maybe?"  Steve still wasn't sure what had happened to the old one.
“Come on, Rogers,” Tony said, shining the flashlight around until he found something that looked like a road leading downward and started forward to follow it.  “We’re on an exploration.  In case you’ve forgotten, that means we should be
“It won’t,” Tony assures him, having looked up the specs to the hospital bed’s make and model before Steve had even finished saying
It was kind of cute, in a way, that Steve was trying to keep confidential information from Tony in an attempt to not betray his country, even though Tony was from decades into the future and not in a position to do anything meaningful with whatever Steve was hiding.  But if Steve thought Tony could just read all this and take it in stride, he was deeply mistaken. There was more, and Tony was going to get to the bottom of it.
Almost.
He grabbed his pack, digging around inside.  “I assume you want something to eat now, right?” he asked.  Steve nodded, so Tony managed to retrieve a pack whose contents were labeled as “pork sausage patty”.  “What about this?” he asked.  “Sausage.  Mmm.”
Steve's fault for not being there, back when he'd been at the deepest point of his grief.
Another roar, then a strange clinking sound, and then—“Stark, shoot it now!”
"It's not okay," Steve said, eyes squeezed shut.
Yinsen glanced up, meeting Tony's eyes briefly, then looked back down at the gruel or whatever it was he was preparing.  "Coming from you, that's quite a compliment," he replied. Everything about him was very calm, as though he wasn't being held captive in a dark, cold cave by a terrorist group right now.  "But you can see what my brilliance has done for me. And, I suppose, for you."
The morning was silent as they continued up the mountain, Tony taking his usual spot on Steve’s back and grabbing onto his fur, his stomach partially filled with something labeled as “fruit bars” but came off as more cardboard-like than anything.  Steve hadn’t seemed hungry, even when Tony prodded him about it, so he had to assume that
“Not too fast.”  Before he knew it, Rogers was by his side, slipping an arm around him.  Tony tried to shimmy away, and his confusion must have showed on his face, because Rogers continued, “You’re injured.  Don’t you need help walking?”
“Well… you’re a sore loser, Captain America.”
Tony frowned down at the cold meat.  "Think she poisoned it?"
Steve swallowed as he looked down at him.  What could he even say to that?  He was afraid, too.  He was afraid of inflicting pain on him, whatever the reason.  He was afraid of Tony turning into the thing he most feared.
"Like how I've been dying for a long time," Tony answered, and Steve twisted around at that, only reluctantly turning forward again when Tony nudged his shoulder.
So they pushed.  As it turned out, someone had sliced the rock into two, and pushing the front half away revealed a hole in the back half, which led… down.  It was dark enough that he couldn’t tell how deep it went—for all he knew, it was either three feet deep or three miles—but he was unfazed.  After another moment of peering into it, Tony brought out a length of rope from his pack, tossing one end down before offering the other end to Rogers.  “You strong enough to support my weight on this?”
any more intense?” he asks.
And like that, his crew was assembled.  Tony gathered them all together in a room, laying out the additional materials that Fury had provided him after he'd agreed to the mission.  There wasn't much, but there was enough to get started.
He continued to tell himself that until he fell asleep.
“And I’ve never met anyone like you,” Steve says, and he finds himself somehow breathless.
Steve involuntarily jerked back, bewildered by the response.  A wink?! No one had ever winked at him before. Why on earth was Arnie winking at him now?
Steve blinks at him, playing over what he just said in his head—oh.  That.  This wasn’t how he’d planned on telling him, but apparently it just slipped out on its own, and what good would it do to deny it?  He swallows, stroking his cheek with a finger.  “I love you,” he repeats, feeling oddly calm now, despite all the commotion around them.  “Is… is that alright?”
Stark hesitated but ultimately went inside without complaint.  "Stay low on the ground," Steve heard him tell her, and suddenly smoke erupted from the window.
He had to tell Rogers.  “Rogers,” he said, shining his flashlight around.  Where had he gone?  “Hey, come on, don’t tell me you left—”
"I'm not sick," Tony said.  He could feel a yawn coming and determinedly kept his mouth shut to keep it from coming out.
Tony’s parents are later killed in the same Ford Thunderbird convertible his mother met his father in, and when that happens, he’s forced to stop sleeping around.  He takes charge, founds the Maria Stark Foundation, and is forced to wear a metal chest plate to keep his heart from failing after one of his own bombs blows up in his face.
Cap stepped forward and plucked the final piece out of Birch's hand.  It happened so quickly, Tony could hardly believe his eyes.  Was that it?  Had they just retrieved the whole relic at no cost but having to spend a few minutes of their lives listening to someone babble?
“Of course I am.”  Honestly, Steve finds himself baffled by all this.  Tony has a fiancée, a father.  Don’t either of them listen?
"Damn it, Tony," Rhodey muttered from behind him.
ing sound.  “No, dear.  It’s a diamond.  It was once worn by Louis the Sixteenth… and today it’s the most valuable jewel in the world.”
The airship glided lower.  Tony pulled the lever and poked his head outside, letting out a sigh of relief when he saw Cap not too far from him.  "Hey!" he called.  "Free ride.  You interested?"
"Hm?"
Ty started scooping up as many orange loops as he could onto his spoon.  "There's nothing strange about my breakfast," he said. "But
Steve quickly stood up, even though putting weight back onto his bad leg made him wince.  "Wait a second," he said.  "I can come too."
Then he leaves, and Tony is left there alone among the scattered silverware and broken dishes, shivering in the morning sunlight.  The guilt thing isn’t going to work, he tells himself again.  Doesn’t matter if it’s his father or not.  It’s not going to work.
Headache and light sensitivity forgotten, his eyes popped open to see the warm body he'd rolled into, and - oh God, was it
Tony got off his bike, setting his pack of supplies aside as Steve did the same.  "Let's do this."
Steve went quiet, considering his options.  Before he could figure out what to do, though, Tony spoke up, voice low enough so that only he could hear.  "You know where the exit is?" he asked.
For a long time, Tony doesn’t answer, and Steve starts to wonder if he’s even all the way here.  But then his head snaps up, and it’s like someone turned on a light bulb in his head.  “I know what we have to do,” he says, eyes bright.  Unexpectedly, he leans forward, giving Steve another kiss, and then he takes his hand and squeezes it.  “We have a chance.  Follow me, and I’ll explain along the way.”
too close.  Steve jumped back again, trying to look innocent even though it was too late for that.  "What did we say about tinkering with the appliances?"
It looked like it might have once been a small city—albeit one that hadn’t made it very far in architectural advances—though now it’d fallen into disrepair, the crude structures crumpled and broken.  At least, that was what the small amount that was actually illuminated by their flashlights looked like, anyway.  “An underground city,” Tony said, barely able to contain the glee in his voice.  “Can you believe it?  There’s got to be something interesting here.”
"What?" Steve replied.  "Maya said she'd be right back, though."
"Fuck," Tony said, following his gaze, his eyes wide.  He turned away briefly to take care of the biters, then looked back at Steve's leg.  "That looks bad."
At a quick glance, nothing had.  His folders were still intact and nothing new had been added at the root level.  But maybe things had been looked at. A little concerned, he brought up access logs from yesterday and did a quick search, sighing in relief when nothing in his designs folder had been opened.  At least this wasn't going to turn into some crazy sci-fi story where someone wearing his face was stealing all of his work.
He returned back to where Tony was fiddling twenty minutes later, finding him already covered in soot.  "It's all clear," he said as he deposited his bag at Tony's feet.
And it’s strange, Tony thinks, how he can be here floating on a glorified piece of debris in the ocean and still have his breath taken away by those three words—three words that he himself can’t yet bear to say.  But it’s stupid, really.  So damn stupid.  Because he does love Steve, more than he’s ever loved anyone in his entire life, and if—if tonight is it—then doesn’t Steve deserve to know?  Tony thinks he does.  So slowly, he reaches down with both hands, even though it makes his bad shoulder ache again, and he takes hold of Steve’s, squeezing gently.  “I love you too,” he whispers back.
"Luke," said the man, who lowered his arms and walked toward them, one hand extended.  Steve clasped it and gave it a firm shake.  The man—Luke—seemed to hesitate afterward, but eventually offered his hand to Stark, who raised an eyebrow but accepted it.  "And this is my family."
"Yeah, that's right!" Steve blurted out, because maybe this was the crux of it.
Steve is his hardest conflict and his most glorious triumph, and this is who Tony chooses.
Tony woke with a jolt, sucking in a lungful of air and immediately coughing it out.  He felt like hell.  His throat hurt, his arm hurt, his side hurt, his everything hurt.
"I wish you weren't."
"Oh," Cap replied.  "Yeah.  That was me."
"On it."  Cap vanished, presumably heading off to the room where suit was currently hooked up, charging.  His heart could power it, but it certainly didn't hurt for it to have its own power as well, especially for what he was planning.
“Maybe.”  Tony bites his lip and peers over the rail again, thinking about the diagrams he’d studied earlier.  It’s a well-built ship, and it can withstand
"Yeah?"
Though Tony was still suspicious about anything involving Fury, he picked the folder up again anyway, flipping past the first page—a description of a stone fragment purported to have great powers (which, frankly, sounded like most things he had hunted down in his day)—to see a write-up on why this was suddenly significant to the United States.  "So you want this because the Nazis want it," he said when he was done skimming.  "So what?  They want a lot of things.  They go on wild goose chases all the time."
"Yeah, yeah," Tony muttered.
"Kid like that shouldn't have had to do a lot of things," Steve said.  "But he did anyway."
"We're okay," Tony said, pulling the gauntlet off of Rhodey's shoulder and shoving everything back into his pack.  "But we still have work to do."
had to act his life out as a poor kid from the Great Depression.
"We should find bikes eventually," Stark said once they'd been on the road for a few hours.  The land around them was flat, albeit covered with snow, and visibility was clear.  "Not right now, obviously, since they'd be useless.  But once we're somewhere with less snow, that's the first thing we should look for.  Nothing's better than traveling by bike when the world's ended."
Cap looked hesitant.  Eventually, though, he nodded, pushing it back into the foam and leaning away.  "You'd better call the shots here," he said.  But he smiled right after, and it made Tony feel better after he had seemed so dazed just a moment earlier.  "You've done this before, after all."
And so they fall silent again, but Tony breathes easier now as he finds himself laying back on the ground, barely noticing when Steve lays down beside him, and then he remembers what Steve had told him earlier.  He’s home, Steve had said, even though he’s sitting on the opposite side of the country in a poppy reserve owned by the government.
"I told you once that I enlisted because it was the right thing to do, and I had a duty.  That's the truth, but not the whole truth. The whole truth is that it's because of my parents.  Ma raised me to stand and fight for those who were important to me. And Pa lived it. He fought for Ma."
“Yeah?  Is that good or bad, because really, I’ve heard both—”
Still, he caught Arnie's eye and waved, expecting the usual nod in return.
In retrospect, he should have anticipated the response—Tony surged forward, one arm wrapping around Steve tight as he returned the kiss for all he was worth, only ending when Tony suddenly sagged, wincing.  "Sorry," Tony said quickly, trying to lean forward again.  "Ignore that, I just—"
Pepper's voice, apparently, was sharp enough to cut through whatever trance Cap was in, and he jolted, glancing over at where she'd come back down the stairs.  "Bad news.  We have to go."
But that was future Tony's problem to mope over.  For now, Tony would enjoy this connection they had, strange though it was.
"'Cap' isn't a name."
"The reactor is fine, Steve."
"Here!" he heard Pepper call out in response, but there was too much smoke to tell where she was; all he knew was that he could also hear gunfire from the same point, and he prayed it was her shooting and not the other way around.
No.  It’s too awful to think about.
His first instinct was to get out of bed and just run as far as he could, away from the army and the fighting and the killing.  He could run somewhere safe, where there was no danger and where he could just eventually live his life in peace - but as soon as he thought it, he knew it wouldn't work.  Even if he managed to get out of here without anyone seeing him, where the hell would he actually go? And what was going to stop Steve from just finding his way back once the day ended and they switched once more?
, because he was still trying to figure out how he felt about the conversation they'd just had—and came up with nothing.  So instead, he settled for watching Cap as he worked, fascinated by the sheer amount of focus he was dedicating to such an inconsequential task.
"Relax," Maya interrupted.  "Sorry.  I misspoke.  I'm just trying to say—the world's gone to shit, and we need to find a way to fix it without having to go through a load of red tape, because that takes time we don't have.  That's what I'm glad for."
"Oh, right," Steve said around a mouthful of omelette, not sure what to make of the fact that his dream self had a Pa who was still alive.  And what was tech stuff supposed to mean? Radios, maybe? "And our Mas also have the same jobs, huh?"
It was cold.  Of course it was cold, because even miraculously retrieved from the ocean, it seemed like this was one thing he couldn't shake, and the bite of the wind was enough to give him unpleasant memories about tumbling into the Atlantic.  But the desire for answers outweighed his discomfort, and after looking around and seeing nothing but a small road leading away and a cluster of trees, he cupped his hands to his mouth and shouted, "Hello?"
That is, of course, unless he lets go.
By the time they had made it back to the ruins—Cap had managed to barter for some bicycles, so the trip wasn't too bad—the airship, which was thankfully intact, had stopped burning.  Tony headed inside, first doing a spot check for his armor—still there—before heading to front where the fire had been.  Cap trailed after him, making a soft sound of disgust as they passed by the body Tony had previously encountered.
Tony let out a sigh of relief, squeezing Steve's shoulder.  "Thank you," he murmured.
in two hours,” Tony replies irritably, the faceplate sliding off.  Some of the hospital staff glance at him as they walk by, but mostly they leave him alone, which is good because he doesn’t want to talk to anyone, but bad because he wants more updates.  “How’s Steve?”
Stark stepped forward and offered his bag to her.  "So take this and spare yourself the trip," he said.  Steve blinked, and for a second he could see the old Tony shining through, the one Steve had fallen for in the first place all those years ago.  Stark glanced at him, his face unreadable before he broke into a wide smile.  "What?" he said.  "I can't resist a pretty face.  I'm talking about Danielle, obviously."
Damn it.  He kicked again, and this time the biter stumbled back, but then it lurched toward Tony, who had fallen and was grappling around for a weapon.  Steve grabbed the biter's arm to yank it away, only to find that the arm had come right off.  He cursed, reached for the leg instead, and with a loud cry, tossed it right off the train, panting for breath afterward.
," the other person said with a leer in his voice.
"Then we'll take years.  What choice do we have?"
After all, it would probably never happen again, right?
He hesitates for a moment, wavering on the spot.  He’s hurt Steve.  What if Steve doesn’t care about him anymore?  It seems unlikely, but… it still wouldn’t be a surprise.  After all, he’s no stranger to losing interest in people.  Would it really be such a shock if someone as amazing and kind as Steve lost interest in
they might be able to go faster if Rogers didn’t have to wait for him.  But he had no idea how to ride, much less ride bareback on a goddamn sabretooth.  What if he fell off?  What was he supposed to grab at?  But Rogers was being stubborn and somehow, he pulled off puppy-dog eyes really well.
.  Tony was still processing it.  But then his body remembered how achey and tired it was, and he sagged forward again, this time without the suit to keep him standing.  Cap—Steve—was by his side in an instant, strong arms wrapping around him so that he wouldn't fall over.  "It's nice to meet you too," Steve said.  "I just wish it were under slightly better circumstances."
"I don't kiss and run," Steve said, lips quirking.  "And anyway, maybe I could search for my own friends at the same time."
in the resistance understand?  There are worse things than registration, things that would have happened if he hadn’t pushed this act through.
Tony blinked, momentarily distracted.  “
He takes a deep breath.  Where’s his kiss?  “Do I get to open my eyes now?”
The woman shook her head, unlocking the car door and opening it.  "Thanks for that," she said as she stepped out with her fingers still clutching her bag, which made clinking sounds as it was moved.  "I thought I was done for."
So he picked up a pencil and started writing, determined to make sure that Steve wouldn't make his own mistakes.  He told Steve how sorry he was, what a wonderful person Ma had been, and that even if they would never stand in the same room together, Tony would - would -
Well, Tony didn't know how to respond to that.
“Oh, God,” Tony whispers, voice cracking, and he gives his shoulder one more shake, like maybe this will somehow help, but it doesn’t, of course it doesn’t.  Steve is gone.  After everything that’s happened, after everything Tony’s done to try and keep Steve alive, because dammit, the world needs more people like him—this is how fate decides to reward them.  Spare Tony, but kill the kindest, noblest, most amazing man he’s ever known.
"There
"Jarvis just sent coordinates," Rhodey shouted between gulps of breath, cutting off whatever reply Tony had thought of making.  In that moment of distraction, Cap had peeled away, sprinting in another direction.  Damn it.  "He's coming in from the west!"
There was a bang, and then: nothing.
Stunned silence followed.  And then, almost as one, all of them turned to look at him, the robot who had done nothing thus far but stand in the back and observe.
Tony snorts, leading him back toward the door.  “Just keep your nose up in the air and pretend you have a lot of money, and you’ll be fine.  But really, you don’t want to pass as one of us, anyway.  You’d die of boredom.  Here, this way.”
?  You’ve read
"You don't suppose they'd be so nice as to let us pick our burial spots?" he continued, tongue loose from exhaustion.  "I had a - friend - once. He died off the coast of England, trying to save… people. I always thought that when I died too, it would be nice to have my ashes scattered there."
“No,” Tony said automatically, even though he had to admit it felt kind of nice.  But he couldn’t accept this help from Rogers, not after he’d lied to him during a pinky promise.  That was just bad.  “Thanks, really, but no thanks.”
“You were
Tony frowned and blinked a few times, Rogers’ face swimming into view as his gaze focused.  “Oh,” he said intelligently in response, because talking was hard right now.  Geez, what had happened?  He was hurting and tired and sluggish and he didn’t like any of it one bit.
"Probably safer," Steve agreed.
“Do I not look like I have it handled?” Steve asked, in a self depreciating tone, raising his eyebrows and lips lifting into a wry smile.
"No comment," he replied, a little bit
nonchalantly.
"Just keep your eyes on me," Tony murmured, as Steve tried not to focus on any of the paparazzi cameras flashing in his face. He didn't know how he wasn't used to it, but Tony was so he took his advice.
Not waiting for Steve’s answer, Tony approached him; less cautious than usual, hands lifting up to properly fix Steve’s bow tie and it looked as it should within moments.
"Nah, a scrap like me couldn't get anywhere close," Steve replied, an easy smile on his face. "And then they were closed during the war ..."
They have their first fight as a couple when Steve comes back from Bucky-hunting in London and finds that Tony’s shot himself up with Extremis.
But Rogers, damn him, was still looking at him expectantly, and Tony groaned, rubbing his forehead.  He… he
Tony Stark
Pepper was flown in two days later, full of tales of the things she'd seen while traveling with the Navy, but there was a darkness in her eyes that hadn't been there the last time Tony had met up with her.  "You don't have to come along on this treasure hunt," Tony told her.  "You could go back to the States.  Get some rest."
There was no reply.  Steve looked down and found that Tony had closed his eyes, so he kept walking in silence.  Though he kept his own eyes peeled for nearby biters or other unusual sights, there was little to be found.  Grateful for the respite, he continued on, wanting to put as much distance between them and the stadium as possible.
"Well, yeah," Cap said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.  But then he slumped a little, looking somewhat dejected.  "But I shouldn't.  I work better if I have the mobility to throw the shield.  Still, you thought of me."
“No, I want to,” Steve says quickly.  “I can handle whatever he says.”
" he heard.  "
"I know," Ty said, directing them into another building.  "Now, we all know an Olympic champion's gotta eat. Come on."
," he proclaimed.
"Of course," Cap agreed, but he was frowning.  "But let's not forget you're still hurt.  Even worse now, in fact.  Your arm started bleeding again and you're on steroids now for the poison ivy."
Speaking of which, he hadn’t actually yet eaten anything today.  He dug out the franks and beans from earlier, going to heat them by the fire as he cast another glance at Steve, who seemed merrily oblivious.  Should he point out that at this time yesterday, he’d been eating cooked chicken and rice with a fork?  Probably not, he supposed.  Steve was surely having a difficult time adjusting, and if he could just forget about it all for a little bit, then that was good… right?  Right, of course.  So Tony ate his franks and beans without comment, washing it down with some more aspirin, then discreetly scooted back into the cave to watch him.  The deer carcass was already half gone by now, and Tony had to wonder if Steve was going to eat the whole thing.  Was that even possible?  He supposed it was.  Steve was huge.
Natasha stared at him, then nodded, evidently accepting this answer.  "I owe the two of you everything and no amount of food or shelter will ever be enough to repay you," she said after a moment.
And though Tony likes the sentiment, this isn’t enough for him, so he stops, tugging on Steve’s arm to get him to stop as well.  “Here,” he says, gritting his teeth as he pulls the lifebelt off of him, putting it over Steve’s head instead.  “This is the least I can do.  And don’t fight with me.  If you take that off I swear I’m going to run back downstairs.”
Steve covers his face with a hand.  The nudes.  He’s found the nudes.  Worse, he’s found the
"Yeah," he rasped.  "I made it."
“This is none of your business,” Tony said.  He quickly scarfed down the last of the chicken and rice, polishing it off with a final gulp of coffee.  This stuff was truly awful.  “And I want to keep going, so we’re going to keep going.  End of story.”
Steve groaned, lashes fluttering open, and from the way he breathed in he could tell for sure that the vivid dream he'd been having was over.  In the dream, he'd been strong and fast and healthy. And now… now he was just Steve.
Carefully, he reached in, pulling the notepad out.  Knowing Steve, it was probably filled with boring notes about the flora and fauna and whatever else they were supposed to be taking notes on, and sure enough, the first half of the notepad didn’t disappoint.  But since Steve was still moping and Tony was still bored—since, after all, boring notes on stuff he’d already seen were
Tony's mouth just about fell open at that, and for a moment, he could do nothing but stare blankly at the other man.  "Your idea," he repeated at last.  Captain America… had known about this mission and actively wanted to participate?
—down to safety, Tony would do everything in his power to give it to him, even if they went back to no contact afterward.
No longer hungry, Tony pushed his food away and stood up, mind racing.  If it was supposed to happen today, then maybe his original instinct to run away as far as he could would work.  Even if Steve came back the next day, history would have been changed, right? And maybe the simple act of not being available
—he kept on flipping.  And that was when he found the drawings.
Steve blinked.  The word was unfamiliar to him, but Tony jumped to his feet so fast that Steve had to rush to take the tray from his lap before their food spilled everywhere.  "How do you know about the Tveria?" Tony demanded.
Still, all of that was secondary to what Tony feared was happening.  If the Nazis had found them here, they'd probably found the airship, which Jarvis was currently occupying.  And while Jarvis was a tough old bird, he wasn't superhuman.  If he had to face off against several Nazis on his own…
The thought had barely articulated in his head when a sharp movement caught his eye, and to his great surprise, Tony was here, his shovel swinging to take down the biters.  "Tony!" he called, but the other man didn't seem to even register it—he slashed the shovel to take the head off one biter, then knocked another one down onto its back before jabbing the sharp end of the shovel into its forehead.  "Tony!" he tried again.
Tony tunes him out, and for a moment, he stops thinking of Steve, his mind turning instead to his future.  Running a company with Howard and Sunset.  Designing weapons that can explode and pierce and kill.  Never again making a single decision on his own.  Maybe leading a life his father will finally be proud of.
Steve nodded.  There was—there was something desperate in his eyes.  Desperate and fearful and worried, and it made Tony’s heart ache.  “Steve, no,” he said, cautiously reaching up to touch Steve’s head.  “Is this because you feel like me getting hurt is your fault?  It’s not.  Really.  And I’m okay.  We’re both okay.  I’m not going to hurt you.  Don’t be like this.”
He reaches Steve’s wrist, now missing the watch Tony had gotten so used to seeing there.  Idly, he wonders where it went before he’s suddenly struck by a thought—the watch is
Tony nodded.  "Let's get out of here, then."
Stark looked up at her dubiously.  "Will you be alright up there?"
"Ah," said Cap, and was it just Tony, or did he suddenly look a little nervous?  "Well.  Maybe I was just trying to get you off of Fury's back."
to yourself?”
Tony stared at his feet again.  "…Well, I had nightmares for months after that.  I still do, sometimes, when I'm not dreaming about the biters instead.  Can you imagine, Steve?  Having everything you are taken away from you?  The thought terrified me.  It still does.  I'd rather die than let that happen."  He scuffed one foot on the ground, continuing, "And I think the reason I was so afraid was because I knew… Hydra had that power.  They could do this.  They did it to my
to do, but a part of his brain kept reminding him: he deserved no kindness from Steve, no decency.  Tony was the reason he'd been in the Atlantic in the first place.
Steve rushed toward him, wrapping his arms around his body to keep him steady.  "What the hell was that?" he asked.
Steve lifted his head and drank gratefully before falling back onto the surface he was lying on.  It was soft, so he assumed it was a bed.  "Like I went to hell and back," he rasped.  "Where are we?"
“I…” Tony begins, but he has no defense.  He should have listened to his father.  He never should have let Steve so close.
existed was because of his own selfish desires.  Sure, it had worked out in the end, when he'd found the trident.  And sure, entertaining a bunch of people during darker times had been a positive side effect.  But he'd only ever been in it for himself, and though he was trying now to make up for it all—coming up with discoveries in the Rad Lab, getting shot at by Japanese fighter planes because he was on a mission for the U.S. government—it didn't change the past.  For God's sake, Virgil was dead because of him.
"Sure," Cap said.  Despite the rough landing incoming, he had a glint in his eyes that Tony recognized from their earlier conversations—the man was starstruck, apparently, and it was adorable.  "How does it work?"
Birch looked back at Tony, his eyes crinkling.  "You think that was it?" he asked.  "That taking that piece from me was all you needed to do?  Tony, Tony, Tony.  There is so much more happening.  Look around you.  Do you see what is in this room?"
And now he was feeling his eyes get wet again and he didn't want to ruin Steve's journal and he didn't think he could read anything more at this time anyway, so maybe it was time to just take a little break from this.  He shut the journal and put it back on the nightstand, then made himself get out of bed, even if he just wanted to curl up under the sheets and let his brain get away from him.
.  But… but… he can’t risk scaring Tony away at this point with his… socially unacceptable tastes.  “It’s just—you know, to be an artist, you can’t just confine yourself to only the dames, or only faces, a-and the guys and gals in Paris are really willing to model a-and—”
He hits send, and then he goes back on the run.
Because,
“Because I’m looking for something too.”  And Tony would just as rather do this all alone, but Fury was providing the means—and with his time running out, he could hardly afford to snub him.
"Just pass it on if anyone else needs help," Steve said.  "Things are tough out there.  We can't afford to waste time hurting each other."  Tony gave him a glance and a half-smile, nodding along.
Silence.  Tony slowly lowered the shield, looking over the rim.  Steve was seated in front of him, looking confused again.  When he caught sight of Tony, he quickly padded over to him, blue eyes questioning.  “Oh, thank God,” Tony breathed, setting the shield down and wincing when the pain in his arm flared up again.  “Jesus.  Steve, are you okay?”
Steve followed after her, figuring she'd be able to find her way out of the building—which was what he needed, because he had to put Maya down someplace safe before going to find Tony.  A few minutes later, they were back in the middle of the stadium; the woman went off in another direction entirely, but Steve ran straight into the garden, remembering how strongly it had smelled earlier and hoping that the corn stalks would shield Maya from the biters.
"Yes, doctor," she said, obligingly drinking the rest from her cup.  She coughed again, which was worrisome, but Tony didn't know what else he could do about it.  He settled for getting her some water, which she accepted gratefully as Tony settled back down to sew some more.
Tony has several answers for that.  The east coast.  New York.  The hospital.  Eventually, though, he tries, “Home?”
Once he’s up and running again, he’s taken to the hospital as Pepper, Maria, and Rhodey all fill him in on what’s happened—Skrulls invading, the fight with Osborn, transporting Tony to Oklahoma, rebooting him with a combination of Pepper’s electromagnetic generator, Steve’s shield, and Thor’s hammer—but he finds himself more interested in what they aren’t saying than what they are.
It couldn't last forever, though.  Eventually, a thick cloud of smoke appeared on the horizon before them, blocking out the sun as they got closer.  "Philadelphia's still on fire," Tony murmured.
Steve blinked back at him in turn, breaking into a wide, dazzling smile, and Tony felt himself go dizzy again.  “‘Oh’?” he repeated.  “You successfully turned me back, and that’s all you have to say?  ‘Oh’?”
Tony beamed, or at least he tried to beam, even though he was lying on a bed with one arm awkwardly elevated.  "I knew it!" he crowed.  "My God.  I have a fan.  And that fan is
"Don't you dare, Tony!"  There were clearly several biters in here, and Steve would much rather Tony get out alive instead of being trapped here in the tunnel.  He jammed his shield against the biter's skull and then ran as fast as he could.  Tony reached out again, and this time Steve was able to grasp the offered hand firmly, pulling himself up.
will defer to all of us.  It wasn't my choice to have you come, and the fact that you're here to report to Fury doesn't exactly fill me with glee.  But if you see any Nazis, then yes, Cap, you can punch them."
"What would you have come up with?" Steve tried.
of Buckys and Agent 13s.  Pages and pages of them, all with varying expressions, though none of them were sad or angry, almost as though Steve only wanted to capture them at their best.  Tony had to wonder if they’d posed for Steve, or if he’d done them from memory, but looking down at the dates confirmed that some of these were only a few days old.  Huh.  He was very good, then.
"No," Tony said, automatically curling away from the voice as he tried to cling onto the already-fading remnants of his dream.  Relatively speaking, it hadn't really been all that great. He'd been a stick of a kid growing up during the Great Depression, for God's sakes.  But the dream had seemed so real and had lasted for so long that Tony hadn't been able to help but grow kind of fond of the plucky guy he'd seen in the mirror.
.  What were you thinking, jumping back onto the ship?”  He kisses him some more, continuing, “Don’t you know it’s gonna sink?”
Rogers growled.
Morning came, and with that, it was time to part ways with Luke and Jessica.  Steve shook both of their hands, Tony doing the same.  "Good luck out there," Steve said.  "You heading north?"
He died a hero, everyone had said.  History would never forget him, they added.
Fury almost smiled.  Almost.  "The point is, we know things, and it's been documented, even if you're not on the need-to-know list.  But it's fine.  You need more than what this folder is giving you.  That's why I have this."  He reached into his jacket, then set a small jar on the table.
“Shhhh… be very quiet now. If Alexi hears us up here he will kill Tony before we can do a thing about it.” She whispered softly into his ear.
“While that does sound like good advice, it means I would have to find someone I wanted to be ridiculous and embarrassing with. Have any suggestions?”
The next morning dawned clear and Steve woke to the unfamiliar sound of birds squabbling in the yard he had yet to really see. He could have gotten up and gone over to the window to look out at them, but instead he curled himself just a bit more tightly around his bedmate, enjoying the way the light and shadow changed the shapes of Tony’s face and the gentle exhalations of the other’s breath. Tony stirred his way towards morning much more slowly and groggily and Steve greeted him with a chaste good morning kiss. The two wandered into the bathroom to take care of their morning breath at the side by side sinks.
