“The police and the government think we’ll lose interest,” he yells, “they are just waiting for some scandal to preoccupy us. As if we are children, as if our attention can be so easily swayed.”
The residents of Paradise Gardens, Block C, third floor, and Andrew Nash’s neighbours all meet in the corridor, sharing cigarettes and hushed conversations. Somehow, they had all always known there was something peculiar about Nash. He was always prone to anger outbursts. Violent and dangerous. And his poor wife...! How typical of the police to not care enough about poor Isidora’s death. Probably because the police are all Alphas as well, covering up for one of their own. After all, how else could the police be “ignorant” of the criminal Alpha network operating right under their noses? Remember that cursed politician who thinks he can get away with abusing his family? And let’s not forget how the Alphas have ruined the economy. Poor Mr. Claufield in 312, he lost all his savings and nobody did anything to help him. They all agree that something must be done.
After that session with Doctor Fenway, Mycroft had ensured that his records were sealed and destroyed and that he wouldn’t need to suffer any further testing or evaluation. Doctor Fenway would not be allowed to study the youngest ever presented Alpha, no matter how much he wheedled and begged.
“I’m sorry for…ah, Anderson and DI Dregs,” DI Lestrade adds bitterly. “I’ll make sure they are written up for their unprofessional and, frankly, unethical behavior.”
John leans back against the couch, pictures of the original crime scene clear in his memory. Books and magazines on the floor. Chess pieces, broken picture frames. There had also been an answering machine on the floor, the one you used cassette tapes to record your messages on. It was the only thing that seemed to have survived the destruction of the living room.
“Yes, sir,” Yu replies and cannot suppress a polite bob of her head as she hurries out of the office.
Sherlock agrees that John might very well have a point. He has untangled Moriarty’s strings in Scotland Yard and the place is full of police officers, who’s job is to
"I am not asking, Adam."
“This is it,” Lestrade informs him unnecessarily as he pulls the car up alongside Glen Reese's apartment. A uniformed constable is standing guard outside it, huddled into his jacket and stomping his feet against the cold. Lestrade stops and exchanges a few words with the constable, while Sherlock barrages past him and into the hallway.
“They go back over twenty years. There are video files, audio files, image files and tons of documents. Some of them don’t even have names, just numbers, and letters. It’s going to take four men at least a week to sort through it all, and you haven’t even told us what you’re looking for….”
“My preliminary report,” she says, handing it to Lestrade. He rises, unable to stifle a groan, the seats in the waiting room were obviously not purchased with the act of waiting in mind.
They hear the sound of a phone dialling, and then ringing. Once. Twice. On the fifth ring, the machine hums and sings, before switching on to answering mode. The tape starts reeling in, and the key is yanked under the gap in the door and to the room. A pause. Then the phone rings again, and again the machine picks it up on the fifth ring, reeling in the tape as the silent message is recorded.
The car wobbles. A pair of dark boots is stomping around on the hood. A young guy, shrieks, and hoots, waving a bottle of beer before jumping down and running after his friends. People spill past them, a steady flow of dark blurry colors. Some hammer on the windows as they pass and laugh. Empty cans and rocks are thrown at the windows, making them creak dangerously but they don’t give, thankfully. The female constable is gripping the steering wheel tightly, but it’s obvious that it’s impossible to go anywhere.
Sorry for the wait, but here is a long chapter for you guys to sink your teeth into.
“Let’s get out of this bloody rain,” DI Lestrade mutters, and gestures for John to follow him to a white canopy that somebody has erected.
Sherlock scoffs at this, because he’s never taken an interest in cybercrime and only has a passing knowledge of computer technology.
It startles a laugh from Lestrade and a smile from Mrs. Hudson.
, Sherlock thinks,
“So, right, an hour ago we got this email, telling us to watch BBC news at two-o-clock.”
This, at least, Lestrade recognizes, even if he really thinks they need to address the subject of John.
“Just a part of our extended enquiry,” Lestrade explains with an air that he hopes sounds casual. He pushes Fenway’s picture forward. Edward Blithely’s gaze is locked on it, like a cat trying to gauge a potential threat or prey.
Graphic description of a crime scene.
Crawford hadn’t brought his lacks with him, which indicates that whatever confrontation he’s planning, whatever monologue he’s got prepared, he doesn’t want his friends to know. But, why? He had taken such silent pride in killing Alpha Nash, why wouldn’t he want to take the same acclaim for the triple murders?
“He was an exceptionally bright child; cunning, very perceptive, charismatic, like most, well, like most Alphas. He was a skilled manipulator: children, adults, males, females and even figures in authority. He has a dominant personality, though he seldom comes across as aggressive. Always more subtle.”
“We are live at 221B where the famous consulting detective have-”
John was right in his assumption that Sherlock would find the notion of this clandestine meeting both ridiculous and interesting at the same time. During the cab ride to the station, he’s calmly tapping away on his phone, but his knee, the one he’s got pressed against John’s, is thrumming with energy, not unlike Sam’s excited vibration in the zoo.
“Right, well, I’m going the same way,” Mary says with a laugh, indicating to the stairs with her bucket. John steps aside and they do an awkward shuffle until Mary brushes past him, still smiling.
The screen is black for a second, before a new, terrified, face fills the screen. Andrew Nash’s chin is covered in blood and his mouth shakes so badly it’s difficult to understand what he’s saying.
DI Lestrade meets him at the door. He’s dressed in the crisp suit he uses when he has to hold a press conference, but the dark blue colors only seem to enhance the bags under his eyes. “Sherlock, I’m…and John and where did you get that child?”
Because somebody else doesn’t want him to confess to it.
“Just-" John has to wet his own lips. He struggles to find his voice and he´s suddenly aware that he is embarrassingly close to stammering "-let go. Please."
He watches her every move with thinly veiled suspicion, as though he’s not sure what to make of yet another addition to his social circle. John recognizes his apprehension and feels responsible. A few weeks ago it had just been him, John, Mycroft and Mrs. Kettle. Now there are all kinds of people coming and going.  It's another sharp reminder that they need to start looking for preschools or a private nursery to give Sam the chance to practice making friends his own age.
A pause.
“Oh,” Glen Reese averts his eyes and starts to fiddle with a loose strand on the mattress.
John is ready to decline when he catches sight of Sherlock. His eyes have that downward pull to them, at the other corners, like something’s been knocked loose in him. His stomach slowly turns over; he’s not sure what to make of Sherlock’s expression. He closes the distance between them and puts a hand on his arm, a fleeting pressure of reassurance. John is about to declare that they are going to leave, when Sherlock reaches out and accepts the tickets.
“Well, you’re looking for a group of people who trust each other, the kind of trust that develops over time, like….army platoon mates, childhood friends, family ties, classmates.”
There are some discrepancies to the general poverty of the apartment. There’s a solid gold chain necklace around Crawford’s neck. The whiskey on his table is a Johnnie Walker, blue label. That’s a two hundred pound bottle. His gaze trails to the liquor cabinet, or rather, the bookshelf dedicated to store alcohol. 18 year old Glenfiddich. 18 Year old Dalmore. These are not the drinks of a man who lives in a welfare apartment.
John’s finger leads the way down the list, stopping at Joseph Braithsworth’s name: 56-year-old. He lived all his life in London, along with his wife and his daughter. He was the owner and chairman of Sansburr Industries, a massive corporation that earned him a salary of seven figures.
It is probably why Sherlock gave him that speech after they wrapped up the Lewis's sister’s murder. He was giving John The Let's Just be Friends Speech and John didn't even realize it. Sherlock was preemptively breaking up with him.
“He just fell over and started….” Jane Hill waves a hand in Glen Reese’s direction.
“A rather primitive way of storing information these days,” he remarks.
"What would I…..What would I have to do to join the military?"
“Sherlock,” John replies, slowly turning around with Sam still in his arms.
Sam’s only response is to fling his arms dramatically around John’s neck and hide his face.
“Here’s the statement,” DI Lestrade says with a slight frown that indicates that he knows John’s hiding something.
"I am-" he starts, but she interrupts him with a exasperated sigh.
Molly wrinkles her nose, and comments, “it’s a fairly common prescription.”
The glass slips from Mycroft’s hands as he surges out of the chair.
“Let’s not forget friends, nieces, possible grandparents, uncles, lovers.”
“This is Dales Cottage, what you’re hearing is the River Findhorn,” the driver says. He’s lifting two gray bags from the boot of the car. John wonders if somebody actually went and packed his clothes or if Mycroft just bought everything like he’d done the first time.
Christ, why hadn’t he trusted John? He has had years of experience of living with secrets. He had even managed to hide that he was an Omega from the world’s greatest detective. He had probably been less successful in hiding his affection for said detective, but he hardly wore his heart on his sleeve for the world to see, did he?
John shuffles a few autopsy reports aside. Most of the papers have been decorated with large swirls of colored ink and chicken scratches, some of which bearing clear resemblance to the letters in Sam’s name. In his enthusiasm for his art, some of the lines have run from the papers to the linoleum floor.
Sam’s brow curl in a frown.
“What do you suggest?”  Sherlock asks, looping his hand into the crook of John’s elbow.
It brings the quiver of a smile to John’s lips. “Yes you do, with your dark coat and your collar turned up and those dramatic cheekbones. Definitely lurking.”
Afterward he gives him a bath, because Sam has blueberry smeared over his ear, in his hair and somehow, even on his toes, and he knows the warm bath will make him sleepy.
“It was no trouble,” Mrs. Hudson answers, “we had a nice, little, stroll in the park and everything, didn’t we?”
John says. Sam glances between his parents, as if he’s gauging their reaction to assuage his own.
He climbs into the stroller and spends the entire walk to the zoo telling his canine plushie about otters, zebras, lions and tigers, their ever-present bodyguard only a few steps behind them. It’s not Hector this time, but a broad-shouldered fellow who had introduced himself as Hermes. Sometimes John wonders if it’s always going to be like this, going on an outing, pretending to be a normal family, a bodyguard their permanent shadow. Sometimes he thinks Mycroft is being a little overprotective and that not even Prince George lives under this much security. But he doesn’t question it. He won’t take any chances.
Glen visibly brightens and smiles somewhat wistfully.
CowMow is the beta, and emotional support and idea-taster for this chapter.
he signs and John translates and guides Mrs. Hudson through the right hand gestures to say,
, Sam says,
Sherlock actually rolls his eyes this time, “even an idiot can see that. Why did he move? There wasn’t any reason for him to move.»
Sudden comprehension hurls him to alertness.
John lists of the places as well as he can remember.  The living room table, no, the one by the sofa. The front door, the old box, the window in Sam’s room, and a book from the living room. The one Sherlock had been reading earlier. One with a smooth, glossy cover, a book on chemistry or something. Poison, maybe? That sounds about right for Sherlock.
John crouches down in the corridor and untangles Sam from his hat, scarf, and coat. Sam clings to his shoulders, even as John yanks off his boots and frees him from the thick sweater he had insisted on this morning. He runs a hand through his son’s curls; his hair damp with sweat and his shirt is sticking to his body.
"What is an Omega?" John asks.
“Press him on Fenway,” Sherlock encourages unnecessarily. “Make him explain why his name is in Fenway’s files.”
There’ s the sound of two people moving below, the clutter of kitchenware, and the faint drift of sizzling bacon, tea and something more potent. A voice murmurs something. He recognizes it instantly, even though it has been months since he first became aware of it.
Thanks for all your kind words and kudos of support. I love hearing from you all, so please don´t hesitate to share with me your thoughts and feelings on this story.
John gets his breathing under control, he takes a sip from his cold tea, he eats his toast and jam, he finishes reading the sports section.  He mentally prepares himself for getting up, taking a shower, getting dressed, and asking Sarah for an extra shift at the clinic.
Lestrade tosses the old newspaper away. He doesn’t want to think about this, he does’ want to think about his part in all this.
Jacob was in his early twenties the first time he approached me on the subjects of Omegas. He wondered if they were as dull as the media generally portray them, and why nature would “design me in such a way that I would want to chain myself to such a witless creature?”
Even for a skilled, Olympic medalist, marksman, that should have been an impossible shot.
“Jacob” Moriarty.
Christmas presents?
*Need you at St.Barts. Immediately. SH*
"I am Doctor John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes" he makes a vague gesture to the taller man next to him. "We were, that is, I was wondering if we might ask you some questions about the night on October 28th when Arthur Williams was shot."
“It was light at mommy’s.”
In two strides John’s over by Cobb’s corpse, he takes the gun out of his limp fingers, discharges the clip and the bullet, and tucks it into his pants. Jane Hill’s gun he secures safely at the small of his back.
John coughs, hating how week and feeble he must seem.
Constance folds her hands at the small of her back. "The nearest security camera is at a gas station four point seven miles from here. The police vehicle passes it just before ten am. From six am until three pm we have identified fifteen vehicles of the same model as we are searching for. We are currently running their registration numbers, but so far none of the cars has come up as stolen or belonging to anybody with a criminal record. Mr. Holmes said that there would information on the cars at your usual place.»
John possesses a wide range of mundane knowledge that Sherlock has not found relevant to put to memory, but which has on a rare occasion been proven vital to solving a case, or another.
“Sorry about that,” DI Lestrade says, falling silent once he sees the tense tableau of John, Sherlock and a constable, whose name he can’t recognize.   John looks vexed, in the way he does when he’s ignored and Sherlock seems to be testing the theory that looks can actually kill.
He grimaces, and tries to figure out what Burrell is thinking. He’s been fanatic about his pheromone blockers, always carrying at least two.
“Of course,” John smiles thinly, “I don’t think there’s an Alpha or…you know, Omega in Europe who doesn’t. I assume you have sessions with him as well?”
"That´s just really weird."
“I saw you. Falling,” John rasps.
Sherlock questions clumsily, his cast hampering the fluid movements of his hands and arms.
He wakes to Sam’s hands against his cheek, the scent of coffee and the curious sound of cooking. John blinks against the light. Early, he concludes from the angle of the rays. He scrubs a hand across his eyes and Sam’s smiling face becomes clear.
“Everything alright, then?” John asks/ou don’t need to be the world’s only consulting detective to realize that something’s amiss.
“Well,” Glen Reese clasps his hands together and beams at the spread of food on the table: pasta, fresh salads and fruits, grilled chicken, and warm bread. John admits that it’s probably the healthiest lunch ever consumed in 221B. He slides onto a chair and pulls over a carton of food at Glen Reese’s eager beckoning.
“How did you feel about Doctor Fenway’s plan to publish your medical history, your life story as an Omega for everybody to read?” DI Dregs says. He leans across the table, grabbing John’s attention and holding it.
John nods, still watching the door, expecting Sherlock to follow the inspector.
Lestrade only gives him a shrug of acknowledgment and Sherlock moves over to inspect the laptop sitting on a chair in the corner. It's not even password protected and freely submits its content to him.
“Look,” John sighs, “I know Mycroft’s got you guys on a pretty strict regime, but, really, we’re fine here.”
It’s the sudden, loud, hiccupping kind of crying that makes it seem like the end of the world is nigh. The sound makes Sherlock leap away from him and stare at Sam as if he’s a bomb that needs to be defused. Even Lestrade looks startled and like he suddenly wants to be anywhere else.
Rain slashes across the windows, obscuring the view of the dreary courtyard of the New Scotland Yard. Christ. It’s been raining nonstop for three days, long enough to make anyone depressed. Two weeks, Lestrade reminds himself. Fourteen days and seven hours until his holiday.
Sam totters over to stand before Mycroft, an expectant smile dimpling his red cheeks. Mycroft looks unimpressed and his expression remains stoic, even when Sam tilts his head and, cupping his hands and bringing them together, fingertips against fingertips, asks for the ball.
“I’d like to talk to you a bit about your stepfather, if we could,” Lestrade says, “you….exposed his crimes on national television, but he’s not on the List you published.”
He wishes that the news of Sherlock’s resurrection hadn’t brought the harsh memories of his death with it. How long would it take for his nightmares to deplete this time? Sam was getting increasingly adept at climbing out of his cot and opening doors. If the violent memories return, John will have to start locking his.
John presses his lips to a thin line before he says, “you wouldn’t be subtle about it if you really wanted us to leave.”
Sherlock looks up, blinks as if somebody has suddenly flooded the apartment in bright light. He stares at John, and John can positively see the flash of deduction leading him straight to the answer, that for the first time in a long time, John had reached first.
“Bloody hell…” Lestrade grabs hold of Sherlock’s arm again, firmly, like a parent leading an insolent child to sit on the naughty step. “Sherlock, we need to go before this crowd gets really nasty.”
“Good morning, doctor.”
John corrects automatically. John stands, collects the plates and cups and carries them over to the sink before returning his attention to Sam.
His musing is interrupted by a phone call from Lestrade, who sounds marginally better than the last time John spoke to him.
*I have already arranged for him to be interviewed tomorrow.*
“It’s going to be alright,” he assures, “rest here awhile.”
DI Dregs makes another move towards John, and for a second John thinks he hears Sherlock all, but growl, a sound that is all black ice, an invisible and deadly threat. It sends heat cascading down his spine and settle somewhere in his groin. He has to hold himself back from wrapping himself up against Sherlock’s back and sneak his arms around his waist and just press his chest to Sherlock’s spine until there’s not an inch separating them.
“I don’t know about you,” DI Lestrade says, rising with visible difficulty, “but I’m going home. We can take this up again tomorrow, say about noon.”
His head spins and he quickly grabs his knees, bending over to try and seize control of his vertigo. He feels hot and cold at the same time, clammy, queasy and slightly aroused. He feels Doctor Fenway move close to him and place a hand on his back. The touch electric and he brushes off the unwanted touch.
Hestia strides down the corridor and he braces himself for Mrs. Gillespie’s curious glances. But the reception is empty and he wonders what power on Earth managed to convince Mrs. Gillespie to abandon her post.
“I received it a few weeks ago. It was sitting on a pillow in a hotel I was staying in." Sherlock steeples his fingers to stop them from jittering. He can feel the beat of his heart increase, recognizes the feeling, the first rush of adrenaline.
“Name’s Crawford,” he says, “I live in 307.”
“So, yeah. I came over to help with the packing. Annabell let me in and said she had just gotten back from her run, but couldn’t get a response from Ann in the bathroom.  We tried knocking on the bathroom door, trying to get her to open it.”  He pauses and swallows and John can see his eyes are shiny with tears.
He’s taken down to processing and a tall woman with tiny eyes and the inability to smile takes his information down into a book. John empties his pockets of various keys, his phone, oyster card and a small box of breath mints that he always carries. Everything goes into a little brown bag and John signs for the content. The female constable asks him to hand over his belt and shoelaces and collects his jacket and scarf. He’s photographed from every angle and finally, as if this is all the scene from a bad police movie, they take his fingerprints.
“Oh, of course. I understand.” Glen Reese still smiling and he tries to wink, with both his eyes. John thinks that he might not have been as convincing as he had hoped.
“You moved?” Lestrade asks, even if it’s a question with an obvious answer.
“To New Scotland Yard,”he tells the cabbie. The car pulls slowly into the traffic, reporters and cameras still shouting their questions at them.
“Yes,” Sherlock says slowly, his gaze not leaving the head, “it’s Moriarty.”
“I….I should stay?” He doesn’t mean it to be a question, but he doesn’t know what the right response is when your former flat mate, whom you tricked into believing was dead, has just introduced you to your son.
The room is a mess. Furniture upturned, chairs broken, pictures pulled off the walls and thrown across the room. Books and files are spread all across the floor and the computers lay in a broken heap of glass and wires.  He carefully makes his way across broken shards and pieces of shattered chairs, muttering curses under his breath. Has his own staff turned on him and decided to trash his office? Christ. This is just what he needed to make his day perfect. He makes his way to his office, ready to assess the damage done there.
“When they announced the register, it got so much easier to locate them,” says with a wicked smile.
He’s not sure how long he’s sitting there before he hears Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson’s steps coming up the stairs. They are talking in hushed voices and John wonders if Sherlock hasn’t told Mrs. Hudson that there’s no need to be quiet because Sam can’t hear them. He turns on the monitor and places it close enough to pick up the first sounds of Sam stirring. He’ll be disoriented and confused when he wakes up in an unfamiliar room and John doesn’t want him to be frightened.
Sherlock feels something seize in his chest. (He shuts his eyes and tries to will away the memory of John’s breath against his.) He could accept the logic behind John leaving, (sentiment works both ways) but that he would depart without informing Mrs. Hudson was….impolite, and even if this John is a new John, he was never impolite. That Lestrade couldn't find him could only mean Mycroft’s involvement (again).
It takes him a few seconds to gather his wits and punch in the private number to Doctor Fenway.
Without a word DI Lestrade fishes out a small, black notepad and a pen and John is immediately immensely grateful for DI Lestrade’s professionalism. John’s more than willing to discuss his time in captivity and the strange scene of their rescue- but he doesn’t want to talk about the possessive kiss he’s just shared with Sherlock.
"Anything?"
John doesn’t want to concede that Jane Hill may very well have a point, so instead he says, “and what’s your reason for getting involved in this.”
John glances up, just in time to see his attacker, sneer at the interloper standing over him.
It’s past 9 pm by the time he gets a phone call. Not from Doctor Fenway or Sherlock, but DI Lestrade. DI Lestrade sounds chagrined, like he's been caught stealing cookies or something.
“John is hiding a secret from me.”
John slides one hand up the slope of Sherlock’s arm to his shoulder, the other circles his waist and he feels the tension drain from Sherlock’s body, feels the brief sigh against the crown of his head. John feels guilty for not recognizing the uncertainty Sherlock’s been carrying. He’s worried about their place in his life and Sherlock must have worried about the very same thing.
Graphic description of a crime/crimescene. Gore.
“Right,”Lestrade says, “we tricked him. People don’t wait around for dead friends to return.»
“So, Sherlock, what does it mean-”
John fights the smile off his face, but Sherlock’s not quite finished with his decent into madness, because suddenly he leans over and kisses John’s cheek. It’s nothing but a brief, wet pressure on John’s cheek, but it makes him flush all the way to the tips of his ears. Then Sherlock spins on the heels of his shoes, and hurries back down the corridor to Lestrade’s office.
“We…talked.”
He slides down until he can press his ear against John’s chest and hear the thrumming of his heart. The beats are slow and steady and Sherlock surmises that John’s in deepest stage of the sleep cycle. While he dreams, the body repairs and regrows damaged tissue, it builds muscles and bones, it strengthens the immune system.
Cheers of agreement follow the woman’s assessment followed by cries of similar sentiments on how Alphas are the root of all evil, how they caused the economic recession, causing millions to lose their savings. On the first floor, a kitchen window opens and a round man with several wobbling chins and fat locks of hair glued to his forehead squints at the crowd. The woman with the stroller hurries to explain.
“I see,” is all Mycroft says, and for a few minutes nothing more is said.
He pries open the cabinet and isn't surprised to find that John's bottle of vitamin B is missing.
John nods, and kisses the top of his head.
They find a small restaurant at the end of Museum Street. It's the lull between lunch and dinner. There are some exhausted tourists camping by the bar surrounded by shopping bags, nursing pints. At the front, three women enjoy a cup of coffee, each with a child seated on their laps.
"Sher-Sher-" he pants embarrassingly, hating the whingy sound of his voice. Sherlock, however, seems encouraged by John’s response and presses his hips against John, his erection evident. It wrings another breathy moan from John.
“Good evening, Mrs. Kettle,” John lets a hand comb carefully through Sam’s hair, “I hope today hasn’t been too upsetting.”
Jane Hill.
“If only Sherlock had chosen a less dramatic way to announce his resurrection we could have taken some pre-emptive precautions, but as it stands now-” Mycroft sighs, seemingly entire put out  by his brother’s untimely un-demise.
Susan Clearwell sighs. She wipes her hands on a dirty rag and steps away from the doorway. "I´m working, but I suppose I can spare a few seconds. Come on through to the backyard."
Was it a message from Sherlock?
“The office is even worse,” Lestrade says and leads them through an open door on the right.
Just before six am , Sam loses interested in the game. John allows himself to be dragged out of bed, stuffing his bare feet into a pair of slippers and tying a dress robe around his waist.
he announces,
Sherlock emits an expasperated highly dramatic sigh that would have impressed the most petulant teenage girl. “God, why must I be surrounded by idiots” Sherlock laments.
Slowly, the crowd has migrated across the room to form a protective half-circle around Crawford. Their steely eyes turn to Sherlock, even the tiny dog in the woman’s arms is growling at him. John catches a glimpse of Crawford’s grin as he ducks his head down.
now, he’s going to want to do things like taking his son to the bloody duck pond and have brunch with the girlfriend- wife (John does everything so orderly). He’ll have a normal, boring, job, and do normal, ordinary things, and he’ll go and live in the countryside, because John has fond memories of his childhood and he’s nostalgic and he’ll want to share them with his family. And maybe he’ll promise to come to London, (because that is what people do) sometimes, and maybe he will, once or twice, but it will be just a promise, useless strings of words he’ll give Sherlock before he’s submerged, infused, wrapped up in this normal, ordinary life, away from the one where he spends the night chasing criminals down the street.
As they near the kitchen, the door to the living room slides open. John feels Sam’s body going tense, the arm around his neck tightening. A tall man clad in a dark suit steps through the door, carrying an envelope. He nods to the two of them before he continues down the corridor. Sam peers into the living room and doesn’t relax until he sees Mycroft. The older Holmes is immaculately dressed in a three-piece suit and tie. It shouldn’t be possible to look like you’re ready for a state dinner before seven a.m.
“Please be quiet, Anderson.” John sighs and stuffs his hands into his pockets.  Anderson rolls his eyes again and disappears with a little tutting sound.
“Mrs. Hudson, you are looking well. Have you two been introduced?”
Sam returns the gesture, moving his tiny hand across the chest.
He had experimented with and discarded that notion fully during his years at university. Sexual relationships are messy affairs and a waste of time. He knows what desire and sentiment does with people, how it distorted their reasoning, how it fuels them into foolish and reckless actions. He can’t waste time on it, if he wants to keep his mind clear and sharp. Sherlock made his profession on sorting through the remnants and ruins of human misery inspired by so-called love.
“Apparently there’s a rally planned on Downing Street. It’s all over the internet. The commissioner has ordered all crowds to be dispersed, hoping to forestall a riot.”
"None of your men thought it out of place,” Sherlock says with poorly disclosed pride on John’s behalf. “Glen Reese was part of the support group and we know he had access to Fenway’s computer and files”
“I stayed up late with my friends, which I never did, because I was serious about my studies. I wanted to do well, impress my parents and grandparents.  I only had two beers, and was feeling terribly warm and woozy. I was never much of a drinker, so I just thought it was part of that,” his voice is clipped with anger, “I thought this is what it was like when you got drunk. So, I figured I'd best get on home and sleep it off.”
“What was he wearing?”
“We’re not doing anything wrong,” a voice cries, “you can’t come here and tell us to leave. This is our home.”
His own room is a disaster zone.
Doctor Fenway's email contains an impressive amount of patient confidentiality emailed to colleagues,experts and editors of various medical journals all over the world. The publishers all turn him down and the medical profession declines any interest in Doctor Fenway's studies. The Alphas and Omegas were no longer an interesting or valuable field of study. There is nothing more to learn.
John is apprehensive of saying what needs to be said. He can’t actually put his thoughts and feelings into words, not even in the privacy of his own head.
Things have been, well, not exactly weird back in the flat, but he is suddenly hyper-aware of Sherlock’s presence. He lies awake in bed, and he knows the sound of Sherlock’s barefooted footsteps across the carpets and he recognizes the sound of his steps on the stairwell when Sherlock comes and goes. His scent seems sharper and John carries it with him like a perfume all day, and when it fades towards the end of a long workday, John misses it. Privately, John thinks he’s going insane. This cannot be a normal reaction to have to a flat mate.
Edward is obviously reading the same warning signals for he straightens his posture, his tone deepening as he adds, “I was her patient for a short period after my sister committed suicide. I am not willing to discuss my medical history further.”
John pushes himself up from the floor, not wanting to have to look up at Glen Reese. It takes him two steps before the room stops lurching, but he feels, illogically, safer after putting some distance between them.
“Sherlock, let him go. Getting yourself convicted for murder won't help John."
"To surviving first year of medical school," Mike exclaims cheerfully and tips his head to his friends before he brings his pint to his lips for a long sip.
Well, at least Lestrade isn’t entirely useless.
“We begin with breaking news now,” the man says, his fingers fiddling anxiously with the a bundle of papers on his desk. He always does this when he’s about to deliver bad news to the nation. “In the latest development regarding the riots in London and throughout cities in the country. Earlier this evening the Prime Minister was visiting one of the first sites to be hit by the riot, the offices of Andrew Nash, situated onto of a hundred-year old furniture store. The buildings burned to the ground within an hour. The Prime Minister condemns the violence that has taken our streets. A twenty-six-year old man and a man in his early thirties were shot earlier this evening and the hospital are reporting several severe injuries.”
Just then, Sam rushes in, he collides with the bodyguard’s legs, and the man puts a careful hand on Sam’s head, “gotta watch where you are going,” he signs, stepping around Sam with a small smile. Sam ignores him, moving over to John and tugs on John’s trousers until he has his dad’s attention, then raises his right hand, using the index finger of his left hand to point at his palm.
"Why don´t you introduce me to your acquaintance?" Haversaw returns smoothly and leans around Doctor Fenway´s back to give John a sharp smile that was all teeth.
Here you can learn some about the joys of phrenology: http://www.pophaydn.com/phrenology-readings.html
“Sherlock, I need some help,” John says tersely.
John blinks; finally managing to calm himself enough to walk to realize what is almost happening. Assaulting Doctor Fenway, as much as he wants to, is not going to solve anything. The anger seeps out of him leaving him drained and tired in a way he hasn’t felt since the first night he was discharged from the army.
“Maybe he’s doing it for a lark,” Lestrade offers, only half jokingly. Sherlock looks sharply at Lestrade. He’s obviously not considered this avenue of approach.
He takes a deep, steadying breath. He’s not a stranger to walking into conflict.
Alice swallows around the sudden lump in her throat and steels herself to match the brute force of Edward’s gaze. She was saved from having to try by her producers buzzing in her ear, telling her to move on to the next segment.
The only person John’s bought Christmas presents for had been Sam and buying presents for a toddler was easy. Toys. Books. Puzzles. What on Earth would you get a Detective Inspector?
“Crawford!” John twists away from the elbow of the stranger digging into his side. “The guy in the corridor with the broken radiator, he had a tattoo on his arm of the Royal Navy slogan.”
His hands wave about as the salt and peppershakers take the role of the Yard. From listening to Sherlock’s account of the events, it seems like no great mystery at all and that everyone would be able spot the same car, but with different registration numbers, among the most sold vehicles in Britain.
The stairs end far before this churning vortex of emotions and thoughts does and as he nudges the door open John knows immediately that Sherlock isn’t at home.
Sherlock huffs, scanning the crowd at the restaurant. He doesn’t want to go over and meet John’s wife. He’ll be able to see all the terrible habits and secrets she’s hiding. He won’t be able to not notice, he won’t be able not to tell John, and John will resent him for being rude and not his wife for having flaws and-
Sherlock stops and surveys the room before his pale eyes settle on the woman in the bathtub. “Hmmm.  And nothing has been moved?” Sherlock asks.
“Alright,” Sherlock hears the tired jawn in John’s voice, “sounds like a plan.”
John nods in agreement, balling his hands into fists. He needs to stay calm and on topic. “Yes, so about this book…”
, John tugs playfully at the duvet. It results in a brief skirmish between the two until John’s rolled Sam up in the duvet so only the top of his hair is showing and his tiny body is riveted by laughter.
He turns to John and waves him into the chair opposite his desk. “Your statement is on the desk. Read through it and sign it, unless there’s something you’d like to add.”
"Do it." The man demands and yanks John´s face forward, pressing his face against his thigh. John feels his breath explode in a terrified gasp and he tries to steady himself. To push himself away. He grips the mans´s thighs, his palms are slick with sweat and he struggles to find a grip. John keeps his eyes closed, if he´s about to be raped, he does´t want to see it.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth creep up in a minute smile.
“Anything?” Lestrade sounds hopeful.
“Well, you know, maybe he’s trying to pull one over on you? See how great your deductive skills really are?”
Lestrade runs a hand through his hair. He looks at Sherlock, mentally pleading with the world’s only consulting detective to do the part where he hones in on some detail, overlooked or ignored by all of them, and tells them what idiots they are being for seeing but not observing. The tall detective is unusually taciturn. He is standing next to John, staring at the whiteboard with an oddly distant expression. There’s nothing more disconcerting than an immobile and silent Sherlock Holmes.
John presses his finger against a microscope slide. Sam sticks his tongue between his teeth as he concentrates on grabbing just a small pinch of powder between his forefinger and thumb and sprinkles it over the whole print. John helps him brush the excess powder gently off and Sam’s shoulders shake with glee as the print becomes visible. With a large piece of tape, John lifts the print off the slide and tapes it on a black backing card.
John may not be as observant and skilled in reading people as Sherlock Holmes, but he knows that Doctor Fenway is lying.
“Now, I lock the door from outside, and put the key on the floor, still in the loop, mind, and then I’ll call the answering machine.”
They spend the next two hours in a silence only disturbed by the hum of the computers and finger pads running over keys. Sherlock is still studying the whiteboard though John cannot begin to understand what he’s hoping to see in a list of biblical names. Now and then Sherlock walks across the room and stares out the window, his eyes the same impossible color as the bright skies.
if they learn about the book Doctor Fenway was thinking about publishing and if they figure out it’s about him, he’s fairly certain he’ll quickly become the prime suspect.  The rightthing to do would be to excuse himself from the crime scene and make his statement to the DI in charge. But that is going to open the proverbial can of worms, he would be outing himself to everyone, something he worked so hard his entire adult life not to do.  Not to mention, Sherlock would know.
He turns to the window, watches the raindrops crawl down the glass, feels the cool autumn air seep through the windowpane.  Three months until the next anniversary, and only Simon Whitewell and John Watson left.
“Alexander Lee Finkle,” John says by way of greeting, and the woman replies with just the slightest twitch of her lips. She cranes her neck, peers over her shoulder at the strange trio, Sam asleep in his stroller and Hermes and Sherlock standing guard. When she meets John’s gaze again, he sees the obvious curiosity in her eyes. He doesn’t offer any explanations, but widens his postures and folds his arms over his chest. It’s an aggressive, defensive posture, but even with Mycroft’s hired hitman and Sherlock Holmes standing by, John feels uneasy.
“Walk me through the original crime scene,” Sherlock asks and the two of them wander over to the desk where Finkle’s body was discovered, leaving John alone.
“Hundred and fifty-eight” Yu Kosaki says, “sexual assault is by far the most common criminal offense. We still haven’t figured out how Edward Blithely managed to identify the individuals from this Fenway’s patient files to the names on the List.”
Who had Sherlock enlisted to help him trick John into believing he’s dead? Lestrade, obviously, somebody to handle the police reports. He thinks about the way Lestrade had studied him during the funeral, assessing as if he was making a list of John’s reaction to Sherlock’s funeral.
John watches him dash out of the living room door, leaving it wide open. He slowly rises and smiles at their client who is still staring wide-eyed at John.
Sherlock crossed the distance between them with two strides.
One second.
They sit there in silence for another hour. Every ten minutes Crawford tries the number, but he’s not able to get through. With every try, there is a new crack in his composure. Angry, red, spots appear on his neck. A bead of sweat trickles down his forehead. The grip on the gun goes tight and white. Crawford is not accustomed to be put on hold.
They part because they need to breathe and John feels Sherlock’s pulse. It’s wild, a ludicrous beat in rhythm with his own. The tip of Sherlock’s nose brushes against the corner of John’s. He doesn’t know if the Alpha is nuzzling him or scenting him, but he finds that he hopes it´s the latter. He wants to say something but finds that his words are stuck in his heart and his chest is tight and it is still hard to think. He swallows, tries to form a sentence in his head when he feels Sherlock’s hands slide down to curl around his shoulders until he’s got John wrapped in an embrace, his nose brushing against his hair and silent words mouthed against the crown of his head.
“Glen Reese didn’t plan this,” John says “Moriarty did.”
“The prison transfers papers were made using my fake signature of Lestrade’s signature.”
John has said that the executions were personal, and Sherlock is inclined to agree with him. The victims could not have been randomly chosen from Edward’s List, after all, they might only get away with it once. They had to make it count.
They find an empty seat, but Sherlock remains standing, his good arm hooked around the support rod, looming over them. Sam has one hand fisted in John’s collar, while his other hand is clutching his toy dog. John feels strangely satisfied with the normalcy of it all. Taking the tube, just like one of thousands of other Londoners without the shadow of one of Mycroft’s men, at least none that he can see. It feels nice, to be boxed in by Sherlock’s large frame. Safe.
“Adrian Reese.”
Her lips curl back, baring her teeth.
A bleeding youth staggers into view, clutching a gash on his forehead. A young woman skips across the road and wraps her arms around him, seemingly comforting him, until it becomes apparent that her friend is pulling the unfortunate youth’s phone and wallet from his jacket pocket.
"Ms. Susan Clearwell?" John asks, hating himself for glancing at Sherlock, looking for any indication that he´s doing this correct. Sherlock smiles winningly and John is immediately suspicious. He can´t really tell if he´s smiling at John or  Ms. Susan Clearwell.
That afternoon, Edward Blithely sits in the police interview room with the same self-assured confidence Lestrade is getting used to seeing on television. He’s in a crisp, black suit with a deep maroon shirt that would have looked ridiculous on anybody else. His dark hair is slicked back and there’s just enough shade of stubble to give an appearance of casualness. He had strolled into the interview room as though he was the officer in charge and not the subject of interest in a multiple murder case.
Sam is dressed in a yellow raincoat with black wellies (there are bees on them. John got him these boots, because John has kept Sherlock alive for Sam. Mycroft would never do something as pedestrian). Sam is nattering happily at John, and Sherlock is able to pick out a few words.
“It was Mary who suggested I keep some around,” Mrs. Hudson says to Sam. He’s bent over the paper, chubby fingers wrapped around a crayon. He draws two squiggly circles, with four lines extending from the largest one, arms and legs.
The scene changes to outside number 10 Downing Street. Not even the press manager of the prime minister’s staff has managed to do anything about the woman’s haggard appearance. Her hair, usually tied away neatly in a bun at the nape of her neck has pulled free, and her mascara is lies so thickly on her lashes that every blink adds to the darkness around her eyes.
He notices an overturned glass of water on John’s bedside table. The water has run along the edge of the table and onto the floor, leaving a damp patch in the carpet. The bed is unmade, because John woke up and left his room in a hurry. He’d intended to return and make his bed with military precision (even using his credit card to smooth out the bedsheets), now the bed will remain unmade because John’s in a custody cell at the Yard.
What was it Sally Donovan used to tell anyone who’d listen? That one day Sherlock would tire of playing detective, that some day investigation a murder wouldn't be enough for him.
Sherlock must have felt, John thinks, like he was losing the one game he excelled at, and so he goaded Moriarty to show his hand. And then he discovered that the Omega was playing a whole different game and that Sherlock and John were going to lose.
Sherlock´s face remains impassive and something twists in John´s chest. John hopes Sherlock can´t deduce his emotional state from his diluted pupils or his heart racing in his chest and he´s suddenly glad that Sherlock isn´t all that well versed in sentiment.
The noises behind Sherlock fades and he slowly removes his arm. Simon Whitewell falls to his knees, gasping, coughing and shaking.
Yes, there it is.
“What are you-“
“Oh, right. You need me to see you out?”
The kiss isn’t gentle.
"Bonded?"
“All of them, of course. You have until, oh, shall we be dramatic and says noon? That should give you six hours. I’ll text you the details.”
John takes a step forward until he’s got Molly safely behind his back.
But, Glen Reese had called John for help in the middle of the night and John, the brother in arm, which he was, had rushed to his assistance. Which means locating Glen Reese is going to be his second course of action. First he needs to get rid of some incriminating evidence.
“That is quite alright, your housekeeper let me in,” Sherlock says, rounding the corner. Sam freezes and stares at Sherlock with large, spooked eyes, while one hand finds hold of John’s trousers and grabs it, tightly. You didn’t need to be the world’s only consulting detective to recognize the fear threatening on the edges of his eyelashes. Sherlock doesn’t chastise himself, not now, he’ll do so later in the privacy of his own mind palace.
“Safer than computers, can’t be hacked,” Anderson says from across the room where he is taking photographs of the windowsill. John thinks he’s being remarkably quiet about voicing his displeasure at Sherlock’s presence, so far he’s not uttered a single scathing comment.
“Bit of a mess,” the constable says, “heard you didn’t really need rescuing in the end. Well done.”
Glen Reese fidgets, plucking at a loose thread on his pants.
"He´ll explain everything to you, John. The whole Alpha-Omega dynamics. What to expect from your life from now on and how to get Suppressant so you don´t….smell so enticing."
Sam signs with exasperation,
Warning for attempted non/con. It´s not very graphic, but a trigger is a trigger.
DI Dregs’s lips curls into a feral smile. “Interesting.”
“Edward, I am investigating a triple homicide committed twelve days ago at Tyrrells Primary School, Chelmsford Essex. We have reason to believe that you may possess some knowledge of certain individuals that we are interested in identifying and I would like to talk to you about this.”
Then he rewinds and watches it all again.
“Who is he talking to?” Sherlock asks, watching John pace the small confines of the cell, his arms a shield across his chest.
They are in a cab on the way to Glen Reese's place, when a new text from Mycroft announces its presence.
I'd love to get in touch with more johnlock shippers and writers, so please feel free to contact me here or on tumblr where you can find me as friolerofiction
John gives him a dismissive wave. He’s not really capable of forming coherent sentences now. “…Drive.”
John drinks another cup of tea and reads a couple of pages of the Churchill biography. The silence of the apartment creeps into his bones, and so he closes his eyes until he can pick up the nearly there sound of Sam’s breath, almost synced with Toby’s. He hears the buzz from Mrs. Hudson’s television, the distant sound of police sirens cutting a path through London’s darkness. And then, petering on the edge of his senses is the sound of a click and a buzz from upstairs.
“Doctor Fenway,” John says, moving away from the door to stand by the window so he can keep watch over the walkway to 221.
To John the assault looks, well, he thinks the entire set up is a bit of a cliche The blows are certainly painful, but there’d not been enough force behind them to do any more than bruise Doctor Fenway’s skin.  There’s no cuts or sprained bones in his hands or fingers and then there is the damned lamp. Do people really think that is an effective interrogation technique?
John feels Sherlock tense, and for one terrifying heartbeat John wants to grasp hold of him and keep him from fleeing. Stupid words clog John’s throat,  stuff like
“You were attacked,” Mycroft says smoothly and Sherlock wonders how evident his confusion is.
Sherlock regrets allowing Lestrade to take the reins on the conversation with the security guard at London Royal Hospital. Lestrade's not…. wholly incompetent, (not that he'll ever admit it) he's just frustratingly slow and delaying the search for John by letting Amanda Carson flirt with him.
Where is the child’s mother?
Jane Hill is slouched in the corner, a hand against her shoulder and heavy streams of blood spilling through her fingers. Her breathing is erratic, but not more than what he’d expected from somebody who has just been shot.
“Yes?”
They trudge towards the field, his shoes soaked and muddy in seconds as they navigate across the barren field. They walk for a few minutes in silence and then the rain and the wind picks up, whipping against them, and John has to shout to be heard over the gale.
Jane Hill hisses something under her breath, but she too remains resigned next to John.
“How many of these individuals have served time?”
"Carl? Yes, he was. For almost ten years, served with the UN in Bosnia."
“I was prepared to give my life for this country and now they want me to be content with sweeping the streets on a bullshit charge of medical discharge--” Burrell is standing now, angry flecks of red in his cheeks.
Two figures leaving through a black door, one of them is waving at the sea of cameras and microphones. Lestrade. The other is tugging his collar up against the chill.
“Doubtful,” Sherlock says, his forehead scrunched and his mouth slanting in a disapproving frown that he always get when faced with other people’s stupidity (which, according to Sherlock, is always).  “The Alpha-Omega dynamic is a dying field of study; it has no monetary value, no academic accolades, there has not been a new discourse for years - people are simply regurgitating other people’s facts and findings over and over again. If the killer was looking for something in the files, it would be something of personal value.”
Mycroft hears the sound of approaching footsteps (size 6, high heels, a slippery choice for well polished floors.) The door opens and the scent of Channel no. 5 announces Hestia’s arrival. She’s carrying a tablet under one arm, and flickering away on her Blackberry with both her hands.
And it does.
, Sam insist, and he stuffs his collection of fingerprint cards, the kit, a couple of wooden blocks, the art book and a car into his yellow backpack.
John swipes his hand in an arch that’s meant to encompass the entire apartment. The bodyguard frowns a little, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. He takes a step closer to John and lowers his voice if he’s parting with a great secret.
“Even you must have gotten somewhere with Glen Reese’s murder.”
Molly unwinds her scarf with a with quick, agitated movements, and settles down on the chair furthest from the rest of them. She fiddles with her phone and John tries not to linger too long at the realization that this is awkward. He’s shared cups of tea with Molly while waiting for Sherlock who was busy conducting an experiment, but they’ve never grabbed a bite to eat or shared a pint. He doesn't even know that much about her private life. He never presumed that they were friends.
The sight and misery of the place take him down the abysmal path of memory lane of his first few weeks home from Afghanistan when he had drifted aimlessly around London, when Paradise Gardens had been his home.
No, Yu corrects, he’s not just studying the screen, he’s ever so subtly sneaking glances at the people next to him.
The group goes silent when they spot Lestrade and Sherlock. John feels their heavy weight on them as they pass. They are escorted down the corridor, all the way down the stairs and out into the gloomy daylight of the courtyard. The wind has picked up again; John feels its icy caress shoving at them. The crowd seems oblivious to the weather.
“Now, now,” Moriarty chides with a mean grin.
“These are the files we found on the hard drive,” Yu Kosaki explains, “as you can see they are all named after some code. At first I thought there might be some way to break it, but then I looked at the dates the files were created. There’s a video file, here.”
“He doesn’t know where we are,” Jane Hill says archly, “for…security reasons.”
This is somewhat of a special chapter, because I believe it marks the halfway point of the story (as far as my notes goes).
“Let’s move, towards the police car.”
“There is something wrong. You are upset about something, but you are not just upset because I didn’t realize you’re upset. You’re not that pedestrian, despite what Lestrade thinks.”
And to CowMow, you´re brill.
“Don’t you think it’s disgusting?”
Sherlock lets his eyes wander  briefly across Glen Reese’s round form tucked under the duvet in the hospital bed. It’s impossible to tell one way or the other.
Lestrade tries to catch John’s attention. John is always more obvious with his thoughts and feelings and he’s always able to broadcast some of Sherlock’s thinking. John catches his gaze, arches his brow and gives a shrug Lestrade isn’t sure how to interpret. Is it an “all is well” shrug, is it an “I’ve no idea what he is thinking” shrug?
“What a shit hole,” the female constable mumbles, “I would be inclined to end it myself if I had to live here.”
“Right,” Sherlock says, “alibis should discount a lot of possible suspects.” Sherlock moves about the flat, his gaze locked on the file, his free hand leading the way as he advances across the room. John cannot help but to think that Sherlock looks more in is element now than when he sat awkwardly at their lunch table. John shifts his weight from one foot to the other hopes to ease the sudden tension in his joints.
he admonishes with a tug at John’s shirt.
. I am not certain how much of a credit to your vocation you will be when you turn your back on the very discourse you have built your tentative career on.”
“The AED- yes, quickly.”
Christ, John thinks, he really wants to impress Sherlock. He knows that it’s the Omega, wanting the attention of the alpha, but the knowledge doesn’t make him feel any less ridiculous, like a dog wagging his tail, eager to please.
It’s not something John would have bought for himself, it’s something…
John’s breath catches in his throat and he sees Lestrade’s mouth open and close, as if he wants to ask a question but thinks better of interrupting Sherlock.
He stares at it.
It will be problematic if they discover that John kept his sidearm, when he should have handed it in when he pensioned out of the army.  It will be Very Bad if they run ballistics on the weapon and can tie it to the same bullet that killed the cab driver (and, as John never tired of claiming, saved Sherlock’s life.) Right. John put a bullet squarely in the center of his chest. From a building across the road. With a simple handgun.
“I don´t really want anything, John, just to wait and let nature take its course.”
Sherlock drawls out another, “Hmm.” And DI Lestrade looks at John, waiting for John to translate it from Sherlockian to plain English. He probably could, John thinks, the first “hmm” meant “interesting” and the second meant “don’t bother me, I’m thinking.”  Sherlock moves carefully about the crime scene and kneels next to a couple of bottles of cleaning liquids, he nudges one over until he can read the label.
The detective narrows his eyes and John can see Sherlock finally, finally slotting the final pieces together. He pulls back even more; finally letting go of John’s arms and John misses the touch so desperately he almost pleads for it to return. Sherlock furrows his brows and actually wipes his hand on the sleeve of his coat, as if John’s emotions are contagious. John scrambles for the last shreds of his coherency, he gathers them up and holds them tightly until he no longer needs the wall to keep him upright. He dares a glance at Sherlock. He’s standing at the opposite wall, his arms folded over his chest, his lips pressed in sickly grimace. Disappointment. John thinks, that is the worst thing of all. John has prepared for anger, resentment or even disinterest, but not this look as if John has just betrayed him.
“When we couldn't find any signs of Mr. Reese we decided to consult the video footage. The cameras captured Mr. Reese leaving his room at 6:11 am and walking down the corridor towards the elevators. We have him on camera entering the elevator and riding it to the lowest level of the car park. The camera down there are of an older model, you know how it is,” she fixes her brown eyes on Lestrade. “Funding cuts. Thus, the images are of a poor resolution and only in black and white, I fear. But they show a car leaving at 6:29 am, heading west. Only thing you can really make out is a blurry image of the driver, but we are fairly certain that it´s Mr. Reese. ”
John suddenly gets the distinct feeling that he’s witnessing some sort of strange assessment of an old family pet being introduced to its younger counterpart. Mary Morstan who appears in Mrs. Hudson’s doorway saves John from any awkward intervention. She’s dressed in a red coat and the wind has picked apart what was once a neat hairdo.
“My partner, sir, he ran off to chase this guy who knocked his helmet off.”
John hasn’t actually seen Sherlock fight before, but he had always imagined his movements to be as graceful and lithe as the rest of him. He’s seen Sherlock move with feline grace across rooftops, walls and fences, as though he’s been a professional parkourer all his life. This, however, is the response of a cornered animal. Sherlock throws himself at DI Dregs with flailing fists and hissing growls, every punch and swing uncoordinated and fueled by instinct and adrenaline.
“Wonderful,” Ms. Finkle says in the least enthusiastic way possible, “here is my card.”
“I’m not the only one who has been abused, and maybe I’m one of the lucky because I got away. My little sister…she…she was not so lucky. When I got sent to the home, she replaced me. Three years ago she put on her headphones and sat down on the railway tracks.”
Omegas rarely feature in the media, in the past ten years they’ve petered to obscurity. People are no longer interested in seeing Omegas in pornography, in the movies, or even reading about Alpha-Omega relationships in fiction. They’ve been assimilated into every day life. Become invisible. There’s not even been a mention of male Omega pregnancy in medical literature in the past eight years.
Doctor Fenway slowly pries open a drawer on his desk and takes out a small, leather-bound book. From the book he pries out a business card and carefully slides it across the desk to John, careful to keep it just out of reach.
No, they can’t pull him away yet, because Sherlock isn’t breathing! He’s a doctor, for Christ’s sake, he knows what he’s doing. Why are they trying to keep him away?
“It was difficult,” Sherlock says and for a while Mycroft simply watches him.
“I can handle myself,” John replies and hates the dubious look that Glen Reese sends him from over the rim of his drink.
“Please, take a good look at them.”
There's an organized mess to the room, DVDs pulled carefully off their rack and dropped on the floor, none of the cases is cracked. There are books in piles by the bookshelves. A few cushions from the sofa are by the TV bench. To the untrained eye, the room seemed to suffer from the destruction of a violent outburst or a skirmish. But Sherlock's eyes are far from untrained and he can distinguish between the catastrophic violence and the metrology to this chaos. All the picture frames on the walls and the shelves remain intact and the discarded items are discarded too neatly. All the books in one pile. All the DVDs in one pile. He kneels and studies the DVD covers and thinks it a curious mixture, Grey's Anatomy, ER, House MD, Band of Brothers, Generation Kill.
Lestrade looks terrible and he knows he doesn't look much better himself, with dark circles under his eyes, his jaw unshaved and a large bandage on his forehead.
He is suddenly afraid that he´s going to pass out and lose what little control he has of the situation. Besides Ann Marge Sandridge John does´t have a lot of experience with sex. He´s never had another guy kiss him before, or touch him in any other context than a handshake or a friendly clap on the shoulder. He knows the technicalities of gay-sex, or at least as much as he can learn from watching pornography.
As always, thanks to CowMow for being my beta and soundboard. You´ve been an absolute duck.
John feels his chest warms for a moment at Sherlock’s protective display, and a stupid smile makes it ways to his face despite his best efforts to remain stoic.
"Yes, hello." John clears his throat. Once. Twice. "I am Doctor John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes. We are wondering if we might ask you some questions about October 28th of last year?"
“Pardon me,” Molly says, pulling away and rubbing her shoulder.
Constance pulls a clear plastic bag from her pocket and hands it to Sherlock. It's the same vitamin B bottle he saw in Glen Reese's bathroom. "It's been wiped clean of fingerprints."
He’s got all these theories and ideas and he can’t wait to eliminate them, go through all the layers until he comes to the kernel of truth. And then, when you think you have solved it an entire new game reveals itself.
Beside him, Edward Blithely sucks in a sharp breath. He shuffles a few steps backwards, trying to put some distance between himself and the gristly sight. Ms. Alton looks like she’s bitten into something vile, but it is too polite to spit it out. She latches onto Edward’s arm, rooting him in place and hisses something into his ear.
“I didn’t,” Cobb shrugs, “but he’s dead as a doornail. You seem fairly well off though. I told him it’d be more interesting to test the theory the other way around, y’know,” Cobb moves his gun to Glen Reese, “kill the Omega, let the Alpha suffer.”
“John!” Mycroft says, dragging him back to the conversation on his phone.
Sherlock grins, looking immensely pleased with John. He scoots up in his chair until he’s perching on the edge of it, like a great, black rooster, head bent, eyes skimming over the details, making small, content, noises.
John brings the bullet wound back from Afghanistan and a dull, persistent throb in his leg that flares up with the change in the weather. He´s discharged with a cane, a white scar spit across his shoulder and a head full of ghosts. He puts his medal in a shoebox and hides it at the back of his wardrobe.
“The fingerprints Sam told me you collected them from your flat,” Mycroft says.
“The dead man you’ll find inside…his name is Cobb. He was the one in communication with Moriarty, though Jane Hill and Glen Reese only seemed to know him as Jacob.”
, John signs, but Sam is undeterred, giggling and tugging at the duvet. Finally, John finds his iPad and hands it over to his son, knowing he’s just bought himself another forty minutes. If he’s lucky. He lets his head fall back onto he pillow and feels the warmth from Sam’s body against his arm as the toddler settles down in bed next to him, babbling happily and moving his tiny fingers rapidly across the screen.
“Mycroft Holmes,” Mycroft answers, there’s no time to beat about the bush. “Sherlock’s older brother.”
The inside of the store is no less crowded, people swarm everywhere, carrying their green and gold bags, arms burdened by their heavy winter coats. John sees Sam tense up at the sight of the crowd and for a moment he dreads the telltale signs of a tantrum and a demand to return to the far more interesting elephant display. Sherlock lowers him gently to the floor and starts unbuttoning his coat and pulling off his hat and scarfs.
Edward grips the edge of his desk and forces himself to stare straight into the camera. He remembers his instructions: deliberately avoid words like “shame” and “guilt,” don’t show anger or resentment, don’t mask the message with psychology that people can use to pick you apart. Stick to the facts and let the audience fill in the emotions.
“I want my file,” John growls, stalking over to the filing cabinet. Doctor Fenway remains seated behind his desk, watching him as John draws open the D cabinet and flicking through it.
“The room was locked from the inside,” Molly repeats.
“But why did they think you did it?”
Even with the entire Highlands as his options, Sam is happiest when he can wander around and prod at things with a stick. John follows him closely, signing
“Right,” John repeats, feeling his patience strain against the constable’s presence, “if you don’t mind, I need to find DI Lestrade.”
“Right,” John replies and wonders if he should ask if Sherlock has asked after him, or if that would make him too much of a teenage girl.
John looks to Sherlock, but Sherlock twists his head away, refusing to meet his gaze. His shoulders are hunched, and John can almost smell the tension and unease radiating off his shoulders, thick as the smog of London.
“Why would Doctor Fenway value the opinion of Mr. Reese on his work? And for that matter, why did Mr. Reese believe that you could shed some insight on this book? As far as I am aware you have no experience, beyond that required of a general practitioner, on Alphas and Omegas.”
, Sam signs, still looking doubtful.
“What happened last time?” John asks.
Sam laughs, pulling free of Sherlock’s embrace.
He glances up at the victim’s face. It’s almost like he can see echoes of terror and pain in the pale eyes like the poor sod knew what was about to happen to him.
“I know that guy,” a high pitched voice shrieks with glee, “the private detective, Sherlock Holmes. He’s a bloody Alpha, I’m sure.”
He winces.
John takes a last moment to gather his thoughts, lets them disappear with a final exhale. He doesn't want to bring all his anxiety inside to Sam, he’ll pick up on it all too easily and he’s had enough disruptions for a day. Christ, enough for a lifetime.
John steps closer to read Sherlock’s handwriting. The coroner notes the time of death as occurring between 11 am and noon on Sunday.
John, Edward and ms. Alton pile into the observation room where they can view the mortuary behind the glass window. It’s not the first time John is visiting the morgue at the New Scotland Yard, but he has always felt like an interloper and that no matter where he stands, he is in the way of the professionals. The way Sherlock moves around the room, wheeling out a gurney, flicking on the lights and locating the necessary instruments, reminds John how at ease he is in this environment and how he enjoys observing the detective in his natural habitat. It’s a stark reminder of the tentative, truce, or peace, that’s settled over 221B with all their unsaid words scattered about the apartment like a minefield.
John summons the last shreds of his restraints. He hates it when they speak in riddles like he’s too stupid to understand that they are actually hiding something from him.
Sherlock looks immensely pleased with John and John feels an absurd warmth blossom in his chest and his mouth quirks into a crooked smile before he can stop it.
John steals a glance at Sam, who is happily balling up sheets of paper in his tiny fist and babbling to the picture he’s drawing. The mere sight of him stills the wild beating of his heart. He turns his attention to Sherlock, who is staring impassively at the pictures of the crime scene. John knows Sherlock well enough to recognize when his expression is just window dressing.
He knows what will happen, Sherlock will conclude that John’s feelings are nothing more of a chemical defect that is occurring because Sherlock is an Alpha and John has been
“No, everything’s fine. I can’t tell you who they belong to.”
Paradise Gardens looks like it has been lost to time, the rest of London moved on, Paradise Gardens lumbered behind, too heavy and cumbersome to move. Precast concrete slabs are piled together to form rows of 213 small, identical flats. The gardens are muddy; bits of trash, cigarettes and empty cans and rubbish float in puddles of meltwater. A discarded Christmas tree has been flung out from a window, still with all its lights and decorations, leaving a circle of shattered plastic and drizzles of tinsel.
Sherlock remains blissfully silent, accepting it. Whatever
“I don’t know, yet, but I have some theories."
John had gone to Glen’s apartment, saved his life and then called emergency services, but he had not remained on scene to give his report. He had abandoned a man in need, something Sherlock knew went, not only against the Hippocratic Oath, but against the very core of John’s….Johness. He must have been worried that he’d be discovered, that Sherlock would deduce the reason for Glen calling John and John coming to his aid.
Thank you for reading.
“Of course,” the bodyguard lifts his shoulders, but John can still see the reluctance in his expression. He’s really not happy with the situation.
John knows his face turns crimson and he gives a little shrug, his mouth twisting into a grimace. Mike is far gentler in his teasing then Andrew ever is, but John can´t find anything funny about recent exchange.
Unlike Molly, DI Lestrade seems unable to take his gaze off John, and John feels oddly like Lestrade is judging his performance, as if he´s trying to determine if John´s quiet display of grief is real.
“Only if you’re an Omega,” Sherlock says, thankfully not looking at John. John fights the blush that spreads across his cheeks. He really doesn’t want to explain his complicated and unnecessary biology to Lestrade.
He can’t bear the thought. He wants his family together and even if-
“That’s going well,” Sherlock observes dryly. The two constables are slowly walking away, their back ramrod straight, despite the shower of cackle and giggles from the crowd.
"I have the utmost confidence in you," Sherlock proclaims, his voice is soft and ghosting over John´s cheek and making the hair on his arm prickle with desire. The cab suddenly feels far too confined. John shifts in his seat and inches away.  John could never stand to disappoint anybody, he went all the way to Afghanistan and got himself shot just to prove his worth. He certainly can not disappoint Sherlock Holmes, who always laments to John on how he is surrounded by useless idiots. He ignores the pleasing way his stomach rolls at the prospect of proving himself and balls his hands into fists.
“Mrs. Hudson?”
“Yes, the Baron Maupertius and the Netherland Sumatra Company. Quite a scheme.”
“And?” Sherlock prompts.
Bloody hell.
Toby’s tail goes a mile a minute and he snuffles at Mrs. Hudson’s hands, obviously seeking a treat.
"Well, maybe it should- for some people."
He considers John’s hand, smaller and blunter than his own, John’s left hand always slightly bent, curled in the way it does when it remembers his gun and scorching sun of the Afghan desert. John never left the war, and he’ll always be a soldier.
He´ll be able to move on and find somebody who will love him in return.
"If we abandon the notion that the Omegas do not require an Alpha to keep them in balance, imagine what these individuals could do. This is a gender with increased sight, hearing, sense of smell and strength and other untapped resources. Imagine what these individuals could do if their skills were properly utilized. Imagine what we as a species could accomplish if we could tap into the part of their biology that gives them these enhanced senses. Our genetic future lies in understanding the Omega and their real biological capabilities".
Unfortunately, Sam’s aversion to car seats also extends to being strapped into the stroller and by the time they are down on the sidewalk, John can see the telltale signs of a tantrum growing at the edge of Sam’s unhappy mouth.
John’s concern flits away in stages, the furrows in his brow evens out, the grip on Sherlock’s elbow lessens, his shoulders relax and his mouth curls into the familiar half-smile John uses just for Sherlock.
“If he’s a man to easily give in, he wouldn’t have been chosen to do the television broadcast. You should, of course, put him under surveillance immediately. He might lead us to the rest of the group though I doubt they’d risk contact now that they know Lee Finkle has spoken to us.”
Hector rubs his throbbing arm, certain that he’ll be blue and yellow by tomorrow. He picks up his phone and moves quickly out of the apartment. He’d read about it, of course, everybody has, about this predatory gaze that flicks across an Alpha’s eyes seconds before he strikes. As he gathers control of his skittering pulse, Hector hopes to never see it again.
“What about the body mutilation, doesn’t that go against the “legitimization” of the execution?” Lestrade gestures to the close up of the incisions in the groins. Despite extensive searches in the schoolyard and in the surrounding areas, they hadn’t recovered the missing body parts.
“Don’t!” Jane Hill cries, “he said nobody would die. I didn’t sign up for- I don’t want to be associated with murder-”
Charles Waxfield seems to consider this for a moment and then adds "Well, he wasn´t as tall as your bloke there" he says and waves a hand at Sherlock. "But you know, more muscle. Stockier."
“It’s not been long since he was decapitated, three-four hours at most. We’ve got gravity to thank for the blood. That puts time of death somewhere at three or four am. Again, further analysis will give us a more precise estimation.”
“No,” Glen Reese replies, “I feel fine.”
Still no pulse.
The young constable  stiffens when he sees DI Lestrade- what division could he be from?
“This is all for show,” Sherlock says, nodding his head to general mess of the office. “The murderer wanted to hide what he was here for, what he took.”
“Well, he was so kind and gentle and protective - I just,” Glen Reese leans forward and lowers his voice. John follows his lead and leans slightly over the table. When he gets close enough, Glen reaches over and gently touches his arm and John instinctively ually snatches it away.
Sherlock banishes the nagging voices. He can’t deal with theories now. He needs to draw his conclusion from the facts, from the things he observed about John.
Sherlock groans in frustration and John, now somewhat of an expert in following Sherlock’s leaps and bounds of reasoning adds for Sally Donovan’s benefit, “It means there must be an index system somewhere, how else would he be able to identify his patients?  And - “ he huffs a nervous laugh before Sherlock can interrupt him, “ - how did our killer know which pseudonym the file he was looking for was under?”
Sherlock signs when Sam shows the first signs of fidgeting,
“If we summarize what we know so far…. Finkle arranges for Glen Reese to take part in a Support Group for people who have been the victim of abuse from Alpha. We know that Edward Blithely is in the same group. There is also a nurse, a lawyer and a marine…..” Lestrade turns his eyes to Yu Kosaki’s computer screen. Yu slides sideways to give the detective inspector a better view of her desktop even if the only thing on it is the countdown of the flickering files.
Mycroft’s invisible driver pulls the car to a halt outside the London Royal Hospital. Sherlock hates, hates how his brow curls to a question mark on its own accord. Mycroft doesn’t even look up from his phone when he replies smoothly.
John’s already forming a strategy of how to calm Sam down, when Sherlock rises, picks Sam up from the chair. He walks through the restaurant to the privacy afforded downstairs by the restrooms. Sam’s cries peter out, but the other child is still going at it in full force. A red-faced woman stomps past John, a small, angry girl clutching her shoulders.
John fingers his mobile phone, wondering if he should text Mycroft and ask after Sam. He pictures them in Mycroft’s opulent living room, Mycroft teaching him sign language or working on some complicated puzzle. It's where he would rather be right now. Where Sherlock would rather be right now.
What went wrong?
“Medical records are a subject of doctor-patient confidentiality, even after the decease of the doctor in question.”
"Oh, that?" John says, aiming for casual and missing it with about a mile. He wipes his sweaty palms against his jeans to hide that they are shaking. "Nothing at all."
“Yes?”
“Moriarty’s network. It took me two years to dismantle it.”
Sherlock’s phone gives another insisted buzz, then third and a fourth before it falls silent. John can see the longing in Sherlock’s eyes, his curiosity, and eagerness to check his messages. Just because he’s sitting down at an ordinary lunch doesn’t mean that the world’s greatest detective has stopped working. Not that John ever wants him to, he doesn’t want to change Sherlock Holmes in any way, he doesn’t want to diminish him.
"Relax, relax" Andrew adds hurriedly. His gaze lingers on John´s for another moment, and John quickly looks away, certain that his ears are now burning. He twists his fists into his shirt, his mind skimming through a litany of possible replies, though they all dies on his lips before he can voice them. He notices the way girls smile at him and the sweet smell of their perfume.  But he likes his studies, he loves learning about medicine, and he likes the ACF. Just because he´s neat and hard-working and doesn´t chase skirts, Andrew seems to be under suspicion that he´s gay. He is a normal, sensible seventeen-year-old boy, even if that is a bit of an oxymoron.
“Yes, I know what it is,” Sally Donovan snaps. The constable’s mouth quirks in a passive smile.
Glen Reese.
“Ask a nurse.” Sherlock scoffs. He turns away from Glen, and without a final glance, strides away from the bed.
Doctor Fenway quickly pushes John further behind him until he is fully shielding him with his own body.
“Christ, Sherlock. Are you spying on John? You can’t do that.”
Love is a dangerous disadvantage- Irene Adler had proved that.
Sherlock moves over to their living room table, covered by a mound of papers, books and stacked high with takeaway cartons and paper cups. John doesn’t understand how anybody could find anybody in such a disorganized pile of debris, but as always there is a method to Sherlock’s madness and he emerges with a thin folder in his hand.
“It’s the model of what they thought you could measure an Alpha’s personality, talents, and mental abilities.”
Sherlock allows himself to drift back to that moment in the corridor; John pressed between him and the wall, wide-eyed with surprise and his warm, moist, breath ghosting over Sherlock’s cheek. Ragged, uneven breathing. It’s been many years since anybody were so close that he could feel their exhalation. John had been almost pliant against him, his hands on Sherlock, holding on to him and in the same grip, holding them apart. Even in this memory, Sherlock can still feel the imprint of every of John’s fingers.
Yikes, sorry for the long wait. Between parent-teacher conferences, a holiday in Japan and a bit of a writer's block, this chapter just wouldn't come together. Thankfully, CowMow's been my crutch and the following chapter should not be too far behind.
John wrecks his brain for what he knows about the psychiatric practices in England and realises that somebody must have pulled a lot of strings for Glen Reese’s lenient incarceration.
“What were their names?” Sherlock demands, taking a step towards Alexander who immediately freezes, her expression closing and her eyes suddenly white with fear. Her book drops from her eyes hands and she starts backpedalling, tripping over her suitcase and stumbling to the ground.
-John squeezes his eyes shut without even meaning to, tries to rein in these emotions pouring through him. Chemistry, he thinks desperately. This is neurochemistry, basic biology. Dopamine and oxygen and vasopressin and pheromones and testosterone and love, love love-
Sign language, Sherlock realizes. He knows nothing of the language (a gap in his knowledge that he must fill). He watches the pair, John and this child, smiling and talking and then turns his gaze to the restaurant, searching the tables for a woman sitting alone. She’ll be carrying a large purse (toddlers always requires necessities) dressed in an elegant and practical outfit (children are messy) and she’ll be scanning the crowds-
“I am putting this is as delicately as I can. Adrian Reese was arrested for indecent behavior towards a World War One soldier memorial statue up at Cornhill.” Lestrade cringes and shuffles the papers away. “At any rate, he’s still down there” Lestrade gestures to the live footage of Adrian Reese shuffling about in his cell.
“How can you possibly tell?” DI Dregs demands, disgruntled.
Some sort of opiates, he thinks.  Probably the same stuff Jane Hill used to incapacitate him .
“Ugh.” Sherlock scowls. “How long will you insist that they keep me here?”
John grimaces under the scrutiny, seems ready to give up on what he is saying, but bravely he soldiers on. He looks straight at Sherlock, his shoulders rolled back when he says, “you are his father.”
Yu Kosaki steps up and walks them through the system on the whiteboard.
What John learns.
He sits in the waiting room at Princess Grace Hospital, a cup of disgusting coffee in a paper cup. He tries Sherlock’s cellphone fifteen times before he gives up. He’s called Lestrade too, but the detective inspector isn’t answering and John can only hope it’s because he’s busy helping Sherlock.
“Sherlock Holmes! Back from the dead, is this another-”
His phone pings again.
All the presents are actual presents I found at various places on google by using phrases like "presents for genius toddlers" and "what to get Sherlock for Christmas."
It’s been a while since John has seen any violent crime scenes. He feels Sherlock’s eyes on him, as if he’s trying to gauge John’s reaction. And John realizes he needs a moment, even if it’s just a small one, to brace himself for the images pinned to the crime scene board.
From Mycroft, there’s a book called
John finds Sherlock’s blog where he’s written out the math and diagrams for the perfectly decorated Christmas tree. The length of tinsel. The number of baubles and length of lights.
"I heard he took an actual bite out of the man´s neck", his mother frowns and sips her tea, "and all that poor man did was looking at his fiancé."
But the street behind her is empty.
John simply nods and he doesn’t realize until Glen Reese has left his office that he’s been holding his breath. He rubs his eyes, wiping them clear of grit and sleep. This is really the last thing he needs on his already filled plate.
John texts Mycroft with an update, who assures John that Sam might as well stay until next morning, as they are both occupied with something Mycroft calls a fiendish puzzle. John half suspects they might be watching them on CCTV.
“Just make sure you get out of here before five,” she scolds him.
“Rumors are that you are responsible for the financial crisis that-”
“I suppose it’s a reason they call it the terrible twos,” Molly mumbles.
He urges Sam forward. His son walks ahead, only once casting an anxious glance over his shoulder. He doesn’t shake his haunted expression until Sherlock takes his other hand.
“It’s odd, though,” Molly muses.
He pushes forward again and John holds his breath as the man runs his meaty fingers along John´s face, sliding along his jaw to cup the back of his neck. Some part of John recognized the caress as attempting to be tender, maybe even caring, but all it did was send warm tendrils of fear along his spine to his knees.
Lestrade frowns, “the what?”
God, yes.
“He’s looking at some sort of catalogue?”
Apparently, Lestrade’s thinking along the same lines, before he moves to grab Sherlock’s arm, and casts a discrete glance at the door.
“We should ask Allen Farren,” Sherlock declares. When Lestrade and John stare at him blankly, he groans in frustration and turns with a dramatic swoop of his arm. He strides over to the dining table and rummages through its impossible filing system until he finds what he’s looking for. “Fenway’s younger lover, his research assistant. Even if he did not know how to decipher Fenway’s filing system, he might know how Fenway did.”
It’s the most absurd tableau ever, Sherlock hiding his expression behind the rim of his teacup, John glowing at his and Moriarty grinning like a cat.
Lestrade spreads his hands, “we only wish to hear what Edward Blithely might know about some individuals we are hoping to identify. Individuals you might know by association,” he addresses the last to Edward who runs a hand through his hair again.
Lestrade combs a hand through his hair. "What about Adrian Reese?"
“The film lasts for about ten minutes,” Yu explains, her fingers running over a wireless keyboard, “and it’s obvious it has been put together from different segments.”
"You´ve thought about this for a while." Lydia says.
Alexander Lee Finkle takes a deep breath as if she needs to gather her courage before she closes the last few inches between them standing so close to John that he can taste the alcohol on her breath as she whispers, “It’s about the triple homicide.”
Lestrade is immensely grateful when the two of them pack up to leave two hours later. John’s smiles are more strained and Sherlock looks like he’s holding back a thunderstorm. As they make for the door, Lestrade grabs Sherlock’s arm and says quietly and tightly. “All right, so you were, in fact, right about John.”
“Wait,” Jane Hill pushes herself up on her feet, swaying uneasily until John grabs her arm and steadies her.
“It’s difficult to think straight when you’re in danger,” Sherlock confesses and he hears the sound of his own heartbeat in those words. John’s hands fall still under his and he sees how John has to fight to keep his face blank.
“Things have been quiet since John moved,” Mrs. Hudson sighs, “at first there were all these reporters hanging around, but even they gave up. Thank heavens.”
“Good morning, Mycroft,” John offers.
Except, he really hasn´t. He may always be in the same room as Sherlock, but he´ll never see, observe, the world as Sherlock does and connect the dots as easily as Sherlock does. He will always try and catch up with Sherlock Holmes.
The list continues, little drabs and drips of observations that he has catalogued and stored until his list was so comprehensive it became a book, then trilogy, then a series, until it filled an entire bookshelf, a whole room and then an entire wing of his Mind Palace. He might even have to consider additional complexes.
Sherlock appears, still dressed in his coat, scarf tied loosely around his neck.
They put on their morning robes and step into the living room, and yes, there are presents.
. He wants Sherlock to carry the evidence of John’s possession. He wants his own claim of ownership etched into his skin. It’s nothing he’s wanted before and he tries to shut it off until the heat of it tears through this wall that’s kept him safe for years and years, smashes through and floods him with all the emotions and thoughts he’s kept stored away, because his Alpha-
Lestrade looks and blinks until he finally registers what Sherlock is saying.
Suddenly, a laceration of apprehension as several things falls into place at once.
“Look” DI Lestrade says, “Sherlock will be all over this and have you cleared in a couple of hours.”
This chapter contains references to sexual abuse of a minor. The description is none explicit and is in reference to the murder-mystery-case and
“Why are you doing this?” John asks meekly, his entire posture slumping in defeat.
The fog clings to her body, sticky and humid and her coat is heavy and warm. A bead of sweat trickles down the back of her neck and she worries that her uniform will be stained before her shift has started.
“Oh,” John frowns, his hand moving up to rest against Sam’s back, “I suppose you’re off to the Yard.”
"Please", John tries feebly. "Let me go." The pounding of his heart is fighting a losing battle with churning his stomach and he wonders how the man will react if John vomits on him. He´s not sure if the situation can get any worse.
Lydia appears in the corridor, a green apron around her slim waist and her blonde curls kept away from a round face. She smiles at John and John forces a smile back.
John grabs at the arms holding him fast, but it is impossible to pry himself free. The man simply thrusts his elbow into John´s chest. His breath hitches and he struggles for his next gasp of air.
“They will have missed something.”
“You will be held accountable for-”
And now, a new question.
The book reads, “Hi, I am_____” and in the gap somebody (John) has filled in Sam’s name. The narrative continues in this way with John filling in the date of his birthday, how long he was when he was born and how much he weighed. When Sherlock has navigated his way through he first two pages, Sam turns the pages and Sherlock stares down at a picture of John, looking years younger (before his last deployment) and Sherlock, collar tucked up under his chin and looking at something far away. An odd echo of Sam’s picture.
John tugs up the collar of his jacket to escape the rain and stuffs his hands into his pockets. He’s not taken many steps away from the pub when a hand suddenly grabs his arm and spins him around.
He grabs Sherlock’s arm and drags him through the throng of people, carefully nudging microphones and cameras out of his way.
“Her family seems convinced that her husband is guilty,” John says after reading a few of the witnesses statements, “that she wasn’t one to commit suicide, that’d it go against her Catholic faith.”
“Right,” John agrees, “only I was in fact, kidnapped.”
“Only a couple” Kosaki answers, “but since the point of the execution was to punish them for crimes where the police have failed, we don’t think it will be helpful. Besides, 67% of these individuals were brought to Fenway after they had committed a minor misdemeanor written off as a biological side effect. We’ve also excluded people who are not listed as British citizens. We also thought about removing those who do not fit the description of the crimes confessed in the video or on the List, but since we do not know the validity of those claims, or if they ever confessed them to Fenway….” She trails off.
Sam concedes carefully.
Further down on the page is a smaller image, this time of a man staring straight into the camera with a sightless stare locked on something far beyond the shoulder of the photographer. It’s a round face with thinning hair and pudgy shoulders and if it weren’t for the eyes it would have difficult to see any resemblance in the two individuals.
John has been missing for five hours and twenty-three minutes.
"Sherlock, there is something you ought to know-" John tries, as Sherlock starts to unbutton his cardigan with his long, slender fingers. He can feel his heart beating erratically against his chest as Sherlock breathes warm, moist air against the wet patch he just licked against his neck. His fingertips brush the short hair at the nape of his neck, drawing them closer together.
John doesn’t like to think about Doctor Fenway and the experimentations he and Jacob conducted. Had it included testing chemicals and drugs on Alphas? Is that why the killers knew the Stesolid would work?
“Sherlock’s fake version of your signature ensures that Simon Whitewell is taken from custody and brought to the scene of execution at Tyrrells Primary School. You do not know the identity of the driver and you have been unable to locate the vehicle. At the crime scene, they videotape the execution for the purpose of creating sympathy for their cause. However, during the execution Simon Whitewell exposes one of the individuals and claims that he is not, in fact, an Alpha. This means that the ritual execution is tainted.
“There was some circumstantial evidence. I had been at his office the same evening he was killed and they found my fingerprints on his desk.Somebody had heard us arguing...”
“You are brilliant!” Sherlock’s proud voice curls down his spine and John braces a hand against the wall. “You need to come down here. Bring the answering machine.”
Both Lestrade and John look to Sherlock who is still seemingly engrossed in studying the map. He doesn’t say anything. Sherlock is clearly not here right now, occupied with following the lines of his own deductions, though Lestrade can’t say if he’s occupied with trying to figure out John or the map.
John stuffs his free hand into his pocket, his shoulders hunched almost up to his ears as he staves off the cold wind. They walk for a few minutes, huddled against the cold before Sherlock tugs off his gloves. He hands them wordlessly to John.
Sherlock ignores Anderson’s shout of protests as he barrels past him and down, down the flight of stairs and across the main hall, pushing away police constables still on high alert.
“Doctor Mizuno? I doubt it. Since it is impossible to identify any of the patients on the records, they are worthless to any doctors who might have inherited his practice.”
In the end, Sam answers for him.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply, but one look at John is enough for him to swallow his words down. He remembers what he’s said, he always remembers everything.
Of course, John would not want to admit to being an Omega, and at least not one that is going to have a mock version of his life published and dissected by his medical colleagues.
He frowns.
“You’ve established a timeline,” John says, the vowels   thin in his throat.
Lestrade frowns. “You think the victims were measured and weighed?”
This feeling, John realizes, is something new  He has no frame of reference for the way Sherlock makes him feel - it falls woefully short of how he ever felt about Ann Marge Sandrige.  He’s almost losing control and when he stops himself, just before he reaches out and wraps Sherlock’s hand in his, it’s with equal parts astonished relief and disappointment.
I live here now. He thinks.  He twists in his tangled sheets and stare at drawer in his bedside cabinet. This is my life now.
Sam sniffles and gives John a look that tells him that he’s not fully convinced of John’s assessment of the situation and John knows that the best way out of this is to use the element of distraction, so he picks up the paper Sam has been working on. On the blank side of an old report is a massive round circle of blue with solid blocks in the middle.
An hour or so later they are ready for round two. Sam unwraps art supplies from Mrs. Hudson and from Father Christmas there is a model launch tower and space shuttle. John’s been sensible and bought him new wellies, black with yellow bees on them, as well as an otter plush. Sherlock’s been equally sensible with a pair of green, finely knit gloves and glow-in- the-dark stars to put on Sam’s ceiling. Sam eats his breakfast, wearing new boots and gloves (and only gets a little bit of jam on the otter.)
He rises, matching Burrell’s height and folding his arms across his chest. “Lance Corporal,” he tries with chilly politeness, “calm down and return to your seat, please.”
They stride into the interview room. Lestrade places the two cups of coffee on the table, but neither ms. Alton or Edward Blithely makes any gestures to accept them.
“Doctor Watson. This book was recovered from the locked desk in Doctor Fenway’s office. Is there any reason your fingerprints should be on this book?”
Molly tucks her hands under had armpit and takes a sudden keen interest in the state of her shoes.
Sherlock returns a few minutes later with two steaming cups of tea, placing one carefully into John’s hand and stealing a glance at Sam. He’s still clutching at John’s hand. Clearly, sleep has done nothing to loosen up his grip.
“What is it you want?”
“I told you,” is all Sherlock whispers. John searches his mind for half-remembered questions and feels his frown smoothed away under Sherlock’s fingertips. John has to push himself up on his toe and kisses him lightly, and then it’s like they’ve done this a hundred times before, even though the real amount can be counted on one hand. Sherlock’s hands are warm against this cheeks, and the intimate feel of his mouth, his tongue sliding into John’s mouth, makes John sway forward in a rush of relief until Sherlock’s back collides with the edge of the counter. John’s fingers skim along Sherlock’s arm, clutching at his elbows to keep him in place even as the Alpha fights for dominance in the kiss. Sherlock’s right hand fists the shirt in the middle of John’s back, his breath fast and hot against John’s lips.
“The wounds on her wrists are curious,” John says again and Sherlock nods his acknowledgment.
“Anyways, now that that’s settled, there’s really no use for you.”
I am still without a Beta-reader and the chapter suffers thusly.
“I can just picture the headlines.” The voice pauses for dramatic effect. “Suspect Attacked by Police Officers While in Custody.”
*You shouldn’t bring Sam to the Yard. The sheer stupidity of its officers will hinder his mental development. SH*
“D’you mind?” He nods his head towards the cat figure and Sally gives him permission with a casual shrug.
He’s hoarse by the time he has to account for Glen Reese’s seizures and the fight with Cobb. His vision swims in a hazy array of colors and for the first time, John allows himself to admit that he is utterly knackered. How long ago since Jane Hill gave him his Suppressants? How long since Glen Reese’s first seizure?
“Shut up!”
When Glen Reese walks into his office at the surgery five days later, John knows he should have been prepared for it. He isn't, of course, because Sherlock is on the cusp of one of his epic sulks that is making John feel despairing and helpless in equal measures. He wonders when he became so tuned in to Sherlock that he cannot even separate his own emotions.
She’s still dressed in her constable’s uniform, with the dress jacket unbuttoned and her hair gathered in a bun at the nape of her neck.  John forces his eyes away from Jane Hill and studies the man standing next to her. He´s  tall, taller than even Sherlock, with a broad chin and short, blonde hair. He carries himself with an easy lift to his shoulders that speaks of agility and speed, and the way he stands tells John that he's probably carrying a weapon.
The dog whines and Sophie Barnes lets her fingers run through it course hair on its head and muzzle. They come away sticky and wet and it takes her a few second to realize that it’s blood.
John folds his arms over his chest, clutches his elbows and anchors his myriad of emotions  in the painful feeling of his fingers digging into his arm. In the corner of his eye he sees several constables cordoning off the area leading to the air-raid shelter and people walking in and out, covered in plastic overalls and carrying sleek, metal, suitcases.
“They followed him to King’s College, but they don’t know who he’s meeting with there. A homeless person can hide in plain in sight in the middle of London, but they are generally quite visible in an upscale university where everybody dresses in suits.” Sherlock looks at Lestrade expectantly, waiting for him to tell him where the fault in his logic is. Or at least try to, because there’s never any fault in Sherlock’s logic, no matter how askew it might seem from the understanding of normal people.
John tries not to stare too much at Sherlock’s fingers and lips as obey Sam’s instructions. Sam bats his long lashes at his father and looks insufferably smug as if he knows what  a marvelous feat it is to get Sherlock to do anything as he’s told without a fuss. For a moment, John entertains the notion that Sam might even get him to pick up some milk on his way home.
“You're actually-“
Which was unprecedented because people were usually so unremarkable.
“I’ve been reading about the case… I heard about Moriarty’s head,” Molly lowers her voice as a couple of teenagers stagger by them. “What does Sherlock make of it?”
This is new.
Sherlock had not paid Glen Reese any more attention for he was if anything, a prime example of how spectacularly boring some people were.
-Still no breath.
“Hmm,” is the only response Sherlock will give.
For a second it feels like he might throw up and he grips the edge of the sink to keep himself upright. Grey mist swirls in front of his eyes and he sucks in air in deep breaths, turns the tap on and lets the water run ice cold through his fingers before he splashes it against his face.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade?”
"Doctor Fenway" Haversaw says in a voice that is all black silk and lust. His eyes never leave John and John feels his pulse escalate and his breath catch in his throat.
"What were you doing in Brentwood?"
They walk home in silence and John can blame the traffic of London’s pedestrians when he leans slightly against his flatmate.  Sherlock has his hands deep into the pockets of his Belstaff coat, his scarf loosened at his neck. Now and again John steals a sideways glance at Sherlock and commits to memory the way he looks: his dark lashes sweeping shadows against his sharp cheeks, the cupid’s bow of his mouth. John spends the rest of the walk back to Baker Street trying not to imagine what it would feel like to press his lips against that mouth.
John performs the standard routine for checking an insurgent’s house, going through the rooms and checking behind the doors and every corner. He moves slowly through the apartment, never forgetting who Glen Reese’s Alpha is, and knowing he can’t really trust that Adrian Reese is actually gone.  The last thing he wants is to be caught breaking into his house in the middle of the night.  He makes his way slowly upstairs and spots a  sliver of faint light seeping out from under the door at the end of the hall.
“For all I know, he’s left the country,” Lestrade says, “though how he did that without leaving a single trace, well, there’s only one man with such power.”
The pain dissipates but doesn’t completely recede. He takes stock of himself, notes the bandage around his head, the dull throb along his spine and the blue and white cast extending from his hand to just below his elbow.  He’s in pain, but far worse is the fractured distortion of his memory. He remembers the subway station, Finkle, and John, but the chronology is all jumbled and he cannot piece together which events led him from standing on the platform to lying in a hospital bed.
In the background, sirens wails, and the viewers are given a birds-eye view of a severe fire engulfing three large apartment blocks. Despite the concrete structure, there seems to be amble fuel for the fire to consume. Thick, toxic, smog crawls to the night sky, eerie flickers of embers dancing in the wind. Mycroft hears the glutteral command of somebody shouting through a megaphone. Two small firetrucks are battling the raging fire, but Mycroft knows that they are simply hoping to control the spread. The apartments are beyond saving.
John frowns. He’s known DI Lestrade for some time now and the DI has never offered him tea.
He reins in the desire, he'll not let some foolish instincts dictate his actions. Besides. John wouldn’t appreciate having his possession destroyed. He actually likes the ridiculous jumpers (particularly the nasty beige one) and he’ll want to wear them when he gets home.
“I think we’ve outstayed our welcome,” John smile humourlessly, and Sherlock nods, equally tense and solemn.
John grants himself two seconds to panic, before he reels in his emotions and locks them away somewhere deep and dark in his mind. He can feel his left hand still on the table, and the dull ache from his leg seep away. He looks at the book with glacial calm, his expression even and controlled.
Sherlock devours every inch of John with his eyes, the way his hair curls around his ears, the white blossom of a gunshot wound painted on his shoulder. He skims his fingers across the scar, and then yanks his hand back as though he’s been scolded.
Sherlock struggles past the lump in his throat, his skin suddenly clammy, and places a hand on Sam’s head like he’s seen John do. The gesture is easy, almost mindlessly instinctive, as he soothes back his son’s curls.
“That was my choice,” John growls.
Doctor Coleman then proceeded with a detailed description of the result of the blood  analysis, going into excruciating detail about the angle of the blood splatter and the instruments used to remove the testicles of the three victims. By the end, Lestrade thinks that, for the first time since he was a rookie, he might actually be sick.
Christmas morning slips in, dark and only accompanied by the distant sound of a siren somewhere in London. Sam crawls into their bed around six am and John is grateful that he had the foresight to suggest that they dress before falling asleep. Sherlock sleeps like a starfish, his covers kicked onto the floor, one knee in John’s back and one arm slung dramatically over his eyes.
And he feels the imprint of Sherlock’s long fingers against his shoulders, holding him hard enough to bruise and mark him.
John struggles to keep his voice steady when he replies, “yeah, sure. Do you…um, want to come to where we are staying?”
“Yes,” John replies.
The streets are unusually busy, with people hurrying to and from, heads hunched in the rain. Two police cars blares past him, a distant siren answering their alarm from somewhere downtown. It takes him a couple of streets before John manages to hail himself a cab, and an hour after Sherlock called he finds himself back in Paradise Gardens, the box tucked safely under his arm.
“Maybe this is the something big,” John says with a wave to the computer screen, “maybe they weren’t connected to the murders at all.”
The name "David" is written clearly on the front of the book with smears of blood visible on the edges. Anderson gives the bag a little teasing rattle, like John is a kid, and Anderson is holding a goodie bag just out of his reach.
“You’re a consulting detective, the only one in the world, I’m told,” the sides of his mouth tugs upward in a small, private expression, “when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult you.”
He was bitter at the gods, life and the universe in general for dealing him such a rotten hand.  He was annoyed at himself for letting himself be compromised, and he was furious for not having the ability to defend himself. Reliable and diligent John Watson. He knew the Periodic Table by heart. He knew snippets of Shakespeare´s sonnets, all the Prime Ministers since Gladstone and could do long divisions in his head. He´d joined the Army Cadet Forces to learn how to save people. He knew how to stand at attention, to assemble a gun and to complete a parade march.
Interesting, Lestrade thinks.
Sally Donovan regrets wearing high heels. Even if they do make her legs look fabulous. She feels the ache of a long day at work and Friday Happy Hour. Somehow, having one drink with Anna Chapman turned into four and she knew she’d probably have continued if she wasn't on call after midnight. She doesn't intend to show up in work with a hangover, even if there’s no Sherlock Holmes to point it out and ridicule her for it.
The intern huffs and folds his arms over his chest. “Freedom of the press, ma’am. There’s nothing in the constitution that says that you have to sympathize with the victims or hate the murderer.”
John feels the barrel of Jacob’s gun press into his back, nudging him towards the kitchen, “grab the plate, and let’s go, sweetheart.”
He eats the next one standing in front of the large map of London. There are a lot more pins in it this time, Ipswich is circled with a blue marker. He’s curious to know how Sherlock managed to locate them, what cunning clue had he picked up? Jane Hill had seemed to think that Sherlock wouldn’t find him until John peaked, and although John had been utterly mad with Heat and-
“Yeah, just…..”
They sit for a few moments, Edward Blithely idly picking at some imaginary lint on his trousers while Audre Alton drums her manicured fingernails against the table.
Sherlock replies. John feels Sam wriggling against his chest, a finger hooked into the corner of his mouth, his eyes pleading.
But Lestrade had remained stoic in the storm of criticism that hailed over them as the weeks dragged on and they were no closer to solving Glen Reese’s murder.
Not for the first time John wishes he had Sherlock’s power of observation.
“This triple homicide is quite unexpected. While Glen Reese and Jane Hill were an obvious, if boorish, attempt to garner my attention and lure me out, Simon Hill’s death is something else entirely. It’s something new, no, not Moriarty, there is somebody else who wants to play.”
Waiting.
DI Lestrade sighs, pushes a pile of papers to one corner and collects a couple of clear-plastic evidence bags that he dumps into a cardboard box.
Lestrade is intimately familiar with this song and dance between John and Sherlock. Sherlock will refuse, though Lestrade is beginning to suspect that it is only a token defense. John will continue to needle him, urging him to have a bite of this or that. It may take hours, but John is as unrelenting as Sherlock is stubborn. In the end, John will drag Sherlock to the negotiation table, they’ll sling sharp-witted insults at each other, though never barbed ones, there will be rolling of eyes, arched brows, and much scuffing of feet. In the end they’ll hash out some sort of agreement. Sherlock will take a bite or something, and John will look immensely pleased with himself.
"Let go." John´s voice cracks on the last syllable. He tries to push himself free, but the guy´s grip is like a vice and the more John struggles against it, the tighter it seems to get.
“I’m fine,” John lies, grateful that DI Lestrade does not possess Sherlock’s powers of observation, “just tired.”
Mrs. Hudson shakes her head, “he didn't even say goodbye. I always though that awfully strange.”  The smile on her face is close-lipped and gentle, “it must have been terrible, seeing- seeing somebody you care for throw themselves-”
Glen Reese. That other Omega.
“No,” Mary shakes her head, “I’m just a friendly neighbor,” she jabs a thumb at the staircase, “I live on the third floor, apartment C?” She phrases it like a question and John finds himself nodding again. As far as he can remember, apartment C has always been empty though he doesn’t really understand why. Perhaps Sherlock and he didn’t make the easiest neighbors, what with the random gunshots, the nauseating odors from experiments and violin music at all times.
“Um,” the intern repeats “well, he’s in room 315, bed three.”
He tucks Glen Reese’s arm under his head, shifting his legs until he’s in the recovery position. Then he stands, glancing around the room for a moment, before wiping the vomit from his fingers on his pants.
There, are, however, more drinks with Molly Hooper, and eventually lunches and dinners until one day Lestrade grabs her hand to tug her across the intersection at Piccadilly Circus and he Lestrade realizes that they might actually be dating
“Just let it be, Mrs. Gillespie, the news is better than that dreadful cooking show that Mrs. Darrows is insisting on watching.”
‘Compress thirty times in a quick rhythm,’ his instructor’s voice flits through, calm and smooth. ‘If you want you can use the beat from Staying Alive, let the chest rise completely before pushing down again. Then repeat the two inhalations of air, remember to pull slightly away from the victim before you fill your lungs, you want clean air. Good job, Watson. Now, keep it up until the person starts breathing independently or an emergency responder takes over. Now, the average response time is 15 minutes, and that is a long time to keep up this kind of work, so in the ideal situation there will be two of you and you’d be able to switch. Now –’
“His wife and child,” somebody adds with a hiss, “from the fifth floor!”
The woman is her early thirties with long unkempt hair and wearing shoes with such high heels, it should be impossible to run in them. Sally frowns. The woman is doing small, odd, jumps as she runs, leaping two steps right and then left, never repeating the pattern.
“Thank you, dear. I am really sorry, I wish I could help you, but that day is just one dark spot in my memory. It was just such a terrible day, I suppose I’m lucky I can’t remember it.”
“Hey, are you all right?”
Warning: for some violence.
“I can´t wait,” Jane Hill says in a harsh breath “to see how Sherlock Holmes reacts when he comes to rescue you, only to catch scent of how…alluring you smell. You think he´s going to be able to maintain control over his "transport?”
He buys himself time by pulling his glasses off his nose and cleaning them with the edge of his shirt. He feels Burrell’s eyes watching his every moment like a cat watching a prey.
"Greg," John says, with a sudden, sinking feeling in his chest, "Where is Sherlock?"
Judging from Ms. Alton’s vicious glare, it is exactly what she is insinuating. She smoothly paves over Donovan’s indignant huff with a list of legal precedents, bylaws and Sections curtailing the police’s right to what is, technically, her client’s property and their lack of a search warrant and how mr. Blithely is an innocent bystander in all this. Even before she reaches the end of her impressive monologue, Lestrade is raising his hands in surrender.
"They are humans" John reasons "and England does´t have the death-penalty."
Afterwards, by some miracle, they manage to find a quiet corner in the cafe. Sam is working his way through pieces of fruit and the anatomy puzzle on John’s phone, while John enjoys a cup of tea.
Lestrade freezes, water spills over the kettle and splashes on the sleeve of his shirt. Sherlock’s standing in the doorway, his eyes leveling with Lestrade’s. Searching.
“Not sure if I should be offended or-”
“He’s got a violent streak,I was surprised when... and he´s very persistent, if he desires something he’ll not give up until he has it. I had thought that when he Bonded he´d settle down, but....” Doctor Fenway continues as if John is not even in the room.
"Is there something amiss?" John chances another glance at the Alpha. His posture remains rigid, uncomfortable and his scent is unchanged.
John swallows around a lump in his throat recognize dimly that it might very well be his own heart.
“Smart looking woman, blonde, expensive suit.”
“Anyways, this Alpha swoops in and saves me like a knight in shining armor,” Glen Reese grins crookedly, a faint blush creeping across his cheeks, “and we spent my first Heat together, and we Bonded and Mated a few days later.”
John scents Sherlock before he sees him.
Though not for somebody with enhanced eyesight.
“I didn’t know there was a neighbor,” Lestrade says. He’s standing in a corner while Sherlock is lying on his back on the sofa, his fingers steepled under his chin, his eyes closed. It’s such a familiar tableau that it ignites something ridiculously warm and fuzzy in John that brings a smile to his lips.
Hestia purses her lips. “This is an obvious break in the pattern, which is why it is felt that a relocation is necessary."
Crime scene technician Albert Thompson offers her a tired nod, before he gestures to the body.
“But - “
, John places a hand gently on his shoulder until he has his son’s attention,
Sherlock snorts.
And then-
“So this is your grand, master scheme?”
Sherlock might never admit to being capable of emotions, but it’s certainly there, in the way his mouth meets John- desire, urgency, frustration crashing their mouths together. His hands move to John’s shoulders again, and John spares a fleeting second to marvel at how perfectly they fit under Sherlock’s broad hands. John’s not really sure what to do with his own hands, but settles for placing them carefully against the detective’s back, feeling Sherlock’s muscles jump at the contact.
DI Dregs moves forward, intent on taking John by the shoulder, but Sherlock raises his gaze, his eyes brimming with danger. “You’re not touching him.”
Despite his genetic inheritance, Sam does actually sleep the usual amount for a two-year-old, even if he’s fighting it at every step towards the bedroom. In his room, John instantly spies the ragged remains of a stuffed dog that he bought at the hospital the day he was admitted because he was hopelessly unprepared for the task of fatherhood.
“After Moriarty sent you down to Mrs. Hudson….” Sherlock starts.
“Yes, but not necessarily Fenway’s patients,” Sherlock starts only for John to finish his sentence. “They would be victims of an altercation with an Alpha, or the extended family. Though, I suppose in such cases their names might be protected….”
“Sir.” She gives an aborted bow, before flushing with embarrassment.
John’s distracted by his dark thoughts when Sam decides to experiment with the laws of gravity by using his glass of milk. He is instantly displeased with the result when John pries him out of the chair, milk dripping onto the floor. Sam whines and stuffs his sticky fingers into John’s hair.
thought he’d be happy to see you.”
, he says. Sam’s eyes are glued on him.
“First we separated the Alphas from Omegas,” Yu continues. “Then, we thought the best way to find Nash and Braithsworth was to sort the patient files by occupation. Even if Fenway gave them pseudonyms we assume he didn’t bother to invent their listed occupations.“
Simon Whitewell falls limp against Sherlock's arms. For a second Sherlock thinks he’s miscalculated his own strength, but then Simon Whitewell is glancing down at the consulting detective with bright, green eyes, not a trace of his previous inebriation.
“Sherlock, maybe you should sit down, do I need to-”
He freezes.
“When my colleagues and friends read that book, they will realize that David is me.”
“This is about you and me. I thought we could have fun with our game. Trying to figure each other out, trying to see who would be the cleverest.” Moriarty shifts his position, the hand holding the gun rising towards Sherlock’s chest. “I didn’t really think you’d fall for this scheme…” he waves his other hand towards the doorway in a way that is probably meant to convey John Watson.
John lifts hand to his forehead and it comes away, sticky and red with blood. His vision dances in a sickening array of colors, he sees legs, he hears the footstep of people running, the sound of screaming, crying, sees Sherlock lying on his side, a large pool of blood spreading slowly across the pavement. For a moment, he’s not sure where he is and what happened- and then reality hits him with dizzying speed.
Sherlock doesn't answer. He doesn't want to put words to the fission of apprehension that’s lurking in the back of his mind. He’s uncertain for the first time in many years. The more facts he uncovers, the more evident it becomes that this a tangled web and that Fenway’s murder and John’s kidnapping  isn’t the end game.
They make their way to the children’s playground at Paddington Street Gardens, abandoned at this hour. Sam and Toby investigate the gazebo before tackling the swings, Sam content with pushing the seat back and forth instead of actually sitting on it. John watches, hands in his pocket and back bracketed against the cold wind, aware of the bodyguard’s keen gaze on them. Around ten, the sky still hasn’t brightened and a nasty, eastern wind brings with it the first drops of rain.
Paradise Gardens. It had to be a coincidence. “Meet you there in an hour?”
“Now, listen…” John starts calmly.
“He can be a little shy,” John explains, grinning a bit. He looks embarrassed, as if his child misbehaving reflects badly on him. Their child. Bloody hell.
John turns the question around in his head, trying to skip ahead of an answer that doesn’t include Myrrh being a nice perfume to put on dead bodies to make them smell nice, and as a gift, it symbolized Jesus’s impending death.
That cannot be it, it’s not very interesting.
“Demanding change through violence isn’t a good precedent to set,” John murmurs.
John doesn't know anybody else who can claim a familiarity with kidnapping and being held hostage. Glen Reese is probably going to be more of a burden than an aid in his escape plan.
John fights a losing war with his head and feels his final qualms  die as Sherlock returns his lips to John’s and carefully prods his mouth with his tongue.
It will be just fine.
“Doctor Watson, I hope I am not intruding?” Glen Reese looks hopefully over John’s shoulder and into the flat, and John wonders if he’s disappointed or relived to not find the Alpha at home.
“I think we ought to do the same to them. Not being able to control their desire to drink or do drugs, it’s a lot of hogwash,” yhe redhead responds. “I refuse to believe that Alphas cannot “control their urges.” That’s utter rubbish, I’ve been plenty mad at people, or lost my temper, but I don’t attack them. If they can’t control themselves, if they are just mindless animals that behave on instincts, then they have no place in civilized society. They should be locked up so the rest of us can be safe. We do the same with alcoholics and drug addicts that can't control themselves, don't we? Everybody agrees that's acceptable and the way I see it, people are finally starting to think that's the same way about Alphas." The redhead cants her head and continues. “When Alphas attack and molest children, the only thing the police will do is shake their heads and say “oh, well, Alphas will be Alphas. We can’t punish them for what’s in their nature. That's the dreadful thing!”
“He had plenty of opportunities to hide it before he continued his kidnapping charade,” Sherlock replies before Lestrade can finish his useless conjectures. “Or he could have hidden it there during one of his visits as Finkle’s patient.”
He extends a cup to Sherlock with one hand, in the other he holds a 92FS Beretta. Sherlock accepts the cup and takes a seat on the sofa. He takes a sip and then lifts the cup as if he’s toasting Moriarty’s superior tea-brewing skills.
“Not just those witless Alphas you had under your sway,” Sherlock adds, steepling his fingertips together. Might as well take the plunge,”Doctor Fenway too.”
Molly blinks at him.
He lets go of Mycroft’s arm, eyes narrowing as he studies this stranger who Mycroft’s suddenly become. He looks worried, tension riding along his body, like a loaded spring.
“Did the cat do something to you, John?” Sally calls out cheerfully.
“Is it your fault? Absolutely not.”
“What?” Glen Reese croaks. He jacks himself up in a sitting position.
, John confirms and thinks that it might be a testament to how much of the beverage he consumes that it was actually the first sign Sam learned.
“You will come to Christmas dinner of course,” Sherlock says so matter-of-factly you would think it was an honoured tradition. Mrs. Hudson stares at him. Blinks.
“Who?”
Only Charels Waxfield had given any sort of description of the suspect beyond a vague, dark shape. Even Glen Reese, who John knew had keen eyes, even in the dark, had not seen anything. So how did Charles Waxfield manage to give a description of the man´s eye color?
He sits slumped in the chair, blinking blearily into a paper cup of cooling coffee that his defense attorney has bought in an attempt to sober him up.
There´s a solemn silence in the room for a while, John struggles to find the appropriate words to fill it with. He doesn’t manage to.
They pass Green Park tube station. It is packed with people milling around at the entranceway despite the officers attempts to get them to move out and to let people out off the station. John remembers one time when he was eight years old and the tube lines had closed due to an accident. He had been standing on the escalators, holding Harriet and his dad’s hand when the news crackled through the speakers. Within seconds, the underground was teeming with people trying to find alternate means of transport. The air had been stifling with irritated curses and for fifteen terrifying minutes he had lost the grip on his father’s hand and Harriet’s, leaving him separated from anyone he knew. Some crowds have a vicious reptilian mind of their own, one he doesn’t want Sam to witness.
But Sherlock pierces him with sharp, cold look before he averts his gaze, his posture angry and taunt. John feels his heart sink and his desire falter. He realizes that Sherlock is only unconsciously responding to his pheromones; it’s his Alpha that is acting protective and dominate, not Sherlock.
“Then why did you decide to move now? Is there any indication that-” he doesn't quite know how to finish the sentence. What is he supposed to ask? If he’s next on the list? If Moran or Moriarty been spotted in Scotland?
The next day, all hell breaks loose.
“Right,”  DI Lestrade shuffles through a couple of folders, before handing Ms. Finkle a folder. She secures it in her briefcase and then turns her full attention to John. Her thin smile doesn’t reach her eyes.
John had only once attempted to broach the subject of the necessity for such expensive clothes for a child who would outgrow them in a month or two. It hadn’t really been a discussion as much as a slight whitening of the lips and one leg crossed over the other and then Mycroft had given his newspaper a firm shake. John had figured that as long as Sam was comfortable and happy, he wouldn’t think too hard about his expensive shoes getting wet and dirty.
“Ma’am?”
“So, you’re thinking they were someplace they didn’t feel threatened?” Lestrade looks skeptical, but he cannot deny that the massive gap in the timeline is bothering him.
John´s chokes on his own breath as he feels the slick slide of a tongue running along his trembling pulse and darting into his ears.
Yu Kosaki has worked for the Metropolitan Police Cyber Crime Unit for a little over two years and until now her job has never required her to leave the safety of her desk. Today she finds herself in DI Lestrade’s office, palms pressed together and fighting the urge to cast her gaze to the floor.
He reaches terrified that his hand will tremble, it doesn't of course. He’s a professional. He touches the pale, cold, skin beneath Sherlock’s jaw, no pulse.
John nods, “a smartphone, the screen cracked when he fell, but-”
John struggles his way to consciousness, Sherlock’s blurry face in standing over him with his hands on his shoulders. Before John can dredge through his sleep-addled mind to formulate a response, Sherlock’s gently pulls him up from Sam’s bed. John’s back aches in protest, but he’s far too tired to care and he lets Sherlock lead him through the apartment and to his, their, bedroom. He unbuttons John’s cardigan and pulls it off him. He eases his shoes off as well before urging him onto the bed. John goes without protest, closing his eyes as soon as his head hits the pillow, the sheets cool and crisp against his skin. He half awakes a few seconds later when the bed dips. John lies still and listens to Sherlock’s breath. John’s hand finds his across the covers and squeezes. A beat later he feels the coarse fabric of the cast against his arm, and in the next Sherlock pulls him against his side and John lets himself sink into the feeling of Sherlock’s breath against the back of his neck. The even rhythm eases him into sleep, even if he thinks he misses Sherlock’s words to him, drifting on the tide of consciousness.
“Don’t worry,” he promises.
: A brief discussion that hints at a past rape (though not in relation to the main pairing). It is not graphic or explicit.
And if anything happens to Sherlock, John knows it will kill him.
“Oh,” is all Sherlock manages to say.
"Why are you so set on a career in the military, mister Watson?"
This realization had required four nicotine patches to analyze because he’s unfamiliar with emotional epiphanies concerning other people. (Aside for the one where he worked out that he wanted as little as possible to do with Mycroft, but certainly that was only common sense. An imbecile would have come to the same conclusion.)
Sherlock remains silent, prompting Lestrade to add.
“I’m fine” He tilts his head in an aborted nod. “It’s nice to see you, how have you been?”
. Blood seeps from his fingers and John cannot help but be utterly satisfied by the look of surprise that crosses Sherlock’s face because the detective did not predict John’s reaction to be -this-
John tries to imagine Lestrade’s face at Sherlock turning down the news that might give them a proper break in the case for once, in order to stay home and do something as normal as having breakfast.
His protest dies on his lips as he sees the tall bloke from earlier. Where his eyes had been small and steely before, they are now wide, dark, stormy clouds.
“There was a research assistant outside, send him in,” DI Dregs calls and one of the crime scene technicians opens the door and the grad student stumbles into the office.  He’s a slender young man with brown hair carefully groomed away from his face and a patchy beard that John thinks he’s been growing in an attempt to look older. He suspects he’s wearing the wire-rimmed glasses for the same reason.  He’s holding a tablet and his green eyes immediately lock on Doctor Fenway’s corpse.
"Well, yes-" And it is true, John has shared bunks with Alphas and even one of his commanders had been an Alpha. None of them had ever indicated that they suspected John was an Omega and John had learned to remain indifferent to their idiosyncrasies.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade calls, dragging him out of his deductions. “We got Simon Whitewell, he was passed out in a public men's room in Brenton. They are bringing him to the Yard.”
"Everyone´s equal to the law. Alphas and Omegas are people like you and me."
“Ah, sleeping beauty awakes.” There’s a teasing undercurrent to Lestrade’s voice that does little to mask his concern. Sherlock blinks the room into clarity and takes stock of Lestrade’s tense posture, the whatever-o’clock shadow dusting his jaw and the rumpled lapels of his shirt where he has tugged at his tie. A press conference then, one that hadn’t gone well.
