“Before that?”
A whimper escaped from Sherlock’s lips, the hot-fast-tingling pleasure becoming too much to bear. “John! God, oh god, John!” he moaned. He couldn’t stop making noise of he tried, little whines coming from his throat with every snap of his hips.
He gave Sherlock the ice pack and walked to the dresser.
Bile sloshed around John’s stomach at the image of frantic, high Sherlock sobbing on this very bed. “You think?”
“I...don’t think I’m ready to go home yet,” John said to her. “I need time to think. I need to walk around a bit, I think, to clear my head.”
“What?” Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at him.
Sometimes Sherlock wished Mrs. Hudson weren’t so clever. He didn’t say anything.
Fear coursed through his veins and Sherlock’s fight or flight instinct kicked in. Against all rationality, he tried moving again, falling onto his side and trying to wiggle away.
But he knew by now that when Sherlock didn’t want to talk about something, there was no use in trying. Later, he would bring it up. “Is she?”
“What do you mean?” John asked, a feeling of uneasiness descending upon him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock walked to the other side of the bed, his bare feet padding softly on the carpet, but he didn’t get in bed. “No, you weren’t.”
“Then what is it?” Sherlock asked, sounding a little bored, eyes closing lazily. “Are you getting stir crazy? Lack of cases driving you mad? I’d be the same, if I weren’t half high all of the time.”
Sherlock stared at him, and his shoulders slumped. “I’m being selfish again. You did lose me, or at least you thought you did. You’ve always been braver than I am.”
"Then why doesn't he just talk to me?"
“No, it’s from something else,” Sherlock said, monotone. “I’m going to put this back,” he held up the washcloth. “Be right back.” He pulled the dressing gown around himself and got up from the coffee table, walking to the bathroom where their laundry basket was.
Sherlock’s eyes bore into him for a long moment. He was breathing out of his mouth again, looking sick. “I was lying,” he blurted out. “Your misunderstanding of me and Irene hurt so much that I lied to you. I snapped, but I didn’t mean it. I said it all because I thought you didn’t feel any of this,” he held up the letter. “It was so much easier to tell you I felt nothing at all than to have let you know the truth, when I thought you wanted me to be with Irene for completely different reasons.”
It hurt. Sherlock couldn’t help but remember after Mary died--no, no, stop it. That reality is gone now.
He lowered his hand, taking John’s with him. “I’m sorry--”
John sighed. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you. You’re not an easy prize to win.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. “I see.” He looked like he didn’t know what to do with the gun, and he walked into the kitchen and placed it on the counter.
The ride back to Baker Street was spent in silence, and the journey up the stairs to their flat was an unpleasant endeavor. John had his arm firmly around Sherlock’s waist, guiding him up the steps.
Then, Sherlock looked away again, lips pursing. “All right, so perhaps I wanted to ensure there was no way anyone could discover I was alive--”
“John,” Sherlock swatted his arm, feeling really embarrassed now, but in the best way possible. He grabbed John by the forearms and pulled him back down into a hug, feeling overwhelmed.
A part of John felt fond, because that was his Sherlock, but his heart sank, too. Maybe he really wasn’t interested in John that way.
John took a deep breath. He needed to adjust to being in this world, or else everyone would think he lost his mind.
Basically, if you need some s4 fix-its, I got you :)
“No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John gently lowered his shaking legs onto the sofa cushions. He was rock hard, but he pushed it aside for a moment. “Sherlock?” John cleared his throat, and wiped the excess saliva from his mouth. “Sherlock, you okay?”
Something about that struck him funny, so John snorted suddenly.
She laughed. She
“So he got away with it?” John asked tightly.
John wanted to grab her by the collar, if it hadn’t been for the bars. “You won’t take responsibility for your actions.” The anger was rushing through his veins. “You think you’re right, and you always will. Sherlock got in your way, in your mind, and that was enough to put a bullet through him.”
Sherlock’s attention went back to him. “Were you jealous of that thought?”
“Had you ever been tickled before?”
“I won’t even ask how you knew that, but yeah. Let’s talk in the bedroom.”
John’s eyes went over his face as if he were trying to deduce him. After a few seconds, the concern in his eyes dissipated. “All right. Good.” He licked his lips, arms wrapping around Sherlock’s neck. “I really wanna kiss you now,” he said in a husky voice.
felt that way. Just last night! I told you to go with the bloody Woman, and you didn’t say a thing!”
John gave his bum a pat and went into the bathroom.
“That makes sense,” Sherlock concluded, the suspicion in his gaze diminishing. His face turned slightly abashed. “I never meant to cause you so much stress.”
Sherlock swallowed, and it was audible in the silent sitting room. “Besides, look at what you just did for me. You’ve patched me up two nights in a row. That matters more than your dream.”
John wrapped his arms around his waist. “Yes?”
Sherlock inhaled slowly, breathing through the tightness in his chest. He couldn’t break in front of them.
John’s vision was still a little blurry, but he could see the guilt on Sherlock’s face. God, he hadn’t even blamed the bonfire incident on Sherlock in his original timeline. Did Sherlock blame himself then, too? And yet, in the original timeline, John had not forgiven him for anything yet, so he must have felt even worse.
“Dunno. Just didn’t think I ever would.”
John licked his lips, chucking lowly. “Is it? Then I should tell you more often.” He lifted his free hand and stroked Sherlock’s lower lip with the pad of his thumb. “You’re breathtaking right now.”
And the conversation was over for now.
Mary’s eyes locked with his. “John.”
Mycroft flashed him a small smile. “Good.” He left without another word.
“That doesn’t bloody excuse it!” he exploded. Then he cursed under his breath and shook his head. “I need to stop shouting.”
But she was supposed to be dead! He saw her die. He put his fingers in her bleeding bullet wound. But John immediately recognized her lavender dress, and he knew where he was: The Landmark. He was at The Landmark, and this was the night he was supposed to propose to Mary. Ignoring her question, his hand darted to his trousers pocket, and sure enough, he felt the hard outline of the jewelry box. John let out a shuddering breath, looking down at the table, his breathing turning fast and shallow.
though. A strong wave of nausea rolled through his stomach and he jumped up from the bed, running into the bathroom, but only gave a couple dry heaves into the sink before the feeling subsided.
“All the time,” he said softly, his voice smooth and happy.
“Among other things.”
and he couldn’t say she was wrong.
She liked this. She knew what seeing them like that did to him. She was calling to rub it in. She was happy to be in the position he so very much wanted to be in. She felt victorious. Sherlock felt mortified. He needed to say something, or else his silence would be a confirmation. “You don’t know everything, Mary, and you don’t know me.”
“Get out!” he nearly barked, heart aching. “You think I'm incapable of feeling? Fine. Leave.”
“Okay,” he said. “I feel a little weak when I walk, but that’ll probably go away in the next day or two.” He did look better than yesterday. The color had returned to his face and his eyes were more alert.
“Back when we first lived together? Why do you say that?”
And then, Sherlock was too uncomfortable, and John was too close, too gorgeous in the sunlight, and it was too much, everything too close to the surface, so he said, “You don’t have the right to know every miniscule detail in my life, John. I’m entitled to keep things to myself.”
He had no fucking idea what happened! He had to be dreaming. He pinched the back of his hand hard, felt pain, but remained exactly where he was. He pinched himself again, but nothing happened. Being able to feel pain meant it was real, right? He had countless dreams before, and bloody nightmares, and he never felt pain in any of them. This had to be real. But it was impossible. Did he finally go insane? Did years of misery finally tear his mind apart? That had to be it. He was probably in a mental hospital somewhere, locked in a padded cell with a straitjacket. He had to be utterly mad.
The things Sherlock would do for him. “That sounds good, yeah. Thank you.”
“Yes.” To change the subject, he addressed the other memory. “The other portion of your dream was a memory, as well. It was back in 2014--I killed Magnussen Christmas Day 2015, by the w--”
“I know you do,” John said sympathetically, patting him on the shoulder, feeling the need to give Sherlock comforting touches to replace the violent blows from before.
“Hey,” John’s arms tightened around him, “no more beating ourselves up, remember? I know you didn’t want to upset me. I think, and correct me if I’m wrong, you genuinely didn’t know how much you meant to me.”
“Yeah, well,” he cleared his throat, “Sherlock and I are together now, so.”
“Yes,” Sherlock grumbled.
Mycroft had the decency to look contrite. “Apologies,” he muttered, eyes flickering down for a moment. “How is he?”
But that didn’t satisfy John. His mouth twisted unhappily. “Sherlock, if there was ever a time when you think I didn’t want you, or thought little of you, you’re wrong. I know I fucked up and insulted you, and I’ve said too many unkind things to you in the past, and I’m really sorry for that, but I’ve
Sherlock pouted. “Rude.”
Sherlock promptly left the bedroom.
“You can come in,” Lestrade said awkwardly to Mycroft.
John didn’t get it. “What?”
Sherlock went into his arms willingly, but shyly, his hands curled over John’s chest. He took a deep breath, which turned into a deep, soft chuckle. “We really didn’t last long, did we?”
“What?” he asked.
He set her down on her changing table. “You’re going to have a party today. You’ve never had a party before.” He took off her wet nappy and thought about it. “Well. There was a small celebration when you were born, and your christening. But, um, let’s not think about that now.” He threw the nappy in the bin and put a clean one on her, pulling down her green pajama shirt. “There, that’s better. I’ll wash my hands and give you breakfast, okay?” He did just that, and sat Rosie down in her height chair and laid out cereal in front of her while he ate a piece of toast. He watched her pick up the bits of cereal and feed herself. It was amazing how much a year meant in terms of development. She was still clumsy with utensils, but she wasn’t completely helpless anymore, and could even stand, as long as she could lean against a piece of furniture for support.
“Oh, I’m so relieved,” he tried to sound sarcastic, but his voice shook. He swallowed. “So, um, you saved her?”
“You don’t have to be,” Sherlock mumbled. “You loved her. At one point, at least,” he amended.
“Oh, trust me, you do. It’s like a bloody steam engine.”
When he left the loo, John was locking the bedroom door. “In case Mrs. Hudson decides to barge in,” he explained.
Sherlock looked up. “I genuinely don’t know,” he admitted. “If we were in a relationship, and then I faked my death, wouldn’t that have been worse?”
He opened both eyes, eyebrows furrowed. “That made you jump up?”
“I prefer my doctors clean shaven,” he said, memories of the early days after his return surfacing.
Sherlock’s lips were plump and his eyes were dark and dazed. “I know my limitations, and you know this is uncharted territory for me.”
The question took John by surprise. “What?” he asked, looking up. They were sitting in their respective chairs, Rosie having been put to bed two hours ago, with the television playing some nature documentary neither was really paying attention to.
Sherlock sighed harshly, angrily. “If I tell you, will you leave me alone?”
“Sorry, Rosie,” John said. He was then quiet for a couple minutes as he looked at the pictures, and Sherlock let him be. This felt somewhat normal; Sherlock was used to there being some tension between them, only to be lessened by Rosie’s presence.
“Yeah, I got up hours ago with Rosie. You slept right through her crying on the baby monitor.”
“I wasn’t going to take a panic attack,” he said, indignant.
a fucking idiot. “Shit, I’m sorry,” he hissed under his breath, trying to regain his composure. “Why do I keep doing this? I don’t want to.”
“Yes?” he tossed the towel into the laundry basket in the corner of the room, bracing himself for whatever question was about to be thrown at him.
Sherlock flashed her a grin. “Of course.”
“Mhm.”
“‘Extended physical contact’?” Sherlock dropped his hand. “Now I prefer the gushing emails to your exes.”
Rosie hugged around his neck, and John gave Sherlock a lost expression.
Sherlock grumbled and hid his face in his shoulder.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to make of this. “I feel more like myself,” he smiled briefly.
“What time is it?”
. He was already sweating from nerves--sure to be a turn off. He had applied deodorant, of course, but he grabbed John’s cologne from the dresser and gave himself a quick squirt. He normally didn’t wear cologne, but better safe than sorry. What was he
Sherlock’s muscles stiffened beneath his hand. He turned his head to look at John. “I’m clean. You know I am.”
“What is it?”
“Even so,” he pressed on through unshed tears, “Smith taunted you. He asked how it felt when I,” his voice cracked. He cleared his throat, his hand not gripping the chair gesturing towards Sherlock. “When I hit you.” His jaw visibly clenched.
His expression crumpled. “In every way, I mean. You,” his eyes welled with tears, “you felt that miserable over me? Were you--Sherlock, did you actually want to die?” he choked out.
A couple days later, Sherlock was walking home from getting the shopping (well, getting condoms and biscuits, but he thought that counted) when he heard a
Mycroft let out a long, suffering sigh. “If she cooperates, we’ll be able to lock her up for a long time with no chance of getting out. Come to your senses.”
He grasped John’s forearms, but didn’t have the courage to put John’s arms back around him, so he stood there, mute and foolish.
He hesitated. He wanted to ask if everything was okay, but he decided to do that in person, and sent the message as it was.
This was making less sense by the second, and Sherlock’s heart was beating fast. “She told you?” Suddenly, Sherlock felt something small but sharp jab the side of his neck, and he dropped the plastic bag.
John bit his lip. “It’s not why she’s here, but...I really have no fucking idea.”
fucking sorry for that day in the morgue. I went way too far, further than what’s in any way acceptable, and…” He trailed off, feeling his throat grow tight. “I’m sorry for ever making you feel like you and your pain didn’t matter.”
Thank you so much for the kudos! I'm glad you all like this story. It's fun to write.
“Hey, look,” John pointed at the television, smirking, “it’s a man who’s a master at his craft yelling at people for being incompetent; it’s right up your alley!”
you.” The words were unsteady on his lips.
He always had a sweetness to him that made John’s heart clench. It was true. Sherlock loved him. He felt
“Where’d you get the balloons?”
John lowered his voice. “I really don’t know why you’ve forgiven me,” he admitted, “but I needed you to know I completely regret it, and that I forgive you for everything you think I’d be angry with you for, before we could go further.”
Sherlock rubbed his jaw, gaze somewhere else in the room. He swallowed, the corners of his mouth tight. “The only people I kissed before were for cases, and it was brief.”
“There is no right way,” he said sternly. “None. The only wrong way to do sex is if one or both of us winds up unhappy.” His eyes held heart wrenching tenderness. “I want to make you feel good because I love you, Sherlock. Let’s work together and see what works, yeah?”
“I…” John’s heart was thumping hard. “I still don’t understand, Sherlock.”
“No,” Sherlock said, putting his left leg on the next step. “I want to shower.”
“Can I ask why? She hurt you.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock lifted his face.
Sherlock felt guilty. John was right. He couldn’t keep hiding things now that they were in a relationship. “Sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong. I have an uneasy feeling that refuses to go away.”
“Well, do you?” he asked softly.
“You want me to be honest with you?” he asked.
“Okay. Sherlock?”
John had gone away for a couple days for some boring medical conference he had to attend from time to time, and just as Sherlock was thinking of a way to break the news to him gently, Mary had, apparently, tearfully told John the “bad news” over the phone.
There was a tug at John’s heart. He couldn’t tell if Sherlock was upset because they wouldn’t be able to see each other as often, or because he wouldn’t be able to see Rosie as much. John hoped it was both. He hoped he wasn’t the only one who truly wanted to stay in this flat together as much as possible. “I can bring her over on the weekends,” he said, smiling a little. “You’ll still see her. I won’t work and she won’t have daycare then.”
Why could he never voice his thoughts? Why did he always have to run away?
John looked through the box, “Lestrade’s is here, Molly’s…” His hand stopped when he saw the single red rose, and the card that had come with it was now tied to the stem. Damn. He’d forgotten about that.
Sherlock sighed through his nose. “Since when were you able to read me so well?”
“Come down here.”
But that only upset John more, and there was no way in hell he was going to cry in front of Mycroft, so he shut his mouth.
John realized his own stubbornness and stupidity must have hurt the other Mrs. Hudson then, too. Was there anyone he didn’t hurt?
John was nuzzling his nose into his hair, torn between smiling with glee and tearing up over Sherlock’s tender words. “Take as long as you need,” he whispered hoarsely. “I’ll always be right here.”
Sherlock smiled against his skin “I would be insulted if you didn’t.”
“Yes,” he said seriously, stroking Sherlock’s cheek with his knuckles.
“I supported you through all of that, and now you’re tossing me aside!” she waved her hand.
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh. “John, I was there. You were just as ready to pass out as I was. A client came by and we both fell asleep on the sofa during her story.”
John did, puzzled.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “That’s what concerns you?”
Mary and Rosie had been his old one. Sherlock held her closer.
John remembered. Janine was never Mary’s bridesmaid, so maybe they hadn’t had time to become friends in this world.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to the page.
“I am,” he said gravely.
“Not important,” Sherlock dismissed, glancing at John nervously.
“That’s the most complicated way of saying d-i-c-k I’ve ever heard.”
Sherlock hoped his face didn’t look as red as it felt.
wasn’t good.”
That night, after his (admittedly few) belongings were in boxes in his bedroom, John showered and, more importantly, finally shaved the bloody moustache off. When he rinsed the last of the shaving cream off his face, he looked in the mirror, and felt a little more like himself. He shut off the light and left the loo. He couldn’t help but wonder if Mary’s past would catch up with her like it did last time. Sure, she wouldn’t jump in front of a bullet for Sherlock this time, but Ajay might come after her.
“I’m here,” John said shakily.
Sherlock nodded silently, the furious blush on his face staying firmly in place.
“He’s been through a lot,” Sherlock said, his low voice almost too quiet to hear.
“Oh, I don’t mind,” she smiled.
“It was just a handjob--”
A whistle made him turn around.
“When did you come back?” He sounded disgusted.
Sherlock stood there, alone on the sidewalk, and aware that he made things significantly worse in a matter of five minutes. His hopes of proving to John that he could be in a relationship were crushed. He seriously didn’t know what to do now. John was angry with him, and Sherlock found himself angry, too. He wasn’t this morning, but then this happened. He hated feeling so much in such a short amount of time. It was exhausting. His thoughts were threatening to overwhelm him in public, so he decided to lock them away until he got back into the safety of 221B. He decided to walk home. That would take much longer than hailing a cab or taking the tube, but it wasn’t like he had anything to do now, anyway. The case was solved. He would text Lestrade later in the day. He didn’t have anyone to go home to.
“I wish you hadn’t,” he muttered, looking down at his lap.
She sighed. “I was distressed.” Fire came back into her eyes. “You broke my heart, John Watson.”
“And I don’t understand why you’re not letting me sleep, doctor,” Sherlock said without opening his eyes.
“Sometime soon, I don’t know. I don’t have concrete plans yet. I was out of work for a while because, you know,” he said awkwardly. He didn’t like talking about Mary with Sherlock. He cleared his throat, “So, erm, I have to open up my practice again. That’ll be a process, but it’s for the best.”
“Want me to touch you?” John asked, pressing a soft kiss to his cheek. “You can start touching whenever you feel like, okay? I just really want to touch you. Please.”
“I did what had to be done,” he insisted. He pursed his lips, and then sighed. “Although, I must concede his temperament improved significantly once he formed a bond with you. There, satisfied?”
Their eyes met, and Sherlock saw his discomfort. “With all due respect Mary, I don’t believe you’ll be able to carry John,” he said politely. “Perhaps John should stay here until he is mobile.”
“Oh,” Sherlock looked relieved, “then that’s settled. Pass me your phone.”
“I’m alive,” Sherlock said softly, putting his arm around John. “I’m here. I won’t leave you again.”
“You wouldn’t dream of it,” John dismissed. “And, I am feeling better than earlier. Thanks for being patient. I know that trait doesn’t come easily to you.”
“Even if I beat you?” John blurted out, and saying this was a sharp kick to his own heart.
He smiled weakly. “And I always thought of you.”
Sherlock turned his face, lifting his arm and lowering it onto the mattress.  His lip was wobbling, a terrifying rawness in his eyes.
“Hello,” John said politely.
They get it ON
Her lips curled in disgust. “And where will you live? It’s
Mycroft pursed his lips. “I was in the neighborhood.”
John giggled joyfully behind him. “I’m flattered, you know.”
his mind supplied, and Sherlock held back a wince. He had to stop thinking that. He had work to do. He couldn’t get distracted. He couldn’t think of John now.
Rosie’s eyes landed on him. “Da!” she exclaimed, kicking her feet. “Da da da da da da!”
Sherlock must have barely been conscious, because he put his hand under his chin and sniffed, not responding or opening his eyes.
John looked at Rosie. “I can finish feeding her.”
Mrs. Hudson’s smile was small, but sincere. “You know, Sherlock, a few years ago, I’m not sure if you would have asked that question,” she said quietly.
“Want me to get a flannel?”
“It was just you,” John shrugged at him, despite Sherlock’s closed eyes. “You were in the sitting room alone, and it was quiet. You looked upset.”
“I know you are.” He didn’t like how distressed Sherlock’s facial expression was. “I’ve seen the softer side of you, I know it exists. You’ve got a sweetness to you.” His face was burning.
Sherlock lifted his hands, hesitated, and carefully placed them on John’s shoulders, looking him in the eye. “You were not yourself in the morgue,” he said seriously. “You were not. I was not. We were at our respective worsts, John. My worst was being completely off my tits on drugs. Your worst was letting your anger take control. No one should be judged by their actions when at their worst.”
Mary never complimented him like this. Ever. She said he was sexy sometimes, but this was compliment was out of pure affection. John lowered his hands, not sure how to respond.
. How could you? And how could you claim you loved me? None of what you
John shook his head, rubbing his eyes with his hands, which were now bare, Sherlock saw.
John stood up straight, Sherlock’s hands falling back to his sides, and stared at him with dark, piercing eyes. He licked his lips, hair sticking up. “God, I didn’t even do much, but look at you.”
Suddenly, the image of their first night on a case flashed behind John’s eyes: Sherlock so young, no lines on his face yet, gently but firmly saying,
He wanted this forever. The phantom sensation of the barrel of Mary’s gun against his forehead made his pulse spike. What if he really couldn’t have this? What if Mary ended things before he even had a chance to reveal himself to John?
“John,” he scolded, “don’t use such language in front of Rosie.”
Sherlock sat up. “I’ll see what she wants.”
Lestrade’s folder filled with cold case files kept Sherlock thoroughly occupied for the next three days, his mind even sharper once his morphine dosage was lowered. He wasn’t falling asleep nearly every time he sat down anymore, and although he wanted to back to running around London, he was in a significantly better mood from getting to work at all. John was glad for Sherlock’s sake, mostly, but also because he spent less time focusing on John when he was working. John was tired. He kept having those weird, uneventful but off-putting dreams. They were all generally the same, but it was really starting to be unnerving. He didn’t want to bother Sherlock with it, and was glad he hadn’t noticed his recent fatigue.
John knew.
Sherlock’s breath hitched, and he didn’t really know what to do with his hands, so he held onto John’s shoulders. He liked doing that; John’s shoulders were broad and strong, and grabbing them kept Sherlock tethered to the earth and out of his own head. He looked down at his cock in John’s hand and watched it get harder, caught between feeling bashful and aroused.
This...was not an explicitly negative reaction. “Yes?”
John’s eyes shot open, gasping. It was dark, well past midnight. Sherlock’s arm was thrown over his chest, his soft snoring rumbling in John’s ear.
John bit the bullet and looked at Sherlock.
John came upstairs and entered the flat, dressed in jeans and a blue jumper, and Sherlock’s mind immediately jumped to the image of him being naked. Sherlock had to stop himself from gasping. John hadn’t even been in the flat for five seconds, and this was already a bad idea. Sherlock sat up and crossed his legs in case his body decided to be even more traitorous.
Sherlock’s lips snapped closed. He knew John wasn’t okay yet. Sherlock knew that he loved it when John held him. Maybe John needed to be held? Sherlock extended his arms.
“No,” he said weakly.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow a little, but yawned. “I may have been afraid to act upon my feelings, but I did think about kissing you. I never pictured it like this.”
“You are,” he said, glancing down at his straining erection, and the sight made his jaw drop. God, he didn’t think he had ever been that hard in his life. His eyes flickered up to John’s. “John, can we go on?”
And Sherlock believed that he did know. He took deep, steadying breaths, focusing on John’s strong arms around him and the sensation of their heartbeats hammering in sync, and the gradual slowing down of their pulses. His thoughts started to come back to him, and he felt a pang of regret. When he allowed himself to imagine having sex with John, he didn’t think he would get so overwhelmed, and he thought he would have been a more attentive lover. He wanted to touch John until he drove him crazy, worshipping his body and making him feel loved. He failed on that part.
Sherlock stiffened and John growled,
“John…” A tear gathered at the corner of his eye, and ran down the side of his face.
John’s lip twitched, feeling his expression darken.
John felt like he would have to help Sherlock a bit in this conversation. This wasn’t easy for either of them, and he wanted to get to the bottom of this. “Why did you never want any of it? How’d you put it, ‘romantic entanglement’? But, you said you’d want someone, just not someone like you. So, why did you never want to find the type of person you’d want?”
John sniffed. “You’re not wrong,” he muttered. “She lied and lied and lied and was never sorry for it, and I put you through so much shit because of her.”
John was silent.
John laughed. “Sherlock, she cares for you.”
Sherlock wiped himself off gingerly and threw it over his shoulder.
Sherlock nodded, placing his hand on John’s cheek and going in. His lips were pedal soft, and John never kissed someone physically larger than he was before, and he found himself suppressing a shiver from Sherlock’s large, warm palm on his face. There was a lingering trace of a venomous voice in his head hissing that this was emasculating, but fuck it, he was done with trying to be the man society wanted him to and--he was still a bloody man, for Christ’s sake. This was who he always was.
John kept his head turned. “You, during our first time. That must’ve been a sight.”
. “It’s hard to say since I was in denial for a long time.” That wasn’t a lie. He knew he had romantic feelings for John since early in their relationship, but he kept denying the extent until he watched John dance with Mary at the reception, and he was more alone than he had ever been in a crowded room. “I didn’t think you would return my sentiment, especially after Moriarty.”
Sherlock kissed the side of his neck and breathed a long, deep, relaxed sigh.
“I should put your morphine back up--”
“I just stopped,” he said roughly.
you.” Honestly!
(See the end of the chapter for
He lifted his face with a look that wracked John’s heart. “I think you should leave now, John,” he said quietly.
He was glad their hug hid his face. “I dreamt someone captured me,” he said hoarsely, “and sh--they shot me in the forehead.”
John sighed again, cursing himself, and went inside.
“Why can’t you?”
“We really do.”
“What are you planning to do about your old flat?” Sherlock asked.
Yeah, I don't want to make John just completely move on and forget about Rosie because I feel like that would be unrealistic, but he's not going to be totally hung up on her in every chapter.
That somehow made Sherlock feel worse. If he had been ready back then, they could have--no. John said to stop beating himself up. This was their reality, and he had to live with it. “Oh.”
When he got back into the flat, he shrugged off his coat and scarf with trembling fingers and slumped against the door, legs close to giving out. He felt absolutely nauseated. He felt shaken. He...he forgot about Lestrade.
John mentally slapped away the thought. He was a mess this morning. “Show me the picture of the body again.”
“It is a big piece of fruit for a one year-old,” John said, standing up. “Rosie, how ‘bout you watch
Sherlock made an annoyed, unintelligible grumble, and John went to bed, feeling better about today than he did in the morning.
“Probably,” John smirked, “it would be a bit of a shock if I knocked on her door like this.”
John removed his wrist from Sherlock’s hand, and wanted to scream. “That’s fucking bollocks, Sherlock. It was terrible--a terrible dream--and it was over fucking Mary, of all people.”
A sharp shiver rippled down Sherlock’s spine and he felt John hold him tighter. The nausea went away but now his heart was beating violently, and those four words broke him. The last of his resolve cracked and shattered, and he started weeping in John’s arms. Could it actually be true?
He wanted to check in, though. “You good?” John rasped. He cleared his throat. “You all right?”
“Tell me what she did to you,” John said quietly, but intently. “I want to know it all.”
“You like to touch, hm?” John felt like a big cat.
When Sherlock got in, he got Rosie from Mrs. Hudson and put her to bed since she already had her dinner and bath. He set her down in the cot he had taken from John’s flat, shushing her whines. Once she was asleep, he sighed deeply and rubbed his eyes, exhausted in every way. What was he thinking? He was in a right mess now, but he had to make it work, at least as long as possible. He had to get rid of all evidence of Mary. The biggest obstacle to that was Rosie, but he supposed he could tell John they just adopted her shortly after she was born. Should he lie and say Mary was their surrogate, and they used John’s sperm, so that he knew he was Rosie’s biological father? Sherlock frowned. A sign of a lie was too many details. Besides, he worried that if Mary were mentioned at all, or if John saw any photos of her, that his memory would return.
He pouted. “It was worth a shot.”
“Before
“I know. I don’t think there’s a way to stop it, but I just needed to talk to someone about it.”
Mary huffed, looking mildly annoyed, then pursed her lips. She still didn’t apologize to John.
John shot up with a gasp, hand on his chest, eyes opening and meeting the darkness of the room. The dream shouldn’t have been disturbing, but it was. Something about it was weighing down John’s heart and wrapping a shiver around his spine like a vine.
John disliked the Woman even more. Sherlock trusted her, which was a rare occurrence, and she was more than willing to throw him under the bus for her own personal gain. Sherlock may have betrayed his trust with the Fall, but at least he had reasons, no matter how much John would have preferred to work together with him.
“If you would.”
, John,” he admitted, reminiscent of the night in front of the fireplace at Baskerville, only with terrifying rawness. Sherlock’s breath hitched, and he dropped his hands and brought them to his own face, breaking down into bitter tears. “I want to stop being afraid,” he wept into his hands, anguished whimpers growing into harsh sobs.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed. “And I see you’ve come to your senses.”
“Ah, gotcha.”
John could have sworn he felt the blood stop in his veins. Did the bloody Woman know he was feeling upset this morning? Was she out to torment him?
John rolled his eyes upon thinking that he’d have to deal with that in bed every night, but his thoughts skidded to a halt. God, his tired brain was really getting ahead of itself, wasn’t it? He only broke up with Mary yesterday, and there was his stupid mind saying,
“John?” Sherlock asked.
John lifted his face and softly pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, and this time, he didn’t pull away. Sherlock’s lips were moist from licking them, and there was no move to deepen the kiss, no hints of tongue or any groping--just a warm pressing of lips, their deep breathing the only sound on the room. John wanted to tell Sherlock that he loved him, but thought it might have been too much for one night. This was a massive step for Sherlock, and even though John was starting to think he loved him, too, that didn’t mean saying it would be easy for him. John didn’t think he would wait too long to say it, but not tonight. This was all they needed right now.
John didn’t respond, and made his movements gentler.
“You feel tense.”
John only smirked a little. “Yeah, well, I haven’t left the hospital.”
John frowned deeply. “It is that, isn’t it?”
“Reading in on her sofa. She didn’t say a word the entire time, and you know what? Neither did I. I didn’t have anything to say to her.”
John took the phone away from his ear to briefly press the home button to check the time. It was 6:34. No wonder he still felt tired. He was grimacing. She was worried about him because he never came home? How about when she abandoned him and their baby to go off to god-knows where with nothing but a note left behind? But, no, this Mary didn’t do that. She had the potential to do it, though.
John’s heart clenched momentarily.
He heard someone knock on the door down below, footsteps, and then the voices of who he now recognized as Mr. and Mrs. Holmes.
The sharp pain poking his stomach rose to his chest. “I’ll see you soon, okay? Um, have fun.”
“You do,” Sherlock insisted, “and that’s okay. It’s only fair.” He closed his eyes and lifted his chin. “Do it.”
. He blinked his eyes open. His gaze was unfocused and glassy and his lips were parted, but then everything clicked. His eyes widened and his mouth snapped shut. He swallowed audibly, apprehension coloring his features. He lifted his head, looking around.
“I know, but you have swelling that needs to go down. I can try to make you warm under the covers, okay?”
“I knew of her,” Irene clarified. “Jim talked about the work she did.”
“I told her the game was over yesterday. I texted her. Then I became preoccupied and forgot about her.”
“I didn’t say you had to stop. Something on your mind?”
his mind screamed. If he hugged back, then that would be a sign of him being able to feel things. This could help him in the future. He needed to get over himself and reciprocate. He forced his arms to moved and he hugged John around the middle, and could have (but didn’t, thankfully) whimper at the foreign feeling of having his only love, solid and real, in his arms. He wanted to hold him closer, bring him to his chest and never let go. His heart thumped heavily, and he thought he could feel himself shaking more, but it wasn’t from his dream this time.
John shut the door behind him and leaned against it, note still in his hands, looking like he had seen a ghost.
And when Sherlock did return from the dead, John married someone else. He broke John’s heart. He
“Are you in love with him?” Culverton asked. “I wouldn't be surprised. I saw the way you were looking at him. It was quite sweet, really. Until you had a psychotic breakdown and he punched you in the face, that is.”
John’s eyes widened and he brought his hand up to touch that exact spot. He knew what Sherlock was talking about, then. “We didn’t--” He stopped.
To his surprise, Sherlock smiled and chuckled softly, wiping his tears away. “I know, John. I know.”
“I hope so.”
“Of course. We’re two very stubborn men.”
“Dr. Watson,” a reported called his name.
“How?” he asked without hesitation.
“Very good, Mr. Holmes,” Culverton nodded. “Very good.”
Sherlock rubbed his cheek against his chest. “Your skin feels good against mine,” he sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was a deer caught in headlights. He gulped, the color draining from his face. “I’m sorry,” he blurted out.
“Sherlock,” he said in surprise, eyebrows rising on his forehead, “what are you doing here?”
John’s hand tightened around his spoon for a moment. “I dunno. Finding out the woman who almost murdered you actually worked for the man who also tried to murder you might have been interesting.”
“You’re not,” Sherlock moved his head back. His eyes darted across John’s face.
“You’re fortunate I’m glad you’re feeling better, or else I would kick you out of bed.”
John went into his house, and Lestrade guided him over to the black leather sofa, muttering for him to sit down, and yes, he’d give him a bloody drink. True to his word, Lestrade was handing John a drink a minute later.
“Eat and stop worrying.”
Sherlock followed her down the hall, biting his lip. His hand hurt more than he thought it would.
John looked at him curiously. "Are you okay?"
of their lips, his eyes fierce. “Listen to me, Sherlock Holmes,” he said lowly, “I am a prick, a complete and utter prick, but I give you my word right here and right now: I will never leave you. Never. I love you, and want nothing more than to be with you. I was acting like a bloody tool, but all of that? It’ll never happen again. I’ll stay by your side, and never hurt you again. This is my vow to you.”
“That’s not a ‘no.’” But, as the prospect of drying Sherlock’s hair became clearer in John’s mind, he wondered if it were really a good idea to touch a naked Sherlock. Helping him around the flat was one thing, but…
John started eating. This all felt so domestic, unsettlingly so, considering what had happened yesterday. It was a nice distraction, sure, but it felt unnatural. He knew Sherlock was trying, though. John wanted to talk with him, but how could they talk about anything without bringing up the elephant in the room?
Sherlock looked at him. “I never told you about these; how do you know this was from a time we were apart?”
John kept kissing the corner of his mouth and face. “Hm? Can you what?”
That seemed to get to him a little, making Sherlock’s face crumble a little before he quickly composed himself. John was going to ask about it, but Sherlock started talking. “That’s the thing, John; they usually
John frowned at his reflection. Before he left, he put gel into his hair, swooping it off to the side more than usual, and put on a white dress shirt, tucked into his belt. He didn’t know why he felt the need to put a little extra effort into his appearance today. Okay, that was a lie. Maybe it was a subconscious thing as he was actually getting dressed, but here in the back of the cab, the truth was right in front of him. He thought that, well, Irene was probably going to be looking great, so why couldn’t he try to spruce himself up a bit? He had the right to look nice.
He followed the doctor back to John’s room. When they entered, John was rubbing his suspiciously wet eyes. Sherlock listened in the corner of the room as the doctor calmly explained to a fuming John that he had been in a coma for two weeks following a head injury and that yes, memory loss was to be expected. Forgetting the past five years of your life, though, was a little surprising.
“Doesn’t exactly suit you, either,” he teased, but his mind screeched to a halt. He was thinking of when Sherlock had stubble during the Culverton affair.
“You like fucking my hand?” John asked roughly.
He didn’t really know. He couldn’t talk about how things went down in the other world. “It just feels...odd. I spent so much time worrying about her, and to be told I don’t have to worry anymore makes me--I dunno. I just don’t know. It’s hard for me to let my guard down, I guess. Especially when you got so hurt.”
“John?” his confused voice came from somewhere in the dark.
John saw fear on Sherlock’s face, and his expression softened. “Hey, Sherlock, tell me what’s going on in that big brain of yours.”
(See the end of the chapter for
But in any case, I hope you enjoyed!
John’s mouth twisted to the side, “Well, I--oh, wait. Let me clean the cuts on your hand.” He grabbed some cotton balls and a bottle of rubbing alcohol. “I don’t think I need to tell you this’ll probably sting.”
"Maybe," John went a long with it. His eyebrows furrowed together. “But, why would she care about this now? She certainly doesn't give enough of a shit about me to kill him out of revenge, and she shot Sherlock; that by itself is enough to put her in jail for a long time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John put on his shoes and jacket and picked up his duffle bag, a puzzled frown fixed on his face. “Right. Well, bye, then.”
Sherlock’s heart was aching. “Thank you, doctor,” he said, surprised at his own politeness, “I think John would like to rest now.”
“Interesting. Are you ticklish, Sherlock?”
Sherlock nodded, lifting his head to kiss him briefly.
“Oh, stay out of this, Sherlock,” she rolled her eyes.
“God,” John let go of him, “what made you come here this time of night, anyway?”
John sighed harshly. “Anything else?”
“We should get you home,” Mary said. “You should rest in a bed, and out of that suit.”
“These feel too vivid to be dreams,” John said. The lines around his mouth were deep. “Please tell me you didn’t kill someone.”
Sherlock nodded. “Probably for the best. Do you need help going up the stairs?”
Thanks for reading! I wanted to wrap this up in one chapter, so I hope this wasn't too rushed. I didn't feel like there was much else left to say.
“You’ve been known,” he drawled.
(See the end of the chapter for
For the next couple of days, Sherlock’s condition remained the same; he would wake up long enough to eat about twice a day, and would then pass out for several hours straight. Sherlock wasn’t particularly hungry, and John could see why, but he made sure he ate at least a little bit of what was brought to him. John stayed by his side, only leaving to use the loo and grab food from the cafeteria. His was paranoid Mary would find a way to come in, and was relieved each time he came back to the room to find Sherlock safe.
Sherlock looked down at the victim’s stab wounds. “Clearly you don’t need me to tell you how she died,” he said dully.
John let the tip of his tongue run over the seam of Sherlock’s lips, sliding in a couple centimeters when Sherlock granted him access into his mouth. He didn’t want to overwhelm him (or himself) by licking all the way into his mouth, though, so he kept it brief, removing his tongue after a few seconds and pressing a chaste kiss to the corner of his mouth, opening his eyes.
John looked confused. “Huh? Why not? Everyone does it.”
Thank you guys so much for all the kudos! I'm glad you like it so far :)
John shook his head. “Be quick,” he called after him. His heart started beating faster.
“Where am I supposed to sit?” John asked, arms crossed, staring at his long body in amusement.
Suddenly, the door connecting the bathroom and bedroom swung open, revealing a shirtless, bleary-eyed Sherlock.
John got it and fed it to her. “There you go.”
“You like having him around?”
No. He couldn’t think of Sherlock now. He was supposed to be trying to fall asleep now.
Also, sorry if you think I glossed over John's behavior in the morgue a bit but 1.) I thought that was enough for this story and 2.) I feel like I totally blew my load with that situation in my other story,
Sherlock turned around completely, brow furrowed. “You seem upset.”
John braced himself, not because he didn’t want to help Sherlock, but he knew getting up and walking would cause Sherlock great pain, and unfortunately, he was right. He let Sherlock lean heavily on him as they hobbled across the room. John unconsciously murmuring encouragements as Sherlock gritted his teeth in pain. He knew that with an injury as serious as his, the short walk from the bed to the loo across the room could feel like walking through a desert.
with her. She’ll probably rot in a cell for the rest of her days.” He rubbed his eyes. “I don’t want to think about her anymore, honestly. I’m tired of thinking about her.”
Sherlock flipped back over, trying to scowl, but his lips were quivering from a smile.
, and never apologized for it. Even with a bullet in her chest, she only told Sherlock that they were even.
“I’m not,” he denied, but he knew he was. He was glad the room was dark, because he suspected his face was red. The nightmare left him raw, and this was beginning to be too much.
, breathing hard, clenching his teeth.
. It feels like a train going out of control, on the brink of crashing, and I thought the drugs would stop it--”
,” a tear dripped off his jaw and onto his jacket. He sighed miserably.“I don’t even know where to begin, Sherlock. I fucked up so much,” he cried, and then rubbed his eyes.
John giggled. “I wish I remembered that!”
Sherlock’s lips parted, but then he closed his mouth and swallowed, eyes cast downward, looking abashed. He looked back up, a small, nervous smile on his lips. “Surprise, John,” he said softly.
Sherlock shifted and his lips were in his hair. “If you need to hear it, I’ll say it now: I forgive you for everything. I was never very angry with you to begin with, because I knew you were going through so much, and because I’m no innocent.” John felt him tense. “I made you grieve for two years. I think we can both stand to be kinder to each other, yes?”
John blinked and two tears rolled down his cheeks. “I almost lost you again today.” He wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s uninjured waist and kissed the shell of his ear. “I love you so much, Sherlock.”
John looked up at him. “It--just left me with a bad feeling. In the dream, she was cute. Really cute. Blonde hair, blue eyes, rosy cheeks--that was her name: Rosie.” He would forever be unhappy about the fact that she was named after Mary without even knowing.
“And you, too,” she observed. “I
“Will a snog make you feel a little better?”
“Was my speech excellent?”
“God, that’s fine,” John said, picturing it in his head. He could rub himself against Sherlock as he did it, maybe right up against his arse... He needed to touch him now. John took his hand away from his mouth and kissed him hard, squeezing his hand and stepping forward so their bodies were flush up against each other. Sherlock’s fantasy was a simple one, but the fact that he apparently had a go-to fantasy of them together was getting him aroused faster than he would have liked to admit.
“Oh,” John rubbed his stubbled jaw. “No. I sort of packed in a hurry.”
She gasped and immediately turned up the dial. “What was he thinking?” she asked.
. This was overwhelming. This was
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Really?”
“Not surprised.” His heart rate picked up, anger pouring into his blood.
His heart clenched. “Yeah.”
Sherlock rolled his head on the pillow to look at him. “John, language. Rosie’s right there.”
Mary looked annoyed. “This is your problem, Sherlock. You trust people too easily. You went into a dark alley with a girl you barely know, for Christ’s sake! You’re an
Well. He wasn’t exactly wrong, but John would have never brought it up. Besides, he thought less stress on Sherlock’s wound was more important. John let go out Sherlock and reached into his jeans pocket for the key to the flat. “You know I’m just looking out for you.”
“You’re not. You’re lying!” He actually looked angry. “As soon as he saw Rosie, you should’ve told him about Mary. You clearly haven’t!”
“What was it?” John pressed on.
“Okay,” John reluctantly relented, but if Sherlock’s face grew any more pained, he would take matters into his own hands.
John’s smile was fond. “Because you’re bloody better than Mary, that’s why, and you won’t let her keep upsetting you.”
“Anything I could do?”
Yoooooo thank you for all of the kudos! I meant to thank you for getting this past 200, but now the story nears 300! That's awesome. Thank you so much.
“Um, nothing.” His voice was hoarse, so he cleared his throat. He tentatively lay down on his back, bringing the duvet to his collarbone. “It was just a weird dream.” John had nightmares a million times more disturbing than that over the years, from memories of the warzone to Sherlock’s head cracked and spilling blood all over the pavement. Why did such a small, non eventful dream make him uneasy? It was just really odd, and the oddness alone was making him feel off-kilter.
Understanding, and a little bit of embarrassment, filled his eyes. “Ah. Yes, I see what you mean now.” His face was red, and he shook his head once more, struggling to process. “Hold on, I’m, I can’t think very well.”
“--spend more time here with Irene. Should be interesting,” he joked.
Sherlock didn’t know much about John’s childhood, but suddenly he pictured a blond-haired little boy staring into space with a shining grin on his face, dreaming of being a military hero with a wife at home. Sherlock was thankful that he was the one John had in his life, instead, but he felt sorry for the image of the innocent child in his mind, not yet broken by war, by Sherlock’s jump, or by Mary. Sherlock thought of himself as a child, before he was hurt by Redbeard, and thought that he and John would have been good friends back then.
He cleared his throat lightly. “If you need to stay again, you’re more than welcome.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Did you think I intended to upset you? I did what had to be done, John--”
Before he could continue, Sherlock cut in, “So you told Mary?” He had to know.
“Was that your stomach?” John asked, sitting back on his heels.
When John lifted his head, the tears were spilling. “I never heard you that frightened or miserable, Sherlock, never. I did that to you.” The look on his face was more anguished than when Mary got shot. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry for ever making you think I don’t care about you, and I’m sorry I fucking hit you.” His hand on the chair was gripping the material so tightly that Sherlock wouldn’t have been surprised if he broke the piece of furniture.
Sherlock rubbed the back of his neck with a lopsided grin, the one that always tugged at John’s heartstrings. “Go get her, John.”
“Sherlock…”
he say? He couldn’t tell Sherlock that he was crying over his daughter who didn’t exist. He couldn’t have exactly seemed mentally well, running out of a restaurant and sobbing in public, and telling him, or anyone, about Rosie would have probably landed him in a mental hospital.
His face fell. “But I don’t know when that will be. I don’t want you to be uncomfortable when you come here, but I also don’t want you to feel as if you’re unwelcome due to her.”
They still argued at times, but it was about insignificant, domestic rubbish. The animosity that had been there, lingering under the surface since the fall, was gone. As John sat on the sofa one night with Rosie sleeping on his chest and Sherlock sleeping against his shoulder, it occurred to him that this was the happiest period of his life, full stop, and he hoped it never ended.
Mary rushed over to him. “Let me, John.” She took the bag from him and grabbed his hand. “Lean on me again.”
“Things?”
Sherlock looked out the window. He had the eerie feeling that the countdown clock to the end of his relationship with John had already begun.
“What is it, John?” Sherlock asked. He didn’t like this.
John had his kit under his arm, and a glass of water and a couple acetaminophen pills in his hands. He sat down next to him on the side of the bed. “Take these.”
Sherlock spread his fingers apart, an eye peeking through a gap. “Really?”
Sherlock actually laughed out loud. “Why on earth would she do that?”
Mrs. Hudson emerged with Rosie in her arms, looking contrite. “Here she is,” she handed her to him. “Sherlock,” she said quietly, “I thought you two
“Speeding things up,” Sherlock replied, unbuttoning his shirt. “You were going to undress me sooner or later, right?”
Sherlock was looking down. He gulped. “You know I’ve never--” he waved his hand.
“He hates hospitals,” John said firmly (Sherlock was sure it was John now. His brain was starting to come back online). “I don’t think she did anything I can’t handle. Give us a minute, okay?”
“Sorry, too blunt?” John moved to sit next to Sherlock on the sofa.
“I--need another moment, please,” he whispered. His thumb stroked over John’s cheek, and his eyes opened. They were a deep blue, darker than usual, and vulnerable. “I’ve wanted you for a long time,” he spoke quietly, rawness in his voice. “You’re the best man I’ve ever known.”
“I did.”
John isn't adjusting to Irene's presence very well.
John put his head in his hands. Great. Just fucking great. He should have controlled his urges and stuck to kissing his lips and neck. He didn’t know Sherlock would, or could, come by that alone. Sherlock must have been mortified. It was, to John’s knowledge, his first orgasm in front of another person, and that itself could be embarrassing, but he also knew that coming in his pants had to have hurt his pride. He wanted to comfort Sherlock and tell him that, really, it was all fine, and he shouldn’t be embarrassed, but feared that talking to him now would only make things worse.
“I can tell. You should go home,” he said, walking to John and clapping him on the shoulder. “At least change out of your pajamas, for god’s sake.”
Mrs. Hudson only casually waved her hand. “Of course, you’re in the honeymoon stages, I understand. Glad to see you’re well,” she giggled, and left the bedroom, shutting the door behind her.
He was teaching her. Deducing was the most important aspect of Sherlock’s life, and he wanted to pass it down to Rosie. John’s grip tightened around the plastic bags in his hands. Sherlock didn’t merely tolerate Rosie; he genuinely seemed to like her and want to interact with her.
“Good,” John nodded. “She’s downstairs, actually.”
His mouth had dropped open, eyes closed, brows furrowed, looking like he was emitting a silent moan. His chest was heaving, pale except for the red mark John had bitten into his skin. Seeming to detect John’s gaze on him, Sherlock’s eyes flew open, and he tilted his head down, meeting John’s face. But his mouth opened again, groaning and turning his face to the side, squeezing his eyes shut. “Oh,
“Yeah?”
Culverton took off his jacket. “Before we start, tell me how you feel.”
Sherlock shut his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath, a pained look crossing his face. “I knew that was how you thought of me,” he nearly whispered.
“Sure,” John nodded, retrieving a pair of surgical gloves from his jeans pocket.
“Stop being fucking stupid and stay in the present,” John berated himself under his breath. He shook his head. Stop thinking about it. He heard the sound of the shower running, and hoped Sherlock wouldn’t fall; he’d looked like he was about to collapse on the staircase. He wasn’t exactly as weak as the last time he went home after being shot, though. Running around London with a serious bullet wound had hindered his healing process by several months, but there was no way John would let anything like that happen this time. He looked out the window, down into the street, and wondered where Mary was. It puzzled John that she ran away immediately this time, but didn’t bother last time. Maybe, deep down, she knew Sherlock wouldn’t press charges. He didn’t know.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I do get tired like every other person, John. Besides, my back is beginning to hurt in this chair.”
But he meant it when he said he wanted to start a new chapter in their lives. He loved John, and he wanted to focus on that, and that alone, for the rest of their days. “John?”
“I want to know now,” she said sharply, fire swirling behind her eyes, placing her hands on her hips.
, because he was supposed to know John loved him and wanted to touch him already. He stroked his thumb over John’s shoulder, watching his face to see his reaction.
“Bet you never thought you’d go out like this,” he murmured, his eyes dancing with glee. “Did you think he would be there when you died? Did you think you’d die in his arms?”
Rosie made a confused sound.
Ayyy I updated lol. Thank you all for the kudos and comments. I really enjoy writing this story, and I'm sorry I didn't update sooner, but I had work -_-
“You’ve never gotten distracted while kissing?”
“Oh god, don’t tell me you’re going to be sick,” Mary sneered. “You were a junkie. Shouldn’t you be used to this?”
He shifted his feet uncomfortably. “John, if you and Mary have been fighting, why were you two, you know,” he coughed delicately.
“When you’ve waited this long? I think so. I’m glad you liked it. It felt risky just diving in like that--no pun intended--”
John’s grin only widened. “Yeah, same with me.”
Sherlock imagined the look on John’s face after learning that he lied about their marriage. He shook his head. If he could keep John happy as long as possible, then he would. (He was selfish. He would keep
For once, instead of the other way around, it was like John read his mind. “You didn’t have any wine. Have I seen you drunk before?”
“Maybe I’d prefer a
She was serious. She honest-to-god didn’t think her shooting Sherlock was unforgivable. This...this was who Mary really was. She was pathetic. Egocentric. Thoughtless. John felt like he finally understood her, and the Mary from the other world. She really must have thought Sherlock deserved to be shot for discovering her secret, and that she deserved to be taken back. She must have thought abandoning him and Rosie was the right thing to do. She must have disregarded Sherlock’s feelings that much, that as long as she could be with John, he could stick around, her crime rendered irrelevant. Mary wanted a life with John, no matter what. Last time, he was stupid enough to take her back, but this time, he cut her off first, so there was no chance for her. She knew this. Perhaps she truly intended to flee the country after this. It didn’t matter, though. She had so little respect for
When the nurse left the room, John realized that Sherlock didn’t hear his tear-filled confession. He didn’t know if he felt relieved or disappointed.
John whipped around. “Stay out of my business. I don’t know how you heard all that--were you eavesdropping?--but I don’t want to hear anything from you.”
Sherlock pulled his dressing gown tighter around himself. “All right.”
Sherlock brightened up. “Really?”
“I was getting worried,” Mary cooed, pouting, patronizing, pulling her fur coat more tightly around herself.
“Sherlock?” He cracked open his eyes, and saw a wobbly image of Sherlock’s face. He couldn’t focus entirely on what was in front of him, but it registered that it was evening. He tried to ask what was happening, but it came out as an incoherent garble.
Heart pounding, John knelt down as far as he could, and gripped Sherlock’s hips. He lifted Sherlock’s pelvis so that his legs were hooked over his shoulders. Nearly shaking with anticipation, John pressed his mouth against Sherlock’s hole, and licked the sensitive skin. Cock throbbing at the sound of Sherlock’s startled moan, John licked at him, into him, taking his tongue out and then sliding it back in.
John gave the bear back to Rosie, his heart full. God damn it. Why did Sherlock have to be so kind?
As John’s head turned to watch the show, Sherlock’s didn’t remove his leg, and he enjoyed the warm press of their clothed knees and thighs. He was still happy over the compliment John gave him, wrapped in a lighthearted tease. He missed John’s praises and jokes. He knew he was clever, but John was the only person to truly appreciate that side of him. John’s praise sat in his heart, warmer than the thick quilt on top of him. Things felt relatively normal between them at the moment, and he released a long sigh of relief, his muscles relaxing and his mind forcibly ignoring the dilemma with his plan for now. At the moment, he wanted to enjoy a night with John, especially because they hadn’t done this in ages.
“What do you plan to do about this man?”
John smirked a little at that, even though he normally detested how well Mycroft could read him--both of them, really.
his mind screamed. Did John even know he was missing? How long was he passed out? Sharp waves of pain were pulsing through his groin.
“Hey,” John said. “How do you feel?” Stupid question, once again, but oh well.
“You’re going to tell me anyway.”
Jesus, what was wrong with him this morning? He was barely awake for two minutes and he was getting depressed.
The shift in mood made John uneasy. He cleared his throat.
“I warned you not to get any closer,” she said. “Anyway, I told you I was sorry.”
“I am, too,” John said. He felt himself coming back to life again, Sherlock’s words and the reality of his feelings finally dawning upon him. “This has been unbearable and I’m tired of hurting you more than anything else.” His palms were sweating. “I wish I hadn’t caused you so much grief.”
“But, I know that, too; you said it last night,” his eyebrow furrowed into a troubled crinkle.
“What do you mean?” John asked, putting his phone on the bedside table.
flat, and I know you didn’t work enough during the two years you thought Sherlock was dead to afford a place of your own.”
Embarrassed, Sherlock mentally scolded himself. “I don’t really--”
“You sure?”
“I don’t think we should,” he retorted. He should hang up now. The only thing that kept him from doing so was the possibility of that further angering John.
John glared at him. “Not in the mood, Sherlock.”
Molly took several pictures of Rosie making a mess of her cake. “I’ll be sure to send all of these to you, John.”
Sherlock simply stared at him.
“You’re welcome,” he said to Sherlock pointedly.
He didn’t say anything, sighing quietly. “Come on. Let’s get out of here.”
“I’ll look into it,” Mycroft said. “Do you think he will be all right?” he asked with feigned indifference.
Sherlock looked downright
The space in between Sherlock’s eyebrows crinkled in confusion. “What is it, John?”
“If I’m ever hurting you, ever, tell me.” He looked up, and he felt very small in Sherlock’s embrace. “I’m sorry for hurting you, physically and emotionally. I’m sorrier than I can possibly say.” He licked his lips. “You’re not an arse, Sherlock. You’re a good man, better than you think. You didn’t deserve any of Mary’s bullshit, or mine. You deserve to be happy.”
“But you’re nervous,” John supplied.
That broke through the ice in John’s stomach, and fire ran through his veins. “And who the fuck are you to judge?” he pointed his finger at Irene, startling her and Sherlock. “You worked for that piece of shit Moriarty, who hurt countless people and nearly got Sherlock killed. You’re a manipulator for a living.” His voice was rising, but he couldn’t help it. The numbness he felt was gone and liquid hot rage was pouring into his gut. Who the fuck did Irene think she was? And
“And I got away,” Sherlock said. “That’s what matters.”
. He lifted his head and put his hands over his mouth, muffling his gasps. Was he starting to hyperventilate? He couldn’t tell. All he could think of was the fact that his Rosie, his little baby, was never even conceived in this universe. A small sob escaped when it dawned on him. Mary’s pregnancy came as a surprise in the other universe. He didn’t even know when Rosie was conceived, but even if he knew the exact second it happened, there was absolutely no guarantee that the sperm that resulted in Rosie would impregnate Mary again. In fact, it was incredibly unlikely.
“Oh, ‘agreeable’?” John teased with a smirk, strolling over and hooking a finger around Sherlock’s belt, pulling him closer. “That’s good.” He kissed Sherlock soundly, breath smelling of wine.
John and Sherlock confront Mary
Sherlock sighed in his sleep, and then his chest expanded when he started snoring again.
Sherlock was thunderstruck, brows furrowed deeply and pink lips parted. “John!” he exclaimed, aghast. “I could never hate you, why would you ever think that?”
Sherlock didn’t smile, looking down at Rosie as she put a clumsy hand into his hair. He said nothing.
“Yes.”
“It’s about your interference with my marriage,” she stated, calm again.
This time, Sherlock woke up before John. He had rolled over in his sleep so that he was facing John now, their legs tangled. He blinked sleepily, eyes adjusting to the morning sunlight. John’s cheek was smushed against the pillow and his lips were slightly parted, eyes moving beneath the lids in a dream. His features were a picture of peace, and Sherlock wanted to close his eyes and shuffle closer to John. But then, Rosie’s cries from the baby monitor startled him. Sherlock sighed heavily. It was early, but letting John sleep was the least he could do. He murmured a soft
“What’s good?”
John smiled weakly. “Like what you see?”
SO yeah.
Sherlock blinked slowly, not smiling. He shook his head as he looked at the papers again. “You said you don’t know where it all went wrong, but I think I do. It was when I was so afraid of my feelings and yours that I began to shut you out and focus on Moriarty. Even before I left you, I was isolating myself.”
“Sherlock,” John’s hand grasped his bare shoulder without warning, “you know friends are supposed to want each other’s happiness? Don’t you want me to be happy?”
He couldn’t, though. He had Rosie back in the flat with him now, and he refused to lose his temper in front of his child. She didn’t deserve to see him unhappy. Hell, she didn’t deserve to have such a horrible human being as a father, but John had to try to be better. He already acted deplorably when he handed his child, his own flesh and blood, off to his friends because he couldn’t get his shit together. How could he do that? She was his baby, and he tossed her aside while his head was up his arse. Admittedly, he never thought he would become a father in the first place, but he didn’t think he would be so shit at it. He wasn’t the only one suffering; Rosie lost her mother. It was his responsibility to be there for her, and he failed. Not anymore, though.
God, this man was going to be the end of him. “For masturbation, Sherlock,” John said defensively, letting go of him. “You know, it makes it easier?”
“Oh, god, yeah,” John shivered, feeling intense pleasure gather where Sherlock’s thumb was circling, and in his bollocks, which started to pull up. John bit Sherlock’s pale shoulder with a groan, and fucked his hand. The pleasure peaked, and John came hard with a moan into Sherlock’s shoulder. His legs felt wobbly from kneeling, so after Sherlock let go of him, he sat upright against the back of the sofa, legs spread and feet on the floor. He rubbed his face, breathing deeply and shivering as the last sensations of his orgasm pulsed throughout his body. It occurred to him how fast he came, and he started laughing.
Sherlock gave her a brief smile. “Hello. I did.” Walking towards them, he surveyed John. “You...look much better,” he said.
Rosie, of course, didn’t respond. Her eyelids were already drooping, and the warmth of her was comfort enough. At least a little bit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Right. John nodded. He considered asking about Sherlock’s back, but remembered he only had his wounds dressed three hours ago, so the bandages didn’t need to be changed yet, and John didn’t want to remind him of his injuries unless he had to. Thinking about it, Sherlock needed more rest. “Go back to bed,” John told him. “It’s still early, and you told me you didn’t sleep before I came in last night--or, early this morning.”
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered shut at the touch, and a deep hum came from his throat. God, he was so tired.
to.” He was definitely high.
“I’m not sweet,” he automatically denied into John’s skin.
“Yeah, I am,” he denied, moving in to kiss him again.
Hey, thank you so much for getting this story to 500 kudos!!!!!!!!
“Are you?” she asked skeptically.
“Just keep this close,” John carefully put it on the kitchen table. “In case of, I dunno. I want you to be safe, too.”
Sherlock nodded. “Well, I ordered Mycroft to have someone collect your things from Mary’s so you don’t have to go there.”
John cleared his throat again and got on the bed, kissing him soundly to distract from his burning face. Sherlock cupped his jaw, kissing him harder, taking John’s breath away. They pulled apart with a loud
“You said you’d been ‘compromised’, and that’s why you didn’t notice me not reacting to Irene being alive. What did you mean?”
“How’d her lipstick get on your pillow, then? I’m curious.”
“Whenever?” John spoke with a croaky voice for the first time since this revelation. The Pool…?
The memories made him nostalgic.
he sighed petulantly.
He shook himself out of John’s grip. “No. I
John remembered how he initially didn’t forgive Sherlock the first time with a sharp pang of regret in his chest. “It’s...it’s nothing.” His hand slid from Sherlock’s shoulder to his forearm, gripping it loosely, his hand apparently not ready to let go of him yet.
“Perhaps she’s not as smart as you thought,” Sherlock said smugly.
He groaned and lay down. “Early.” He raised an eyebrow. “Where’s Rosie?”
John’s pupils were still dilated. “This is still new for me, Sherlock. That’s all.”
John sighed, shifting to look at him. “You git.” He yawned. “God, that wore me out.”
John’s heart stopped, an unpleasant shiver rippling through his skin, giving him gooseflesh.
No words sat on John’s tongue, but he decided he didn’t need any right now. He had to let Sherlock know how he felt right away. John shut the door firmly behind him, strode right over to him, watched those light eyes widen and pale eyebrows furrow, and pulled Sherlock into his arms firmly.
“No!” he exclaimed. “Of course it’s not a trick.”
“She’s even bigger than from the last time I saw her,” Molly smiled at her.
“Who says?” he challenged.
A flash of emotion entered John’s eyes, and he nodded and looked out the window. Sherlock thought he was getting choked up, but why? He didn’t get it, but he didn't get most things about children. He loved Rosie, but he had absolutely no idea what he was doing with her. He was nervous about going home, too, and having John see her again. Would his memories return?
“Yeah,” he smiled easily. “That part of my memory is perfectly intact.”
“Not at all.”
It would have been better if John sat in his lap, but Sherlock kept quiet and hugged John, their cheeks pressed together. John hugged him back, arms around his middle, and Sherlock felt the flutter of his eyelashes as his eyes closed. “I love you,” he told John.
John still couldn’t look at him. His emotions were all over the place but at least that aspect became clearer. “That makes sense.” He licked his lips. “Were you afraid of me and my feelings, specifically?”
“Damn,” Sherlock’s voice brought him back to earth. “I was supposed to do that,” he frowned, or tried to, still recovering.
John was giving him a lopsided smile. “You don’t have to explain wanting to take me to bed, Sherlock.”
“Hm. I suppose it’s not too beneath what you normally watch.”
Warmth exploded in Sherlock’s chest and the breath rushed out of him. This was how John felt before he jumped, before he ruined them. Did John feel that way after he returned, even with Mary in the picture? He must have. Memory loss wouldn’t create feelings that weren’t there. He was loved by John Watson. Would John have ever admitted this if he hadn’t gotten amnesia? Would the same John who wrote him a hate letter after Mary died be vulnerable enough to confess his love?
“No.” Sherlock said petulantly, wrapping his arms around John’s middle and burying his face into his shoulder. “I like it here, even if you’re a filthy liar.”
“I didn’t intend to,” he muttered.
“They’re only going to die in a week,” Sherlock complained expectantly.
“Yeah. I mean. Why not?”
I'LL MAKE IT BETTER I PROMISE LET ME EXPLAIN MYSELF IN THE NEXT CHAPTER
“I was just asking,” John held up his hands. He busied himself by folding the blanket on the sofa. “So, are you going to dinner with her?”
His throat was clogged. He must not have remembered Rosie, either. That was certain to be a shock.
“Sherlock,” John scolded him, “you didn’t tell him?”
Sherlock inhaled sharply through his nose, and John wished he could see his face. He placed a small kiss on the shell of his ear.
“Yeah?”
“Don’t try me, Sherlock.”
That...was weird. John realized he still had no idea what to say, but remembered that he had to act like he was seeing Sherlock again for the first time in years, and didn’t know the majority of what Sherlock had told him in the other timeline. “So, your brother knew?” he asked.
He kissed the top of Sherlock’s curly head. “Of course I did. Did you?”
“Why?” John pressed.
One of the first things Sherlock did when he got up was grit his teeth in pain. His mind was clearly on other things. John needed to get over himself. A couple minutes later, Sherlock left the bathroom and made his way over to the kitchen table, slumping in one of the chairs, and accepting the tablets and glass of water John gave him silently.
There was nothing he could do right now, and John hated that. Sherlock’s life was in other people’s hands. What he hated even more was that he hurt Sherlock again, even though it wasn’t on purpose. He really should have known Mary wouldn’t have gone away quietly, and he knew she had put the pieces together about him wanting to move back in with Sherlock. Why did she act so friendly towards Sherlock after she shot him in the other world, though? Was it because John went back to her.
“Why would I give a speech?” Sherlock asked curiously.
For the first time in his life, John was sure that everything would be okay.
to touch him, but his gut instinct told him something was wrong, something worse than an emotional breakdown.
Sherlock nodded silently. So this was what it was like waking up in bed with John--physical affection and hushed voices. His chest was warm. He looked at John and saw that he slept well, to his relief. “Feeling better today?” he asked.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance. “Mean.”
He waited with baited breath for John’s response. Meanwhile, Lestrade texted him:
Sherlock had a tiny smile on his lips and he hummed. “How long is Rosie down with Mrs. Hudson?”
Sherlock swallowed, holding John’s gaze so a shift of his eyes wouldn’t give away his nerves. “From what I gather about social constructs and traditions, someone who harbors affection for you.”
did to me was love!” He was shaking, knees trembling, his yelling echoing off the walls. “I hate you,” his voice almost cracked. “I hate that I ever trusted you.”
That broke John’s restraint. “Oh, no, no, no,” he soothed, and carefully pulled Sherlock up by his arms, which were relatively unscathed, so he could bring him into an upright position and hug him against his chest.
Sherlock sighed dramatically, but the idea of...
John had grown accustomed to touching him. This Sherlock had not had the opportunity. This Sherlock spent much longer being untouched, and had convinced himself he had no chance with John. He may have been reacting more positively this time, but it was still a giant emotional step for him.
Sherlock was stunned.
Sherlock inhaled sharply. “Yes. I--mmm, John, it’s hard to talk like this,” he managed to mumble out in between kisses.
Sherlock smirked. “I see. You can charge your phone with my charger, by the way.”
“I’m not like those arsehole people,” he said automatically, although a voice told him that he was actually much worse.
Mary kicked him in his ribcage, the toe of her high heel feeling like a knife.
“I know,” his voice shook. “I know that now. What...what do you want me to do for you, Sherlock?”
“She’s asleep and won’t be picking up what we say for a good while.” Sherlock wanted him to move on, but with this new piece of information, and remembering how out of it and small Sherlock had looked in the boot of Mrs. Hudson’s car, John felt like a large hand was squeezing his heart. He brushed the curls from Sherlock’s forehead, biting the inside of his cheek hard. “I’m sorry.”
“Yes.”
“It was Mary,” he whispered, knuckles bright white from clenching the sheets. “I couldn’t see her well, but I recognized her voice.”
By this point, John realized that he was breathing too harshly, too quickly, and these were the early signs of a panic attack. He gasped sharply, opening his eyes to the darkness under the duvet. He forced himself to get his breathing under control, but the air under the duvet hot and stuffy. He whimpered into his pillow, the fabric of the pillowcase damp from his tears, grateful no one could see him like this. He gulped.
Sherlock wished he could have seen Mrs. Hudson’s face as she said this, but his eyes were beginning to feel heavy. He felt John sigh.
That still hurt, but John swallowed and let it pass. “That’s why they weren’t at the funeral.”
Thank you sooooooooooooooo much for getting this over 400 kudos! Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!
“Good job, genius,” she said brightly. She let go of his collar, and he fell back against the wall. She only hit him a few times, but he was exhausted. She looked down at him with all of the repulsion in the world. “As I said, Mary Watson was the only life worth living. I can’t live that life ever again, and it’s all because of you. I have no friends or family because of my former life. I have nothing to lose, Sherlock,” she said, her lipsticked lips pulling up into a smirk. “I don’t care if I get caught. I want you dead and I want John heartbroken. Actually, I don’t think he’d survive your death a second time.”
John giggled, and tried to stop himself. “I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t be laughing. I just feel free now.”
“Yes. I just wanted…” He trailed off. He didn’t know how to say this. Was it too soppy? He remembered how John bitterly said Mary would have never sent him flowers, and his own deductions that she never really complimented or took care of John. He had gone unappreciated for years. Sherlock had to change that. He gathered all of his courage and scooted back a little so he could take John’s face in his hands.
“Yes,” Sherlock said with a cold air of indifference.
John pinched his cheek. “You’re so full of shit.”
“It’s not the physical sensation as much.” He sounded out of breath. “It’s…” he subconsciously bit his lip again.
“How do you feel about all of this?” Sherlock asked.
He acknowledged that he was probably being more bitter than warranted, and yeah, maybe he was sitting here feeling sorry for himself, but fuck it. Just fuck it. He was fed up. It felt like the universe had been against him for the past few years. He felt immense disappointment in his chest. He gently rested his cheek atop Rosie’s head. He didn’t expect everything to go back to normal today, but he didn’t expect his afternoon to be so shitty, either.
“John,” Sherlock said, tone suddenly growing sharp, “drop it. This is ridiculous. Stop being pigheaded about something that never happened.”
“It’s what I do,” he said with a tinge of annoyance. “Your mind is elsewhere.”
“Dunno,” he croaked. God, he felt like shit. When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock’s face was clearer. He realized he was lying on the sofa and Sherlock was sitting on the coffee table, wiping him with a cool washcloth. Was he feverish? He felt hot. The fucking suit was still on him. His mind was sluggish, and he felt like a moron for getting himself nearly kidnapped again. At least he didn’t wake up to flames this time around.
The corner of John’s lips turned up ever so slightly. “You’re surprised, aren’t you?”
“Ms. Morstan said she knew Mr. Magnussen’s information would have followed her no matter where she went,” Mycroft continued. “Additionally, she thought she killed Sherlock, and deemed putting you through grief again enough of a punishment for--to put it kindly--betraying her.”
He would wait until he could actually physically walk out on her, at least. Plus, he was in no fucking mood to have a serious emotional conversation. “Yeah, they got me right outside.”
“This is the best night of my life,” Culverton whispered, fingers twitching in anticipation. “None of the others were as fun as you.”
John hummed. “God, I could feel that you relaxed,” he said. “I knew you were tense earlier. Sure you’re okay?”
her--not this one, no, but he probably would have done it again.
--she wouldn’t have perfect makeup on her face. She was just doing this to annoy him, for some reason. He didn’t know why. She had never gone this far before.
He felt horrible admitting that, because that meant he had not been happy since long before Rosie was born. Rosie wasn’t the problem, though. He loved her, really, he did. She was his flesh and blood, and a genuinely sweet baby. She had nothing to do with his unhappiness; if anything, she was one of the only things in the world that made him get out of bed in the morning.
“That Mrs. Hudson gave us?”
(btw I didn't know if I should tag this as "Graphic Depictions of Violence" since I wrote what was in the episode itself? But if you feel like this needs to be tagged differently, let me know.)
“Oh, yeah.” John didn’t sound terribly interested. “I forgot. What is it?”
“Certainly not,” Sherlock said. “I’ve told you before, John: anything you’ve done to her that you feel guilt over is nothing compared to her deeds. I imagine you were a spectacular partner, compared to how she treated you.”
John lowered his head in shame. “Trust me, Sherlock, if I could change things, I would.”
“Not really,” Sherlock stood up, “although I would rather avoid her seeing us kiss for the time being; she’d squeal and I’m not in the mood for it.”
John helped Sherlock back into bed, too, not letting his face show how upset his groans and gasps of pains were making him.
“I’m here,” John stroked his warm forehead and curls. “You need to rest.”
“See you around, John,” he said.
he thought.
“Well,” Sherlock cleared his throat politely, “it’s come to my attention that people have found me attractive in the past, and I suspected you thought so, too, but it’s nice actually hearing it from you.”
John’s fingers dove into his tangled curls, and caressed them gently. It was an impulsive move, one he wouldn’t have done yesterday, but he’d always loved Sherlock’s hair, and didn’t want him to wake up just yet. However, it was too late for that.
Mary looked like she wanted to vomit. She took off her wedding ring and slammed it down on the table with a clang. “Take it back.”
Sherlock yawned, feeling sleepy after another orgasm.
John rolled his eyes. “Just ‘cause your appetite is coming back doesn’t mean I’m your cook.”
“What?” Sherlock asked.
John continued staring at him, and for a moment Sherlock thought he was caught, but then he said, “You’re the most observant man in the world, can you deduce who sent them?”
Sherlock felt the sudden urge to bury his face into John’s stomach, but thought it would have been considered too much in front of Mrs. Hudson, so he settled for leaning into John’s touch.
John hummed, and he covered up the last of the cuts. Sherlock had so much gauze wrapped around him that John was reminded of the wounded soldiers in Afghanistan, but there was nothing to be done about it. It wasn’t like he could put twenty band-aids on Sherlock’s back. “You’re done,” John told him, setting down the roll of gauze and scissors on the coffee table. “We’ll have to keep an eye on them to make sure they don’t get infected, but you should be okay.”
Sherlock realized they were inside his room and John was staring at him with concern.
John returns home.
The back of Sherlock’s head hurt and his heartbeat was pounding in his ears. The harsh force to his head only made his vision waver more, and he realized he was breathing out of his mouth. He didn’t know what Mary gave him--he couldn’t think--but it must have been strong. Despite the pain and the cold, he felt like he could pass right out again. He could only stare dumbly at Mary, at her eyes filled with steel and hatred.
“No, she didn’t.”
But he kept quiet.
A ton of bricks dropped into John’s stomach. It was lipstick. His hand shook with the effort it took not to curl around and claw into the arm of his chair. “Oh,” he choked out. “That’s--good. How kind.” It sounded like someone had punched John in the gut. He cleared his throat, making his voice steadier. “That was good for you, right?”
His eyes darted back and forth, like he was looking for a way to escape. “I never meant for you to find out. I’m sorry if it makes you uncomfortable.” His face was scarlet.
“No,” he lied, hoping his face wouldn’t heat up. “Just, wouldn’t you be more comfortable in pajamas? Even just pants?”
John let go of Sherlock, and then climbed over his legs to sit on the other side of the bed. Sherlock lay down on his back, pale cheeks wet with tears and eyes red, but he seemed to have calmed down a little. He let out a shuddering sigh, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. “If I weren’t injured, I’d be bouncing off the walls right now. I’m restless but can’t move around. It’s uncomfortable.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said easily.
It was a week after Sherlock’s birthday, and things were still not close to okay. John thought that was to be expected, considering the emotional turmoil they both went through (and the physical one he put Sherlock through--no, don’t think of that), but he wanted this period of misery to end. He hated this. He hated his life. Sherlock was talking to him again, sure, but were they really friends anymore? John had blamed him for something that wasn’t his fault, completely pushed him out of his life, wrote him a horrible note, one which he wished he could erase from his memory, and he hurt him terribly. He acted like a complete monster. He apologized for his actions last week, when they stopped back at the flat after they had gone out for cake.
“She seems to like you,” she flashed a grin at Sherlock. “How sweet. What’s her name?” she asked.
But, his lips were glued shut.
Sherlock nodded, choosing to kiss John’s neck instead of verbally answering.
John bit the inside of his cheek hard. He could get a hint. Sherlock didn’t want to talk about it. Fine. Good. But why not? Didn’t he want this? Didn’t
doubted him. He wanted to scream. “For god’s sake, John, yes! What’s it going to take to convince you that I love you?”
The most important reason why he was doing this, though, was that he was going to have to go back to work soon. John didn’t have enough money to provide for the two of them indefinitely, as proven by his attempt to pay his bills the night before. He was going to run out of savings soon. John was hesitant to tell Sherlock about this. He knew that working would mean spending less time with Sherlock. He didn’t want that, but he didn’t have much of a choice. They had promised to see each other more, though, and John desperately wanted to rebuild their friendship. He feared that if he told Sherlock about this, he would immediately make the connection that they wouldn’t be able to see each other often and be disappointed. Maybe John wouldn’t tell him today.
He felt John’s lips pull up into a smirk. “Hey, Sherlock?”
John was foolish to hope Rosie wouldn’t appear in his dreams again. Now, she was always there, always being held by Sherlock, always upset. The image of her in his mind was crystal clear. On top of everything else, seeing her made him miss her. This happened for four straight nights, and he just didn’t get it. It could have just been that the dreams were a product of his mind missing Rosie, but that didn’t explain the dreams with Sherlock alone at all. He couldn’t ignore that.
“That didn’t hurt.”
“It is?”
“I knew a woman named Rosamund,” she told Sherlock, and there was a rare hesitance to her voice. “She was a trained assassin who worked for Jim.”
Thank you so much for 400 kudos! :)
John felt a little weirded out. “Yeah?”
“Yes,” he agreed. “It felt very good.”
“Mrs. Hudson,” he grumbled. He looked down at it, “‘Sherlock, I figured you want something nice and comfy-cozy. Signed, Mrs. Hudson.' She drew a
John snorted. “What happened to you being like Big Brother?”
Sherlock said nothing.
I hope you're all okay with my sending John back; it's something I decided quite some time ago. I hope it doesn't feel like John's made this decision too fast, as well, but I felt like there was enough of a build-up.
“Tell him what?”
John didn’t know how to go about this much better than Sherlock did. He knew how to have sex, obviously, but with a man? Well, it couldn’t be
Sherlock looked stricken, and John hated that he put that look on his face. “Because...you’re my friend,” he said slowly, cautiously, voice laced with evident confusion.
, John, but because of what I told you. It was so unexpected, and when you kissed me, all I could think of was them, and how much they affected me.”
still grieving her, which is another reason why you’ve taken me by surprise,” his nose crinkled in confusion. “I wasn’t about to tell you how I felt at that moment, even if I did think you felt the same.” He sighed a little. “I’m still wondering if I’m actually high and hallucinating right now.”
“Of course.”
John kept going. “You lied to me. You blamed everyone but yourself. You shot an innocent, unarmed man. Listen to me, Mary Morstan, though I doubt that’s your real fucking name: I will never help you. I could
John looked back over at the flowers, and Sherlock saw the faintest hint of pink dust his cheeks, and he chewed on his bottom lip. John then shrugged, looking back down at Sherlock’s hand, getting a scissor the cut off the gauze from the roll. “It’s a little old-fashioned, but who doesn’t like flowers? It’s thoughtful, even if it’s a little creepy ’cause I don’t know who it’s from.”
John sat up, getting out of his jeans and pants, relieved when the stickiness was no longer clinging to his (now flaccid) cock. He took off his vest, too, and turned to Sherlock, actually feeling a bit self-conscious now that they weren’t having sex. Sherlock had seen him shirtless before after he’d gotten out of the shower in the past, but that was about it, and he really did think he couldn’t compare to Sherlock at all in terms of looks.
A smile was still in Sherlock’s eyes, but his tone grew more hesitant. “Yes. Nothing is ever ordinary with us, is it?”
John was standing in his pajamas. “How long are you gonna stand there?”
Mycroft takes John back home
was his only reply.
“Tell me,” John demanded, his fists shaking. “What else?”
To think that a day ago, he was still wretchedly miserable. With one long-overdue conversation, John felt like his life turned around. He knew he would have scars from the past two years, but so would Sherlock, and he was confident they could get through it together. It almost shocked John how much better he felt today, but then he remembered that in January of 2010, he felt hopeless, suicidal, until he met this infuriatingly brilliant madman. It really shouldn’t have been a surprise that Sherlock saved John from himself again. This time, however, John was going to make sure that he repaid Sherlock for every second of happiness, and was there for him when he would fall. He felt like he understood Sherlock now better than ever, and god damn it, he wouldn’t let anything, especially not his own fucking stubbornness, get in the way of their happiness.
“I’m not in the mood to go out, anyway,” Sherlock replied.
“Yeah,” John mumbled. He lifted his gaze, a soldier’s determination entering his eyes. “I love you,” he said. “I was thinking about how I never got to tell you that before you jumped, so there,” he said with a little nod. “It was on my mind all night.”
John pulled back, but kept his arms around Sherlock. In the darkness of the flat, his eyes looked black. “It was just a dream.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes hard. “Ugh, you brute.”
“I can’t get your shirt off like this,” Sherlock said, a little out of breath, but seemingly less apprehensive.
Btw, I completely forgot to mention this in the last chapter, but if you were keeping up with
Her painted lips were parted in shock. “But, I thought we were just fine. John, if there’s a problem, we can work through it.”
He sat her in his lap. “Hey, Rosie. God, reminds me of when my kids were young.”
“I’m asking honestly.”
“You are?” he raised an eyebrow.
Definitely an invitation. “Are you sure?”
Sorrow coursed through his veins with every beat of his heart, with every second he looked at John’s vulnerable, adoring expression. Sherlock...could not do this. This was wrong. John was about to pour all of his love into this act, and it was based on a lie. He knew how difficult it was for John to trust people, and here he was, with no suspicion and nothing but raw emotion. This got out of hand. It couldn’t happen this way. If it never happened, then so be it. Sherlock couldn’t betray John’s trust
Sherlock walked with John to his bedroom in a haze, his erection softening a little from a sudden wave of uncertainty. He wanted to have sex, but it was no secret that no one ever touched him before, and he never touched anyone intimately. Janine had wanted to have sex with him, but he couldn’t. He didn’t love her, and, of course, he was gay. He wouldn’t have been able to get it up if he tried.
Sherlock sniffed, looking down at his feet. “Besides, she may be a liar, but look at me,” he smiled ruefully. “I lied to you for two years, didn’t I?”
John yawned. “You know we’re both getting old, right? A lot of blokes wouldn’t get this tired after something so relatively simple.”
“I love you,” he blurted out, immediately feeling heat sting his face. “I always have, John. I should have told you sooner, before I jumped, and I’m sorry.”
Sherlock turned his face away, stretching, pretending to look disinterested. “Heard you the first time,” he mumbled.
“John…” He didn’t know what to do. “You were upset with me--”
“Sherlock?”
“...You seem distressed.”
. He spent so much time being angry over this, but always, no matter the situation, his anger was merely a shield for his sorrow. The anger was gone. Now, he felt like he could cry. He didn’t know if any of this was actually happening, but he wanted to voice what he wanted to say this first time. “You left me,” John said, voice trembling. “You left me for two years. How--
want to see him, but it wasn’t about what he wanted. John would take being miserable around Sherlock than being miserable around his corpse.
“I’m teasing, Sherlock,” John said with a soft grin. He went back to kissing him, lips moist and more insistent this time. He wrapped a strong arm around his waist and started to unbutton his red shirt with his free hand, lips trailing from his lips to the underside of his jaw. He opened his mouth and teethed lightly at the sensitive skin on his neck.
Sherlock was gripping his pajama pants, but he paused. “Is it? Isn’t this the endgame?”
John read it, “It says, ‘Will you tell your wife?’ Sherlock, this person knows I’m married.”
“Yeah?” He paused. He shook his head. “I guess, back in 2012, I didn’t think you’d like relationship-type stuff. You seemed to hate it all, so I’m surprised.”
“I’m comfortable.”
“You have lube?” he asked curiously.
John yawned. “Ugh, ’m getting old.”
wanted to make a mark like that.
“Why?” he asked, wishing he could sit up.
“No,” John stepped backwards. “No, tell me,” he pleaded desperately. “Why don’t you tell me off, shout at me, make me have some fucking consequences for my actions?” His voice was small but shredded, rough as sandpaper. His shoulders heaved and he had to suppress a whine. He looked at Sherlock, at his expression filled with confusion, horror, and sadness. He never deserved him.
“Can I have my daughter back?” John asked through gritted teeth, his left hand clenching into a fist, the ring feeling heavy on his finger.
John scratched the back of his neck, growing bashful again. “So, about that. I had wondered if you, erm, do any of that. Sex.”
John’s tired eyes immediately went to his penis and he smirked. “Hey.”
Mary narrowed her eyes. “I was wrong about you. I thought you were a better man than this, John.”
Silence.
Sherlock smirked a little. He opened his mouth, but John cut him off.
“You act as if I was Mr. Sociable before you,” John teased.
Hot tears were still rolling down his face, but Sherlock asked bitterly, “Am I just a replacement, then?”
John felt like she was silently judging him, but maybe he was paranoid. He couldn’t help it.
?” she beamed at Rosie.
John stared down at him, a hard lump in his throat. “I’m going to up your morphine.”
much. He would never forgive himself. John, despite all his flaws and past actions, did not deserve this. He would be hurt beyond repair. What the hell was wrong with Sherlock?
That sounded just as flirtatious as it did in the first timeline, but this time, Mary was here, and John said her dark eyes shift to Sherlock. It was brief, though--barely a flicker of her eyes. But John saw it, and Sherlock might not have known how suggestive that sounded, nor did he know what Mary was capable of.
“You’re brilliant.”
“Why?” Culverton pressed on.
And yet, he could sense a presence at his bedside.
“It was because you were my friend--”
John cleared his throat, blushing lightly. “I tried to see if any of that old spark was there. I put on stupid cheesy music and everything, tried to be romantic. It didn’t work at all. It was--perfunctory.”
John did, happily taking Rosie into his arms and stuffing her purple cat plushie as much as he could into his jeans pocket. The sparkle that lit up her eyes when she saw him made his chest feel warm.
“Maybe you should wipe off,” John chuckled, “and I need to rinse my mouth out before I can kiss you again.”
“Then just call me if you need anything,” he said in resignation. He felt Sherlock’s eyes on him. He took off his jacket and shoes. He was sure his face was showcasing all kinds of bloody emotions Sherlock wanted to dissect and deduce. But then, John heard slow steps towards their bathroom, and the click of the door shutting.
A kiss on the cheek had never lit such a fire in John’s heart before.
“I just don’t understand why she needs to be sent to daycare now,” Sherlock eyed him, as if he knew there was another reason. “She’s not even one. Oh!” his eyes widened. “Her birthday is on Saturday.”
“What are you doing here?” he found himself asking, manners nonexistent.
Gordon Ramsay yelled on the television, “Are you fucking stupid?!”
She sighed, crossing her arms. “Just trust me on this one thing--I think you should be up front with him. Trust me.”
John snorted. “You’re a d--dumb person.”
John’s face contorted further, and it would have been kind of funny in another situation. “Lestrade didn’t just tell me, Sherlock,” he said quietly. “He let me listen.”
“Nothing is ever really normal with us,” John said, stifling a yawn of his own and pulling the duvet up higher on his shoulder.
Before she could speak, John said, “He’s right. Mary, I don’t claim to be a great man, but I think I deserve a bit better than the shit you’ve done. Lying about a pregnancy, really?” John actually sounded upset. “I thought I was going to be a father, Mary.”
“It was,” John laughed at the memory. “You insulted the guests, were clearly out of your depth, a bit, but you made everyone cry. In a good way.”
And John was definitely angry. He knelt down and grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders roughly. “How could you do this?” he whispered harshly. “Hm? How?!” his voice raised to a yell. John could just
John stood there, staring at him and holding his hand. “Like who?” he asked.
John had been right about Sherlock needing to receive more reassurance. “Don’t be like that. I told you I fell for you right away and it feels like a privilege to have you.” Heat was crawling up his face and the tips of his ears.
Sherlock took a couple steps forward, not knowing what to do. “John?” he called softly.
“It feels like last night was an odd dream, doesn’t it? A lot happened within a short amount of time.”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” he called, making no move to get up. “Perhaps she won’t come in,” he whispered to John.
“I want you to be,” John said sincerely.
I haven't forgotten about Mary, by the way...
But then, it looked like a spark ignited in Sherlock’s eyes, and he stared at John with intensity. “I never told you she was alive.”
He left and went up to his bedroom as quickly as he could without running, grateful he showered before Sherlock. When he closed his bedroom door behind him, he put his burning face into his hands. That was embarrassing.
In the darkness, John saw Sherlock’s lips quirk upwards in a small grin. “You need to sleep more than I do. You won’t fall asleep around a crying toddler.”
John was reminded once again, perhaps now more than ever, that a look into the depth of Sherlock’s heart was a shockingly intense experience. As much as Sherlock crushed his heart just a few hours ago, John felt incredibly sorry for him, especially if this were a misunderstanding. Was it?
Damn. So much for not getting lost in thought. “Just...thinking,” he said lamely. “Nothing important.”
After eating bacon and scrambled eggs, John rubbed his eyes and sighed. He couldn’t just stay in this suit all day, and he had to go back home--not home, but back to Mary’s flat--sometime. He didn’t know if he would break up with her today, because it might seem out of nowhere. Before Sherlock’s return, John remembered that his relationship with Mary was the best it ever was. She still didn’t fully understand him, he thought, but their relationship felt a lot less strained when Sherlock wasn’t around. Maybe she felt like Sherlock was competition for John’s attention? He didn’t know, because she acted like she liked him (other than the time she shot him, and John still felt immensely confused. If she hated him, then why did she joke and laugh with him?). But, the point was that breaking up with her now would seem really strange. Then again, he thought, did he really owe her an explanation? He really didn’t know what to do. Should he waltz into her house and announce he was breaking up with her?
Sherlock let out a small, shuddering gasp. He was so pathetic, crying in a hospital bed, obeying the will of his soon-to-be killer. “I love John.”
“Every method for controlling dreams is pseudoscience at best,” Sherlock said.
“Then you didn’t do a very good job.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, phone in his line of view. “There are certain things only you can know.”
“It’s not kind if it’s the truth,” Sherlock said.
Would she try to do that again now? But, this was confirmation that Mary was just as ready to lie in this timeline as she did in the last one.
Sherlock tangled his legs with John, pulling the duvet over their shoulders. “You probably don’t want to sleep again, but we can lie here and be close.”
“And you know I’m an adult capable of taking care of myself.”
But, Lestrade was a cop, and a good one with that. John trusted him to keep Sherlock safe. “Stay with him?” John asked. “I’ll run home and shower as fast as I can.”
And that settled it.
“Um, Magnussen?” Mary asked. “No, I don’t know that name. Why?”
. This was worse than he thought. His lungs were screaming for air as Culverton spoke to him.
John’s eyes widened, the tips of his ears flushing. “Are you saying Mycroft was right in Buckingham Palace, that you—you wouldn’t know if sex alarmed you, because you’re, or were, a virgin?”
“This feels a little strange.”
The movements of Sherlock’s lips were a little awkward, a little too still sometimes and a little too hard at another moment, but John simply let out a sigh from his nose and gently corrected his kiss with his own lips. Sherlock would catch on eventually; he was clever. John broke the kiss. “How’re you feeling? Any better yet?”
Once they were seated at the table by a jovial Angelo, John raised an eyebrow at him. “You all right?”
Even if Mary were to get pregnant again, it would be with a different baby.
Sherlock hid his face in John’s neck, stifling a pathetic whimper. He was surprised by how hard he was, and by how hard John’s length was against his. He felt like he wanted more. He wanted to rock his hips.
John went upstairs and crawled into bed with a sob buried in his throat. He was a coward.
“Once more,” he said, muffled by speaking into his neck.
Sherlock sighed. “I just want to get this over with.” He hesitated for a moment, but thought John wouldn’t mind if he said this. “I’m tired of her. I just want to never have to think about her again.” He felt so very, very tired of everything anymore. To think there was a time when he actually enjoyed a bit of drama in his life. He had been through too much to want anything but John, though.
“Wait,” Sherlock opened his eyes.
But John was not about to stand her and have Sherlock tell him that Irene wasn’t that bad, or he was overreacting, or whatever. Mary fucking lied to him, again! “I need some air.” He walked out of the door from the kitchen leading to the stairs. He walked down into the entryway of the building and put his aching head into his hands. Mary knew about the Fall. She dated him while Sherlock was “dead”--of course she knew. She knew how devastated John was. She knew how deeply his grief cut his heart. The whole fucking time, while he opened up to her and only her about Sherlock’s death, she had been an accomplice to Moriarty the whole time! The whole fucking time!
“Oh, she started her first day of daycare,” he sat in his chair. It was quiet in the rest of the flat. Were they alone?
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, good idea,” he said as awkwardly as John felt.
Their pseudo morning after brings news, kisses, and confessions.
John pulled back, shocked. “You’re kissing me back?”
“I see.” He put the jar of baby food and spoon on the tray of the height chair. “No memories returned, I assume?”
“I’m not a delicate flower, John!” he snapped, fire in his eyes.
Sherlock sighed, lifting his head off the pillow, squinting at John in the darkness.
“Uh, well, not anymore,” John cleared his throat. “Not really. Just have to sign the papers.”
John placed a small kiss to the nape of Sherlock’s neck and inhaled the scent of his hair. He rested his forehead in between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, ducking his head and closing his eyes. John felt his back slowly rise and fall through his T-shirt. The morning (almost afternoon at this point) was so different from how they were a few hours ago that it made John feel off-kilter. He wasn’t upset in any way, but overwhelmed. He was only sobbing his heart out about twelve hours or so ago. But, Sherlock was right here, and they kissed and sorted everything out. He was emotionally exhausted, but knew the worst was over.
Sherlock grimaced at the mention of her name. “She can wait.” John was officially moving back in today, but Sherlock wanted to spend time with him before he went to get his stuff.
And don't worry, John will get there and be with Sherlock, but I didn't think it would be realistic for him to go back in time and jump into Sherlock's arms, so it'll be a process. I actually have this story somewhat planned out, which is rare for me lol
John’s warm hand slipping into his suit jacket brought Sherlock out of his head. “Your shirts have too many buttons,” John grumbled into the kiss. He rubbed his hand over his chest. “Nice to look at, though.” He kissed the corner of his mouth.
Sherlock swallowed. He was completely unaccustomed to being coddled like this, and it made him feel a bit shy. “It’s okay,” he mumbled. “What you were doing, it was nice.”
Sherlock, on the other hand, was sitting on the sofa, giving John a look.
what we were doing?”
“All right,” he handed her to Sherlock. “I’ll see you later,” he smiled to Lestrade.
“I’m really fine,” John said, but gladly took her back. “But thanks for stopping by, it was nice of you.”
John felt like he messed up every step of the way since the moment Mary shot him, and the knowledge that he couldn’t change a single thing killed him. He wept for all of that lost potential, for the life he and Sherlock could have had together, romantic or otherwise. (But
“No,” she crossed her arms over her chest. “I don’t want to play your little games. I want a damn explanation, right
Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to his cheek. “Lie with me. You’re tired.”
And, well, if Rosie banged on the xylophone for the next twenty minutes, that meant John picked out a good gift, right? It made her happy, and it was good to stimulate her growing brain (he was sure Sherlock would say that). He supposed the headache he got from the xylophone was worth it, if it meant she liked her first birthday presents.
I thought I'd have Sherlock explain himself in this chapter, but it got too long, so I guess I won't have Sherlock and John full-blown kiss until 50,000 words into the story lol
. This had to mean something. They were standing close, within each other’s personal space, and John felt like his heart was trembling. Maybe--maybe there was something more than friendship in Sherlock’s eyes. His mind flashed back to when he was sobbing into his hand in the middle of the sitting room, and days after smacking the shit out of Sherlock, he had gotten up and embraced him. John remembered the warmth of his large palm cradling the back of his neck, cautiously placing his cheek on top of his head. John had hugged people in the past in a friendly manner--not too often, but he had never received a hug that tender from anyone who wasn’t romantic partner. What if he misread Sherlock all along?
John’s hand settled on his face, thumb stroking his prominent cheekbone. “It was agony, pretending to watch bloody Gordon Ramsay when you were sitting right next to me, sharing the same bloody blanket,” he said. “I wanted to touch you, but wasn’t brave enough.”
He couldn’t do this. Not here. Not now.
Lestrade took the glass from his hands, sighing. “I don’t think getting drunk is the best thing for you--”
Sherlock rearranged the pillow so it leaned against the headboard, and then he sat up a little. “So? How are
“Oh, right.” Sherlock could ignore the stirring in his groin. For a minute.
Mary was furious. “Glad to see this is funny to you.”
“Wait,” John cut in, “‘he’?”
John wanted to kiss his jaw and neck. He was afraid to just dive in, though. “Can I kiss you more?” John asked, and he was surprised by how low his voice was. “Can I kiss your neck?”
Sherlock would have become embarrassed, but John loved him, so he could admit to this. “I may have gotten some outdated advice on romance.”
John giggled again. “You’re silly.”
John took another sip of whiskey from his glass, head spinning. He couldn’t even remember the last time Mary said she loved him. Through the brutal honesty of inebriation, his mind allowed him to say something that had been on the tip of his tongue for a long time. “She was a bad person,” he said to the empty sitting room. He exhaled out his mouth, feeling relieved that he finally said it. Mary was cruel. She was not a good wife. She was not a good mother. She was not a good friend. She was not a good human being. If she hadn’t died, then John wouldn’t have felt so terrible over not loving her. It almost felt like she planned her death specifically to guilt him for the rest of his life. He scowled. As improbable as that seemed, it sounded like her.
timeline, before he married Mary--before he left him, before he hurt him. John knew he didn’t do those things here, but fucking hell, the other Sherlock was out there, hurting. He wanted to go back. He…
“You’re an oaf,” Sherlock said into his chest. He climbed up a bit and wrapped his arm around his chest, tucking his head into the pillow and John’s neck. “You’re boring me.” His lips against John’s neck made his skin break out in gooseflesh.
Sherlock stared at him, eyes sharp, and huffed. “They’re unpleasant,” he said stiffly. “I dream of being injured, and for the past several days, woke up so out of it, it was difficult to grasp what was real.”
“It’s,” Sherlock gritted out, his eyes squeezed shut, brow furrowed, “it’s…”
Sherlock licked his lips. “I’d...known you felt somewhat of an attraction for me, but I thought much of it had to do with my intellect.”
John came to save him. He cared. He did.
John hummed thoughtfully, looking at his laptop. “I went through my blog, too.”
“No! Are you out of your mind?”
“Sher?” he asked hoarsely, opening his eyes. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock kissed him on the mouth. “Okay,” he said meekly against his lips.
“I do,” he said. He hugged Sherlock around the middle and rested his chin on his shoulder, looking out the window with Sherlock.
“Sounds passable,” Sherlock deadpanned.
One of John’s hands smoothed over his chest, stopping at his heart. He bit the inside of his cheek, looking thoughtful. “I know--don’t take this the wrong way--I know you’re not really used to things going right for you.”
A tremor ran through him, but he nodded, still covering his face.
Sherlock broke the kiss, and he gazed at John with red eyes and a pout pushing his bottom lip forward. There was weariness to his face now. “I only wish this happened sooner,” he said quietly, remorsefully.
Sherlock went under the blankets, casting nervous glances towards John.
“No, what is it?” John asked. He didn’t know why Sherlock wasn’t answering his question.
Mary recovered, and her face turned to cold steel. “You’re a disgrace. Goodbye, John.” She didn’t even look at Sherlock.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I was awake already.”
John unlocked the stall and exited the restroom, but he stood outside of the door, not wanting to go back to the table with Mary. His eyes darted around the room.
“Oh.” John tentatively looked up at him.
“We really are,” John slid both hands down to grasp his thin hips, his voice gruff. He noticed Sherlock’s breathing was a little too fast, so he decided to make him laugh. “Can’t believe I’m touching another cock right now.”
John’s mind repeated for the umpteenth time).
“Oh, I really think we do,” she said with a voice like steel.
“Fine.” Irene dialed a number and began talking on the phone.
The last thing he wanted was for Mary to touch his bare body as he changed. “I don’t think so,” he said. “I just need help getting to the loo--my legs are still shite--but I can handle it once I get there.” He didn’t exactly want Mary helping him to the bathroom, either, but he knew that if he tried to walk right now, he would stumble and fall to the ground like a sack of potatoes after a few steps.
him. He really thought Sherlock was going to attack Culverton Smith, and John felt like he needed to snap him out of it, but he was so bloody angry, and once he started hitting him, he couldn’t stop.
John snarled, “Are you fucking serious?”
“It’s new information to me,” Sherlock’s eyelashes fluttered. “It’s not like I’ve had many people pet me like an animal.” He gave a small sigh and sat up. “As much as I’d like to stay in that position, I still can’t lie on my chest too long.”
“Nothing,” Lestrade said innocently.
Sherlock tried, but he was shaky and in pain, and while he felt more sober than he did when he woke up, he still felt completely disoriented. He stumbled, but John caught him.
“It can wait,” he said.
When Sherlock spoke, he sounded a little winded. “It’s okay. You couldn’t control your actions in your sleep, of course.”
Sherlock outright whimpered into his shoulder, hips moving faster.
“Perhaps.”
“Ouch!” John giggled.
“I never do that,” he muttered.
Silence from the other side of the door.
“I don’t know what happened,” he said, “but you do look like you need a drink. It’s whiskey.”
“Really,” John said softly. His eyes traveled down to his lips, but then he looked back up at Sherlock. “I only wish, the first time I heard you say that, it had been for a different reason, and it had been to me,” he said sadly, hand sliding down Sherlock’s arm and resting on top of his hand.
“Hello,” Irene said as she walked into the sitting room, a smile in her voice.
“Okay, close your eyes again.”
So, technically Sherlock hurts himself in this chapter, but it isn't exactly self-harm. Like, he doesn't do it out of depression or self-loathing or anything--you'll see :P I just wanted to give you a heads-up in case you're sensitive to that stuff, but I promise it only lasts for like a second. You could skim over the lines if you want because it's such a short moment.
John shot up, an apology on his tongue, but stopped when he saw Sherlock’s face. His mouth was open, eyes screwed shut and eyebrows drawn together. It was...orgasmic. Wait a minute.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered down at the table.
Sherlock fell silent.
Sherlock had texted. John stared at himself in the mirror. After spending hours blankly staring at his television screen last night, he realized that what bothered him wasn’t the doubt that Mary loved him, but the knowledge that she
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock sad dubiously, watching him.
Then, as if on cue, Rosie’s cries flooded their bedroom from the monitor and they both groaned. The sex situation was not helped by having a baby in the flat. John looked at the clock and was surprised to see it was ten minutes past two. He really had to stop letting his thoughts keep him awake.
“This is a bullet scar,” he observed, frowning deeply.
John sighed. “I don’t mean you’re not extraordinary, Sherlock, because you know you are with that bloody brain of yours. But, your emotions? I know you have them, Sherlock, and they’re not a weakness.”
(btw I'm posting this at 2:20 in the morning so let me know if there are any dumb mistakes)
John exhaled slowly, trying to absorb Sherlock’s words. He busied himself by wetting a cotton ball with rubbing alcohol from his kit. “I’m sorry if this stings,” he said, “but I want to clean the wound.” He pressed the wet cotton ball to Sherlock’s nose.
“Just checking,” John kissed him.
Sherlock breathed in and out slowly, John feeling his chest expand and contract, and kept quiet. John put his hand in his hair, hesitantly running his fingers through the curls. He wanted to say
“Keep doing that.” He slotted his knee in between his legs, thigh pressing up against the warm weight of Sherlock’s bollocks.
“Yeah. Why?”
Sherlock bit his lip, sighing a little, but he didn’t look bothered. “It...felt nice,” he admitted.
Sherlock whimpered into John’s mouth, and he wrapped his arms tightly around his neck, his kisses turning into open-mouthed pants.
“The wound?” John asked.
John kissed him softly, wanting to soothe the tears away. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to his lips, and moved their lips together in a slow, soft glide. His toes curled when the sounds of their kiss filled his ears. This felt right, more than his other first kiss with Sherlock. This was where he belonged. John coaxed Sherlock’s mouth open, shivering when he felt hot breath in his own mouth. Sherlock’s lips were insistent against his, albeit uncoordinated. His warm hand cupped John’s cheek, and his fingers tightened in his short hair. He broke the kiss, let out a harsh breath, and kissed John hard.
Sherlock closed his eyes, the air under the covers becoming humid and making him tired.
Sherlock opened his, and they looked bright blue in the noon sunlight coming into the flat. His knee stopped moving. “Not especially.”
John wakes up in November of 2014
“It’s...a lot,” Sherlock said, “or maybe it’s not. It feels like it is, but logically I know it’s all rubbish.” He stopped himself. “I’m rambling. I hate it when people ramble. I’ll get to the point.”
Thirty minutes later, John carefully placed Sherlock down on their bed.
Mycroft was scowling. “What part of ‘exceptional at her job’ is difficult to understand?”
That made John pause as he bent down to pick up the box. Well, that was unexpected. “But some of these are from people who do like you. Here,” he grabbed Mrs. Hudson’s bouquet, “there’s Mrs. Hudson.”
Rosie’s dark eyes welled with tears and she started crying.
Sherlock felt guilty for hoping whatever happened could benefit him somehow. John was unhappy. That never made him happy. “Hello, John,” he said from behind his book.
“Oh, for god’s sake,” he rolled his eyes. “I did not intend to arrive at your house when I did, Mary, I can
“J--” Sherlock started, but bit his lip hard. He didn’t want to make noise. It was humiliating.
“Of course,” he said into his neck.
“Right,” Sherlock closed the lid of his laptop and put it on the bedside table next to him. He looked around the room. “Hm.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, his pupils blown wide and irises a deep green. His fringe was sticking to his forehead. “John?”
Sherlock rinsed his mouth out and shook his head. “It’s not a problem,” he said, turning to look at John fully.
When they emerged from the bedroom, Lestrade eyed them with skepticism. Sherlock felt exposed. But, he just smiled. “Hello, John. Good to see you up and at ‘em.”
There he goes, offering more compassion than John ever deserved. He needed to get out before he exploded. “It’s been a rough day,” he said vaguely, proud of himself when his voice didn’t tremble.
“I know you’re not dressed under that blanket.”
“Really?”
John threw his jacket on the sofa and cupped Sherlock’s cheeks, kissing him soundly. “Don’t be embarrassed,” he said against his lips. “I think it’s really hot.”
Sherlock's heart stopped. "What kind of action?"
John let out a deep breath, reclining on the sofa. “Your back is on the road to recovery, so far,” he said, starting to feel a little comfortable.
Sherlock did not want to have this conversation, but he knew the answer. “No,” he said, an invisible hand clutching his heart. “I wasn’t in the right mind at all, John. You must understand that.”
Sherlock receives a phone call from his least-favorite ex-assassin.
Sherlock didn’t feel like acknowledging her presence, but was irritated when John’s hands paused.
John sighed a little. “I still think you’re too forgiving of me.”
Sherlock was puzzled by this. Lestrade always liked Rosie, and kids in general, but why did he suddenly want to see her? They weren’t close. He wasn’t sure how much Rosie recognized him.
After Mary shot him without a second of hesitation, Sherlock wouldn’t put anything past her, not even faking a pregnancy and forging ultrasounds. Not anymore. Sherlock had noticed that other than a bump under her baggy clothing, she really didn’t show any signs of pregnancy. He wished he could search her internet history, and see if she purchased a silicon stomach. It bothered him, because if his suspicions were true, then she was deceiving John, and Sherlock wouldn’t let anyone deceive John if he could help it. He had hesitated to tell John, however, because he was already on thin ice after shooting Magnussen and getting high on the plane--two things considered Not Good by John.
“I think it’s happening,” Sherlock said urgently. “I can’t hold it back--”
Her eyes widened. “What year? John, it’s 2014, November of 2014.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered back, and without his brain's permission, he leaned forward and placed his lips on John's again.
John paused. There was a nervousness in Sherlock’s voice. This was the response he wanted to avoid. “I’d like to, but I do need a job, Sherlock.” He really would like to, but it would be irresponsible of him to go running with Sherlock without any financial security for his child. He couldn’t just think of himself anymore. His days with Sherlock of carefree fun were over, and had been since Moriarty took the game too far.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s chest, fingers clenching the soft fabric of his grey T-shirt. This was heavenly. He never felt like this before. He had loved John for years, but never felt this level of
Mary’s shoulders slumped. “I don’t know what you want me to do about that, John. I can’t go back in time and change that,” she said, with an air of self-pity.
Not a single thing could have overridden his lust by that point, and he begged, “Sherlock, please touch me,
Sherlock was relieved when it was time to put Rosie to bed. That was the last time he volunteered to watch children’s programs. His brain felt more damaged by
John nodded dumbly.
Sherlock grinned, and the way his head was turned on the pillow made the curls around his ears push forward, looking like a dark brown, slightly frizzy halo. “Thank you, John.”
Sherlock looked like someone struck him with lightning, and he abruptly shut his eyes with a groan through his clenched teeth. He started thrusting into John’s hand and along his thigh, hips without rhythm, like a teen humping a pillow.
“You’re messier than Rosie.”
“Don’t be sorry,” he said immediately.
“Okay,” John said, and held her so that her head was on his shoulder. “Her room is upstairs, you said?”
Sherlock shook his head. “You hide it quite well.”
“Jesus,” John cursed into the loose curls by his ear, “why’d you dream of that?”
John left them together and marched up the stairs with more determination than he ever had in his life, hiss heart pounding, blood rushing in his ears.
“Goodnight, John.”
“Oh, stop it,” John snickered. “You act like I’m setting you on fire.”
John sat back, giving him room, lead dropping into his stomach when Sherlock sat up as quickly as he could and walked briskly into the bathroom.
To John’s immense relief, the ice melted from Sherlock’s face. “John, no. I don’t want that, either.”
“I know.” He didn’t know what else to say. He tried to shake it off. “It struck me for some reason, but, I don’t know, it’s not important. Go back to sleep. It’s early.”
Culverton scoffed, as if it were a ridiculous thing to say when about the face death. “Be more specific! You only get to do this once.”
He clearly remembered his dream and didn’t want to talk about it, so John didn’t ask. He had a pretty good guess, anyway--it was probably about Mary, or what was done to him in Eastern Europe. He wished Sherlock were comfortable enough to open up to him, though.
Sherlock pursed his lips and his eyes suddenly grew sad. He breathed in deeply, looking like he was collecting himself. “You only saw me a few hours ago,” he tried to joke.
“Nope,” John shook his head. “Hey, turn around. I didn’t get to see enough of your arse.”
Sherlock bit his lip. “It took me by surprise too,” he said, a tinge of humor in his voice.
“Since I became a hero from a romance novel,” he dismissed.
She smiled and grabbed his nose.
Mycroft looked him up and down. “Do you really expect to go home in
tired. “Hm, well I know better than to argue with a genius.”
He wasn’t in the mood to listen to reason. “I’m not going to sleep,” he insisted.
“Were you out in the cold all that time?” Sherlock asked, concern coming into his voice.
“That...sounds stupid, yeah,” John put his hands in his pockets. “It’s just, I dunno, weird to think about. I don’t know a lot of people. You think it could be from a former patient?”
No, and a new body popped up today.
She didn’t flinch. She wore that same calculating look she had in the flat’s sitting room, when he confronted her and Sherlock made excuses for her.
“Hm. I’ll do it anyway, though. Just in case,” John winked.
Then, the overhead lights to the sitting room switched on, and John saw Sherlock. He was standing by the switch next to the entry to the kitchen, in pajama pants and his red dressing gown, shirtless. John would have stared at his chest if he weren’t staring at the revolver in Sherlock’s hand.
“You git. Come on.”
“I told you,” worry entered her tone, “there’s nothing for me in England.” She swallowed. “I wanted a life with you, John, and I could never have that.”
John scolded himself.
“But you’re so funny,” John cupped both of his cheeks, tilting his head to the side and deepening their kiss, warmth pouring into his chest.
Damn. He couldn’t get around this. “I’m planning on going back to work soon,” he said.
Sherlock reached out his hand and touched John’s. “You should unclench your fist.”
His words were daggers right into John’s chest. So much was going through his head right now, but there it was; it didn’t matter what Sherlock’s sexuality was, because he wasn’t interested in romance. John had no chance. Anything resembling hope was gone in an instant.
Sherlock’s eyes were darting around his face. “I’m not sure I believe you.”
John laughed. “You’re a brat. She might not even be there. She doesn’t want to see me at all.”
He felt badly that Sherlock had to play nice with his would-be murderer for him, but John dropped the thought. “Then let’s just fucking leave her in the past,” he let out a deep breath. “We had lives before her, and we’ll have lives with it being just us again. And Rosie.”
(well, trying to read while Rosie tried to stick the corner of the book into her mouth) when Sherlock came downstairs, cheeks pink and eyes bleary.
Sherlock sat down with a
John turned his head and kissed his palm. “Me too.” His heart was thumping.
“I didn’t know how to tell you!” she cried. “It’s--I don’t think it exactly works for you.”
Sherlock moved and kissed him. “It’ll be fine, John.”
“I see the past twelve hours have been productive for you two,” he commented, a bored frown on his face.
Sherlock explains why he pulled away from John
“I’m sorry I wasn’t all there for the first year of your life,” he muttered. “But I’m here now.”
Sure enough, he had boxes in his arms. John was more out of it than he thought. He didn’t exactly sleep well last night, and he wasn’t really sure what to say to Sherlock right now. “Thanks,” he nodded. “Come in.” He wasn’t up for a visit right now, but he couldn’t just turn him away, with Rosie’s presents in her arms and all.
“Sometimes,” John spoke, one of his hands moving to tangle into his messy curls, “I’m so bloody
“I can tell when you’re fibbing,” she taunted.
Irene decided to get up from her (John’s) chair and stroll over to the kitchen table, standing next to John on his right side.
“Don’t deduce me,” John scolded, feeling self-conscious in a way that hadn’t bothered him since he first moved in with Sherlock.
. Sherlock’s jaw dropped. “John...John, what year is it?”
“Mycroft owes me a favor.”
John shook away the voice in his head. “No, you’re not,” he said again. “You--” he huffed. “You…” The fire was quickly leaving him, and John felt tears coming on. He swallowed thickly. “Why do you let me do these things to you?” he whispered harshly. “Why did you take me back, after I beat you to a bloody pulp?” He looked at the mark on Sherlock’s eyebrow, which was healing, but still visible. “How could you do that? I’ve been terrible and--”
Mary grabbed his knee. “I’m worried about you! What’s going on? Please tell me.”
John erupted into surprised giggles. “Get off me, you great, big sod!”
Even though he was more open than before his amnesia, he was still the same old John.
“I love you,” he said firmly.
John gulped. “I see.”
John raised an eyebrow, his hand dropping to his side. “No, you’re not. What happened during the walk from the sitting room to here?”
It came to a head that night.
John sighed in exasperation, and finally, a tear escaped his left eye. “This is what I’m talking about. You
sound and removed her hand. His hand looked gigantic compared to hers. “Now, now, you know that isn’t nice,” he reprimanded. “Your daddy wouldn’t like that.”
The problem was that John really, really wanted to have sex with Sherlock, but he didn’t know how to initiate any sexual interaction with him. Now he knew that Sherlock did want to have sex (John mentally smacked himself for believing he was too much like a machine to feel sexual desire at one point), but they had been through so damn much. They spent years forcing themselves to shut down and not touch each other, and it was proving to be a difficult habit to break. Kissing was fine; kissing was comfortable and sweet and wet and just a tiny bit hot, but they stopped and cooled down when things started to get intense. John wanted to touch him so badly, had spent years imagining Sherlock’s naked body pressed against his, and yet he felt as apprehensive as a virginal teenager.
he felt eyes on him. He paused his reading, looking up and finding John staring at him from his armchair. They hadn’t spoken in awhile. Actually, Sherlock lost track of time reading. Rosie was blinking slowly, her weight warm and a little heavier than usual against his chest. He realized he was boring her to sleep. Oops. “Yes?” he asked lightly.
Sherlock was in his pajamas, and dark, red blood was soaking a section of his T-shirt, right by his sternum, below his chest and high on his ribcage. The image of Sherlock on the floor of Magnussen’s office flashed before his eyes, because the wound was in the exact same spot, and John knew that he had to act
Tears were spilling from his eyes, and he was glad Sherlock couldn’t see. “This will probably sting,” he whispered. He got one of the damp towels and wiped the small trickle of blood that was going down his lower back, and gently, slowly moved up to the cut responsible. Sherlock tensed beneath his hand.
“Whatever you say,” John humored him. “Well,
“I was so fucking terrified,” John whispered. “I knew she was doing something terrible to you.”
and thankfully for the both of them, the thought remained unspoken. “So fucking sorry I was upset!”
John squeezed his fingers. “Yeah. Yeah, they really do, don’t they?”
“Figured. What will you do next time you see him? You can’t avoid him forever.”
“She’ll never admit to being wrong,” Sherlock muttered. “She’ll believe she was wronged by us until her grave.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, deducing through the cloud of morphine, eyes scanning John. “I think,” he spoke softly, “if you were to put your mind to being there for a baby, you would. You don’t give up on people you care for.”
Sherlock could only see her feet and legs because he was on his side, and his head was pounding too much for him to look up at her. He felt something on his forehead, like blood, and wondered if Mary smashed his head harder than he thought. It would explain the ringing and the nausea. His stomach felt like bile was sloshing around, and--god, it was all coming up. His esophagus burned suddenly and he spit up blood. It must have been from the kicks to his abdomen.
“Still being romantic,” John sniffed, hoping his eyes didn’t look as wet as they felt. They kissed softly but deeply, his hand finding its way into Sherlock’s thick curls again, stroking them. Sherlock emitted a relaxed hum against his lips, and John did this to him. Sherlock was naked and kissing and cuddling in bed, and this was because of John. He felt like he hit the jackpot of life. He imagined Sherlock would roll his eyes and think he was corny for mentally saying that.
“It's best to stay on your back, though.” It was nice to have Sherlock talking more like himself, even though it came at a price. “I know you’re in pain,” John leaned forward, elbows on his knees, “but I think I’m going to talk to the nurses about keeping your morphine this low from now on--”
“I should’ve protected you,” he cried into Sherlock’s bare shoulder, his tears dampening the skin. “That bitch tried to kill you once. Why did I think she’d leave us alone?”
His eyes opened. “Don’t be a fool,” he scowled.
Sherlock looked away, his chest expanding and contracting with a long sigh. “I didn’t much care for her,” he confessed. “She shot me for trying to help her, and I didn’t like the way she treated you. However, I didn’t think you would have appreciated my comments, so I kept them to myself.”
Just then, Sherlock’s phone rang. He sat up on his elbows and looked at his phone on the bedside table, wondering and if it were John. From there, he saw that Mary was calling him. He immediately felt uneasy. Mary never called him. They never talked. Sherlock thought that she may have been calling because something bad happened to John, so he grabbed his phone and answered the call.
Sherlock’s breath hitched. “What?”
around him. It was stupid, but he felt like for a few minutes, nothing could go wrong. This was why he was doing this. He knew having John would make his heart soar.
. The intensity in his stare was almost frightening. “I don’t know how many times I’ve made it clear that women aren’t my area, but apparently that wasn’t transparent enough for you,” he pointed his finger. “So, since I need to talk to you like I talk to Rosie, I’ll break it down for you. I. Am. Gay. Do you understand now?”
“I told them you had to leave for circumstances which are none of their business.”
His kindness felt like a dagger in his chest. They had to talk. They had to talk. They had to--“No, I’m fine. Night, Sherlock.”
Not only was this not the response John was expecting, but it was unnerving. “Uh, yeah.” He cleared his throat. There was something about the look on Sherlock’s face that was familiar.
“You’re a fool.”
“Half past two.”
want to end his friendship with Sherlock, which would leave him with no spouse and no best friend. John did not have friends--neither of them really did apart from each other. Telling the truth would involve destroying John’s primary social relationships.
“But as you said,” he continued, “you know I’m here, and that I’m quite happy, I assure you. I know we have no control over our dreams--I dreamt of Mary when I was high in the hospital, and I wish I hadn’t--but the consistency is unusual.”
“Sorry,” he said, even though he said it before. There was too much guilt clawing at his chest.
“Hmm.”
“Seriously,” Sherlock opened his eyes.
His brow furrowed. “No. Why would she be?”
He cleared his throat. He couldn’t do this tonight. “I think I’m gonna go to bed.” No, Sherlock deserved an apology--a thousand apologies! He had to stop. He had to think of someone else’s feelings for once. He should say it all now. His tongue was already loosened from the alcohol.
Sherlock laughed through his nose. “Of course.” He opened his eyes, a hint of hesitancy in his gaze. “Can we do it one more time?”
Sherlock felt so sick with anxiety that he snapped. “Yes!” he burst out, waving his arms in the air, which must have made him look like a cartoon character. After all of this, John
John held his hand, lacing their fingers together, and kissed him fiercely. “God, I love you, Sherlock,” he whispered. “Please, I need you tonight.”
The afterglow of sex was the main time John ever told Mary he loved her, actually. “What was I going to say, that I didn’t love you anymore?”
“Mint,” he said dumbly, because one word was all his brain was capable of producing.
Sherlock shook his head. “No one understands me better than you, John.”
Sherlock kissed his cheek and nuzzled his ear, sighing happily. “Come on, John, let go.”
John gently licked his way past the seam of his lips into his mouth. Sherlock was vaguely aware of the surprised moan he emitted when John’s tongue touched his. It was hotter and wetter than he had anticipated, making him tighten his grasp of John’s hips. But just as soon as he felt it, John’s tongue was gone, sliding out of his mouth, and they were back to lip-to-lip contact. Sherlock had no problem with just kissing on the lips, none at all, and he tried deepening the kiss by applying more pressure. It seemed to work, since the hand on the side of his neck tightened ever so slightly.
She looked like she wanted to insult Sherlock, but then pressed her lips together. Instead, she asked, “Sherlock, why are there surveillance cameras, and why is one of your brother’s men lingering across the street?”
Sherlock nodded towards the note.
“Definitely,” John agreed.
“You’re cute,” John whispered against his lips.
Instead, the tension in John’s muscles visibly disappeared, almost like he had been a puppet and someone finally cut his strings, his knees almost buckling. He took three unsteady steps towards Sherlock and firmly wrapped his arms around him, warm hand on his neck and his other arm wrapped around his back.
His cheekbone hurt and his head was swimming. It felt like waves were rolling through his stomach and he closed his eyes with a grimace.
John’s arms tightened around him. “What am I gonna do with you?” he whispered. “You drive me mad.” He sniffed. “Don’t leave me again.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said seriously. “I always knew your body had to be like the rest of you.”
Culverton had said to Sherlock as he prepared to murder him.
Thank you so much for over 800 kudos!!!!!!!!!! I can't believe it. Most of my finished stories have never even gotten so many kudos! I'm really thrilled. Thank you <3
John decided to occupy his time with unpacking what he retrieved from Mary’s place, and arranging it all around his room. It took more time than he thought it would have, because right as he looked around, surveying the room, there was a light knock on his door.
“You’re the only person who knows about this outside of my family,” Sherlock said faintly.
“I can dry myself,” he muttered.
Mycroft looked a little uncomfortable. “Well, I won’t repeat the expletives, but Ms. Morstan is angry you chose a man over her.”
“Of course you’re not,” John said with a smile in his voice, and the expression on his face would have been beautiful to Sherlock if it hadn’t been in response to him
John gave him a couple experimental strokes, almost moaning, himself, when he felt Sherlock harden beneath his hand, and
John felt himself getting hard. He pressed their hips together experimentally and was pleasantly surprised to be met with a bulge. They both broke apart, looking down.
John left the building, and he looked up to see Sherlock playing his violin at the window.
“I said it’s fine!” John snapped.
“But let’s talk more about you,” Culverton said. “That John Watson really means a lot to you.” It wasn’t a question.
As tired as he was, he stayed awake until he felt John’s muscles relax against him and his breathing grow heavy. He could feel the slow movements of John’s chest against his back. It was soothing. Despite the thoughts threatening to rear their ugly head, exhaustion washed over him.
He calmed down, but his expression was less troubled now. “Okay.”
John pressed his lips together. “You felt--things, for her, but you still worked through it.”
Until the next morning.
“Hm, I suppose so,” Sherlock said. “She’d still learn more with me than at any insipid daycare.”
A week passed uneventfully, John still unsure of what to even say to Sherlock anymore, and Sherlock working on various experiments. John got the impression Sherlock was walking on eggshells around him, and he hated that. This was Sherlock’s home; if he were uncomfortable, he had the right to say something to John.
“Oi!”
“Don’t be.” He paused. “She’s the one who shot Sherlock.”
“I can help you,” Mary said, leaning down and wrapping her arms around his torso. She lifted him up into a sitting position, placing a cool hand on his cheek and putting the other firmly on his shoulder. Her lipsticked lips pulled up into a smile. “See? There you are.”
“Stop laughing at me,” Sherlock grumbled.
He sent a text:
John snorted. “Trust me, Sherlock, I don’t want to spend much time over there.”
John cleared his throat. “I did,” he confirmed. “I’m not proud of it. I never wanted to break our vows.”
Sherlock was staring at him. He drew back his hand. “You shaved.”
John ran a hand through his damp curls, giving him time. His own heart was still beating fast and he felt a little overwhelmed. He’d just had sex with the man of his dreams.
she was. She lied, and lied, and lied,” he said in exasperation. “She left me and her baby without any consideration for how her bloody James Bond run away mission would impact us. She was selfish, and she had convinced me that she was different, and I fell for it. But, I’ve done a lot of thinking, and you know what? She wanted to do nothing but hurt us, especially you. I think she hated you,” he said bluntly, “and I could never forgive her for that, or shooting you. I’m tired of her ruining us, and I want to leave her in the past.” He took a breath. He rambled a bit, there.
“Oh?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow curiously. He was still drowsy, but seemed to be the tiniest bit less out of his head. John figured that he might have his morphine dosage lowered tomorrow. “Was it about Mary again?” he asked, a touch of sourness in his voice.
“Sure I can,” he said. “She’ll complain and scold me and do it in the end.”
John placed a hard but brief kiss on his lips. “I don’t wanna do too much,” he said. “Don’t want to get too heated, y’know?”
“Sherlock?” John asked, and noticed his breathing was heavy, too. “You okay?”
Ah. Right. That would be unhygienic. “Of course,” he said, immediately breaking their hug and the thick tension in the air, getting up, and going to the loo. He caught a glimpse of how red his face was in the mirror as he brushed his teeth. He couldn’t help it. Opening up to John was still hard, as much as he loved him. But, he owed John the truth about his feelings, since it was the only truth he was going to get for some time.
John felt a little smugger than he should have over that. He snorted. “God, to think I thought you were in love with a dominatrix.”
“Am I that irresistible?” he joked lightly.
And he hated himself for it.
“Oh, when he woke up, he said ‘Mary.’ Does he know a Mary?”
Sherlock’s silence made John uneasy. He was always silent when truly in pain...no. No, that wasn’t always true. John remembered how Sherlock was animated and larger than life while ridiculously, dangerously high on the Culverton Smith case. Molly said it herself; he had been dying. He had to have been in pain, but he completely ignored it.
John didn’t think things ever felt this domestic in 221B again after Sherlock came back in the other timeline, and he felt a bit of hope. Maybe it would take time, but they would get on the right track. They maybe could have the life they were meant to live. They had all the time in the world, right?
“No,” John said quickly. “No. Sorry, I didn’t mean to get you nervous. I only wish we’d gotten together sooner.”
Sherlock moved slowly up the stairs. Should he tell him now? The sitting room was empty, so he went back into the bedroom. “John?”
“I’m glad you saw me through that obnoxious episode I had,” Sherlock turned his head to face him. “And for giving me a second chance.”
“C’mere,” John whispered, and without warning, he pulled Sherlock into an embrace.
Okay I'm going to bed goodnight I hope you liked this
“I love you,” John said.
John wrapped his strong arms around Sherlock’s waist and slowly stood up, bringing Sherlock with him. Sherlock’s legs wobbled and he clutched the front of John’s jacket for support.
Sherlock placed a hand on his thigh reassuringly. He didn’t know that bothered John. Perhaps he’d ask him about it later.
Remembering how he responded yesterday, John’s thumb smoothed over Sherlock’s nipple.
“Bloody gazelle legs,” John shifted and pulled the blankets up more. He gave a small laugh, wearing a disbelieving expression. “Sharing a bed with Sherlock Holmes.”
The squawk of joy Mrs. Hudson let out startled Rosie.
He’d been dreaming for the past six days. He didn’t know how to stop it. How could one control their dreams? Was it even possible? He had to tell Sherlock. It was weirding him out.
“You don’t deserve Sherlock’s kindness or his flat’s protection.” He wanted to scream at her, but he was already making a scene.
He swallowed a hard lump, the weight on his chest pressing down harder. He somehow thought that John wouldn’t have wanted to have sex again with Mary for a while, because...because...He didn’t know. He just thought...something. He couldn’t put his thought into cohesion. He just thought
Sherlock’s head was ducked slightly, looking up at him from under his lashes. “Yes. We could try that.” His Adam’s apple bobbed.
“John, you came after all,” her red smile twinkled at him. She was naked, but still had a full face of makeup on. What a fool he was for trying to look presentable.
Sherlock nodded. “My revolver is my sock drawer.”
“Almost all. It was weird, reading my own words but not really remembering the events. It seems like I don’t post nearly as much as I used to.”
John was about ten feet away from him, holding the note in his hands, looking around with apprehension. He looked to his left and turned away, his back now facing Sherlock.
“Surely there’s someone,” he offered.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed and his plump lips were parted, his T-shirt expanding over his chest with each slow inhale. His features were smoothed out and lax, and it was nice to see him at ease. John couldn’t remember the last time he saw Sherlock like this.
“Why?” John asked, still speaking at a normal volume. “So you can tell me how fun it was to sneak up on a man and shoot him in his own bloody bedroom?”
John did. “Uh, by the way, do we--touch each other in our sleep?” he asked in the dark.
Nothing sounded more perfect. “
It reminded John of when Sherlock thanked him for wishing him a happy birthday, thanked him for a simple act of kindness. He didn’t need to thank John for deeming him worthy of love and happiness. “Right. Goodnight,” John said stiffly.
and when he gently teethed at his nipple, he brought up one of his hands to begin to tease the other.
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeey thanks for all the kudos! I'm so happy you guys like this story so far, because I really like writing it!
“Feeling what?”
“No,” he replied seriously. “I’m always focused on you.”
His eyes fluttered open, and then shut. His head lolled on the pillow towards Sherlock. He blinked his eyes open again, his gaze bleary, unfocused, and confused. A deep wrinkle formed in between his eyebrows, and somehow, he got paler. “Sh-Sherlock?” he rasped.
“Shuh,” Rosie said when she saw Sherlock. “Shuh, shuh-ra.”
he thought joyfully. This time yesterday, he had a miserable, piercing pain in his chest. If only he’d known that John wasn’t going to reject him. He still couldn’t quite believe it. They had sex last night (well, it was technically sex, but it was more like Sherlock whined through a handjob and John did all the work). Sherlock’s face heated when he remembered how awkward he had been, but it had been glorious, too, because John said he had enjoyed it. He remembered their conversation, and John looking into his eyes as Sherlock told him that he wanted to take care of him. Sherlock didn’t know how he was brave enough to say all of that, but he was glad he did.
She looked at him, dark eyes startled. “What?”
Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. For someone who loved to get the last word in, at times, Sherlock could be deafeningly silent.
He was
John wanted to kiss his blush. He kissed the underside of his jaw softly, lips moving slowly and firmly. The stubble Sherlock hadn’t shaved away tingled at his lips, and he kissed harder, hand sliding down to his waist. The hand cradling John’s head tightened in his hair. John, as lightly as he could, opened his mouth and sucked the thin, sensitive skin.
He was a monster.
Sherlock licked his lips, eyes flickering down. “Right,” he said wistfully. Then, he looked down at himself. “Oh god, look at me,” he gasped, half in disgust, and half in what sounded like awe, like he never believed he would be like this.
“Da!” she smiled when she saw him. “Nana.”
“She liked to get under my skin and tease me. Sleeping in my bed--without me in it, mind you--was one of her tactics.”
want?”
“What? You and Mary are getting divorced?”
He averted his gaze, looking at the note crumpled in John’s hand instead of his face. “I need to tell you something about Mary.”
“You what?” John’s brow furrowed. “You didn’t go on a case?”
John crossed his leg over his knee, starting to relax a little. “Hmm. Well, I’m glad you think so.” Smile fading to a frown, he said, “She was right, though. If she didn’t do everything she did, I would feel more sorrier for her. I did treat her like a replacement. I met her when you were gone, and I still didn’t think I could have you when you came back.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Honestly, John, don’t be ridiculous,” was all he said.
“Mmm, John?” Sherlock asked through the kiss.
“I’ll put this in my room,” he said. “She won’t find it there.” He walked out of the room.
Sherlock looked down at his lap, suppressing a smile.
John walked over with socks and put them on Sherlock’s feet. “That should make you at least a little warmer.”
kicked his heart, and Sherlock lowered John’s hand from his face, and he held it in both of his larger hands. “How could I not?” he asked softly.
John smirked. “Hot soup?”
“Does he need to go to the hospital?” a female voice asked.
While John was occupied with Rosie, Sherlock sent text messages to Lestrade and Molly, telling them that John’s memory was gone and he thought they were married. They were just as shocked as Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock normally had no problem lying to them, and he was feeling less uncomfortable this time around than when he told Mrs. Hudson, until Lestrade texted,
Sherlock sat up, allowing John to sit down, and then placed his head on John’s muscular thighs, looking up at him. “Hello.”
Sherlock sat up, eyes growing wide. “Did I come on your
Sherlock blinked, surprised and feeling exposed. “Well...yes,” he admitted slowly. He supposed he should talk about this. Maybe John would keep this in mind and be less angry when the truth came out. (What a deluded thought.) He folded his hands on top of his lap nervously. “I did think it was all stupid and pointless before you, and even after we met but before we got together. I, resented romance, because I couldn’t have it with you.” It was hard to tell him this, to tear down the wall and have his heart beating on the bed between them. “I resented what I felt, specifically. However, you made me want all that, no matter how hard I tried to suppress it.”
He stared into space, only realizing now that the television was still on from before. A feeling of finality overtook him. That was it, wasn’t it? He saw these visions until he figured it out. He was going to be sent back, wasn’t he? This brought fresh tears to his eyes. He briefly wondered what the fuck the point of this was, but he knew that he would have never made a move on the other Sherlock if this didn’t happen. If he stayed in his original world, life would have gone on unhappily. If fate existed, and John had a destiny, then it would be to make both Sherlocks happy.
“Oh, for god’s sake,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, “what does
“I’m not. It’s for myself.”
Sherlock remembered the only time they got drunk together on his stag night. John wasn’t looking at him like this back then, or was he? Sherlock had been inebriated, himself, so he couldn’t tell.
“You’re not responsible for anything she’s done,” Sherlock said through a pained gasp. “That’s absurd.”
John’s fingernails dug into his palm. “Dunno. A lot happened last night.”
Well that chapter wound up being a really longer conversation lol. I wanted this Sherlock to react differently than the other one, but he's still pretty damaged from s3 and 4, you know?
“I think you’re mistaken. I think romance can do you wonders.”
“I love you,” he stated simply.
“Remember when he kidnapped you and strapped a bomb to your chest?”
"Absolutely not," Sherlock said immediately. "If I thought so, I would tell you."
“Yes, I think it should be fine,” she said. “Unfortunately, there’s nothing more we can do here to help his amnesia, and aside from muscle weakness, he’s in perfect physical condition. He just needs to exercise to get his strength back and combat potential muscle atrophy, but I think he’ll do that better outside of here.”
The anger was still there, but a smidgen of softness entered his eyes. “Are you sure
“Really?” he asked.
“John?” A voice soft and sweet like velvet filled his ears.
Those acts were so simple that Sherlock almost felt embarrassed to admit he loved doing that. “Yes.”
“Hey,” John greeted, voice wonderfully deep and rough from sleep. “You’ve been staring into space and petting me for two minutes, you know.”
“Sorry,” John said immediately. “Sorry, I know you’re--”
Sherlock’s cool eyes were on him. “Are you sure that drug didn’t mess with your head, John?”
There was a hint of confusion in the furrow between Sherlock’s eyebrows. “I’m not sure if I respect her, either. I don’t know the word for how I regard her.”
As anxious as he was to get back to the hospital, John couldn’t deny how good it felt to wash away the previous days’ sweat and grunge. The hot water was a blessing to his shoulders and back, and for a moment, John let himself stand under the stream with his eyes closed and just breathe. While drying himself in the bathroom, John caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. The bags under his eyes were more pronounced than usual, his eyes red from sleep deprivation, and stubble was all over his jaw. He didn’t have the time to shave, though, and quickly dressed into jeans and his most comfortable jumper, thinking that he would be at the hospital for awhile again, and stuffed his wallet and phone charger awkwardly into his pocket.
Sherlock realizes he's cornered, and the only thing he can do is confess
John’s face softened and a small furrow appeared between his eyebrows. He put his hand on top of Sherlock’s. “Sorry for ever calling you a machine,” he said sadly.
“Your head’s all right now?”
“Sherlock,” John called.
he wake up?
John looked at the wall again, silent for a long moment. “I need some time to think,” he said, an indirect command to leave.
He nodded. “I know now.”
Sherlock puffed out his chest. “No, I’m Sherlock,” he grumbled.
“Something’s bothering you,” he said, totally bored. “Sherlock’s right. Your face is an open book.”
The rest of the day was quiet. John wanted to focus on Rosie once she woke up, so Sherlock told him all of her favorite toys, games, foods, and television shows. John listened intently and fed her and played with her all day--or, he attempted to play with her. He was still a bit lost, but he was trying, and Sherlock admired him for that. Suddenly being told you had a child and going to meet her that day was a lot to deal with, but John was rising up to the occasion. Sherlock knew he would.
...is that me?”
He closed his eyes with a shuddering breath, two hot tears rolling down his flushed cheeks. He hated this. If only he had used his brain like normal people did, he would have put the pieces together and not barge in on them. Sherlock had no idea seeing the man he loved be intimate with another person would have such a strong effect on him, but he supposed it was to be expected, considering how much he loved him. He could never forget this. It would forever be burned into his memory. He didn’t want to remember. He didn’t want to think of this incident every time he saw John.
John slowly lapped, tongue circling and then running over the hard nub beneath his lips. He felt Sherlock’s chest move up and down as he gasped for air above him. John didn’t know Sherlock was capable of sounding this
The warmth in his chest from John’s kiss dripped away. “Of course I did.” Did John have these thoughts when he returned in 2014? Sherlock hesitated, then put his hand on his shoulder. “It wasn’t as if I forgot you and went on holiday, John.”
“Your point?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock turned on his heel to go into the kitchen, but he paused. “John, who’s Rosie?” he asked.
“Must you take photos of food?” Sherlock asked tiredly.
Today, John had left Rosie with Sherlock while he went to Tesco to pick up a few things. When he came back, he heard Sherlock’s deep voice murmuring above high-pitched babbling. John walked upstairs, head cocked to the side curiously. He came into the sitting room, but Sherlock must not have heard him. He was standing in front of the window, holding Rosie by his hips, and pointing to the people down below. He was still in his red dressing gown from this morning, and Rosie was still in her fluffy elephant pajamas. She was looking at Sherlock with interest.
John reached under the table and placed a hand on his knee. “It was hard for me to admit I was attracted to a man.” It was something he’d never confessed before, not to any therapist. His chest was tight. “But…” He put a smirk on his face, trying to ease the tension. “You’re just that sexy, I guess.”
Sherlock nodded silently. He turned his head and looked him straight in the eye, his gaze exhausted but unwavering. “I’ve never loved anyone like I love you.”
Sherlock hummed, the faintest hint of a grin on his lips. “I haven’t seen you this blunt and determined in years, perhaps. It reminds me of when we first met.”
“John,” he spoke clearer, but kept his voice soft.
Sherlock looked uninterested. “Be a dear and give me your phone, John. I’ll be bored until I can leave.”
He was met with a humid cloud of steam, the room so warm that John’s chest started to feel kind of tight. Through the steam, he saw Sherlock’s hand reaching out from behind the curtain, but it was oddly low.
“Nothing, but Mycroft hates musicals.”
the way he ever wanted John to find out. It was like his worst nightmare came true.
“Sherlock!” John laughed, covering his face with both of his hands.
“Why are people idiots?” Sherlock asked nonchalantly. “But, that’s not important. We get to go home tonight.”
“Sherlock?” John stood up, getting worried.
Maybe it was a trick of the light, but John thought that Sherlock’s blush was deepening down to his chest. “Well, usually, yes,” John conceded. “But, we’ve never exactly been normal friends, have we?” he joked.
John wished he would have left Mary after she shot Sherlock.
His thoughts were going into a dangerous place very quickly. He rubbed the towel through Sherlock’s thick hair, the only sounds in the room of their faint breathing. His hands moved in small circles, and he wanted to remove the towel and tangle his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. He’d wanted to do that for years. The tip of his thumb wound up brushing against some of Sherlock’s hair, and it felt ridiculously soft.
John stood up, looked like he was about to say something, eyes filled with guilt, and then utterly deflated. He walked out of the flat, shutting the door quietly behind him.
John spoke, “You know, I don’t think we need some elaborate plan to deal with her. Know what I think we should do?”
John tilted his head up, a dreamy look on his face. “Hm, nope. Just sweet.” He planted a kiss on Sherlock’s chin. He licked his lips. “We still have our coats on," he said randomly.
“Why’d you come in, anyway?”
“Why the hesitation?”
John sucked in a breath. “Can you--?” Even though he had sex with Sherlock before, he felt a little self-conscious asking this. “Can you touch the tip?”
As if on cue, they locked eyes.
Sherlock wished his anger would go away. He sighed deeply, his lungs finally feeling normal. He looked over at the police officer. “Well, are you going to take him away?”
“You shouldn’t be held accountable for whatever mistake I make,” Sherlock said, puzzled. “Obviously.”
John tried to keep himself awake for the rest of the night, but his head was on the uninjured side of Sherlock’s chest as he texted rapidly, muttering to himself about the cases, and his deep voice and heartbeat against John’s ear made his eyes slip shut against his will. He kept blinking awake, but Sherlock, the caring bastard, started to stroke his hair slowly and type with one hand.
Sherlock frowned at the ice pack. “I’m still cold.”
“John, what’s wrong?” Sherlock asked.
“Neither have I.”
want a few days off? I don’t blame you, but it’s not like you.”
