Sherlock turns around and Mycroft somehow is both surprised and unsurprised that there are tears in Sherlock’s eyes. “Why... why does he love... why doesn’t he love me enough to take me with him?”
Shakily, Sherlock reaches out and immediately John responds, extending his own hand. They bridge the gap between their chairs and hold onto each other. Sherlock finally gives John a sincere smile and nods. “I love you too, John.”
“John. Since we met, you have seen me in both the manic and depressive periods and accepted everything that I am. But what if the depression and the bipolar disorder is what the me that you know is, then without the depression, I could be a different person. If I wasn’t everything I... If I am not everything you think I am... would... would you still love me?”
While John and Sherlock are reuniting, Lestrade and Sally are walking through the back alleys of London after a tip from Wiggins on Rosie’s whereabouts.
“No!” Lestrade rushes to the side to look over, but there’s no sign of Janice Small resurfacing. “Get people out there to recover her body now!”
His phone starts ringing and he glances at the screen. “It’s Molly,” he announces to Sherlock as he picks up. “Hey Molly.”
His mind races back through the past half year to the night that Mary was killed. He had returned back to Baker Street prepared to do everything to keep John, but when he arrived, Mary was no where to be seen. Instead there was blood and John standing there with a gun in his hands. Immediately, Sherlock took the gun from John and ordered him to go to his old professor’s house who he had run into at the market the other day and she had mentioned that she was looking for a part time caregiver. John would be able to hide out in Woking. He bustled John out and promised that he would get the Homeless Network to send Rosie to join him.
When Sherlock realized the truth, he had immediately run back to Baker Street and he would be greeted by nobody. Mycroft waits for a hour before requesting his driver to take him to Baker Street. There are no sounds from the upper floor as Mycroft climbs the stairs. Sherlock speaks as soon as Mycroft walks into the flat. “You knew...”
His thoughts jerked to a stop when John spoke up. Sherlock raised his eyes again and takes a couple of deep breaths. “Sorry, John,” he said. “What was it you were going to say?”
Lestrade wants to stop her as she leaves the office, but he's frozen. This can't be true. Not sweet Rosie.
Mycroft doesn’t reply and Sherlock turns back to his violin. Sensing his dismissal, Mycroft gives Sherlock a quick nod and turns towards the door.
“Dead in the mortuary, but estimated time of death is only 2a.m. this morning, so yeah, I guess she was alive.”
He looks up at Sherlock with his dark blue eyes and Sherlock knows that John can read everything in him, that there’s no hidden motivation in his heart, and that John just wishes the best for him. Quite honestly, it terrifies him. It’s like a rush from drugs or the high after a case, but it’s even better than that.
“There was a murder and the body was sent here, I was hoping that you could put a rush on the autopsy.”
“Nothing!” Rosie says immediately, rubbing her nose. After a pause, she sighs and looks at Sherlock. “I did it again!”
Holding his breath, Lestrade spreads the pictures out in front of Sherlock again. “Look. We found him dead, see? Thaddeus Sherman. He has a tattoo on his ankle and it was the same one that Mary had tattooed on hers. He had just texted someone asking about a location before his death. Then he dies unexpectedly. Here’s the crime scene photos, look at them Sherlock! Please! Save yourself! For John and Rosie.”
Sherlock scowls, but there is a glimmer of laughter in his eyes. Looking down, the smile disappears. “Where did you get this?” Sherlock asks, picking up the necklace that Rosie identified as Janice Small’s.
“First you’re going to have to find the real killer,” John says bitterly. “And how are you going to do that? Sherlock wiped the gun of prints before I left and it’s been months since the murder.”
But Sherlock is already moving, fumbling through his sparse belongings. John has to laugh at the odds and ends that Sherlock must have horded during his imprisonment. He finally finds a piece of wire and twists it into a ring, and wraps the ends with a stray piece of thread. Grinning triumphantly, he picks up John’s hand and says, “John Watson, will you marry me?”
“It’s been two months Sherlock,” he muses aloud. “If you don’t say anything soon, your court day will come up and surely the jury will find you guilty. After Mary’s death, we haven’t been able to find John or Rosie.”
He jumps at the familiar voice and the gun disappears. Turning around, he breaks into a grin when he sees the familiar face of John Watson, though like Sherlock, it looks like John hasn’t been sleeping or eating very well. John guiltily tucks his gun back into his waistband. “How did you find me?”
Of course, he doesn’t suddenly feel the dark moods disappear forever or all the depression release its claws on him, but John’s smile is enough to make it feel worth it.
“So suppose that Rosie saw the killer, why did she run?” Lestrade asks as they start walking through the dark alley ways.
Sherlock’s lips twitched into a smile and he nods in acknowledgment. “I guess I would have to say your adequate police work did do wonders for my stint in prison.”
Sherlock’s feet pound on the London pavement as he rushes through the streets desperately trying to get to Baker Street before... he’s not sure.
For the first time in months, Lestrade sees a change in Sherlock’s expression. Slowly Sherlock’s brow is furrowing and he blinks slowly a couple of times.
Mycroft often said that it would take Sherlock Holmes to trick him, but he knows it also takes Mycroft Holmes to fool Sherlock. Perhaps some day, Mycroft will tell Sherlock if he hasn’t found them by then. But for now, Sherlock Holmes is in back where he belongs in two hundred and twenty one B Baker Street.
“I... Mary just came home out of the blue and everything was so wrong. Sherlock ran off and I went after him but I couldn’t find him. I returned to Baker Street, but when I got there.... there was blood everywhere. There was a gun on the table and I picked it up. It was still warm. Then Sherlock walked in too. He saw me with the gun and he demanded I leave right then and there. He gave me Professor Phelps’ address and took the gun. Sher... Sherlock told me that I should not contact him or protest in any sort of way.”
“Those were my thoughts exactly,” Sherlock declares. “While I was in solitary, I spent my time in my mind palace and I made a whole different life with an imaginary you. We had Rosie in our arms, and Mr. Hudson downstairs, Lestrade came with cases, Mycroft watched us with public surveillance cameras.”
Lestrade wants to jump up and down in celebration, but he manages to keep it down as he says, “Yes, for Rosie. You’re Sherlock Holmes, so solve this case.”
“Fun!” Rosie explains about her day as Sherlock starts dinner. A little while later, they are sitting at the table for supper, Rosie chattering about random things.
“Sorry, Père,” Rosie says, lifting her gaze from the table. “I was hungry and you were taking a long time with Granny Hudson, so I ate the last biscuit.”
“No, rather... disappointed in your inability to tell a lie,” Sherlock muses, taking a sip of his tea.
Molly Hooper is there, sitting in a chair and clutching her third coffee since she had arrived at the station with Dimmock less than a hour ago. Her hands are shaking so badly that Sally isn’t sure if it’s because of the shock or the caffeine.
It takes John a moment to find an answer and his answer comes out slow and steady when he replies, “I want you to be happy and I think the antidepressants will help.”
She stops her thrashing and looks up at the familiar face. “Uncle Greg?” she asks nearly in wonder. As he nods, she looks down. “Are you here to arrest me?”
“Bye Sherlock,” Molly says as the guard starts to usher them out of the room, but they stop as Sherlock calls out John’s name once more.
A soft whisper stops him in his tracks and he looks back at Sherlock’s back. He’s holding a ring, tracing it reverently with his finger. After a long moment, he slips the ring onto his left ring finger and nods to himself. When he speaks, Sherlock’s voice is so quiet that Mycroft nearly doesn’t hear what he says over the bustle of London outside.
Sally feels sorry for her as Molly cowers under Dimmock’s harsh gaze. “He said... he said something about he would get John back no matter what,” she mumbles, unable to look anywhere except for the bottom of her coffee.
Sherlock sits in his chair, rolling the bottle back and forth thoughtfully in his palms. The sound of the pills rattles like thunder as he thinks... and thinks...
John’s face softens and he breaks out into an honest smile. “I love everything you were, everything you are and everything you will be,” he promises and he kisses the top of Sherlock’s head as he stands up, returning to his seat across from Sherlock.
Lestrade nods and when the guard leaves, he turns he attention to Sherlock. “Hey, Sherlock,” he says softly but firmly. “How have you been?”
John gave him a reassuring smile in understanding. “Your doctor started you on Carbamazepine. It’s a very common and effective prescription for bipolar disorder. The antidepressants will help stabilize your mood,” he explains. Sherlock nods, but still doesn’t move to open the bottle. John slips off his chair and kneels in front of Sherlock, covering his hands with his own. “The Carbamazepine will help, but the medicine won’t help everything so you will have to work at it. Eating, sleeping, breathing... maybe a bit of sex will help.” John’s lips twitch at his joke hopefully but Sherlock doesn’t reply so John keeps on going. “But this is your choice. I want to make that very clear. If you don’t want to take the medicine, it’s fine... You are your own person and nothing is flawed, malfunctioned or wrong with you.”
This time, Sherlock’s racing thoughts were cut off by John’s lips pressing against his and suddenly his mind is calm, allowing Sherlock to reach up and respond to John’s kiss.
A short car ride later, they pull up on Baker Street on the opposite side as 221. The door opens and they spot Sherlock coming out of the flat with a duffle bag. Sherlock looks up as Dimmock and Sally getting out of their car. When Sally catches his eye, Sherlock turns heel and runs away down an alley.
Greg sighs and stands up. As many times as Sally had said that Sherlock Holmes would one day murder someone, but she can’t believe the words are leaving Greg’s mouth. “Sherlock Holmes, you are under arrest for the murder of Mary Watson.”
“It’s okay, John,” Molly says, patting his arm. “When we get back to London, we’ll go see Sherlock and Lestrade and Sally can go contact Sherlock’s homeless network to find Rosie.”
“Of course they are,” John chuckled and kissed Sherlock’s hand. His smile drops slightly and he said in a serious tone, “Sherlock there’s something I need to ask you.” The black feelings hit him again and it must have also shown on his face because John hurried to say, “No, Sherlock. Everything’s fine. It’s a danger night, maybe I should’ve waited for this conversation...”
She shakes her head and rubs her nose. “No, I didn’t. I think Daddy did. I also saw Chloe at school had the same kind of biscuit, I think they’re the best kind of biscuit and of course Daddy thinks so too.”
“I’ve always thought this Sherlock, I’ve always been worried about you. When I thought that... when you... that whole Reichenbach situation happened and I thought maybe it was undiagnosed depression drove you to suicide. When you came back... I was relieved that your suicide was because I was a bad doctor and flatmate who couldn’t see depression when it was right under my nose, but the more I think about it, I do think that you have undiagnosed depression. We’re finally in a place where I can address it with you. And if you decided to throw a fit about it, I figure that can lead to some great make up sex.”
“As the one on Mary’s body. Exactly!” Molly says, wringing her hands together. “Does this have anything to do with her murder?”
Mary moves forward as if to give John a hug, but John takes half a step back that stops Mary in her tracks. She gives him a small smile and looks towards Sherlock. “Hello Sherlock.”
Not wanting to waste time on correcting her, Lestrade just nods and leaves. Every time there are visitations, Lestrade goes to visit Sherlock. Each time, Sherlock is escorted into the room, but who ever comes through the door isn’t Sherlock Holmes that Lestrade knows. Sherlock is gaunt and his eyes are empty, he doesn’t react to anything that Lestrade says. Yet still, Lestrade brings in cold cases to discuss with him and pleads with him to speak up on the case. Every time, Sherlock says nothing and after thirty minutes, Sherlock is escorted back to his cell. This week he isn’t expecting anything different when he gets to the prison. He sits at the metal table and shuffles some papers around while he waits. When Sherlock walks in, Lestrade winces at the sight of him in his blue prison uniform and the dark shadows under his eyes.
It takes a long moment for Lestrade to find an answer. “Think, Sherlock, don’t you believe that John is innocent? Who ever killed Mary and Sherman might be looking for something. You said yourself that John has read Mary’s USB so he must know everything. We’ll get in contact with Mycroft to protect John and Rosie. So please, where’s John?”
It’s the quickest Lestrade had ever seen the judicial system work as a couple of days later, Sherlock strides into Lestrade’s office at Scotland Yard, fresh out of prison. He narrows his eyes as he scans the room, finding Lestrade, Sally and Mycroft, but not the people who matter to him.
Even though Sherlock always had a nagging sense of guilt, any time he looks over at John and Rosie, he can quiet that harsh voice in the back of his head and enjoy his little family.
Molly is very tired as she walks into her office, a coffee in her hand as she tries to wake herself up. Just as she was about to turn in fro an early night, there was a quiet knock on the door. It was Sherlock on the front step, his eyes blood shot as he quietly says, “Mary returned.”
He sat up on the couch and glanced around the room, frowning. Rosie had just been there on the play mat and he was sure that John had put a fresh cup of tea on the table in front of him. A quick glance outside to the window confirms that he had been wrapped up in his head for longer than he thought. He took a deep breath and tried to push away the tidal wave of thoughts and deductions that were still trying to drown him. “Most of them are threes and fours at best, John,” Sherlock said with a shrug in reference to John’s statement. “Hardly worth my time.”
John broke it off first and smiled down at Sherlock. “There you are,” he said fondly, brushing Sherlock’s curls back. “Getting lost in that great big mind of yours? Solving all the unsolved mysteries in the United Kingdom?”
Dimmock nods as if he was expecting that answer. “Watson was found in Regent’s Park, not far from Baker Street. It was apparent from the crime scene that she had been moved there. Maybe Watson and Holmes had an altercation at 221B Baker Street and Holmes killed Watson. It wouldn’t take much for Holmes to take the body to Regent’s Park to be dumped there.”
“Of course you will,” Sherlock says, haughtily but he breaks into a smile soon after as John rolls his eyes.
Molly is waiting impatiently at one of the benches. She’s looking at something under a microscope but as soon as she hears the doors open, she jumps up and grabs Greg’s arm, dragging him over to the next room where the bodies are kept. “I got this corpse this afternoon and I was going through the regular routine when I saw this.” She pulls back the sheet at the corpse’s feet to reveal a tattoo.
Molly shuffles through the papers that have appeared since she left the last evening. “Ummm... Jane Doe, brought in at 3 a.m.?” Walking over to the correct table, she draws back the sheet and recoils with a gasp.
After a brief hesitation, Prof. Phelps nods slowly and steps aside to let them in. the moment the door closes behind them, there is a cold muzzle of a gun pressed against Lestrade’s head and he hears Molly squeak as there’s another gun pointed at her by Prof. Phelps.
John shoots Sherlock a glance, but Sherlock is already nodding. “Go to our daughter,” he says. “I’ll be here... putting in an application for a conjugal visit.”
Lestrade nods and closes the file with a flourish. “Alright, let’s get back to London. Will you come with us to see Sherlock, John?”
“This murder is so sloppy,” Lestrade says, gesturing to the files on the table. “Come on, Sherlock. Both of us know that if you murdered someone, no one would be able to find the body or the murder weapon. This is clearly someone else. Just tell me you didn’t do this. Please... Sherlock...”
Ignoring Sherlock’s inflection on the word ‘friend’, Lestrade asks, “John’s friend or Mary’s friend?”
Sally turns to Lestrade in shock. "Rosie?" she says again. Lestrade nods slowly and she shakes her head. Ever the law abiding police officer, Sally sighs and says, "I'll go add it to the report. Send out a BOLO for Dr. Watson and Rosie."
Sherlock nods quickly. “John, I need to apologize. I jumped to conclusions and it has cost us so much time.”
thanks for reading! this is a pretty self indulgent fic. i wrote this because i wanted to read it and so i hope that you have enjoyed it as well
“Hey! Sherlock!” Lestrade yells after him, but one look at Mycroft stops him. Mycroft has a funny look as he steadfast ignores Lestrade’s glare. “You know something.”
“I said depression, Sherlock, not malfunction, not a freak,” John said gently. “I’ve been thinking about it and I think that you have bipolar disorder. You have periods of intense energy followed by depression and lethargy. You go without eating and sleeping and it worries me, Sherlock.”
They both fell into a fit of giggles. Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s lips before flickering back up to his eyes. “I never... I always said that love is found on the loosing side, but I find if I’m loosing with you, I don’t mind.”
The information that Mycroft is alarmingly complete even though it had only been thirty minutes since he had sent out his assistants to collect information on Janice Small. In no time, Greg and Sally arrive at the boat house that Janice Small is working in.
John stands up too, but they can’t say anything else as a figure appears at the top of the stairs. The small family freezes as they recognize their visitor.
“Yeah, on the USB was notes about a treasure somewhere in India. They must have been after the treasure and found it. Mary must have been betrayed for a larger share of the treasure.”
Hours later, Sally is watching the interrogation through the one way window. Sherlock is sitting up straight in the chair, his hands folded in front of him on the table and not saying a word as Lestrade lays out the case in front of him. They had found a bloodied shirt and a gun in the duffle bag that Sherlock had on him at the time of the arrest. The fragile case they had before they had left the police station first has grown up into a nearly solid case if only Sherlock would say something. Anything. For hours, this goes on without even a peep from Sherlock.
“You said yourself that Holmes left your flat and didn’t come back for hours,” Dimmock presses. “You heard him return at three in the morning after the murder.”
Hours later, the coast guard finds the body in the river. Greg kneels down beside the body and searches through her pockets. He draws out a leather bag and from it, out comes a collection of beautiful pearls. Grinning, Lestrade looks up at Sally and says, “Even without her testimony, we have enough evidence to exonerate Sherlock.”
“Alright, stand apart, you two,” the guard says and they reluctantly part, though Sherlock is still clinging onto the edge of John’s sleeve.
Lestrade wants to scream and dance when Sherlock rolls his eyes at him. “There are such things untraceable poisons. I for one know at least forty different poisons that are completely untraceable in autopsies. I’m sure Molly has tested for a couple once she knew that this was connected to Mary’s case and she isn’t a complete idiot. I can compile a list of poisons for her to check for but it would be more efficient if I was allowed to see the body.”
Sherlock raises his eyebrow, “Now, if I tell you, will you be going around and telling lies constantly?”
Finally John notices Sherlock staring at him. He raises his eyebrow. “It’s getting creepy. The staring I mean.”
“Hello there,” Greg says, flashing his police badge to the scrawny boy who according to Mycroft’s file is the son of the owner. “Does Janice Small work here?”
I tagged this canon divergence after s3, in this universe, A.G.R.A doesn't exist, except Mary's real name is Rosamund, John read Mary's USB, Mary didn't die and instead disappeared, and John and Sherlock finally got their shit together and started a romantic relationship.
Sherlock doesn’t move as Lestrade motions to an officer to bring Sherlock to the holding cell. Sherlock doesn’t protest or say anything as he’s cuffed and lead to a solitary holding cell. Lestrade watches sadly as Sherlock doesn’t react as he is released from the handcuffs, standing stock still, facing the back of the cell.
Sherlock avoids his gaze. “She’s right. You forgave me when I came back. You need to give her the same chance.’
Mycroft doesn’t tell Sherlock this last part and with an almost imperceptible nod, Mycroft says, “Goodbye, brother mine.”
John gently stroked Sherlock’s high cheekbones. “Don’t panic or assume until I finish talking, okay?” he said gently. “These dark moods of yours when you don’t have a case, the highs you have when you’re on a case, feeling lethargic and then having too much energy, being a mad berk and then being suicidal—no, you were,” he said as Sherlock tried to interject. “I know you aren’t now or at St Bart’s, but you were suicidal at points in your life. I know you, Sherlock Holmes. Because I love you, I want you to answer this question honestly: Have you ever been evaluated for depression?”
“Good evening, John,” Sherlock says, pressing a kiss against John’s temple as he sweeps forward to Rosie and lifts her up. “Just watch your daddy, I’ll make him tell a lie,” he whispers in her ear. “John,” he says with false innocence. “Did you mess with my sock index?”
“Text on Sunday night, 10:43,” Molly reads over his shoulder. “’Confirm location. I have key from R.’ R... as in Rosamund? As in Mary’s real name?”
“Why do you bring this up now?” Sherlock demanded. “I have always done these things, but you only bring it up now. Why?”
“You do?” Dimmock hurries to take out his notebook to take notes. “I’m sorry for you loss. What’s the name of your friend?”
“Is it okay if we return home now?” John asks. “I think Rosie would like to have a lie down in a real bed, right sweetheart?”
Now, Sherlock groans as he realizes that in that chaos, he had never asked John if he had actually committed the murder. As always, it was a mistake to draw conclusions without having all the data first. If he had just seen Mary’s body, he would’ve known that John hadn’t killed her.
“It... it was silver and ummm... it had a some pattern on it I think? It also had a gem in the centre. It was a very pretty shade of pink,” Rosie says.
“You let your brother sit in jail as you knew the answer?” It infuriates Greg as Mycroft doesn’t reply. “Why?”
“Found that under Mary’s body. It’s what freed you, that charm, Rosie identified it as the killer’s,” Lestrade says. “I was just about to send that to the DA’s office.”
Sherlock chuckles and picks up a crayon to draw on a piece of paper for himself. Rosie’s brow furrows as he draws the cross section of a plant cell. “So... you’re not mad?” Rosie asks.
In the next couple hours, he rushed to clean the blood in a sloppy way that would look like an amateur had tried to cover up the murder, enough for a conviction. He does notice where the blood goes, but he doesn’t have time to follow it. Instead Sherlock finds Wiggins and gives him instructions to find Rosie. He returns to Molly’s place and closes the door with enough force that he knows Molly would be able to hear. Sherlock hates that he’s putting Molly in this position, but he needed to protect John.
Pulling himself from his thoughts, Sherlock looks up at the man he loves from where he is kneeling. John is standing a few feet away, waiting, and there is a fondness in his smile that pulls at Sherlock’s heartstrings, makes his belly flutter. Noticing his glance, John reaches out a hand for him, and Sherlock gets to his feet. He intertwines their fingers, and follows him towards the lake, to their next adventure.
. I don’t…” Sherlock thought through his words very carefully. “Honestly? I don’t remember even going to the club. I don’t remember what I took. I remember leaving the flat, after we argued. I remember heading to a bar, and I remember I was—”
“What’s going on… with you? You’ve been avoiding us since this case started. Is the case really getting to you that much… or… or are you…” John stopped to gauge Sherlock’s reaction, but he was keeping his face passive. “It just feels like you’re… that we’re…” he cleared his throat awkwardly and squared his shoulders, shutting his eyes before trying again. “Are we intruding too much on your space? Because if it’s too much we can… I can find a new flat.” John swallowed at the thought.  Sherlock said nothing.
. No wonder John had disappeared. A little bit further down the street he turned the corner into a laneway. He needed to call his brother to come back for him, but right now he had to get rid of this feeling before he could let his brother see him. Mycroft would read it all over his face and he didn't want to have to explain that.
“Dad I’m fine,” John said as he tried to sit up, his head pounding and making him lie back down again.
“You survived falling off a building,” John said a little cruelly, egging him on. “Or was that really just a trick?”
“It’s my fault,” John went on. “I should have put a time limit on it for you. I feel like I’ve imposed too long, overstayed our welcome.
Sherlock’s head snapped around and levelled him with a look which silenced John faster than Greg had ever seen before. Greg followed behind him, blushing slightly with the guilt of being caught eavesdropping.
It had become routine for them both – Sherlock coming down to his cottage in the mornings and working through the day, and in the early evenings they would take a walk to the lake and back. Sometimes they would chat away, about anything and everything, and sometimes in complete silence just enjoying walking together. John would stay at Sherlock’s house for dinner, before heading home, and sometimes – like tonight – he would relax on the couch with a drink as Sherlock played violin for him.
The second it’s over, the audience roars, not waiting for his violin to even leave his shoulder. John is frozen for a moment, before he realizes that everyone around him is already standing, applauding furiously. Sherlock finally lets his violin come away from his shoulder and lets out a sigh, before smiling and shaking the conductor’s hand. The conductor directs the orchestra to get to their feet and turns to bow. Sherlock takes a moment to look straight at John proudly, and almost nervously, it seems, awaiting John’s approval. John hasn’t moved yet, still in shock, still in his chair.
“You don’t want that either, William. There is an image you have to maintain. You are not some pedestrian rockstar, where an overdose a year is a common occurrence, or even expected.”
John turned his head and stared at Sherlock with lost searching eyes and Sherlock gently pried his fingers off the box, maintaining their eye contact as he did it. John let out a heavy sigh which ended in a choked sob and he put his hand over his face. Only the shaking of his shoulders betrayed that he was beginning to cry.
John couldn’t stop himself. The punch connected with the left side of James’ face, knocking him to the floor. Blood began pouring out of his nose as he crumpled there for a moment.
John turned himself towards Sherlock and got up on his knees. He put his hand on Sherlock’s face to check his skin temperature again, to reassure himself. Then, he nodded to himself. “Me either,” he said finally, his hand lingering on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock looked at John with shocked betrayal before letting out a huff of air. “Perfect,” he repeated, looking to his brother.
“Give it a minute, you’re still coming down from the rush,” Anderson said, eyeing him suspiciously. John wondered if Anderson resented the rest of them for getting to go on adventures, while he sat and observed.
As if he had willed him into being, Sherlock suddenly burst through the door to the class, making a loud dramatic entrance. But instead of coming to sit down, he walked to the middle of the front of the room and stood there, looking at John.
“Go,” Mycroft grabs his violin out of his hands and nudges Sherlock back towards the stage. “We can talk about this later.”
, unintentionally, than they had ever been – just the two of them with Rosie. He noticed people looking at them in the street when they walked together and saw the looks, the assumptions. And that was alright with Sherlock. If this was the closest he would get, it was enough. He didn’t need to ask John. It just
Approaching the front door to the house was terrifying. It wasn’t really a house. More of a castle; a mansion at the very least. A butler answered the door –
The clock on the wall ticks above him, Sherlock watching seconds turn into minutes, into half an hour. One day turns into the next without him noticing. The village below sleeps, even more peaceful in its slumber, unfazed by the winds that rattle the window seals, howling across the roofs and through the trees in the mightiest of concertos. None of its sounds, of its might, translates onto the notebook on his lap, though. It remains empty, nothing filling the pages, no music materializing as the sound of the clock hand moves in its endless circle.
tickets upon his return. But Mycroft will be damned if he will let his brother get pushed off course by some stranger he met in a forest, no matter how much better he seems from the experience.
of you were dead first. Preferably you, John,” she said bluntly. “The others knew their time would come. We just had to wait until you returned home.
John blushed and looked at the ground, under the watchful eye of the doctor. “Given that London has much better care available, when it comes to the further operations he’ll be needing… John! You of all people should appreciate what I’m trying to do here,” Mycroft added, the final nail.
” John whispered quietly. “I would never have wished any of this upon you – or anyone – but it brought you back to me, and I’m
Sherlock walks over, still listening, but begins unbuttoning John’s shirt slowly for him and nodding as he listens. John swallows loudly, making eye contact with Sherlock, before shaking his head clear to keep telling the story.
“It’s okay,” John leapt in to reassure him. “Just… it’s okay,” he decided on, and gave Sherlock a nod, settling his weight onto the mattress beside Sherlock for a moment. They let the silence sit there uncomfortably with them.
As John turns back to get the next paling, he hears Sherlock cry out and turns back in a hurry, to see Sherlock has dropped the hammer and inhales a sharp breath before he puts his thumb into his mouth to suck on it.
“Fine, I can say it here if you like," Sherlock said stubbornly. "I wanted to talk to you about the other night…” he began.
“Oh, Sherlock. I would never ask you to go through all that. Even the emotional torture. Not for me. I would never want this for you.”
“Really John, it will be a quick one by the sounds, a ‘three' at best. In and out. I’ll be back in time for second breakfast.” There was that smile again, and this time shifty eyes, avoiding John’s, as he checked his hair in the lounge room mirror and grabbed his shoes from the floor near the table, sitting quickly to put them on.
“No, I think maybe the boy that delivered my school work last week, dropping me in his fancy car might be pushing my luck, somehow,” he joked.
“But also…” he looked up at John who was staring straight ahead now, not wanting to make Sherlock uncomfortable. He reached out and touched John’s face, “…also, I can’t stay away.”
Mycroft and Greg sat together at the bar, looking through the files, talking over scotch, feeling deflated.
“The sun is already up. Come on, John. No time for such sentiment.” He tugs at John’s hand until the man finally gets up. For a moment, Sherlock is distracted by the golden hair on his chest, the pink of his nipples.
“I know,” he said with an eyeroll. “I do… though…" Sherlock said, making eye contact, "worry,” levelling a serious glance.  John swallowed hard. Sherlock couldn’t look at him like
When the man stared and said nothing, John’s rage built further still. The man started to chuckle in his throat, a realisation in his eyes, about something which John didn’t understand, and it only fuelled John further. He punched the man, hard, so that he fell back to the floor. In closer proximity now, he could see the wound. He’d managed to shoot clean through the shoulder. There was a fair bit of blood.
“I’m not planning on staying long enough to get comfortable, anyway,” Sherlock sighed in frustration. "John says St Mary's has the specialist kidney unit. It's where they've got the best experts."
he’s not ready. They really should have talked. Now, it is maybe too late. And they will have to wait another two or three months. Or four, maybe. When will he get used to the waiting? And will that be the day their love really begins or the day it ends?
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tight to clear them and then widened them again, trying to get his eyes to focus better. He looked at each picture slowly. His face was pale, he did not look well, and Greg could sense that he knew his answer was important so he was taking his time. John, on the other hand, had no patience at all, turning around to glare when Sherlock didn’t answer immediately.
“Uh…yeah, it’s not the ideal,” John said awkwardly, fishing some food out of his bag to stop his stomach from embarrassing him with an unnecessary loud growl.
him to be innocent, but I’m genuinely terrified that he did this.” He looked across at Greg, who took his eyes off the road just long enough to make eye contact and convey some sympathy for John. “The more we see, the more I…” he couldn’t finish the thought.
of this amusing: not your big secret plans with Mycroft; and not you, playing a big trick on me; not having to extract you from a dungeon in Europe on death’s door. This was
They stood there, just looking into each other’s eyes. Sherlock felt electricity there, an intensity he could not get enough of. All desire for the drugs and the rush gone. John was right, he didn’t need that when he had this.
“I think you’re going to want a team down here. I’m at the park. You know the one near Baker Street I take Rosie to?” he said as calmly as possible, even though his heart was racing with the coming excitement.
Sherlock nods. “Yes. I met him down in the village. He said it’s never been longer than a few days. It’s almost a week now. More importantly, the collar was cut with scissors. I doubt Susi knows how to use those. He suspects his neighbour. She has complained about the barking multiple times.”
The house stays quiet for a long time and Sherlock almost wants to turn back, when the light in one of the rooms upstairs is switched on.
“Don’t worry, I don’t have any excuse and I didn’t do it either. If the teacher calls on you, I’ll pull the football card, say you were helping the coach or whatever. I’ve got your back,” Mike said with the air of a well-practised liar. John could recognise that a mile off, he was well versed in it himself.
“Well, he was definitely here. Time stamp matches what you said,” Anderson began to report, as he sat back in the chair and allowed Greg and John to huddle in beside him to look at the screens.
“Found something. I’m sending someone over to Bart’s with it now for you. There was a jacket and a scarf in one of the other skips, buried under the bags. Looks like the right size for our vic. Lots of blood mixed with some sort of tree bark or something.”
Neither of them had realised just how much John had cared about Sherlock because caring was something they stayed far away from. They had not considered the ramifications of leaving him out of the planning. Ensuring he witnessed the fall, and grieved it as the trusted friend, was part of the plan. To ensure he remained safe, to ensure he remained blame free and could live on. It had not occurred to them that John was not willing to live as long as Sherlock did not. It was a cost Sherlock had already decided was beyond his ability to live with. He knew what his decision was, the second he was told. The second he had returned to British soil and he was told. There had been no other option for him. He had just been waiting.
“I’m sorry.” It was genuine. John wasn’t sure he had ever heard Mycroft apologise for anything. Not intentionally, and certainly not where his brother was concerned. John looked at him with surprise. “It was very important to Sherlock that you were protected… at all costs. I did suggest that it was a bad idea. That you would… that you should be… that is, I know how much you… that you both…”
John sits at his desk, waiting for the laptop to start up. He can’t help smiling to himself. It had been a lovely morning walk to the lake. John remembers the conversation that finally sprung forth as they had sat together, resting by the lake.
right now, is a bloody miracle. A MIRACLE! And we haven’t even discussed how he’s going to cope coming off the meds we have had to put him on so that he wouldn’t just rip out everything and crawl out of here. He needs rest. He needs to be stable, actually stable before being moved!” John’s face was red with the anger. Mycroft could actually see in this moment, what his little brother saw in John.
“Well you walked all the way to the lake and back… and then home. You’ve managed without it for a whole twenty-four hours it seems. The limp is obviously psychosomatic.”
John took him in for a second. He looked Sherlock’s face up and down to see if he was serious, before bursting out laughing. Sherlock smiled at him.
It appeared to be a surveillance video of a street. The footage was in colour, but grainy quality with no sound. It was likely inner-city London by the looks. A row of flats with a few shops at street level, in view. John leaned back further into the sofa cushions, disappointed as always, at the lack of comfort. His eyes darted to every movement on screen, as he tried to be vigilant and observant. The street was reasonably quiet – not a main street, then, he noted. Cars and the odd bicycle moved past the camera intermittently with no discernible pattern. People walked or jogged by. Some of them stopped to go inside the shops. It appeared to be a café or diner of some kind and a dry cleaner’s shop beside it. After about ten minutes of viewing, John realised this was going to require a notepad to keep track of everything. He touched the trackpad and the video window showed its menu to display that there was almost ninety minutes of footage. This was going to be more involved than John had realised. He let out a sigh and pushed himself back up, laptop in one hand, cane in the other, allowing the footage to continue. He walked the laptop over to the dining table. Ninety minutes on that god forsaken sofa would mean he wouldn’t sleep tonight from the pain. Sitting up at the table was the more sensible choice. He limped back to the coffee table to secure his nutritious dinner morsels and settled himself at the dining table instead.
Sherlock had said when he left the last time. He must have meant it. John turns away, trying to focus on his cooking, but the smile on his mouth seems to be permanently glued there now.
Sherlock’s hand closes around the duvet now, but the feeling doesn’t compare to how John had felt. Firm. Warm. Familiar. John always feels familiar, and has since… since when? The beginning, probably, or some moment close to it. Like the violin felt familiar from the first moment he held it. But where his fingers knew just what to do with a violin, he certainly doesn’t know what to do with John.
“What?” John tried to sit up a bit, putting his weight on his elbows, the pain from lifting his head up was really something. He must have slammed his head on the ground properly.
“You focus on you. Get your violin back under control. I will do the rest,” Mycroft says, then the door clicks shut behind him.
John made the tea, without another word, the sound of the crackling fire place and the rain outside the only noises that registered. He suspected that both Sherlock and Mycroft’s brains were whirring out of control, despite the lack of words. Slowly and painfully, he finally walked out, a cup in each hand.
“Okay,” John echoed and they both stopped still for a moment, the tension back in the air. It wasn’t like them to be uncomfortable with each other. “It’s just that, I feel so helpless. You know, being a doctor and not being able to help you. Not even bloody
missed the war. He had missed the action, the violence even. The snap someone’s bone made as you broke their leg. The crunch their nose made as it broke under the weight of a fist. And each bruise he endured in battle distracted him from the thoughts in his mind: the doubts; the anger at the lies; the rage at the deception that Sherlock had set in motion. John didn’t believe for a second that it had been for his protection; Mycroft had clearly been manipulating him. Sherlock had never shown that much of a protective side. On their many cases, there had been risky moments and he knew they had each other’s backs. But to die, or pretend to die, and lie about it in order to protect John? It was ridiculous, a preposterous notion. He couldn’t even work out why someone would do that. These people he was taking down, they were vile humans, that was clear. And if he was given no other choice to rid the world of them, perhaps he would do what Sherlock had done. But he knew he would have wanted Sherlock to be in on the plan, to be with him through the battle. It was insanity for Sherlock to have tried to do all of it alone.
“What are your plans beyond school John?” Mycroft moved on, but Sherlock knew Mycroft was pleased with himself and was just getting warmed up. John was caught, busy chewing a mouthful of food and Sherlock looked over when he didn’t answer immediately.
“Excellent. Just the answer I was after,” Mycroft said, his lips curling slightly into a pleased expression that almost didn’t suit his features.
“I missed this,” he says, turning to John. Within seconds, he gets rid of his shirt, trousers, and shoes, and steps into the water. The cold hits him like a wall, but Sherlock keeps running into it until he can dive down into the dark. When he comes up again and blinks the water droplets from his eyelashes, John is sitting on the bench, still dressed, watching. Even from here, Sherlock can see him shaking his head, can guess at the disbelieving smile on his face.
“Yeah. They stitched the guy up and then let us question him. He’s not the one. He has an alibi for all the others. He’s not our man. Doesn’t even live at that house, apparently. He’s been watering some plants and checking the mail for the occupant. Possibly a partner. He told us very little, before a lawyer showed up and we had to let him go.”
“Aaand you couldn’t bear to be anywhere else? That’s not the John Watson I know,” Mike joked, trying to lighten the mood.
me to, but it’s sweet that you’re being so protective. You’re like a puppy. I can see why he likes you so much.”
“Yes! A vibe. Thank you!” he sighed in relief. The fact that Greg had picked the very same word he had tried to use with John earlier almost made him chuckle. But he needed to get his words out and his chest was full of some sort of swarm of insects it seemed, fluttering about making it hard to suck in air at the usual rate. “Right, they’re picking up on a
this. Give me the cocaine. I’ll make you some tea or pour you some more scotch but you don’t need this.
*facepalm* Sherlock! It’s fine. You looked like you needed someone to sit with you. I’m sorry that I didn’t get to talk to you the rest of the day though. It was a bit manic. Mike kind of grabbed me before I could come and sit closer to you in English
“Some peace. To not have people buzzing around me all day. Not have the noise and the lights and the smells. I could just be there for a bit. You could tell Mummy I retreated to nature, that I'm getting better. And I can spare myself having to talk to those head doctors of yours.”
John looks at him, eyes glistening a little in the lamp light and Sherlock wants to make everything better.
“I don’t know, you have some twisted ideas! Maybe it was fun for you,” John said, crossing his arms stubbornly.
Sherlock nodded gently, his eyes dropping to the floor, unable to look at John now that he was so close.
Sherlock stands up and walks quietly over to his cupboard. He opens a drawer and grabs out a box and comes back to the bed. When he opens the box, he pulls out the little dictionary that belongs to John.
“It was Moriarty. I’m undercover now – destroying his network. I shouldn’t even be here. I shouldn’t be seen anywhere near you, but I asked Mycroft to…”
“God John, I’m so sorry.” He had caused some of this, even if John wouldn’t let him take the blame. He felt responsible.
“John I should be clear, I…uh, don’t make friends. I tend to focus on the work. It’s nothing personal,” Sherlock said uncomfortably, unable to make eye contact with him.
“I don’t know her,” he said more firmly, and John thought he seemed very much to be trying to convince himself more than anyone else.
“Hey. He’ll be okay John,” Greg reassured him, a hand grabbing his upper arm this time, his head dipping low, probably hoping to gauge John’s emotions better, to catch his eye. When John looked up at him and made eye contact, he was embarrassed that his eyes were stinging with the beginnings of tears in them. The stress of the last couple of hours was finally catching up with him.
Sherlock rolled out of bed, shaking his curls between his fingers, lazily. Taking in the sensations as his his toes touched the cold wooden floor, the contrast from his warm bed waking his senses a little more. He wriggled his toes back and forth from big toe to little and back, getting the nerve endings to register some feeling. Stretching his arms to the ceiling and feeling his rib cage expand and the vertebrae snap into place. He let out a sigh. His brain slowly taking in his surroundings, the day, the time… something at the edge of his brain felt foggy - what was he forgetting?
By the time he had chewed off two of his fingernails and thought through every possibility, ranging from the probable to the ridiculous, Sherlock had finally fallen into a deep sleep. John eventually was able to lie down on the bed beside him, settling into the pillow to drift off himself.
He stands there for a moment, taking everything in, before he slowly makes his way back to the house, his leather shoes causing him to struggle as he stumbles down the steep hill.
“Absolutely. But don’t be too long. I need to advertise if you won’t take it. And tell that brother of yours he owes me dinner. I haven’t forgotten.”
“James likes to think he owns some of us at the school. He has a special…attachment to me.” Sherlock explained, which only confused John more but he felt it was not his place to ask about it further.
Four hours later, John kept watch in an uncomfortable chair in Sherlock’s room, his head in his hands, exhausted and distressed. He kept himself at a safe distance, close to the door, not wanting Sherlock to be aware of his presence.
“That’s exactly the reason I came to the mountains in the first place… and ended up meeting you.” Sherlock smiles sadly. “I
“Sorry, I didn’t realise these posh bathrooms had a personalised allocation,” John bristled. “I was just down at the football sheds putting my stuff in there for practice this afternoon, and these were the closest on the way back. I’m running late. I’ll remember these ones are off limits next time.” And he crossed his arms in a huff. Sherlock said nothing, as John looked Sherlock up and down before storming into a cubicle.
“I saw suitcases in the living room. You haven’t moved in already have you?” Mycroft says, not letting up.
“John you don’t have to…” Sherlock began, trying to let him off the hook, trying to avoid a shut down.
soaked a large portion of the wooden barn floor, now mixed into straw and congealing. He also had many tattoos, so they would need to look into that closer, to check the link. But he was wearing a ring, like the others. The ring had been flagged in the system and Greg had been called.
John sucked in air and rubbed his hand over his face. Greg decided to let John say it. He could see that John needed to get it out of his system, and he wasn’t sure he would be able to look Mycroft in the eye and tell him everything, anyway.
John walked across the space, ignoring the stares and gossips of the others around him. He really hoped he would have a school uniform for next week. Standing out was not something he enjoyed. Usually at most schools, he could get away with his standard of dress. He was tidy, just a little unfashionable. Some schools didn’t even have a uniform and those were great. But at this school in particular, he already felt like he was offending the students and staff by not being in uniform. He sensed strongly that being dressed this way at this school, was unconscionable. He dropped himself down a little distance from Sherlock, not wanting to distract him while he was reading, but Sherlock looked up from his book at the movement, just for a second, before glancing back down. He gave a double take when he realised it was John sitting with him. He kept eye contact with John a bit longer, not saying anything, before looking down at his book again.
“Right, well thanks for letting me know, Greg. I’m on my way back home now so… oh hang on, that’s Sherlock on the other line now. I better get that and make sure he’s okay. Call you back once I’m home?”
“Surely if you can go back in time, you would just get everyone out of there before the explosion? At least, that would seem the easiest route,” John argued.
He finally walked to Sherlock, squatting down in front and handing him a cup of tea also. John didn’t say a word. He guided Sherlock’s fingers around the cup. His hands were shaking, they were dirty and covered in dried blood. John simply squeezed his fingers against Sherlock’s gently in a show of support before walking away again to fetch his own tea from the kitchen. He sat in his chair opposite Sherlock. They just looked at each other for a moment. Not a word.
“Nothing. I didn’t say… anything,” he swallows heavily, closing his eyes and grabbing his phone from his pocket, guiltily. “We did make him borrow a jacket from the box office, because he—”
seen that shoe already. He was sure of it. In the morgue. Obviously more than one child in London would have the same shoes, but Molly had given him a very quick update text earlier, which included the fact that they were missing one of the victim’s shoes.
“Leave it for now. You can do that later,” Sherlock said gently, squeezing John a little tighter, sighing with contentedness.
“Well, you get what you pay for,” Sherlock chuckles, pulling John against his chest and continuing to laugh into John’s hair. It’s a laugh that borders on hysteria and overwhelming relief.
Anderson nodded, expecting as much. This was not the first new person he had to explain this to. “We have developed technology to allow some brief stops in various points on a timeline. Obviously with all things in science, we are still testing it. It’s not common knowledge that we have this technology, or what the implications of its use are yet.”
“Sherlock?” John asked, confused, as he looked over to Mycroft and the overpriced, overdressed lawyer.
“Johnny! You’re okay! Look boys it’s Johnny – he’s alive!” One of the more vocal boys on the squad announced to the rest of them, which resulted in loud manly cheers from the rest of the bunch, coming to crowd around him in the front hallway.
John couldn’t help the light laugh that came out, but once Mycroft had left the room, his smile dropped and the two of them were left in silence again. A thick silence that filled the room, swallowing up every thought John tried to form. The only sound was the faint hum from the monitors surrounding Sherlock’s bed and the faint hiss from the regular oxygen cannula in his nostrils.
When he’d caught his breath back from the impact, James let out a slightly nervous laugh, trying to maintain some confidence. An evil grin crossing his face.
Sherlock had gotten up before he surrendered to the thoughts, walking over to John’s kitchen. He had stolen some of the gnocchi right out of the pan, giving his mouth something to do.
Sherlock blinks his eyes, refocusing on the road, just as John pulls into one of the three parking spaces in front of Mrs. Hudson’s store. He gets out, nodding at two elderly women leaving the store, as he quickly ducks under the roof to get out of the rain. From this safe spot, he watches John circling the car in a hurry. Rain is persistent here. It hasn’t eased since it started last night and the streets are covered in puddles.
“Hmmm, I just might,” Sherlock says, stealing another kiss greedily, as he pulls John in the door by his collar, before stepping back out to pull in his suitcases and close the door for some privacy.
John left the scene to look around the farmhouse, and other parts of the barn, to avoid an embarrassing possible regurgitation incident, destroying any evidence. He left Greg to talk with his mate and ask questions. While he made some notes, he didn’t find anything of particular interest that would explain why this man was targeted and how he fit into their case at all – aside from the ring – and at this stage it seemed unlikely to be linked, as far as John could see.
He lay his cane on the other side of the armrest, against the suitcase he had positioned at the wall. Not where he’d choose to put it, if he was in a nicer apartment. Sadly, it was the only place his suitcase would fit which doubled nicely as a cane rest when he was on the sofa. Once he was sure it was balanced and wouldn’t slide to the floor, he let out a heavy sigh, leaning back into the cushions further and clasping the USB in the palm of his hands. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, his head leaning against the back of the sofa. He closed his eyes at the sight of the yellow and brown discolorations on the off-white paint – too much for him to bear. Years of nicotine-addicted tenants and horrible plumbing were spelled out on the peeling paint, which only depressed him further. Mycroft had been right, there was some very unhealthy looking mould too. How did he know? After a few moments of wallowing in his own embarrassment, he opened his eyes and his fist to look at the USB stick.
clarified, you really have reached a whole new level of stupid I’ve never attributed to you before.”
The doctor in him needed to turn his emotions off, flick that switch, and focus on Sherlock first. Sherlock was in no state to bear the brunt of John’s anger right now. He needed care and attention, and time to rest and heal. John knew he could keep his emotions out of it; doctors were well trained in that skill. He would treat Sherlock like a patient,
Eight minutes was also enough time to kill twenty-three people, including the love of John Watson’s life.
The silence stretched long enough that Sherlock felt confident to elaborate, eager to keep John nearby. “It’s just that… since my capture… I’ve had trouble figuring out…”
“You could say thank you,” John said coldly. “But I wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself,” he let out, instantly regretting it. The silence that followed was a clear indication that his taunt had hit hard.
“Go back a couple of frames, Anderson. Get a fix in on the moment the body cam gets the front window,” John directed, suddenly, as Anderson slowly rewound the view again.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, turning to direct his anger at his brother now. “Do you not want me to embarrass you, in front of Mummy’s lawyer?”
“John—” There was so much Sherlock wanted to say to John. To apologise for. But he had wasted his time with John in here and not said any of it out loud. Even though he knew this wasn’t really
This doesn’t seem to put John at ease, but Sherlock does enjoy just teasing him a little. He’s such an easy target when he’s nervous.
I’m out with the football team tonight. We went out together after practice. Figured I should get to know the team better.
He leaves the words hanging in the air. They leave a bitter taste on his tongue – one he tries to wash down with a large sip of his scotch. It does not help. With the anger fading now, he just feels the sadness settle heavily in his bones, and that is even harder to handle. It fills him like dark water until he thinks he might burst. John closes his eyes, a last barrier against the tears.
“Sorry of course. I’ll go down and ask Mrs. H. I could go now, while Rosie is down… if you don’t mind keeping an ear out?” John hated how polite they were both being around each other.
But every few seconds, he found himself looking back up at them. At the pair in the corner. Sherlock and James began to wrestle a bit, Sherlock was clearly trying to get out of his grip, out of the corner.
“No, please. I need to do the apologising again, for this one," John began, and Sherlock finally looked at him which made him lose his train of thought. "Um… Sherlock, the things is, that I’m not used to having nice things, or having people who look out for me. It’s just always been me and my family. A dad who’s got a lot of issues - probably PTSD - and takes it out on his son, who he wants the best for really. But because of his job, we move around a lot and his son gets the raw end of the deal, a lot of the time. I’m not used to trusting people or relying on people and so,” he sighed heavily, “so it didn’t occur to me that it was a nice gesture - a romantic gesture even. I just saw it as charity and I don’t want pity or charity...”
Jake was a loss for words. These would be the men he would see at Christmas dinners and Sunday meals. The men who would call the house for chats or visit with bottles of wine in hand. The men who-
Just as John was going to retort and push back, the door from above slammed shut and the sound of the violin started up again.
John blushed but went quickly about hiding it with a long sip from the glass. "Trust me Mike, nothing's changed, I've still got the pain in my leg and a kink in my shoulder."
"That's enough!" Sherlock yelled, causing the doctor to jump and his glazed eyes locking onto his own. "John, what I said earlier, I did not mean to upset you." The doctor made to open his mouth, but Sherlock blocked his speech, raising a finger to his lips, "You are not weak, nor are you ruined. You are a kind and resourceful man that I hold deep respect for! I know you did not mean to hurt me on any occasion - your mind is still wounded from war and your actions are
"You're wounded in your leg possible gunshot wound with minor infection it seems, thus the cane." He pointed to the side of John. "I would say regular solider but you hands are still, very still. Worthy enough to carry around a weapon and scalpel. So I say war doctor. The way you talk and present yourself also has some merit, and form of command. But by the way you dress you're poverty stricken, resorting to any job you can find."
"Not at all, such tedious business it is. Rather dull, if I do say so myself. How one could talk about such random nonsense to find a means to communicate with another human being is...is just so...."
The silence in the classroom was drawn out until John zipped up his tattered book-bag and slung it over his shoulder while proceeding to the door. Sherlock wasted no time, stepping in front of the shorter boy and using the hands on his hips to gain a wider advantage. John looked none too pleased and frowned up at him, attempting to maneuver around before he was blocked again by the arrogant curly haired kid. “Get out of my way. Unless you want more bruises to go along with the ones you're already wearing...” he warned, fists already balled at his sides.
When spring came, the house flowed once again. Everyone kept busy doing their daily duties, and John was happier now that he could return to the outdoors, free of snow but not scarce of rain.
On the horizon, the familiar sparkling ice blue water glowed an almost pale blue that shimmered atop the calm surface. It was like a beacon compared to the dark spiraling trees that littered around it.
Stepping into the cool, damp and rather small living room in his flat, John removed his jacket, dress shoes and took off his flat-cap and proceeded to the kitchen. He sighed as he filled the kettle up with water before placing it on the stove and prepping for a cup of tea. As the water bubbled and the whistle of steam cut through the silence of the room, john poured himself a cuppa and proceeded to the paltry sized sitting room. He sat down slowly, putting all the pressure of his weight on his right arm and resting the cane on the side table.
The grip tightened, John's breath was hot across Sherlock's face, causing him to be aware of the proximity. Sherlock could almost count the light patches of blue amongst the darkness in John's eyes - even hints of yellow that were sprinkled around the iris’. The moment was short-lived, however, when John shoved him back and held out an open palm, “Yesterday's and today's payment. Now.”
"You too." John followed behind and bowed his head at the man before putting on his hat and hobbling quickly to the front door of the studio.
"So..." Lestrade began, but was interrupted when a pile of papers were pushed into his hand. He looked down at them with a curious glance.
Holmes raised a hand to silence him and then rested it under his chin, "Lestrade told me you've come to make a proposition."
“Please find seats, children” Miss instructed, before having to catch the bright red apple that was tossed her way.
The Elder Woods were known for tales of mythical beasts and unknown wonders. It was safe enough to travel through and mostly used as a trading route for workers and merchants. However wonderful the forest was, it was never a good idea to go through it alone. For there were still beasts that lurked the woods at night and poisonous insects and plants that splayed across the forest floor during the day.
Sherlock didn't even bother to register what his brother said next because his phone was thrown across the room. He was angry, sad, disappointed in himself and just down right helpless in the eyes of his husband. Sherlock cupped John in two hands and brought him up to his face, "Are you in pain at all? Are you hurt?"
It was like having a stare off, eyes narrowing after each passing minute. Animals were not like humans, they were mostly unpredictable at best, and when trying to deduce an animal, well....it was merely impossible. Sherlock's reasoning was the fact that John was not an animal. Rather, a human who had a little accident where his whole DNA got messed up with that of a woodland creature. Therefore, not impossible.
"To the restroom! I need to change my bandages." John mumbled and opened up the small cabinet above the sink to pull out some ointment and more wrappings. When he went to sit on the toilet seat to roll his pants up, he noticed a figure at the doorway.
Johnuin sought him out from the crowd beneath his lashes, fingertips plucking the strings idly from memory. To no avail did he catch sight of the dark mop of hair or blue eyes again and he cursed under his breath. It couldn't have been a figment of his imagination.
“Precisely. The one thing that makes me wonder, however, is why you haven't tried to clear your name in the first place.”
“Well yeah, Sherlock. It seems reasonable since you didn't pay him for today. And let me remind you that this whole thing about recruiting him as your security-"
Jacob was at a loss for words and just completely lost - period. He was here to ask for Rosie's hand in marriage and it was already becoming a planning session for his inevitable demise. He tried to stop in his tracks but the force at his back was too strong that he stumbled up the steps and into the flat that had scarred itself in his mind.
I've also currently started writing a new story that is a Fantasy!lock take on an idea I had. Its called: 'Eclipsed'. Would be really awesome if you could check it out. :)
“Just what I said, Sherlock. We cannot interfere again, knowing what happened last time when mother and father got involved. Sentiment.”
“Oops!” she giggled, trotting over to her desk to finally join the rest of her squad. Sherlock sat in his seat brimming with anger. His fists remained clenched through the whole class and throughout the morning as he was unable to vent to Lestrade who had messaged him earlier; saying he was staying home for the day because of illness.
John sunk down in the chair opposite of Mike's spot at the desk and rested his cap down on it, "Yes" he hummed in response.
As they stepped out onto the pavement, Jake went to the boot to collect all of the food while Rosie knocked on the door to announce their arrival.
"Fascinating." He heard and turned his head to be poked with several dark stray curls. John couldn't help but take a breath of the sweet smells that radiated off the musician.
His thoughts were disrupted by a flash of yellow that caught his peripheral and his eyes followed until they landed on a familiar yellow and black rugby jacket.
"Oi," a little voice from beside him, the boy, spoke up and Sherlock turned to face him. The child had leaned against the arm rests of both benches to point at the little prickly creature. "Is tha' a Hedgehog?"
Molly smiled warmly before rising from her seat and extending a hand, “Pleasure to meet you, Jacob.”
Sherlock let out a choked hollow laughter before rearranging himself to a seated position on the chair, "Clearly you've all gone daft if you're allowing me this small pleasure. Examine but don't test." he parroted, "Like giving a child candy."
John went to grab for Sherlock's hand, holding onto it tightly. He looked up with a playful grin when the other man met his eyes. "Ready."
“Wait! What homework did we-“ before he could finish, a click and dial tone filled the line. “Wanker.”
John's eyes took it all in and a grateful smile formed on his mouth. "This is perfect, Mr. Lestrade, thank you. This is 'bout the best room I've ever stayed - I even have my own window!"
"Oh Sherlock, it's lovely to see you. I'm so sorry I missed you two gentleman this morning." She cooed, turning to John with an equally wide smile. "Good morning Dr. Watson!"
Sherlock had enough. He walked up to John and grabbed hold of his shoulders in a tight grip, “Enough! You didn't kill her on purpose, it was a mistake! You cannot blame yourself for something that wasn't your fault!”
Mycroft took the opportunity to sit on the empty spot beside his brother and let his eyes wander some more, “For how long, Sherlock?”
Greg huffed and rolled his eyes, dropping himself into another seat and lounging until their next teacher, Mrs. Hudson, came through the door with a kind smile.
Sherlock let out a huff of air he never knew he was holding and took off his goggles and gloves, leaving his current fungi experiment to walk back to their bedroom door. He didn't even bother to knock, resorting to kicking the door open and marching to the bed with a pout. "John, you've been sleeping for -"
Sherlock strode over to the counter and dug into his pocket, wincing as he felt small, sharp teeth pierce his flesh. When he pulled his hand out, a flailing hedgehog dangled from Sherlock's middle finger. The clerk had just stared at the little ordeal, mouth slightly agape. "I need food."
Sherlock couldn't answer. It was what bothered him the most upon leaving the classroom with a quiet ‘good day, Mrs Hudson’ and as the bell rang for lunch, his feet automatically guided him to the cafeteria. He thought of the flash of metal he saw in John's med kit - the handgun. He thought of the fear in John's eyes upon the arrival of his father, and the way his left hand spasmed when he made a fist. He thought of the way…..the way that John avoided anything about himself. When Sherlock opened up the doors of the lunchroom he met dark blue eyes at their table.
“You’re gonna get yourself killed, you know” Greg voiced, walking over to an empty seat and plopping the taller boy into it.
. "Oh, damn!" John rushed to grab his hat and jacket after placing the plate of biscuits down on the tray and chugging down the now, cold tea. "I'm sorry for cutting this conversation short...Mr. Holmes, was it?"
. Seems to me like he can't even see anything with his eyes all shut up from your brute there.” Sherlock could just picture the head nod to Moran. John was quite readable.
It was something Sherlock could never expect to see on John Watson's face, nor anything he ever wished to see.
Sherlock ruffled his hair in frustration before leaning in closer so that John's small snout was inches away from his own nose. If he wasn't going to get a plain answer, then he would deduce it.
The staff were watching him with widened eyes, and when he noticed that the head butler, Mr.  Lestrade, was watching him as well, he cleared his throat, "T- thank you, Mr. Lestrade, I'm looking forward to get to know you all."
A sinking feeling and bud of doubt nestled itself in the back of his mind. What if it wasn't flirting, what if John was misinterpreting their little run-ins. Most importantly, what if it was a little fling and his feelings wouldn't be reciprocated.
Sherlock looked up from his microscope in the kitchen to John who was leaning against the partition. "Hm?"
"Absolutely lovely now that you lot have shown up. I was hoping you would stop by again Sherlock, how long has it been since you came back here? Now with all that running around London looking for that wretched murderer."
Once given permission from his Lordship on that dreadfully awkward day, John had started his well thought out system, constructing a large barrel right beside the shed that he encouraged his workers to throw away all of the dead and dry waste from the day. During the rest of the summer months were the busiest and during the winter months, well....work was very slow. It was then when the gardeners were responsible for dealing with the snow out the front, clearing pathways for motor vehicles, and collecting wood for the house.
. John's mouth went dry and his stomach churned; eyes viciously scanning the small paragraph before him. "Sherlo-"
A small thump from the bedroom brought him back home in 221B and he wasted no time running straight to the source.
“That's a new shiner,” Greg pointed out the colouring bruise and small cut, “Did ‘you-know-who’ give it to ya?”
Sherlock gently snatched John out from his pocket and noticed the tear welled eyes that had blurred the ocean blue in them. His face fell and without even a second thought nuzzled his little husband before taking him into the restroom and laying him down into the water so he was a floating ball of spikes. Sherlock remained silent as he gently soaped him up and scrubbed him off, dabbing at John with a towel when he was finished and then just sitting on the toilet seat, with knees up and John sitting atop them.
"Fiddle?!" The voice from upstairs growing in anger. "Before stepping into a studio such as this, you might want to brush up on your knowledge of instruments! Or did the tea and cookies somehow clog your brain on their way to your stomach?"
The older woman laughed out loud while Sherlock looked on, a tad concerned. “Oh heavens, is that what the children are discussing nowadays? Oh, Sherlock, John did no such thing.”
Sherlock gave him an inquisitive look and his eyes wandered the doctors face, as if looking for something. It was cut short unfortunately, when the waiter - Peter was it? - returned to whisper something in Sherlock's ear. A little fire rose in John's belly and he couldn't for the life of figure out whatever for. It was an odd feeling, one he hadn't felt in a very long time. Yet, as he continued to stare at the lips moving closely (too close for his liking) to Sherlocks ear, he couldn't help the need to adjust himself more upright in his chair, puffing his chest subconsciously.
"You are out of practise is all, once you get on that stage and perform at the banquet Dr. Watson it will be old hat."
As the boy flipped the page, Sherlock tapped Geoff’s shoulder and gently pushed him from their hiding spot, “Remember what I told you to say,” he whispered.
He had read everything on: how to clean them properly, how to potty train a hedgehog and what to feed them. His mind palace had even stored the information right next to the apex of John Watson that had taken up most of the space. When he was done, and his eyes threatened to close permanently, Sherlock scooted further down the couch and allowed sleep to consume him.
"Just a small prick, you won't feel a thing." He whispered lining up the tip of the needle to the vein in John's arm and pushed it in, slowly draining the contents into his husbands arm. Once it was emptied, he pulled it out and placed a cotton ball in the area for protection.
Sherlock panicked, reaching for his phone in his trouser pocket and typed out a snarky text before hitting send.
Sherlock chuckled gripping his abdomen from the pain shortly afterward, “You're not wrong. Welcome to my house, John.”
Sherlock hummed in response and floundered back to the kitchen. After his mind taking in what he read and running through several questions, John jumped back to Earth. "W-what did you mean about 'another murder'?" The sound of glass being swept up from the kitchen stopped momentarily before starting up again.
All of that was lost when he heard a gentle clearing of a throat from the stage. Catching his eye almost instantly, Sherlock was positioned atop it with a violin rested under his chin and the bow delicately held in the other. John couldn't believe his eyes at the way the light caught him; his body behind softly outlined and face shaped with such precision. A breath caught in John's throat when he began to play. It was beautiful. So beautiful that John couldn't recall the last time a tear formed in his eye at the sound of an instrument, or the sight of a wonderful man, for that matter.
"Bodies?...Son, are you right of mind?" The man glared at his hand and his face twisted, "That whiskey could be the cause..." he continued and proceeded to take the roll of bandages from John's grasp.
His thoughts were broken as the empty chair across from him was pulled back and a curly haired musician sat down. "John."
Miss went through most of the alphabet until coming to H and flagging Sherlock instantly, “Mr. Holmes” she called and he raised his hand with an audible sigh. She continued, “Sherlock comes to us from a private school just North of London, so please be kind if you see him in the halls. I'm sure many of you will run into him in other classes so-“
Sherlock pulled out a small glass vial from his satchel and crouched over the crystal water. This would be an ideal sample for his experiment. Tonight was the perfect night to venture from the cave, as his older brother had duties to attend to with the other dragons. 'Stay put, Sherlock, I expect for you to be here when I return', Mycroft had told him before proceeding down the tunnel to their kingdom.
Sherlock had always dreaded this particular hallway on the way to the library. Barely any teachers passed through it so almost any and every bully could get away with one thing or another.
." Sherlock strode past the two gentleman and handed John a slightly crumpled sheet of paper. "Keep me up to date with any news, Lestrade." With that, the consulting detective grabbed his hat and coat and was out the door before anyone could speak another word.
“It is a special occasion, your highness, so I brought your finest silk tunics and tabards. Is there one that’s caught your eye?”
“Seriously?” John looked amazed for a split second before reading the coy smile on the other boy's lips, “Tosser."
"S-Sherlock..." he breathed, and cleared his throat again. "B-but I have a job meeting to go to, and well, as they say 'time waits for no man'."
John went back to work at he other man's neck once again, as he fumbled with his hands to release his lover from the confines of his pants. Once he made contact with the heated flesh, Sherlock arched up and let out another moan. John couldn't take the sounds, each one headed straight to his groin.
"What was that about?" John asked cautiously, still feeling anxious and uncomfortable from the happenings that had just transpired. There was just the sound of paper shuffles that filled the flat and Sherlock remained silent.
"E-excuse me" John called up front, his hand nervously tapping against his thigh. Just as he looked out the car window the familiar sign of Speedy's swept past them. John reached for his cane as his mind raced and his reflexes began to kick in. He slowly started to lean toward the driver as he pulled his cane up and rammed it-
Sherlock held up a hand to stop him, “No! Don't tell.” The older man's eyes raked up and down Jacob and he tried so hard to hold his grip on the situation but almost failed. “Domestic? Cheating? Knocking up another woman...? Ah no matter, you’ll be dead in the morning anyways. John!” Sherlock called over his shoulder up the stairs and into the flat without noticing the practically fainting boy in front of him, “Get your Browning, we have business to take care of!” He turned back instantly and grabbed Jacob by the shoulders, pulling him inside and to the steps. “Up. Now.”
John opened up his mouth to retort once again when he felt a cool hand on his face. The contact make him shudder but he could not feel any protest in himself to pull back from it. The hand rested on his cheek and John felt his breathing even out. Looking up into the grey-blue eyes of the musician allowed him to feel a slight tinge of peace and comfort. It was odd to him at first, but the longer he stared into them, the more comfort he felt.
The two of them were examining the rare Botelyth Beatle further into the foliage when a woman's voice frantically called Johnuin’s name in the distance.
"It was nice to finally meet the 'fiddler' from upstairs." He grinned and saw one side of Sherlock's mouth turn up.
"Sir. Sir!" A deep and calming voice broke through his thoughts and John sniffed and rubbed at his eyes before slowly lowering his hands and opening them. A bit of reality caught him as the venue morphed back before his eyes. The stage light caused him to squint as his eyes took time to readjust.
"What is it now?" John grumbled, stepping into the sleek automobile and resting his cane on the seat space beside him.
More than anything he wanted John to apologise for what he did, why should he be the one to do it first? But as the anger started to die down in his system, and his brain started to boot up and replay yesterday's events, John did kind of cover him. More than anyone had ever done in regards to standing up for Sherlock Holmes.
“A lot of good that will do, Sherlock. Bloody hell, you tried to reject paying and that tosser went and ruined your lunch, let alone turn his attention to
"John what is it that your staring at?" Sherlock grinned, knowing very well what the good doctor was indeed doing, but stepped over and joined him on the bench. "Now, what shall we play?"
But Sherlock was undeterred, keeping himself rooted on the spot. This boy didn't even look that intimidating. So why was everyone scared of him? “I would like to make a deal with you, Watson” he said, earning a questioning glance before being roughly shoved out of the way.
"Easy, your clothes. Hand-me-downs or bought at the secondhand shop. The little pull at the end of the cuff of your jacket, the remnants of an oil stain on your flat-cap. Tried to clean it off; soap and water only does so much."
John carefully leaned the the wrapped parcel on the doorframe and outreached his hand to Sherlock. "Thank you."
Time was edging closer to when the prince would be officially announced at court. The ballroom was ornately decorated with glass and crystal, making it shine even as the light outside began to cast low in the sky.
big of a deal in his opinion, he never had a ‘growing up’ party. Especially when he had just turned twenty five years almost a month ago!
A minute passed by and the deceive remained silent on the line. John looked on with puzzlement and then watched the other man's face remain still - like a mask. He frowned when the telephone was put back in its place and Sherlock began rummaging through papers on the table.
Readjusting himself he thanked Mike and then turned his head to look for the raven haired man; but he was gone. "Who was that?" John blinked with a frown.
Lunch came a lot slower than usual. Sherlock and Greg ended up taking the normal table at the back but void of lunch this time 'round.
It felt as if he had just walked out of the pub after a few pints because his legs started to shake and his head began throbbing. Putting most of his weight on his cane, John went to the closest kitchen wall and leaned against it; droplets of sweat forming on his brow as his breath began to falter. Around him voices began to grow distant and the figure of Sherlock blurred before his eyes as the man rapidly examined every inch of the room. It was the voice of who he believed was Inspector Dimmock that cut through the white noise and a solid grab to his arm that was the last thing he remembered before everything went black.
Jim's eyes flared and his jaw clenched. Sherlock could guess that he reached the end of the line with them, now that John wasn't bothering to protect him anymore. He felt the hit to the face before even seeing it, then the knee to the ribs. Sherlock's vision blacked out for a bit before realizing that he was being dragged by his shoulders down the empty hallway.
John's head hit the door and a laugh rumbled through his chest. Of course he heard me. When he opened it, Sherlock was positioned at the window, back facing him and hands clasped behind him.
"For too many years I've seen nothing but rot and decaying corpses - bullets pushed into the brains of soldiers I once called 'friend', never once did I back down. My leg might be scathed and useless to me, but my strength is not."
“He's not my ‘puppy’.” Sherlock shot back, already feeling his fists clenching. They were outnumbered, he knew, and he wanted to avoid as much physical contact as he could, being the slim, tall and ‘nerdy’ type that got him made fun of at his last school. But he knew, even now, than to let people get under his skin. His brother had taught him that.
"Jesus, John! What the bloody hell have you done?!" Hoisting his limp friend onto his shoulders, Greg guided John back to the loveseat.
Jim laughed hysterically, clutching at his sides until two recognizable figures emerged from behind lockers. Sherlock heard Greg swallow uncomfortably, shuffling backwards. “C-C’mon, Sherlock let's get to class.”
"If you accept my job offer, John, I will not only offer you a slight form of income -  in which a quarter can go towards rent - but also a place to sleep."
Johnuin startled when he felt hands grab at his shoulders. He groaned as Yela was starting to pull him to his feet when the black dragon - Moriarty - lunged and knocked into the stone walls of the ballroom, Sherlock just managing to dodge out of the way.
A female voice flitted in through the silence and Jake thanked the maker for the attention change. “Just lovely to be back and around such good people,” Mrs. Hudson chimed, looking fondly at Jake with a wink.
“Oh really now?” Moriarty piped up in an eerie sing song voice, “Dragons are just little children's stories that are told before bedtime aren't they…well, highness…want to see a fairytale come to life?”
A call from the back room behind the counter caught both men's attention. "I best be - um off then." John motioned toward the door sheepishly before following the voice.
Reaching for his cane, John ventured on toward the staircase until his eyes travelled to the standing mirror in the corner. He stared at his reflection with distaste; examining over his worn and tampered frame and up to his tired and sickly pale face that looked like death itself. He cursed the dark circles under his eyes - marking the incident of last night and the battle trophy of yesterday - and his tosseled hair.
"Might I test something else...?" John reached for the taller man's upper arms to grip, as he pulled himself up from his seat and shifted his weight on his good leg. Once properly situated, John's hand snaked up the other man's neck and into the dark and soft curls at the back of his head. He gently tugged at them, pulling Sherlock down to capture those perfect lips into a heated kiss.
Sherlock hummed in response but something caught his eye under one of the stalls. A black shoe. But not just any black shoe…. a scuffed up one. Before he could open his mouth, a flush came from one of the stalls and none other than John Watson himself walked out, completely ignoring the two fools rambling off. He walked straight to an empty sink to wash his hands as the two other silent boys in the loo watched on.
When he blotted as much of the tea as he could, Greg balled up the towel and threw it to the end table beside john. "There was something on your door. Must've missed it when you came it." He walked to his coat, reaching into the inside pocket and pulling out a folded letter. He unfolded it and set it in Johns lap before walking to the window and opening up the curtains.
John bowed his head in apology and then returned to his task. Stepping outside into the gravel path once more, he fished his flat cap out from his jacket pocket and secured it on his head before beginning the long trek into town.
When all of the supplies were stacked in the main foyer, Jacob was getting his mobile ready to make a quick call when Rosie practically ran into him with a small wrapped parcel, “No need to call a cab, Jacob!”
John straightened up in his chair and grabbed for his cane, hoisting himself up in an attempt to face off. "Hold on a minute. What's going on?"
It felt like several hours of them just staring at each other before the man broke the silence, "You really-" his voice cracked a little before he cleared it and continued. "You really think so?..."
"It's poison, isn't it?" John stared into the mug that was placed in his hands as he lounged on his red plush seat. Sherlock didn't even blink, selecting the leather seat across to fold his legs on.
Just as she finished her sentence, the chime to her phone went off and she beamed at her fiancée, “He's here!”
Sherlock sucked in a breath before the doctors mouth crashed into his own. It was like a building fire that started on his lips and trailed all the way to his stomach and John couldn't help bury his hands in the nest of curls to deepen the kiss.
John was annoyed at the comments that were being made about his worker. So far, Anderson was more than capable at his job and even more so as his right hand. "I will be the one to judge that, my Lord. Now if you will excuse me, I must return to work." John bowed his head again and situated himself back on his hands and knees to resume scrubbing.
Sherlock had barely gotten any sleep the previous night, thinking of ways in which to ‘aplogise’ - as Lestrade has put it - to John Watson about his erratic behavior. Sherlock had still believed he was in the right; that John had no form of consent to snip even a single hair off of his head. But upon meticulously checking himself in the mirror that morning, found that the other boy's observation was correct. It wasn't even noticeable.
Sherlock didn't even bother to retort but held the book out in front of him. John went to reach for it but he pulled it back, just missing the other boys grasp. “Now, now. I haven't even made my proposition to you.”
"If I wasn't currently aware that you took on the position of a worker, I would assume a gesture such as that, insulting."
John had just finished tying up the white bow tie around his neck when he heard the familiar voice of his flatmate call him from downstairs. He went to his bedroom door as quickly as possible and carefully maneuvered down the flight of steps to be breathless at the sight before him. Dressed in an all black dinner suit with tail and hair that was prim and neatly gelled back stood the consulting detective. His blue-grey eyes rushed over John before fixing themselves on his eyes.
. Anderson cleared his throat and leaned on his elbows on the counter, challenging the taller man. "And pray tell, how can you claim my business is failing?"
John cleared his throat and sat down, twiddling his fingers on the table. "I'm sorry. I misread the situation and I did not mean to offend you in any way."
Sherlock just shook his head, resting his arms on the table and his chin in his hands, ready for a good sulk.
Sherlock took a second to get his thoughts in order but dug into his pockets to pull out the cash, dropping it in his palm. John looked at it then back at Sherlock, his brows furrowing. “I want today's as well.”
"Just in time and only one act before you. They have a very quaint back room if you want to take a dab at your face." Mike let out a breathy chuckle as he leaned a little closer to John's ear, "even have some whiskey, I've been told."
"Two months and he's already got you running around London making appearances at venues and hunting down killers." He added, tapping down on Johnathan's face that mocked the cover of the issue.
There was silence between them for a short time. It was a silence that didn't feel awkward or deafening, but one that they both needed. Sherlock took a breath, “You're a good person, John Watson, a good friend. Don't you forget that.”
It was not odd for Lords and Ladies to take on lovers, especially those of the same sex. In fact, it was pretty normal. At his last area of employment, the master of the house had one of his footman taken on as one, Timmothy was his name. He was a kind and considerate man who would talk on a regular basis about how his Lordship would treat him well. It was later on that their relationship bloomed and Timmothy was no longer a footman, but engaged to the Lord of the house. They were to be wed this spring before a sickness consumed the master and he passed away. Timmothy took over the house then, after it was turned over to him in the will. He decided to let go most of the workers as he had no need of them, and wanted them to move on. He had no issues in giving them all well deserved references before locking the doors of the house in a wave of depression.
’….secondly,” John got up from his seat, left hand clenching as he tried to dig through the mass of books for his own “You and cheekbones need to stop following me!” John shuffled furiously around the pile until he grabbed a white covered book and all but stormed out.
Sherlock hummed in response before folding his hand on the table and edging forward a little in his chair. "May I ask what those papers were?"
“So...ya hung up on me last night and I had to ask Molly what we missed. Thanks very much for that, by the way.”
There was a small piece of orange, sliver of raw steak and a cube of cheese. All of this was of course accompanied by a small dish of milk. John sniffed it warily.  "Oh for god sakes, John, it's not spoiled!" John had just looked at him and Sherlock could right away image the human equivalent of an sarcastic eyebrow raise.
John had to admit, when he sent a kind smile his Lordships way, the man had quite breath-taking eyes. They were a mixture of green and blue that caught his attention right away and John had to pull back his attention, making sure to bow his head. "Good morning, my Lord."
“Boys, Sherlock has some ideas to improve our game play. If we think it’s any good, I’ll take him to meet the coach this afternoon. He might be able to help us.”
“That applies to you, too. In fact, that's what you led me to believe — that Moriarty won,” John argued.
It broke John’s heart. “Oh, Sherlock. I don’t think you did either,” he agreed, standing and walking closer to put a hand on each of Sherlock’s arms.
you keep to yourself… we really could use some more real-time data on some of the local patrons,” she admitted.
“I don’t know, I think I’m just in my head too much now, and I just didn’t… I just don’t know how to switch it off.”
Suddenly he froze, dustpan in mid-air, the thought gone. Mycroft was confused by the sudden change, but John’s eyes were fixed on one place only.
“No, Sherlock. No. It’s fine honestly, I’ll just let him know training went late – last one before the game, he’ll take that. You don’t have to worry about me…wait...your driver??”
,” Mary said, with so much vitriol there were tears in her eyes. “Each of us had a task, a purpose along the way. I’ve been watching you since the pool, you know. And it worked out perfectly when you survived the fall, Sherlock,and went on your adventures to try and take everyone down. It gave us time to work on inserting ourselves into position, in case you made it back alive. John was such a hero, carrying you out of there like that. I saw the photos. I was genuinely moved and exceedingly surprised you both made it.”
John smarts at the impertinence of this stranger. He’s only ever felt obligated to answer to his superiors in the military or when working in a hospital – where chain of command is essential. Perhaps, occasionally, he would be forthcoming to an officer with a police badge that has the right to ask him something. This man looks important, but could be anyone at this point.
“Oomph,” John let out embarrassingly, looking up to be nearly nose to nose with that boy with the strange name from his class.
angry. There was no way he could walk out now. So, he closed the lid to the toilet and sat on top, lifting his legs quietly off the floor as well to rest on the rim, and hoping this person didn’t notice he was in one of the stalls.
Once the fever had gone down, Sherlock had been sleeping more restfully. John had continued to read by his side, keeping a close eye on any signs of breathing faster or showing signs of disturbed sleep. His presence seemed to keep Sherlock calm.
“Does everyone know that name – the tri… whatever?” Greg asked, sounding irritated at his lack of knowledge.
“Oh, sure, right. Sorry. I didn’t mean to…I can just…” John began awkwardly, starting to get up. He shouldn't have pushed so hard. Why did he always have to be like this?
Still no word from the parents. No missing children reported. This only made him angrier, as he stepped out on to the street and hailed the first cab he could see to take him home. How could anyone with a little girl like that
“Right, yeah sure, help yourself. My cook was meant to open up early and get started and she’s bloody slept in, hasn’t she? So, you have free reign of the joint before any customers come in. What’s your coffee? I’ll get that sorted.”
“Are you…?” he asked Mycroft, his brow furrowing in thought as he tried to piece together the clues, looking back at Lestrade for a moment. Lestrade avoided all eye contact.
“You would do that?” Sherlock was surprised. No one, bar James, had ever skipped class with him before.
“Of course, you can’t. No one can. But now you’re the boy who cried wolf. You kept him in the dark and he lost you, and it broke him. And now you’ve hidden how unwell you were feeling, and here we are.”
He takes a couple of sneaky photos of his favourite plants, on his phone, before stowing it back in his pocket and continuing on his walk. He follows the path beside the lovely house straight into the forest, and onwards for a new adventure.
“How did you…” John pushed himself up on his elbows, squinting from the pain, but wanting to be involved in the case discussion. “Never mind. Go on?”
Sherlock reappears, looking possibly more annoyed. “You really are stating the obvious, today, John. Me calling you brilliant must have been a lack of judgement.”
“No sorry I was just…and then you just…and I didn’t want to…so I…” John stopped and looked at the boy completely humiliated and realised he was stammering like an idiot. He squared his shoulders and cleared his throat. “Sorry,” he settled on.
After furiously trying to find some phrases in his book, it slips out of his hand, landing right between the man’s beautiful leather shoes and John stares at it, frozen to the spot. He finally dares to look up at the man who is standing so steadfast, unflinching and calm. It’s completely humiliating.
As he moved back into position after a particularly good play, he glanced over to take in Sarah and her friends, to flash her a smile and feel their adulation. They were giggling and waving at him and bouncing up and down in excitement. The team was winning. He was so happy, so completely relaxed and happy without a care in the world. Before his eyes came back to the field, something caught his eye, a movement in the stands, someone finding a spot to sit, on the far side of the stands on the far aisle, a few rows up. He recognised that tall, lean figure with those curls anywhere, and he was completely distracted all of a sudden.
The look John saw there made him sigh. John’s mouth curved up into a gentle knowing smile. “You’re better at it than you think,” he said.
“Right…” John said, coming back into the lounge room, trying to cover his deceptiveness with a brighter tone – probably wasted on Sherlock who would instantly know he was up to something. But Sherlock ignored him as he read, and for the first time John really looked at what Sherlock was so engrossed in.
“Sherlock that’s not it and you know it. That’s not your typical behaviour, not how we normally behave together, and that’s a concern to me. But let me assure you, I
“Oh he’s very sweet though, Sherlock. Don’t be too hard on him, he’s just worried about you. How long have you two been together, anyway?” she asked, as she fed the pillow into the fresh fabric. “Sherlock?” she asked when he didn’t answer.
“John!” Sherlock exclaims, leaping from his chair and rushing over to throw himself at John, before even bothering to read the situation, or John’s mood.
“You’re keeping count?” John pulls back a bit, so Sherlock can turn in his arms and kiss him, which Sherlock happily does.
“Tattoo was on his leg,” Greg pointed out, feeling a bit more excited. “And your strongman’s tattoo was…”
“You always did underestimate, Sherlock. You always forget the human factor in your calculations. That was what John brought to Baker Street…”
Sherlock didn’t speak but moved closer to the bars too, until he was leaning his head against them, close to John’s hands, the curls tickling John’s fingers. John let three of his fingers open just enough to stroke them for a moment.
“Lord’s saints!” she let out on a loud whisper, before putting her finger to her lips to shush him, gesturing in the direction of the bedroom with her head. “He’s sleeping.”
Sherlock let the cough die down, eyes closed in what seemed to be pain, nodding to John in reassurance but saying nothing. He removed his own coat and scarf quietly, threw them over John’s chair, and headed to the kitchen to put the kettle on.
“No time,” John said with a smug smile, winking at him as he swallowed down the sweet liquid. Sherlock always had too much sugar in his tea. It made his wink turn into a squint for a moment; it hurt his teeth. He moved to the couch to put on his shoes, as he heard Greg run up the stairs and into the flat.
“John you can’t just—” Donovan shook her head, trying to decide where to begin, not knowing how to explain.
“I suspect it’s abuse, gone too far. I want to wait for more information - see how the bruises come up tomorrow.
“So does that mean you’re going to die too?” he asked, brightening, feeling hopeful for the first time.
The workers don’t even look up, aside from a quick glance at him. The bar is busily preparing for the interval crowd, the flower lady all set up to sell flowers again. John stops to look at them and makes a decision. He buys a single red rose from her with thanks and takes himself over to the box office.
“What?” John was caught by surprise. All Sherlock focussed on was the work. When he wasn’t playing with Rosie, that was. Everything had always been about the cases.
, Sherlock mused quietly to himself. He couldn’t even say it aloud to imaginary John. He swallowed hard. He knew this was his own mind talking in John’s voice. But his biggest fear was that all the work they had done to push John away, to keep him safe, might mean that he would never see John again. Or if he did, that he may never be forgiven for it. He had made great progress until this ridiculous hiccup. This temporary setback. But Sherlock didn’t enjoy being stuck in one place, only his mind to occupy him. It was never healthy. John served nicely for some visual variety at least, but he was getting meaner, the longer Sherlock was stuck here.
They both just stand there, in silence. Sherlock breaks the tension by walking to the door to grab his coat and put it on. The nagging in his head won’t stop, so he thinks about saying something again.
“Yes, I can’t say I’m happy about that. I’ll take this with me, John. And I think you’re right, I best take the coat back too. You just focus on Sherlock,” Greg offered, as he started back out the door.
“He’s probably a better manager than he is a brother, honestly. But I know his heart is in the right place. We don’t really talk about it. I imagine it’s a bit like your relationship with Harry: complicated.”
“I…,” John says in surprise, before taking them in properly – the tall, gorgeous, slightly intimidating man from the store. “
, seemed to be friendly enough and English also, which was a relief. His anxieties over his lack of German skills had been instantly relieved as he realized that at least the person he might need to rely on, to stock his fridge, would understand him. He had quickly grabbed some tinned goods, fresh bread and milk to tide him over while he got settled, promising to come back and shop properly in a day or two.
“Shhh, don’t talk, save your strength John. You’ll be fine,” Sherlock said, his voice betraying his terror, though.
John closed his mouth and his eyes tightly, angry at himself for almost saying something he shouldn’t have. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him, calculating.
Mycroft blushed again. He looked up to see Mary watching them, before she adjusted her curls around her ear nervously and looked back at her book.
“You’ve called me a great many things, and most of the time they are true.” Sherlock smiled at him, squeezing his arm a bit tighter in reassurance.
The loss of control happens within seconds, the song coming to a screeching halt as his brain stutters, the notes vanishing suddenly, the violin dropping from his hands, fingers shaking. As if time has slowed into a sluggish mass, he hears himself gasp, as he watches the instrument drop, unable to stop it.
“Right class, you have your assignment to keep working on for homework. And read ahead to the next chapter before our next lesson. Anderson! Put that back for heaven’s sake,” the teacher yelled as students started rushing out of the room to lunch break.
On the bus trip back, the whole team was cheering and singing in celebration. Everyone had hugged and thanked Sherlock for pushing them harder and the coach had affirmed that Sherlock wasn’t going anywhere. He was essential to the team now. John had found a spot at the very back corner of the bus for them though, sensing that they needed some space, alone.
“A young girl, not more than two or three years old, I’d say,” Lestrade said, his voice laced with meaning that Sherlock was missing.
you have proof? Because I swear to god if you sent Sherlock Holmes out to look into some sort of Moriarty fuelled crime-syndicate I may have trouble proving he didn’t kill that woman!” The vein on Greg’s forehead had popped out angrily from the stress.
“Point taken.” Sherlock decided not to argue anymore. It was always better to just let him do what needed to be done, so he felt useful.
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.” Mycroft hung up the phone, closing his eyes tight. “Damn it,” he said under his breath, dropping back to the pillow.
What would a friend do in this instance? When one’s friend was MIA? Surely he should be useful, helpful? He had never really done that before. He decided to quietly go about collecting work from each of the teachers. He took his notes to the library and copied them, making a little folder of work for John with all the notes and handouts. He would deliver them to John so he didn’t fall behind.
It gave Sherlock a little boost to think that maybe John had told Mike they were friends. But he was incredibly anxious to find out what had happened to John. He was probably just sick – maybe he had a flu or something – but Sherlock’s gut was in knots all the same. He hadn’t known John very long. Most of his feeling had developed purely in his own head, from watching him at a safe distance. Listening in to conversations, observing him as he smiled and laughed with Mike and with Sarah, and with the football team. In the space of only a few days, Sherlock was completely smitten with John Watson. He was attractive in a conventional way and when he smiled the room lit up. Of course people wanted to know him and spend time around him. He glowed. Somehow, unlike most new people, that glow had made people like him despite his ratty clothes. He had smoothly transitioned in with the popular people. And Sherlock? Well Sherlock was always going to be the pale, awkward dark figure in the back corner, hiding in the shadows, watching from afar. That was where he was comfortable, where he deserved to be. John’s light was too bright for him. He knew that. Still, he liked that maybe they were friends at least. That made him smile to himself.
“Ok class, attention please. All eyes up here. That means you too Anderson,” the teacher directed to everyone.
Sherlock’s nose pointed to the ceiling in defiance. John stood watching him, trying to figure out from his posture what this was. Sherlock’s toe was tapping incessantly on the rug.
John flinched as the photographer’s camera flashed aggressively, capturing the humiliation of this poor woman on film for all time. As he half listened to Lestrade and Anderson talking quietly, he allowed his eyes to leave Sherlock for a moment and glance over at the woman: naked, lying on her back, for all the world to see. Despite his medical blindness, he couldn’t help wishing they would finish with the photography and cover her up. She was someone’s daughter, sister, wife maybe? Her hair was a medium length and straight, the layered cut in a vivid purple dye stood out brazenly against the crisp white of the hotel sheets, and her alabaster-complexioned shoulders. Somehow though, aesthetically, the blend of the bright purple coupled with the red blood was almost artistic against the white. John shuffled his feet nervously on the cheap carpet, the thought catching him off guard.
That thought makes the laughter die down in his throat and Sherlock lets himself sink down into the ice-cold depths again, to chase it away.
John turned away, unable to make eye contact as Greg grabbed the print-outs from Mycroft’s hand, and walked them over to Sherlock, to try and cover up John’s decision to tap out momentarily.
“We found a way to jump someone to where they wanted to be, for a length of time we could decide. And just send them there. It’s all determined here by the team and approved by Mycroft – it all requires approvals and cross-checking first, of course.”
kill her, and the link is unfortunate?” John said, unable to contain his extreme responses now. “Sorry, I just… I can’t!” he shouted as he walked out. Molly and Greg stood silently together for a moment.
The students let out another cheer and one of the boys behind him gave him a nudge. “Go on," they urged. Sherlock walked up anxiously as everyone watched. It was the longest walk of his life, but as soon as he arrived, the team swarmed him and started cheering.
“If I was bored… you said that I could come and help you?” Sherlock reminds him, looking slightly embarrassed.
“John, you need to be there when they start tapering off the medications again. Without a familiar face he’ll undoubtedly be… distraught.”
Greg’s face dropped a little at the insult, but he couldn’t think of another retort, so he just sat awkwardly waiting, watching Sherlock read the paper, until John leapt up from the sofa.
The second club was across town from the first one. Sherlock had been seen on the footage, leaving in a cab. Anderson believed he headed there next.
Sherlock had managed to stay away from the flat for hours. He had completely lost track of time. He was surprised when he walked out of Bart’s and there was still daylight, only to realise that he had probably been there for twenty-four hours or more. When he focussed hard and didn’t eat, the days sort of blurred together. He looked at his watch. It was actually late afternoon already. Almost forty hours since he had last been home, in fact.
“You’re staying?” Sherlock replied, his eyes brightening as he slowly settled himself back on the pillows, looking towards John.
John can’t tell if Sherlock is pleased with his lot in life or saddened by it. And he’s unsure of how much to ask. They get to the car, and John starts to scrape the snow off the windscreen. Sherlock, very unhelpful, leans against the side and continues talking, hands in his coat pockets again.
Today is cold and dreary, the rain hasn’t stopped all morning and all Sherlock can think about is longing for John to be here with him, so they could coil around each other under the blankets, enjoying the rain sounds, wasting the day away together, exploring each other in the nicest possible way. Instead, the rhythm of the water against the window and the dripping from the down pipe outside the flat, are disturbing his composing, interfering with the music in his head until it has rendered him useless. The daydreaming is a much nicer option, until the knocking interrupts him, that is.
“It’s okay, Mycroft. I’ve had… plenty of time to come to terms with that. I’m here, to make sure he’s okay, that he gets through this. But I know where I belong. Where he wants me or
It is Sherlock’s turn to say ‘shut up’ now, voice muffled. “There wasn’t much time for packing. I got here right after the tour. Changed flights in London. Came from Florida.”
Sherlock? If things didn’t work between them? Would he still want to be here at this school? He sat deep in thought. Sherlock watched his brain working overtime.
It’s the same plead as the one that he had heard from a man with his daughter, boarding a plane to start a new life. “Take care of him and tell Sherlock I love him,” said the man who used to be known as John Watson. Now his name is William Grace and with his daughter Amy he is starting a new life in New Zealand.
She nods slowly, but there isn’t anything she could do. “I’m sorry,” she says. “I’m a police officer, there’s nothing I can do.”
Sherlock stares at the top of John’s head peaking over the top of the newspaper, his dark blue eyes flicking back and forth as he reads about mundane events happening in the cesspool that is London.
As soon as Janice spots them, she drops her tools and runs out of the door. Prepared for this, Greg and Sally take off after her.
They are approaching the Waterloo Bridge without Janice showing a sign of slowing down. “Get out of the way,” Lestrade yells at startled pedestrians. “Police!”
She nods and stands up with John. Mycroft, a silent figure in the room until this moment, also stands and announces, “I’ll escort them home, Detective Inspector,” he says with a tone of indifference. “Shall we?” He holds the door open for the Watsons and looks back at Greg and Sally. “I will have my PA send details on Janice Small. I trust that you will see that she is brought in.”
“I have this case,” Lestrade says, opening the file. Sherlock doesn’t move while Lestrade lays out the case. This case is shorter than most and by the end of retelling the case, Lestrade has some ideas the he should chase down. He misses how Sherlock would’ve ripped him apart for being an incompetent police officer in his opinion, but Sherlock doesn’t say anything.
“Rosamund?” Sherlock asks as he completes his search for the biscuits with no avail. “Did you take the last biscuit?”
Sherlock tried his best to catch a peak of what the wording said, but was dragged over to the heap of pillows and gently dropped off, view of it completely blocked by John's body rummaging around an old lunchbox.
Johnuin chuckled, swaying to the music while the man led them around the room, “Quite an observation. Are you master in reading people's thoughts, sir?”
The man held his breath for a second before focusing back on the prince, “You're a bit of a puzzle, prince Johnuin. What I say may not be what you wish to hear. Some secrets are always up for being revealed, is this your consent, highness?”
Easily enough, John decided to go with a ham and swiss, accompanied by a fresh cup of black tea. He settled down at a table by the window, placing his cane beside him, and took out the crumpled employment sheets, laying them out in front.
"You had an event tonight. Mike told me to come and get you. You know, so you couldn't make up another excuses about not having a lift to get there and such."
Sorry for this late chapter! Life's kinda all over the place and I'm almost done school soooo there's a ton of homework to finish up >.<
Sherlock turned his narrowed gaze to Greg, who in turn tried to hide a snicker behind a hand. “It's quite funny actually, seeing you pine over him. Craving his attention.”
Alone, in the confines of their usual shared room in the studio, the two men continued to practise for the day that loomed over their heads. Of course, John was well prepared in performing the song of choice, but that wasn't the cause of the growing uncomfortable feeling that plagued his stomach. It was the thought of others.
When John opened his eyes he saw a figure at the doorframe. Dressed in tattered military clothes, dawning a cropped military cut and several new bruises and wounds, stood his old Commander. His face looked saddened and soft as he stared intently at the sprawled out doctor.
John - who was still recovering and attempting to maintain a composed breathing pattern and heart rate - kept his eyes on the hand that still held him. Fingers delicately wrapped perfectly around, and he imagined how they would feel entwined with his own. He reddened at the thought and cleared his throat.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and caught the look of annoyance on John's face before he turned around to face non-other than Jim Moriarty. The dark black eyes of the other boy grew predator like as if he was planning this moment all morning. Irene stood beside him; chewing gum snapping between her teeth, with Wilkes on the other side - a dumb look on his face.
“Actually, my sweet little brother,” she joked, pinching his cheeks until they were red from her nails, “I’m nothing like a lady whatsoever, and I plan on never acting like one. I do very much enjoy my title as ‘The Odd Princess’. Let's not forget that three women had to stuff me in this god-awful gown.”
“I-I'll catch you at school tomorrow Cheekbones,” John grabbed his rucksack and walked straight to the door. Sherlock followed behind, mind racing while trying so desperately to figure what John was about to spill. It was all cut off, however, when John opened the door and was just turning to leave when he spotted Mycroft standing in the open door, eyes narrowed in a glare. “John Watson I presume.”
Sherlock walked the halls with purpose, too much purpose in fact that when turning the corner in the direction of the library he smacked right into Sebastian Wilkes.
The laugh that John made was humourless and hollow. It reverberated off the toilet walls leaving the room deadly silent afterward.
“Yes, love” the Queen asked, licking her thumb and running it over a dirt smudge just above her daughter's eyebrow. The act made Harriet cringe and pull away, but Yela tightened her hold until she was finished. “I'm all ears now, my love. What is it?”
Two months. Two months positioned back in London and already his mind was racing back to the battlefront. The screams and cries of fellow soldiers and enemies ringing through his ears. The single metal bullet standing erect on his end table. He could taste it now; the metallic revolver caressing the roof of his mouth as he gently pulled the trigger and....BAM. He could end it. Right here and right now, Dr. John Hamish Watson; Captain in the 5th Northumberland fusiliers, dead by his own hand.
“Don't mind if we do,” Greg grinned, pulling at Jake's arm until they both stood back in the sitting room.
"It's such a pity that you cannot sport colourful weeds in your pockets anymore, Watson. I did enjoy guessing which flower was bound to your breast."
“Tosser” John laughed, “C’mon, I'm taking you out of the hallway so I can take a better look at’cha at least.”
"Couldn't deduce it then?" John quipped through ragged breaths, getting a small smile from the musician and then continued; "What did-did I....say..anything?"
” Moran laughed and ruffled the greying hairs after spitting in his hand. Jim just chuckled at the event and turned on his heel toward the doors, “I won't forget this, Holmes” he called back over his shoulder, “I owe you a fall.”
“Must be well off then,” Greg voiced, managing to finally walk in stride with the slightly taller boy, “Wouldn't be sharing that information to just anyone though. Jim’s a right prick and goes collecting money from us unlucky blokes. If he hears you’re rolling in notes, lord knows he’ll be on you to donate as well.”
“Daddy!” Rosie beamed, making her way over to the older man and giving him a hug and kiss on the cheek.
She had just managed to stick her tongue out back at him when their mother approached the seat between them, shaking her head with a sigh. Yela had mouthed the word ‘behave’ before standing before her throne and addressing the crowd with a raised hand. “I welcome and thank all of you lords and ladies of the land to come and celebrate my sons important day into adulthood. Nineteen years from today marks the day that my boy was brought into this world and grew to become the kind, considerate, strong and thoughtful man he is now. I present my son, your prince, Johnuin!”
Again, Johnuin found himself on the ground; the cool tile acting a small comfort for what felt like hours before he realized he was being hoisted up by strong arms and carried quickly out into the darkness of night.
John felt a small trail of sweat form on his brow and he forced himself to stop his hands shaking.  He could almost see a hint of glee in the other man's eyes at his feeble state, almost as if a hunter setting up a snare for their prey. John cleared his throat, tamping down his self-consciousness,
When Sherlock turned to face his husband next to him on the sofa, he noticed the slight sheen of tears that threatened to fall from his eyes. Reaching over, Sherlock entwined their fingers together and pulled him into an embrace.
It felt like several hours had passed before she heard the rusting of grass behind her as footsteps approached, “My lady!” a voice called from behind.
There was a deep chuckle from behind them and not even a second later Sherlock was turned around to be faced with Jim's muscle, Sebastian Moran. “Seems like someone’s added to the canvas, eh? New bruises to match the old.”
Sherlock stalked over and glowered at his brother, "I need to know right now if it will work, Mycroft."
Sherlock shoved a sheet of paper with scrawl right in front of the doctors nose and waved it around furiously. "Look John, look!"
John's face contorted again. This time, he didn't look happy. “I covered your arse already today, stood in the queue for your damn lunch, AND took care of the little incident Irene left ya with! So yes, I want my share!”
"Army veteran, served in the pointless war, just came back two months ago and living in a flat here, in downtown London."
The man proceeded to empty the contents of the trunk as John stood on the sidewalk looking up at his new home. He was quite fortunate that such a cozy looking exterior could soon be partially his and he mentally wished the inside was just as nice. Removing his cap to run a hand through his hair, he proceeded to the front door and used the shiny brass knocker to knock on the welcoming door.
The two men stayed like that, in each other's arms, for what seemed like hours until Sherlock gently pushed back and cradled John's face in his hands. Their eyes met and John could not recall ever feeling a sense of security and grounding from another human being.
Sherlock remained silent, feeling a little defeated at the events that transpired after class. Why had John refused an offer after money had been involved? Clearly, the boy needed it since he kept showing up with ripped clothing and looked as if he hadn't showered in weeks. There was something about this John Watson that Sherlock couldn't deduce, and it was eating at his insides not knowing what.
The inspector cleared his throat and removed a tied up paper package, holding it out to Sherlock. "It's for you. If you've read the Strand then you know what it's 'bout."
"And what did you tell him?" Sherlock was still siphoning through stacks of papers, throwing them unceremoniously over his shoulder. Every time his nose would crinkle, or his eyes would roll, John would try to hold back a laugh at the impatient, part-time-consulting-detective-musician.
A boy, around 8 or 10, John assumed, came running through the doors and charged toward Sherlock with a letter in hand. He just about knocked into John as he flapped the paper out in front and tried to catch his breath. "Mr, Holmes! Telegram from inspector Lestrade!"
Seeing as John decided against leaving their bedroom after his shower, and now that around forty minutes had passed, Sherlock decided to go check on him - syringe in hand.
"Your obtrusive complaining and mockery is unnecessary!" He called up, venom leaking into his tongue. "How about you and your, 'fiddle', take a trip outside if it bothers you so!"
"Are you alright?" The calming tone asked, and he looked over to its owner. A very pale man with dark raven curly hair and piercing greyish-blue eyes caught his attention and John swallowed hard in response. When he managed to take his eyes off of the entrancing figure, he began looking around the room. Several people were stood up from their chairs, hand to their mouths and murmmering amongst themselves.
“I'm extremely disappointed in the lot of you. Especially you Mr Watson and Mr Moran - you both should have known better. I will discuss more with both of you later, as you will be staying here until your parents arrive. Mr Holmes and Mr Moriarty you both are signed up for detention tomorrow after classes. This behaviour is unexpected from you Mr Holmes, as a straight A student I expected more from you.”
Lestrade walked over, hands in pockets and grabbing a notebook and a pen, "Sebastian Moran, never heard of him. I'll head over to the yard and check some of the filing cabinets - see if I can pull anything up."
Two steaming dishes were set out in front of the two men and a woven basket of bread was placed in the centre - right next to the glowing candle. "Bon appetite." Another waiter smiled before leaving both men who were absorbing the large portions in front of them with their eyes.
"Very well." John smiled and then turned to his seat before the others started to flood in. Once Lestrade walked in, everyone rose from their seats in an orderly fashion until he raised his hands for them to be seated.
Footsteps from down the hallway beside them brought him back to his senses and he turned to see the familiar figure of his old friend.
With that, Sherlock left the sitting room and proceeded to his bedroom, door shutting firmly behind him. John sat for a while, still trying to process the events that had just unraveled before him.
“You wanted to prove your cleverness. Shame. Your GPA’s nothing to write home about, she was right.”
John cleared his throat in discomfort, “Calm down everyone! All is well Greg, you seem boat loads happier now that you have Molly.”
Without even bothering to turn his gaze, Sherlock had smiled widely with a fake and eerie grin, not even reaching his eyes. The baritone reply was so unsettling that it still haunts Jacob to this day as he tries to relax at night.
