But it’s Cas. Cas, who knows where the damn things is. Has it, maybe (oh, shitful God, make him have it here so he won’t be begging for nothing). Something about him feels different. Different enough Dean wants to turn around to see and understand what it is. He thinks he even did, as if on command, considering how he can now distinguish Cas’s outlines in the dark, and just a second ago he only saw the white dullness of his pillow. But here is where his initiative ends. The lock in the door turns, has them trapped. So a plan it apparently is, then. Dean’s hand senses the blade before his brain does. He grips the sheets till his knuckles go white. His nostrils flare, his pupils dilate. Now he really can’t let Cas leave. He’s gotta do something to keep him here (thank fuck the door’s locked; thank fuck Cas can’t fly). He wants to get up and swallow the key, just in case, but something’s got him pinned to the bed, timid and waiting. Trembling with apprehension.
“Think about it, Dean. Wouldn’t Sam dying be a good option to have you out of my way? Wouldn’t it let you have other things to focus on rather than stopping me? And before you say anything, I know you’re inclined to.” Of course. “And yet, here I am, willing to help you. To help your brother.”
Dean’s neatly folded anger spreads to the surface and leaks in tiny rivulets into the water he’s stupidly standing in, into his mouth.
Slowly, he maneuvers himself out of the firm grip and attempts to get up. He notices that he too is no longer naked. He’s wearing some kind of a light, white dress and although that change is more than suspicious (when did that happen? How long was he asleep?), he takes it with a bit of relief.
“Actually, Castiel, I can't call you that. This is a privilege that you've lost,” Dean answers with absolute conviction, but cut him in half, fuck his ass tenfold and rip him into pieces, he can't even logically explain why. He just knows, the way newborn children know they need to cry for their mothers, that he did lose it irreversibly somehow, no take backs allowed.
He returns to the fugly kitchen, which now bears absolutely no sign of what happened in it not that long ago. It’s beautifully clean, like freshly unwrapped from a gift box. Shows how little Castiel really knows about humans. No kitchen is homely if it doesn’t look like there’s people that actually ever use it.
Nadya, most likely processing the nickname and assessing Dean's fucking damage, looks at him bewildered in a Castiel-like manner. Dean kind of wants to beg her not to do that.
“I know that, dove,” he says calmly and smiles. “Which is why I don’t need to do anything to you. Do you understand?”
“Well, go choke,” Dean snarls quietly. “What the absolute fuck is going on there?” he asks Bobby much louder. “Tell him to piss off, we don't need that kind of damage right now.”
“Yes,” Castiel answers with ease that clearly shows he doesn’t see the huge potential problem with this.
With boner most likely killed, Castiel shakes his head at him in disappointment. Unfortunately, in exchange his gaze hardens. “Oh, and Dean,” which is already great because the bitchful
Dean is wary of this small, inconspicuous object. It just feels wrong. But he puts it on. The crowd goes even louder, now. He expects some kind of surge of power to wash over him or choke him, possibly a sudden rainstorm, anything. Still, the world doesn’t stop. Birds don’t cut their songs mid-note and the air doesn’t change.
“Figures someone so shitty would choose to remain absconditus,” Dean comments and Castiel raises an eyebrow at the choice of words. But before he can say anything on the subject, he sees the unfortunate waitress reappear at their table. In this particular order, he can’t help himself but take in: her wide hips, her waist, soft curves of her breasts, her extremely pissed off face with both tacky make up and eternal wrath slapped on it in layers. Her eyes throw green-bladed, blunt daggers at him. She opens her mouth to speak, but Dean is faster when he cuts in:
“Stop being such a child and don’t cross your hands ostentatiously at me, you’re being unbearable again. And unreasonable.”
about anything when he was near your hemisphere. You've shown me the door after a completely unnecessary drama that put both Sam and the Braedens where they are now, but a few days later you were here. And how long ultimately did you manage to protect that fragile virginity vow of yours? Forty days?”
“Zeus and Hera were having an argument over who has the most pleasure during intercourse: a man or a woman. They called Tiresias, since he experienced it as both. He answered that a woman has ten times more the pleasure than a man.”
The feather rustle comes, unmistakable and obnoxious, somewhere behind him. Dean is too alert all the fucking time, in a permanent mode of expecting things to happen. For once, he doesn’t startle when the sound reaches him and is about to be followed by the inevitable. Because it’s gonna follow.
Castiel matches him in excessive drama and rolls his eyes so hard his body follows and almost rotates.
The core of the soul, Castiel figures, is the most marred by Hell. That has to be it. But the assault on the horse, he doesn’t quite understand. Dean hums to the tune, doesn’t notice him yet.
Castiel manages to look even more tired. Possibly he’s now leaning towards exasperation. Maybe he’ll hit him again, who knows? Certainly not Dean.
His eyes not leaving Dean’s face, he easily reads the sudden rasp in his mind from his eyes, from how wild and afraid they are because he discovered something he shouldn’t have. In this panic Sam reads a quiet, violent
“No,” it agrees. “You’re a comedian, willfully ignoring all the data of value. Your bi-pedaled starlet said you’re a joke but… tomato, tomahto,” it sprinkles it with a frown that is probably supposed to convey “whatever”. “All it matters, feathers, is that we’re the punchline,” it taunts, curling Dean’s hand into a fist and playfully hitting Castiel’s chest.
It’s for now. For all his days of misbehavior when every single step will be marked with regret and, hopefully, deep reconsideration of choices.
Once he’s fronting the door, he can’t help but stare at it in growing unease with a side of fear. Tastes better than the disappointment did back then, anyway. Dean pushes the door open.
If this was meant to be a trick to rile him up, it fucking worked because, Dean finds himself holding the receiver by his ear, just so Castiel would be a) wrong and b) very much actively shutting himself the fuck up.
“I’m not paranoid, Dean,” Cas says, leading him off the path to the church. “I’m just careful. I can’t afford losing you. Or hurting you.”
Death glances at Dean again. “Doesn’t look like it at all,” he comments. “Unless this,” he points at the man, “is what you call him, too.”
There’s a beat of silence before he answers. Less than in Cage’s 4’33, but still a lot of it. “I want to--”
“Ah,” he hums, glaring in blatant dare, “there’s the real you. The savior of Syria and the gardener of Russia. My baby. My cherry pie. My sweet, loving husband.”
As he decides the strategy regarding plates and silverware, Nadya comes back with the cart in tow. Turns out there really are vignettes. Turns out also Castiel apparently is going to be eating today, since there’s one mystery plate for him as well which, what the fuck.
“I supposed its longevity would emphasize the strength of our union,” Castiel admits. “Our bond,” he corrects himself. Like it matters.
Nadya on her end plugs in the electric clipper, fishes out a small mirror out of her bed stand drawer and places it on the table. Then does one big, solid, noticeable nothing aside of just looking at her make do work space.
“And until then? Between your genocides and temper tantrums, do we share custody? Say, we take the blessed box for little Andy or Jenny for a spin every other weekend, maybe move some furniture and bones around? You plug him out then duct tape him back while we chat over dinner? You think it doesn’t cost you things, puppy boy? Your biological clock is ticking and you’re kinda running out of spoons.”
He agrees. He doesn’t remember what they watched. What he remembers is that Dean still didn’t eat on that day. Or the next day. Or a week and a half later when Cas showed up again (looking stressed) and stole his brother for a night once more.
“No,” he barks abruptly. “We can’t just poof away like that and leave people hanging and confused. We need to wrap this up and walk. Normal. Inconspicuous.”
“I don’t know, go ask your father,” he mutters. Wait, no. “Actually, change of plans. If you can reach him, very much don’t. He can’t know we talk.” Now a non-terrifying reason would be good. “Thinks he knows everything. Let’s have him miss out on something for once.”
Castiel gives him the stare that suggests he’s got something to say on the subject, but doesn’t want to drag Dean because of pure politeness.
“No,” Castiel offers with cold, impersonal courtesy. “It’s just your predicament, worth a few years in your abode. Ready for another handful?”
His brain is trying to tell him he should think of the possibility that it might not just be the souls, the baobab or whatever it is, but that the potential to become this has always lied within Cas because it has always been an immanent part of his nature. Recent studies on Cas’s confession regarding the fun times in the alleyway show that yes, it was. Even back then. Dean’s heart is still rejecting the evidence and denies any attempt to form a conclusion. Cas wasn’t evil. Cas wasn’t vain. Cas was his friend. Back to square one. It’s like running in circles in the final round of Mario.
“Now, would you please write down the ingredients for me?” Castiel asks gently, unaware of the hypothetical threat to his asshole and arteries, and passes both pen and paper to Dean before he can even consider gracing that with a yes or no answer.
Nadya must have passed the memo all around just as she promised, because whatever glimpses of human life forms he catches out on their way up to the quiet room on the attic, it all scatters out quick, soundless, and efficient. Luckily, Castiel pays none of that any attention, too busy joyfully orbiting around whatever magnificent plan he is currently in the midst of executing. One disaster to worry about less, so there’s that.
“I’m not talking about this,” Dean corrects through gritted teeth. His jaw hurts. “I’m talking about our
“That’s the problem with you Winchesters. You see yourselves as some kind of vigilante heroes and you toss the bigger picture aside whenever it doesn’t fit your course of action.”
It’s a big, big problem, actually, now that the cat is outta the bag and Dean can’t help but listen to its meowing.
“I’m saving space for your dick.” Ignoring Castiel’s groaning, Dean goes on. “Speaking of which, when’s D-Day? Or are we going with immaculate conception?” he suggests hopefully.
That makes him stop thinking about Jesus. He doesn’t want to know what that conversation must have looked like.
And by that Dean means Castiel. And by Castiel Dean also means Castiel’s face which, aside of being home to more caked blood than the last time Dean saw him, seems to be going through a journey similar to Lisa’s, but slower, still hesitating about the embracing part.
So even though he wants to be deaf, he can’t. Inconspicuously, he lifts his hand to take a strand of hair away from his face and deliberately lets it rest on his stomach when the task is done. He tries to think
He stares at the table, at the precious porcelain everything and he decides that if Castiel thinks this is a fucking game, a fucking game he will get. Dean puts the plates on a heap close to the center of the table, but closer still to his chair, minimally out of Castiel’s reach, if it’s his hands and not psychic powers or some fucking tentacles he wants to use to grab them. Same with the labeled lidded trays and the silvers he just throws on a haphazard pile. And the stupid juice jug with both glasses, yeah that goes on his half too.
“Perhaps I should show you instead of telling you, then,” Castiel muses, murmuring against his mouth.
Castiel nods and reaches out for him with his hand, the same one he just struck him with. Repulsed shitless, Dean offers him his.
He lets Cas in again. When he does, it’s a clusterfuck loud enough Sam gathers the courage to invade Dean’s room. And oh, God.
“You know I’d never do that,” Castiel murmurs. “There are greater things in store for you than that. It’s not about heaven or hell. You don’t have to be afraid. It’s between me and you. Personal,” he smiles and idly, Dean wonders how many and how sharp teeth he’d see if Cas shown any. He shudders both at the words and at the thought itself.
Dean guesses that the no wasn't in his options anyway, it seems. He lets out a heavy, tired sigh and proceeds writing the list down from memory. At least it doesn’t disappoint on making chicken soup.
Castiel catches Dean’s limp, fragile body before it can fall to the ground and get further hurt. Wasting no time, he flies both of them into his study, abandoning the table mess, not caring if his many wings expand the disarray upon his hasty exit. For Dean’s emotional well being’s sake, he hopes no one from the house staff dared to listen in or to see what went down. He’ll have to find a way to suggest Dean shouldn’t be making scenes around the public areas of the house and have that good advice stick.
Castiel’s hands wander over Dean’s body, mapping, caressing, consuming. His mouth works his way through Dean’s, barely giving him time to breathe. His fingers graze his neck, his belly, as the kissing becomes even more powerful and unrelenting. From the relatively safe areas of skin, Cas’s palm goes straight in between his legs and Dean goes rigid, like a terrified animal. It sinks into him and begins to draw small circles. Dean’s breath hitches, but not exactly in excitement. The fingers stop, but do not withdraw.
Yeah, no. Dying sounds cool. Cooler than Cas, surely. A nice prize for the end of the day. He earned this, he’ll get this.
The air shifts. He feels something heavy, thick, all-enveloping come out from its hiding. He understands. It’s the same burning, metallic tang of need that keeps tormenting him. It’s on Cas. In his voice, its velvety, low notes. In Cas. Oh, God. He did do something stupid.
Oh, so it’s not kindness, it’s just a necessity to be able to get answers. Slowly, Dean scoops himself back into a standing pile of stupid. Because that sure was stupid.
“I fixed your brother, Dean,” he announces, standing by the bed, where Dean’s chest still doesn’t rise and fall like it should. “Now come back to me.” Bitterly, he thinks,
Dean huffs. This was different. This is insane. But Castiel goes on, relentless. “I’ve only temporarily incapacitated your brother. For you I’ve killed thousands of mine. If you think I didn’t know them or their names, you’re wrong. I’ve sacrificed for you more than you can fathom and I only ask you to come.”
“You heard him,” Cas speaks, his voice too even and too composed to be anywhere near not dangerous. “Get fucked.”
“Well, apparently you’re not old enough to have a knife yet. Do you listen to yourself speaking? Do you think you sound like you deserve a privilege?”
After a few hours of walking in more or less silence and after a few more cocktails, they finally reach what seems to be their destination point. It’s an abandoned fair. In the distance, miserere mei deus plays. Of course Dean would keep the bitterness up. Castiel turns around to ask if this is it, but when he does, Smith is already gone. So Castiel marches towards the direction of the music, having no other choice. It doesn’t take him long to find Dean. He’s standing by a carousel and seems busy peeling off skin of a horse that should be made of plastic and metal, but it isn’t. The animal, impaled on the carousel pole, wheezes as it gets skinned. Dean doesn’t look bothered by the noises nor by the horse’s anguish as he continues to replay hell’s greatest hits. He even looks just like when Castiel first found him in Hell. He’s wearing a black leather apron, his hands are all covered in blood and his eyes gleam with dark gray, almost, but not yet black.
“It will take time, Dean,” Castiel warns and Dean definitely doesn’t like it. “But I promise it’s going to work. Soon, you’ll be together again.” He smiles. “All three of us,” he adds and guides Dean with his hand. “You’re a fearful dove. Don’t be. All is going to be well, you have my word.”
“Why is the junkless squad here?” he points at the angels staring at him. He flips his middle finger at them and watches them try not to come up here in this very instant and shred him into chunks of Wal-Mart low quality cat food. He’s not the only one grounded, apparently.
“No,” he repeats himself because first of all, he does not want to be drugged with any kind of mojo, thanks a fuck, and secondly, that’s still his most accurate answer to everything. “My stomach will regain its physical form on its own,” he adds, trying to focus on his surroundings because they’re much more interesting than Cas and his newly discovered drug nurse kink that resembles a Silent Hill level of creepy shittery far too much.
Now his knowledge upon how pregnancies work is very limited, but he’s pretty fucking certain that this is too damn soon. He looks down on his stomach and it still appears to be flat. Something stirs again.
Dean wonders what her life was before, sometimes. She’s so well preserved. Only when her face goes sour or when she thinks he isn’t looking, age and weariness crawl on her skin, letting him know she faced at least ten more winters than he did.
“I’m trying to find you,” he answers enigmatically. “I guess I need more time,” he says, handing him another glass of the cocktail. “Come on,” he prods and Castiel zeroes it down obediently. Soon enough, he starts to feel groggy.
Dean takes a few steps back and sits down on the bed, body sagging in defeat. Castiel joins him. That’s the exact opposite of what he went there for. He wants to be alone. Untouched, at least for a moment.
The word still echoes sharply and bitterly in the tiniest crevices of his chest, even though he's got no idea how long has passed since his wedding slash funeral slash conjugal rape. To him, not much. Feels like day two to his brain that still failed to settle down after being divine propofoled straight into fuck knows when. His (his?!) body reminds him that no, it ain't day two.
kind of flavor. The first few seconds it takes to adjust and get all the pant-shitting brain cells to stop fucking screeching always spectacularly suck.
Castiel’s face blooms with impatience to that. “You really don’t want to fuck with me on this one, Dean,” he says matter-of-factly as he makes a beckoning gesture and Dean’s body just swoops into his grip like a battery-powered sack of potatoes. His hand on Dean’s neck is sticky and at least three shades too firm for a painless secure hold. “What did you do and who helped you?”
But he knows both, all too well, and a different shape or size of things isn’t going to stop him. One more nightmare, but he still wields the same answer.
Castiel’s gaze focuses, but not on him. Dean can tell he’s doing the all-seeing thing. What is he looking for, fuck ups?
“Dean,” Castiel cuts through the sarcasm with no preamble, everything in him, and about him, clipped, tensed, and on the verge of a new level of being Done With Dean’s Shit. “I'm warning you.”
They’re still in his car, somewhere. In Bobby’s scrap yard maybe. God, he loves her so much. He hates God’s scissors just as much right now, but he hides them in his sleeve. He’s Rambo gnome, and he’s armed in hurting.
“Figuratively speaking, we might as well be, Cas. We’re in the perfect place for you. For traitors. So there you go, Dante’s ninth circle.” He peels another layer of skin with his knife.
Nadya gives him a pitiful look again. “Yes, I definitely will,” she comments dryly and glances at the clipper with visible unease. “Is this charged enough to you?”
Hours pass, the world breathes while Dean doesn’t, but for the time being he lets it corrupt itself further. There is still no sign either of life or of a solution and he’s holding Dean’s hand, his forehead on Dean’s arm, where the handprint, the claim, once lied, mistakenly taken back merely a year before:
Crowley’s lips continue to move, but not a sound gets out of his mouth. Eventually, he frowns and gives up. He appears to be extremely offended, a look pretty hard to achieve on a trashcan, but here it is, against all odds.
“Marry me,” Dean cuts in, sounding so flat it amazes even him. He’s worn out. He feels baobab splinters all over himself, all of this the touch of Cas’s hands and mouth (and many, many teeth). “I’ve figured it out from the TV.”
Dean gives himself a moment and goes on. This time his hands are shaking. Dental floss, but useless without a needle, thanks. Hairbrushes. More soap. Sponges. A bath bomb. A bath bomb? Good to know at least one person is having fun? Tiny, little clam-shaped box. What do you have, shiny clam thing? Magpie brain says let’s find the fuck out.
Dean feels like a moldy piece of bread lying on the road. A dying piece of moldy bread. On an asphalt road which gets rolled back every evening at 6 p.m. because it’s that far into the middle of nowhere.
That did not feel like grace. Jimmy never fucking mentioned barb wire and tar. Dean is pretty sure that’s not what comets are made of.
“Recalibrating,” he echoes, curious. “Mind telling me what the fuck have you done or do I need to suck you off first and then fill in an official complaint to get answers?”
“No,” Castiel echoes mockingly. “Then you are not sorry. You see, the reason why I told you to stay where you were is that I trusted you wouldn’t get yourself successfully ambushed in an open space, especially in a place nobody expected you to be or at least, not without me. I simply wanted to give you some air in a safe environment. But you got bored of it, didn’t you? Just had to go back to the one dark place full of opportunities for morons with a death wish to hide in and wait for you. Had to go back to the one place that can get you fucked. You like getting fucked, Dean? I’ll get you fucked, don’t worry.”
Speaking is getting kind of hard, so Dean hopes there isn’t a lot of questions ahead. He coughs out some blood and continues wheezing. He lets his head rest finally, too tired to keep it up.
“What have you done?” he sighs. “Damn it, Cas." He feels like an echo. And also like a liar. His body is thrilled with the hell-sent turn of events.
“Wrapping this up, then. Do try to keep your disappointment to yourself for approximately two minutes,” he murmurs.
He ignores the need to piss and doesn't move a fucking particle of himself off the bed, knowing it would give his bladder stupid ideas. He's not sure what he's trying to accomplish with torturing himself like that but he knows what he's trying to avoid: making any use of the sudden generosity of his loving apocalypse sweetheart. Sudden generosities are the worst (you always gotta pay for them later). Especially when it's the eldritch horror husband to bestow them upon him.
Because messing with his body? He gets, on some fucking abstract pragmatic level. That was fucked up and it had a fucked up point, but a point nonetheless. Gender swap makes babies, he gets that. He’s not irredeemably stupid. The god forsaken wedding dress on the god-too-present wedding day? He gets. It makes all the good church boys and girls swoon in hope and envy. It sells the exact picture Castiel knows his stupid bigoted flock craves, for it gives the picket fence, the Forever After, a lot of Republican support probably, and makes Margaret Atwood cringe, not that these two matter all that much, but okay, that's an attempt at advertising and good PR. It gets shit done, though Dean is inclined to debate whether that’s how it should be done in the first place.
He wakes up and his body protests against the change. He’s half alive as if he was sleeping ages, not hours. Everything is tired and stiff. And he’s nauseous as fuck. He lies on his side and he’s still being spooned by Castiel, who now is once again fully dressed into that white suit of his which reminds Dean of Lucifer far too much.
That would be because he does not exactly feel inclined to make the three tiny steps to the left through the last liminal space that separates him from the ritualistic sacrifice of the remaining not even standing but lying and whimpering reheated leftovers of his personhood and independence.
Castiel motions at Dean to sit down and walks past him with comfortable ease, as if he came here everyday since the dawn of time, from the very moment the real God shaped him from stardust and sent him into the ether precisely for this. Dean takes in the details, checks the insignificant changes that were made since his last visit; mostly the same furniture slightly moved around in no perceivable goal. The only thing that stands out and doesn't fit is, Dean’s eyes shit him not, a fucking telephone crowning the sofa adjacent table.
Like, if he was given the right to choose, he’d go with something honest, simple and elegant, like “fuck.” But no, he always only had the illusion of a choice and it was on a totally different subject, so it was up to Cas. His doing, after all. And as warped as his little marbles are, he most likely considered it a celebratory name, because he finally, finally got to eat his cookie (and fuck you, Cas. If you eat a cookie then you don’t have one). This makes Dean’s plan D, for dick ride, a double failure.
“Do not stare at something that isn’t yours. Do not covet it. I am capable of hurting you very profoundly just for thinking about it. And I’m more than willing to.”
Dean sways on his cotton-like legs, disoriented. The room keeps spinning far too fast for his liking. He finds himself clutching tight to Cas’s suit for balance. Castiel offers his support and runs a hand soothingly over his back, pets him like one pets a startled dog. Dean’s blood, now cold, keeps sticking to his skin more and more with each touch. Not puking on the carpet right now is a mission in itself, one that is hard to accomplish and further contact with his own blood only makes it worse. He closes his eyes and patiently waits for his internal organs to return to their original and intended positions. Wills the spinning to stop. Slowly, his brain quits on pretending to be a fucking helicopter on fire. When he’s finally moderately certain he’s not gonna vomit all over himself, he considers opening his eyes again and lets Cas go. The petting, however, goes on, but it’s hardly comforting. Feels more like some kind of fucked up foreshadowing, a foretaste of what is to inevitably come, most likely really soon.
Fury tells him he should let the anger hang around and grow. Dean guesses it isn't worth the effort. He's got enough of fury to spare on many both bigger and simply pettier things. And he's got just enough of resignation to fuck the can drama to hell and put it away into the Kentucky-sized folder of Stupidly Insane Shit That Castiel Does Just Because He Thinks He Can.
“Dean, please.” The words come wrecked and begging. Another butterfly kiss follows them, perfectly restrained. “I need this.”
It’s hard to argue with that. But maybe, just maybe, if Dean stops being an asshole, Cas will stop teaching him lessons the hard way.
The meticulous cleanliness he associated with it is gone now. And that’s kind of an understatement. It’s a bigger mess than Sam’s face was during his puberty. Especially around the fucking desk. Not only rightfully does it make his skin crawl as it has his memories crawling upwards, too, but his head starts literally pounding for some reason. So bad it blurs the resurfacing images. Doesn’t help much. They’re not just repeating vaguely in his head. They’re carved into his heart, into the undersides of his ribs, into every inch of his body. Even this body. Every picture. Every ugly sound that ran with them.
“No,” Dean says and it comes off just as bitchy as he wanted to but higher-pitched than he expected, if he’s honest.
“We’re almost at the carnalval,” Dean announces upon driving them into a tree. The last thing Castiel notices before the impact is that the cut wounds reappeared and that’s when bleeding all over the place, Dean lost control over the prius. “Sorry,” he hears a muffled chuckle. “S’ my hands again,” comes an apology.
“It’s all beautiful and kinky, sugar plum, but it ain’t us you’re hurting right now. Wrong bag you’re punching. If you break your plaything’s skull, you will only make things easier and funnier for us, so you might wanna step outta the water and dry your tits a little, Gizmo.”
finally gets through. What he sees as he returns only confirms his suspicions. Someone had Dean covered with a white sheet, like a corpse. Castiel finds it extremely offending, so he tears the cloth off, furious. He takes Dean’s pulse. It’s barely there, only he in all his power can feel it deep under the surface of silence. His organs, as he checks them, appear to be stagnant, but not entirely shut off. Dean’s body is waiting on stand-by, fully healed, warm and rosy again – no paleness, no bloody wounds on his wrists. And Castiel has no idea what is stopping him from opening his cold, distant eyes. By all accounts, he should. Castiel made sure to catch him before he dies. He still senses Dean’s soul, although it appears to be mangled. Then again, Castiel thinks, it already was when he met him.
Dean’s being much more avoided by people than he’s actively avoiding them. Kinda sad. Kinda lonely. Kinda unsurprising.
“Listen, Not-Pumpkin,” Crowley goes on. “What I can and have to pass on while I’m not yet a handmade Christmas tree, is that you have to, and I quote, prove worthy, then prove worthy.”
“Shouldn’t have started with the white. Didn’t give me much to work with the metaphors, so let’s roll with what we have.”
Dean wants his camel-jawed hand back. His rightful bride, his ribs, his blood. It’s all his, it’s all him. And he doesn’t understand how he could ever let that go. He misses it. Misses dearly. He spends the time which does not flow needing and thinking how to get it back with the same intensity he used to sit and think of ways to get rid of the Mark not that long ago. How foolish it was to be hopeful. How repugnant it feels now. From the inside of his room, echoes a bitter, venomous laugh. How even dared he.
“How do you know he won’t bring me back? That’s not a problem for him. It’s hardly an inconvenience.”
“I can fix Sam. No wall, no nothing. He will be good as new, no memories of the cage to eat at him.”
Offering a grand bitchface that would rarely grace his features, Dean says, “I fell down some stairs.”
“You didn’t ask me, you just took it. Even though I kept giving. Even though you knew I couldn’t say no to you. I have you, you got that right. I have you fucking and burning me in my sleep because you don’t think I deserve to be waken up to sire you. I gave you everything. My yes, my bones, my brother, my life with Lisa, every single pound of my flesh. But I’m ungrateful? You created a scenario for raping me because my
“Fine.” She sighs. “Make the table, I’ll go get the cart. The cloth is in the low drawer, you already know where the porcelain is,” she decides and attempts to leave him to his own devices.
“Wow. Thanks for the input, Criswell, you truly are amazing,” Dean snarls, truly, in fact, amazed by this idiocy. “You sound just like someone who doesn't know me for shit. What show you even watching, man? Took thirty fucking years of non-stop slaughterhouse for me to become the thing you mean by coming to my senses,” he says tiredly, equally defiant and plain bored. “You're not that patient, you loser. Never been. Best of luck, hugs and kisses.”
But of what? Dean doesn’t know. He doesn’t pry because if Castiel was willing to give him something less cryptic, he’d already offer it.
“You haven't unlocked that part of the story and you aren't going to because there is no point, you wouldn't understand. Now, can we eat if we really have to? Do you even have to eat?”
“No, I'm not, you gaslighting asshole? You are! Literally you are the one bamboozling away from the original topic.” Dean sighs, soul heavy and worn and just tired. “What's behind the door, Castiel.”
Dean flashes him a small, but livid glare. He seems irritated. Maybe because Castiel keeps playing this one song of “Dean, this is reckless/insouciant/irresponsible/thoughtless et all ceteras” like a broken record. Maybe because there are still so many long hours to spend with him of all people before he really dies for the last fucking time and he simply can’t wait to be the king in the land of dead.
“How many times do I have to tell you: it’s temporary, I regret it and I’ve done it for your own good,” Castiel recites like he recited at least fifteen times just this month.
“We'll talk about this later, Dean,” Castiel promises gently, looking him deep in the eye, but Dean looks away, uninterested.
“Two people, usually loving each other and visual drama very much, swearing to stay together. It’s called getting married,” Dean says, not liking where this is headed. He liked the food questions better. “Hilarity ensues. Probably followed by divorce. It’s when they take that back.”
“Hey, Cas? You think you could make the call to get off that fucking bed, too? I kinda need to take a leak and you’re in my way.” Castiel just raises his eyebrows curiously as if there was anything to be shit damn curious about here. No, Cas. There’s not. Does he fucking think this is a challenge or what? Dean rolls his eyes with an obscene dosage of drama but doesn’t think it’s enough to give proper effect yet. “Oh for crying out loud,” he groans. “Move, I’m pregnant.”
“Dean, I have to set the dishes and serve the food, you can’t be doing that. This will affront him.”
“What’s gonna be over soon?! What’s okay?!” Frenetically and instinctively, Dean looks around the room for an escape path. But yeah, no windows, no doors. No nothing. Oh. His eyes shift to Cas’s face. It’s morbidly fucking crestfallen. Fucking conscience-stricken. Goddamn sad. “What did you do, Castiel,” Dean whispers.
“What,” Dean huffs, offended. “No wooing? No courting? No candled dinner first? Where are my damn flowers?”
Well, fuck. That’s not Lisa. Can’t be Lisa. He remembers now. Remembers everything. Whatever serenity he built up in the past fifteen seconds, is gone and not to be ever regained. The fact that he’s still here, breathing, graced with Cas’s presence and lack of exits, strongly indicates that something inside of him lost the fight at some point. This is the worst life of Dean’s life so far.
“Fine,” Castiel snaps, not that he has a legit reason to other than being a sore loser. “Let me remind you of your road so far, my friend.”
“To buy myself into the good graces of my new boss and to see you in Grace Kelly’s wedding dress, of course. I’d never miss the opportunity. It brings out the curve of your ass like nothing else in the world does. Did you pick it out yourself?”
“Fun fact: when he was told to kill you, a dummy version of you said that three hundred times. And he still killed you.”
Too many questions that require too many words. Dean doesn’t have the luxury of those. Can’t ask without giving himself away. If there still is something Cas doesn’t know. Considering how miserable Dean’s state is, there probably isn’t. Which only makes Dean’s
can be heard from space even if his thoughts aren’t being actively invigilated right now. Castiel, on his part, neither leans in nor retracts. After Alastair, Dean well knows that this nonaction is an action. A statement which Dean can read just fine. “But I have found something wonderful in your heart as well. Hope-giving,” Cas adds, voice shaking minutely. Whatever he saw there has to be of value since it has him so elated he has to keep it clipped. Not good. At least not for Dean.
Dean raises his head with great effort to take the situation in. Castiel looks at the man in casual interest, not even sparing Dean a single glance.
“Go wash yourself while you’re at it,” Cas decides because yikes, things have conditions here, of course they do, even pissing does, why wouldn’t it.
Technically, he could turn the TV on and see where the omnipotent and merciful currently is, but hey, he doesn’t care and that aside, he’d prefer to avoid the sorriest sight of publicists and reverends discussing the fascinating and hope-lighting miracle of the betrothed (that’s him) saying yes and giving himself (also him) unto the endless care and “agape” or “storge” or “philia”, since that varies depending on the day and the church and what not (that’s not true, either way) of the Lord (fuck you, Cas). This would inevitably lead to talking about the Garden again, about how wonderful it’s going to be and how thoughtful a gift to the world it is. And then some grand communion marriage talk. He wouldn’t even be pissed anymore, or disgusted. He’s too drained. Everything has been already discussed in the media, the question of what he’d be wearing on that special day included. He could, just for kicks, call them and say all of their guesses are wrong (they are, especially Dean’s favorite ones coming from the folks who still speculate that he might be a chick, since he’s currently ensuring they will stay in the wrong). But he doesn’t care. The indifference is a bliss, some kind of unfathomable freedom he’s allowing himself for the first time. There’s gonna be no marriage. True, Cas never even mentioned it to him, not openly, but apparently he did everywhere else, and it fits the modus operandi of calling him “a friend” here and “the bride” amongst the believers, fucking doesn’t it. All the talking on the TV channels he shouldn’t have but does, has made Cas’s intentions clear. He’s just stalling, that’s what he’s doing. Sooner or later there would come a white veil to his white, ivy-embroidered and scratchy clothes. Who knows, maybe he already swallowed some kind of a tiny-fonted contract with his ass or with his mouth.
“Well, that’s exactly what you’ve said. And I call horse shit. Death did it in a blink,” Dean huffs in a demeaning and accusatory tone.
when naked. It would be real helpful to know how far along he is. But hey. Priorities. Closet. Pants. ASAP.
Because so far, right now, every second of Cas there, on that bed, is the evening when he spread Dean’s legs and ripped the last bit of Dean’s body away from sovereignty. Every breath he doesn’t take (because what’s the point of appeasing Dean now, right?), drags him back to when the ring scoured and drowned and remade him into a doll on shiny strings, with tarnished insides, with numb, knifeless, porcelain hands, with a few tears void of life or meaning.
There’s only so much you can win just with attitude and spite, Dean. And not a drop of victory more.
It got really boring at this point. The long face, the how dare yous, the half-assed justifications. Like some fucking elevator music playing in the distance, all of it.
Wilderness, apparently. The reason for it taking this particular shape eludes him. But it’s bound to unravel later on. For now, he focuses. For now, he stands up finally, dust and dirt on his palms and knees tainting the white suit staying a reminder of the idiotic moment of weakness. The air is fresh and crisp. Nearby, he smells the sea. Above, the thick canopy of tree tops gleams with brightness of the sky, small spots of light piercing through the unrelenting green. Ahead of him, a slim path. So either Dean is merciful on purpose or simply by design. Feeling instinctively that the path is not a trap, he decides to follow it, tuning into the ache of his grace that cries for the one who’s gone missing. It knows Dean is somewhere out there. It knows there is more to him that the dull scream of something torn and frayed beyond recognition. It’s the light far away at the end of the trail that lures him. Like a predator is called by the scent of fresh blood. Whatever is out there, he craves it, hungry. Dean, he thinks, he murmurs, he growls. Like it says everything. It does.
wasn’t enough for you.” Dean needs a moment now, to get his breathing in line. He doesn’t have that kind of time, judging from Castiel’s face. “Why did you do that, Cas?” he whispers broken and small because he just doesn’t even have it in him to care. He takes Castiel’s hand into his own. Shocked, Castiel lets him. He places that hand on his thigh, drags it around the skin to make him get it, make him feel what he’s done. “Why?”
There's a knock on the door, the sound itself immediately overriding the alien calmness with a surge of electricity and alertness to the back of his head, where it burns to the point of pain and forgets to cool down. Great, because right next there's his deliberate lack of response being equally deliberately ignored. And then the door opens, the relatively pleasant view of the bland other side unfortunately being ruined by not that pleasant one of Castiel, Castiel’s ego, and Castiel’s Plan For Today, whatever the fuck it is.
His whole body is always so stiff, as if rigor mortis had set in and never found the opportunity or reason to leave. It even invaded his voice. It’s something broken and scorched beyond recognition, worse than when he screamed in Hell for thirty years. Here, on Earth, dying alongside his brother – in parts, in days, in pieces – was enough. When was Dean’s last breath, Castiel doesn’t know. He wasn’t exactly watching. There were louder gongs to bang at the time and one wilting exhale was so easy to miss. And perhaps in repercussion for this, Dean’s drowned-man’s unseeing eyes stare at him accusingly. Castiel is glad the cabin is so dark. Dean’s eyes are even darker than that, tinted with death. There is nothing he can do, he has to look at them every day because he promised to stay. Because he has nowhere to go, other than to die. Soon, he’ll cross that off his bucket list. It will be relieving. Being with his fearless leader evokes guilt – this is what he helped him become: a siren that lures Chitaqua to death. His own hands are dirty with blood and needles, by his careless fin du sieclist decadence that Dean tried to stop but couldn’t, he pushed him down one stair at a time. Apparently with all the booze and drugs he became too bright a star and it burned Dean out while he tried to be too close.
“It’s exactly the same one you had three days ago,” Castiel says and his tone suggests that he’s more than tired with this conversation and the implications Dean (rightfully so) keeps on making every five minutes.
“All things considered, Dean, it didn't take you that long to pack your trash and cry for Michael, whom, as you kept wailing, you hated too much to even think
Taking a strand of hazelnut-colored hair aside, she replies, “Dunno. I been asking this myself, too.”
“And how does it feel, being an incubator whore? Are you finally proud of yourself and what you’ve accomplished?’
Wiping the tears and the life off his face, he makes his way to the bathroom. He locks the door behind him. Then he outdoes himself in futility and barricades the entrance with the washing machine. Why not? Funnier like this. He pours holy oil over the barrier he just made and puts it on fire. Gonna call it ‘lil Springfield, he thinks. Useless probably, but at this point it’s go big or go home. Besides, it will only speed shit up for him. The bathroom isn’t claustrophobically small – nothing in this house is, there always is too much empty space and the house screams with it all the time (just look at the fucking piano room. Dean still doesn’t know why it’s even there). It is, however, modest in size enough that the fire will help quite a lot. Especially with the hot bath he’s now running. A while ago he even considered applying some relaxing oils, but it occurred to him that it’s also pointless. He’s already starting to feel good. Hell, he feels giddy about this. He thinks about undressing. He goes for a compromise in the end, keeping his boxers on for future terms of aesthetics reasons. So he’s prude at the most awkward times (as Cas would point out sometimes, but fuck you, Cas), sue him. He stares at the stupid glass, considers its existence in the context of utility, and goes nah. No need to overdramatize. He already sees this as a diva from a burned down theater kind of a deal, so he better not make it even more stilted than it is. So okay, he fills it with water instead. Tastes foul but it doesn’t matter. He’s spent half of the last night drinking so much it even got Cas’s attention. But fuck Cas and his attention. That’s the whole problem, isn’t it.
Stone walls, arches, flower decorated pews, holy icons, stained glass windows, an altar and a big ass Jesus (oh, there you are, Jesus) on a cross - a church, then. The back yard did not have one, not that he knows of.
“I haven’t seen anything about it on TV,” he says, feeling more than suspicious, which says a lot, since being suspicious about Cas’s actions is his new default setting.
His hands are shaking, but it’s a good thing. The same with his voice, all notes uneven. His eyes are burning with hope, the whole room is so bright with it Castiel feels blind. And he can’t help but greedily swallow the sight. He marvels at Dean’s fearlessness.
He can feel the trained careful disinterest wither away from his face like dead falling leaves, on the ground, into ashes, to make place for the hopeless anger in which his jaw twitches, fails to hold. Inside his mouth there are lions. Livid and hungry for blood and revenge, but he keeps them locked up and starving because he knows even too well that they would lose against Castiel's lions - larger, scarier and hungry for him and him only. He knows also they would slaughter and devour everything in their way just so they could eat him, pick his bones clean, and crush them, then start over again.
It’s colder in this place than in the hall, surely than in the bedroom, hot and stuffy because of reasons he does not appreciate at all. His skin welcomes the chill, the lack of Castiel in its proximity. His back, pressed against the bland blue tiles of the wall, feels nearly relieved. Dean shuts his eyes and slides down, part in tiredness of the body, part in the exhaustion of his soul, which, at this point he’s experiencing on a cellular level. If he’s being over dramatic, he doesn’t care. Hard not to call his life a telenovela, anyway. Cas might’ve as well already legally changed his name to Isaura by now and simply failed to mention that. It’s not like it hasn’t happened before.
This is stupid. He shouldn't be acting like this, he’s been through so much worse and he absolutely hates being betrayed by his body like this. He’s been to Hell, this should be nothing. Doesn't look like nothing, doesn't feel like nothing. Fuck. He grabs the jug, he grabs the glass and forcing his hands to be still, he pours himself a glass. He will take whatever to wash away that raw, dry dying from its throat, whatever underworld joining rules that apply be damned. He drinks.
. But he blinks and he blinks and nothing like that happens. Still, it’s eerie and afterwards the world seems a little bit more godless. Everything speaks godless and lost in Dean’s eyes, even though he tries to hide it. Dean abandons his arm. Shrugs. For a second it all is normal.
“I’m so sorry,” he says, cringing at the unrecognizable notes his words make. He’s not going to get used to this, is he? “I’ll make sure nothing happens to you, Oksana. Or to other girls,” he promises.
Castiel seems to think about it for a moment and he smiles, proud. “Yes, of course,” he says delighted and he can go fuck a barb-wired baseball bat for that. “It looks like you've really learned your lesson today, haven't you, Dean? Tell me what you need, I will have everything arranged.”
“O, tempura! O, s’mores! To be verminized like this by a lower form of creation! Woundeddd… not,” it cackles, voice grating beyond Castiel’s scarce will to bear it.
“Is that so?” Dean asks smugly as he takes the jug and the glass from the bedstand, pours himself whatever bullshit that is in there and zeroes it down. Looks like it's the same orange juice from before. Okay, Dean can roll with that. “Well, I'm the Orange God now and I just fucking said so. There you go.” He smiles, layers and layers and multitudes of bitter, victorious contempt. “Happy now?”
Crowley’s eyes dart at Castiel whose firm, cold glare emanates something ruthless, vaguely threatening and unforgiving. At both of them.
He perches on the bed. Dean stiffens and gravitates towards the wall, away from Cas as much as he can without actually moving from his spot. His internal
Death comes to Dean like the yellow snake. Takes him home. Castiel sits and cries next to a body he’ll have to burn just like he burned Springfield the day before. Behind a wall or two, Sam still sleeps. Behind a wall or two, the city lies in ashes.
“Do you really want to sit in a blood soaked dress?” In reply, Dean groans noncommittally. “Thought so. There’s pie for later,” Cas adds and continues with his ministrations. Delicately, he slides the dress off Dean’s arms and frees his hands from the somewhat itchy sleeves.
“Benevolent,” Dean echoes flatly. “Do you sometimes listen to yourself speak? Come on, man. This isn’t you.”
Victory, huh? There’s literally a Cohen song molested by every possible singer ever and it fucking explains this is not how shit works. And maybe Cas should listen to it sometime instead of just the sound of his own words of highly debatable wisdom. Somehow, it’s not the only flaw in this explanation. Dean takes a look around one more time, just to make sure.
“You weren’t so shy when you fucked me while I was roofied unconscious!” he snarls at the door. “Or when you burned down my legs and the insides of my cunt!” That’s a wild guess there but it makes as much sense as any. “So why the fuck do you play nice knocking, you fuck damn pharisee?!”
“Me? Childish?” Dean complains in disbelief. “Full offense, but you're such a baby you still got only twenty baby teeth up your baby mouth.”
And there Dean has it: clear and bright like the sun rays in the face of God, all the rustling of Castiel’s Jimmies, all his squirmy worms of wrath.
Well, today’s him saying no to the brightest of all futures. There’s gonna be no more briding, or friending, or courting, or buddy-paling, or taming, or guiding or loving or keeping him around. This is Dean’s me-time. This is his fucking swan song, and it goes like:
Castiel doesn’t like where and with what velocity this conversation is going. “Enough,” he groans and they both shut up. “Show me your hands, Dean,” he commands.
“Well, watch me,” Dean cackles, something dreadful coming out of his throat instead of laughter. He kisses Castiel once more, pulls away, humming.
“Hey”. Replicates the gesture, a smile with no teeth. He doesn’t say anything more than that – he’d have to lie whatever he’d say and Sam knows his lies like he knows his face, the nightly patterns of his breath when he sleeps, like he knows the bible. There’s no use and no dignity in lying to Sam now. Last time he tried, he saw his back shaking slightly and he knew he was a lost cause and for a second it was such a burden if he hadn’t leaned on Cas he thought he’d fall (or crumble or just wither away).
Dean chooses not to. Somehow, he doesn’t crawl back here. Astounding, Castiel thinks. To think he’s suddenly developed autonomy. Definitely worth praising. Definitely bad timing.
“Maybe I should, cause I don’t think you understand what you’ve done,” he says, sadness and resignation finally taking place of the former bravado.
“Nad!” He barks from the hall. Maybe the rest of the poor losers will be too chicken-shit to check what's wailing outside in foreign tongue. “Nad! NA--!”
If he's in the room with him, only body present, heart not, is he? Sounds like no? Or like Schrödinger?
. Dean doesn’t bother with correcting it about his debatable motherhood status, that wouldn’t exactly help. And technically, he’s been Sam’s mother in every possible way, down to giving him life (but, like, with hellhounds instead of a c-section), so what difference can it make now? None? Less? He needs a solution not a discussion on semantics, you don’t debate those with children when you want them calm and quiet. In reality, he’s the only adult in the room, he’s gonna fucking act like it.
All from him? All from him? What can all from him possibly mean in this situation? Something clicks. Oh, hell fuck, no. This is so gonna be like some kind of defloration porn. Which he’s only seen once. And noped out of. See, this is why he’s never taken virgins to bed.  Yeah, technically, you can make it good for them if they aren’t stressed, but eight times out of ten, they still won’t fully relax and things get messier and more awkward than actually needed. Not worth it on both ends, especially on half sober one night stands which make the most of Dean’s alcove adventures. There’s no justifiable reason to make a girl suffer only because he wants to put dick in. But Cas the God is apparently going to do just that.
He stops this litany of shit to breathe. He doesn’t know what’s worse at this point: the ugly aftertaste of christian-vogon poetry on his tongue, or the real meaning behind it that can be very easily translated to ‘Cas was right all along and he will fuck the idiot as he pleases and from now on Dean will open his mouth only to suck then swallow. Because he was wrong.’
“Speaking of the future,” he says, attempting to wipe tiredness off of his face (no effect), “remind me not to drink so much before I go to bed. Or scratch that. Remind me to drink more.”
Instead of giving a straight answer (probably because he’s still allergic to them), Cas kisses him once more, fierce. In amorous ardour, he presses his palm harder into Dean’s cheek and Dean hisses before he can stop himself.
His voice, all on the wrong side of calm and soft, matches the gut-twisting unearthly danger of his eyes down to the tiniest stitch.
“Whatever you are, you’re trying my patience. Answer my questions and I’ll make it quick,” he promises, even meaning it, but only because he doesn’t have time.
“I’ve spoken to Sam. That was six days ago. The message I’ve sent you, it’s been almost two weeks,” Cas sighs.
The one where Dean walked in, all pampered, throat shining with gold, and Castiel only looked up from his shit - writing the declaration of surrender, of course, and knowing it now makes it even worse - as Dean made sure the door closed shut behind him. The noise of it loops, and loops, and loops.
is his least favorite word ever since it’s literally punctuation for a problem, no exceptions noted, “next time I find you here without my approval, I won’t be interrupting my work to babysit you and personally walk you out. The poor, innocent people you’re constantly so sorry for will come to get you. And they won’t leave you be with your scavenger hunt until you either mutilate them enough that they physically can’t or just leave. Of course I won’t later heal them on your behalf since that turned out to be such a problem to you,” he tells Dean, needles and venom in his last words.
Confronted with this question, Dean laughs so dryly a desert seems moist in comparison, which sends a nauseating shiver down Sam’s spine.
Worse yet, she catches him in flagranti with her pants half way up his ass. And she clearly looks like that breaks some glass in her head in turn.
It’s a great moment for his mind to try and catalogue all these things that are off right now, and by great, Dean means totally uncalled for because damn it he was keeping that part buried away for hours for a reason, despite of what his hunter instincts and human experience were trying to tell him. But, tough shit, with no potentially lethal problem currently at hand and with no crying from the little squirt at the moment, it has slipped into his consciousness and isn’t willing to get the fuck out of his doorstep until Dean acknowledges it.
“What were you looking for, Dean?” he asks softly, near whispers. “It’s not your job to solve Bobby’s puzzles anymore. Nothing you saw would even help those.”
“Do I really sound like someone confusable with Christine Chenoweth all that bad?” Dean whines in true offense and he starts glaring at Castiel, who has not moved from his spot and has also not stopped observing him with subtle but also wiseguy-ish smile of his own making. ”It's complicated,” Dean doesn’t even bother to try to explain. “I'm on like five minute parole or something. I'm just as dumb as you are now, Bobby.”
“Oh, and it’s the only sort of food where chicken actually has a right to be and tastes well. It’s, uh, you eat that. It’s awesome. My favorite. Tell you what, sport. I bat my lashes real pretty at god-zilla and get you some if you behave.”
He just stares. Stares as he lets the water run; stares as he, void of any thought, frees himself from the dress and disgusting mormon porn underwear.
“Depends,” Nadya shrugs and points at the chair. “What else can you do? Don’t say fuck. Everyone can fuck and I don’t pay for sex.”
To his genuine surprise (this time), aside of Castiel letting his feral face unnaturally retract into simple but bone-crushing deep disappointment, nothing happens. At least nothing that strikes Dean down like thunder and kills him on impact, which, by the way, is also disappointing.
Castiel finds himself cringing involuntarily. Still, decides to not bother with trying to explain why the colosseum should not in fact get fucked when in Rome.
“In fact,” Castiel continues, ignoring Dean’s words again because he somehow never quite catches them out when Dean reminds him about his body being Cas’s free to use tantrum hole now and supposedly forever, “not even that applies to you. You chose to come with me.”
Dean’s never seen this much hatred on anyone’s face. Not even in hell when he sliced and diced and laughed.
He wonders if Dean can hear him. Petting his hair, he starts with, “how dared you,” which unsurprisingly doesn’t earn him a response. “I don’t understand,” he says and he thinks
But on the other hand, he has no idea how long he will stay locked up in the house when they return. Maybe another forty something days, maybe forever. For all he knows, this could be his last fucking chance to enjoy the air, to enjoy anything.
“I don’t want this. Don’t need this. It’s you who wants or needs bouncing tentacle babies, not me. You and just you. For a reason that still remains a mystery to me.”
“Fuck you, that’s not true,” Dean says, but he knows it’s a lie as fast as it escapes his mouth. He never gave Cas a single sign, he pushed him away at every occasion – because he was too afraid, because he didn’t think he was worth it. Even now the words “I love him” get stuck behind Dean’s teeth. He swallows them. “Fuck you,” he repeats flatly, there’s no ire to it. “I tried to show it all the time. I thought he could see.”
Castiel frowns, far from intimidated or even vaguely impressed. He extends his arm towards whatever this is and sends a small, measured surge of power its way, forcing the thing back down on the desk with a thud.
“Sure,” Dean nods, slightly relieved Nadya is out of trouble for now. “If that won't be a problem to you.”
He’s not pristine fresh and his boobs probably aren’t sparkly and shiny, his entire box of bones kind of slowly floating towards the edge of uncomfortably void of hygiene, which definitely isn’t his thing but direct contact with the body he’s actively trying to avoid in terms of any consideration and acknowledgment isn’t his thing either. And then there’s also pure simple spite. Spite beats soap.
Again, that’s not the word Dean would use. Death row? Sure. Home? Absolutely not. He’s as far from alright as it gets, generally, but Castiel probably means just his head and intestines, so he’s going to address that.
Castiel isn’t exactly sure what Dean slurred at him last, but as the echo of his cackling wilts abruptly and unnaturally, he goes to hell with his non-aggression and privacy respect policy once and for all. He undoes the door with a thought and rushes towards the tub, untouched by the fire, eyes already filling with tears. In pink water, Dean lies pale and cold. Just when the last noise of pulse drowns beneath Castiel’s shaking fingers, he denies death its final right. Carefully, he takes Dean out of the water (he’s still not breathing).
“Dean,” Castiel groans, insistent and stubborn and plain annoying. “Please, tell me what's the last thing you recall. I need to know how much damage there was so I can help you. I have to. I'm responsible. I shouldn't have punished you so deeply earlier today. Your body took too much strain, too much stress. You’re just human and I got carried away,” he admits soft and almost ashamed, which is so fake Dean finds it near hysterical. “But so did you,” he adds harder, harsher. And yeah, Dean saw that coming. “Please, Dean. Don't. Don't abuse my patience like that when you can help it. You make me do things I later come to regret. And for what? A concussion? Inhuman exhaustion? Missing dinner?”
Inside, the building no longer defies reality. He takes a look around, savoring his surroundings. It does look like a perfectly normal café indeed. Light colors, wooden chairs, fancy tablecloths, actual flowers in vases on the round, little tables. Seems very undeanlike and honestly, he’d more expect to find him in the badly painted bar that he saw nearby, not here, of all places. Then again, he should have known better. Dean always pulls the opposite of whatever the hell is expected of him. Whether it’s a matter of nature or nurture is yet to be established and is not to be debated now. There are more pressing matters at hand and at sight. The one and only king of this forlorn café-castle is here and he stares at him with very careful interest, wild eyes shining with something that feels like conviction. Even from the distance Castiel can see and marvel how wonderfully long lashes frame his cunning eyes, he breathes in all the skin of his neck a shirt’s collar doesn’t hide from him, his stare hovers about and above his pink mouth, his nicely-shaped nose. He takes in all of him at once. He missed him. Missed life echoing through him like it does now. Castiel can’t help but notice how different he looks. Dean would often wear a suit during a case, he’s seen him wear those on a handful of occasions, but this is not quite it, somehow. The ease in his movements is something else, all the stiffness coming from wearing a fake identity - gone. He sits, he moves, he breathes like the striped blue shirt and red suspenders are his second skin. Castiel doesn’t think it’s his Dean. He becomes wary, but he walks towards the smart, curious looking beast nonetheless. He’s more than determined to win this game, whatever the sacred fuck and a dollhouse it is.
Castiel’s face blurs in front of his eyes and it’s a problem enough that it even landed there. He must have looked up instinctively. Because he was called. Called in the way that used to give him comfort and confidence once.
“Don't make ruckus!” She scolds as she quietly closes the door behind them. Dean stares at her bland white shirt and equally bland white PANTS, which as whole make her look like she's wearing scrubs. In a different world it would never be a look he'd actually envy. In this one he does. He guesses that says a lot about the current state of the universe.
“Too much sugar,” he comments. “Nine times out of ten it’s inedible since you can’t even taste any flavors outside of the sweet. Pie was made for savoring. Cake’s been unearthed from hell to add more visual drama to a wedding, I guess.”
“I have nowhere to keep my things, man! I wanna make a satchel. I wouldn’t dare ask you for something as dangerous as a needle and a thread. I mean, what if I garrote you or garrote me, right? What if I stuff my fun time holes with needles? That would suck, no?”
Yeah, about that. Even though he just attempted to try and give Cas a blow job, he absolutely forgot to calculate in the inevitable joys of the wedding night. Taking care of the issue while using a body he knows and understands is no biggie. Been there, done that. Not without shame and a fair amount of disgust, but he managed. Not once, but thrice (he ignores the fact that it turned out to be useless in the end). But this is probably gonna be different.
There’s pounding on the door now. He’s kind of trying to breathe here and that’s interrupting the process even more than the process itself. Yeah, maybe he should stop that, too.
Castiel doesn’t let go entirely, only allows an arm’s length of a rift. Keeps his palm an unrealistically heavy weight on Dean’s shoulder.
Good to know the veiled bath-fucking threat wasn’t empty because the new tub is large enough to not turn bumping uglies into an issue of quantum physics and risk of a need for medical aid.
And in Hell, it doesn’t matter how is he. He’s good. That aside, he’s the best. Beneath his fingers blood runs smoothly like sand. Those who whine, who scream, who die – they don’t ask stupid things like his well being. They’re just scared and scared is how they die.
He tastes, staring back at whatever the fuck his intuition thinks the true face of God is, a whole new flavor of dread all over his mouth, and a different sort of weary disappointment is coiling in his bones this time around, more vast and heavier, hell-bent on finally pinning him to the ground.
“Try more like two million,” Castiel bites back menacingly. “This bravado of yours? It's going to wear off rather sooner than later. You will come to your senses eventually and, believe me, the less you fight right now, the less you will later hate yourself for being so stupidly stubborn.”
For the first time he comes to understand, finally. Clarity and fear run through him in an electrocuting, painful chill striking at every fucking synapse he has, and he sees that Castiel is not just more than meets the eye, more than that weird dude with a sometimes convenient, but sometimes dangerous mojo at his disposal, a dude who also happens to have the unique thing where he can try to show off and ruffle the wings Dean can’t really see beyond a shadow-ish, non-threatening hint, anyway.
“More or less. Joke’s on him anyway, I still don’t know how to cook,” Nadya says as she pulls the chair away to help him sit down.
“Dean,” comes the voice that should shut up forever and ever and once and for all, “are you with me?”
“Have you considered the thought some people might want to kidnap others and force them into being together against their will? In your image, I mean? If God can do that, excuse it and encourage it, anyone can do it. Do you want this to be your gospel? Your heritage?”
And that is for his almost lover (such a shame he doesn’t have wings to rip away anymore, what a loss to a loving and capable hand). The conjugal rack where his bride will roar in jealousy – he almost chose him instead of her; he almost put her away, the love of his life, his blade. The ageless jaw is furious, she will make the bird pay for the insult. Dean stares at the rack and he knows he and Cas will mold into one in many, many ways. Dean will touch and have his everything. Every last drop of blood. He doesn’t tell the blade, but he thinks that’s how he’s gonna make Cas never leave him anymore. He thinks he’s gonna rest like that: only hidden in Cas’s meaty, honey-skinned thighs it is possible to sleep in Hell. On his rosy lips. In his lifeless eyes. Inside. With the blade tying them like a vow, binding them. To the hilt, everything buried to the hilt. No words. They never had many. Never had enough. Perhaps it’s just better that way. Dean just doesn’t know how to apologize. He feels like he should. He’ll sew his own mouth closed just in case. He’ll sew Cas’s, stitch by stitch. So maybe Cas won’t whine, won’t scream, won’t really die (and leave).
“Tell that story to somebody else, church boy,” Dean snaps. “You know what? I'm beginning to understand why Lilith wanted none of that crap, why she left. Why Eve ate the fruit. You really are like your deadbeat daddy and like his first failed sandman.”
He doesn’t even have to check up on Dean. His brother enters the stage maybe two minutes later. A whole brand new giddy, smiling Dean. Plus a bruised lip and a swollen face. Regardless of all conscious thought, Sam greets him with, “What the hell, Dean?!”
Maybe he just let the atmosphere lull him a bit too much. Maybe precisely as Castiel predicted and marked in his conjugal calendar, he became compliant and not questioning soon enough. If he did, he's more than happy to correct that mistake now.
Third door on the left cracks open, revealing first a strand of hair and half of Nadya's head, then, upon locating and recognizing her target, the rest. Her expression slides from terrified, through relieved, and stops at station angry and it looks like it feels very comfortable there.
Castiel shakes his head like this isn’t even the point. “He needlessly humiliated you. Gave you the wrong idea. This was supposed to be a day of celebration all over the world, day of blessed and joyous weddings. Not this. Not shame. I’m sorry.”
“Better now, love?” he asks, low gravel of his voice so gentle as if he was trying to cradle water in his hands, maybe a bit contrite somewhere far, far beneath, but just about the result of his action, not the action itself.
He shrugs, watching Castiel’s image of calm composure glitch briefly on his face into something else. Vengeful, weirdly, if Dean would bother to slap a name on it, but he doesn’t have it in him to care enough.
He’s not that fascinated to find out, but as he already said, he wants to get this over with. This conversation, too. It’s not going to make sense anyway, is it.
“Christ, Dean, pay attention!” Bobby laments. “For now, you can’t stick your head out too high. Don’t piss him off too much. You need to be in his best graces, that’s the only coherent hint we were being given on step one.”
The clank of silver against the porcelain is the loudest one Dean’s ever heard. It sends a chill down his spine just like his father’s bottle hitting the table wrong. He can read that all too well, the stages of anger in put down objects, its sizes. His fucking augury, if he has one.
Frowning, he catches himself wanting to soothe the thing as his first instinct. It’s not true. It’s not real. This sort of suffering isn’t even possible for a human being to endure. It’s nothing but a paper-cut oversaturated to the point of surrealism, he tells himself. Poetry of pure turpism about spoiled milk. The always well-known to him truth of “people lie, souls can’t,” he stores far, far away, where even his all-eyes don’t see it. Because if this is true, it means that he butchered and broke Dean beyond recognition, in a way even Hell didn’t have enough time or power to do. So it’s a lie, the ugliest one Dean’s ever spat at him. Has to be.
“Come on, have me hear it so I’ll be sure I won’t have to repeat myself. Now, Dean, do you understand?”
“What the fuck is this?!” Dean’s mouth counters as he points at the carnage before his mind can even follow.
Upstairs, Dean looks around carefully and weirdly misses the sight of dust dancing in the peak of daylight, keeping him company, marking the room as well-lived once. It's too late now, he must have been unconscious for quite a while, because all the roof windows let in is muted and blue. And the blue takes reign.
“You can’t save Russia anymore. But there are other countries I have plans for. You might want me to not have them,” he says and Dean hears that predatory smile in his soft, soft voice. That son of a bitch.
Reluctantly, Castiel drinks. It tastes foul. The music in the car starts. He listens in. A female voice sings something about something being over, for bad, for good. It doesn’t bode well. That aside, they drive in silence. Soon they leave the city and end up in between woods again. The song goes on a loop and Dean hums to it, seeming absentminded. Castiel thinks he knows why.
He’s just partially saying this to her. He’s mostly trying to remind himself what his purpose is in this situation. And all the situations to inevitably follow.
“Don’t torture them. Teach them. I’ve been on both ends of the knife and from my experience I can assure you, Cas, torture teaches nothing. It just breaks. Into many things. But not into understanding. Whatever you decide to do, please have that in mind,” he pleads.
“I have told you to stay put. Was I not clear?” Cas asks, everything about his body and tone worryingly cold.
“Before that, you were wrong, you were naive. Even if you were desperate, now it doesn't matter. I don't care. But what you did was pulling full on psychological warfare on me, using innocent people I love! Using innocent people I had to leave, because in the very end I was enrolled for your campaign, just didn't get to know about it. Why did you even bother nagging at me to stand behind, then stand down, if from the very start I was dancing exactly like you needed me to? And you know what? Fuck that, too. You can do with me all you want. Maybe I had it coming, maybe I really owe you my life as you think I do, but to them you had no right. No right to add to their horror and use it as leverage if you could have stopped it, if it was all about your goal and if you planned to fuck Crowley over since day one.”
“Of course he did that, the nutjob that he is, ignore that,” he says lamely. “I didn't know. Sorry.”
He seals the office door shut with his power, with a shaking hand he pushes every single thing off the desk, not interested for now about the damage. There is clearly other damage, other mess, to tend to. Gently, he places Dean on the desk, takes a step back to try and comprehend.
First floor feels bad. Doesn’t feel right for him to be here. It’s like an additional violation of people’s basic rights (those that they still even have, at least). This is a private, sacred space and he - the cause of it all - is too filthy to intrude it. Shame almost breaks his resolve. Almost.
Dean expected many things from Cas after the last fall out, but calling himself God was not one of those things. Stupidly, he thought their contempt for the person and position was shared, but now it turned out to be simply a matter of substitution. And Dean doesn’t like where this is going even though he’s got no idea where that is. It just feels a whole new level of wrong. It’s been three days since he left off and nothing has happened yet, not that he knows of. Somehow, it’s even more terrifying.
Not wanting to see Castiel devour this, whatever it is, he focuses on his own tray and he discovers a rather bland portion of fried poultry, with a side of potatoes and a salad. Fucking salad of all things, God dammit. This is an affront against everything he believes in and still sees as holy. He doesn't want to bother digging for his thing checking out what kind of atrocities made their way there, so he just fucking asks.
“Not the oldest,” Cas answers, still not giving him its name, probably on purpose. “The oldest ones are in Syria.”
Because Ego McPowered-Up is simply too short-tempered to not drive this mud ball into the first fucking tree there is. He’s just that bad at driving. Dean has to stay here, mournfully alive, to yank the wheel last second as much as he would rather chew down a few handfuls of apple seeds. As much as he would gladly sign out permanently in this tiny square of solitude, secretly sliced under his knees and wilting away in the bathtub because it is the only fucking thing it is good for.
“Cas,” he grits, struggling to breathe, for the weight on his chest and the razors cutting into it are too heavy, too much. “Please.”
He wants to chew his hand off, but the only thing he does now is to not let it linger idly and suspiciously in the air, so he retracts, far away from the general vicinity of Castiel's space and the warmth that would burn him in the end. He buries his hand in his hair, an innocent gesture maybe even feminine enough to Castiel's kinky delight. Dean runs his fingers through it not knowing what else to do.
“Not on the menu, sweetie,” she chirps, all fake sugar and dirt. “We got flesh, got coffee, and lots of milk,” she enumerates. “For some reason,” she grits through teeth, “Russian coffee is out. Also no newborns.”
Speaking of which. What are the goddamn safety mats and railings for? Dean’s at a complete fucking loss. Is this supposed to help him not accidentally kill himself when he’s so far pregnant he develops his own orbit? Or is Castiel’s plan so considerate of the future it’s meant to keep osteoporosis at bay when he’s literally too senile to move without creating injury hazard?
Castiel is taken aback for a moment, but most likely with how few brain cells Dean has left, not his issue. At least his expression suggests that.
Dean shakes his head. “Not anymore,” he says as he forces himself down on his cock with no preamble hot, tight and hissing in pain (and Castiel is afraid of how much
“Dean, I don’t want to have to repeat myself. Everything else is much heavier than this book. Please offer yourself kindness.”
“Dean, what things?” Castiel butts in the first available moment, presumably to stop the scenarios from flowing.
He’s sore, uncomfortably sore, in parts of his body that have no business being achy neither weeks nor days after being last violated. Only one explanation comes to mind and it hardly makes sense. Dean’s disappointed with himself for still remaining naive enough to feel surprised. What was he trying to accomplish, holding this monster to any standards at all? So many human casualties, so many manipulative leg-spreading done to him already just within the span of five weeks, and yet?
Now that sounded desperate. Three whole syllables of “don’t.” How about Dean doesn’t do the don’t, then?
“Why can you never control yourself? This isn’t what I gave you the blade for. You didn’t wanna kill me? Fuck you, fine. But if I knew you were going to condemn all of us to something worse than dying, I would’ve given the damned thing to Crowley. At least he can keep his mind straight!”
“Come, Dean,” Cas whispers only to him, seeing that Dean still hasn’t moved from where he stubbornly stands.
, Castiel tells himself immediately) Dean’s soul, he didn’t waste his thoughts on coming up with any ideas regarding what it can possibly look like or what shape it would take. In his mind, as his palm kept washing over Dean’s ribs in an excruciatingly slow and all-devouring, loving wave (wanting more, wanting again, wanting it back), there was only reminiscence of Dean’s flushed, burning skin and his wordless songs of passion from few nights ago. Touching him like this alone drives him out of his mind. Out of billions of his minds. Makes him swell and throb with sorrow. He’s not going to lose it. He’s not going to lose Dean. So no matter what inexplicable atrocity the one damn soul that keeps fighting and never lets itself get safely tucked in under layers and layers of his holy love has contorted into, he’s going to find Dean since he clearly has lost himself. He’s going to put him back together. And he’s going to put him back where he belongs. He can do that. He can do everything.
The desk on the other hand, the one he doesn’t wanna come near to, is ripe with things to look at. Possibly.
He’s happy. Hasn’t laughed like this since… since he was with Cas at the brothel, which is kind of sad, outcome considering. Whatever.
Oh, God. He gulps down more just to wash that view away, along with those two already haunting him. Nope, would have to be whiskey. This isn’t working. It’s still there, eating out his eyelids. Fuck fucking fuck.
Dean shrugs again. Castiel’s starting to worry it might become a habit even for this Dean, even here. As if one cold, constantly shrugging Winchester in his life wasn’t enough. “Like you were told,” Dean clarifies and starts the engine. “Drink or we’re not going anywhere.”
But the bell doesn’t mean food anymore. Dean blinks his misery away—there’s never been a benefit from showing vulnerability, not for him.
“You can watch that later,” Dean smiles slyly, tugging Castiel towards the motel bed. It seems so far. Too far. Every moment is a million years.
“Yours ticks faster,” Castiel cuts. “My power can be conserved. Enough to keep you inept and quiet, as you should be.”
Castiel takes care of it. Kisses it a few times as he works, his hands and mouth having all, but needing more, still.
“Do you not tire?” Castiel cuts in, bored. “How many times will I yet hear Crowley before you stop?”
Knowing Cas is a down to business, not a lot of small talk kind of guy is one thing. But as far as Sam’s tastes in information sharing go, he’s been too damn brief upon his entrance, which was mostly all he’s seen of him besides of being very vaguely informed he’s found a temporary at worst and permanent at best solution. Sam’s what is its fell on deaf or uncaring ears. Cas was already on his way to Dean’s bedroom. Urgent, Sam kind of gets it, okay. What he doesn’t get is that Cas reemerged on the next morning, more crestfallen and stern on his way out than on his way in. He catches him on his sleeve while he can.
“It wasn’t his job to insult and stab you. It’s me he had a problem with, but he went after you because you seemed like a more reachable target. You have to admit, that’s low.”
“You don't have to be on the phone, Dean,” Castiel bites back mildly. “And yet you are,” he reminds him. “Unless you wish to hang up?”
“Okay, kid,” he starts, firm. “This isn’t what I voted for and it ain’t the real deal, but since your father is entirely made of throbbing assholes, we’re gonna treat us with this for now.” He stares at the forlorn slice of unknown pie with pity. “Let’s at least hope the pie isn’t secretly cake.”
Dean already bites at: 1) germs, 2) “baby” and 3) the hand from his neck going flat on his head, raw light slowly beginning to flow out of it--
The soft, tender body screams about jaws, about bone gnawing. About them being left splintered and white like baby teeth. And then, the same mouth, hands just like these, remaking, re-molding, but perfunctory and rough, stitches of power all skewed and unclean. Far from pristine, far from soft, from like always.
“Well?!” he hisses. “He’s almost fucking dead because I was so goddamn stupid and blind, trusting you and letting you get close to us! Look how well I did! Go to his room, take a look at him, at what you’ve done, and tell me I did well again. Then go straight to hell. And take me with. Just don’t bother me on the way.”
“I understand your fear, my friend,” Castiel says softly. “I’ll let you think about it. I will return,” he squeezes his shoulder lightly and after a moment the weight is gone, followed by a rustle of wings. From what he hears, much bigger ones.
Of course he doesn’t spend the next four days sleeping and of course his little brother’s got a handful of good reasons to cry his way through this, which he does. Dean sees this in the swollen redness of Sam’s eyes when they fleetingly meet Dean and his own blood-shot stare. Like two sides of a coin, the reason for this comes down to one fucking thing, motivations differing as far as only differences go.
“Everything that makes you you, I love that. Your emotions are crucial to this, messing with them in a way I’m technically capable of, would give me an obedient doll with a pretty face. I don’t want that. I want you. Your soul, your ire. Not just your body, though I want that, too.”
“To make a proper introduction,” he huffs, as if it’s obvious. “Sometimes I forget I don’t even know you,” Dean muses. “Almost like my tax accountant.”
“A part of him prayed to me instead, you know,” Death muses. “Funny how calling yourself God doesn’t exactly have to take you to a pedestal,” he laughs. “He asked me to end this, to take him, even back to Hell, if it means being far away from you. That was a the first day. Now it’s quiet. My guess is he’s deteriorating, a broken soul can only exist for so long.”
Castiel huffs in laughter. Probably because these days he tends to categorize all the things Dean says as either particularly stupid or particularly funny without any room for in-betweens. Dean can feel his breath on the back of his neck. He cringes.
“Because of its meaning?” she asks like it’s obvious. Noticing that he still doesn’t get it, she explains. “It means hope.”
And then Dean’s shoulders and upper back slam into the table so hard his spine keeps ringing in tune with the static in his ears. He thinks he’s being pulled a little further up the table. Yeah.
And then he puts it back, beholds his own pissed off face in the mirror, while he’s at it. And then he has another excellent idea.
Cas leans in and plants a small kiss on his lips, effectively killing any words Dean planned to say next. Not much of a loss, considering he was about to go with more farting noises.
“This is you ignoring the whole picture again. You’re not a chew toy, you’re a fuck toy meant for breeding. We can’t let more abominations walk the world. He alone is enough. And don’t fool yourself, he’s going to keep killing people one way or another. He’ll keep finding excuses. And all of them will be related to you. You’re a bigger threat alive, Dean.”
“Shut up,” Castiel says, voice clipped. He still stares at the stranger pinned to the wall, cold and calculating. “Do you now see why I need to take all these precautions to keep you safe? Why I have your location a secret, why I tolerate your whining about it with endless patience?” He lets out a weary exhale and for a moment, he looks almost human. Like a very done and tired one. “Nobody wants to save you, Dean. They all want to destroy you. Nobody loves you. Only I do.” Castiel sighs again, heavier, his eyes still trained on the immobilized and mute fucker on the wall. “Sometimes I wonder why. Why I bother with you, you know.”
“Be strong for me,” he begs and if that isn’t ominous and foreboding, then Dean doesn’t fucking know what is. “I’ll be here. You don’t need to be afraid.”
Castiel doesn’t waste time. Enough has been wasted already. He too is drunk on emotion, drunk on Dean. This is what hope does to people. Beautiful things. He touches him like he used to touch the Bible: with awe and gentle reverence. His hands keep swimming until they find the shore of Dean’s skin. He needs more of that, now. He takes. He kisses him again, mouth scorching with need. He desperately wants. Not because he’s human. But because it’s Dean. The sight of his joy makes him warmer than his grace. He stops kissing only to just look at him again, and he takes it all in, the fresh grass of his eyes the sand of his freckles. He’s Eden. He’s Arcadia. He’s the wings that he’s lost. He’s everything.
“This house really doesn't need two jealous, stupid dogs barking at each other over one stupid bone. I can't contain you both.”
“See you there, Cas,” he hears Dean throw in his general direction. Somehow he knows Dean means the afterlife.
Cas turns him around with startling ease. Looking at him face to face is like staring into the sun. It’s painful and completely unnecessary. But Cas cups his cheek firmly and doesn’t let him look away. Sorrow is woven into his gaze, the one that rips through Dean’s soul like a high tide and obliterates everything it finds on the way.
“I fixed you. Your soul, I mean. It was mangled, broken. After hell, after many things. I filled the cracks with my grace. I tied it to me. Our bond was waning. I was worried.”
Castiel goes to the piano room and drinks Dean’s whiskey, holds the myrtle wreath necklace thinking how a few days ago, Dean was his. He was clay in his hands, warm sand into which he sank; he was bendable and willing; he was the heat of the sun, he was air; he was sweetness of milk and of honey; he was all fire and his body was cathedral arches; he was prayers, he was thanks and he shone; an instrument and a sacrament carefully put into palpable, malleable flesh that Castiel swallowed and swallowed and drowned. Dean was beautiful, ethereal. His. All his: every move was his, every breath was his, every shudder. No Cicero, no heavenly war, no pride held them apart. Now Dean’s on his bed, not exactly in the right context. So desperate to not be his anymore. To say that it hurts doesn’t even begin to describe it.
Dean’s cheeks are still wet with tears. Castiel wipes them off, he wants none of that. He caresses the blush-warmed skin with his knuckles, sorrowful of the circumstance but to an extent relieved that at least now Dean doesn’t cringe or fight against the tenderness of his touch. His saunters downwards, yearning; deliberate in the dilatory path of its travel, hesitant of the full horror it may uncover beneath the modest dress chosen with so much love.
“You know what, I always hated kitchens like these,” she comments. “My first husband, he thought it's more traditional this way,” she adds, giving Dean a deep, meaningful look. “He thought that when you put a woman into that warm, soft kitchen, she stays there, becomes that.”
Dean sits down on the bed in defeat. He covers his face with his hands and starts to cry. Something moves inside of him again, but he tries to ignore it, until he hears a small worried voice reverberating through his body:
Dean gives him a stern once-over in exchange. “I think it’s not,” he comments, his voice a vile parody of Castiel’s. “I would have recognized him. I don’t recognize you.”
He leaves the kid to its innocent poultrious wonder and relegates his remaining scraps of energy to pretty himself up according to the newest standards of Amish Vogue. If he wants a lifetime supply of chicken, he well knows he’s going to have to earn it first. Just like the right to eat dinner in his father’s eyes. Except that this time, not by being a good hunter.
Combined with the fact that Castiel is still sitting on the bed, veiled with that tender yet secretly toothful smile of his, it makes his blood run cold. And run fucking backwards because it too wants to flee. Away from the smiling thing on the bed, from the ball of tar and fire which has sworn to be Dean’s last and only and intends to keep this promise in ways Dean can’t honestly imagine and comprehend (again, yet).
“That angel-cancer again?” he grits, pretty sure he’ll go blind and choke on his own stomach within the next few minutes.
Oksana stares at him in sympathy, with pity. He doesn’t deserve any form of compassion, especially not from her - the person so severely wronged by his stubborn inability to put out. It’s all his fault: her being here, her doing his nails, her family and friends having been obliterated. Or unmade. He doesn’t even know. God, he doesn’t even fucking know how they all died. He forces himself to stop thinking about it. At least for now. He’ll have all the time in the world to do that later.
“No,” Castiel cuts and thank God. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, A handshake would suffice,” he says, extending a hand. Warily, Dean grabs it. Castiel holds it warm and firm. He squeezes lightly. “I’m so glad you made the right choice.”
“Am I going to need a brush for this?” she asks eventually. “I’ve never cut hair before, myself. And I never had mine short,” she admits.
Sam’s, well, the usual. Deadlike unconscious in this great, white bed, in this great, white room. His face calm, sun-lit (or rather, burning Springfield-lit, but let’s keep this romantic or at least non-threatening for a damn second, Dean tells himself). He looks like he’s at peace. He’s actually getting better, no matter how slowly. Every day, he notices the change. It always shows on his face, on his now skinny palms. He doesn’t scream in his sleep anymore, his brow doesn’t furrow in pain, his hands don’t grasp at the sheets until his knuckles match them in white. He just sleeps. Is. Something. Well. ‘S gotta be good enough for now and if even Cas the God says it can’t be done faster, then it can’t be done faster. This much at least, he believes. He sits down in his chair, cherishing the fact that Cas isn’t here to accompany him this time, and he holds Sam’s hand. Says he’s sorry. Says he never wanted for things to turn out like this. Says if he had known falling for Cas would’ve brought them here (all three of them; Cas was a good guy once), he would’ve stayed in Hell. He’d have done everything not to ever meet him, not to lay an eye on him. He apologizes for having done literally everything in the opposite direction. He apologizes for loving both of them, but this one goes mostly to himself (Sam can’t hear him anyway). Doesn’t accept his own apology, of course. What’s the point. Says “Bye, Sammy.” And if he cries, there’s luckily no one to see it.
“He looks so serene when he’s like this,” comes a murmur. “You enjoy the view, don’t you? Getting to play pretend he still loves you the same.” There’s a wall of silence, now. Undeterred by Castiel’s threatening gaze, by his palpable anger tainting the air until none is left. “Hilarious.”
“Your spring, Kore. Enjoy yourself,” Castiel explains, offering a smile Dean doesn’t trust even half as far as he could throw it. He gestures at the treats, just in case Dean didn’t notice them. “Enjoy yourself some more.”
It's unfair because it reminds Dean of the good times, of the past times, and, on autopilot, his body aches to reach out to him, to the well known friend, tries to, craving for those kind sunlights as it used to do for so, so long.
“Not so much fun anymore when done to you, huh, mister One Ring To Rule That One?” it asks, everything painting itself on Dean’s face a textbook example of pure, undiluted mockery. “Geez, who do you think did all that, the ghost of last christmas or someone from The Village People? Course it was you, silly! Well, your form and ball gown you, not you-you. We have a feeling you wouldn’t manage to stop yourself from eating now and crying later if the time we spent in your celestial bowels just watching the drama is any indication. You really got issues, pal. But they’re a gift that keeps on giving. Literally, by the way, you know that? Not that we’re complaining. We are so not complaining.”
But when Dean tells him (touching, crying), “It has a mind of its own, why did you listen,” Castiel denies.
1.  Since my health is really going crap, instead of writing one gigantor part for the next 6 years, I put it into parts, hence the change in number of chapters. Now that I think about it, everybody wins because it improves coherence of this installment and hey! I get to finally update, too!
“We need to set new terms to the… agreement,” and Dean thinks deal, you son of a bitch you wanted to say deal like a black eyed bitch, you did.
“We’ll get you through this,” he assures instead and finds himself thinking of Cas. How different and selfishly calming it is to be hopeless together. He knows Dean isn’t listening to him anyway, so he lets the idea root into him. Maybe it would be better if Cas were here. Maybe he’s found something, he thinks, except that he knows that Cas didn’t – cause if he did, there already would’ve been three phone calls about this and news Dean probably wouldn’t care about anymore. Dean doesn’t even play appearances right these days and they both know there is one thing on his mind only ever since he fucking touched it again. In all honesty, if it were Sam’s call to make, he’d probably let Cain continue with his spree. Later he’d tell himself at nights that his reasons weren’t all that pathetically selfish; that a Dean tainted like this is a beast worse than the walking plague that intended to cleanse the world.
Sometimes actually, things that are less complicated, are better, but Castiel wouldn’t know that, would he? Not when Dean is in any way involved. The poster boy for Ockham’s razor and simple efficiency becomes a real slut for convoluted then.
“Okay,” he looks up at her tiredly. “No newborns. Forget them,” he groans. “I don’t want anything. Whatever hole you crawled out of, you can go back. I see your point perhaps too bright and too clear, Dean,” he says.
“I hope it tells me I'm going to die in seven days,” he comments with a slightly less shiteating grin than his regular ones, probably because he doesn’t feel all that cocky right now.
“So you don’t wanna find out why your boyfriend said yes to me before he could ever say yes to you? Oh right! That’s why! Because he could never have a yes from you!”
“Thank be to holy Mary he let you out of the office, but what he must have done to your head,” she mutters in disbelief, clicking her tongue in the
“And then what? When you eat the whole heaven, entire hell, every single thing on planet Mudball-3? Then what?” they prod.
And these doors, they’re the only ones in this house which have a lock that is specifically for Dean to use. Another small blessing. He counts those very carefully and cradles them like they’re something to hold dear, mindful of his words and actions not to lose them even if he loses everything else. He needs to be aware at all times that if he can count them, so can Castiel.
“I don't know,” Dean replies and grimaces in an expression that represents the same sentiment as its spoken counterpart. “In which part is John Travolta the angry God that behaves like a near human embodiment of the phrase
Dean turns on the lights. Cas, or whatever it is, is white clad and staring at him in wild curiosity, with brightly painted amusement.
One: apparently you can forget how to put pants on while standing without tripping if you’ve lived pantless long enough.
“Sleeping is not the correct word, Cas,” Dean says as he takes the water. And drinks. Wow, his throat does not enjoy being touched with anything, even this.
Quick and quiet, he makes it to the only pair of doors that are at the end of the hall, not on its sides. It’s where he would put the bathrooms, but fuck only knows if Castiel thinks alike.
“Love is a battlefield, you heard that in a song once, yeah, I remember,” he interrupts tiredly. “You just picked the worst weapon. Literally.”
This seems to pique Crowley’s interest because he raises an eyebrow curiously. For now, Dean pretends he’s not even there. There’s nothing there as far as he’s concerned. Just a void. And it’s screaming at him.
They look back at him with a mixture of amusement and pity that would have been annoying weren’t it for the beautiful prize spreading itself before him in his thoughts, so calming and delightful, honey for the heart.
“Whatever you like. Just tell me and I’ll get it for you.” There comes a soft peck to his neck. “Any kind.”
“Of course,” he assures. Equally twisted, Dean is still his. “That’s still better than watching you destroy what’s left of our world.”
“I know you need an incentive. And trust me, I’m doing this for your own good,” Castiel declares. And yea, right.
Ah, okay. And for the record, he wasn’t crying. His heart was just losing focus by trying to revive and relive something very dead.
When Cas can no longer see him, Deans sags and uses the wall for support to make it to the bathroom, counting every step.
Dean stops her. It just doesn’t feel right, this whole thing. “Thanks, but you don’t have to baby me here. I can help around, just tell me what needs to be done.”
Yes, he’s aware, he kept counting and wishing he was a freak with overabundance of fingers. Or with two heads. He’s pretty sure the other one would need makeup, too.
As he opens the door, it turns out that Castiel in fact does, but Dean’s not gonna lie, that’s hardly any consolation. On a particularly nonsensical and abstract level, it’s actually kinda insulting? Like, what does that mean - if, in theory, he and Cas...
“No, it won’t. And it’s gonna destroy you from the inside. It already seduced you into taking it near me. Just how it wanted to.”
Dean’s not sure how to put this in a way that does not piss Castiel off again. He doesn’t exactly feel like pussyfooting around this, though. He needs to be clear.
“How unfortunate for him,” comes a mocking pout. “He’s in a lot of misery with how he is right now. I can only imagine how much pain it is to have a shattered and dislocated soul.”
“I don’t get it,” he huffs in plain defeat as he rubs the sensitive skin over and over, his level of exasperation only that of facing a mildly annoying puzzle because his mind just doesn’t have the horsepower to allow him more.
He can’t judge her, he shares her fears for they aren’t unfounded at all. To have her calm down anyway and try to make her forget about the probability of impending doom, he desperately wants to tell her that it’s alright, that nothing happened just now and that she’s doing a great job, but he remains silent. He figures an attempt to talk to her will definitely scare her even more. Also, he’s not exactly thrilled to listen to the sound of his own voice which, since this very morning, isn’t his.
Dean’s not sure what the question refers to exactly, but whatever it is, the answer is still no. Length-wise, there’s a whole fucking phone book of things he’s not okay with and Castiel is directly responsible for every single one of them, so it’s super annoying that he’s asking.
Not even the smell of freshly brewed coffee, one that he almost forgot, manages to drag Dean away from this stupor-like bewilderment. The sound of porcelain being placed on the table and the inevitable comeback of Castiel's crowding presence does. It makes threat, after all. And threat beats coffee.
“Your soul,” he says with determination matching his hold and the inability to shut the fuck up, “knows all of this even if you don’t. In your chest there’s one deep, screaming nothing. And you can’t fill it on your own, can you?” Through his final question, which Dean has no intent of addressing, Cas magically manages to mix fury with honest compassion, voice soft and warm once more.
“Good,” Castiel says evenly. “Because you are about to go back to your trees,” he adds, smiling and readies himself for another flight. “Mind that.”
”Come on, officer!” It whines, spreading Dean’s arms in mock hopeless begging. “It would be like getting to see Rome and not fucking the colosseum!”
For some mysterious reason Dean is hell-bent on discovering at some convenient point, that seems to calm Castiel's sagging balls a little.
After that, to Castiel’s satisfaction, he disappears. Unbothered, he lies down next to Dean once more and trails his fingers up his ribs until he reaches the heart. He sinks his almighty hand down inside smoothly and easily, as if Dean’s chest was made of water; his flesh gives way like it gave before. He’s going to raise him from perdition again. He’s aqua de vida. The horse
As previously stated and later all too well confirmed by Dean, Castiel is the boa constrictor and the world is his elephant. It’s all about slow digestion and baby steps. Minor miracles, major miracles… minor deaths, major deaths: people of hate speech die, KKK is dead, poachers also die, mass murderers die in their prisons, paedophile priests die in their rich comfy chairs. Cleansing, he calls it. People, Dean reminds him and Castiel says “you aren’t born a monster, you become one” and Dean fails to find an argument other than but it’s wrong and for Castiel that’s not enough. “I want the world to be full of people like you,” he tells Dean time after time and Dean chokes down a sob or two. Full of naive idiots, of fools, cause that’s what he is for letting all of this keep on happening, not knowing how to put an end to any of this. So much for his guidance if his words don’t mean shit. Days pass and on every single passing one Dean watches the sunset, praying to shit knows who for all of this to end. He wonders if Castiel listens. If he cares.
“Oh, I do,” Cas whispers slyly and Dean shudders a little bit because that still sucks, but he regains control of his body so he won’t startle the people, assuming they’re still watching because at this point they might just as well be raving on some kind of holy LSD or a renaissance dancing geas. “But that’s not what I mean, not yet. There needs to be a more permanent way for the world to know you belong to me, not just words, not even yours.”
She walks out, not looking at him at all. Dean doesn’t blame her. She probably can’t because all of this is too fucked up to comprehend. Because the face he wears now will forever remind her of everything she’s irretrievably lost. On her way out, she passes by Castiel who apparently kept waiting on the other side of the door (of course he did, the restless fucking stalker). Nadya curls into herself and lowers her head, hoping she’ll shrink somehow and he won’t notice her existence at all. But oh, he does, Dean sees that in his eyes. Not good.
He literally is the absolute horror of unidentifiable screaming cutting through the void of the night in the middle of nowhere where no fucking sentient being has any right to be and scream its ass off, and just that. Just the abstract screaming, forever missing any understandable context. Ageless and endless.
Something dead walks by Castiel’s side ever since. Something that doesn’t know how to rot, but desperately wants to.
“I don’t know why you’re surprised, Dean,” Lucifer sighs. “I have already told you once that we would always end up here. You just altered a few details, is all.” This time the devil really smiles and it pisses the holy shit out of Dean.
Hands on Dean’s hips, this is the closest Castiel finds himself to wanting. In a bitter way, the blade sheathed inside of him makes him almost human. His eyes, his palms, they aren’t celestial intent anymore. The thing, it connects him to the body he wears, it makes him want Dean in the ways he craved his skin, his smile, his mouth on his lonely human nights. But this is stronger, much more primal. It wants to claim Dean as its property, tear him apart and possess him, make him into whining, needing nothing, make him solely its. Castiel touches Dean with fear, he begs his grace to withhold it. He navigates himself between Dean’s legs with surprising ease. He knows this body well. Somehow, the blade knows it better.
That or he can always shrug and say Dean was well awake and begging for dick on his very own but weirdly doesn’t remember it now.
First hit of pain has Dean on his knees so fast he didn’t think to let go of the door handle. His stomach hurts as it were going to launch itself into space and explode; like he’s been force-fed a gallon of bad milk. His head follows close in intensity, shooting fireworks in front of his eyes, a grand fucking celebration of bad milk astral era or some shit. Later came very soon, then.
Castiel’s hand continues. Dean closes his eyes and waits. It takes a while, but eventually his body betrays him and gets him wet, wet enough to be ready to put this fucked up show on the road. He parts his legs even more to let Cas, the monstrosity in a salesman’s fit, stolen body, in. With plenty of regrets. There’s no pleasant anticipation to it. It’s nothing more than a physiological reaction to having his clit repeatedly bothered.
Like he did. And like he did in Dean’s dream, Dean’s Hell. He’s not here. Dean dreams alone with two empty racks. Cas has the love of his life with him. An incomplete Hell is a parody of itself. It deteriorates quickly. It takes Dean along into decomposition. He doesn’t mind all that much. He kills while he can. When he’ll dissolve – he’ll wake up and that, in fact, he minds a lot. It’s a very tedious world outside. Rackless, bladeless, hopeless. With Sams and Cases that breathe and look at him too much – they do that when he’s up. Their eyes are wrapped up in pity and pity is Dean’s least favorite flavor of life. In Hell, he’s the king and queen, for once he doesn’t question his choices – no one does. He wants to stay below, where his hand doesn’t itch, where he acts instead of thinking, where the blackness is so thick he doesn’t see his failure even if he tries. Where a shadow of Alastair’s hand pets his back and he purrs. Where something is proud of him.
“Okay, I get that. I’ll take it from here. You should go. Tell everyone to go to their rooms and not come anywhere near here under any circumstances. I have no idea what’s about to happen, but I can’t have anyone on the line of fire.”
“When you saw what he’s done. You knew how important they a--” Dean manages to stop himself in time, hopefully careful enough not to raise Castiel’s hackles, “but all you did was to come back with a grand scene of swooping my ass into your arms of salvation and laid the exact same
“Lucifer,” Dean spits, terrified. Not of the devil, but of Cas’s decision. What damage could he possibly fucking have to make such a stupid choice?
“Are you sure there’s no slap on left to put on?” He can’t believe he just said that. He well knows it’s done. He’s a painted whore (again), good as new. Perfect. There’s nothing more to add, unless they’re doing this in some kind of fucked up order that makes no sense. But then again, what does? “Foundation?” he suggests, hopeful.
“You already, um, what’s your saying? Are on a roll?” She says and the last part comes out heavily accentuated again.
Castiel winces and clenches his hands into fists around his stupid white pants. Clearly wants to do something with those hands, but decides not to. Dean patiently whatevers at whatever that is. The loathing on his face is made of stone.
“I’ll never forgive myself for this,” Castiel says hopeless, tears filling his eyes. He doesn’t know what to do. He feels there has to be something to make Dean change his mind. But Dean never changes his mind once he’s set on a mission.
“Don’t worry, Nad. I’d get all of us the hell outta here, scissors blazin, and then we’d go to Vegas and build some tiny huts on the desert.”
Oh, this special offer is forever over, buddy. You screw something up, you deal on your own now. Be the big boy you yell you are. “But what I still want to know, honey, is what it was that you did to me that is your fucking fault now?”
“I'm just drinking my afternoon coffee with my beautiful husband in our common house, Dean,” Castiel chirps and takes a sip to drive his bullshit point home.
“You know, originally I wanted the evening to go more along your human standards of wooing as you call it. Nice, relaxing, enticing. And affectionate, since this you need the most, especially now. But, if this is your biggest concern, I know how to fuck so it won’t hurt the baby, Dean,” he explains steadily and tiredly, as if Dean is a moron.
“Dean,” Castiel snarls and readjusts his grip - the answer to Dean’s question is: neither. Castiel is trying to make mashed potatoes today.
Dean simply shakes his head. There is no point in arguing about it, is there? That would be a waste of words. You can’t talk a wolf into being a sheep so you most likely can’t talk an amalgamation of an angel and millions upon millions of various monsters into being, well, human, either. If Cas knows better, then Cas knows better. Does that mean Dean’s got no autonomy over his own feelings anymore? Probably. But that was to be expected, since he basically yielded, right?
. He doesn’t know how to compete with the power of the blade, with the blood and barbwire bond Dean shares with it. Livid and driven by the malicious thing (he knows, but denies for the second time), he punches Dean in the face to what Dean bites down his broken lip and moans as if it was the highest pleasure ever given to him. Scratches harder, draws blood. Castiel hits him again.
Castiel grimaces at him, he loses interest in his bloody steak plate and his gaze hardens, zeroed in on Dean. But it just adds to Dean’s fire instead of putting it out. He sees red now. Next time he opens his mouth, he just can’t shut up.
“You must understand,” Castiel continues after a while, undeterred by Dean’s explicitly hateful silence, “you were never supposed to be Michael’s. You were always meant to be mine. It took me a while, but I see that now.”
“Don’t you suppose that’s too much time ahead for you to be concerned about? Time that you don’t have here because you’ll be long locked away by then?”
“Dean, I know what you’re doing and I assure you that’s a pointless endeavor. There is nowhere you can run to. Where you are now won’t matter in a handful of minutes because soon we won’t be here anymore.”
“How do I even tell you to fuck off in whatever language that is most native to you these days?” Dean groans, mostly flat, void of ire. Castiel only frowns in response. Dean returns his attention to the phone, then. “So?”
Cas stops as well and pulls the dog-like head tilt which reminds Dean of a whole different life and a whole different Cas, so he wants to strangle him for having the audacity to reminiscent anything deeply loved that is long dead and gone. Or at least this is what Dean tells himself sometimes when he wants to sleep at night. Because the option that suggests everything good in Cas simply “evolved” and not died is far, far worse. Makes looking at him physically painful and sleeping impossible.
“Please, just let me help you. You have to trust me that all I have in mind is your benefit. Not mine. Do you think I want to have to guide you resorting to such desperate measures?” He sighs.
Could there be any chance this closet has a pair of pants around Dean’s size? Like, whatever the fuck it is because yeah, Dean’s clearly noticed every time he’s plugged back in he’s, uh, kinda tiny bit bigger, even though he can’t exactly say he looks super pregnant-pregnant. He’s somewhere between
He lies down next to Dean in silence. His friend doesn’t wake up to watch the sunset this time. Night falls over the ashes of Springfield and he waits.
“You’re the true embodiment of Humanity, Dean. It’s only fair I reigned with the Righteous Man by my side. You can help me make the right decisions. You can be my inspiration.”
“You’re not Ophelia, Dean,” he murmurs softly. That’s as much a threat as it is reassurance. Such recklessness will not go without reprimand.
“Hey,” he says, aiming for normal (but Dean can and does feel the lie scratching over his needy, wanting bones). He clears his throat, from the obvious lie, maybe. “Dean?” he goes (asks?) smiling shyly, like a child. That’s two words and that’s a fuckload. But what can Dean say – Sam’s always been braver than him, he supposes. He makes a great example. So Dean tries to follow.
There comes a bitter smile. “Will that help you discipline your pet better?” Oddly, this doesn’t exactly sound like a snide remark directed at Dean but more like a challenge towards Cas. Like he’s trying to prove a point or something. “I can also add a lea—”
“I always prepared it for Sam. It used to calm me down, gave me a feeling I'm doing something useful and helpful, you know. My mother used to make it for me, too. It's a nice memory, a nice tradition. I want to keep it in the family. I want to make soup for everyone here.” He leaves out the but not for you. “Can I make the soup?”
“For what? For me to develop stockholm syndrome? You fucked up far too deep for that to have a chance to happen,” he tells him instead.
“About what she said…” Castiel starts, “I’m not going to lie to you. Not on purpose, not through omission. You have my word, you have… you’d know anyway, wouldn’t you?”
There is no small mercy in this house not accounted for. The realization hits him harder than he thought it might. If he could sink any lower down the bathroom floor, he would.
To be completely honest, right now Dean isn't exactly sure what Castiel said anymore, but the general gist he gets, so there’s that. He was too busy stowing his crap and having his heart and lungs work like evolution intended. That didn't quite work and back in his chair, solo, he's still reeling, knuckles white as he's clutching the table’s edge for purchase.
Dean grimaces as he dries himself with a towel as fast as he can. This pile of shit really fucking stinks and he’s sure that if a miracle won’t happen, he will literally shriek with steam any moment now, the boiling kettle that he is. He puts a fresh pair of underwear on, knowing the forties are gonna call and tell him to give it back. Forgoes the bra and slips into another shitty dress of paranoid length and eye-bleaching white. Must’ve been hospital gown inspired or something what with the need to tie it on the side to make ends meet. But then he thinks: no, it’s not that. It’s practicality. Just one dangling bit to pull for easy access. God ain’t got time for pulling long dresses up.
It doesn’t take long until Dean is standing in a puddle of his wedding dress and undergarments, clad only in a pair of white panties. This does not feel good. He’d gladly take the dress back, even if it was covered in rhino shit. Even if it was made of hornets.
Cas removes one hand from Dean’s waist to push away the lace collar of his dress. He places a kiss on his tender neck, featherlike and chaste at first. A shudder drags through Dean’s spine. He doesn’t know what to do with it or with himself for that matter. The kiss becomes full mouthed, more insistent. Dean’s pretty sure tongue’s gonna be involved. Yeah, there it is. A wet, hungry stripe, lewd and devouring. Another, another. Teeth scrape lightly against his skin. So does the holy stubble. Ages ago and a Cas ago, that would have been hot. But it’s not. And it won’t be. Not now, not ever. This needs to stop because he’s gonna puke all over his pretty dress real soon.
“You were crying,” Castiel tries, placating and contrite. “I simply knew you would be too recalcitrant to tell me why.”
And now he can’t see the chandelier anymore. It’s all Castiel, that white suit, surrounding him with arms and legs, trapping him in branches. The ice from his eyes falls into Dean’s chest. He can’t breathe.
“He is shit,” Nadya says it like that encompasses all the knowledge Dean should currently have. “You haven't met him. Make it stay that way.”
Dean, on his end, could really use some of that coffee for extra courage, but he doesn't think he needs his mouth scorched just yet, so he decides to go without.
Castiel kisses him chastely once more and, thank fuck, lets him fall asleep, no extra rounds this time.
He’s like seventy something years old and he’s never been this relieved. This is it, this is freedom. This is going home, where there’s Sam, where his mom is, where Cas isn’t God (if he is at all; after all he’s done it’s debatable), where the world stays how it was. He’s free. The water reddens over time and he feels like he’s floating soon enough. Despite the bath, he gets cold. Doesn’t matter. Springfield doesn’t matter. He’s about to become one with Russia. He’s gonna be fucking Anna Karenina. So he waits. Content. Anxious. Content again. This is so funny. This is – wait, what was so funny? Never mind. What’s important is why the fuck do they have a piano room? Cas the God commanded let there be a piano room in this fuck up house. And golden chrysanthemums in a crystal glass (where even is the glass?). What the fuck. What an idiot. He’s sleepy.
but he doesn’t even know if he means safe from him, safe from Cas, the general safe, or how you ask about a person that can get hurt. It feels like his body wrote the text for him and omitted any judgment on the conscious parts of the brain (or whatever he’s got left of those, he muses). Intuition votes that what he had in mind was, in fact,
“I said, take that fucking hand off my back. Let’s change it to take your fucking hands off me in general.”
“What do you think I’m ovulating for: is it shits or is it giggles?” he asks curiously. “I personally can’t fucking tell.”
Castiel’s hand hovers above Dean’s bare chest and for a second, he’s terrified of being touched there. Of the hand that can rest unbidden on his breasts, on the part of him which isn’t even his, so alien to him, unwelcome and unnecessary. He tried not to think about it throughout the whole day, but a single touch will make the breasts real, will bring the violation to his direct attention and honestly, he doesn’t need that right now. Intellectually, he perfectly understands that he won’t be able to keep this game up for the following months, but he’s not ready to give it up just yet.
Dean breaks the kiss and stares at him startled like a wolf that just heard the moon howl back to it. His eyes are far from sad and what an unimaginable sight it is. They illuminate the whole dimmed room. The “vacancy” sign seems pale in comparison. Castiel shamelessly stares. And waits, unafraid because he’s always been brave. Because he always believes he’s doing the right thing.
“The only thing you are is going back,” Dean snarls and takes a step forward. “You’re going to return and fix your fucking mess, you hear me?”
in a way Dean doesn't even know how to describe, ‘cause it ain't exactly cold, ain't exactly burning, ain't exactly even here, but it's ripping him through somehow, all too focused and still, too predatory and unyielding; terrifying and not human.
“I need you to understand that I’m not the evil you paint me as. My intentions are nothing but benevolent.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll see them in the right time. It isn’t yet,” Castiel informs casually, calmly walking towards Dean again, just following until Dean is out of shit to throw or move around, out of free space and out of corners away from the door. Then Castiel collects, like Dean’s some fucking runt of the litter, no matter how feisty. Closes the door and puts Dean down. “Pick some other room for the evening fun,” he comments, with more lustful gravel than it was called for, and for same old record - it was uncalled for as whole.
And it also has to be said, that’s probably a lie. Thing is, Dean is honestly not sure yet, which is a huge problem, strategy-wise. He can’t trust his own feelings because he doesn’t know what they are. Falling in love was slow. Crawling out of it is even slower. It’s a process he’s more aware of happening. Loving was easy because it was subtle and quiet. One day, that looked exactly like all the fucking other days before, he stole a glance when Cas said something so trivial Dean doesn’t even remember it anymore and it just occurred to him: I love him. I’d give anything to make him happy. His consciousness did not participate in taking the road there. He simply arrived.
“Please, don’t ruin the makeup,” Oksana begs, even though she should have told him to just shut the fuck up and not make this any harder for her. Everyone she ever knew and loved is probably fucking dead now only because Cas was tired of waiting for him to man the fuck up and spread like the good bitch he’s supposed to be. His reasoning was just excuses. This is what it was about, in the end. Nothing more, not really. He probably even chose the part of the world to fuck over (alternatively: “fix”) at random.
“How’d you just do that? Do you have an English on and off switch? Were you an actress or something? That why you were so loaded?”
He sits next to Dean, too close for comfort, and puts his arm around him, palm resting where it did, once, to the point of burning. He does it like it's something they used to do since always, like it's in not just their habit, but in their nature to sit hip to hip, aligned; sharing gentle intimacy and evening treats.
“I’m sorry,” Dean spits flatly and tries to shrug, but fails, dead bones too stiff to really follow through with a human motion.
Dean knows the distance between Castiel’s seat (which he is now vacating) and Dean’s bones is the only liminal space before a luxury edition of a smackdown.
“For hell’s sake, Dean. Did you not listen to your own vow? Which was wonderful, by the way. Penned by Castiel, I presume?”
As far as Dean's honest answers are concerned, this is a very loaded question he doesn't know how to answer without fifteen to fifty years of scientific research beforehand.
The ‘back in my day we were learning to sow and accidentally domesticating horses, now all y’all have cars and they don’t even shit’ kind of way. And if he says ‘visual drama’ again he will punch himself. How many dumb t-shirts can his mouth make, for fuck’s sake. But he just doesn’t know what to say anymore.
That was just humoring Dean, simplifying and smoothing edges on purpose. Wrapping it up into something friendly, sparkly and comprehensible:
“A little busy,” Castiel comments nonchalantly the same frigging moment the cursed desk chair misses Dean by inches so fast he swears he could feel breeze in his hair and no, it didn’t feel all that refreshing. “Last warning, dove. Next stone hits the bird.”
The only information of actual value is that now Dean knows Lisa and Ben are a sore spot for his jealous God, so he needs to be extra careful around that. Noted.
Now Cas, he asks those things even though he knows that awake he’s falling into pieces, missing and drying and sick; that he wants, that he needs, that he’s stepped away from all the light that ever was for him, if any. For this alone, for the audacity to demand an answer like that, he wants Cas in between his fingers, a wreath of death on his throat, a rainbow of bruises. He wants to eat the very last moment of air that escapes his holy lungs.
“I love this plan. This is my favorite plan. You have all three of my blessings,” Castiel concludes. “Wonderful advice, Dean. Please, take it. I promise you won't regret.”
The waitress who just passed him gave him the most indignant glare he’s ever been given - and it must be said, in the past forty days he got a load of those. The real problem about the woman is how she looks. It makes him swallow hard. How does Dean know? Her green pools of venom tells him that he knew. He really knew. Taking in his confused expression, she tsks and turns around on her heel, rushes past him, movements of her limbs and hips all sharp anger. This is going to be a problem, most likely. Tense, he makes it to Dean’s table. Upon sitting down he releases all the air he has no idea he’s been holding. He sighs for what he thinks is at least twelve years.
Castiel gives Dean a quick glance, probably to confirm or deny the accusation. His hand lands on the nape of his neck, as if to ground him even more.
His body tries to fight back the alien intrusion through convulsions, through whatever it can. The pain doesn’t quite go to it, no. It ignores the flesh. It goes deeper. It carves and digs beneath the arches of his ribs, claws at something that isn’t an organ but more. Dean lets out a surprised whimper when it finally hits what it wants.
He wonders if Cas is gonna respect his autonomy and wait or assert his authority as his God by coming in anyway. Doesn’t matter. Fuck you, Cas.
Threat beats spite. Soap beats threat, Castiel wins. Even facing the door, all senses away from him, Dean can feel his small, satisfied smile all over his back. He cans down the heebie-jeebies it gives him. It’s not a particularly good moment to experience them.
But Dean knows no mercy in not being here. Like with Christ, the whole tempting doesn’t quite work. At this point Castiel is becoming annoyingly aware that no matter how many crowns and kingdoms and un-destroyed Russia’s he’d offer, it’s not going to do anything to help Dean change his mind. Because Dean isn’t that much of a materialistic man, obviously. Because this is about some kind of principle now. Because something else also, but Castiel fails to decipher that one. Frustrated, he wonders what kind of pieces he’s missing.
“Yeah.” Because what else can he say, honestly. Cas’s smile gets wider and suddenly there’s nothing even slightly warm about it. The warmth is replaced with something mad and ugly. “Uh-oh.”
Dean thinks about Illinois, now. He thinks about the noise that would break glass and make his brain bleed, would send him on his knees, panicking, weak, close to falling deaf, desperate to run to the edge of the world on all fours just to make it
Or, if Sunshine doesn’t feel particularly chatty and understanding today, Dean guesses that as last resort, instead of flimsy explanations of any kind, he can always get his face smashed directly into year 3000 to learn the wonders of flying cars, colonization of outer space and his fucking place. As a possibility it definitely ain’t all that far fetched, considering how his technically first officially married day spent together began.
He puts on the white clothes he’s found in his closet. He hates how he looks. He hates Cas in white and he hates fucking angels in white suits wearing the faces of people he once loved. He’s already had that once. Maybe going through this again is another stage of his punishment. He wonders if there is yet another one in between having to look at this and getting fucked by the baobab white god (which is probably like getting fucked by Annie Wilkes; he feels like Sheldon already here).
Perhaps knowing what’s on Dean’s mind, Cas starts with, “I know you don’t trust me.” Dean nods. “I regret the action I have taken against your brother. I don’t want him to suffer.”
“But I still need you to stay in line and do what has to be done, capiche?” he asks, voice urgent for the first time since fuck knows when. He pulls him in by his shirt and Castiel lets himself easily fall into his orbit. Dean kisses him, all fear and desperation. Castiel lets him have it.
“Oh, but I do. You’ve been calling him for days. With the bond you had, he could have given you a sign anytime he wanted. He didn’t.”
“Dean,” Cas urges, soft but making no place for debate. “Do you want to go on your own accord or do I have to move your legs for you?”
So quiet here. Castiel did not need to spit many words at Dean to have that ugly patronizing voice keep ringing annoyingly in his brain, kind of like it did in that gas station all those years before. It’s just so nice to not be in imminent threat of listening to it again, at least for a little while, for however long he’s safely allowed to take to get himself pristine and holy for his husband God, so he could be with so much joy beheld and be fucked. He doubts there are any other reasons for that. Soon he’ll find out but not just yet. Now he’s tuning into the silence, savoring it.
Dean calls bull with a lovely side of shit regarding this sudden caution. Cas looms over him from behind and places both hands on his shoulders. The gesture infuriates him to no end. He hates those hands and what they did to Sam, to the world, and surprisingly, even to him.
Oh, well. Back to assessing the changes it is, then. From large and a bit industrial, kept for exclusively meal-making purposes, the kitchen has, with no context so far, morphed into something ripped straight out of a family friendly cough syrup commercial or whatever it is that an Ikea catalog has in its extremely pricey rustic section for fucking losers. Now, the former nearly cafeteria wonder made space for a relatively small table with only two chairs in the heart of the room. Along the yellowish walls, there's a row of homely and bright wooden counters, accompanied by the obligatory hanging cupboards, retro looking stove and fridge in a really shitty pastel blue, fucking both, a too small sink and–
“Taking your idiotic mistake into consideration, do you think you’re going to get twenty minutes of open space and fresh air at any point in the future?”
“You gotta be shitting me,” Dean snorts and Castiel tenses again. “What kind of a name is this,” he murmurs to himself, amused to no end. Castiel guesses it could have gone worse, all possible outcomes considering. “Who was it that hated you so much? Your mom or your dad?”
Dean looks up, but doesn’t put away his tools. “Oh, finally, Cas. I was getting impatient.” He smiles viciously. “Welcome to the ninth circle of Hell.”
He wonders how the fuck did he even forget. It’s the absolutely fundamental thing about angels; about Castiel, most of all, especially in these beautifully improved circumstances of theirs: Castiel is not a person even if he wants to be one. At least not currently.
So, stupid Dean refocuses on the task at hand and makes his way through the cabinet. Really tries to ignore the scarce personal items there because they make him wanna cry and he knows that if he starts, he won’t be able to stop. Someone here likes purple. Someone likes raspberry soap. Someone else chooses lavender. Someone needs “men” written on literally everything, and has dandruff. Someone has band-aids with dinosaurs. A chipped toothbrush mug that says “I love my mom”. Jesus Christ, he can’t do this, he can’t be here. He should go. He should die. He stops rummaging to get a hold on his breathing and unsurprisingly blurry vision.
The guy doesn’t hear that, though. Probably because he flies across the church and lands heavily on the far wall, next to Castiel, where he gets stuck, unable to make a move. Or a noise, if his silence is meant to be any clue.
“Shit,” Dean whispers because this happens to be both exactly what he feels like and the perfect summary for the situation.
“You’re terrified, aren’t you?” she whispers à propos of nothing, shocking him with her courage to speak.
close to storming off to rummage for some forlorn string of pearls just for the sake of clutching them so it could match the sense of scandal on his face. Yeah, unthinkable, Dean knows, the very thought of him not swallowing the ambrosia anymore, not even the best money shot could match that.
“Because you don’t have any other friends,” Crowley supplies and Dean can’t exactly tell whether it was said mockingly or not.
“Yeah?” he prompts, throat sore. Like it or not, he needs to figure out what the fuck does this thing want first. Number one rule of know your monster is… know your monster (and don’t talk about loving the monster club).
“Fine,” Castiel answers, ruthlessly cold and counter pissed. “Be that wise and kind, my consort of great value, and tell me. Now.”
“What the fuck for?! That sounds insane! Like an opposite of a plan! Sounds like fuck shit!” Dean rants.
He catches a glimpse of Cas banging Dean’s head over a shelf and shouting at him shit he doesn’t catch out, all of this happening while they're fucking against a wall, Dean clinging to Cas with his legs for dear life.
“God, no,” Dean waves his worry off in a dismissive voice. “We just tried some shenanigans to tone the Mark down.”
how it works, Cas,” Dean sighs. “Been there. After each contact I got better only to cuckoo later. This
“Dean,” he tries but already knows he’s not going to get anything out of him today. "Can you at least tell me if you think Cas’s help worked?”
“I can feel the distress all over you, Dean. Not just see it,” Castiel points out, adding to Dean’s skyrocketing frustration. “You know that you can still call me Cas, right?” he adds, softer. Too soft. Dean’s chiseling his already artisan level of skill in invisibly retching. “You know that you can always tell me what's wrong? That you should? No matter what you think right now, this is the safest place for you. Right here. With me.”
“Yeah,” he says, his face full of mysteries about to unfold. “Driver picks the music. Shotgun shuts his cakehole. That clear?”
Seems like it’s time to visit Castiel’s office. He’s been purposely avoiding it as it makes his bones screech and his brain churn because it’s his personal ground zero of all horrors in terms of this particular prison. But he shouldn’t be babying himself either. If anything flashes at him, he’ll swallow it again. He’s swallowed forty years of hell. He’ll swallow day forty one as well.
on me, just with glitter hearts painted on it. That’s where I start counting. Every single thing that happened next - Sam, Ellie, your bestie Balthazar,” Dean enumerates, then shrugs. “I didn’t even have it in me to be surprised because the guy I knew as Cas was a lie. So that thing? Canceled.” He smiles, bitter.
The grounds are still full of people. Everything is a mess, covered in folding chairs and a rich variety of flowers. Nobody seems to pay his reappearance any attention. Then again, perhaps no one is simply allowed to. Somewhat relieved, Dean pushes the heavy wooden door and slips into the church, its space now lit solely by the candles from the candelabras. The stained windows let nothing in as it’s already quite dark.
And he’s beautiful like that. So beautiful something in Castiel wants to tear him apart, eat him until he breaks his teeth on Dean’s bones. But the need in Dean’s body, the inhuman craving that makes him moan and melt, it has Castiel maddeningly jealous. Dean isn’t fucking
This has to be the dumbest thing he’s ever said, but, admittedly, he didn’t think it through that much.
Throughout his entire life his name was invoked in many terrifying and unpleasant ways, but this one takes the fucking cake.
“I beg your fucking pardon?” he asks, voice high pitched and unstable. “Would you perhaps like me to, I don’t know, stop looking so distressed for your personal convenience?”
Nails of Cas’s palm are digging into his skin. Dean winces, but dresses himself in a smile once more.
But wait, there’s more: he fucked up for the third time in a row because he shared his disappointment with the class, whereas he was supposed to be fucking thrilled. Thankful? Proud? Ecstatic? There was none of this, thank you. Which is probably why Cas is very busy today, really not wanting to try to interact with him right now (great, like literally once in a lifetime opportunity great) and also why he supposes Springfield taking it up the ass was up for yesterday’s agenda (bad). Frankly, he just wishes the sweetheart would cope with that lack of gratitude through the traditional fist to face kind of conversation instead of burning everything around their domestic dream into ashes because Lincoln’s fucking house really didn’t deserve this and five million other reasons Dean doesn’t have it in him anymore to count. At the same time, he’s super convinced the fucking statues are going to outlive the city and remain the last damn things standing and that will make a horrible view, but in Dean’s eyes still won’t prove Cas’s point, whatever it fucking is these days. So yeah, a punch would be a better plan. God, sometimes he wishes Cas would just hit him cause that’s at least normal. But the fist went elsewhere. The memory draws an involuntary shudder. Nausea follows. There’s really no time or no point for this, he reminds himself. He has no way of telling when Cas is coming back, so pro-health puking is out of options. Also, it’s absolutely counterproductive.
Great, now he not only has to make a goddamn bag, he also needs it to be the size of a bed sheet. Dumb, dumb, ugly, horny son of a bitch.
“His office? Are you insane? We were never there, Dean. We've spent a long time down here, doing our best to be invisible.”
“Thanks for the explanatory subtitles, Castiel. However I would manage to tag my feelings without them, using only that pigeon brain of mine,” Dean deadpans.
“You, I think,” Death lets out a humorless chuckle. “Have you finally told him you want him as his bride? Is that why the infamous Dean befriended the knife?”
Now this is something that does not hold his interest. Dean knows the question is way heavier than the words suggest. Even normally he wouldn’t feel inclined to open that wound, but now? Now he doesn’t care. In all honesty, he only feels in the way that he wants to know if. it’s. safe. He tosses his phone aside. Tries to sleep, senses tired and frustrated with the ripe stench of the room, of himself. Wants to dream of better things.
“You're upset,” Castiel states, stern. The all-serious absurdity of it effectively enough stops Dean’s hand from going after Glass Two. Observation of the century, that. Point for God. Twenty more and he’ll earn himself a mean discount on a used Cadillac and a piano falling to his face from an extreme height.
“You really don't have to sit here and eavesdrop, asshole. You don't even drink coffee,” he accuses instead.
“I’m not done yet?!” Dean interjects, disregarding Cas’s copy-paste input. He heard that song and he’s beyond bored with it.
. It cries and it’s the weeping of a lost, hopeless child, Dean can’t find anything monstrous in its misery, though he tries, wants to so fucking bad. He aches. He remembers crying like that, too. On parking lots, in motel rooms, in front of his mother’s photo, in John’s multitudes of absence. To no one because there was no one. It sobs and sobs, his body echoes with it, and Dean’s not surprised, not able to blame; a child, no matter how many rows of teeth it grows, has always the same eyes, eyes that see through things, see the elephant-eating boa constrictor beneath the mirage of a hat, beneath the so called matters of consequence and perpetual pardoning of old rats.
“Every cell of your body, I know it. Every piece of it I have remade, I have touched. Every shape or form you can ever take, I know. Before you were formed in the womb, I knew you. Before you were born, I waited to set you apart, to put you back together. I, and only I, have carried your soul. I see into you and I know. I know you better than you do. You are resilient and strong. And I know you can take it, can survive. Just let it in. Let me appoint you. Stop struggling and you will breathe.”
A small, gentle pat drags him right back to the study, to Dean, who shouldn’t be moving at all. Dean, whose palm now rests on his, clammy and cold, unpresent. Castiel petrifies, but his eyes, every single one of them, dart to Dean’s face, watch the suspicious nothing happen for a long, unsettlingly stretched moment.
Castiel reaches to his white slacks’ pocket and offers Dean a ring. It looks pretty generic. Gold and plain, no writings on it, no nothing.
“No,” he says. “That's not what I meant, Dean. It's just painful to have you automatically assume I would hurt you on purpose without a reason.”
He turns the affronting gift in his hand, over and over, trying to figure out what to do with it, if anything, and what driving his options safely can possibly entail before he crosses an invisible line and gets penalty time-out in some abstract part-hell again. And that has chances of happening the same size as cold happening in Siberia. Or whatever it is now.
“No,” Death smiles patronizingly. “An accident was you finding him. Both this time and the first time, Castiel. Don’t feel so entitled.”
“But my abode?” he asks innocently, marveling at the silly, stupid ire in Castiel’s glare, the flashes of a grimace on his lips before he wipes it off and collects himself.
Dean can pinpoint exactly. He can draw a graph with all the neat little arrows. He can answer all the whys, except of the biggest one.
The camera flashes attack him as soon as he steps on the ruthless contraption of the podium. He’s encircled by countless representatives of the media and in front of him, myriads of people are sitting eerily quiet on white folding chairs. Wondering where the fuck this many chairs possibly can even come from, he doesn’t fail to notice the hundreds of sour-faced, suit-wearing bimbos standing still among them, whole hijacked bodies stuck in a hilarious paroxysm of contempt. He swallows down a groan.
Castiel offers him a patronising smile as a consolation prize to that refund. “I don’t really need you to. Anything else itching you that I have to scratch?”
“Yeah, man. Soup.” Dean shrugs. “Is this kitchen shit working or is all of this just a stage prop exactly like your mercy?”
“That’s my name, yes. Congratulations! You got it right, first try! There any reasons you used it just now?”
Tonight they don’t have time. Or they don’t want to. Dean’s body is a book Castiel is bored with. There’s been enough touch, enough kisses. Too many. He seeks something else than that. Soon, he’ll find death, a death better than this one on two legs before him.
, but like, the cardboard chewable edition with pictures, for toddlers with brain capacity of dogs. Or a crib mobile playing a really fucking neat lullaby, shit like that.
with the face his heart memorized as the safehouse for his trust, a source of warmth, contorted and poisoned almost unrecognizably, but present, like a terribly, terribly bad leftover option at seeing the silver lining. Until now.
“Nahhhh,” Dean waves off, trying for, well, sounding as non hostile as he can humanly fakely get. Should get an Emmy for that. Just for his nah. He deserved it.
With Dean thinking he could be the rose scaring tigers away with his crooked little thorns. That he could take Raphael and his army on his back like just another cross. That he and his brittle, dust made bones could stand by Castiel’s side, not behind him, on a battle like that and
He reaches out to the inside pocket of his flawless white power suit and takes out a small notebook that surprisingly doesn’t look like it’s been bound with human leather, and a pretty basic dollar store pen. Maybe he’s on a budget. Or just likes to play-pretend in front of his flock that he doesn’t have a fucking datcha full of servants, french doors, real wood furniture and a cashmere-clad private whore and whatever the fuck Dean is also supposed to be these days. Dean knows a few nice places where that bic pen can go. If only it had any point to even try.
“You should drink something,” he suggests politely. “And eat. I had no idea which one you’d like, so I picked this one when you were sleeping. You liked apple pie.”
The single syllable puts the man off balance, whether it’s caused by panic or something else Dean doesn’t know, but the result is that he misses Dean’s heart. The knife hits him somewhere randomly in the chest and buries itself to the hilt.
“You can take this, Dean. You will.” Castiel’s voice, firm but compassionate, comes to him as if from a different world. He’s that far away. He hardly makes out what the words mean. “It’s alright, you’re okay. You’re strong. You will heal. I know you.” Today, now, the voice is the ugliest thing he’s ever heard. Alastair’s repulsed him less.
“Well, you have to make it that far, first,” Bobby reminds him. “And we don’t even know what we’re dealing with right now, Dean.”
“A compromise to your thirst is the only solution we have. When Sam called, I was forced to act quick. I’m the only barrier strong enough to stop you from getting your hand on the blade and this, this form of relief will let you stay sane.”
“Go,” he says, voice shaking and he presses his palm further into Castiel’s chest. “Love the world, then. See me in it. I’ll be there, somewhere.”
And then it’s gone and Dean’s pretty sure he has been at least partially turned inside out, left to dry out like laundry. Same hand - now not just bloodied but bleeding - goes to Dean’s forehead, makes the dull throbbing ebb away into static, into nothing. Fingers rub his temple, the palm that was just melting his brain switch to petting his head. Blue, ireless eyes dig into his face like into a grave; all soft, all sad.
Castiel’s smile widens a bit. If he has any insight on being a joke or devouring leftover ancient deities recently, he keeps it to himself.
And then there’s, even more against his will, a reminiscence of hope-bringing weight on his shoulder, a flash of tan that would make his unease cool down, his heart ache a little less, once. The Cas he made up inside his head like an ultra neurotic Sylvia Plath or some shit and inexcusably fooled himself with the concept of having.
at the bottom of his guts, at his too lean hands and all their strength stolen, at the subtle floral embossing covering him from being seen, and it kind of fucking hits him: something he didn't even think to consider before since he took it as par for the course with the whole house of crazy and horror crap, but actually he god damn shouldn't have.
“Castiel,” he throws on the wind, deciding not to care about whatever Dean does with the information. He already knows he’s going to fail this one.
“Doesn’t matter,” his brother shrugs. “Come on, you get to pick,” he tries to lure. “You get to pick everything now,” he adds after a while, voice too soft in these (
“I’m not holding you as my hostage,” Castiel says evenly, but his face clearly shows that he’s far from pleased with Dean’s implication. “You made a choice, Dean.”
, everything in him is desperate to make it stop, make it better, just fix it, because he’s more attuned to kids’ pain than he ever was to his own, and it’s louder than his better judgment, than the baobabs he hears spreading and growing, than the background static noise of Cas’s “not” rewiring power flowing in him, hitting him hard into the core of his consciousness anytime his thoughts attempt to shut the fuck up and rest for a moment.
Didn’t even look at him, doing that. Like Dean’s a trophy taxidermy to pat out of habit, a good luck charm. In this particular moment Dean isn’t even sure which aspect insults him the most, but to not waste any time on thinking about it, he just goes with fucking everything.
“Oh,” Dean pouts. “You made me want you and now you don’t want to kiss me? That’s rude. And here I am, wearing white for you.”
“You don’t know nagging yet, bitch,” Dean threatens. At least on this one, he can actually follow through with his words. They’re all he has, after all.
His mind hasn’t been this clear in weeks. That’s why he’s now got it in him to outdo himself in ruining the post coitus mood because he sees bright as day the scale of the quicksand of shit Cas has dragged them into. He lets anger stir inside him silently until Cas leans down in an attempt to kiss his split lip (like it’s some kind of war trophy). He doesn’t get to do that cause, frankly, now that the sex lens flares stopped confusing him, he’s pissed about Cas striking him like that this thoughtlessly. Pissed, cause he thinks about the first time he beat him up into mutt chow. And about the other time. The very foundation of this idiocy leads to the second reason why Cas doesn’t get to do that and this is something he’s going to talk about right now. He pushes Cas’s head away in an ugly, demeaning gesture. He decides to start with, “Fuck off, you stupid son of a bitch.”
“Why don't you find out yourself, creep? Because I still remember you do creep, you creep, so just–”
“All of them, Dean,” supplies a voice he definitely didn't expect or want or need to hear and probably Bobby didn't either, if his angry, surprised “Balls!” hearable in the background is to be trusted, and it sounds honest enough. “Don't you read the papers, darling? Oh, right. You probably don’t. Do you even still have eyes, God’s favorite tartlet?”
Dean thinks of how earlier that day he instinctively kept his gun trained at Cas’s back for a few seconds after he recognized it was him. He thinks how differently Cas moved, and how he shied away from the cold of his body. When Cas touched him, on the wrong shoulder, he ran cold. His usual warmth was gone. Gone from his eyes – the place that plenty of his smiles never reached. There was too much ease and familiarity to the way he moved – not like Cas, but like a cat: cunning and unafraid. In his eyes there wasn’t the love that Dean always craved for so much, but pretended to look away each time. There was something methodical to the gaze, curiosity of blue eyes purely analytic. As if Dean was a peculiar specimen of something new. His voice sounded like a recording. And when Dean, with shame, confessed his sickening attraction to Amara, Cas didn’t even flinch, while  - by all accounts – he should have, because if there is one thing Dean knows for sure (and it hurts), it’s that Cas is in love with him (tragically reciprocated, but that’s never the point).
He’s being ripped asunder. He’s being sewn back into one piece by threads made of barb wire. He’s being filled with tar, with jagged shards of glass, with dead fish, stale water. He chokes.
“I don’t want to come. It’s you who broke me, not the souls. You broke Sam’s head. You lied to me about healing him. You took the souls in the first place. I don’t want to be anywhere near you. I can’t and won’t trust you. Hell fucking with me like this I get, but you I didn’t expect. You were my friend.”
“How did you get in here,” he states instead of asking because he is not, simply not, taking a servitutory position. Not now, not ever.
“Dean, put your bitching on hold, pick up the other phone and just find out already,” Castiel says, trying to hide the near nervous breakdown experience in his voice.
“There’s nothing to be upset about, dove. I killed your phone, not your gossip buddies.” Weirdly, it doesn’t make Dean all perk up in sunshines, so he still keeps his bitch-face plastered. “At least accept this token of my love,” Castiel says, snapping his fingers.
“Dean.” The word comes again, this time careful, soft and worried. It’s louder to him now and that’s because Castiel is approaching.
“Yes. You’ve failed to meet the old condition. Perhaps you’ll meet the new one.” And Dean thinks, does he want to even know? He lets him talk. “You didn’t stand down, as you recall,” Castiel continues. “All I ask of you is to stand up and come with me.”
New plan. It has a lot of to do with loving the monster club. Mostly though, this time it’s about the monster loving him back. At this point Dean’s done trying to pull out an entire fucking baobab of souls and madness with his bare hands. He only keeps getting splinters. He doesn’t think there is a Cas to save anymore. There’s just a Cas to deal with. The baobab’s won and Dean wonders whether it’s his fault. If he should have seen it coming when it was just an innocent seed. But no, he didn’t see squat, too busy with Sam when clearly Cas needed his guidance. So maybe it is his fault and now he’s paying the price of the consequences of being blind, deaf and not caring enough.
Dean has mixed feelings. He has watched enough of sunsets through the window, praying and hoping someone would listen, but no sentient being gave a rat’s ass in the end, assuming there are any entities left. His fate is already sealed and there is nothing that can change it. A few days ago, he still had hope. Now all he has is this lousy ring, a vague idea for a “why” t-shirt, a violated face, and a crazy rampant God who he doesn’t even fucking recognize as his former friend anymore. So, rather than watching the sunset (especially with Cas), he prefers dying and being dead.
“Oh, honey, you are gravely mistaken if you think the church yes I slapped you is that all inclusive by default.”
“There, there, Dean,” Cas comforts him, his voice on fire; his hands heavy stones, pinning Dean down, unwrapping him like a sacred gift. “I knew that would comfort you,” he says.
Instead of acknowledging Cas’s presence, he hopelessly stares at the terrified woman in the mirror. At himself. But Castiel wants his presence to be known.
“Before you skin me or after?” Castiel asks pleasantly. “Where do we squeeze in shooting my face? Indulge me and sit on it first, I’d like to have my last meal.”
“You shoulda seen daddy’s face,” he whispers. “Looked like a fucking clown that got shit in his margarita.”
“Let us lavish the bride with love!” he roars again, to the media, to the crowd. “Let her see that she is treasured and cherished by all! As I have told you, I will tell you once more: celebrate the day of this union for it is a new era of peace and serenity for mankind! You all are blessed!” Castiel turns his attention back to Dean, who is convinced this time Cas is pulling half random sentences out of his ass, hoping they would somehow wrap it and make thirty percent sense. “And you, my dove, are blessed the most.”
“I’ll pass the message on. I’ll get the fucking chickens. But I’ll say you threatened me with doing something stupid to yourself, so know that if he asks, and he does ask, this will come back to you.”
“Are you always going to parrot the word soup back at me whenever I use it? Is this going to be a thing now? God, Castiel, please let's not make it into a thing, okay? I'm too tired and shit like that eats at my life span,” he complains. Castiel only cringes so the fate of soup being or not being a thing in the future for now remains unknown to Dean. “I remember you graciously complimented me learning so well and so fast and saying yes. Then I must have passed out, or so you say, so thanks for the lesson, bitch. Worked like a charm. Keep doing that more often and I’ll forget how to swallow and then you’ll be really sorry.”
“Don’t change the subject,” Dean warns. “You’re not spreading my legs with your own hands, but you make sure I know what happens if I don’t do that myself. I keep them shut and say no and the world is coincidentally suddenly on fire. Ain’t that how you roll?”
Dean’s favorite t-shirt question rises again from the dead. He would really fucking like to know why Castiel was so minutely pissed and why he held his chthonic horses instead of stampeding him as he’s so fond of doing. Dean doesn’t trust that kind of nice and cool, that kind of in-storm quietness Castiel’s suddenly gently benevolent face makes.
Dean’s legs feel far too weak and his chest begins to fall concave as he approaches. By the time he’s standing among the mess of papers, his jaw is already ringing from his teeth being shut too hard. His reward? Jack with a side of shit. Some of the pages are neatly written in Enochian. Some are in what he thinks is Sanskrit. Both accompanied by numbers that look like nothing to him in this setting. He’s able to read fucking neither of those.
“For that too,” Castiel says, ignoring the consent part, like Dean supposed he would. But apparently that isn’t the only problem at hand, why would it be.
“For what it's worth, I'll try to pull some Hollywood strings for you, Dean. Any particular casting preferences to take into consideration?”
Yeah, of course it is, what isn’t in this economy? It goes without saying, but what the ever-loving fuck even happened that was Castiel's undebatable fault?
“You want some bread, too?” voice nonchalant. “I can make some,” slides down to begging. “A sandwich.” Explanatory.
He snorts. Honestly, what else is there for him to do now? Nothing. He stops in his limping bathroom journey and takes a sweet moment savoring what he did, internal earthquake be damned.
“And this,” Dean finally speaks, aiming for casual disinterest, “would be the dumbest thing you’ve ever said and why I hate you so much.”
“Calm down,” Castiel says, voice firm. “Breathe,” he insists, hoping the message will get through to the real Dean. “Everything’s going to return back to normal. I’m going to fix this.”
“Jesus, tell him I asked for a baby boost herbal cocktail or whatever. Go get those herbs. And a chicken. Scratch that, chickens.” Dean can see he’s almost there, so he throws in an extra to convince Nadya she really should be as far away as it gets. “By the way, you think there’s any option to dance the fuck tango with getting him to repeatedly bang his stupid head against a cupboard or something?”
“So, what do you want from her?” he asks innocently. This question can be understood in many ways despite the lack of malice in the way it was spoken. None of them sound good to mention right now. She waits, silent. Castiel looks down, the weight of her eyes, of the betrayal echoing off them, too heavy to bear with a head held high.
“How? Some of the pieces are already out of his body. Coming back anywhere, not to mention back to you, is the last thing they want to do.”
Dean sighs wearily and descends into the tub using the stupid railing but hating it every second as he goes.
Yeah, uh, Dean has this really powerful and annoying craving for a Coca-Cola ever since the stomach pain wore off, but he doesn't see one standing here?
To say the very least, Bobby wasn’t exactly thrilled, but Dean had his mind already made up. Castiel plants him and Sam in a house somewhere in Illinois. It looks boring, bland and too spacious. It lacks a white picket fence. Dean doesn’t need to see all the wards to feel them. Pretty powerful shit. He feels naked without his weapons and, to him, the wards don’t make much of a difference. He wants his stuff.
Dean can hear Bobby let out whole lot of heavy air from his chest and he thinks a few months-held stones of worry followed too, metaphorically or something.
“Higher standard, okay, I get it. But! I can cook good if I do say so myself and I ain’t crap in keeping stuff in order. Was your place all that kind of disaster or just your closet here because you don’t give a shit? Which I can also get, no lie. Here sucks.”
“We’re looking for a way to get you out of here and kick the evil overlord off his throne,” Bobby says.
“Yes,” Castiel confirms affectionately, a small smile crawling up his stupid face, lighting his eyes with something that Dean can’t name but fucking really wants to punch. “Appliances aside, I made everything here myself. For you. I have a lot on my hands, but your comfort is worth sparing some time on carpenting. You helped make homes for so many people. I want to give you the same.”
Something or someone doesn’t want him to make it there. Mid-step, from in between the pews, he gets pulled by his dress and lands flat on the ground with a yelp. An unexpected weight follows and keeps him pinned. He fights and pushes until he manages to switch positions with the attacker, but it only lasts for a moment as a violent pull on his hair not only ruins his perfect updo, but also unexpectedly hurts like a motherfucker and distracts him enough to have him pinned again. At least he’s face up the second time around. Above him, there’s a swift, skilled and a quite fucking heavy man with sparks of wrath in his cold, grey eyes. He holds a knife to Dean’s throat. Somehow, Dean’s not at all surprised, although he fails to see the point of this plan, whatever it even is.
And this screaming here thinks it loves him and it doesn't take rejection very well. Takes being repeatedly told to shut the fuck up and get over itself even worse.
“Oh, of course I can. I don’t care if you make peace with this or not. You’ve played your song, now it’s time for mine. So have mercy, dear God, and let me do my job.”
“I couldn’t help myself,” Castiel admits, joyful. Dean cringes more. It’s cringe day today. “I had to see you,” he explains. Dean discovers that his face is physically unable to cringe any further. It tries, though, desperate to convey his bottomless disgust. “You’re so beautiful,” he whispers into Dean’s neck, sounding wrecked and completely dislodged from reality. His hands, the poor, unfortunate dead salesman’s hands, swim down to Dean’s sides, to his belly, where they decide to rest. Castiel pulls until their bodies meet, too close and too much. Everything in Dean goes taut, every single muscle screams and begs for death. It’s echoing in his bones, far too loud to ignore. Through the fabric and whole three layers of his dress, fire tongues of Castiel’s body’s heat lick at Dean’s skin in slow, needy stripes. “I love you. I love you so much, Dean.”
He’s groggy, hoarse and exhausted. Although, he goes with the term “exhausted” only because no fitting word was yet invented to properly envelope the entirety of his aching misery. There’s a hand, raking softly over the skin of his back, so, so soothing. Dulls the dying a little, he’s grateful for the small comfort. That Lisa?
Of course he then takes that point back. Dean can’t keep those. Because if he’s right then Cas is wrong, which is, duh, wrong. And, for the same fucking record, he is wrong. He is fucking, fucking wrong.
Dean turns around to leave, all stiff and absent again, his entire being already functioning on a different plane. And Castiel thinks, good. Finally. He’ll get to stay alone in the cabin, just him and nothing else. He waits for Dean to say something, anything. Whatever it will be, it’s gonna sound shallow and meaningless. Because it is. Everything is abstract and fucked up. Unfair, mostly, because Chitaqua doesn’t know it’s going to be nothing more than cats pinned to Persian bucklers. Demons are no Egyptians – they’re going to shoot. Chitaqua seeks life, but it’s going to die. Thanks to both of them.
