Tony pat her on the head, then left the room, thankfully by walking this time and not disappearing.  She looked at Cap, who just sighed.  "I suppose Tony's gone through the whole 'What woke you?' routine?" he said, rather than answering.
* * *
Tony didn't immediately squash the hope those words brought up.  The stolen kiss after the Avengers reunion battle had been short and desperate as Tony tried to give what little comfort he could.  Tony had initiated it, but Steve was the one who pulled him back after the first chaste press of their lips.  There had been a moment when Steve smiled at him, a small half-smile that made Tony's chest ache like he still had the arc reactor.  In that brief moment, Tony had thought it would work out.
"But what if I like being in your villainous clutches?" Tony said with a mock pout.
It started innocently enough.
"Sure thing, honey bee," Tony said with a guiltless smile as Rhodey left.
"It is clear that you are the one who will destroy this world, and the future with it," Kang said, picking himself up off the ground.  "You are the one who doesn't belong in this time period.  So I will kill you, and save the world and my own future."
"If we leave you in there you will
"Food's been going missing," Jarvis replied.  "Not all of it at once, but a lot.  Enough to have a small feast every day.  The cook's been going crazy because he locks the pantry up tight every night."
Somewhere along the line alcohol had become involved, even though Steve was pretty sure it was too early to be considered proper.  Even Bruce had a little bit, saying he was a pretty mellow drunk.  Steve watched Tony and Bruce's animated discussion and cuddling on the couch, reminding himself that his colors were red, white, and blue, not green.  Except he wouldn't have minded being green when it obviously got Tony's attention and compliments.
* * *
Sometimes Tony really hated magic.  "I'm not leaving him," Tony said simply, because if she was catching a ride, Steve damn well better be too.  "And if you kill him, I. Won't. Leave.  So you can either get the leaf we need to stop the bleeding or we can all die here."
Steve made up his mind.  He pulled a startled Tony into a tight hug from behind, his arms wrapping firmly around Tony's waist.
"No," Steve said miserably.  "Only since I remembered being a dragon after coming out of the ice.  It's fine when I'm not thinking about it, but how do you even balance without a tail?"
The next night Tony found himself in a dark cave.  It was cold - bitterly cold.  It surprised Tony since all the caves have been mostly warm so far.  There was a moss lamp up ahead that Tony hurried towards in hopes of warmth, surprised to see another human.  Except when he drew closer, he realized it wasn't human.  It was a monster in a human's shape.
"That wasn't all you, Rhodey," Tony said, pulling her into a hug, armor and all.
"Tony Stark," he said.  Her head was low enough that he hesitantly returned the bow and touch.  The dragon's scales were softer than he thought they would be, and Peggy gave a pleased chirp.  Then he took her front claw that was still touching his cheek and kissed the back of it, smiling up at her rakishly.  "It's a pleasure to meet you."
"I think it was thunder," Steve said, sounding unsure.  "It sounded like thunder.  It was really close too."
He stayed down this time, eyes closed and breathing hard as he heard Kang come closer, his strange boots crunching on the gravel around the warehouse.  He held himself loose, ignoring the gravel biting into his cheek and willing his body not to respond to Kang's proximity.
Pushing the shield up into Kang's chin, he followed through with a punch to his gut that sent Kang flying into the portal.  The pulsing black circle grew wider at the intrusion, and Steve found himself stumbling forward, being pulled towards it despite how his body was repulsed by it.  He had to...  pull away...
"That's what you said last time, and it was hot sake, not cold.  Are you..."
Steve narrowed his eyes in suspicion.  "Iron Man, may I have a word?"
He didn't miss the waitress's "
"That wouldn't help everyone else with the same problem," Steve said, closing his eyes.  "But thanks."
As Tony wavered, there was shouting on the other side of the door and it burst open.  He barely had time to look up before Natasha gracefully moved away and he was not so gracefully nearly pulled off the bed by a man in armor.  "What the hell did I tell you about disappearing without me?" Rhodey demanded, none of the worry that was evident in Rhodey's face in his voice.  It wasn't comfortable with the armor and the smell of gunmetal nearly overwhelmed by Rhodey's aftershave.  But he'd dreamed countless times of getting hugs from Rhodey when the man was deployed, enough to know that it never measured up to the real thing.  There was no way this wasn't the real deal, armor and all.
Tony looked at Natasha, for the first time meeting her eyes.  "He's dead."
Tony stopped working, leaning his head against the side of the machine and closing his eyes.  He looked as exhausted as Steve felt, if not more so.
"Nonsense," she said, batting her eyes as she stepped closer again.  "He only cares when I spend his money, and he's in Vienna for a week.  I could show you a wild ride."
"Yeah, but it doesn't feel like that.  It's like... I dunno.  Nat?"
Kang was on his feet.  Without the Iron Man suit, Tony was quickly overpowered.  Kang's suit was still sparking, but the man's face was pure rage as he gripped at Tony's unprotected throat.  The shield dropped to the ground with a clatter.
Kes's pillow was soaked, but she didn't care.  All she cared about was staying silent because she couldn't cry in front of the Skrulls - not that she had to worry about them right now since Susan...
Thankfully, she didn't faint.  She just looked at him with wide green eyes and nodded, though her disbelief and horror still shone through when she looked down at her hands.  Tony sighed.
"You're right about the uniform being a bit too stiff to move in," Steve said.  "Your offer about making it lighter still open?"
"Then you better get my good side and be better at drawing kissing than you are at giving an actual kiss," Natasha teased. "Seriously though, you can tell them no kissing if you want. Do what you're comfortable with. Drawing your teammates making out is kinda weirder for you than it would be for someone who doesn't know us personally."
"It wasn't on the report," Steve replied, bringing up a mental picture of it.  Coulson's name was on every report after, but the first one had been nameless.
," the girl with glowing eyes said.  "But War Machine-"
"Fine," Tony said, pushing the plate away. He hadn't even touched his food. "But if I'm talking to a wall, I can do that while getting work done at the Tower. And the walls there actually listen."
Her accent was indecipherable, but cultured.  Cultured and surprisingly sexy.  So he really
But if this were the dream, Steve would be sitting closer, smiling at Tony as he woke up.  Steve hadn't been acting normal when Tony saw him last, but he wasn't acting like he was in love either.
"You could have just said I was boring you," Tony said, standing.
"I'm too sober for this conversation," Tony said, making to stand.  "I need-"
Natasha snorted, then shook her head and batted his hands away.  "Off with you.  Go to your date with America's third sexiest man."
"Just got back from my run," Steve replied.  He frowned as Natasha and Clint traded a knowing glance.  He wasn't sulking.
Steve knew that Tony cared a lot about Rhodes, and that it was torturing him to know his tech was still being used to hurt people, but he'd never guessed how far that went.  While he hated seeing Tony like that, the depth of that caring left him a little breathless if he thought about it too hard.
"I thought giving you a suit meant you could do your own reporting," he replied.
He wanted to curl up in her lap and let her pet his hair, but there wasn't enough room and the chair was no where near that comfortable.  He was a bit glad when she leaned against his shoulder and rested her head on him, since it gave him the physical contact he craved.
Tony looked around as much as he was able.  No Rhodey or Pepper, which meant he hadn't been out that long or that the Avengers had convinced them Tony's injuries weren't that bad.  The latter was unlikely, but he didn't think anything was broken and there were usually plenty of reasons to agree with a logical Bruce when the man put his mind to it.  Speaking of Bruce, the man was slumped over Tony's bed, his glasses askew on his face.
"Doom is here because he is a man of honor, Captain," Doom said.  "But Mr. Stark has kept from me his secret, playing me for a fool while pretending to be an underling.  You would do well to remember my anger."
Steve kissed him again, because that appeared to be a good way to get some peace and quiet. Tony only grumbled a little.
"Gives it more acceptance for some people, seeing their favorite celebrities not being straight. Other people just enjoy hot guys making out," Natasha said with a shrug. "It's up to you, Steve. Just remember you can say no."
"Swell, Miss Potts," Tony replied, taking deep breaths until his heart rate slowed.  If she was going to ignore the nightmare, so would he.  "Where are we?"
Steve was never eating with Rhodey
"May I kiss you?" Steve asked, figuring being direct was probably his best course of action.
"The hydra-"
Steve didn't know much about this deal, but the media's silence on the Doombot attacks suddenly made sense.  The robot attacks made the news, but not who sent them.
"Sure?" Tony said, confusion replacing the annoyance in his tone.  "Why not?  Just give me a heads up if you're serious."
Stark looked up, a split second of confusion on his face before he returned to the brittle smile and tense shoulders from when he walked in.  "What's the matter, Captain?  Repulsed by the idea of sleeping with the staff?"
"You really do not, sir," Steve said, stubbornly raising his chin.  Pepper said that SHIELD knew about the reactor and thought that Tony's weak heart kept him from strenuous things.  If only they knew.
"I don't know," Tony whispered.
"I didn't even know her name," Susan said instead of answering.  'Shadow1' was the only identification they had for the woman who had finagled a meeting out of her holographic guardians two months ago.  There was no one to report the death back to, no family to inform or way to know if someone was looking for her, and that was Susan's fault.  She hadn't come out of her rooms for a week after, not letting either Cap or Tony in.  Regardless of if the resistance had a mole or not, she should have been better.  And when she closed her eyes, she saw not only Shadow1, but Kes and Leo being buried in the landslide as well and she...
," Steve commanded, fury balling his fists as he stared down at the infuriating man.
It was funny.  He had all of his friends together, but he still felt so alone.
"Doom is surprisingly trust worthy.  Just bring your A-game because he is a tricky bastard and he will try to take you for all you're worth.  He stopped Jane from seeing the rest of the message and didn't hurt Clint and Natasha, so don't worry about that.  Start working on your stealth armor and one for Pepper.  She'll need yours to fool Kang, but she'll want her own after.  Also, I'm throwing in the repulsor heels I designed.  She may not think so at first, but honestly, she wears those suckers more than she wears her Jimmy Choos."
It was intimate.  More intimate than Tony would have guessed, especially with Steve's feelings rolling off and surrounding Tony.  There was guilt and affection there, along with warm comfort that made Tony wonder how necessary his walls really were.  "You're so guarded," Steve said, sorrow mixing in with the emotions.
Steve felt his fingers twitch.  Tony was back-lit by the setting sun, a look of pure delight on his face.  Tony's smile was almost blinding in it's brilliance, even with the sun competing behind him.  Steve didn't think he'd ever really seen that expression on Tony's face, and he wanted nothing more than to draw it and capture a little bit of that joy for himself.  He hadn't wanted to draw a person this much since he saw Peggy in that red dress when...
"While you were off in dream land, the rest of us weren't getting much sleep," Rhodey said dryly.  "She's got board meetings early tomorrow, but she dropped by for a little while you were out of it again.  Since you're not
Tony could sort of remember that.  The last few minutes on the plane were a little fuzzy, which he attributed to the concussion.  "Something happened to JARVIS," he said, trying not to let that panic him.  He couldn't think about JARVIS right now, not when there was nothing to do to help him.  He'd fix JARVIS when they got back, but right now he had to help Steve.
Steve flushed as Tony went back to work.  He had either known all along, or he'd just taken a good guess.  Either way, shame crept along his blush, and he had a sudden urge to put another hole in Tony's wall.  "That's not why I'm here," Steve insisted, or at least tried to.
Sighing, Steve ran a hand through his hair. "It was too bulky and awkward. I've seen a lot of digital art that looks neat, but I couldn't get anything like that to work when I tried it."
"You destroyed the skull used to control the beast," Wanda said.  "It disrupted the balance."
Steve didn't say anything to that.  Wasn't much to say.  He had to fight.  Innocent people would keep dying until he won.  Someone had to take a stand, or the law would fail Timely.  Steve would fail Timely.  Instead of talking, he leaned back on Tony's shoulder, wishing he could convince Tony that he wasn't that broken.
This was definitely one of the strangest invitations to bed that Tony had ever received.  But he was exhausted and the thought of making a shelter in the dark held no appeal.  On the other hand, Steve
Tony hunched over at the way Steve said his name, but he couldn't face what Steve had done to himself.  He'd been stupid, always stupid, and now he'd turned his world into a perfect program.  Steve was right.  Tony had pushed him away and now he'd lost...
it," Stark crowed.
"-Shh, Tony.  It's okay.  It's okay.  I need you to stop moving.  You're safe. Stand down, Avenger.  You're safe.  Shh..."
It was so tempting, to stay down here and start a grand adventure again, just to get his blood pumping.  Like the good days Rhodey liked to talk about, quietly now, over the campfire while Tony stared into it like it could burn all the death away.  Even Pepper was weary, worn around the edges like the frayed paper she took notes on in the cold nights between missions.  The war was long and if there was an end in sight, Tony was too much in the dark to see it.  There was too much horror, too much death.  Too many camps where they arrived too late, with pits of bodies stacked high.  He was just...
"Pepper is also acting strangely," Natasha said, her arms crossed over her chest.  "And she's not as skilled at acting, but she's good at hiding when she wants to.  Something is wrong, and they're both covering it up."
A falling rock hit Tony on the head, and he fell forward.  The last thing he heard was her scream.
"Sorry," Steve said, biting his lip as he kept the guilt at bay.  Guilt could come after making sure Tony's finger didn't become infected.
It hit Steve what Tony had been talking about, his eyes going wide as he looked at Tony's face.  It was always so animated.  He'd been so upset during their talk in the workshop, saying it was something too important for him to lose.  He'd been willing to
"Do not think I will forget this," Doom said, his voice hard and cold as his metal suit.  "But his secret is safe for now.  I have come only to honor my agreement.  It is well that he succeeded in his task finally."
when Steve had been half-asleep.  It also felt more stinging like a rejection than Steve cared to think about.
"Natasha and Clint have been captured," Steve said as he threw another punch, his words clipped and precise.
Steve nodded.  As much as he wanted to go in there with her, he could understand her need to see him first.  It killed him a little that he didn't have that privilege.  But it wasn't like Tony had really given him an answer before...
He almost missed Gialetta.
"Well?" Tony asked after he'd finished.  He tapped his fingers against the desk, then stilled when he realized it betrayed his anxiousness.
"You take them from Pepper," Steve said, a hint of a smile in his voice.  "And sometimes from Rhodey."
"Right," Tony said, swallowing hard.  "Well, you can let go of me now."
Again, he got a disapproving look, but followed with a sense of amusement.  Good to know his charm worked on other species.  "Definitely a scoundrel.  Now, you are also wounded, so let's get you to the healers."
Steve forced a smile, knowing he was only making Iron Man feel worse and hating himself for it.  "Don't worry about me, Shellhead.  He's right.  It's a good precaution until we find out who's behind this and why they're doing it."
"I will not put my technology in the hands of one so incompetent," Doom said.
"How did Bucky get you to stop though?" Tony asked, subtly hopeful.
"Whatever you're thinking, Little Bear, I promise you it's not true," Tony said softly.  "You can do this.  Everyone falls sometimes.  You're getting back up again, and we're both proud of you for that."
"I... Okay?" Steve asked.  Iron Man had never complained about being Tony's employee before, but he supposed Tony might have done something to upset him.  Did that mean he might talk about what was going on finally?
He watched as Steve came down the stairs, expertly navigating them despite the crutches.  He waved the door open so that Steve wouldn't have to stand awkwardly while inputting his code.  He kept his face blank as Steve hobbled inside, motioning to the chair across from him, which Steve sank into gratefully.
Tony looked up at Steve sullenly.  Apparently he could deny Steve things after all.  "Why should I?"
.  But I can't..."
Option three was actually what Tony went with, because when didn't Tony find a third option?  He scrolled through the code on a special tablet he'd had Pepper bring him as he sat in a horrible monstrosity the hospital called a chair just outside of Steve's room.  Since he was hacked into the monitors, he managed to disappear the few times Steve had tried to come out.
"He's done so much for us," Steve said.  The couch was small, so he was shoulder to shoulder with both Thor and Clint, which was more comfortable than it should have been.  It was nice to be with his team.  "And we've been gossiping about him, assuming the worst.  I feel like I should at least try to meet with him and thank him for what he's done."
Steve eyed the bottle of whiskey.  It was about half full, but he had no doubt it was powerful enough to do the trick.  It was the absolute last thing Steve needed.  His stomach wouldn't thank him, but his nerves would.  He didn't drink very often, not when he was supposed to be the model of the law for a lawless crowd, but he could feel the pull of the bottle.  It'd stop the memories from rushing around in his head, even if just for a little while.  That was a dangerous sort of thought around these parts.
"You wished for a word?"
"Just think about it, okay?" Rhodey said, finally taking a bite of his own food.
"I am going to stop you from making it worse before you go out there," Tony said, cutting him off.  "If he were in that much trouble, you would have already gone to him, not break into my workshop with your damned
Bruce's lips tilted up in a rare smile.  "The man's crazy, I'll give him that.  It's nice though.  There aren't many people who have no fear of the Other Guy.  I could get used to that kind of crazy."
"I..."  Tony only just remembered taking a step back would let him fall off a cliff.  "There's a war up top," Tony said, shaking his head.  "I should be getting back to it, or I could return only to find my country destroyed.  I need to save fuel."
"I'm terrible with emotional problems," Tony said, just before Steve turned his non-physical brains to mush by pushing
"No, I'm not-" Tony was about to phase his arm out of existence to get away, but Steve was holding his source code open for Tony to look through.
, for all that they were just computer programs.
"Right.  That's tragic back story number 458.  I'll try to keep them straight, but-"
"That was before you were kidnapped," Steve said, releasing Stark's wrist.
The sun shone through the window of the airship and onto Tony's bed, but what warmth the sun's rays gave him slowly left as he turned over and closed his eyes against the prickling feeling.  A dream.  His breath hitched as he curled up around his pillow.  That was worse than the nightmares.
"Liar," Tony said, wiping away Steve's tears with thick, trembling hands.  He couldn't let the tears freeze like that after all.  "What the hell happened?" he asked before Steve could try to deny it.  "I don't..."  Something had triggered the panic attack, and it was worrying that he didn't know what it was.
Steve bowed his head, closing his eyes. "Iron Man, is this guy really from the future?" he asked.
There was no Iron Man either when they got back to the Tower in the late afternoon, but a tired Bruce waved at them as they returned to the kitchen, pushing up his glasses as he sipped at his tea.  "Any luck?" Natasha asked, turning the kettle back on.
Tony sighed and shut the hood of the Audi.  He could play with his babies later.  He pat You on the head as he walked by, refilling his coffee before sitting down at the lab computer.  "Let him in, J," he said, sipping at the hot drink.  He couldn't avoid this forever.
what they told you?" Tony asked, sneering.  "It was his
"Never asked where they get the large ones to be honest.  They're not the same as the ones on the cavern's ceiling," Tony said, thinking back to the crystals and the gravitational devices that kept them aloft.  He never did have the proper time to study them, but they gave off a pale light at night that reminded Tony of the moon reflected on a lake.  They were comforting.  "Those keep the monsters at bay?"
," Susan said, with a shocking amount of anger.  "Now try again, Kes."
"I'll keep that in-"
"I'll meet you after breakfast," Tony said, making his way down.  There was really no reasoning with the blue dragon before then.
"Most stubborn, pig-headed man he's met," Tony muttered, then walked toward the mess of wires and picked up the silver helmet.  Something about him was more closed off now, and Steve wondered if he'd said the wrong thing.  "I need to fix this.  Make it better.  You go to bed, Rogers.  I'll follow in a bit."
"That was overstepping, wasn't it?" Vision asked, sadness in his eyes.
"You just want to take me out of it," Tony said, wiggling in what Steve assumed was supposed to be a seductive manner.
"It is a noble mission," T'Challa replied.
"Then let's get this party started," Tony said, sitting down on the love seat he and Steve usually claimed.
It was Steve's turn to blush, but he put an arm around Tony's shoulders to pull him away from the armor.  "You bet I am, mister, but to sleep.  No funny stuff," Steve said sternly, which got a pout out of Tony.  "And what'd I tell you about calling me by my name?"
Natasha shrugged. "A bit creepy, yeah. But it's a harmless enough request. If it makes you uncomfortable, just say so. Or you could give the fans what they want."
fly," Steve said, grudging wonder in his tone.  "And you don't mind all that metal?  Is it magic?"
"You can't-"
Before he could slip away again, a loud crash of thunder tore through the air.  Tony's mind was running too slowly for a panic attack, but he did jump.  It took him a while to realize that someone other than Steve was talking.  "Thor?" he asked, feeling confused.
"Steve, if Iron Man is compromised, he'll want us to find the source," Natasha said.  "You know he wants the one behind those robots as much as Stark does.  It's personal for both of them.  Whatever it is that Doom has on them, the sooner we find it, the better."
Rhodey laughed, so Steve figured he couldn't be in that much trouble.  Still, he sat down gingerly at the kitchen counter.  "Guess I do sort of tailor my interventions to Tony.  He's usually the only one I have to intervene with," Rhodey said.
The workshop door opened a bit smoother than he'd been expecting since he'd been away for so long, but the workshop itself was a little dustier than he'd left it.  Tony was glad of that.  It meant his thief hadn't been looting down here and the house staff obeyed his orders to keep out.  It'd take a bit of cleaning, but he could do that later.
"I think," Steve said, swallowing again.  "I think he tried.  He said something about it not working?  The more people who knew, the more variables.  The more things that could go wrong.  Doom knew and Iron-" Steve cut off, remembering at the last second that they were the same.  Tony really had been doing this all alone.
Steve started to move slowly, only having to stop and apologize twice for stepping on Tony's feet.  After a moment Steve's natural grace kicked in and they started to move across the balcony slowly.  Steve was looking up at the stars, not at Tony, and Tony hid the disappointment deep enough that Steve wouldn't be able to find it.  It was hard to be bitter anyway when he could feel Steve's wonder and amazement.  It wasn't like Tony could really compete with the night sky.
"Tony..." Steve said, still confused.
Tony slipped under it, making himself comfortable against Steve's flank.  Steve didn't even bother to wait until they were both sleeping this time to wrap his tail around Tony's waist.
"Why?" Tony asked, knowing his voice was definitely lost, but figuring she would hear it anyway.
"Don't listen to her, Rhodey," Tony said in her ear, low and furious.  "She's got two more charges, and what she's saying is pure bullshit."
," he sent back.
JARVIS was silent for a few moments as Steve turned on his phone's camera. "Mr. Stark has said that you have access to the workshop.  I would warn you that he is not in a terribly talkative mood, however.  Unless it is important, might I suggest waiting for a better time?"
"Not bad for a first time," Peggy said, nostrils flaring.
Though if anyone were to say that to his face about Natasha, Steve was pretty sure he was also entitled to expressing his own opinion. She wouldn't thank him for it, but she'd probably understand the brawl was started to make him feel better rather than to protect her honor.
Shrugging, Steve ate the fry. "Didn't see much point. Like I said, I can still draw, and it's not like I need to do it for a paycheck."
Clint had a mock betrayed look before he shrugged at Thor.  "Heard Phil got in a huge fight about it with Nick, but no one was ever sure why.  Hell if either of them would talk to me about it."
"Yes.  Sorry," Ms. Potts apologized.  "I forgot you still haven't met Rhodey properly.  How... How is he doing?"
"Any more what?"
"He's not here," Tony said.  He hoped the pain in his head dulled the hurt in his voice.  He was abandoned again.
"I'd hate to say no to a lady," he said.  Her tail tightened briefly before letting him go, and Tony eyed her back warily.  Then with a sigh he slid the walking stick through the suit harness straps on his back and swung his bad leg over.  Once sitting, he tried to find a semi-comfortable position between two of her spikes.
"We need to talk," Rhodey said.
"We'll talk about you not telling me about joining social media later," Natasha said, then smirked. "Right now I think we need to talk about you drawing yourself and Tony kissing."
"A quarter days' walk beyond the ridge," she said, her voice soft and gentle as she spoke.  She motioned gracefully to the left at a small hill littered with trees.
Tony opened his eyes when the dizziness passed, catching sight of the burn marks on Sam's back.  He didn't think they'd been there before he'd tried to save Tony.  Guilt flared up, but Tony swallowed it back down.  They were all still fighting.  He didn't have time for it.
"Alright," Jarvis said.  He felt human hands gripping him and he wobbled and straightened out onto his legs.  An arm wrapped around his waist as Jarvis took most of his weight.  "You two get out of those tin cans.  I'll take Tony for a while."
"Kind of hard when you've got me pinned like this, but that was the general idea.  I've got to go to the bathroom," Tony replied mildly.
He was surprised to hear a familiar voice in the hallway, but grateful for the mechanized timbre.  "-let anyone know.  It sucks, but we can't raise the alarm.  Which is why I need you there for the extra protection."
Tony flushed with shame.  Steve had been listening to all of that and knew his faults.  Steve had bonded with the human who would destroy his home.  Tony would fail again and-
Susan turned her free hand away, letting Kor'la'vin go.  A horrible,
"Yes," Natasha said.  "He tried very hard to keep a public persona on at all times around me.  He never dropped it the whole time I knew him so I don't know what's underneath it, which took a lot of coaching."
There was a chair next to Stark that Steve took, sighing inwardly.  "A little less worried about you being in danger now," Steve replied, then looked at the man on the bed.   He had to be important for Tony to come all the way out here.
"Yeah," Susan said, looking over at the gunmetal grey armor that was piloted by Kes, who gave her a cheeky salute.  They both had the helmets off, though that could change within seconds should a fight start.  "It's just last time..."
He wasn't in a hurry to repeat that sort of merciless teasing.
"You only fight for yourself!  For Stark and your pay check!" Steve yelled, advancing on the faceless armor.  Before, it had unnerved him, but now it just made him want to punch it and see if he could leave a dent.  "I know men worth ten times as much as you."
Rhodey looked at Steve, questions in his eyes, then back to Doom when Steve couldn't quite get over his self-recrimination enough to answer.  "What's this message you're going on about?"
Steve ignored him, continuing to punch the bag in front of him with a vengeance.  It wasn't what he wanted to be pounding.  In fact, it wasn't even a fair substitute.  But it was all he had and it would have to do.
Steve was past noticing that, however, licking his lips at the thought of taking Tony out of the armor.  To say that was a long time fantasy of his was definitely an understatement.
observing their torture was talking on screen.  He didn't have a plan, not for that.  He couldn't...
to get us out.  Time when I'm so useless that-"
She didn't get back up, the cannon powering down in her hands.
"Tony, there's no one here but you," Rhodey said gently.  He hardly ever used Tony's given name even when they were alone.  The fact that he used it now gave Tony pause, enough that it took him a moment to parse the words after it.
bad, I promised to hang around for her."
," Steve said, looking down at the tablet like he wanted a mindless game to distract himself with as well.  "Just... give me some time to adjust to that.  We can find a compromise that makes us both comfortable later.  Let me handle the first date, then you can plan the second one."
Would it come if he called it?  No bracelets, but he didn't need those any more, did he?  His head was too jumbled to think clearly.  He tried calling the suit anyway.
"It doesn't have to be the hard things," Steve said.  "You can talk about yesterday, or how annoying Tony is."
"You're... how are you here?" Kestrel asked, stilling.
"Easy, kiddo," Tony said, his voice soft and reassuring in her ear.  It was more intimate hearing his voice in the suit rather than seeing him at the base.  There was no muffled or tinny quality to the voice, just Tony right there in her ear.  It never bothered her with JARVIS, but it was a little weird with Tony who she saw with a corporeal body every day.
"That doesn't mean you have to be unhappy all the time," Steve said, his mental voice gentle.
sorry," Steve said, taking a deep breath.  "It's not your...  I should be better at this."
The former came from Clint, the latter from Iron Man.  "Is there something else?" Steve said, worry spiking again.
Tony looked at him, not taking his arm.  "You know what people will say, right?"
"It has been a while.  Are you sure you can keep up, Tony?"
"You sure?  You had problems getting down-"
"Shh...  We'll be back at the air ship soon," Rhodey said as they stepped out of the cave.  It was night, Tony realized with a start that felt like a dagger right through his heart pump.  The sky was clear and the stars were-
"Can't wait," Iron Man replied as Steve took off to get his uniform.
One day, he was going to get an answer that wasn't cryptic.
Tony went still, then swallowed.  "Put her through," he said, pulling out his phone and plugging the headphone into his ear.  Steve watched his knuckles turn white around the frame, and he stood to move to Tony's side of the table, keeping a hand on his shoulder to ground him.
"Well," Tony said to himself as he gingerly sat up.  He ignored the aches of his body and the soul deep exhaustion, shaking his head to clear it.   "What Jarvis doesn't know, he can't be angry about."
Taking out three more, Steve began feeling a sense of growing unease.  If these robots were from a different time, then whatever information was in the warehouse couldn't be what they were after.  Fury
?" Tony snapped.
.  I'm sorry."
There was a barely noticeable tremble to his fingers as they glided across the screen and a indefinable note to his tone that alarmed Steve.  Had something happened?  "You're not fine," Steve said as Tony sat up.
"He's done a lot for the Avengers," Steve said carefully, sensing his response would be important.  "Not just by letting us have Iron Man for the team, but by letting us stay in the Tower and upgrading our equipment.  From what I understand, he also pays for a lot of the damages in our fights.  I'd like to thank him for his support and get to know the man funding our team."
Tony smiled at the words, vicious and bitter, turning to Steve with anger that was barely hidden.  "Tons.  Billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.  What's not to love?"
Iron Man turned to the nurse with a surprising amount of tact.  "If you'll excuse me, this will only take a moment.  Would you mind waiting?"
Sure, Tony was charming when he wasn't actively trying to piss you off.  Steve
"You're doing nothing wrong," Steve said, his voice gentle.  "The city is destroyed, but its people are safe.  There
"It'll do," Fury said eventually.  Steve let out a short breath of relief. He was getting away with it.  "Sounds like Potts got to you first.  I've seen her fingers on cover stories before.  But keep that on paper, Rogers.  You can't lie for shit."
"Do you want me to let go?"
She grunted in pain and rolled, but before she could fire at him again, the room brightened.  There was a slow clapping.
Steve pulled away and Tony felt flushed at the smile Steve gave him.  "Come on," Steve said, his eyes holding both a mischievous promise and passion.  "Let's get some dinner."
"We can only move forward," Rhodey said.  He reached over and took Tony's hand, eyes growing wet.  Steve bit down his envy.  There was no reason he couldn't have taken Tony's hand earlier, other than his own guilt stopping him.  "We can only hope that things will move forward again for him too."
This was going to go very, very wrong, probably very quickly, but he had to try.  "What happened?"
"Hey," Iron Man said, his voice much closer.  Steve didn't start as he felt the gauntlet on his face, but it was a near thing.  "You with me?"
"You're always the funny one, aren't you, Iron Man?  Everything's a joke to you," Steve said, gritting his teeth.  "But you're no hero.  You wouldn't lay on the wire if it came down to it."
.  She forced down the hollow feeling only to swallow down bile.  Heroes shouldn't want revenge.  Everyone knew that.  All the stories about the original Avengers, they were all supposed to be good people, and good people didn't want revenge!  Heroes protected people!
"I'll do my best to try, but I may have the advantage if he's out of practice," Tony said, wondering at how his name sounded so flat when the dragons said it.  He'd long since taken to translating the dragon names in his head, but now his name felt empty and hollow compared to theirs.
Steve was quiet for a moment.  He looked over at the remains of the suit, tracing the dents and broken wires.  "He made his choice," Steve said finally, falling back on the only comfort he knew.  The one Peggy had given him.
Tony sighed, manipulating the headlines until the Skrull had a Hitler mustache.  Not that anyone in this time remembered Hitler as anything more than a piece of history and a might-have-been.  Humanity had come far among the stars, but they still fought against many of the same things.
"What was it?"  Steve asked, half-dreading the answer.
Oddly enough, Iron Man looked at the picture of Howard again.  "Not in the way you're thinking, but you could say that."
"You've gotten beaten up because someone said the wrong thing about her, haven't you?" Tony said, a smile teasing at his lips even as he tried to hide his amusement.
He nodded, accepting the terms.  "Then what say you to some breakfast and then heading out to get started?"
"Tony-"
"You make a good romantic heroine," Jan said,  giggling at his antics.  "His love is one-sided, of course, because even evil, my heart is only for Hank, but I can feel sorry enough for him to use his romantic feelings for me for Evil."
"Over here."
Tony was pathetically grateful Steve didn't finish that sentence.  As it was, he still felt his heart rate spike, which was ridiculous because he wasn't under the building any more.  Not that knowing how stupid it was stopped any of his other panic attacks, but he wasn't going to give in that easily.  "Is that all you wanted to say?" Tony forced out.
"You what?"
The Red Skull grinned, lip-less mouth baring his teeth in a nightmare.  "I did not realize the armor came at your call, Mr. Stark," the Skull said, ignoring Steve.  Because Steve didn't exist.  "It is a mistake I will not make again."
"You want a date?"
The kids were going to make it.  The future was bleak, but they could handle it.  Steve and Tony would be there for them when they needed it.  It was going to be alright.
"You'd make Natasha proud with that mouth," Tony said, giving her the impression he approved.  Her mother wouldn't have, but she wasn't here right now.  She wasn't here because of Kor'la'vin.
"Good.  Great.  I'm just going to uh...  touch your head?"
Sometimes Steve thought back to when his life was simple.  It at least held a lot less heartbreak.
"My choice," Steve said, and Tony looked away.  That was okay though.  It was enough to win this battle.
," Steve said.  He sounded equally upset but intent on reassuring Tony.  "
Steve wanted to say he was fine, that he'd seen worse and this shouldn't be affecting him so much, but this was the sort of thing that would keep him up at night.  Stringing up villains to make a point?  That wasn't the sort of thing good men do.  Turk had never been a good man.  But that didn't mean he deserved what Steve had done.  He'd made a promise after the war to avoid killing when he could, and for the most part he stuck with that promise.  But now he'd not only killed, but desecrated the bodies after death.
"Mr. Stark is currently down in the workshop."
"Conquering this world would be a boon to it!" Kang replied.  "I will speed up the rate at which technology is produced so that when the war comes, Earth will be ready for it!"
Tony went still for a second, then tried to press forward, but Steve only licked lazily into Tony's mouth, mapping it with a thoroughness that could only be achieved through a slow and steady approach.  It took a moment, but Tony finally whined softly, stopping his fight to push it harder and faster.
That was the last thing he needed.  "I'll pass, thanks," he said.  He wasn't sure what he wanted, but having his hand forced was not it.
Tony had made note of a small cave to the east of the gate when Steve flew him here in the morning.  It was, as Steve said, a short flight.  But if he went in the suit, he might be seen.  After a few minutes of internal debate, Tony went back inside the gate and took the armor off.  It would take longer walking, but hopefully having the suit inside the gate would keep Steve from worrying too quickly.  The trees on this side of the jungle weren't as thick, but they would still provide enough cover as long as he kept an eye to the sky.
Iron Man's other gauntlet rested on Steve's knee, squeezing it lightly as if to ground him.  It worked well, and it drew Steve out of the dark thoughts the nightmare left him with.
"Sh-should know better," Tony said.
"That device can only transport so many times," Tony said.  "Should just be a few-"
"All these things you've created," Steve said finally as Tony shifted again.  "You're incredible."
"Thought you weren't that kind of doctor, Jade Jaws," Iron Man said.  Steve tried hard not to imagine the easy going smile he could hear in Iron Man's voice.
"It's not my fault that you got your lame-ass handed to you by wannabe Doombots," Tony said, huffing slightly even as he melted against Rhodey's side.
After that, Tony just wanted to let Steve curl around him and never leave again.  He shook his head, petting Steve's neck.  "It was intense," Tony said.
The fight was vicious.  The devil man had a gun and deadly accuracy that was only foiled by the dragons' agility in the air.  But there wasn't enough room to maneuver, and it was too cold for dragon fire.  Without their best weapon they had to chase a small target with a deadly gun, and both of the dragons were bleeding heavily.  Steve had a hole in his wing that made every movement agony.  The devil man aimed for Steve, but before Tony could yell the silver dragon barreled into the devil man.  The gun went off and he could hear the dragon scream as they tumbled precariously close to the edge of the abyss.
"I saw," Steve said, looking away.  "What I could see in your mind was..."
Steve closed his eyes, breathing out in relief.  He buried his head against Tony's chest, wrapping his arms around him tightly.  It was a little uncomfortable with the pressure on the heart pump, but Tony didn't dare move and break the moment.  "You remember," Steve said, holding him tigher.
He got the impression the red dragon was laughing at him.  Though there was no sound, he could hear a musical chime that belonged to the dragon's mental voice.  "We do not have names as you know them.  We call each other by the reflections of our souls.  Is it difficult for you, human, not to have names?"
"But if Jan becomes a villain, then they'll have to cover it.  Plus, if we spin the story right, she'll be sympathetic and in the spotlight," Tony said, then let out a small distressed noise as he pricked himself with a needle.  He stared at the small drop of blood on his finger before putting it in his mouth.
He found the picture he was looking for and stared at the blue eyes behind the cowl.  They were smaller and more human-looking, but those were Steve's eyes.  He'd recognize that blue anywhere.
He ended up not being able to ask that night as there was a call about some missing Chitauri weapons that the team had to take care of. A simple mission, at least. Only Rhodey was hurt, but his sprained ankle actually came from before the mission when he'd been sparring with Natasha, rather than the mission itself.
"You're good for him," Sam said, startling Tony out of his thoughts.
It was still the safest thing he had.
"Mr. Stark has declined to open the door," JARVIS said as Steve started to wrap his hands.
"I won't destroy the world!" Steve said, stopping his attack as fear crept over him.  He would never.
Steve punched the bag hard enough that it went flying, spilling over the floor.
Rhodey touched his shoulder and this time Tony did jump.  He'd gotten so used to the dragons being in his personal space, but apart from his first day back,no one really touched him.  "Your fuse is running short," Rhodey said.
"All the time, Cap," FRIDAY said. "It's very popular, but I can put on a clean search if you want. There's a lot of apps for that too as long as it's tagged."
"Who are we gossiping about?" Iron Man asked, peering over Natasha's shoulder.
He heard Stark moving around the table, then quiet.  Steve thankfully didn't have to wait long for judgement.  "You
"Yeah," Steve said, wondering what Tony was up to.  As much as he loved the genius, there were still a lot of times Steve couldn't keep up with his spit-fire thoughts.  "We were hoping you or Iron Man could spare a bit of time to join us for a movie."
"You said..." Susan hesitated.  "You said you'd killed people before."
"Your face is red again."
* * *
it works."
"He doesn't need to," Tony snapped, then sighed.  The issue had been starting to grate on his nerves, but she didn't deserve the lashing for it.  "Sorry.  That was unfair of me."
* * *
"You..."  Tony raised his eyebrow, realizing what Steve meant.  He wasn't big enough to wrap around Tony anymore.  He laughed softly at the frown on Steve's face as the other man continued to grumble.  He leaned in, touching their foreheads together as Steve's breath caught.  He
"I think we can find you some more fuel," Steve said, looking at the engine as he sniffed at it again.  "And the war on top sounds important, but even during the dragon wars, there was always dancing.  Sometimes more, in times of hardship."
"You have to say
"I'm afraid I'm not at liberty to say, Captain."
His tablet pinged, and he opened the files FRIDAY sent. "These... They're not my art," he said, looking at the various drawings of the Avengers.
"The answer is still-"
"You with me?" Steve said after a few more minutes, his voice soft in the darkness.
The brown dragon looked at him, and Tony had the impression the dragon was amused.  Amused and listening to Tony's thoughts, which would probably explain how they spoke without talking.  Small wonder the red one had known about Fing Fang Foom.  It unnerved him, to know they could hear what he thought, and he took a step back, only belatedly remembering his bad foot.  He winced, then tried to cover it.
," Steve sputtered, dropping the Band-aid.
A blond head peeked over the edge of the couch, which Tony realized was pushed out a bit.  The man's eyes widened as he vaulted over the top.  He started towards Tony, but halted when Tony raised the gun.  "Tony, it's me, Steve."
Steve fell quiet for the moment.  Tony still hadn't looked up at him or relaxed.  His movements with the knife were jerky, but Steve couldn't tell if that was the tension or lack of practice.  "It wasn't your fault," Steve said, his voice soft and carefully neutral, because dealing with Tony without making things worse was also still a work in progress for Steve.
"What I was going to say in that cave is true," Steve said, his face determined.
"So this whole room just shows you history?" Tony asked, pushing those thoughts away.  He'd sort it out later.
"Tony?" Steve asked.
It was a deflection, but Steve allowed it since Iron Man hadn't called him on his lie.  "Needed to work off some excess energy," he said.  But that wasn't adequate enough, not after the dream.  Not with how he could still hear the groan of metal in his dream.  "I..."
"I wasn't..." Kestrel said.  "You are - is everything alright?  There's no holes?"
"I don't believe in souls or magic," Tony said, remembering at the last second to keep his voice down.
"Stark's still not talking," Clint said, resetting the weight values on the machine as Steve grabbed a towel.
Tony choked on the words.  He closed his eyes, willing the tears to go away because he was nothing but a computer code and computer codes didn't cry.  "I've never been perfect.  But that's who I am.  If you're going to be perfect, I can't compete with that.  I never could, so just keep the ring.  I never deserved the man who gave it to me back when he still made mistakes."
"Then who would I have to serenade if they got the drop on you?" Stark's hand was in his hair again, ruffling it fondly.  "Though if Banner's right about that there death wish of yours, I got plenty of means that don't require such ghastly sights."
"Not to those fancy places," Steve said, but then he shook his head.  "Sorry, that was...  I saw in the dream that you..."
"I thought you were supposed to be some kind of genius or something in those stories of yours," Sam said, lightly shoving Tony's shoulder with his wing.  "Of course we do."
Steve lay his head down, tail curling around Tony's feet.  Tony kept putting pressure on the wound, staring at Viper as he waited for her to decide.  He should be angry with her.  He should be furious, because Peggy wouldn't be...  He should be.  Instead, he was just tired.  He could feel his own weariness and Steve's on top of that, and the grief only made the ache worse.
"The President of the Interstellar Alliance is officially a Skrull."
* * *
"He 'enjoys supporting the endeavors of independent artists trying to make a living outside the constraints of traditional business models'," Carol whispered back in what sounded like an imitation of Steve's own voice.
He heard Rhodey take a sharp breath, and Steve swallowed hard.  Tony looked
He frowned at one of the tags, googling 'OTP: Stony'.
Rhodey leaned back, his arms crossed over his chest thoughtfully.  "Honestly, I don't believe half the things that come out of your mouth sometimes.  I've heard you tell stories where I'd been there, remember?"
was the man Shellhead was loyal to?
Susan squeezed his hand, trying to give what little comfort she could.  "You're good at a lot of things, not just being Captain America," she said.  "You're good at photography and writing.  You're good at listening and making me smile even when I've been crying.  You make plans and Kes has never beaten you at chess and I..."
It was a while before he got the chance to check in on Tony again.  The worry grew, but Tony was out on conferences and half-way across the country before Steve could seek him out.  It was frustrating, and Bruce and Jane were almost worrying more than Steve, but it wasn't like they could ask Tony to quit his job, not when they didn't know how big the threat level was.
Tony didn't lower the gun.  The man was well dressed, but definitely second hand clothes if the worn look was anything to go by.  It was the lack of uniform that threw Tony off.  Now that he had a better look, it was definitely the man from the photographs.  "You're supposed to be dead," Tony said, not letting his guard down.  What if this was a delusion?
Kestrel scowled but continued arranging the innards of the device.  Steve couldn't help the small chuckle as he shook his head.  "She's definitely a Stark," he muttered.
"You think a man who resisted telling me who Iron Man is can be cracked that easily?"
Everything he'd done in his life had been for selfish reasons.  There was nothing Tony could do to fix that, no matter how he fought in the War.  Every day more people were dying.  Innocent people and children.  Boys barely old enough to go to war, and genocide for thousands of people if they didn't fight in this.  Tony was one man, but he couldn't stop the War.  He couldn't go when the government was asking for scientists, insisting he could do more good than just sitting on his hands all day to build weapons.  He wouldn't even give them the suits.  What if that was a mistake?  What if he could have ended the War by now?
"That was-" Tony said, starting to reach for the wall to brace himself before he remembered and pulled back.  If that was what he felt through Wanda, he didn't dare touch the wall itself regardless of how the vision might not work for him alone.  He rubbed his eyes, then his hand fell to cover the heart pump.  "What was that?"
"What good would that do?" Tony asked, though he let her take the file and fix the blankets.  He felt sick looking at the file now, and he wanted to keep down what little he'd eaten.
"Hm," Tony said again, giving a quiet sigh that sent shivers down Steve's spine.  "Captain Americat and Iron Mouse in post-coital cuddles."
Steve was hard put not to show his relief at this.  "Thank you, Mr. Hogan."
"-change if this is so important, why didn't you tell me earlier?"
"You thought I was dead," Steve said.
When he wasn't going to throw up at a sudden movement any longer, Steve got out of bed and threw on a shirt and sweatpants, heading to the door.  After a dream like that the last place he wanted to be was in the gym going a round with a punching bag.  Even the thought of it made him sick again.  He could go for a run though.  It was 2 am, but it wasn't like he would be put off by the fear of muggers.  Hopefully by the time he did run into trouble if he found any, his mind would be calmer.  Hopefully by then he wouldn't miss the phantom arm around his shoulder or the soft promises that Steve was still the little punk from Brooklyn who stood up to bullies.
"What kind of sacrifice?" Tony asked skeptically, thinking back to the Greeks and other ancient religions.  He didn't think the dragons were the sort to sacrifice cows or goats.
His hand felt naked without it, even though Tony knew it was just a piece of code rather than the real thing.  He never took it off, not even when he'd still been alive and in the suit.  Before he could second guess himself, he threw the ring at Steve, ignoring how the man flinched as he caught it.  "Let me know when my husband is back," he said, turning to go find Kestrel and find out for himself what was going on.
That startled a laugh out of him and he was able to set the photo down, though not out of sight.  With a trembling hand, he picked up the next article: "America's Fallen Son."  Tony wanted to laugh.  Whatever was actually going wrong with the universe, Steve was still dead.  He couldn't win.  He felt numb again, only feeling the prevailing ache that left a gaping hole where Steve should be.
"Like I said, no blame," Tony said.  "I'll let bygones be bygones.  Sorry for shooting you."  He looked at the still-covered wound and felt vaguely guilty, despite the fact it had been self-defense.
"Tony," Steve said, moving forward and looking very self-conscious while he did.  Just as Steve got within a few steps, however, he misstepped and fell forward, taking Tony with him.
"You gave up," Tony said flatly.
Tony paused, staring at Steve's lips like he was riveted.  "That look better damn well be a promise, Rogers," he practically growled.
"Unfortunately, make a society fearful enough and they'll elect a monster," Captain America agreed with a sigh.  "I just wish people would learn."
"It's not that amusing," Steve said.
"I said I was fine," Stark said, but his words lacked any bite.
"That so?" Steve asked.
"There's so many things I could learn if I could apply this to-" Tony cut his curiosity short.  As much as he would love to understand, there was a war going on.  A war that threatened the very existence of this place.  The gravitational effect might be useful, but the rest...
"And Romani," Steve replied.
"It tried," Iron Man said.  "I could feel it tugging, and I don't have the best temper to begin with.  But the rest of you guys?  Not so much.  Even Banner's fuse isn't that short.  It was enough to shake the pull, knowing something was wrong."
"...Steve?" No reply.  No feeling.  Nothing for Tony to grasp at as Steve slipped through his fingers.  "Steve, come back."
to approve of Captain America, granted, but Rhodey had a point about Tony's previous affairs and terrible judgement of character.
"To protect something I can't lose."  Tony looked straight at Steve as he spoke in a way that unnerved him.  His eyes were full of fear and guilt.  They were also wet, Steve was surprised to find.
"While you're around.  In fact, I'll skip town for a-"
Tony immediately started on rebuilding the mental walls.  They weren't what they had been, but they would at least be better than nothing and even building those made him tired.  It wasn't until he felt the shield on his mind lessening that he realized Steve had been shielding him in more ways than one.  "Now will you let go?  My arm hurts."
"I don't like the look of this place," Steve said, looking around at the metal walls.  "It feels like dark powers rest here."
"We're still in hiding, sir," JARVIS said, and Tony felt a smile stretch painfully at the sound of his voice.  "And there's still a Skrull as the President of the Interstellar Alliance, but people are more lenient to our cause. And might I say, welcome back, sir."
"The War will end."  Tony squeezed Steve's tail lightly in reassurance.  "It has to end some time."
Steve flushed as Thor pat his back knowingly.  "Am I that obvious?"
"I..." Steve said, remembering the reason he'd sought Tony out in the first place - an empty room with crumpled papers littering the floor as a testament to his drawing skills.  He had been appalled at the waste, but even more frustrated with his inability to draw even simple things, so Tony wasn't the only one having a bad day.  There was a punching bag one floor down he could abuse, but Sam kept suggesting to try new things, and with Bucky still missing he just...
The move back to the Tower went smoothly.  Tony was moved to the penthouse which Pepper granted everyone access to, even if it was really only her and Steve at the moment.
The glass still had the cracked spider's web that he'd put there, along with several small pieces of glass littering the floor and the hole he'd created.  Steve flushed as the guilt crept up.  He hadn't exactly been thinking clearly after he'd heard Tony was going to kill himself.  Then he flushed for an entirely different reason as he remembered the kisses they'd shared.
Gold, blue, green.  A gust of wind on the cloudless day and a nightfall of music and words.  History and stories, the sweetness of honey with a hint of ginger - set the crystal on the dais.  It was the last component of the building he and - White and gold.  A field of grain on an open plain.  Herbs and sacred knowledge.  A bonfire under the pale moon - had made together.  It wasn't the same as living on the surface, but they'd make do underground.  It was warm down here, perfect for raising a family.
"Those feel nice," Steve said, starting to tug his head away.
There was a soft sigh, and Steve spared a glance at Fury.  The man looked as tired as Steve felt, but he wasn't looking at Steve.  He was looking at Tony.  Fury briefly touched Tony's shoulder, and Steve wondered how much he'd misjudged Fury too.  He'd apparently been trying to protect Tony as much as Steve had.
"Baseball's always been a dirty sport," Steve said, and this close Tony could see the way his eyes danced when he laughed.  "Though I wouldn't mind first or second base if a home run is off the books for now.  Gotta warm up, if I'm gonna start pitching or ca-"
Tony looked away.  He heard Jarvis's sigh as he retreated, then closed his eyes.  Alone at last.
"You knew that," Natasha pointed out.
"JARVIS?" he asked, unsure if the AI was still working to regain control of the Tower.
Steve leaned over and grabbed Tony's chin in his good hand.  Tony jerked in surprise, but didn't move away.  "What are you-" Tony started to say, but Steve had heard enough.  He leaned in to stop those lips from moving.
That made sense.  "You could have called us for back up.  We'd have been willing to track down whoever did this."
Pain.  Deep, searing pain.  Tony gasped and blinked away tears, pushing it down as he fired.  He missed.  He couldn't miss.  He could change the vision.  He had to destroy the skull now.  It was retreating, so Tony repressed down the link and Steve's pain to take a last, clear shot.
Which probably meant more sleep.  Sleep meant dreaming, and seeing Steve again.  Steve was dead.  But he nodded again, watching as Clint shared a look with Thor before leaving.
The warm metal of the armor dug into Steve's back and the bushes pricked at him.  The hot dog had a fifty/fifty chance of being decent or not, but he barely tasted it.  Maybe Iron Man didn't love him, but Steve could have this.  He closed his eyes, telling the part of him that was screaming that it wasn't enough to shut up.
Iron Man's scream cut off his thoughts, but he refused to look, knowing he could do nothing for Iron Man right now.  Pushing himself up with his shield, Steve made a dash for the chair.  He just hoped it wasn't too late.
Tony was used to being left behind if he were honest with himself.  Maybe that was why it hurt so much when even Steve left. It was really hard to stay angry in the face of all of Steve's emotions though.  He could still feel the grief and the anger, and he tried not to think about what that meant.  "I'm..."
The drawing probably wasn't one of his better ones.  It was Iron Man with a spotlight on him, waving at the crowd, his body language what Steve generally associated with Iron Man being happy.  He had the feeling that part of the drawing wasn't what Tony was staring at though, but Iron Man's shadow.  Tony Stark, dark and shaded, looked up from the ground at Iron Man in the spotlight, the same dull expression on his face that Steve had seen when he had refused to trust Tony.
Okay.  Steve refused to think of what sort of 'family' matter Iron Man didn't want to talk about.  "Anything I can do to help?" he asked, mentally preparing himself for the answer.
"About what?" Tony asked, wincing at how gravelly his voice sounded, but at least the medicine the nurse had given him was starting to kick in, because it didn't hurt as much.
"Iron Man isn't the one who profited off of weapon sales his whole life," Tony explained.  "Iron Man isn't some billionaire brat who has every mistake he's ever made plastered in the tabloids ranging from his drug habits to who he slept with instead of making more money for his company.  He's not real, Rogers."
"You've saved me from this monstrosity, so I think I can get you out of the dog house on this one, Captain," Stark said finally, pulling out his phone and tapping on it in quick, precise movements that Steve thought only young people could master.  "Ms. Castillo owes me a favor and Pepper will accept anything she comes up with.  She's a better liar than you too."
Tony whined, not that he particularly wanted to admit he'd made such a sound.  The only reason he didn't turn away when Pepper gave him an ice chip was because his throat hurt and Pepper was glaring at him.  It was unpleasantly cold, and he refused the second one with a pleading glance.
Steve ignored them, his grip on the armor tightening until it crushed the metal.  He could hear Iron Man yelp in pain, metal cutting into the skin underneath.  He felt a sick satisfaction in the sound, throwing a punch to see if he could break Iron Man's nose through the face plate and-
"You said you need to find out where the dragons get the larger crystals.  You cannot do that if you are looking after me."
"Power 95% and holding.  Your additions to the shields were awesome," Tony said gleefully.  "They can't even - whoa!"
By the time he stabilized, two more heads were already in its place.  "God damn it," he said, dodging a head that tried to snap off his leg.
It felt more real.
" Steve continued, a forced reasonableness in his voice that barely hid the worry.  "
"That's because you'd buy the whole thing out for a private showing," Steve replied.  Tony looked up to find an easy smile on Steve's face, the kind that he gave to Natasha or Sam.  Even though he and Tony were friends now, Tony still very rarely saw it directed at him.
"She's got a point there, sir," Rhodey said, and Tony could hear the traitor grinning.  "Also, that's five for me.  You're falling behind, Mr. Stark."
what you wanted," Tony said, turning away.  "You married a screw-up who only compounds his mistakes rather than make up for them.  But I'm keeping my flaws.  Giving them up the easy way is just so fucked up and-"
hear again, no matter how much he wanted to.
"But they were there!" Tony insisted, panicking.  His hands tightened around the sheets.  "They had - not magic.  Some kind of energy transference that could heal and Hydra was there too, trying to wake up a real hydra.  Viper - Madame Hydra - she's-"
He sighed and pushed off the door.  Maybe a trip to the gym would help clear -
"I won't go far," Tony snapped, losing patience despite the fact he knew something was off with Steve.  "You won't even know to miss me.  I'll be back before you can sing that Disney song about the cold.  I promise, Snow Queen.  We need a fire."
Natasha hummed as she added tea leaves to the water and passed a second cup to a grateful Bruce.  "You wouldn't be the only one.  Clint and I knew Coulson pretty well, but how he handled Stark has always been strange."
"You'll get home, Cap," Tony said, fighting to keep his eyes from falling shut as he breathed against Steve's neck.
Two minutes later, the sound stopped.  Tony looked down again, not seeing the gargoyle army.  There were a few flapping about, but they didn't come closer.  Tony landed on a near by ledge, giving a passing glance at the stairs that branched out from either side.  "I've got a bad feeling about this," Tony said.
He felt a mental shrug from the bastard who was looking more and more pathetic.  Tony started to really worry before he realized Steve was playing it up.  "I hope you know what you're doing," Tony muttered before turning back to Viper.  "Well?"
Susan bit her lip.  "Leo..."
"I tried," Tony said, looking away.  "I came back from Afghanistan and I
"Let me take these down to Mr. Stark first and I'll meet you in the conference room, sir," Steve said.
"I mean, that came out wrong."  Iron Man's gauntlet rubbed at the face plate just where his temple would be.  "Why were you trying to meet with him before Rho - before?"
Tony nodded, even though it wasn't a video call.  "Yup.  I'll let her know.  Thanks for calling, little bear.  Talk to you soon."
He failed again.  He always failed.  He hadn't even told Steve how much he loved him, even when the dragon shared those emotions readily himself.
Steve thought back to what he's seen in this century, but it didn't ring a bell.  "Don't think so."
Steve nearly choked on his beer, glaring at Thor.  The Asgardian grinned in return and Steve sighed.  "I have a problem falling for people who are out of my league," Steve said, ignoring the fleeting memory of the Commandos teasing him in a similar manner about Peggy.  Surprisingly enough, the memory didn't hurt as much as it usually did.
"Tony," Jarvis said, his voice bringing Tony up short.  "I can't say I like the thought of you stepping out with another man, but you've always..."
That just confused Tony more.  "But you never met Steve.  I met him down there."
" as they walked out, however, though he was pretty sure she had waited until they were out of earshot.
fancy.  "What are you making?" Steve asked, not seeing any pans to put the chicken in.
"I'm afraid that information is not available to you right now."
So why did she feel so terrible about it?
"Noble words," Thor said, nodding in agreement.  "They do you great service."
It was different than on the military base where Tony had presumably gotten special exemption with his connections and the blessings of Rhodes's family.  Here, Steve couldn't wave around his rank when they couldn't even tell him if Tony had started breathing again.  Tony was a high profile case, they told him.  No information.  It had been hours since they took Tony away from him and not a single word since then.
* * *
Steve smiled innocently.  "Not since the serum," he said.  "That would be bad press.  Besides, now
Steve closed his hand into a fist, fighting down the still-burning anger.  "I can't trust him any more.  Because of him, Clint and Natasha are captured and there's no way for us to get them back."
"On it," Sam said, pushing Steve away with a friendly shove.
* * *
"Rhodey, she's charging the cannon-"
Dr. Foster used that opportunity to stand on her toes and throw her arms around Tony's neck.   "Don't scare us like that again," she said, hugging him tightly.
"Did you?  Not save everyone?"
The glow stopped as Steve waited.  It was everything Tony had ever wanted.  He'd still have the heart pump, but his heart would work properly.  No more worries about it giving out or the pump malfunctioning.  He had searched for years to find a cure and even the orichalcum would work for maybe ten years, but probably only five the way he pushed it.  He didn't have to charge it anymore, but that didn't mean it wouldn't one day stop.  What Steve offered was almost a normal life.
Still, the twins seemed to be settling in, and they had gotten more leads on the Skrulls' movements.  Steve was debating if they had enough to take this to the resistance or if they still needed more when Tony appeared beside him.
Definitely Tony.  Tony had been there at the start of the gala to kick things off, but Steve realized he hadn't seen the other man in a while.  He stood, walking towards the sound of Tony's voice and peering around the corner.  Who was Tony talking to?
"Shh," Steve said, hugging Tony tighter.  Tony was tensing up again, and Steve resumed petting Tony's hair.  It was softer than he expected, and despite the slight dampness because of sweat, Steve enjoyed the motion and found it soothing for himself as well.  He wondered how Tony would take to having his hair ruffled.  "It's not your fault."
Tony didn't have to be told twice.  Steve was the one holding his head, his tail curling possessively around Tony's feet.  After actually drinking some of the water, Tony tried to sit up.  His vision started to tunnel grey when he did and he leaned back against Steve.  "The hydra-"
Steve was still holding his hand, Tony realized.  And now Steve was raising it to his lips, pressing a single kiss to Tony's knuckles.  "Good," he said simply.
Wanda walked up to another section of the wall, her claw running down in a straight line.  Tony hesitated, but put his hand back on her flank.
Steve listened to the science talk without really taking in the words.  He knew it was important, but it would go over his head without a lot of reading.  Instead he looked over to the unusually quiet Thor who was frowning lightly down at the phone Stark insisted they all have when they moved in.
.  He was everything Tony wished he could be and more.  He was grumpy in the mornings and curious about the upper world, wanting to learn about it as much as Tony did about the dragons.  He was gentle with the young dragons and he had a dry sense of humor that Tony appreciated more than he'd care to admit.  He was so stubborn that Tony wanted to strangle him sometimes, but a flair of his nostrils and the warmth of his tail made Tony give in.  It was hard not to fall a little bit in love with Steve, no matter how much Tony knew it would only lead to heart break.
She narrowed her eyes, but nodded.  "Play nice, Mr. Stark.  I'll be in my office if you need anything."
Steve let out a puff of smoke and slowly uncurled himself from around Tony.  In the moss's version of daylight it wasn't as cold up here, but Tony found himself missing the dragon's bulk regardless.
Steve wasn't happy with being sidelined, but Tony could feel how tired he was.  Tony himself felt exhausted, dragon healing taking a toll on his body.
"Let's go to the Met."
"Yup.  You won me over," Tony said, pulling a pair of sunglasses out of his pocket and slipping them on.  "Let's go.  There's gotta be a place to get a hamburger around here somewhere.  And remember, lots of sugar in his coffee.  Don't let him tell you otherwise."
Steve grabbed his wrist before he could blink out.  "Don't do anything yet," Steve ordered.
"Natasha's leg is broken," Tony stated.
It was surprisingly nice, cooking with Tony.  He kept Tony from getting too distracted and burning things by turning up the heat too quickly, and Tony's soft humming reminded Steve he wasn't alone.  Tony was not someone who stayed still very often, and Steve found himself bumping shoulders with Tony when he reached for the next ingredient more often than not.
Thankfully, Tony didn't start yelling.  Unfortunately, he also didn't react, other than his lips pressing together to form a grim line.
Tony landed off to the side, scanning the cavern ceiling for more of the rocks that were falling.  Small ones for now, but he did a quick calculation and realized the cavern had to cover at least a few cities on the surface.  The way Steve was talking didn't help.  He got a sense of resignation, and it made Tony feel like he was smaller, that he never should have come here.  This was his fault...
Sighing, Steve rubbed his forehead.  He needed a clear head for this.  He looked at Tony again, feeling the unnatural silence that fell between them.  "Can I hug you?" Steve asked, needing to reassure himself and Tony that he wasn't going anywhere.
"Not yet.  Either sending things back in time creates a second, different universe, or sending it back in time will change things.  Either way, it's been eight times that it hasn't worked," Tony said.  "The future mes, they all still died.  They just tried to make sure we'd get it right eventually."
Tony closed his eyes, his expression becoming pinched when he breathed out.  He looked miserable, and Steve immediately backed away.  Had he done something wrong?  "Tony?"
"Tell him how awesome we are," Tony said, giving Steve a small glare at the light pinch on his arm.  "What?  I can talk about that for hours."
Steve weighed his options.  He should respect Tony's wishes and leave.  If he did that though, would he be let back in?
"How can I help you, Captain?" JARVIS asked.
up," Tony grumbled, uncertain of Steve's reactions.
"Could have slept with her before Pepper," Stark said appallingly.  Steve was almost blinded with anger as the man played his own devil's advocate
He stopped, looking down at the blue sleeve Tony had grabbed when the word 'leave' fell from his mouth.  Tony resolutely tried not to care that he'd panicked in front of Steve and was now keeping him from leaving.  He focused on the lights in the room, not on Steve's widening eyes.
"Give it one more try," Little Rhodey said, and Tony could hear the tears in her voice.  "You can do it, Kes.  You can code anything!"
"I mean
"But that's-"
Steve was pretty sure computers couldn't have a heart attack.  Tony assured him they couldn't, at least.  But when Susan brought in the twins, he felt like his heart had stopped.
"Tony-"
Thor continued to wipe his forehead with the cool cloth, occasionally running his hand through Tony's hair soothingly.  "It is good to have you back, my friend," Thor said, a genuine smile on his face.  "We feared many things when you were taken."
Okay, maybe Natasha was right.  He had a bit of a problem.
and let her know how awesome it is!  Thank you for letting me write for your art!
"Tony, what-"
"What was that about?" Tony asked as he peered around Peggy's wing.
He woke up coughing wetly, gentle claws tilting his head so that the liquid in his lungs came out on the ground.  He heaved once, then spit the rest of the blood out.
Steve strained to hear, barely picking up on a rich, female voice on the other end of the line saying,  "He's awake.  It wasn't for long, but the doctors say he's out of the woods for now."
What he still couldn't decide was
"You are naive," Viper said, her voice hard.  "Hydra will create the world as it should be where the strong will rule.  The unworthy will be rooted out.  My Serpent Society is strong.  It is only right we take our place in the new order."
"It is," Fury said, eying the sandwiches.  "But I wanted to talk to you first privately."
He looked over the food again and raised an eyebrow at Pepper.
But Iron Man didn't let go of Steve's hand when he got up.  He squeezed it gently, looking down at their joined hands.  "Thanks," Iron Man said, and there was a rough quality to the word that not even the computer modulator could hide.  He finally let go and Steve wished he hadn't.  "I guess it does get a bit lonely sometimes."
"Where in the world did you get ice cream?" she asked, accepting it numbly.  Ice cream was far from something she expected Susan's make-shift base of operations to have.  They were in the middle of no where, and for good reason.
It was a very brief respite.  She heard an energy rifle and only barely made it into the air as it scorched by her.  The targeting system already had a lock on the shooter and two others, and she let loose the small shoulder missiles that they had picked up on their last Skrull base raid.  It felt good, using their own weapons against them, and she still remembered how Tony had beamed at her when she'd managed to combine the two different technologies.  It helped against the sick twist in her stomach as they went down.  If there was one thing she was glad of, it was that she had re-awoken Cap and Tony
Blinking to try clearing the haze that was falling over his thoughts, Steve shook his head.  There was no immediate danger that he could see, so he'd deal with that later.  "Tony?" he asked, looking down at the man in his arms.
.  It was so violent."
"Oh, Tony," Pepper said, her hands going up to her mouth, then she shook her head.  She started to wipe at her eyes, then remembered the gauntlets.  "They would have... If they were sure he was dead, they would have told me when they called.  I'll fix things so that they'll talk to you and let you in.  I had JARVIS sneak Iron Man on the list since I wanted to come right here, but I don't think that will work for you.  I'll give them a call once I'm out of this and see what I can do for you and the other Avengers.  I need to... I need to go see him first though."
and not by Tony.
He wasn't dead.  Steve focused on that.
The frustrating part was that he
"What are your intentions towards Mr. Stark?" Iron Man asked suddenly.
"Do all humans wear such things?"
But Iron Man was pulling back, a stiffness in his joints that worried Steve.  "Great," Iron Man said.  "Sorry for waking you, but I guess that means I don't have to carry you to bed, so there's that."
Tony was surprisingly patient as Steve tried to find the right phrase.  Finally, Steve sighed and shook his head.  "Sorry.  Just thinking about a lot of things lately."  Not his best redirection, but it was better than silence.
The cavern itself was unassuming.  It certainly didn't have any of the murals that the gate had and it looked to be nothing more than plain rock.  "Are the murals further back?" he asked uncertainly.
,' Steve heard, even if Tony didn't say it.  He placed a hand on Tony's shoulder.  "It's not your fault."
Tony laughed in a way that sent heat down to Steve's belly and lower.  "'Cause you won't sleep at all if I take you to yours.  Don't worry none about your virtue, Sheriff.  I'm just putting the big hero to bed."
Before the bomb went off, he replayed the memory of Steve at the altar in his dress uniform, smiling though his eyes were misty as he looked at Tony.  The ticking counter of the bomb was was on silent, so the last thing Tony heard was Steves voice, soft and pleased, saying "I do."
and there were
"Barton," Steve growled, putting down his fork to glare at him.  "We don't run a gossip mill.  And how do you know that anyway?"
"And when we get back, we can do a girl talk about your problems," Natasha said, smiling wickedly.
"These dancers are very fit," Thor said, approval radiating off of him.  "I have heard the story of this Romeo and Juliet before, but to see it told through dance and such powerful movements is a fascinating aspect of this culture."
"Very well, guarded-one," the red dragon said, and Tony held back a relieved sigh as the pressure in his mind faded.  He started to think of names, listening to the dragon's mental voice to see which ones she liked.
"Sounds like you knew him better in your memories," Rhodey said.
"Come to dinner with me," Steve repeated.
He also didn't say that the likelihood of himself surviving was dropping drastically with every passing minute.  But that was the part Steve heard, and he felt Steve curl around him protectively as if that would shield him further from the snow that rapidly piled up outside.  "It won't be that long," Steve said.
This might very well be his chance to get the crystal for Viper.  If nothing else, that was at least something he could do.
"Happy now?"
They were beautiful.  It was simple line art with multicolored inks that spanned the whole page.  The crystals on the cavern ceiling shone brilliantly in a way that made Tony feel warm just looking at it, with two dragons soaring on the last rays of the crystal's light. One was blue like Steve, the other was a shining silver.
"That doesn't make you a terrible person, princess," Tony said, pulling her back into a hug.  "That just makes you human."
"Do it," she hissed.  "And stand well away from him when you do."
Iron Man had said something similar about Coulson.  Steve wondered at the similarity, but pushed it aside to think about later.  "Does he have any family?" Steve asked instead.
Steve reached down and took Iron Man's hand in his, turning it over so it was palm up and running his fingers along where Iron Man's pulse should be.  The armor was warm under his finger tips, not over heated, but definitely not cool either, and the seams that allowed Iron Man free movement gave him a pattern to trace slowly, sensually.
So he paced in the waiting room with his shield strapped to his back as his only comfort.  He couldn't...  Tony wasn't dead.  The fact that the nurses avoided him didn't faze him, but people walking quickly past and ignoring his questions did.  It left him more irritated, which he welcomed, because being angry didn't leave room for thinking about how Steve had never been able to find a pulse.  Tony had never gone cold like the dead did, but he hadn't moved.
"No time to rest," Tony snapped, pushing her tail away as she tried to help him along.  "We've got to-"
There was a hand at his throat, crushing the metal inward so that Tony could barely breathe.  He tried to use his good hand to claw at the grip, but it was too strong.  His vision swam as the Skull rammed him up against the same wall he'd been captive against.
"No, you're not."
"Not really," Tony replied.  "It only leaves an empty place inside you.  But at least the burning is gone."
"What kind of soup?" she asked.
Iron Man.
"I'll stop him," Steve promised.
"Things are okay then?" Susan asked hesitantly.  She had Leon's arm around her waist, and fuck, he'd missed them getting together and-
Steve swallowed, the lump in his throat not yielding.
They stared at each other for what felt like eternity.  Then Tony looked away.  He hated being the first to break, but he couldn't...  "Just keep the ring," Tony said, forcing himself not to code another one on his finger.
"Huh," Leon said.  "Never fought one of those b'fore."
"It won't," Tony agreed, because the Avengers would never stop looking for Steve, even when any hope for Tony would be lost.  He was... not fine with it, not really.  But not afraid like he was last time.  Steve was with him, and he'd heard that freezing to death was just like going to sleep.  It wouldn't be so bad this time.
"It's not fine," 'Rhodey' said, but Steve heard him sigh and some sort of movement.
Susan.
"Tony," Jarvis said, surprisingly gentle for one that was usually so rough.  He'd only heard that tone once before, when Jarvis had told him his father was dead.  "You were down there for twelve hours.  There's no such thing as dragons.  They're myths."
In response, Steve just lowered his head in a position that reminded him of Peggy yesterday.  "I can walk and get down myself," Tony said mildly.  It didn't quite sit right with him, needing to be flown everywhere.
"He wanted to speak with you," Ms. Potts replied.
No, Steve wouldn't let-
Tony started, looking up to see Peggy in front of him.  She touched his cheek comfortingly, and Sharon's wing came up to cover him and block the view.
Tony resisted the urge to let his shoulders hunch, just barely.  "Should I?"  He hadn't been able to see Steve's face in the cave.  It could have been true, what Steve was trying to say.  It also could have been pity or desperation.  And the other two options?  Those weren't so hot.
"You have blankets," Steve replied, though he moved back over to the bed.  "Fancy expensive blankets that you made sure all of the Avengers had."
"Okay," Steve said, turning Tony's hand over and kissing his palm.  "Dinner and flowers first.  Then going back to the Tower."
"Steve..."  It was no good.  He couldn't get out of here like this.  But the dragons... Someone had to warn them.  He had to...
"You're the one still hurt," Steve told Sam.
"Having problems with primitive technology?" Steve asked softly enough that his voice wouldn't carry to Iron Man.
He started to hand the mug to Tony before remembering Pepper's list.  He set it down on the counter next to him instead, then went back to heat up the muffins.  The quiet went on for too long, and Steve thought about Iron Man taking his coffee, sipping it through a straw in the morning with a small catch in the face plate that opened just enough to fit.  He wondered if Iron Man had asked for it, or if Tony had made it without prompting.  It was a little ridiculous either way, and Steve fought back a smile at the thought.  This wasn't helping with either of his crushes.
Tony went still at the name.  Fury had mentioned a new leader rising through Hydra's ranks.  "I take it the dragons didn't give you that scar," he said, anger rising in him like a high tide.  Guilt and foolishness followed after the anger, because he never should have doubted the dragons.  He'd known Steve would never do such a thing, yet he'd still...
"No, you shouldn't have," Steve replied, feeling Tony wince.  He kept Tony from pulling away, but made sure his strength was in check so that Tony still had the option if he really wanted to.  It was harder than he'd like to admit, since part of him just wanted to shake the idiot.
Thundersnow was actually a thing, apparently.  Just his luck.  "Hydra?" he asked, trying to ignore how fucked up weather around the Great Lakes was.
"Oh," Steve said, feeling a little foolish.  Then lightheaded, because Tony hadn't actually tried to pull away.  "We could go back to the Tower and-"
The couch was comfortable at least, the dark red color both unsurprising and slightly endearing.  He pressed his cheek to Tony's soft hair, wishing there was some way to make this right.  There were no magical fixes for this.  Steve knew what Tony said about not being Iron Man wasn't true.  Tony
"You've been working too hard," Steve said.
"STEVE!"
Steve shuddered, and Tony's arms immediately went around Steve's waist.  "Steve, you-"
Exhaustion set in as Steve's eyes kept returning to the deathly still form of Tony Stark.  His best friend in this century.  His
Any thought of saying something tonight left Steve as Tony entered the kitchen in a suit and tie, looking like death had warmed over.  "You okay?" Steve asked, half-rising from his seat.
He felt Natasha's hand on his back rubbing small circles as he leaned over on his knees and kept his head down.
"Sorry," Tony said after he'd calmed down.  "I guess I deserved that one.  That sort of greeting usually happens when a man is courting someone."
"I'll remember that next time," Steve said, the smile less forced. Tony might not be the most approachable, but he really tried for the team and it was honestly a pretty thoughtful and useful gift. He'd heard about the giant bunny fiasco. "So can you try running the polymer thing by me again? I promise I'll pay attention this time."
"Tony?"
"As long as you won't tell him I'm scared?"
try to push you away, especially since you knew Howard.  If you want that olive branch, Captain, you're going to have to be willing to hold it out for a long time."
"I don't," Steve said, rubbing his neck.  "But Natasha pointed out that your upgrades were also safer, and even I can't block every thing  that comes my way.  Though if you're busy..."
This time Steve did grab his shield from his back, the chair toppling over as he faced the man.  Rhodey also stood, his cane in front of him as if to attack rather than to lean on it.  That was a voice that definitely did not belong in the Tower.
"Wanted to make sure the story was solid before you told anyone," Fury replied.  "Though I'd dearly love to know who was actually in Afghanistan with Rhodes, I'll figure that out later."
"What?" Iron Man said, coming around where Steve could see the gold and red armor.  "What the hell?  Why didn't you raise an alarm?'
Tony felt it when Steve undid the code, and the first sob broke free as Steve's arms tightened around him.  "I'm
"Not that one, no.  That one's for me," Steve said, pulling the covers over them as Tony's lips brushed over his neck.
* * *
"I'll cover for you here and keep trying to raise Iron Man," Natasha agreed.  "Though if he's caught up in this too, that might be why we haven't seen him around much recently."
"What changes?" Tony asked, immediately suspicious.
"That explains a few things," Natasha said.
Steve flinched.  "Tony," he said in warning.
"'I'm shipping out tomorrow' usually means faster relationships," Steve replied, though Tony had a point.  Steve
The calm tightened around his mind and a stubborn red joined the colors.  "I'm coming," Steve said, his mental voice sounding far away.
Steve discreetly checked his messages to see that the last one Natasha sent was gone.  He was torn between extreme curiosity and wanting to respect Tony's privacy.  Then again, Tony had already violated Steve's privacy several times over, so maybe he could tell Natasha about it later and hope she re-sent it to try to make him blush more.  Then it would still be her fault that he saw it.  "Dinner?" he asked hopefully.
"Course ya are, Sheriff," Stark said, leading them away from the crowd.  Steve didn't pay much attention to where they went, but he recognized the Stark Enterprise shop even from the back entrance.  He'd dragged a drunken Tony to it often enough, not that the man had much dignity to be spared by going in the front.  It was a bit of a shock to be on the other end of the leading this time.
"Why not try a taste of your own medicine?" a familiar voice said.
"Mr. Stark is currently in the penthouse," JARVIS replied.
A smile snuck across his face.  "I trust you, but not that much yet.  I have my ways even if you don't want to talk.  You just happen to be the way Stark would find least offensive at the moment and that could benefit everyone involved."
He looked around the blank walls of the cavern again with a new-found wariness.  He shivered.  He had no explanation for the visions Wanda had shown him.  She could have seen from his memories about the murals in the gate cavern, but he had barely thought of them since he met the dragons personally, despite seeing them nearly every day.  And those visions didn't feel like they had come from Wanda either, though he couldn't have said how he knew that.
The skull shattered into thousands of pieces as Viper screamed, and Tony had the great pleasure of watching the tentacles drop lifelessly to the ground, some of them still flaming.
Tony realized he was also that sort of idiot as two heads replaced it.  The two heads split the dead neck off, not even giving him a chance to cauterize the neck.
sulking.  He refused to say that and let her use his denial against him.  "I'm planning."
He started a fire (with the help of Peggy's fire-breathing) to cook some of the meat just to see the other's reactions to it.  Tony watched Steve and Sam as he helped spread out a lunch of meat for the dragons and vegetables for himself.  They were using the same energy transference technique as Sharon had used on him.
Viper was a planner, and a good one, but not well-versed in cutting edge technology.  He was lucky it wasn't Zemo he'd gone up against, or even Strucker who had more experience with the Hydra suits, or the repulsor tech would now be in Nazi hands.  And his heart...
"Bastard," Steve gasped once he stopped hacking up a lung.
Tony sat back down finally, grudgingly. Tony was... Steve didn't want to say spoiling for a fight, because that wasn't true. Tony tried surprisingly hard to get along with everyone on the team despite his original lone wolf act. But he was easy to set off sometimes, especially around Steve.
He didn't have to say the rest.  Steve shook himself and opened his eyes, steeling his nerve for the words he had to say.  "Go.  Be careful.  And find out what's going on."
"What's the status?" Steve demanded into the com as he threw his shield at another bot, taking its head clean off.  The building was behind him, the trees were well back, cordoned off by a fence, and the courtyard was over taken with about thirty robots.  Just what he needed to take his frustration out on.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a loud, screeching noise down below, along with the sound of many flapping wings.  Tony was suddenly very glad he hadn't landed on the apparent
* * *
Tony leaned back against Steve's chest, pulling the parachute over both of them again.  It wasn't much, but it was better than nothing and it was military grade that Tony himself had worked on.  Waterproof, which explained his relative dryness, come to think of it.  He rubbed Steve's arms, trying to give Steve what little heat he did have.  Speaking of...
Sharon and Peggy looked at each other again, and Peggy's tail curled around his waist comfortingly.  "There is too much metal.  Metal resists our magic and makes it harder to heal.  I do not think even our best healer could do much for you, not without killing you or the healer first."
"Magic..."  Tony didn't know if he should scoff or be amazed.  'Magic,' in his experience, tended to be science that idiots didn't understand.  But he was currently under the earth and talking to telepathic dragons, so he wasn't discounting anything right now no matter how skeptical it made him.  He did want a closer look at those stones and the moss though.  That was on his to-do list.  That, and getting back to the others, because the long War was still on-going, and they needed to keep Hydra from finding this place.
"You are to me," Steve said.  "Hold on."
focused, and generally in his own world, not ours.  If it's not within his immediate sphere, he doesn't always notice.  Did you tell him about your Tumblr?"
"That's right, kiddo," Tony said proudly.
Iron Man waved him off.  He was almost pressed against the bushes, cutting off as much of the view of himself as he could.  "Necessary if I want to eat at all.  I don't mind.  I've got the suit on alert in case anyone gets close."
Steve pulled out his phone and typed a simple message to warn Iron Man he was coming, then started walking through the trees.  Was that how everyone saw Tony Stark?  It was how he'd seen the man before he'd really talked to him, and it made him a little sick to remember.  He wondered how many other celebrities got this sort of treatment.  There'd always been the yellow press and gossip columns on socialites like Howard or movie stars, but with the spread of technology everything seemed worse.
He refused to believe she had a point about that.
"It's okay," Tony said, though maybe it really wasn't, because now the panic that he had mostly managed to keep back was bubbling to the surface.  "You can see everything-"
"Steve," Wanda said, her voice final.  Steve stopped what he was saying and looked away.  "You said it yourself.  The price must be paid.  There must be a sacrifice.  And you must take Tony back to the surface."
He was going to ignore that.  "Doesn't it ever get lonely, pushing everyone away like that?"
"No," Steve sighed.  "Tony, I...  We really thought we lost you."
"That's what I
"Doesn't matter.  He's not on our side for this, but we'll get them back," Steve said.  With or without Iron Man's help.
"Plane's ready," Steve said softly, unsure how to break the silence in a more comfortable way.
"You don't have to," Steve said cautiously.  The others had been warned of some of Tony's boundaries, and they had all been careful to include him even without Steve's prompting when he came up instead of Iron Man.  The others all seemed to have picked up on Tony's uneasiness, and Steve hadn't needed to say anything beyond what Bruce had originally warned him with: give Tony space when he needed it.
"Yes, but your ideas also have great merit," T'Challa said.  "Come, let us put together the press conference you spoke of while they play a little longer."
" At least, that was what Steve translated the text shorthand to.  He might have missed a few words, but he was getting very good at 'text speak'.  Mostly because it shocked everyone when he used it and annoyed Iron Man to no end.
"I want to apologize."
"Talk to Jarvis, Miss Potts," Tony said, completely ignoring the general's order.  "He's the one you must convince, not me.  I'd have let you have a suit weeks ago."
He kept it simple, without tongue.  It wasn't like Natasha's words had
It did make him want to stop by the gym before he got on the plane, if he wanted to get rid of the excess anger.
Knowing he wasn't going to win that one, Tony picked up the conversation and reminded Steve of the other thing he had to put a stop to immediately.  "We'll return everything she steals, don't worry, Cap.  I've already made the mind control device that we'll plant on her when she turns good again."
"More looking to woo a genius," Steve replied, stepping into Tony's space as Steve congratulated himself on the line.  Much better than Tony's attempts at flirting with the butterfly had been.
"I'm right here," Tony grumbled.  "And I don't need taking care of."
Steve shrugged.  "Neither am I," he said, thinking back to his attempts with Peggy and his awkward failing with Sharon.  Tony might be a mess of issues, but so were all of the Avengers, and Tony at least had some practical dating experience.  "But I'd like to take you out all the same."
"Steve was there," Tony corrected, not meeting Jarvis's eyes as he puzzled over who 'Captain Rogers' was.  "He was..."
"I like it," he said, grinning as the video ended.
"Just a dream," he said aloud as the nausea was replaced by fine trembles that chilled his body.  He pulled his knees against his chest and focused on breathing, not the resurfacing thoughts.  It was harder than it should be.  What would Bucky think, if he could see Steve now?   Bucky would...
"For a damned genius, you really are dumb," Steve grit out.
Steve held back his disappointment.  While he was definitely a little apprehensive about going down to see Tony, he was also looking forward to potentially sharing the meal.  Tony was difficult and prickly, but Steve suspected he had a lot of caring underneath if Steve could manage to keep his temper long enough to keep Tony from going off.  And if
The fury that had been missing earlier nearly blinded Tony.  If he hadn't been pressing down on Steve's wound, he would have risked rushing her, gun and all.  "We. Are. Not. Leaving. Him," Tony said, gritting out the words as Steve whined softly.  And damn, he knew Steve was playing it up, but the sound twisted at his heart in ways the heart pump couldn't fix.  "Hydra's days are numbered and if I do make it out of here, I won't stop until I bury every last head.  You sure you still want that ride?"
"You probably know as much about them as I do," Tony said, but he allowed Steve to pull him along to the center of the balcony.  He knelt down, sitting back on his heels as Steve quickly claimed his lap.  "You can't be comfortable like that."
"Sir, there is a call from Ms. Jeannette Rhodes," JARVIS said, interrupting Steve.
There was uncertainty in Tony's eyes, along with hesitation, but he nodded, and Steve thought he could still see faint traces of a blush around his cheeks.  Sadly, Tony quickly regained his composure.  "I... sure?  I mean, you sure about this, Steve?  I'm not exactly..."  Tony wiggled his fingers in a way Steve couldn't quite discern their meaning, "...good dating material."
To her surprise, her door opened a few minutes later, rather than Tony reappearing.  He held something behind his back and shut the door, like he was afraid of being caught.  "We need to talk about your taste, kiddo," he said.  "Stripes?  Really?"
"I couldn't possibly ask you to," she said.  "If you just tell me where they are, I could find them myself."
He forced himself to think through Tony's words, parsing what Tony wasn't telling him.  Something wasn't adding up.  Unfortunately, there wasn't much he could do if Tony wouldn't tell him.   "Then trust us to figure it out ourselves," Steve said finally, putting his hands on Tony's shoulders.  "Whatever it is you're scared of, we'll stop it."
"Then is it me?" Iron Man asked softly.  "I've been a pretty crappy friend recently.  I'm sorry."
"I miss my friends," he corrected.
"I'm... not sure," Bruce said, not quite meeting Steve's eyes.  "You're getting to know Stark, right?"
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend," Steve quoted.  "It's worth a shot."
"He needs to work on his timing," Natasha said.  "Wake the Fantastic Four out of their beds, not us.  I'm not in the mood."
He was definitely missing something here.  "I thought they couldn't make movies based off us without Tony's permission?"
"Huh?" Tony said, startled out of the longing.
"And what if it was
"Yeah, yeah," Rhodey said, and Steve was almost jealous of the warmth he heard in that voice.  It had been so long since someone had spoken with that sort of fondness towards him.  "Alright.  Get your coffee, then we can head up for that sake you promised me."
"Are you seriously humming Spice Girls?"
"Yes," Steve said.  "You... you lied to me.  I can understand why, because it's...  I see more now about humans, now that we're bonded.  But it still hurts."
"But I-"
"Yes, Sir," Tony said, too tired to inject a proper amount of sarcasm.  There was thunder again, but it sounded further off.  Which meant it was still probably quite close, given snow's terrible acoustics.  Not what he should be thinking about now, when he couldn't afford to get off track.  Focus on Steve.  "Always bossing me around.  I don't take orders from anyone."
"Tony, the kids are safe.  You don't have to do this."
"And there's Bucky. Someone painted his arm pink, and it looks-"
"That's Sam, by the way," Peggy said helpfully, earning a grin from Tony.  Her joy in the human names was endearing.
"He's surprisingly decent for a super-villain," Steve agreed.  "What's your ETA for coming back?  Do you need one of us to pick you up?"
"And you're not going to tell me what it is?" Steve asked
"Ms.Potts," he said pleasantly, carrying a large box of parts out of the hanger.  "I'm on forced vacation from the military, but that doesn't mean there's not more work to do back home."
"You finally succeeded, Iron Man," Doom said.
He pressed the button again, this time not letting up on it.  Then he looked around for another button.  Maybe there were two?
In the end, Steve fell back asleep, curling tightly around Tony instinctively to keep the comfort for just a while longer.
"I know," Rhodey said.  "I know."
"They're interesting," Bruce said, sipping his tea thoughtfully and giving Steve a welcome diversion.  "Tachyon particles aren't in my area of expertise, but tell Mr. Stark I'll have a report sent to him in the afternoon.  His hypothesis might not be far off."
Tony pulled back after a chaster, but no less passionate, kiss.  The hand that had been tangled in Steve's hair came around to cup Steve's cheek.  "Steve, you...  Every time I lost hope, you were there.  You kept me from drowning.  You make me feel like I
It was that question again.  Steve grit his teeth.  "No one on the team thought that.   Bruce came to me because both he and Jane were worried.  Do you trust us that little?"
"Pardon?" Tony looked up to see Wanda watching the two of them as she perched on the railing.
"I know it's not my place, but did you have a fight with Iron Man?" Bruce asked.
"Steve?" Tony asked.
"Not an Avenger," Susan muttered, but she nodded.
"Don't come any closer," Tony said as he got to his feet, shield held awkwardly in front of him.
Then Tony started laughing and the self-doubt crept up again.  "What?" Steve asked.
The picture was raw and too private, but he posted it anyway, because if there was one thing he knew, it was the feeling of
"What do you mean, 'even if I don't return your feelings'?" Tony asked, looking more upset than Steve expected.
"Come on," Iron Man said, moving around the desk and taking Steve's hand.  He tugged Steve along to one of the chairs, and Steve sank down into it, feeling like it was either too soft or he was too tense.  "Steve, what do you always tell Clint when he starts looking moody and withdrawn?"
Tony got a sense of a shrug and exasperation from the brown dragon.  "I'll look after him," the brown dragon said before flying off as well.
He didn't wait for permission to put the coffee in the microwave.  It was thankfully very similar to the one in the common room, so Steve had no problems with the timer.  "Sorry," Steve said as the light in the microwave turned on.  "I should have mentioned I brought it earlier when it was still hot."
"You're a bit late," she hissed, firing the thrusters to regain her balance and catch up to the train again.  Now she had the two remaining ones firing at her.
"Please don't tell them," she begged again.  "They killed my parents!"
Then she sobered, her claw moving down the wall again.  "But there is more for you to see."
He always was better with actions than with words.  Without consciously thinking about it, Steve pulled Tony's hand towards him.
"It will," Iron Man interrupted, quickly rising to his feet.  "It always does.  I...  I should go.  Sorry.  Have fun in the gym."
Tony scowled and Steve kissed him on the nose where the butterfly had landed.  He was glad to see the look of wonder from earlier replacing the scowl.  Steve was going to cherish that smile no matter how long this lasted.
"I will be fine," Viper said, smiling sweetly at him.  "I am at the temple now.  Nothing will harm me here."
"There you are," Steve agreed, falling silent.
Kes was crying now, harder than Susan had ever seen her.  "Kes, what's wrong?  Did I say the wrong thing?" Susan asked, worry taking over.
"They were."
Kang caught his arm, making Tony cry out as Kang held him off the ground again.
"Your way out," Tony said before sending the command to take out his data crystal.
"Our friend merely needed to be told everyone was safe," Thor said, carrying Tony out and trying to shield him from the worst of the storm.  "He has a noble heart indeed, worrying first for others rather than himself."
"We'll fix it," Tony said, putting some of his own stubbornness into his words.  "You'll protect the city and I'll get rid of that hydra.  If something breaks, we can fix it.  Rebuild."
"I'm-" Red, white, blue - art and a glowing light spoken of only in legends.  The feeling of calm after the rain and the stubborn of a rock that refused to move.  Stars were part of Steve's dragon name, but he'd never seen them.  Tony resolved to make that a promise he wouldn't break.
"More than I needed to know about your sexual preferences, Tony," Peggy said mildly.
"You know many female names," the red dragon said slyly.
Not that the words helped.  Kestrel was already struggling weakly against him.  "Let go!" she yelled breathlessly.  "Let..."
"I miss it," Steve said, knowing that he more or less hadn't aged while Tony had.  Tony... wasn't always comfortable with the changes his body had gone through.
"Robots."  Steve only just saw the anger and fear raging across Tony's face as he said it, the elevator door closing him in.
"Magic," Peggy replied, and there was a hint of laughter about her wings as they fanned out behind her.
Inwardly, Steve sighed in relief.  He counted that as a step up, that JARVIS no longer stalled Steve from meeting with his creator.  "Can you let him know I'm coming up to speak with him?"
was always the one who knew the right thing to say, even when he said he didn't.
"And it's a secret you're going to keep," Rhodey said.
When Tony wasn't being prickly like now, Steve
Fury stared at him, single brown eye giving away nothing of what he was thinking.  Steve did his best not to fidget.
"Maybe the fact you've pulled back at the same time he became unreachable," Steve said dryly.  "Tony, I know you want to catch whoever is behind this.  Let us help you."
sulking, though the nightmares of Bucky had gotten worse.  Natasha rolled her eyes at him when he told her that was the reason he'd been in the gym so much, but he really wasn't sulking, or trying to carve out what little space he could find in this world.  So he was training harder, running further, and generally grumpier.   That didn't mean he was
" she texted.  "
Steve looked through the glass, his view too limited to see Tony or the machine.  Then he looked down at his hands.  Having the shield would be better because he was pretty sure that was reinforced glass and it was bulletproof.  He wasn't sure he wanted to waste the time to go back up and get it, however.  He couldn't afford Tony an opportunity to escape now that he was fairly sure JARVIS had warned him of what Steve knew.  "JARVIS, is Tony going to let me in?"
"Your dragon is being dealt with," Viper said.  "I gave Cobra your gun.  He may not be a marksman, but a big, blue target is hard to miss."
"No one's made you watch that movie yet?" Tony said, acting affronted.  "Come on, Cap.  Pizza and a movie.  You'll like this one.  It's a Christmas movie, even, so it's warm and fuzzy.  But it's set in California, so there's no snow."
believe me," Tony said, looking away.  "It's insane.  Even I know that."
Tony snorted across from him, leaning back in his chair with his arms crossed. He looked a little angry despite the smile on his face. "I wondered what would get your attention," he said.
"I am Viper, leader of the Serpent Society," she answered.  "And you walked right into my trap, Tony Stark."
"Compared to you, boss, I've got nothing," Happy replied.
Steve opened his eyes, seeing Ms. Potts with her hands in front of her mouth.  "Are you alright?" she asked, whatever anger she had melting as she rushed forward.
Tony sat up gasping, ignoring the dizziness that followed.  He wasn't in a cave and Pepper had a small lamp on by the bed side with paper and a hastily dropped pen.  "Pep," he said, struggling to get his bearings as the dream slowly released its grip on him.
Steve stared at the drawing he had started on the flight back, not really seeing it.  The flight itself had been both much more comfortable and tenser than the one to Afghanistan.  He wasn't squished against boxes, but Tony alternated between combative and moodily quiet the whole way.  It grated on Steve's nerves until Steve snapped at him, telling him to stop.  Tony apologized and did, but then it was almost worse.  Without Steve to bother, he either paced or looked two seconds away from crying, typing away at his tablet and laptop he still hid from Steve.
"Not put off," Steve said, possibly too quickly.  "It's just... soothing.  I
As soon as Sam was gone, Steve sighed, his shoulders slumping. He stared down at his tablet again. Then he opened up Photoshop and started to draw. He really wasn't surprised it was Bucky that started to stare out at him. How Bucky used to be, but his eyes... Steve tried a few times, but he couldn't get them right. Not with the way Bucky had stared at him on the helicarrier. He scribbled a black box over Bucky's eyes in frustration.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, then looked outside.  Right.  That looked like an actual blizzard and Steve had mentioned something about the snow being too bad to see.  Maybe Steve had a point and wasn't just being clingy.  Not that he would cling to Tony like that anyway.
Unfortunately, he didn't want it to.
"Hi," Steve said, his nostrils flaring.  "I wouldn't try too hard for that right now though.  You don't want to repeat yesterday's weakness.  Take it slowly."
by showing more people their art, among other things.  It just hurt more than it should, and it wasn't like he could get into an old-fashioned brawl over it anymore.  It felt like he was still being shoved up against the wall and beaten though, just without the satisfaction of getting a punch or two in first.  He'd rather be small again and in a fist fight than having to deal with the feeling of someone reposting his art.
"You really won't make this easy on me," Steve said with a small chuckle.  "Moved on to you, you punk.  I'm ready to give this a try, and you seemed to be carrying a torch still.  Was I wrong?"
"I'm not leaving," Tony said finally.   Jarvis knew the suits and he had full trust in Rhodey and Pepper to take over for him.  The world wouldn't like that very much, but Fury owed him enough to look out for them when political waters got hot.  Stark Industries was privately owned and set up for any of them to take over in his absence.  His friends would be taken care of.  "Now get me one of those damned cry-"
He was not expecting the face plate to flip up to reveal a very annoyed, very familiar freckled face.  Steve stumbled back, his jaw dropping.  "Pepper?" he asked, his head starting to swim.  "Do all CEOs of Stark Industries wear the armor?"
He held out his hand and Steve snorted, lowering his head so that Tony could touch his cheek.  Tony did so, and allowed Steve's claw to touch his.
"The GPS puts them just outside Doomwood Forest."
The hydra clawed out of the ground, pulling itself up.  Jacques and Gabe tried to attack its claws to push it back down, but they only barely escaped the onslaught of five heads that tried to bite them.
Steve hunched his shoulders in a habit he'd had since before the serum.  He almost wished he were smaller again, because doing this made him feel small and petty.  "I can't trust either of them right now, Thor.  Not with Natasha and Clint in Doom's hands.  We need to find out what he's up to.  If need be, we stop him."
"Even worse," Tony said, tapping away at his phone. "Ever look up some tutorials?"
Steve.
To his surprise (and secret pleasure), Steve came over to him.  He made sure Tony was watching, then leaned down to rub against Tony's cheek with his own, reassuring Tony by letting him feel how okay the dragon was.  He could feel the others' surprise as well, which Steve resolutely ignored.
She couldn't help a small laugh at that.  Tony was absolutely ridiculous.  She didn't know if she was relieved or annoyed to be his kind of crazy, but at least she was doing something right with the armor.
The rest of the trip back to the city was quiet.  Tony didn't feel like talking and Peggy didn't push him.  Only the breeze filled Tony's thoughts as he tried to push away all the other things.
. Not that Carol wouldn't do a fine, upstanding job of saving Tony, but if Tony was going to be a swooning romantic love interest, he should be
turned me down, he thought the song would help."
At least Kang wasn't interested in the other Avengers.  Steve didn't really have time to think about that, however, as Kang sent his shield spinning back at him.  It was too fast to dodge and the breath was knocked out of him as it hit him in the gut.
"Come out, Mr. Stark.  You won't get very far, not without your armor."  That wasn't the leader of the Ten Rings.  The voice was different.  Wrong.  That was...  Tony shook his head, trying to clear it.  Whoever it was, they were right.  He needed his suit.
Plus side: Tony wasn't buried under tons of rocks.  Especially good considering he didn't think anyone could find him down here.  He wasn't getting anything from the infrared, so that was still on the fritz, but the small crystal gave off a low light that let Tony see a little ways.  He was glad it wasn't broken from the fall.
There were wires every where that Tony started tearing off, ignoring how his body felt like it was on fire.  He stumbled forward to the door, grabbing the keyboard that had been so noisy.  He hated noisy keyboards.  At least he thought it was a door.  A cave?  He hid behind the wall, listening as feet pounded closer.
"How's the leg treating you?" Cap asked.
When Tony turned around to face Steve, he beamed at Tony, brushing aside the hair that had fallen into Tony's eyes.  Tony needed a haircut, but Steve liked it a little long like that.  "Hey, there, Shellhead.  I brought down some of Clint's cake."
," Steve replied, hoping Tony wouldn't go off the grid just to lose him.
"Why does it bother you this much anyway?" Iron Man asked.
Steve raised his eye brows, but Fury only gave him a look that said not to argue and turned to the Avengers' conference room, his trench coat flowing after him..  Steve followed reluctantly, putting the tray down as Fury set up some kind of device on the table.  "To keep out eavesdroppers," Fury said, gesturing for Steve to take a seat.
"-can't keep going like this."
?" the Red Skull asked, sneering despite the threat of a live repulsor seconds from shooting him.  "You are still in your sick fantasies, Mr. Stark.  Give us the schematics for the armor, and you can go back to your dream world."
His tail lashed in fury as fire spewed from his throat, burning Zemo and the remaining soldiers.  His wings spread, teeth bared and a fierce gleam in his eyes that shone with vengeance.  He slashed Zemo with his claws and Tony watched as Da - as Zemo fell back.
Finally, Tony nodded.  It was a curt thing that wasted no movement, but he'd barely moved before Steve was pulling Tony against him with a desperation that scared him.
Tony stiffened, and this time Steve let him pull away.  He didn't meet Steve's eyes.  "What makes you think Doom has anything to do with this?"
' I'm hurt that you haven't told me about this, Steve."
"I can't exactly say your other one," Tony pointed out as he walked closer.  He might as well take Steve up on his offer.  He ducked under Steve's wing, feeling warmer already.  Steve's body put out a lot of heat on its own.
Tony gingerly sat down beside him, pulling his knees up.  "What're you drawing?"
Tony looked at the sandwiches, his eyes widening in surprise.  "Why...?"
"There will be a pop-quiz at the end," Tony said.
"To be fair, that's usually rule number one for most people," she said, nodding softly.  "There's one final thing, and this is one of the most important.  I can only guess at what you heard, but you are going to need a lot of patience to deal with Tony.  I can guarantee you he
Leo laughed, finally losing the bitterness that clung to him since he'd been rescued.  His breath hitched, but he smiled at her.  "Still a crybaby," he said, gripping her hand tighter.
Or maybe it was just meeting the original Captain America and seeing all the ways he didn't quite measure up.
Steve had always done right by him, Turk had said.  It had been a terrible way to go.  Not that there were many good ones, and his mind readily supplied much more gruesome deaths on top of the blood that was still on his hands.  He'd seen worse in the war.  Too much.  That didn't make what he'd just done any better.  He was the law, but that felt far too close to the line for his comfort.  What little he had of comfort, anyway.
.  Maybe it was just the lack of hearing actual words other than his own voice for the past week.  It was almost a relief to hear someone who wasn't using a mental voice.
"Always so naive, Mr. Stark," Viper said, a smirk in her voice.  "You failed in every way to protect the dragons.  What makes you think you can stop Hydra when you couldn't stop the beast?"
"Could I?" Steve prompted when Bruce trailed off.  He didn't know how much help he could be off the field.
"Sure," Steve said, adrenaline slowly waning off and leaving general grumpiness in its wake.  Steve was, contrary to popular belief, not actually a morning person.  The military got him in the habit of mornings and he was disciplined enough to keep up with his morning run, but when he had an excuse he was more than willing to stay in bed so long as the nightmares were kept at bay.
"I'm stopped," Tony said, holding his hands up in submission, though he kept the firewall running.  She didn't seem to mind that, not looking up from the screen she was using to monitor the computer's activity.
"What?" Tony asked.  He knew there was a better reply to that, something more intelligent or wittier, but he couldn't think of anything under the earnest blue of Steve's gaze.
"I haven't?" Tony fished out his phone from his pocket.  He hit a button that Steve couldn't see and nothing happened.  "I haven't," Tony said, staring at it blankly.
This time Steve had none of the control.  Tony pushed fast and hard, like this was his last chance.  Steve's hands fell to Tony's hips, pulling him closer, tightening before he remembered his strength.  He'd feel guilty for leaving bruises later, but now all he could think about were the chapped lips demanding his attention.
"Yes," Tony replied.  "Peggy.  She said you're Steve, by the way."
Steve squeezed his shoulder once more and left it at that, returning the tray to the kitchen.  He passed Natasha on his way, then called out to her on second thought.  "Do we have any precautions for working with super villains?" he asked.
"He... He liked the human name Bucky, even though Johann said it was too 'American'," Steve replied.  "He and Peggy were always the best dancers.  But he tried to teach me, even when I was small and sick when I was little, so that I could ask Peggy to dance with me.  He was... He was my best friend."
He rubbed his cheek against Tony's and Tony laughed, catching hold of his head and holding him close.   "I'm glad you're back."
"You try not to act on it," Peggy said approvingly.
"It's not your fault," Steve said.
"Who else knows?" Steve asked.
Tony woke up to an aching body and bile forcing it's way up his throat.  To top it off, he had a pounding headache, ten times worse than any hangover he could remember.  He was trembling as he tried to thrash about, but something was holding him down.
Happy and another security guard were leading Mrs. Fairfax away when she shook them off with a huff.  "We'll see if I ever give to the Maria Stark Foundation causes again," she said as she stalked off.
"That was why..." Viper started to say, then cut herself off.
Tony hadn't been able to think of them.  Though whether he'd been fighting the suggestion or whatever mind-clouding drugs they had given him, he didn't know.
"We'll get you trained," Tony said soothingly.  "I promise, Pep.  You're the only one I can ask.  You can do this, buttercup."
People said that Steve's disapproving frown was terrible, but Steve privately thought Bruce had the worst one. Or maybe that was just because Bruce was also immune to Steve's 'kicked puppy look' as Natasha called it.  "That's not enough.  Now eat," Bruce said.
Steve ignored them both.  "We can also talk to the merchandising arm of the Avengers.  I know we have some.  We can put out more stuff for female heroes.  Tony can even do a press conference."
"You should have left," Tony said.
That didn't sound ominous at all.  Still, the ancient prophecy was working in Tony's favor for once.  That almost never happened.  It was nice to have it saving him, rather than condemning him to death.  Heard one, heard them all...
Pepper nodded, then shook her head.  "The AI interface to let JARVIS pilot the suits wasn't ready.  So he... I got a crash course in training.  Tony sent Happy there too, but robots can't really be hit with his fists."
The silence came back with a vengeance, and Tony tried to focus on the soft sounds of people walking past or the light hum of the air conditioner.  He wasn't trapped.  He didn't need to talk just to remind himself that he wasn't alone.
It was a text post, not one written by anyone he'd talked to on the site before.  Curiosity got the better of him, and he started to read.
"You think so?" Tony asked.  His voice shook; it was hard for him to breathe.  He didn't think that was because Steve's tail was wrapped around his ribs either.
The suit took off.  He probably could have heard what Kestrel was saying if he'd been connected to the base's defense systems, but he didn't dare, not after what had happened to JARVIS.  Instead, he piloted the suit out of the hangar, flying up and feeling pure
Red, gold, and gunmetal grey.  Fire of the forge and passion.  Science and the wonder of the unexplored.  A lone star burning all alone in the moonless night that connected them both.  "Tony..."
"No," Steve said, his voice tight with anger and hurt.  "I'll come back after I've dropped you off."
Steve's sharp inhale was painful, but it helped force the thoughts away before the bile came back.
"I..." Steve said, staring at the giant hole in the wall.  "It's news to me too."
"I..."  Tony looked down at his hands, then set his shoulders.  "There's something you should know before-"
Tony was in the workshop.  He didn't remember coming down, but he suspected it didn't matter.  The suit was laid out before him, but his concentration felt fuzzy.  He tried to focus, make the details clearer, but even rubbing his eyes didn't help.  Maybe he was tired?  He didn't feel tired, and he could usually work pretty well through exhaustion.  It felt like there was a noise in the back of his head that got louder when he-
"Because you warned me off and I should have listened and given you space.  And no matter what you said to me, I shouldn't have said that to you.  I made the decision to brave your mood despite how you asked for space, and I should have kept my temper."
"Why'd ya get involved, Stark?" Steve asked.  He eyed the kitchen table, then sank down to the floor, leaning over his legs as he rested his arms around his knees.  He could have rested his forehead on them, but he wanted to see Stark's face when he answered.
?" Tony asked, confused.  "I mean, I know I aged gracefully, thanks, but-"
"Steve," he said, figuring it was about time to drop the formalities.
There was a tension in Tony's shoulders that became more pronounced.  "It's supposed to protect him," Tony said, anger just barely hidden under the conversational tone.  "It failed."
Tony was banging at a dent in the chest plate, muttering about insufficient tools as music played from a laptop that was hooked up nearby and had a strange map on it.  Tony had been practically inseparable from the computer, but he never let Steve see it for the most part.  Steve didn't have time to investigate it, because Tony was paler than he should be considering the sun outside, and exhaustion hung about his shoulders no matter how Steve tried to make sure Tony slept.  And now he had to tell Tony they needed to leave.
He told some of his adventures at dinner, as dragons valued stories and art.  It was interesting, retelling his own stories rather than letting Virgil or Pepper do it.  He was no wordsmith, but he could tell a tale well enough, and the dragons that joined them ("Dum-dum isn't really a name," Tony said as Peggy introduced him.  "It suits him," Peggy said as she went on to introduce Gabe.) seemed to enjoy the telling.
"What's wrong with me?" he muttered, rubbing his temples as he tried to focus.  He'd made the first suit in a cave while being tortured.  This should be a piece of cake, so why was his mind running so slowly?
"You're not an enemy," Steve grumbled.  "Just a punk who doesn't like plans."
"No skin off my back," Tony said, holding her arm tighter.
"...I don't want to know what you're talking about."
A small butterfly came into view, orange and black.  Monarch, Steve's mind supplied, recognizing the type immediately from his childhood.  They used to be everywhere this time of year, but Steve hadn't seen many in this time.  He blinked.  Tony was talking to a butterfly?
"Why didn't you tell me it was Tony?" Steve asked, some of his anger abating.  One day Fury would figure out it was Pepper in the suit, and he would love to see the man's face when he realized it, but Steve was hopefully not going to be the one to tell him.  He certainly wasn't going to offer up the information.  Fury raised an eyebrow but didn't press further at Steve's change of subject.
"Hammer's alliance with Vanko," she said, shaking her head.  "The agent in charge of Vanko's file said he would be easily controlled by Justin Hammer and it turned out to be the other way around.  It was a mortal error on his part.  I was ordered to blow my cover and save civilians."
does best.  You're no different from the rest of the country, at any rate."
"Thank God for small mercies," Rhodey said.  "Tony would hate it for SHIELD to know after everything that's happened.  I can't say I'm all that comfortable with the idea myself, but if Fury's kept the secret this long, I guess we can keep trusting him.  Thanks for keeping quiet to the rest of the team.  Tony needs to tell them himself that he's Iron Man."
Tony closed his eyes and sat back down on the dais.  While this could have a
He opened his mouth and Steve's breath caught.  Then Tony snapped it shut and shook his head, knocking Steve's hand away.  "I can't," Tony repeated, and Steve could see his fingers shaking.  "The risk is too high.  The more people that know, the more things go wrong. Don't ask again."
Instead he smiled at Tony, ruffling his hair.  "I'm proud," Steve repeated.  "I know it's a hard choice."
"He was afraid he'd just make things worse," Iron Man said.  "He even kicked me out of the workshop."
Because it was something he couldn't have, no matter how much he needed it.
Steve stared at him in shock.  It had only been four days since they got back and most of it Tony had either been working with Bruce or holed up in his workshop.  Had Tony been working on it before, or had he been forgoing sleep to get it done?  Steve wasn't a betting man, but he knew where to place his money, sadly.  "That's very kind of him."
"What?"
"You honestly fell for a girl named
"Are all humans this jumpy?" the blue dragon... what had Peggy called him?  Steve.  Steve said warily, folding his wings but watching him closely.
"Such wedded bliss," Kor'la'vin said, watching with interest.  "Wipe his memories now, and I'll consider it.  And remember, I'm watching your codes for any tricks you might pull."
"The last 'dragon' you fought was a human who was dressed like a lizard and sensationalized in your stories," she said, then turned to the blue dragon leaving Tony baffled as to how she knew that.  "And you-" That name-feeling from before was repeated again.  "Attacking first when he's already wounded!  What good does killing him do?"
Steve lowered his head to the ground, soft pleasure rolling off him in waves.  "They're not that good," he said hesitantly.
"I..." She said, opening her eyes as she tried to push Shadow1's face away, returning to the bright colors of the HUD.  "I have to try."
"And you don't either, I get it," Tony said, feeling like a child again as he rolled over to avoid the conversation.  "How do you even know about-"
Tony was about to reply when Sharon poked at Tony's pant leg with one of her claws.  "What are these... clothes?" she asked.  "Why do you have them?"
Steve felt his hands turn to fists, anger directed inwardly.  "That was a team failure," he said, slipping into his command voice.  "And we've done all we can to make sure that mistake doesn't repeat itself."
"I'll start getting the jet ready then," Tony said, shaking his head.  "I have to take the armor back to fix it anyway.  I'll-"
"Thanks," Steve said dryly, because as strange as Vision found humanity, he certainly hadn't lost the sharp wit that Tony had given JARVIS.
"Tony..."  Steve reached out with his good hand to touch Tony's shoulder.  "Tell me what's going on.  Why are you making a machine that will kill you?"
"Alright," Steve said, since Fury seemed intent on paying him for the commission.  He suspected there was a bet of some kind at stake, but he couldn't quite figure out what.  The one thing he did know is that Fury made sure he could win before making a bet.  "What kind of drawing do you want?"
"Susan," Tony said, his voice low and urgent.
She walked off muttering about the top one percent and Steve was about to follow and correct her when he felt a hand on his shoulder.  "Clint," he growled.  "Did you hear what she-"
"Most monsters don't like the light it gives off," Viper said.  "It reflects the moss's light and is more painful than the moss itself."
.  "Did I do something wrong?" he asked, going through every little thing he'd done in the past three weeks.  Was this about the War Machine drawing he'd done?  Had he misremembered the armor?
"I'm sorry."  Steve's voice was weak and distant, as though they had all those layers of stone and metal still between them.  "That's the best I can do."
"Suzie," he said, and she heard him swallow.   "I don't deserve-"
Steve went quiet after that, and Tony struggled to stay conscious on his own.  A clap of thunder helped, sending a spike of adrenaline through his system. If it was Thor, he wished the Asgardian would make it a bit warmer instead of bringing thunder and lightning.
"Alright," Tony said, worn down by the two dragons.  "I... Let's go back."
"You must survive," Steve said weakly.  Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve, knowing he was holding something back.
"Yeah," Steve admitted, then laughed softly.  "Didn't expect a real life repeat of it though."
"What?" Tony looked up finally, fury in his eyes as he finally met Steve's.
"Bossy," Steve said, running his hands through Tony's tousled hair.
Steve only hoped that they could make it in time.
"And if I said they were captured in Latveria?" Steve spat.
It wasn't much of a kiss.  Tony had definitely done better before, and he was a little ashamed of his technique now.  But he didn't try to gain access or lick his way into Steve's mouth.  Just a gentle brush of his chapped lips against Steve's smooth ones.  It had an intimacy to it that sent shivers down his spine as he pulled away.  It was different from the dream kiss.  It felt...
Leo trailed off, fighting with his new-found temper.  "Leo?" she asked, giving him space.
Steve chuckled, then kissed Tony's temple.  "Okay," he agreed, because it was probably bad form to leave before one's partner had woken up on their first night together, even if it was for a drawing.
He turned back to the suit, staring at it for a moment.  It was made for war.  It always had been.  But he wondered for the first time, what if it had been made for flight?  For exploring, and not for killing people?  He shook his head and stepped into the suit.  He was sweating by the time it wrapped around him, shielding him from the world, but Tony was just a little glad for it.
"It's not working!" Susan replied as Kor'la'vin disappeared yet again.
"What do you-" Leon started.
"Hm?" Steve said around a bite.
Steve moved closer, rubbing his cheek against Tony's.  "I thought you couldn't waste the time?" Steve said, laying his head back in Tony's lap.
The glowing moss made Steve's scales practically glisten in the light.  Tony increased the thrust, not caring that it made breathing a little harder.  The armor wasn't quite advanced enough to copy the aerial flip Steve just did, but he could go higher up than Steve dared to with those big wings of his.  Tony laughed as he touched the cavern ceiling, breaking off a small piece of the crystals that lit up the night sky as he went by.
"I'm here," Tony replied, watching the HUD boot up.  100% power and 95% fuel, magical or other wise.  He refused to think on it further.  "You can hear me?"
"You said this was a bad idea," Tony said as he looked back down.  And it was.  Steve was right.  This whole conversation was only serving as further proof as to why, and Steve hadn't been the only one being too stubborn when they fought.  Steve was just the only one able to admit it, and Tony was all too aware of where that left him.
," Steve said, and there was a bit of sulking in his voice, but he didn't care.
"Is gone."  Steve used his tail to pull Tony closer, claw gently brushing through his hair.  "Tell me about the stars.  Please?  I'd like to hear about the bears again."
"Are you offering to keep me warm?" Tony asked, knowing some subjects were best left untouched.
"Of course, Captain."
There were, thankfully, nothing more than some birds and a few bugs along the way.  He rather suspected that was because Steve had been taking out anything dangerous within flying distance of the gate.  Tony snorted, glad for once about the over-protective streak if it made his journey faster.  The bugs were not biters, though they were annoying as they flew about.  He put thoughts of yellow fever and other diseases out of his mind, hoping the dragons could cure that as well if he did find a biter.
"Magic," Steve agreed cheerfully.  And magic saw fit to make Steve from Brooklyn, of all places.  "I think when I was trying to fix your heart, the magic must have seen the sacrifice.  They say the deep magic works best with sacrifice and you...  Well, Wanda did say there was hope.  I wonder if she knew."
A very grumpy dragon opened one eye to glare at him.  "Go away," Steve said, closing his eye again.
Tony couldn't help how his shoulders hunched inward.  "It wasn't a good time," he said, mostly succeeding in keeping the bitterness out of his words.
"No, I wanted to apologize," Steve said, shaking his head.
"He what?"  Steve felt like he couldn't breathe.  That was not what he was expecting.  Out of all the things she could have said...  Horror swept over him.  "How do you know that?" he demanded.
"Why do you keep trying?" Tony asked.  "Steve, this will never be easy."
"She has a point, Little Bear," Tony said as he administered some kind of drug to Leo.  "Ask Cap.  You programmed him not to lie."
"I..."
"Dance with me," Steve said.
Steve's opponent took her helmet off, her dark skin slicked with sweat and her straightened hair pulled back into a tight bun.  Her face was more gaunt and weary than when Steve had first seen her, but at least she has been sleeping better since Tony got their current base fully operational.  She glared at Tony, who only grinned wider.  "It was eight minutes," Susan said.  "And counting."
Fury slid a picture towards him.  "I assume you recognize the kid."
Steve flinched at the words, taking a step back and putting more weight on his bad leg.  By the way Bruce's concern grew, Steve had probably pulled off it too quickly.  "I'll be fine," he amended, though he didn't know if he was telling that to himself or to Bruce.
It was still a shock.  Steve hadn't had a  lot of time to sit and think about it.  All those times in the library, that had been
Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair.  "It feels like all I've been doing is taking breaks recently."
"Would you?" Steve snapped, unable to control his temper any more.  "Would you actually help?  Because the way things have been going, I don't know if I can trust you."
He rubbed his eyes, the light getting brighter as he did and he winced.  Right.   The crystal was around his wrist.  Moving his hand away, he forced his eyes open.
"Tony, you wouldn't dare-"
"Go 'way," Steve said, his eyelids squeezing further together.
Steve didn't reply at first, and Tony wondered if he was just going to let it drop.  He couldn't decide if it was better to just go back to the status quo.  The status quo hurt like a bitch, but it was better than sitting here waiting for the axe to fall.  They'd tried this dance already, and Tony knew how it ended: going their separate ways once the song finished.
When he got back to the hospital, he knocked on the door to find Tony charming one of the nurses.  "He likes sugar," Tony said, smiling at her.  Steve was starting to classify Tony's smiles and this was definitely the PR version, but the kinder one.  He looked tired still, and Steve wondered how much sleep Tony had gotten on the flight here.  "He won't admit it though, so you'll have to put the sugar in yourself or he'll drink it straight and be cranky for the rest of the day."
Okay, Steve was putting a stop to this.  He pulled Tony closer to him, ignoring Jan's knowing gleam and Tony's confusion as he shifted until he was between them and put his hands on his hips.  He prepared a stern lecture that would stir their patriotic guilt.  "You can't-"
," Sam said reasonably.
The fight was long and hard, but there were no casualties.  On one hand, it relieved Steve to no end that whoever it was may not care if people got hurt, but at least they weren't aiming for the civilian population.  Hitting the botanical gardens on a day it was closed meant it was easy to evacuate.  Though what robots wanted in a botanical garden was worrying him.  It sounded more and more like the robots were drawing the Avengers out, and Steve didn't like the implications of that.  It could also be a distraction, and Steve liked that even less.
"No, but there was some by the gate," Steve said, part of his fear returning.
That might have been stretching the truth a little, because Tony had it on the ropes, but the poor girl looked about to faint and needed the reassurance.  He found himself wishing Rhodey were here.  He was always better at handling panicky civilians.
"Not to us, not directly.  But the chaos clings to him.  He is a nexus of what must come," Wanda said, moving carefully away.  Her tail swished after her as she walked.  "I must consult the mural again."
"Sorry," he said, hoping he wasn't blushing too badly, or if he was, that Tony would take it as embarrassment for being caught.  They were at one of their usual restaurants today, Steve feeling less inclined to branch out with all that was going on.
"But how do you guys even know about Steve?" Tony asked.
I'm an expert on."
"That's what people tell me," Tony quipped, but still didn't look up.
"Hey, boss," he said, worry coming through the mechanized voice.  "You sure gave us a scare with that stunt."
The smile dropped from Tony's face.  "Something's one word for it, considering we've got a Skrull openly running for president of the Interstellar Alliance.  But I think I've got some good news.  I might have found the twins."
Tony Stark.
"Not Bucky," Steve said finally, then shook his head.  "Not entirely, at any rate.  Sam's coming back next week because the lead was a bust, but there's been something else I've been thinking about."
"I'm on an Air Force base, Tony.  I think I can ask if I get stuck," Steve replied.  He did have some experience prepping a plane like the quinjet, but admittedly most of his experience was jumping out of planes or crashing them.  The latter he preferred not to think about.
"It does," Steve said, closing his eyes again.  Iron Man was one of his best friends in this century.  Because of him, Steve was starting to feel like he had a home in this tower, despite still feeling out of place in this time.  He'd failed Bucky.  And in the dream, he failed Iron Man too.  He'd wanted to hurt his best friend so badly that-
"I didn't make that many!" Tony said, flying to avoid a snapping head.
"It does not matter if you believe in magic," Wanda said, though there was no anger about her.  "It is around you in great quantities.  I can see the chaos magic shifting and pulling at everything you touch.  You will cause great disruption of the balance."
For a moment, Steve thought he was going to pull away.  Then Tony crumpled against him.  Steve could feel the small, shallow breaths against his neck as Tony's fingers curled into his shirt.  Steve was torn between anger and sympathy, the latter only winning out with whispered half-apologies against his chest as Tony trembled and gasped.  Steve held him tighter, helplessness replacing the anger.
He looked up to see Tony grinning at him, which he returned with a glare.  "For a genius, you're really dumb, ya know that, Stark?" he said, enjoying his brief revenge when he saw the indignant look in Tony's eyes.
Tony touched her shoulder, immediately immersed.  He was expecting it this time, but that didn't stop his or Steve's surprise.  This time the vision was of them.  It was Steve's thoughts he saw this time, not a stranger's.
Tony sighed, looking down at the table dejectedly.  "I'm going to have to rebuild it entirely tonight.  So much for normal sleep schedules."
"What is it?" Pepper asked.
He'd never seen them dead and defeated before, not even when Tony'd been exhausted and worried about Rhodes.  The fact that Steve had been the one to put that expression there twisted at his stomach and left a knot in his throat that wouldn't dissolve.
Fury gave him a moment to compose himself, watching Tony's still form with an unreadable expression.  "So the bastard knew the whole time," Fury said finally.  When Steve shot him a look of disbelief, Fury shrugged.  "Yeah, I know.  Pot, kettle.  Still, I knew his trust issues ran deep, but this is on a different level.  He didn't tell anyone, did he?"
"You'll stop complaining faster," Steve said, motioning impatiently with his wings.
"Tony-"
"You know about that?" Steve asked in exasperation.  Why did no one tell him these things?
"It wasn't your fault," he said helplessly.  It had been Tony's fault, if it was anyone's.  He'd been trying to brace the support structures to give people time to evacuate.  He hadn't been able to fix the problem fast enough. He should have been able to get it done before the EMP hit and took him out.
Bruce chuckled quietly.  "That wasn't what I said, but you and Iron Man both have a way with twisting my words."
The new weapons in his gauntlets were responding well.  He'd gotten the idea from the orichalcum, but had only just gotten it to work in a way that wasn't entirely hypothetical.  And to think Rhodey had been skeptical of the repulsors.  He'd change his tune when Tony got back.
Steve felt a wide smile breaking across his face, the tension that had been about his shoulders relaxing.  Tony said yes.  "I'll pick you up at seven then."
"Right," Tony said, still not quite believing it.  "Anyway, back to the point, Mr. Deflection.  What are you caught up on?"
Rhodey was quiet for a moment, but when he did speak, it was with an open fondness Tony wasn't expecting.  "I guess sometimes I enjoy a good mess.  And you are, Tony.  You're good.  You make a lot of stupid mistakes some times by keeping things to yourself, but you're a good man and you're my friend."
Tony was surprised to find Sam was talking to him.  "I..."
"You're white as a sheet," Pepper said, touching his forehead to check his temperature before running a hand through his hair.  "What's wrong?"
"And the future, but only to those that can see it," Wanda said, moving to the far end of the wall.  Tony followed after her slowly, not sure if he wanted to see what the future held.
"Nope," she replied, eyes lingering on Bruce.
"  At this, Steve actually sounded distressed and a little afraid.  "
She obviously did not become the CEO of a Fortune 500 company by being unobservant, and her cold tone chilled Steve.  He searched for an appropriate response, but couldn't think of one that didn't start with 'I eavesdropped.'  "I'm not having second thoughts on him," Steve said finally.  Except he was, just not, well,
"You don't love me," Tony said, his voice flat.  If only he'd realized that sooner, instead of letting denial pull him along.
Tony looked like he was about to wave off the camera, but he hesitated.  "One more thing," he said.  "You can't tell Steve anything.  And I do mean anything.  But you can trust him."
Steve pulled back finally, rubbing his forehead. Sulking wasn't going to get him anywhere. "I've been posting some of my art online," he said as he started to unwrap his hands. He really wanted to keep hitting the bag, but the wrap had spots of red on it already. "Someone's been reposting it. They have credit on there, but it still feels really horrible."
"-not the best place to live, but I tried to clean up before coming to rescue you, so don't make fun of me for it," Susan said, looking up at him and Tony with wide eyes.  "He's stirring, but why hasn't he woken up?"
"You fly better than me now, yeah?" Kes continued, taking the helmet where Susan had left it.  "I'm not... I couldn't fight or train while...  so it's yours now.  You deserve the title."
"You do it all the time.  It's just like when you were with Wanda, but I still heard what you said."
Steve shivered and Tony moved closer, taking Steve's hands in his to warm him up.  "The ship I was on went down in the arctic.  I was frozen for a while, but they found me and were pretty surprised I was still alive.  I don't remember much of it, but I remember the cold."
Finally the pain stopped and Tony gulped down deep breaths.  "Steve?" he asked as soon as he could manage.
Kor'la'vin teleported and Rhodey fired another pulse immediately at 130 degrees.  A scream erupted.  Susan turned to see Kor'la'vin fall to the ground, her face obviously a Skrull's now.
"Steve?" Tony asked, his heart nearly stopping before the pump forced it on.
"I know," Steve said, sighing softly as Tony scratched behind his horn.  "We both have reservations about it.  But I'm glad it's you."
"She will be charging the crystal," Wanda replied calmly.  "And if she has remained hidden from us this long, it is unlikely we will find her in time.  We will find her when she seeks us."
Tony made a mental note to ask Peggy about the story later.  And to get her in the same room with Fury, because
She saw the small flinch and how Leo's hand tightened on the cane.  "It's treated me better," Leo said with a lopsided grin that felt forced.  "Sorry for the burden."
Running cleared his mind and released the pent-up energy he had from sitting for so long.  He had gathered a crowd by the time he started to feel tired, but aside from occasionally waving when he heard a cheer, he paid them no mind.
"Release the dragon," Tony said, the sound of the repulsor whining to life next to her ear.
"Yeah," Tony said, holding Steve tighter.  He'd protect Steve this time.  He'd fix things.  "When the War ends..."
Tony had no shame or embarrassment to speak of.  Rhodey had seen worse.  He just grabbed his cup of coffee as Rhodey offered it to him and contemplated other ways to get Steve in trouble.  He sighed into the freshly brewed Americano with great pleasure.
Steve foiled his plans by plucking the tablet out of his fingers and kissing Tony's temple.  "You're late," he repeated, a soft fondness in his voice Tony didn't know what to make of.
At least the door seemed fairly straightforward.  No locks or hidden traps that he could see.  Just the door waiting to be opened and whatever lay on the other side.
Tony was looking at him like he'd grown a second head, and Steve felt a blush creep down his neck.  He rubbed at his forehead, trying not to feel self-conscious and failing.  "I just... feel at ease enough to drift off a bit, I guess," Steve said, which now that he thought about it, was no mean feat.  He'd been in enough battles to know letting his guard down could get him killed.  But with Tony, that wasn't part of his focus, to constantly scan the room, looking for an enemy that wasn't there.
"You'll figure something out," Steve said, giving one particular knot an extra bit of attention.  Tony groaned, leaning back to get more of the touch.
There was a picture on the front, but it wasn't of a baseball player.  It was a man in a ridiculous costume with a cowl that obscured his face and had wings on the side of it.  The whole outfit was red, white, and blue - a walking patriot of Old Glory.  He had a shield with a silver star surrounded by the same colors.  A single star.
"Got a promise to keep to an old friend," Fury said.  "Did anyone ever tell you who the handler for Iron Man was when he first appeared?"
Sam looked over at him, slowly detangling himself from Steve as he made his way to Tony.  "We met briefly before, but I'm-" Crimson, white, onyx.  Soaring phoenix in the sky.  Flexible as branches swaying in the wind, but sturdy as the roots buried deep in the ground.  "But Peggy told me to say my name is Sam."
"Steve?" Tony said, trembling at the name-feeling.  It was like Steve had taken a piece of his soul and named him with it, and the thought of anyone knowing him that well shook him to the core.
"I... Yeah.  Thanks, JARVIS," Steve said, slowly unwrapping the gauze and folding it to throw out later.  He dropped off his gym bag in his room then headed to the kitchen, acutely feeling how empty the Tower was.  Usually someone came along and forced a protein bar on him after about four hours.  Usually Bruce or Iron Man would...
Steve winced. He'd been afraid of that question. "I didn't like it very much."
"No, but there is one you report to.  Will you tell them about this place, or is that one of your secrets?" Steve asked.
Iron Mouse was drawn in a normal suit, curled up against Captain Americat's belly.  The picture gained more notes than Steve thought it would, in addition to several comments about the smug, possessive smirk the cat wore.
"I caused them," Tony said.
It was way more intimate with another human.  Tony told himself very firmly now was not the time.  He cleared his throat and Steve pulled back.  Tony didn't know if he was relieved or disappointed.
He didn't have time to wonder again how the hell he'd gotten to the bottom of all that without killing himself, though he suspected magic on Viper's part which he could resent later.  He flew through the stone temple and made his way to the metal stairs, which he was forced to take slowly.  He was still nearly knocked down as the stair well shook.
"Yeah, nothing.  And that's why you're as red as a hot rod."
There were at least twenty robots left, but they went down surprisingly easy.  Steve was starting to get a bad feeling about all of this.  He decapitated the last robot with his shield, then waited, holding ready until the parts disappeared like normal.
Steve dropped to the ground with a groan, unable to break his fall.  Over the roaring in his ears Steve could hear Kang screaming instead, and he forced his head up to see the same electricity that had been attacking Steve now on the other man.
"You're insane," Tony said, hardly believing it even as Steve kept up a stubborn stream of affection and love.  "And you're going to get a headache if you keep that up.  You're not a dragon anymore, remember?"
"'Meet you down in the lobby,' you said."  Amusement laced Steve's voice, not anger, which surprised Tony.  "I should have known that you'd be up here getting lost in your work."
"Sure," Tony said casually, though he hadn't stopped trembling.  "What's the worst that could happen?"
It was cold when he woke up.  Steve was always cold without him.  Would he be cold without Steve?  He curled tighter around himself as the rocks started to fall.  The noise was what woke him up, but he ignored it.   It didn't matter.
"I thought that was a greeting used for courting," Steve said, a half smile quirking at his lips that Tony fell a little in love with.  He was going to have to start categorizing Steve's smiles, and he wondered how they'd compare with his dragon expressions.
A gasp drew Steve's eyes away from the reactor to Tony's face.  Brown eyes were now wide open, and Tony's chest started to rise and fall.  Relief hit him so hard that Steve's knees felt weak, and he leaned into the chair to keep up right.
at being her love interest...
"I'll stick with the herbs," Tony said, trying not to be intrigued by the name of the creature.  He really didn't need his digestive track being turned to stone.
"So you're asking me to trust you?" Steve asked.  It was too little, too late.  If Tony or Iron Man had come to him at the start of this, it might have been different.  But now...
"Doesn't sound like a nice dream."  And Steve had obviously seen it.  Part of him wanted to end the conversation.  The other part was more than a little mortified, and he wanted to know what he'd done in the dream.
"We have incoming," Steve said, tracing the inside of Tony's wrist.  He brought Tony's hand up and kissed the palm, feeling Tony sigh next to him.
"Down there, yes," Tony replied.  "Up here, it's a bit too cold.  You wouldn't happen to have any blankets?"
"I know," Steve said, managing a weak smile. "Thanks."
"We could always spar and get rid of some of that excess energy?" Cap said finally.
Steve schooled his expression into a smile and sat up straighter, hiding his pain and his exhaustion.  He looked up to see a very concerned Bruce Banner.  He was still shirtless, but he had found some pants that fit and his glasses.  "Are you alright?" he asked.
" Steve said.  Tony started, looking around for Steve before he remembered the bond.  Damn, the headache was getting worse if he couldn't even remember that.
Peggy's nostrils went round in what Tony assumed was draconic body language for smiling.  She moved a little ways off, then returned to Tony with a sturdy looking-branch.  He took it gratefully.  "You will not believe me, I see," Peggy said.  "I'll just have to take you so you can understand for yourself."
"Careful, John Holmes.  That sounds like a date," Tony said, still flicking through Steve's phone.
Steve looked away as Fury left, slumping until he was resting his head in his arms, close to Tony on the bed, but not touching.  He couldn't tell if the noise he made after that was a laugh or a sob, but Steve figured it might be a little of both.
"They've already made an Avengers movie without me, and movies about "Stephan", "Antonio", Thor, who they can actually use the name since they claim it's truer to the mythological roots, and the "Rage".  Not one single female hero movie," Jan said, crossing her arms over her chest.  "I'm not even in the new cartoon!"
"You're back!  Is that the human everyone is talking about?" the dragon asked, her voice young.
"I'd like to actually sit down and talk with him," Steve said, rubbing his forehead.  "But when I talk to JARVIS, I always get the answer that Mr. Stark is a very busy man and that his appointments are all booked."
caves.  He blinked, seeing Yinsen's face in the darkness as helplessness washed over him.  Steve's voice was a gentle litany in his ear as he calmed down though, grounding him in the present.  It was weird, and Tony held on to that strangeness as his heart beat slowed.
one reblogger said with a heart emote.
in ways that Kes would laugh at him for.  Awkward didn't even begin to cover it, slightly removed ancestor or not.
"Nothing happened.  I asked you to get out," Tony bit back.
"I suppose that must seem pretty strange," Tony said, hiding a grin.
"He's a dumb ass too sometimes," Sam said with open amusement.  "But Steve is also special.  You know that, right?"
The former won out because he'd end up giving more away if he had to listen to the details.  "I'm fine," he repeated with a shrug.
He heard a couple of pops and cracks that had to be Steve stretching.  "Colonel Rhodes, would you mind if I spoke to Tony for a minute?" Steve asked after a short period of silence.
"I've never lived anywhere else," Steve admitted quietly, and Tony could feel a light bit of shame that came from comparing himself to Tony's travels, which baffled Tony.  There was also a fear in Steve's voice that Tony hated, and an acceptance that Tony refused to believe.  "If the city falls-"
Iron Man went completely still, and Steve's heart fell.  "I can't feel that, ya know," he said, a hesitance to the mechanized voice that Steve didn't hear very often.
"Still here, Winghead," Tony muttered, forcing his eyes open.  He could do that much at least, keep Steve company as long as he could, even with the cold and concussion telling him he wanted to sleep.
"Not very convincing there," Steve said dryly.
"Go on, kiddo.  Hit the showers.  I'll fill you in once you're done and Cap can drill you on your planing skills," Tony said, lightly tracing his finger down Steve's arm in reassurance.  "We've still got a week before the transfer."
Steve just wanted this day to end.
Sam's nostrils flared in open amusement.  "And I take it Peggy knows this?"
"Have you tried Doctor Doom?" Steve asked.
Tony looked down, frustrated.  She was right.  The dragons knew the land better than he did and if Viper wanted to stay hidden...  He didn't even know if she'd return to the temple or to a new hide out, one less flashy that she hadn't lead Tony right to.  "I'm sorry," Tony said.  "This is all my fault."
"Healers?" Tony asked skeptically as he looked around for another walking stick since he'd lost his other one in the fight.  Either she meant a doctor and Tony already knew time was the best healer for his particular injuries, or herbs that were generally more of a placebo than anything.  Rhodey was great with herbs, but Tony was much more skeptical of eastern medicine that practiced that sort of thing.
He jumped, raising his hand to fire the repulsors.  "Easy," Steve said, rubbing his cheek against Tony's, the touch that set Tony off and startled him, but now Steve was sending calming thoughts that were amplified by the touch.
"Steve," Tony said, and he accepted Steve's hand up.  He let go once he was upright, but before Steve could turn to leave, Tony's hands were on his shoulders and pulling him down for a bruising kiss.
Steve smiled at him, reaching out to touch his cheek.  Tony's breath caught as Steve's fingers traced their way down Tony's goatee.  "I was always so afraid my claws would hurt you when I was a dragon.  And now...  Half of my memories are telling me this is normal, the other half..."
"Okay, you're sulking worse than usual," Natasha said as she walked in the common room.  "What is it this time?  Tony cancelled lunch or Sam with bad news about Bucky?"
Tony was not ashamed to say he yelped.  "You pinched me!"
Steve claimed Tony's lips again as he carefully lowered him down, memorizing the feel of Tony's smile against his.
"I'd like that," Steve said, though it sounded like he knew it was an empty promise.
,' Steve wanted to say, but again, he couldn't quite find the voice.  "Nothing really important.  Sorry, just..."
the first few missions she had tackled on her own.  She'd only thrown up the first time, but she still hated it.
"Meet me in the kitchens after you've cleaned up," Rhodey replied, giving him a short wave as he left.
Neither of them felt cold.
Steve grabbed his wrist. "You need rest, Tony.  I'm surprised you're still able to think at this point."
Okay, so he was vain, but only if you talked to Pepper or Rhodey.
That didn't make sense.  Rhodey and Pepper didn't even know Steve.  How could they be telling him Steve died before he'd gone down?  He was stunned to silence as Pepper and Rhodey chatted in concern over his head.
"You can't," Steve repeated, motioning to the mouth of the cave.  "You go out there and you won't come back."
Steve found himself furious again, but this time not at Stark.  He hated the words coming out of Stark's mouth, hated even more the people who caused that outlook on life.  He didn't know what to say to that.  'Sorry' felt too empty and meaningless.  He wanted to reach out, but he didn't know how to comfort Stark after that.
He hesitated.  He did have the War to get back to, but...  "It'd be my pleasure, and I'll make sure it can't be traced back to you," Tony said.  He couldn't just leave a woman to hide in this temple of hers without any protection.  At least with the crystal, she shouldn't have to hide so much.  It wasn't like he could really help Fury from down here, at any rate.
"It looks like just a slight bone fracture and some muscles that need mending," Sharon said, ignoring his pass once she controlled her laughter.  "I should be able to do it."
"That and when I asked Iron Man about it, he just shrugged.  There was always something strange between him and Coulson.  Not animosity, but it was hard to put a finger on," Bruce replied.
"You were right.  I was being too clingy," Steve said.  "I asked Kestrel to make a few changes.  I'll stay out of your space now unless you want me there."
"Yup, let's do it," Tony said, drawing Steve's hand up to his mouth and kissing his knuckles in a way that sent Steve's stomach into flips.
"To bed," Steve said, motioning to the end of the dais where he usually put his head.
Tony's free hand went to his gun, but Viper stopped him.  "Don't move, or I'll finish the dragon off," she said, and he heard the click of a gun.
"You sure you don't mean Iron Man?" Tony snorted.
There was still that undercurrent of anger he felt from Steve as well.  Tony looked at the low glow of the city's crystals in the distance. He promised to show Steve the stars and now...  now he'd messed everything up.
this man, computer program or no.  He took Tony's hand again, kissing the ring he gave Tony so many years ago.  Each wrinkle and white hair only served to remind Steve of the reverence he still felt when remembering Tony was
Steve drew a quick picture of Vision and Wanda. Vision wasn't quite right, but Wanda had come out pretty well. He hadn't gotten the hang of coloring on the tablet yet, which might be what was off about Vision.
