“Son, I am an
“But- Tony you’re
Their little evening of fun had started far earlier in the day. The team had a press event to attend, followed by a lovely dinner and dancing, with a live jazz swing band and everything. It was mostly political elbow-rubbing, and by the tail end of the evening, all the important people and press had left, leaving mostly the team, “Avengers by extension” as Tony affectionately called them (also known as his “super-friends,” courtesy of Happy, and hey, Matt Murdock could Lindy-Hop his way around a dance floor better than Tony, so of course he was invited), and various SHIELD staff that they hung around. It was kind of fun, actually, dancing and getting stupid with friends, without having to “behave.”
Tony pulled into the underground garage and tapped a few commands into his phone, muting Jarvis and disabling a few security fields that Steve had requested, then tossed the phone on the dash with a grin.
“Tony, this is really good,” he finally said, and Tony grinned.
want to write. Steve, I’m telling you right now this is the best laptop that currently exists in the world, and I really
“All right, my darling. Four more times it is,” Tony whispered, smiling against Steve’s lips as Steve enveloped him in his arms.
“Yeah?”
Tony opened the door, stumbling out of the car in enough haste that he left his phone on the dash. He headed upstairs, finding himself pressed in the corner of the elevator as he slipped into the right frame of mind, his fingers trembling a bit from the spike of adrenaline. When the door opened, he paced about the living room for a bit, growing antsy when a minute passed, then five, then ten. As he built up the fantasy, the scene in his mind, his body followed, and the adrenaline began to feel like a knot of anxiety in his stomach, and he ended up perched stiffly on the edge of the couch when the elevator opened and Steve strode in, all authority and thunderous expression.
"What if it's not a new ability?" Maggie bit her lip. "Maybe it needs to be MADE visible. What if you can't send it back to where it's from...because it's not all the way here? What if it's stuck in a sort-of half-way space. Like the mirror dimension. That's why you can't fully get rid of it, not ALL of it's here."
Steve put Peter down and hugged Tony, kissing his cheek. "Don't antagonize the man."
Maggie's mind was blank. "Is that the pretty horse who likes sugar?"
Maggie pursed her lips. "I can't remember."
Peter knew he had a fantastic family. He knew it wouldn't be held back forever, but for now, he could focus on trying to recover.
"Well, you did amazing, Peter."
"You're welcome, my favorite baby elephant nephew." She responded without a single hitch and ruffled his hair. "You should get some rest. Tomorrow is a school day."
Dr. Strange rolled his eyes. "I'm a human, believe it or not." He strode down the stairs. "She's fine, Wong. But if her husband ever comes through that door, attack first ask questions later." He insisted.
It was...actually comforting to hear. "Thank you."
Probably the only way out. She shivered. She didn't really want to kill anyone. She focused on Peter then. Could she get him out? Could he get out on his own? That answer came quickly. He DID get out alone... She frowned. He was going to leave her. She understood though. She'd done the same thing, once, left someone behind to save herself. Of course, she hadn't known that her mother was already dead at that point, but still...she'd left someone to protect herself before. She understood it. And Peter'd have no way to tell if she was real or not, no sure way to know if she was trustworthy or real. She hadn't been screaming for a while. But she knew they were playing audio to him. They beat the shit out of her for not screaming anymore. Peter wouldn't believe she was real, she didn't fault him for that.
Maggie hung up and looked at the bag she had packed. "He's just making sure I don't die." That was all this was. A doctor making sure a patient didn't get an infection while left unattended for a few days. That's all. She just needed to stay small and out of the way. He had better things to be doing.
"No. It's not a toy, Margaret, and it's not some magic power-up for you to use when you're stuck." Dr. Strange rubbed his temples. "You are plenty strong on your own. And with focus and training, you can get better, I know you can."
“Tony…” Steve whispered between breathless kisses. “I think, I mean all this time, I wouldn’t let myself believe, I- I am. I mean. I do.”
“Steve-“
Natasha laughed this time, softly, but with a bit of relief.
“I’m back, sweetheart,” he murmured, sitting again and taking Tony’s limp hand in his as he sat in the chair. This time, instead of praying, he spoke to Tony in a low, gentle voice, hoping his words would get into the fog that kept Tony from waking.
Steve laced their fingers together, stroking the knuckles of Tony’s armored right hand.
“Steve, what are you- Steve you’re hurting me!” Tony grunted, trying to push up, but Steve planted his hand on the back of Tony’s neck.
“Tony? What is it?” Steve asked, his brow furrowed and his tone completely changed, back to his gentle, loving self.
It hadn’t even happened in a battle. It hadn’t happened while Tony swooped gracefully through the sky, golden repulsors slicing through the air like lightning as he fought to keep people safe. It hadn’t happened while Steve struggled with the enemy on the ground and worried constantly about seeing a red and gold streak free-falling to the pavement below.
“Well you know, if you don’t have anything and you’re stuck, you could always start by writing a scene in a coffee shop. Make the barista devilishly handsome and madly in love with the main character, who is a Brooklyn hipster writer with a bad attitude and a heart of gold,” Tony said, and slyly slipped a cup of something frothy and sweet onto Steve’s table. By the time Steve realized what Tony had just said, Tony was already behind the bar again.
“Nothing,” Steve replied, his grin just as broad. Tony’s bright smile seemed to erase all the frustration of the last three days.
a tech guy. And not in a hobby sort of way. Like, in a let me fix your shitty computer sort of way. You are personally hurting my feelings by using that thing in my presence,” Tony said. Steve immediately hugged his computer to his chest.
This was unexpected, and Tony felt a little spike of fear. Playing in their own home was one thing, but playing in the rest of the tower, where the others lived?
“I-I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony said, his brow furrowing, easily and eagerly diving into the scene that Steve had set. “I didn’t-“
“Never thought you’d be so cheap, Tony,” Steve grunted, his breaths quickening. “Poor little rich boy, crying for help because his husband wants some attention. No one is going to help you, you ought to know that. You belong to me. I fucking
“Nat, he isn’t hurting me, okay? Jesus fucking Christ, this couldn’t be more embarrassing,” he muttered, his cheeks heating as he gave her a glare. “It’s all consensual. Consensual non-consent. A rape fantasy. We’ve been planning it for ages.” She did not look convinced.
“Don’t even think about trying to bite me. If I feel even a scrape of teeth, I’m gonna fucking knock them out of your skull,” Steve said, and Tony nodded, his eyes already welling up involuntarily just from the grip in his hair and the emotions ripping through him as his body tried to decide if this was real or not. Without preamble, Steve removed his fingers and shoved his thick, unfairly long cock into Tony’s mouth, and holding him rigid by the hair and the jaw, Steve thrust forward hard until Tony’s nose was pressed against Steve’s well-groomed, blond pubic hair.
“I can’t go again,” Tony protested weakly, a tired smile pulling at his lips as Steve brushed his fingertips up Tony’s inner thigh, tracing idle patterns in the dip of his thigh, until Tony laughed at the tickling, pushing Steve’s hand away. Steve only resumed his lazy touching, kissing Tony’s shoulder, laying against his side as if he were made to fit there.
How close had they-
Steve was so proud of Tony (always so proud), and sat in the front row smiling up at him, while the press around him hung on Tony’s every word and laughed at his flirtatious banter. Tony was at ease in his bespoke suit of dove gabardine, casually leaning one elbow against the podium as he explained how the corps of engineers would be able to implement clean energy in disadvantaged areas so people could have continual water filtration and emissions-free heat, while sustainably rebuilding their communities. It really was a brilliant system, and could change the world as they knew it for the better.
“You all right over here?” Tony asked, sitting across the table from Steve again, another drink in hand that Steve completely ignored. Steve shook his head, his damn eyes prickling in frustration.
“I want you to feel every inch of my cock, but I won’t hesitate to knock you out and fuck you unconscious if you don’t stop it,” Steve said, and Tony kicked, his toes just barely touching the ground. Steve spit in his face the way Tony had done, dropped him, and grabbed his ankle again, and dragged him to the elevator as Tony thrashed and shouted for help. On the short ride down, Steve filled Tony’s throat with cock, holding him there once again until the doors opened, and dragged him out by the hair and a subtle helping hand under the arm since Tony was light-headed and unsteady as he sucked in air.
Eventually he heard the heavy door open, and he recoiled from the gust of cooler air, curling away from it, but delighting in Steve’s return.
“Help! Someone- some- Steve, don’t fucking do this! You’re out of control, you don’t- this isn’t you!” Tony shouted, his heart racing in earnest as pain started to bloom from his knees and shoulder where he’d hit the ground. He pushed backwards across the floor, away from Steve, who fucking stalked him like a lion playing with its food.
“I don’t want another word out of you,” Steve growled, going to Tony and hauling him up on his knees by the hair, gripping his jaw with the other. Tony scrabbled at the hand in his hair, trying to get his balance under him, but Steve kept him stumbling. “You acted like a fucking slut all night long, so I’m going to treat you like a fucking slut. Now open,” Steve said as he unzipped his pants and pulled out his already granite-hard cock, but Tony pressed his lips together with a strained sound, trying to turn his face away. Steve slapped his cheek sharply, and it startled a gasp out of Tony, and Steve took the opportunity to jam his thumb against Tony’s cheek to force it between his teeth and get his jaw open wider. When it was open enough, he thrust his fingers in Tony’s mouth, shoving them across his tongue until he gagged.
Immediately the mood lightened marginally. The others murmured in relief, making plans to take turns keeping Tony entertained while he healed, and to have Rhodey step in for Iron Man while Tony was grounded. They bitched roundly about the press and paparazzi already gathered around the hospital, waiting for them like vultures to catch a soundbite. Steve was silent through it all, staring at his laced fingers and white knuckles, until Sam nudged his shoulder good-naturedly.
_________________________
“I’m sorry. I- no one else knows. I didn’t mention it. I just thought something seemed off at the party, and then I overheard him talking to you behind the curtain, and it sounded bad so I followed you home. I figured Jarvis would tell me if there was something wrong, but he didn’t answer, and then- Tony, god I could hear your screams down the stairwell, it sounded like you were dying, and it took forever to find which floor…”
“Hey. None of that now,” Tony said, his usual quips about getting emotional not feeling quite right anymore. He smiled, tipping Steve’s chin up, kissing him again, forever grateful that he would have the rest of his life to do so. “We’re retired now. A couple of old men, playing chess in the park every morning over coffee and cronuts. I’m gonna be all better soon, and then you’d better watch out. You’ll get tired of me. Might even call me clingy,” he said with a playful grin. Steve scoffed.
Steve…” Tony panted, and Steve was pushing his sweater over his head, messy, fervent, illicit. They recklessly risked being heard or seen, risked never seeing each other again if caught, but they were starving for each other and weak against the pull of hunger. Tony dragged Steve backwards, until he bumped into the dusty dining table, still scattered with yellowed, abandoned papers. Steve pressed against him until Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s hips. Tony hungered, crying out softly when Steve’s grip was too hard.
“Can someone please turn that shit off?” he finally muttered miserably, jerking his chin in the direction of the wall mounted TV across the room, where a 24-hour news channel on low volume played continual coverage of the shooting, identifying the shooter who was now in custody, speculating on the dire state of Tony’s condition and if he’d live through it, showing Tony covered in blood, his face stunned and mouth gasping for air as he fell from the stage. Steve saw himself in the footage, scrambling onstage what seemed like eons after Tony was shot. He could have gotten there sooner, he could have at least caught Tony so he wasn’t quite as hurt…
“I promise I’ll make it up to you, my love,” Steve whispered, then released Tony and stepped back. Tony blinked, his eyes refocusing, his bones liquid and unsteady, his skin electric. It was a fervent promise and a delightsome threat, and Steve’s steady gaze only ignited him further.
Gluttony
“You said-“
“Me too. It’s hard to imagine that I won’t be able to take it off. At least I can still feel your touch.” Tony brought Steve’s hand to his lips and kissed his palm, and his armored hand was as warm as his skin. He would never have use of his right arm again, after the snap. He was lucky that between extremis and the nanotech, he could use the armor as a prosthetic arm on that side. The burns on his neck and face were still healing, he had permanently lost hearing in his right ear, and the vision in his right eye was a little fuzzy and probably always would be.
He took comfort in the words, his lips moving silently as he recited the Hail Mary, pleading for her intercession on Tony’s behalf.
“He isn’t- he’s not… paralyzed, is he?” Steve breathed, immediately in fear that the bullet had gone through Tony’s spine, severing the nerves. He was already reeling, his breath quickening. Tony’s spirit would be
“What else did you have planned for him?” she hissed, but backed up to the bag, dug through it one-handed, and returned to Tony with a knife with which to cut the cables. As soon as Tony was free, he stumble-crawled unsteadily to Steve, who reached down and helped him stand, a strong arm around his waist. Tony clung to Steve, wobbly on his feet, but angled himself clearly in front of Steve to indicate to Natasha that she would get to him through Tony’s dead body. She was undeterred, and Tony knew that no matter where he stood, she’d be able to put a bullet between Steve’s eyes before he even registered the gunshot.
Tony pulled Steve a little closer, crossing his leg so that his ankle rested against Steve’s shin.
“Something on your mind?” Tony asked quietly. Steve didn’t say anything, but shifted so that they were nearly chest to chest, the blue light glowing between them, illuminating their small world.
“Good. And now that you’ve moaned all over my drink within earshot of at least half my customers, you wanna tell me what you’re writing in here, all day, every day?”
They fooled around with the idea for a long while, starting slow with Steve holding Tony down a little more firmly than usual, Tony urging him to use a bit more of his strength to pin him in bed. Steve took to the rough talk so easily that Tony could have melted into the sheets, almost in disbelief that his charming, sweet-talking husband could spit such delightfully venomous filth. They got rough with each other, and every time they tried it, it was better than the last, until Tony said one night that he wanted to do it for real. Plan it out and everything. Steve just looked at him, drinking him in like he somehow thought he was the lucky one in this relationship, and sighed a breathless “yes, god please, Tony.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Steve? We came as soon as we heard, I-“ Natasha paused, taking in the blood all over him and his shell-shocked expression.” Jesus, Steve… Have you heard anything yet?” she said, her face pinched and worried. Steve looked at her blankly for a moment, then shook his head.
reached around to touch Tony’s cock, he only got three strokes in before Tony was crying out through one of the most blindingly intense orgasms he’d ever had in his life. He went fully limp, trembling, blitzed out and fuzzy around the edges, hanging by the cables around his wrists and Steve’s bruising hands on his hips. And when he caught his breath, Steve was filling him with cum again. Tony called for help, but his voice was weak, and other than his sobs, he fell quiet.
“I- he’s in a neck brace, my heart just stopped… I thought he’d been paralyzed,” Steve whispered. “But Helen said she just didn’t want him turning his head and twisting out the stitches.” He relayed what Dr. Cho had told him, having to pause now and then for deep breaths, but he managed to get himself under control and put on a grim, determined face. It was the face of their captain staring down a long battle, not the face of a husband hurting over his beloved. They all looked up when they heard the waiting area door open.
Steve slowly took the drink, sipping out of the straw after Tony and boldly holding his gaze as he did so, making sure to lick his lips after in a surge of defiance, despite his ridiculous blush.
” he mumbled desperately. Did he just lose his entire fucking novel? Was his beast of a laptop finally dead? Dammit, he couldn’t afford another, he couldn’t afford the repair costs, he couldn’t afford-
Steve pulled his computer toward him defensively.
_______________________________
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve, nuzzling at him until he could catch Steve’s lips in a tender kiss.
“Um.”
Tony was crying true tears in earnest now, tears mixing with blood and snot and cum to run disgustingly down his face and chin, and he was distantly aware of his choking sobs echoing in the concrete room filled with hard surfaces. The effect only served to compound the reality of the fantasy, and Tony found himself shaking, trembling as overwhelming sensations ravaged through him. Tony curled on the floor against the wall, barely upright.
Steve returned a weak smile, but his hands still trembled. A bullet to the
“It happened so fast, I couldn’t- I didn’t even see anything, and then- he fell, and I didn’t-“ Steve mumbled, his breath getting faster, and Sam reached out, his hand grounding and warm as he rubbed Steve’s shoulder.
“I tried to call your phone and you didn’t answer, and Jarvis isn’t responding.”
“Whatcha writing?” Tony asked, grazing his hand down Steve’s arm as he came around the table. Steve shut the beautiful, streamlined laptop and beamed up at Tony.
“All right. But just- just promise me you won’t go snooping around,” Steve said vaguely, looking up at Tony with big, blue puppy dog eyes of his own, and the tiniest smirk played on the corner of his lips when Tony looked like he fell right off the edge of a cliff and into Steve’s eyes.
“Nat! What the fuck did you do, follow us? Oh my god. I want to die. It’s not- would you stop and listen to me? It’s not what it looks like-“
- come to losing Tony? The words
________________________________
God, who was he kidding? He was a shit writer.
There was a quiet moment where they just enjoyed looking at each other before Tony jerked his chin towards the corner of Steve’s notebook.
“Steve…” Tony breathed, the word wet and choking, and he clutched at Steve’s shirt with his bloody hand with surprising strength. Steve’s heart raced. Tony’s pupils were two different sizes, unfocused. Concussed.
“Are you all right? You really do look like shit,” Steve murmured, wrapping his warm, strong, protective arms around Tony and helping him hold a water bottle steady enough to take a long drink from.
“I can’t pay for that, I only have 73 cents,” Steve said, ashamed. Tony made a flippant gesture of brushing it off.
Tony turned his head slightly and gave Steve a curt nod, and Steve kissed his temple.
Rhodey jumped up and went to the TV, not even bothering to find the off button, and just yanked the cord out of the wall a little too violently. He returned to his spot beside Steve, and silently offered Steve a box of tissues. Steve grunted gratefully and took a handful, wiping his splotchy face and wet eyes and blowing his nose.
“Please… Steve, I can’t take any more, I’m so sorry, I promise I’ll be good… Please don’t hurt me anymore…” Tony mumbled, his voice a cracked, broken thing, still wet with barely-dried sobs, but Steve said nothing. He heard a whispered curse, but nothing else. He fully jumped when he felt a gentle touch comb through his hair, and sucked in a sharp, fearful breath. While part of it was for the game, the other part was genuine startle, his body still prickling with energy and hyper-sensitivity.
“Still with me?” Tony said, and Steve realized he’d been staring dreamily like an asshole.
“Tony!” he breathed. “What is- this isn’t my computer!” The casing was a silvery aluminum, rather than black, beat-up, duct-taped plastic. It was thin and light and bright and beautiful and Steve swore he could feel it thrumming with power. Tony tapped Steve’s nose with his index finger.
Steve said, trying to edge around Dr. Cho, his eyes fixed determinedly on the door, only to be stopped again, this time with a little shove.
“How long, Tone?” Rhodey asked, cutting over Sam. Tony smiled, his eyes on Steve.
“Color?” Steve growled, his voice low, and Tony coughed, glancing briefly over his shoulder.
Steve blanched. Tony was always filled with life. Vitality. He was vivid and loud and charming and a whirlwind of constant motion and brilliant thought and crackling energy, even in his brooding silences. He bled life into everyone around him, and all Steve could think of was how Tony had bled his life right out onto the floor of the conference room.
she said, and Tony sighed, gently pushing her hand away before she could brush the hair off his face.
“Man, you really played up the husbands thing in there,” Sam said. “Total commitment to the cover, had them goddamned convinced.”
“C’mere. The oatmeal can wait,” Tony said softly, pulling back the covers. Ever since the snap, his stomach still couldn’t handle much more than oatmeal and broth, and yet another meal of mush wasn’t all that appetizing. Steve thankfully indulged Tony, crawling back into bed with him. “Careful…” Tony murmured, shifting so that Steve nestled against his left side, not his right.
Steve vaulted up onto the stage, just as Tony crumpled and stumbled backward, collapsing off the back of the platform and falling some six or more feet into a jumble of tables and sound equipment. Steve couldn’t get to him in time, and his gut turned to ice when he heard two sickening cracks.
“Tony! God, wake up! C’mon, you gotta- gotta-“ Steve shouted, trying to check Tony’s pulse, until he was dragged away forcibly by several paramedics who obviously struggled against Steve’s strength and stubborn determination not to leave Tony’s side.
When he pulled away, he kept Tony’s hand in his and continued to talk to him, sweet memories of their first “real” date, and almost getting caught making out in the gym locker room, and the stupid and precious flower crowns that Jarvis had surreptitiously ordered from a florist for Steve and Tony’s wedding, when Tony had told him they were skipping town to get married upstate.
Steve’s laptop made an abrupt and alarming buzzing sound, then with a horrible, mechanical crunch, and the screen went dark.
“Nothing. I mean, nothing that- I can’t- I mean it’s just the usual…” Steve screamed internally and wanted to die. “I like your coffee shop a lot,” he finally said lamely. Tony laughed again, and Steve just sighed quietly to himself. Tony’s eyes were like honey, and they crinkled at the edges when he laughed. He had a few silver hairs in his goatee, and Steve would bet money that Tony dyed it. He imagined making fun of him, sitting on the bathroom counter, while Tony brushed dye into his whiskers, a towel draped around his neck…
Sloth
“I’m going to fucking kill him. Tony, I knew something was up, I fucking knew it, but I never thought he was like
“Oh god…” Steve mumbled, stumbling to his feet and lurching to the bathroom, where he barely made it to the toilet before throwing up everything he’d eaten in the last year. He slumped on his knees when he was done, tears streaming as he spit into the toilet.
"Oh, honey. You're vanilla next to me." Wade said, swinging his legs. "And I really don't like mother fuckers who hurt kids."
She finished quickly and sat at the bar with him, listening.
"Hey, Petal, you okay? Mags?"
"Take your time, Pete."
Ya'll have been amazing. I know I haven't responded to every comment like I normally do. But I read all of them and I love you guys.
"Nice one, kid. You separated us. Good. You really are starting to use your head." Steve grinned at him.
He sighed and looked at both kids. He shifted and leaned back in his chair. It wasn't natural, the way his body dropped. Steve had a feeling that the man wasn't truly sleeping. Though his body was limp, Steve had the idea that somehow Strange was still perfectly alert.
"Pa..." Peter swallowed hard, his voice aching from all his screams. "PAPA!"
"Yeah. After gym it's my worst class. I have an A-."
Strange did. How would that help?
"I heard that." Steve huffed, running up to the balcony. "God, that must be what it feels like to be Sam. I'm gonna have to call you speedy."
Tony raised his hand, knocked gently on the loose floorboards. "Peter?"
"There you are. Hey, breathe. Breathe."
"She trusts you. And that's good. We want to foster that as much as possible. We want her to know there are good people out there who wouldn't hurt her. We want her to call for help instead of trying to handle things herself. We want her to have people like you around." Vanessa lifted her eyes to glare at him. "But we're choosy too. Do you care about her? Truly care?"
Maggie shivered. "That's awful."
Either way, Quentin was going to need some vibranium... and to brush up on some chemistry.
The floorboards lifted.
"Thanks...I didn't really want to attack your Papa. I just...freaked out. I'm glad you stopped me." Maggie said shyly, glancing at the wall of the elevator.
"I'm suggesting I remove the room...and the equipment...and shove it into a different dimension."
"They're not...EXACTLY the same size, but they are better." Strange corrected.
"Mmhm."
Maggie didn't flinch away. She leaned against him. "What am I doing?"
"Lizzy..." Peter sighed.
"That's what they say. It bothers me though. I feel like there's a language barrier between me and everyone else sometimes. Sometimes I get a text when I'm tired and it's just so frustrating, because I know it's words and English, but I can't for the life of me figure out what it means in context. Funny, when my brain's more fuzzy my powers are stronger. My friend and mentor, Dr. Strange, says it's because time doesn't follow normal rules and conventions. The more in tune with time I am the less in tune with...logic and convention. I get a boost in power, but lose reading and writing."
Peter Parker and Margret Wilson
"Nothing is keeping me away from my son, Strange."
"Yup. The heater was nice though. Thanks for upping the temp in my left hand, it helps a lot." Peter nodded and headed to the kitchen. He grabbed a high-calorie bar and a drink before joining his dad in the living room.
Take care.
"What's this?" Maggie asked, taking it from him. She sighed in relief and wrapped her hands around it.
Danger burned around her in bright red. A tall man with a beard and brown hair stepped from the door, lid off his cup as he went to put a tea bag in it, and immediately ran into her, spilling something hot on her shirt.
"Sorry, Wade has a bit of a mouth, I seem to be picking up his habit." Maggie apologized. "But you're not getting away without an answer. You swing from buildings, how do you have a worse grade in gym than in history? And since when is an A- a bad grade?"
Wade clapped his hands. "Now, I'm going to teach you my version of 9 to 5."
"It's okay. Don't worry about it."
"Yes, Peter. Should I let your parents know?" Karen asked.
"Got it." Karen responded.
Maggie blinked and looked up. Dr. Strange was towering over her, holding her tight. His gray-blue eyes full of concern.
"Before you came to the food bank." Maggie shrugged. "Before I met you, I had a dream. You were here. So sick, but you were getting help. I remember seeing Mr. Stark make a shake and walk into your room, and someone from social services. I knew you'd be helped, so when police came looking for you..."
Wade nodded.
Peter felt that tingle again. But the anger that shot threw him smothered the bothered feeling. He huffed and stormed out of the room, ignoring the sad looks from his friends and the wounded look on Quentin's face. He headed for the elevator. "JARVIS, first floor."
"No. Nuh-uh." Maggie understood him. She understood the hero thing and they both had gone through different shit growing up, but they knew similar things because of it. It was easy to talk to her. She was funny and talented and pretty and a nerd. Like such a nerd. He was pretty sure she knew more about video games than he did. "We're friends and...I don't wanna ruin that."
"I got that reference."
Peter looked at his display and grinned. "Yeah, that's perfect. I like the blue, Suit Lady."
"It's j-just...the world is so vast and different. Everywhere. It's cool." Maggie looked around, she felt a headache coming on and bit her lip, trying to will it to go away. "How much trouble will I be in for not having a passport?"
"Did I do okay?"
"Where?" Steve walked over.
Peter felt his heart leap, then his gut drop. The idea of coming out here and having some peace was great...but then what about Queens. He should be there to protect them.
Peter wondered how scrambled her mind was. That didn't even make sense. Guilt tore at him.
The world was quiet in this dimension.
"Hey, no worries. I'm sure you're gonna do fine. You said it's been getting a little easier." Peter soothed her. He knew she didn't like talking about her poor English grades. She was pretty damn good at math and science, but she always seemed really embarrassed about her reading and writing. "You're gonna kick ass. You even have help."
"Yeah? Prove it." Peter challenged.
"Got it." Steve said.
Maggie's face pinched. It didn't feel pleasant. Things weren't supposed to go in or out of her veins.
"Subtle." Peter said in awe. If he hadn't seen her as much as he had, hadn't known how she walked, he'd have no clue who he'd been talking to. Even her eyes had been a different color, brown instead of her usual blue.
"You got it. We'll step into this Mexican restaurant here." Peter said. He walked up to Ned and held out a hand. "Don't let Dad and Papa freak out too much, we're okay."
But, he didn't have to let her have a big head. "Best of luck with that." He rubbed the back of his hand over his forehead. "Wow, didn't break a sweat."
“Well today must be your lucky day,” Steve said, pulling his dilapidated laptop out of his backpack and setting it on Tony’s lap. “Now, don’t mess with the duct tape too much, it’s holding the casing togeth-“
“Thanks a lot, Tone. Now quit sitting around on your ass and do your damned job,” he said with a smirk, making Tony bark a laugh.
Blood bloomed from a place in his chest, his shoulder, and horrifyingly, his throat. Tony’s eyes were wide and stunned, and immediately locked to Steve’s. His hand was clamped to his throat, blood pouring freely between his fingers, face contorted in horrifying shock, then pain and fear. Then everything moved too fast.
“Make me forget them.”
“I thought we were staying in the penthouse?” Tony asked, his voice still gravelly and rough. Steve smiled at him.
“Green, yellow, red, finger snaps if my mouth is full,” Tony said, licking his lower lip, then smirking at the way Steve’s gaze dropped to his lips.
Tony leaned forward and pressed a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss to Steve’s lips.
“As you wish, Mon Capitan,” he said cheerfully, heading back to the counter without taking Steve’s 73 cents.
“Not that they can tell. He’ll- he’ll need physical therapy and bed rest though…”
“Whoa! Hey, Steve, man, I didn’t mean to upset you, you were just doing what you had to do,” Sam said in a rush, worry pinching his face. Natasha rubbed his back between his shoulders.
He stared helplessly as they stabilized Tony’s leg, pressing gauze to his wounds and lifting his limp body onto a backboard.
“Green,” he mumbled. “Thought you were gonna give me some dick? Haven’t had any good enough to write home about yet.” Tony’s slurred words were cut off with another sharp slap to his cheek, and then abruptly he couldn’t see, as Steve tied the necktie over Tony’s eyes. Then Steve was bodily flipping him, so that Tony’s arms were twisted up and he was on his knees, bent in a somewhat painful position, and then his pants were being yanked to his knees and then off his body entirely, leaving him fully nude and vulnerable. Steve must have hidden some things down here in advance, because when he slammed his cock into Tony, it was fully lubed. However, that didn’t take away the burning stretch, ripping another scream from Tony’s raw throat, which echoed around the room like a dozen Tonies crumbling in concert.
“Do you know why? Because you fooled me into wasting my time on you, when all you wanted was a good cock. I do have a good one, don’t I, Tony?” Steve said with a dangerous sneer, and Tony glared at him, then spit in his face.
“You act like a whore, and now you look the part,” Steve said cuttingly, and spit on Tony once more. “You can stay here the rest of the fucking night. Maybe tomorrow night too. I don’t have any use for a whore in my bed.”
“I love you, Tone. Don’t be an asshole,” he murmured affectionately, and Tony chuckled softly, wincing a little as he did.
“Hey, c’mon, Steve. I think you need to sit down,” he said firmly, guiding Steve to the seating area, and Steve followed numbly and sank onto the uncomfortable chair like all the strength in his body had gone out of him. He rested his elbows on his knees and dropped his face into his hands, getting dried blood flecks on his cheeks. The others pulled up chairs around Steve.
Take care.
Tony sighed in relief. "At least he kept it easy."
"Mm-hm."
"Hey, punk, let go of the kid."
"Reese? Where are you?"
"Oh, yeah. Definitely. I like the story arcs there too. Felt wrapped up tighter." She nodded, stepping up next to him.
Maggie pulled away, setting herself up on her feet. "Uh, thanks."
.--. .- .--. .-
"I don't understand why he's on the ceiling. Surly he knows I jest."
"What? But?"
"Long story." Peter picked up his phone and called Happy.
Peter rubbed the back of his head. "Eh, it's just been a long day. Got a headache."
"Th-thanks." She didn't want that.
"Of course, button." Wade nodded.
"Look, just let her go. You don't need to hurt her."
"Could'a guessed tha'."
Peter felt like his synapses were on fire. The watch that normally tick, tick, ticked on Maggie's wrist was between ticks...and it didn't seem like it was going to tick any time soon. Maggie was frozen, unmoving in her place. But her eyes were darting around. Frozen in time, but still conscious of everything.
Her whole body flinched. "Don't touch me. Don't touch me." She didn't sound angry, just...scared. "Please...don't touch me right now."
"P-please?" Maggie asked.
Peter rolled his eyes. "Reese's Pieces..." He sighed and shook his head. "You make it really hard to stay frenemies."
"No, now. I don't have five minutes. Don't you remember?"
"I'll make sure of it." Dr. Strange nodded.
"Hello, cutie."
Maggie slowly opened her eyes. He didn't look mad at all, not even disappointed with her. How? Innocent until the crime happened, right? "It...it was a brick room. I think in an old building. An interior room, there were no windows. The door...was new though. It had a fancy lock on it, kinda like the ones at Stark Tower that need a badge."
"What do you want?!"
Tony took a breath. Somehow he'd heard Peter's underlying tone. "...Peter are you okay?"
The Avengers were here, sans Captain America. Thor was soaring in. Peter could see Maggie trying to hold her own against not one, but two assassins. Her whole body was glowing green, she was obviously using every ounce of strength in her to keep up with both of them. She wouldn't be able to maintain a fight like that for too long. She'd reach her limit.
"Son of a bitch..." Tony slammed his hand down. "JARVIS, anything?"
"You can do that?"
"We all need to be a lot more careful." Tony said quietly as he leaned against Steve's shoulder.
"You'd help?"
"She needs to be in a hospital though."
Peter shook his head. "It's still his only options. I mean, come on, I couldn't run your suit with my thing... Could I?" Peter asked. Then began to run the math in his head. "No. I couldn't. The suit wouldn't run for very long, not on what I made."
Maggie nodded and took off her coat. Helen got right to work.
Maggie nodded and bit her lip. "It just feels easy, to fall into it."
Steve looked at Peter's tear covered face and the way he frowned and twitched in his sleep.
Steve ruffled Peter's hair with his free hand. "Good. How's our idiot?"
Peter shrugged. "Would be fun to see his face, that's all. Really though...are you okay?"
Peter narrowed his eyes. He had to get her out. Maybe reach the panic button on his watch. He could do something.
When he returned to the New York Sanctum, Wong was there. "What...what's going on? Is Hong Kong still standing?" Strange asked.
"What?" Maggie asked. Then realized she'd been humming Toxic. "I'm sorry. Sorry."
The lights came back up, revealing a backdrop. To anyone else, the particular skyline behind Peter would mean nothing. But Tony knew immediately what street Peter was on, he could even see the shadow of Peter's steeple in it. Steve, obviously saw it too, because he took a sharp breath. Animated across the backdrop were shadows of people walking by, as if all the people walked past the boy in his grief.
Peter winced at the thick slur of her voice, the roughness of it...likely from being throttled.
"Ooh, be careful, Stark. I do have your son. Don't worry, we'll keep him entertained. Maybe even send you videos."
"Let's go." Steve agreed. He looked at Strange and nodded. "Look after her."
"Then why do you look so upset, ребенок паук?" She asked sitting across from him.
"You going to see him this weekend?"
"You've been spending a lot of time over there."
"Great, always wanted to be a loose end." She hissed, her voice rough, she was pretty sure she had hand-shaped bruises around her throat. Her head felt wet and sticky too. Her head really hurt. She let a small part her powers reach out to the room. The drone was gone. They weren't watching. They didn't have to anymore. She was trapped, injured, and they were going to kill her anyway. No point in watching her anymore. "Okay." She grit her teeth. She felt like a punching bag, and she knew this was going to hurt, but she had to get out. She wasn't going to let them kill her.
"Will I be able to get this by the wedding?"
"Nothing you see is present." He promised in a soothing voice. He knew how jarring it was to see that which wasn't there. He made sure to try to teach her how to feel the difference between her present and all other times. "Remember to breathe. Remember to take stock of what you feel. Keeping grounded will remind you of where you really are."
"Margaret, I need you to take a breath and close your eyes."
She took a deep breath, but nodded.
Also. The songs Wong keeps playing around Strange are him teasing the hell out of Strange. (Aside from Friday, which is just annoying.) Wong is playing You'll Be in My Heart, My Girl, and Sweet Child of Mine whenever Strange is in the world to annoy/tease him.
Scolded, Peter went to the booth and sat down.
"Nerd, more like. Your first day of freedom from school and you choose community service. Lame." Wade teased, poking her shoulder.
Peter nodded against his Papa's chest, feeling lightheaded. He'd been hungry before, felt weak and tired, then he'd gone from sitting to standing up and everything felt so...dizzy. Like the world was spinning triple time.
"Don't you want breakfast?" Vanessa called.
"I know, but...not there yet, so we can help." Dr. Strange held out his hand and a mug appeared in it. "This tea will make you fall asleep. Focus on your last dream and you'll fall right back into it. I'll be here, reading. Tea?" He allowed it to be her choice.
"What changed that?" Maggie asked.
"Oh my God. We've been looking non-stop for you, sweetie. Wade is still out there now." Vanessa came close, reached out for Maggie.
"Thanks."
"Margie? Are you okay?"
"Just no." Maggie darted into her room to hide and could hear them laughing at her.
Steve rubbed his forehead. Peter was missing a pinky at the least. And there was the threat of more being removed from their son. He couldn't find Peter. There was nothing. Nowhere to look. But... Maybe that was the answer. He'd looked everywhere. They ALL had been looking. He hadn't heard from Strange or the Wilson's...but then again, they were probably taking care of Maggie. They'd only gotten a few updates, but if Peter's head were bashed in and he'd been in surgery, Steve wouldn't even think of leaving him, especially after his head had just been put back together. All the Avengers were looking. JARVIS was looking. Everyone was moving. What if looking was the problem?
Peter closed his eyes. There were going to be nightmares and horrors, but for this moment, he just wanted to rest in the safety he had with his parents, knowing the monsters were gone.
"A thank you...for everything. I don't think I could have done that without you." He remembered, more than once, during surgery his hands had started shaking. Without Christine to calm him down...he wouldn't have calmed his nerves to operate. He'd never had that problem before. Then again, he'd never done surgery on a loved one. Stitches were simple, easy, non-threatening. Extracting bone from brain was...different. There was a reason why doctors weren't supposed to treat loved ones unless there was no other way. Stress like that could lead to mistakes. It had been an...experience. He was glad she'd brought some normalcy to it.
"C-Captain Rogers. Hi. I'll see if he's ready." The woman blushed and headed out again.
"Right..." She bit her lip. "And the pig kills the horse... Boxer, right?"
"It's so weird that you remember that shit. Only Strange and Professor X has only ever seemed to notice when I do that." Maggie shrugged. "Yeah. Glad you had a good birthday."
Maggie considered that. He'd known, of course, when he met her. The Ancient One had told him to find Magnolia Chase, not Margaret Wilson. When they'd first met, he'd called her Magnolia. She'd hated it. Hated that name. She never wanted to hear it again. Then Dr. Strange had called her that. After a very bad panic attack, she'd had to explain that that was not her name anymore. Not ever again. He was allowing her to be separate from all the bad before. It was nice. Thoughtful. "Thanks."
Take care.
"Dad!"
Kate helped her stay upright in her dizzy state and opened the office door.
Maggie sniffled and sat up from her stretch. "Yeah. Anyway, wanna learn the quickstep?"
"You don't have to do that."
Maggie's eyes widened. Her heart ached for him. "Oh."
"Six." Nat responded. "The guy in the video isn't accounted for. No one fits the build...then again all the disguises they've got... I don't know. I can't imagine this is all of them."
"Yeah." Peter did want to rest before that. He knew it was going to be awful...but he also knew it would help, it'd helped a lot after being homeless, he'd figure it would help here too. For now, he just wanted some rest.
"And you think you can dance better, Brooklyn?"
Vanessa put the bags down on the counter. "She should have more time with him. He's a good influence."
-No one to save him.-
Tony flew to the church, carrying Steve. They both settled into the steeple and Tony stepped out of his suit. "Help me up."
Maggie made the, perhaps, wise choice of not even looking toward him. "Not your fault, Captain Rogers. Everyone okay?"
She looked up at him and smiled slightly, in appreciation.
Maggie settled in and closed her eyes. "What do you do?"
Steve got up and squeezed his shoulder. "You shouldn't be up and about. I'll heat him up some food. Go take your pain meds and get back to bed. Rest will do you good."
"Oh, I was just going to start asking nicely." Nat said, her tone anything but nice.
"Did you finish your project?" Wong asked dryly.
"No' your faul'." She was getting tired of everyone blaming themselves. It had taken years of therapy to learn to blame the bad guys, not herself. But they didn't seem to be at that point. "Gonna keep i'." She said before taking another bite of food.
"It doesn't matter. I heal. Maggie doesn't."
Peter shrunk a little more.
"Mmhm." Tony grinned.
"That might be needed."
"Payback, Peter. I get payback." He straightened up. "I'll give you a moment to think about your position."
"You're welcome, sir." JARVIS said, proudly.
"Um...I..." Vanessa looked around. "I don't remember. I can't remember. I'm sorry."
"Yup." Peter said. "JARVIS, Frozen please."
"What? Why?"
"I think that's unwise. He's called twenty-six times."
Steve opened his mouth and closed it. He really liked Pepper. Easy as breathing she'd helped him get ready, without even lifting a finger. "Thank you. I owe you one."
"You're at Stark Tower, with me and my dad and my papa. You've met my dad. Should I introduce my papa?"
"Cool, how long do I have?"
"I'm good, I can wait." Peter promised. He didn't want to get up at the moment anyway. This was nice. No worrying about his next meal or being too hot or too cold. No worrying about bad guys. No worries about school or therapy or dance or if he was being watched or not. No worrying about anything at all.
When food arrived, it took Peter a few minutes to will himself to get up. As he did he looked up, out the window. Hadn't Maggie warned them about that window? He walked forward and pulled the curtain closed before walking to grab food.
Peter wiped his eyes. "Sorry."
She nodded and sniffled. "Sorry."
"Yes!" Peter started dancing in his best impression of Elvis.
Maggie looked, unfocused at Vanessa, then held one hand out.
"Man, you get out earlier than we do. Is the test you're worried about for English?"
"It's okay. Stay safe." Peter insisted.
"Yeah, it did. Won't be too long now." Peter brightened. "It'll be nice. We're already family, but then all the paperwork will be official."
"Did I have a fever dream or did I really have a nurse called Joy?"
Silence stretched between ticks, between breaths, between heartbeats.
"You sure you're okay down here alone?"
"I know, worst cut they could have made." Strange agreed. "I loved that riddle."
"I don't understand."
"Dude, getting back into dance must be doing you good. Usually you'd be struggling breathing by now, and you haven't even broken a sweat." Ned observed.
Dr. Strange wasn't going to fight that one. They kept walking in relative silence.
Peter's spidersense had been going off dully most of the day. Sort of the same way that it had in the Tower a few weeks earlier. He felt like he was being watched. Even at dance class something was off, because Maggie kept glancing around, trying to help him figure out where the danger was coming from. Between the two of them, they hadn't been able to figure it out. But she hadn't seen where is was coming from either, but in an awkward attempt at comfort, she told Peter that it wasn't an iminent or bad danger, she said it was 'mild' whatever that was. He turned and smiled at Ned. "Yeah, I'm good, dude."
"I know we can't normally do this...identities and all, but do you want to go for a run?" Steve asked.
"Too soon?"
"Okay."
"Yes, sir." Peter saluted him. "I gotta get a shower. Be good you two." He warned his parents.
"Sore, but okay." Peter answered in a whisper.
"Yeah... Mom and Dad cooked everything from scratch. Ness and Wade don't. I get...tired of take-out...but trusting them to cook is a bad idea. So I just...make things up. I'm okay at it."
She felt tears well up in her eyes. Her brain hitting an overwhelmed state, quickly. She didn't know what to do with this. When her emotions shot up, her brain just made her cry.
"Yeah. Spiderman twerks. Who knew?"
"Huh?" Peter asked, continuing his sit-ups.
"What?! Noooo." Peter wrinkled his nose.
Things would be fine. The world might be going crazy, but they still had this.
"Well, we are frenemies. Gotta pick something to fight over."
Maggie felt gentle fingers find her ribs and his other hand on her back. With gentle prods and shifts, she felt him pull her. She tensed.
HE was there. In the room. His neat gold hair. His sharp eyes. His towering height. She wanted to scream, but her lungs couldn't take in air, let alone remember how to scream.
"Usually on my right foot. If I have to balance on that side it gets all sorts of fucked."
Peter froze when the saw rested against his cheek, small pricks of pain coming alive on his skin as his spidersense screamed at him.
"The girl who stabbed me?" Clint asked.
"Oh..." Peter whispered. He'd never heard her talk about her past so extensively before. But he wasn't going to say he was sorry. He knew first hand that pity didn't really help. "Found family...I like that."
"Master Hamir." Strange greeted.
Strange nodded. "Okay... I'm...not sure how to do all of that."
The chorus began again and the two fell into a comfortable dance, one where they matched each other. There was one thing Tony noticed though. Peter didn't let go of Maggie. Having let go of 'May' Maggie and lost her, Peter didn't let go of this version of Maggie as they danced. Always, they were touching. As if Peter was afraid to let go again.
She trailed behind him and Peter. They led her to a mannequin.
"Okay." Peter nodded.
"You're jealous that I can do the Single Ladies."
"Is there anything I can do?" Steve asked.
"Margaret!" Dr. Strange yanked her hand back, the eye closed around the stone.
"She's not the kind of girl who'd stop talking to you if you told her you liked her. If she wanted to reject you, she would. That girl has gone into burning buildings with you. What's the risk if you tell her you like her?"
"Go be the boss, Pep."
"What hit me?" Tony asked groggily. He reached his right hand down and ruffled Peter's hair gently.
Steve laughed. "If you can't do this, there is a more pleasurable workout that certainly takes more energy. You'll probably be too tired tonight."
"I'll protect you, baby elephant." Nat wrapped her arms around Peter's shoulders.
She wanted to nod, but she felt dizzy, heavy.
Peter's stomach growled.
Steve's blood ran cold. "What?"
The displays popped up nearly instantly.
"What about the other kid? What about Maggie?"
"Of course. Didn't want to leave my-" Strange stopped himself. "Margaret, but she made a valid point."
"Eight on school nights, nine thirty on weekends, and ten on vacations, but I can't start slacking on responsibilities or family time." Peter repeated the lecture that had been drilled into his head. He acted a bit put-out, but he liked it. He'd spent months in foster homes that didn't give a shit if he came home and months living on his own with no family to give a fuck about him. Knowing that he'd have two very pissed off parents at home if he was late, knowing that they cared that he came home for dinner, knowing that they cared that he kept his grades up and did things he cared about...knowing that they'd care if he got hurt while patrolling... That was really nice.
"She's one of the dogs."
The people that hurt Peter were about to have a very bad day and Clint wouldn't lose a single ounce of sleep. No one should hurt a kid, let alone two of them...and let alone his adopted nephew.
"We will." Wade agreed. "Tell your sexy dads 'hi' for me."
"I've got skills."
Maggie looked at Vanessa without turning her head. "N'rse s-s'ation has camera. He sees us." Then, she fell asleep again.
Steve looked from the doctor to the girl, to Vanessa, then at Peter and Tony. So much hurt...caused by madmen. Steve watched Strange get up and check over Peter and all the machines hooked up to him one more time. Then he looked over Maggie and her machines. The doctor's hands shook as he fixed her baggy shirt from falling off her shoulder.
"You're alright?"
Tony's jaw flexed. "Thank you, J. What time is it?"
Maggie nodded and settled in, shifting until she was comfortable. Then she opened the book. He started to prepare food, so she started to read, aloud. True to form, he recited all of Hamlet's lines. It was a bit easier, when it was out loud. And whenever her mind acted up and she skipped a line or struggled with a word, Dr. Strange pulled her back and had her start again. It helped that he had it memorized, still she had no clue how he could memorize something that long or complex, but she was glad of it.
Peter slammed his hands down, probably too hard for a human. Then he jumped to his feet. "Shut up about my family."
"Language!"
"I've got a ballcap somewhere. Might that help?"
"I thought so. Alright, let's go get that set." Helen rolled her eyes.
Take care.
"What?"
Peter climbed down and stepped into Steve's hug.
Peter screamed and sobbed, head pressed to his knees as he tried to pull further away.
"Dad once crashed a Lambo...not sure he'd teach me to drive. Don't think he'd want to get back in a car. I fly, walk, and use public transport. Plus, someday I plan on learning portals...someday." She shrugged. "Happy sweet sixteen. My spider Christmas ornamented and video game feels lame now."
"Sorry...I don't to question...it's just..."
"GUYS! I won the bet! I'm the baby elephant's favorite."
"And...you don't mind if I keep my watch on for the performance, do you?" Maggie asked quietly.
"Don't think too hard, kid. We did scramble your brains a bit." The man put the knife down and ruffled his hair. "Lots of nurses in Stark Tower for the A-team. Had one of my people act as a stand-in. Gotta love double majors, am I right?" He laughed. "Nurse Joy only needed to record a sound while you were all sleeping. Nothing untoward about checking a heartbeat in a medbay, right? Your powers never even suspected. That was tricky, getting around your powers and that girl's... Well, don't have to worry about her anymore." He shrugged.
"Come on, big guy." Peter swung at the last minute above the street. He wondered how this fight started, but, he'd have to wait to ask that. He swung to Maggie's building and stuck to the wall, facing the man. The man launched at him with the help of his metal arms. Peter ducked under the metal arms. The bricks of the building crunched under the arms. "Damn, you've got some anger issues. Ever consider therapy?" An arm yanked out and stabbed at him. Peter ducked and caught the falling bricks with a web. "Hey! There are civvies down there. Not nice. If you won't do therapy take your anger out on me, bro." Peter pulled his knees to his chest before kicking the man, not with his full strength, but hard enough to make the man fall from the building and scramble to catch himself.
"Hold your Applause." Wong sassed without moving.
"No, no. Uh, can you find my friend Maggie? It's not like her to not answer, I want to make sure she's okay."
"That's why she's here."
Ness looked at the two of them. Maggie deserved a parent. Ness knew she and Wade didn't exactly meet that need for her. Maggie's needs and their capabilities didn't completely mesh. They loved each other, of course. Love didn't cover everything though. Love only did so much, it didn't change her needs for structure and instruction and...understanding. Strange seemed to understand her in ways that she and Wade couldn't, while they understood her in ways Strange couldn't. "She deserves a good dad, like you."
"Very good. That's good." Strange said, leaning forward. "I know you want to sleep, but Dr. Palmer here needs to check a few things. And...I need to ask you a question, if you feel up to it. We'll let you go back to sleep once she does her job. Understand?"
"Were you babysitting me again?" Peter huffed and rolled his eyes.
"Good for him..." Wade nodded then closed his eyes. "It's going to be okay, Ness."
"To convince people, sorry the animals, to...basically do whatever...um, shit what's his name...uhh Napoleon! wants them to do. He's a mouthpiece."
"And keep an eye out for yourself. You ain't in mortal danger or anything...but there's something going on around you. Something I can't really put a finger on...I don't like it, usually I can see these things. But this is...almost like someone's covering my eyes. I don't know where the threat's coming from, but there's something going on around you."
"You passed, this time. I'm going to have to level up my game." He smiled.
"Okay."
"It's okay. I get it, it's cool. And you're right." Peter nodded in agreement. There was a tall building four blocks over. He could actually run the roofs between that building and his destination pretty easily...and he'd avoid cameras and leave less webs behind. "That's smart of you."
"I'm listening." Tony smirked at him.
"Okay. Deal. Which one first?"
"Dad's hurt?" Peter's chest ached.
What was her body doing? Why was it doing this?
"Quickly, is Dr. Palmer in?
"Not gonna risk it. Mind giving me a lift?"
"I'm grateful for that. Things can still slip through though, huh?"
"And I'm one of those?"
The door opened.
"JARVIS said you were in distress. What's happening, Roo? Do you need help?"
"Nah. I just don't want to be downstairs right now while they're...you know." He gestured to his ears.
Strange watched her look around as she walked down the street. "Freeze it there." He saw a hint of the black cord around her neck. "Thank God."
"-s, Si-siiir." JARVIS was glitching. His HUD was a mess. He couldn't move his arms. Whatever that blast was from Obie's suit, it had short circuited a few things. "R-r-restoring system functions."
"Isn't it past your curfew, you little gremlin?" Happy teased. "And where's your badge, mister?"
"You know who it is?" Steve asked.
Peter explained his ideas for the project she was working on. He wasn't exactly sure they'd all apply, but if a couple of them would work her project might go a little smoother.
Tracy, as usual, was a chatter box. "Oh, he's Mr. Stark's personal intern. I believe it was Miss Potts' idea." Tracy grinned. "And, you know, Mr. Stane, you should pick his brain for that problem you were asking about. He's the one working on that project I was talking to you about, actually, it's HIS project, entirely his brainchild."
Steve rolled his eyes, then took off his hat. "I'm just sorry I reminded her of something traumatic."
When Peter glanced at the assignments, he saw that Ned had actually decided to take it upon himself to do most of Peter's homework himself. It had made him smile, since Ned had actually done a decent job mimicking his handwriting.
"I try."
"Forget Spiderman, you're a freaking spidermonkey." Tony wrapped his good arm tighter around Peter.
"Bet you could find the lotto numbers."
"Hello, Peter." Karen said cheerfully. "Peter...your breathing is labored. Are you under duress? Peter?"
"I will. Or did you forget your friend?"
Maggie smiled shyly. "It...feels more stable there."
"I know." Peter agreed. He did not want to deal with that pressure yet. Maybe when life was a bit more normal. But he did not want the world to know he was a Stark-Rogers. That would be too much at the moment. His life had changed so much in such a short time. It was already enough to deal with...before adding being the son of two of the most powerful men in the world.
"JARVIS, Peter's information is buried in the system, yes?" Tony asked, his tone very serious.
"That last night I was in my mom's apartment. I left. I left knowing full well I was leaving her with a monster. I left because I had the chance to save myself." Maggie whispered. "He killed her that night. He was so angry that I got away...that he killed her. I blamed myself at first. But I don't anymore. He would have killed us both if he got the chance...done worse to me first. Do you blame me for my mom?"
"Hey, bud." Steve pulled him into a hug and he didn't look great. He looked frazzled, worried as he sat outside of the operating room.
"Dammit."
"You're learning!" Peter high-fived him.
All warnings remain. Kidnapping, physical/mental/emotional trauma/torture. Violence. Threats of violence. Implied threats of sexual assault.
"I was the one in red and gold sparkles." Maggie gestured to her face with her free hand.
"Nowhere near as good as you." Peter shook his head.
Maggie filled her backpack and a sports tote bag. She didn't have a lot of space, but she narrowed it down, deciding between a blanket and a pillow, settling on the quilt. She also tucked a stuffed cheetah plush as low down into the bag as she could manage. Shortly after she'd gone to Professor Xavier's school, she'd had a hard time sleeping. She didn't know who put the cheetah on her bed, but she always slept a little better when Hunter was around. She just felt a little...embarrassed, given her age, that she still had it.
“What are you getting out of all this? The free drinks, hanging my art… Are you gonna slap a big bill on me at the end of the month and get a big laugh in the back room with the other baristas? Because I’ll tell you right now that I’m not gonna be able to pay and I don’t appreci-“
saved everything. All of us, together,” Tony amended, still averse to taking credit, despite the parades in his honor that he was still too weak to attend. Steve just smiled against his lips.
“You don’t know shit. You all didn’t even suspect until you saw them kiss,” he said right back, and Natasha and Rhodey just beamed like they’d always wanted them to get together, and their wish was finally coming true.
“Yes,” Steve murmured too late, watching how graceful Tony’s wrists and hands were with his pushed-up t-shirt sleeves as he made espresso. Steve went back to writing, smiling and warm when Tony wordlessly slid a sweet black coffee and a couple of biscotti onto his table, brushing Steve’s forearm nonchalantly as he returned to the counter.
