“That building behind the house is the gym and indoor pool which opens out on to the sunken garden and gazebo.  Over there by the lake is the boathouse.  The building this side of the fountain is the garage and the one over the far side is the stables.  Have you been riding before?  We'll have to go out whilst you're here"
Moran laid his cards out slowly on the table: seven, eight, nine, ten and Jack of hearts.  John schooled his face to show real disappointment.
Sherlock grinned at him and allowed himself to be pulled up before propelling John rapidly towards the exit.
When he pushed open the door, Sherlock was standing there with his own dressing gown in hand which he held out for John.
John reached across to Sherlock’s bedside table, got out the lube and squeezed some onto Sherlock’s fingers.  Whilst Sherlock went down to start working Greg open, John went up and captured the groans that were freely falling from Greg’s lips.  He knew the moment when Sherlock circled Greg’s hole, pressing the tip of his finger against the skin because Greg almost squeaked into his mouth.  John ran his fingers down Greg’s chest and played with his nipples, distracting him slightly so that Sherlock could work his first finger in.
"That's a good idea.  Apart from making the radio and collecting the gun nearer the time, that's the last thing we need."
Well, Sherlock could oblige with that.  He didn’t need John anyway.  He didn’t need anyone.  He would just go about his days on his own, untroubled by the idiots surrounding him.  There were only three months left of school and he would get through it as quickly as possible and then leave this dead end place and be off to do his own thing.  He would forget the plans that he and John had long ago made of going to the same University in the centre of London; John studying medicine whilst Sherlock studied chemistry and forensics.  He had no need of sharing a place with him.  He would strike out all by himself.  He would do it all on his own.
Sherlock took John up to his rooms and they decided to watch a film first to let their dinner go down.  On the way, Sherlock showed him some of the other bedrooms in the house, which had been occupied up until now.
Luckily for all concerned, at ten past four the phone rang and Sherlock leapt towards it and grabbed the handset.
He woke up disorientated.  The light coming in through the window didn’t reveal his bedroom or even the living room which he was more used to seeing recently.  It took him a moment to remember that he was in Sherlock’s room, but what had woken him.  He didn’t think it was another nightmare because his heart wasn’t racing and he wasn’t sweaty as he usually was on those occasions.  Then he heard it again.  It sounded like the noise a phone made when it vibrated with a text.  Surely it couldn’t be Sherlock’s phone though; Mycroft must still have that as it hadn’t been returned to John.  It wasn’t John’s own phone.  He didn’t know the last time he’d seen it, but it certainly wouldn’t be in Sherlock’s room as this was the first time he’d been in here since... well, just since.
"With a throw like that - what else could it be?  It was blatantly obvious that you were a sportsman from your stance and musculature and with that kind of aim at a moving target it is unlikely to be anything else."
“You realise that he could be coming to tell us he wants to forget the whole thing.  Or even if he doesn’t want to have the memory removed, he might not be interested in trying again.”
Sherlock smiled shyly down at him, moving his hand up John’s chest to circle his nipples and then gliding it back down to take hold of his own shaft.  He stroked his hand along it a few times, keeping rhythm as he raised and lowered his body on John, maintaining eye contact the whole time.  John’s jaw dropped open as he took in the happy, confident look on Sherlock’s face as he pleasured himself.
Anderson was next to Sally and after he’d introduced himself, the person sat next to him went and so on until it reached Sherlock who was sat next to a girl called Stacey who had just introduced herself as being in charge of the lighting and sound.
“Oh.  Okay, right.  Well, that’s a bit disappointing.  I suppose I knew it was a bit too good to be true, if I’m honest.”
When the boys were finished, they decided to go up and have an early night.  After their late night the day before, their early awakening and all the vigorous forms of activity they had indulged in that day, they were quite tired.  They snuggled down in bed, arms comfortably around each other, Sherlock’s head resting on John’s chest.
It didn’t take much for both boys to reach orgasm, and as Sherlock came hard into John’s mouth, he swallowed it all down and brought himself off to the image of Sherlock’s face, relaxed into bliss.  That was something of which he would never get tired.
The moment of truth arrived and John called Mr Johnson over whilst Sherlock prepared to flick the switch.  He pressed down the lever and it worked first time.  All three of them beamed and John cheered and put his arm around Sherlock’s back, patting him on the shoulder.
Sherlock was very pleased with himself for managing it on his first attempt.  He had read up about it on some online forums so that he would be prepared for whatever John might want and was glad that he’d been able to put it in to practise so early in the proceedings.  One particular porn site he’d visited had shown a nice little trick with one man humming and swallowing around his partner’s cock.  Whilst it was obvious that the majority of the responses were faked to make the movie more of a spectacle, that particular move had seemed to cause a genuine effect on the recipient and Sherlock was keen to try it out on John.
“Wow, you’re really good at this.  Have you done it before at your other schools?”  John blushed again; damn, he hadn’t meant to bring that up and seem so nosy.
Sherlock grinned at him, even more pleased than he had anticipated that John liked it.  “Come through and see the rest properly.”
“How do I…?  How do I know if it’s worked, Mycroft; if I gave him enough?  I can’t lose him.  I just…”
The day before Valentine’s Day, in Sherlock’s thirteenth year, found him moping around the kitchen, sighing over Mrs Hudson’s baking.   John had been selected as one of a group of ten students and three teachers to go to a school in the Scottish Highlands to exchange teaching methods and training techniques between urban and rural schools as part of a new programme to improve the standards of GCSE’s.  He’d been gone for two weeks already and had another two to go and Sherlock had been bored on the very first day.
John blushed and suspicions of Sherlock’s sexual awareness were raised from ‘non-existent’ to ‘comfortable with flirtation and innuendo’.  He had never heard Sherlock say such a thing before and would have to find out if this was a previously undiscovered side of the man or something relating only to himself.
Sherlock joined in, happy that John would be a wonderful vampire and a constant companion to him and comfortable in the knowledge that they had both found their place in the world.  They had each other and that was all that they needed.
“I want to know everything about you, using all of my senses, one of which happens to be smell.  Do you wish to limit my ability to recognise you in any situation?”
As it will be the first of December tomorrow - can you believe it’s nearly Christmas already? – I’ve sent you a little gift.  We wear these when we go into the desert sometimes; they’re great protection from the sandstorms.  It’s called a Keffiyeh and when we went in to the local market place this week, I saw this deep red pattern and thought it would look great with your dark hair.  You said you were good at disguises so I thought you could perhaps use it if you ever had need for that sort of costume.  Maybe you could model it for me; it would be nice to see a picture of you, if that’s allowed.
“I think it would be sensible if you slept in my bed tonight, John.  It seems ridiculous to force yourself up another flight of stairs after the way it took it out of you earlier.”
John was happier than he thought he had ever been.  He knew how hard it was for Sherlock to talk about feelings but he had done it for John.  He took him into his arms and kissed him deeply, revelling in having this man back in his life and having so much more to look forward to as they went through it together.  They only stopped when Sherlock let out a little cry of pain and John realised he had pressed too hard on Sherlock’s damaged ribs.  He sprang back.
They got through the first half quite quickly; that was the part they had worked on the most last term.  Everyone remembered, more or less, where they were supposed to stand and knew their lines.  Sherlock and John had brought out some of the smaller, easier-to-hand props, to help the actors get into the scenes, and it all went quite smoothly.  After the part in the play where they were having the interval, the performance wasn’t quite so polished.  Most people still knew the majority of their lines, but there was a little bit of shot-blocking.  They would definitely need to focus more on that in the next couple of weeks.
John settled on the bed and Sherlock sat in the chair in front of him, biology text book in his hand.
They had been friends since the day they met.  Sherlock was six and John was nine and he’d arrived upon a scene in a nearby park where Sherlock was getting pushed around by three bigger boys.  Sherlock hadn’t seemed worried and, even at that age, he had been verbally eviscerating the bullies.  Unfortunately, all the taunts just made them want to hit him even more.  John boldly stepped in front of Sherlock and pushed the ring leader back.
John smiled; it was nice to know he was missed, even if it was only to alleviate Sherlock’s boredom levels.
The overnight bag was dropped at the foot of the stairs leading up to John’s room as John carried on past into the kitchen to put the shopping away before he did anything else.  Sherlock wondered if John would notice the milk container he’d put in the fridge.  He hadn’t even taken it from Mycroft’s fridge which had been his first idea.  He’d got George to stop on the way over here whilst he popped in to the supermarket and bought it himself, as well as two tins of beans and a box of Darjeeling tea which was John’s favourite.
In the end they stayed at the party all evening which was a lot longer than Sherlock usually managed.  John had been introduced to all of Sherlock’s aunts and uncles, and to some of the older cousins, nearer in age to Mycroft.  Most of the local village dignitaries, who had also been invited were also mentioned.  John had been his usual polite and charming self, which everyone had been taken with.  Even Sherlock found himself vaguely smiling at the people who were so nice to John, when he would usually have cut them down with his scathing comments.  Mummy was thrilled and had sent some pleased smiles across in the direction of both boys.  She was delighted that Sherlock was making an effort.
Sherlock was more pleased than he could say that John had picked up on their themes.  He was glad he had taken the time to encourage a love of classical music in John and to teach him about the nuances of each instrument and its many voices.  It was something that he cared about so deeply and it meant everything to have someone with whom to share the emotions.
When John woke up the next morning Sherlock was already awake and watching him.  He smiled at Sherlock and enjoyed the soft crinkling of the eyes as Sherlock smiled back.  As he stretched he realised that the tentative touch from the night before had now progressed to complete hand holding.  Knowing that Sherlock would have had ample opportunity to move his hand before John awoke and had obviously decided not to, John decided to take his courage with both hands and find out why.
Sherlock looked a bit surprised, both at the offer to assist from Greg and the proposal to make it official from Mycroft.  Maybe helping his brother this evening would prove more beneficial than he had anticipated.  Speaking of which he spied their quarry, Jenkins, entering through the lobby and raised his eyebrow at Mycroft who nodded.
John had had the odd girlfriend before but they never seemed to last long.  Whether it was because John always dropped everything when Sherlock called or because they couldn’t put up with the observations Sherlock let fly whenever in their presence, wasn’t something on which he dwelt.  With Mary, though, things had been different.  She didn’t seem bothered by what Sherlock said, just letting it roll off her back; and because John was dedicated to his team, he wouldn’t be put off from meeting with her to discuss things, regardless of what Sherlock had to say.  Sherlock had serious doubts that all those get-togethers had been strictly necessary and knew she was manipulating things for her own benefit, but John wouldn’t listen to him and Sherlock had often found himself sitting alone at home, where before he would have spent the evenings with John.
Sherlock was already dressed so he just fastened his trousers and put his shoes back on and, after listening to see if the hallway was clear, he went back to his own room to wash and change.  He got some tablets for John, which he took back with him, and got John to take quickly so he would soon be recovered enough to help with the investigation.
He sat back on the bed thinking exactly what he could say in his message and happily passed a couple of hours before he was rudely interrupted by the return of his brother and having to endure a meal with him.  He did eat because Mycroft was correct that John would want him to be healthy, but as soon as he had had sufficient to satisfy those needs he left and went back to his room.  He would never say to his brother that it was nice to see him again, but the very fact that he had waited to eat with him would tell Mycroft everything he needed to know.  If he had really wanted to just gain some calories he could have visited the kitchen earlier in the afternoon and avoided any contact.  The brothers were never overt about it and they could and did bicker like champions, but they both knew that if it came down to it they could always rely on each other.
“I can assure you of that.  Do you think I would have taken this long with anyone else?  I toned down all my alluring effects so that you would see me as I really am and I couldn’t believe it when you still wanted me even knowing all that.”
He assumed the other boy must be doing an English Literature or Drama degree and was running lines, but he settled himself more comfortably into the chair at his desk, in front of the window, for a prolonged viewing.  John found himself doing this more and more frequently.  He was seemingly fascinated by his neighbour and would spend longer gazing out of the window than focusing on his own work.  He would often come back to his senses realising that he’d been there so long that the room had become dark around him and he’d have to shake himself and get back to completing his essays or revision before the whole night was gone.
“I think that’s why he was so miserable, to tell you the truth.  He saw you there and said it was very important that you were safe whilst he couldn’t be here to protect you himself.  He asked me to get the crew to keep an eye out for you because he said he didn’t know what he’d do if anything happened to you.  He was muttering about needing to make a miracle or something.”
Sherlock emphasised his words and bent his head closer to John.  John smiled at him and leant up to press his lips gently against Sherlock’s own.  It was as if that first touch drew them together and lit a spark.  John’s hands shot up to grasp Sherlock’s face and he pulled him down for a much deeper kiss, lips, tongues and teeth all clashing as they couldn’t get enough of each other and had to taste what the other had to offer.
Mycroft stared at John, assessing his mood and knowing that denial was no longer an option.  He had agreed with Sherlock’s initial assessment that no-one should know what he had done to keep them all safe, but Mycroft had visited John every week and he had seen what Sherlock’s loss had done to him.  Mycroft could keep secrets from Queens and Prime Minsters but he found himself wanting to be honest with this humble little man.  People may call him the Iceman but Mycroft loved his little brother and wanted only the best for him and this man in front of him made Sherlock happy – a task he’d often thought impossible.  There certainly weren’t any other people for whom Sherlock would have sacrificed so much.  Even Mrs Hudson and Lestrade couldn’t have inspired this much devotion and Mycroft wondered if even Sherlock himself, quite knew the depth of his feelings for his flatmate.
This included John’s mum and sister, who had both arranged to have the day off so that they could come down for the show.  They had arrived in time for lunch and had arranged with the school to take John and Sherlock out for the meal.  Lessons had more or less finished already, especially for the performers.  A few of the other families of cast members had also had the same idea, and Sherlock spotted Oliver, Matthew, Hannah and Julian dining with their own families whilst they were there.
A week passed and Sherlock and John had very little time alone together.  They managed to sneak off occasionally to what they now thought of as their little alcove where they could snatch a few kisses between lessons but their timetable was fairly well filled and John did several extra-curricular activities too which took up time in his evenings.  He tried to get Sherlock involved in some of them but there was absolutely no way Sherlock was playing rugby.   The only one he could possibly see himself getting involved in, if he had to, was the drama club.  He certainly had a flair for the dramatic and learning lines would be child’s play.  Did he want to put in the effort to join in group activities though?  If the result got him more time with John than he supposed his only answer would have to be an eventual yes.
“Then that’s their loss.  Of course, they may not have seen where that curiosity leads you in the bedroom, and they’re certainly not going to, either, if I have any say in the matter.”
"Oh yes, that's a great idea and, of course, I choose you."  John grinned and was only a little disappointed when Sherlock started with his shoe.  He could be patient; he tried to convince himself of that at least.  "Next question, come on."
"It isn't that bad, honestly.  You'll be stronger, rapid recovery from injury, heightened senses, immortality... me...; if that's something you still want?"
“Having an orgasm now sounds good, John, but you appear to still be wearing too many clothes for that to happen.”
“I can’t agree to arbitrary things like that.  Cooking was quite fun, though – it’s all chemistry, of course.”
John had been with the RAMC and had been seconded to provide medical cover to a Special Forces mission team going in to a hostage rescue situation.  They had got the hostages safely out of the building where they were being held, after John had patched up the injuries of the walking wounded.  The worst was a soldier with a knife wound to the stomach so, after packing the injury and applying tension bandages, John and one of the rescue team rigged up a stretcher and carried him to their destination.  Unfortunately, when they were almost back to their evacuation point, they were targeted by a rogue shooter and John took a bullet to the shoulder.  The team took out the assailant before he could attack the in-bound chopper and they were able to drag John on-board and apply pressure whilst they headed back to base.  He was taken straight in to surgery and they managed to sew up his wounds but the ricochet from the bullet against the bone had caused some nerve damage and left him with a slight tremor in his hand.
“Ah, there you are, Inspector.  I’ve just been sent over from the station to do a quick gun inspection.  If I could just have that for a moment?”  Sherlock took the gun out of the hands of a stunned Matthew, quickly emptied the bullets out and put them into his coat pocket.  He took another handful of bullets out of his other pocket and proceeded to reload the gun.
I would love to try all those things you suggest.  I can’t wait to have you focus your amazing abilities fully upon me.  I’m sure you would be thorough in all things, not leaving an inch of me untouched and just imagining that is enough to get me going.
John looked shocked at such a blunt admission.  He had never expected Sherlock to admit to that so openly but it was clear that he meant every word.
John looked gratefully at Sherlock and shoved his hands into the sleeves.  He looked like a child playing dress-up in his Dad’s clothes with the hem of the coat brushing the top of his shoes and the cuffs beyond the tips of his fingers.  Sherlock grinned at him and folded the sleeves back so skin was at least visible.
This time Sherlock held on to John’s thighs as he bent in and swiped his tongue across the tip, dipping right into the slit and tasting the little droplet.  He rolled it around in his mouth, tasting every flavour, almost analysing it John imagined.  He quickly went back for more and licked his way all round the head, seeing which parts made John shudder and focusing on them for a few moments before trying somewhere else.
“I have it safe, don’t worry.”  He reached into his pocket and drew out a thick cloth and gave it to Sherlock.  “It looks quite fresh.  Do you think you’ll be able to tell how it died?”
He walked up the stairs with the bottles rattling in his bag to encounter Sherlock in the doorway of the kitchen.
"You're definitely strong enough.  Look how you stopped yourself from feeding on me on your very first day.  You've done amazingly well, John, I'm really proud of you.  I'd say you're more than capable if you think you're ready to go back."
“Come over here then.  If you don’t want anything else then I don’t want to move.  You made me feel fantastic and now I just want to lie here with you and fall asleep.”
“We’ve amassed all the props we need except for three items.  A boy from our halls is going to source one of them for me; the sports teacher is going to allow us to borrow a pistol with blank cartridges and a lock box in which we have to keep it between performances; and John and I are going to make the third.  The large furniture we need is all there in storage and we can bring that over whenever you’re ready to start using it for rehearsals, so there should be no problems with anything else.”
Sherlock came back and sat in front of John.  He leaned over the box in John's lap to give him a soft kiss.
Now, though, he was traipsing around their usual haunts on his own, seeing signs that Sherlock had obviously been there, but as soon as John arrived he seemed to have disappeared.  He’d tried sneaking in to the house but Mrs Hudson, the housekeeper, seemed to have a second sense about it, knowing their usual habits, and told him that Sherlock wasn’t around or didn’t want to see him.
“Thank you, Mr Johnson; you’ve been great and so supportive.  Thanks for all your help and for letting us use your equipment.”
Sherlock's face fell.  When he got something in his mind he liked to get on with it straight away, as John knew only too well.
John swallowed a little with very weak sucks at Sherlock’s wrist and then his mouth just stopped and fell slack against Sherlock’s skin.  Sherlock grabbed John to him and held him tight as he felt John’s heart beat for the last time.  He buried his face in John’s hair and rocked him, praying to anyone that would listen that John would come back to him.
“Come here, love.”  Sherlock blushed at the endearment and John smiled; they hadn’t used them before but John had wanted to try that out to see if it fit.  He liked it; especially if it made Sherlock react like that.
Sherlock sighed.  “I don’t bite, John.”  Then he grinned wickedly before adding, “Well, not unless you ask me nicely anyway.”
I have a map of London in my head and frequently walk the streets and alleyways to keep everything current.  St Barts is an area I have studied thoroughly so I’m sure I would be familiar with all your usual haunts.  Of course, many alterations may have been made in the month and a half I have been away.  I can’t wait to get out of here again, if only to get back to the heart of my city.
Anger crossed John’s face and he leaned forward ready to slam his drink down on the desk.  Before he actually got out of his chair though, Mycroft held up his hand.  John paused for a moment, waiting to see what Mycroft said next before he decided whether to punch him or just storm out.
John charged down the street not even looking where he was going until he found himself in their park, back on the bridge where it all began.  How could everything have changed so much in a couple of hours?  He had been happier than he could ever remember being and then suddenly Sherlock had thrown this bombshell in his face and what the hell was he supposed to do now.  He rested his arms against the struts of the bridge and tried to reason it all out.
Greg put his hand on John’s head as he leaned forward to take one of Greg’s nipples into his mouth.  Greg’s other hand was in Sherlock’s hair, holding on for dear life as his mouth was devoured by the younger man.  The difference in texture of hair of the two men was only subconsciously noted as his body was overwhelmed with all the different sensations flowing through him.  Greg’s hands tightened on them both for a moment as he pulled his head back to draw breath.
He moved his fingers over Sherlock’s cheeks, squeezing them and sliding his fingers across each side and down the middle before circling back up along the base and to the top.  He did this a few times, going lower on each sweep and circling the hole lightly as he passed over it.  Sherlock groaned deeply as he felt the feather-light touches.  He tried to push his hips up higher to get John to press harder but John resisted all his efforts, keeping his touch light and teasing.  Only when Sherlock stopped pushing did he pause his circling and linger over it.
“You’re welcome, I guess.”  Greg smiled tentatively at John.  “So maybe you should tell me about vampires.”
He sent men in undercover to infiltrate the region to look for you and they got word that there were a unit of rebels who had a white doctor with them, treating some of their soldiers.  He managed to find out that you were captured by the people who shot you down and were being held as a hostage whilst they waited to see if you lived or died.  When you partially recovered from your own injury you were press-ganged into helping their soldiers as and when they got injured.
“How do you feel about him?  You have said that he was always decrying any involvement, but you didn’t say what you said in that situation.”
“Don’t seem so down, it’ll give us something to focus on next term. Plus, we break up in a couple of days and then we have Christmas to look forward to and we’ll see each other right after so that’ll be brilliant.”
John managed to walk Sherlock backwards whilst still kissing him, until Sherlock found the back of his knees hitting the bed and he sat down abruptly.  John followed along and sat himself astride Sherlock’s hips, his hands sinking into Sherlock’s soft, wavy hair, holding him tightly so he could kiss him even more deeply.
Don’t be daft!  Of course I wouldn’t ignore you or tell you to piss off.  What you did there was absolutely amazing.  You got all that from two photographs?  How could I not be impressed by that?
John and Sherlock moved over to stand by Julian.  It didn’t look as if he would be doing any escaping in the near future, though; he had just collapsed in his seat, staring blankly ahead, muttering incoherently
“Oh, he’s just amazing with his fingers, Greg.  They’re so long and they can reach so deeply inside you, you’ll love it.  Can you feel him, is he there?”
“I know, I know, still, I’ll feel better and Greg could just as easily cover for me if I make a mistake and do something I shouldn’t be able to so it’ll work all round.”
Bliss is how he’d probably describe it.  John’s life was pure bliss.  He had been together with Sherlock now for a whole month and it had never been so wonderful.  They had had some good cases involving hours of research, long chases and many chances for Sherlock to show off his genius and when everything was solved they would return home and have sex over every piece of furniture in the flat.
The twice weekly rehearsals went on apace.  It wasn't long until they were practising with the scenery sets in place, so they could do proper entries and exits and really block out the whole play, as it would be on the day.  Everyone now knew their lines, even the two understudies, who had had to learn the whole play, not just individual characters, as they could be called on for any of the roles if necessary.
Sherlock loved it when John touched him like that.  He didn’t think John even realised what he was doing; that he was inadvertently giving off ‘hands off, he’s mine’ signals; certainly not in the beginning when he had started doing it anyway.  Now he seemed a little more blatant about it and Sherlock was secretly thrilled that John was showing a possessive interest in him.  He tried to reward John by smiling deeply at him whenever he was touched and the positive reinforcement seemed to be working as John had begun doing it more often.  He would put his hand on Sherlock’s back when he ushered him through a door or brush his fingers across Sherlock’s hand when passing him a cup of tea.  Sherlock made sure to reciprocate on the exceedingly rare occasions he put the kettle on which was usually only when he was trying to get back in John’s good books after a minor explosion in the kitchen or when John discovered one of his jumpers had been experimented on, ‘obviously to validate a vital alibi, John’.
"Yes, I said I would have to speak to you, as to whether you would want to be invaded, again, so soon after the last holiday."
By the time John had changed yet again and finished his last patient it was five forty five and he had had way more than enough.  He had only had half a sandwich all day, which he had grabbed as he’d walked through the break room after changing for the second time, and he was starving.  His headache had been hovering all day as he hadn’t had enough water to hydrate himself after last night’s drinking and had only managed one cup of tea which had been cold by the time he’d eventually drunk it with a couple more tablets.
Sherlock pulled back completely and smirked.  “Maybe we should save anything more strenuous for when your shoulder is a little more healed.”
“I don’t care what he was saying.  You’re all twice his age and you should know better.  Now, unless you want me to go and get that policeman over there, you should get out of here and never bother him again.”
By the time they’d finished in the house, there were other people about, so Sherlock led them down the back stairs and outside to some of the other buildings.  On the way past the kitchen they picked up some sandwiches and drinks, which Sherlock managed to charm out of Mrs C.  She’d always had a soft spot for Sherlock and was forever trying to feed him up, so she was happy to provide lunch for him and his friend.
I always knew I liked Mrs H.  What a fantastic idea.  I would love to get our own place, where we don’t have to bunk in with noisy, partying students – not that I’m averse to a party but every night was a bit much, wasn’t it.  It’ll be nice to have an actual residence where I can officially lay my hat when I’m home; I was a bit rootless just sleeping on my sister’s sofa.  I’m spending hardly any of my pay over here so I’m happy to put all of that towards a deposit and rent money and I’ve included a cheque to start us off.  Let me know when you have the details and I’ll set up a permanent standing order.  Is the flat furnished?  If not, use the money to get some essentials as well and set it up nicely for us.  I can’t wait until I can be over there with you again.
John sat back up for a moment, leant forward to give Sherlock a long, slow kiss and looked into his eyes.  Sherlock smiled back at him, knowing what was coming; just as he’d known all along what had happened to John today and exactly what he had needed to make the world right again.
They didn’t head straight home when they were discharged.  Mycroft had been in touch – several times, much to Sherlock’s chagrin – and had suggested they make use of the family estate in France to give Sherlock time to recuperate.  Loath as he was to take anything from his brother, Sherlock had seemed to perk up when he had heard this.  He explained to John that he had spent many happy summers there with his Grandmother when he was growing up and even Mycroft had been fun in those days and had played with him and helped him with the experiments with which he had been obsessed even at such a young age.
It certainly seems to me, if you can do things like that just from a comment in a letter, that you would make an excellent Consulting Detective.  Maybe it would be easier if you had an individual person you could contact and talk to about your insight into cases rather than bombarding the general police switchboard.  You might be able to build up a rapport with one person and be more likely to be believed if they see the proof of your results.  I’d certainly trust in your skills after what I’ve seen already.
"Oh, it's no imposition at all.  As I said, it was lovely to have him, and he kept Sherlock out of mischief."
Sherlock’s immediate retaliation was to lean forward and suck one of John’s balls into his mouth, rolling it around with his tongue and pulling the skin taut.  John clutched convulsively at Sherlock’s upper leg as he let out a long moan and shuddered.  When he opened his eyes again, after Sherlock finally let go, he saw that Sherlock was smiling at him and raising an eyebrow as if to say ‘your turn’.
It was only two o’clock so he probably had a couple of hours before John got back.  He lay back on the bed, deciding to make himself comfy whilst he waited.  He put the jumper over his chest so the edge of it was covering his lower face and he just relaxed, going to his mind palace whilst he tried to imagine how the rest of the day was going to play out.
He obviously counted John and himself out of the suspicions, along with Greg and Matthew.  Greg was too invested in the production to sabotage it, or its stars, in any way, and Matthew had looked genuinely surprised and reacted instantaneously when he'd heard the noise.  Which left him with Sally and Anderson to consider?  Sally was looking annoyed at the disturbance and had quickly come over to check the damage to their props.  She’d been ignoring Jasmine's hysterics as much as possible.  Anderson appeared harassed and was chasing around after her, trying to help, but mainly just getting in the way.
They went back every lunch break and by the end of the week all the pieces were cut and planed and they were ready to be assembled.  Everything fitted together perfectly, and Mr Johnson came over to see how they were getting on.
“I know, it’s fine.  I forgot for a moment.”  Sherlock pushed John back down again and kissed him to stop him apologising again.  He looked down as him with an evil grin on his face.  “I can see that next time I want to torment you, I’ll have to make sure you’re tied down properly.”
Sherlock used his lock-picks to open the door and they crept in to the kitchen.  They could hear the noise from a TV in the front room so they edged along the wall, John drawing his gun and pushing Sherlock behind him, being more used to these incursion tactics.  He did a crouched sweep of the room but it was empty.  John beckoned Sherlock forward and he passed him into the room to feel the seat of the chair in front of the TV.
Mrs Hudson suggested he flatten it a little to enable it to cook right through and when he was done he put it on a baking tray and she put it the oven below the second tray of tarts as it would take longer to cook with the size of it.  When it finished cooking Sherlock decorated it with the jam and it did look quite genuinely like a heart.
“I haven’t really needed to go out and find somebody I was interested in because I already had someone here with whom I wanted to spend my time.  You, in fact.  I want to spend my time with you.  Well, I do spend my time with you, I know.  But I mean I want to spend more time with you and do other things.  Different things.  More… more romantic things.  Hell, I want to do everything with you. Let’s just be done with it and admit it - I love you, Sherlock and I want to be in a relationship with you.  There I’ve said it and if you want me to leave that’s fine, I’ll get packed as soon as I can.”
Sherlock and Martin were woken a couple of hours later by an exceedingly loud bird screeching at them from the end of the wall; clearly annoyed that they were encroaching on its territory.  It flew to a nearby fence to keep an eye on them whilst they stretched and packed up their things, ready to head off now that the weather had cleared.
“Of course, John.  I know I can’t provide you with reminiscences of your army days but we have had a plethora of adventures of our own this last year to recall, and I would be happy to regale you with tales of my earlier cases.”
They ambled back towards Shaws, saying how much they had all enjoyed the film but none of them seemed prepared to go in to too much detail regarding the plot so Sherlock assumed that Mike and Molly had seen as little of it as had he and John.  He had enjoyed his afternoon much to his own surprise, though, and he was glad that he'd allowed himself to be talked into going to the cinema.
They manoeuvred John on to his bed and Sherlock stopped his hands as he did his best to start ripping off his clothes.  John grabbed on to Sherlock’s hands and held him there, pulling one hand up to his mouth and sloppily kissing it.  Sherlock looked helplessly at Greg who winked kindly at him and zipped his lips making Sherlock feel better.
“Why are you putting yourself through this, Dr Watson?  All you need to do is tell us what Sherlock Holmes knows?”
He remembered that conversation with John about being married to his work.  He hadn’t quite known what to do at the time.  He had thought that John was trying to ask him out and he was in the middle of an exciting case and hadn’t wanted the distraction but did he still feel that way now?  The work certainly did come before everything else; the thing was, he considered John part of the work, so where did that leave him?  Did he feel uncomfortable about it?  He considered his current swirl of feelings – shock at this new information, surprise that once again John had done something unexpected, confusion of his own reaction, but not discomfort.  This bore further consideration.
They were pretty evenly matched to begin but John had slowly started to edge ahead and had just taken a large pot.  Moran was starting to get frustrated and was getting a bit rash and betting larger and larger sums of money.  John was matching him, determined to keep this going for a while longer.  He knew Moran’s moods whilst he was playing cards and had decided that the best way to get him to talk was to get him good and riled up first and then let him have a victory and think he had got one over on John.  He had also told Mycroft that Moran’s tongue got looser the more he drank, so they were keeping the table well supplied with alcohol; watering down John’s drinks and tripling the alcoholic contents of Moran’s.
Freddie, himself, was taking no notice of Hannah so he obviously didn't know about her little crush.  He did glance at Natalie occasionally, but only when Jasmine was focusing hard on what she was doing and wasn't paying attention to him.  So did that mean Freddie knew Jasmine was jealous of Natalie for some reason?  Yes; Natalie clearly must have been dating Freddie before Jasmine.  It didn't look as if either Natalie or Freddie were completely over each other as he could see the looks of wanting from Freddie as much as he could from Natalie.  Obviously, Jasmine must have stolen Freddie away from Natalie; maybe it was a popularity thing.  These teens tended to put so much importance in being seen with the right people and, to all intents and purposes, it seemed that Jasmine was the 'right' person - well, she certainly appeared to think so anyway.
“Umm… I dare you to tell Mycroft he has an enormous protuberance in the middle of his face,” Sherlock snickered.  He knew John tried to avoid talking to Mycroft if at all possible so that should be amusing.
Sherlock pulled John back to let the others pass and then went over to the shelves where they had stored all the props.
“There are quite a few outfits for the men to wear as the style of trousers and shirts aren’t too different.  We even have an army uniform which we can use for Major Metcalf’s costume if you want him to be in the full garb.  We may need to make a few skirts for the girls as they are a completely different style to anything we have now, but I think we’ll be able to alter most things we need.”
John put his coat on and heading out.  He managed a grateful smile to the receptionist when she told him that Sarah had rung in to say she was feeling better and would be back tomorrow so he didn’t have to come in again until his next scheduled shift on Friday.  It was the first pleasant thing that had happened all day.  Maybe things were finally looking up.
"Like I said, anything you need, Sherlock.  Come back soon and I'll try once again to take your money."
“Oh well, okay if he’s a Specialist, that’ll be what John needs.  I didn’t think you spoke to your brother.”
"Well, I'm not usually bothered about it.  I'm normally just so pleased to have everybody else gone from the house, that I just enjoy the time to myself."
They had great fun running from one spot to another and Sherlock enjoyed having someone else being so enthusiastic to join in with his experiments.  When they had filled all their bags they headed back to the manor.
When Greg was happy with how that scene was panning out, they moved on to the next scene, which was the arrival of the first guest, Christopher Wren, played by Oliver.  This scene took a little longer to play out and they tried it in several different ways.  First Greg had Jasmine opening the door and then he tried it with Freddie doing it, seeing which worked better.  The character of Christopher was a flighty young architect and Mollie was supposed to take to him instantly and Giles wasn’t, so they decided it worked better with Mollie opening the door and Christopher flirting with her, which inspired the instant dislike from Giles.
Sherlock smiled.  “I do enjoy how you have so many of these ‘best ever’ moments, John; it quite does something for one’s ego.”
“A challenge was laid down and must be answered.  You stated that you had full control of your body and fulfilment was unnecessary.  I wish to refute your statement and prove that I can make you lose that control.  Tonight, your body is mine and I’m going to do everything in my power to show you how necessary that fulfilment really is.”
Thank you so much for the cake.  You are an absolute genius: a) to arrive at the correct coffee shop; b) to solve a crime on the spot; and c) to persuade Mrs H to make a cake just for me.  You even remembered that I’d said coffee cake was my favourite.  This is the exact cake I have been craving since I came over here.  I used to have a slice every time we all met up there, which was often, and Mrs H would always save me a piece if she knew I was due in that day.  To have one made especially for me is sheer indulgence.  Did you try a slice whilst you were there?  If not I’ll have to take you there when I’m back and you can taste it for yourself.
“John.  Wait, please.  I’m not going to hurt you.  I don’t kill people.  I did ask you not to freak out.”
The smaller props were all housed at the far end on rows of shelves, so they carried on down to that area.  Sherlock gave everyone a copy of the list he had made.  The play was set in the 1940’s so they would need all old fashioned props.  He told them what sort of things to look out for and to make sure things weren’t too modern looking.  They each wandered over to a set of shelves and hunted through for anything they could use.
Moran dumped a wad of cash on the table and the croupier gave him a pile of chips.  He took a spare chair which had conveniently opened up across from John and they settled in to play.
“Not bad.  All of that did happen so you obviously don’t have amnesia which is good.  When we were dancing you seemed to be getting more and more drunk.”
"You were always a very careful student, John; I know I can trust you to be safe around the machines.  If you were to come in a couple of lunch times, to do the work between classes, then I'd be around if you needed any assistance.  I have lunch in my work room, but I'll leave you to get on with it yourselves."
Sherlock couldn’t wait to try that himself so when he recovered he pulled John’s shirt completely off as it was already un-tucked.  He took a moment to enjoy the sight of John’s rugby-toned body.  It was a nicely tanned colour too, as compared to Sherlock’s paler chest, but if the delight in John’s eyes was anything to go by, John didn’t seem to mind the difference.  Sherlock dragged his fingers down John’s chest and circled his nipples a few times before pressing against the nubs.
“Well, thanks, Sherlock.  The perfect attitude to suit my mood.  Now, I definitely need to kick things off!”
“Me, too.  All I could think was that it was too late.  I’d missed my chance and I’d have done anything to have gone back and done it differently.  Are you really telling me that you want that, too?”
They set off to collect soil from several different areas of the park.  John held the bag whilst Sherlock dug down to get a good sample.  When each bag was filled they carefully tied it up and John wrote the precise location that Sherlock described to him so they would be able to analyse exactly what differences were to be found in each area of soil.
They swam a few lengths at a more sedate pace, trying different strokes and checking each other’s techniques.  After practising some diving they did a little more swimming, before John tipped his head back to do some floating, which he always enjoyed.  Sherlock copied him and floated for a while but, of course, he didn’t have the patience to just lie there for long.  He righted himself and moved far enough away, so he could lift his feet to the surface and kick a load of water right in John’s face.  John sat up, choking and spluttering, after swallowing what felt like half the pool.  He shot over to where Sherlock was laughing his head off and dunked him under the water.  He came up coughing just as much as John had been.  They both laughed and played around some more, trying to pull the other’s trunks down, without getting caught themselves.
“As always, you see but you do not observe.  Lestrade has always poorly concealed an interest in me and since you arrived on the scene you have also been on his radar.  He has never acted on it; first because he was married, then he had the hassle of his divorce proceedings and then because you and I got together.  Believe me he won’t say no to an offer of having us both.”
They carried Matthew up to his room, deciding that was easier than seeing him struggle to hop all that way.  They left him settled on his bed with a book to read.  They headed back to the drama studio to see what had happened in their absence.
“Sherlock.  It’s me again.  I hope you’re listening up there, though you do know it’s very rude not to answer, don’t you?  I’m sure even that must have sunk in somewhere along the line.  Of course, I’d probably have to have myself committed if you did respond, but let’s not go down that road.  Greg came round yesterday and I actually let him in so that we could talk.  I told him I’d accepted that it wasn’t his fault and that I knew he was only doing his job, but it had just hurt that he didn’t trust you.  He said that stupid Chief Inspector I chinned had given him no choice and he did believe in you so that made me feel a bit better.  I still refuse to talk to the other two though – they’re the ones who made him do it.  I know I should be forgiving them too, but that may take a little longer.  Who am I kidding – that will take a lot longer and far more energy than I wish to waste on them so let’s just leave it at that.  Anyway, I just wanted to say I love you and I miss you and I wish I could tell you that in person.  Why did you have to leave me, Sherlock?”
Mrs Hudson has just brought me up a plate of scones – I must have forgotten to eat again because I was absolutely ravenous and they’ve all gone already.  She said to say hello and she’s going to bake you a special cake again soon for me to send with my next letter.
Upon landing, Sherlock was met by one of Mycroft’s ubiquitous black cars which took him to Mycroft’s secondary private office in Vauxhall Cross.  Obviously he didn’t want Sherlock to be seen at his public office in Whitehall as he still didn’t officially exist at the moment.
John’s eyes lit up when he saw Sherlock.  He was wearing a jet black suit with a deep purple shirt of the precise colour that John had known would suit his friend perfectly, and he was right.  Sherlock had got an especially tight one and the way it outlined his body under the jacket looked delicious.  In fact, even though they had just relieved themselves in the shower, he found he already couldn’t wait to get Sherlock back here after the party and strip him out of it.
They both took hold under John’s arms and pulled him up.  They put his arms around their shoulders so they could walk him forwards with little input from himself, which was fortunate.  It was slow progress, but they eventually got him up to his room.  They’d had to stop at one point and Sherlock and Greg fake laughed whilst Sherlock held John’s head up by the back of his hair, so that it looked as if they were just having a joke together when one of the teachers walked by them.  Greg leaned John against Sherlock as he went to open the door.  John pressed his head into Sherlock’s neck and took a deep sniff.
“Don’t be daft, you don’t need taming.  You just needed a reason to want to behave and a welcome distraction from all the bores.  If I can provide that service for you then I am happy to do so.”  John laughed.
I am pleased you got to have cake if that is what you enjoy.  I don’t think it was quite such good news for your colleague though, as that sounds like a guilt parcel to me.   Severe overcompensation probably covers a heavily guilty conscience.  It might be wise for him to check into his girlfriend’s current activities in his absence.  I wouldn’t recommend asking his best friend from home though as he is most likely the other party involved.  It is common for such people to get together to talk about their absent shared friend and reminiscing easily leads on to consolation and other more carnal pursuits.
“Are you sure; those could just as easily be talon marks?”  John laughed as he said it, finally giving up on his teasing.  Sherlock looked at the amusement on John’s face and smirked back at him.
“Okay, well, let me know when you know what it is.  I’d better get to my place; I’m on in a minute.  Be careful, Sherlock.”
John chased after Sherlock, thinking he must have dashed off quickly as he couldn’t see him anywhere.  He was suddenly grabbed by an arm sticking out from behind the wall where Sherlock had ducked as soon as he was out of sight and now he pulled John in too, kissing him and chuckling at the surprise on his face.
They moved on to the fourth in the line as the other team had already cleared the second one and moved on to the third.  As John waited for one of the men to again cut their way in he looked over to the fifth warehouse.  This one was slightly further out on its own and once again surrounded by high weeds.  John tensed as he thought he saw a flash of light from one of the low windows, probably the basement.  The team leader standing next to him had felt the movement and looked at him questioningly.
The driver swerved again, weaving to avoid cars and also to keep John and Sherlock unbalanced.  Sherlock kept held of John this time and they made their way further down towards the driver.  He saw them coming closer and pulled out his gun, aiming over his shoulder.  Sherlock pulled John down as the driver shot high then Sherlock kicked his leg against the back of the seat, pushing the driver forward and banging his head against the steering wheel.  The van veered again and this time the driver was too dazed to straighten up and they crashed into a lamp post.
Sherlock looked dumbstruck.  He had never had anyone stand up for him like that before.  John stroked his cheek when he saw that look.
“Hi everyone.  Hopefully you should all have had the chance to familiarise yourself with the script now so what we’ll do is read through the whole thing first of all.  I’ll do the stage directions and if you would all read your own parts, that’d be great and we’ll get a feel for how it all goes.  Then we’ll go through it again scene by scene and I’ll tell you how I was envisioning it and you can all add in any thoughts you may have too.  If any of the crew have ideas with relation to their own particular areas we can put that into the mix too and see what we come up with at the end.  Everyone okay with that?”
Now, finally, the day had arrived and he hugged his mum and sister goodbye at Peterborough Station, as they were continuing their journey on to Kings Cross, whilst he was changing lines and heading towards Norwich, where Sherlock would be waiting to meet him and take him onwards to his home.  Once the train his mum and sister were taking had left, John went over to the platform to wait for his own, as it wasn’t due in for another twenty minutes.
Please get in touch in some way – even if it’s to tell me never to contact you again.  I’m sorry for anything I may have done to upset you, but please let me know that you are safe.
It took a good six weeks for John to be completely recovered and even then he still had twinges in his fingers from where they had been so badly broken.  He did physiotherapy exercises each day to get full mobility back.  Luckily it wasn’t his trigger finger but he still didn’t want a residual weakness to slow him down.
John didn’t share any lessons with the other student, obviously, or he would have known who he was.  He always kept a look out for him when he was walking around the university, though, just in case he spotted him and could work out something more about him.
Nervous.  Why was he nervous - he didn't have nervous feelings?  He didn't allow any 'feelings' to interfere with his life.  That's what it appeared to be, though.  Butterflies in his stomach.  What a ridiculous analogy.  First of all, that would be a physical impossibility.  Secondly, in a bizarre world where butterflies could survive the passage down the alimentary canal, how would anyone know what that felt like?  Finally, even if that were a thing, it wouldn't be happening to him.
“We can and do eat; well I certainly still do, though it isn’t a necessity any more.  His Nibs has always been a fussy eater, as I’m sure you’re aware.  At least now it’s more understandable how he managed to stay alive without eating for such long periods of time.”
“You’ve never been at a disadvantage in your life.  Was it all some big joke?  See how long we can string out the stupid doctor and make him weep?”
John jumped up and went back to the counter.  He came back with four more on a tray with a jar of jam this time.
They walked around back streets and alleys, Sherlock knowing exactly where they were at all times and showing John shortcuts he'd never noticed which would get him to places that he commonly visited in half the time.  As they strolled around Sherlock regaled John with interesting facts about their surroundings.  True, many of them were concerning crimes that had taken place in the vicinity, both in the long distant past and also more recently, but John found it all fascinating.
He tried to think about what he had been doing before he fell asleep but his mind was a bit foggy.  It slowly clarified and he remembered being kidnapped and Sherlock rescuing him and coming home from the hospital.  So who was he lying on then?  It couldn’t be…?  John opened his eyes and then rapidly closed them again.  It was; it bloody was!  Why was he lying on Sherlock?  Had he messed everything up?
"I know you can but it doesn't mean you have to."  John laughed.   "This is Sherlock, by the way.  I'm sure you'll see us back here very soon - he's a big fan of your scones now, too."
They simultaneously sank their fangs into Greg’s pulse points and drank deeply.  Greg shouted out as he felt John push into his arse and Sherlock rubbing their cocks, the two of them drawing the pleasure directly out of his body along with his blood.  He came harder than he ever had in his whole life, shuddering throughout his whole body and passing out in total blissed out perfection.
Sherlock slid across the bed and rested his hand on John’s waist as John wrapped his own around Sherlock’s neck and brought his face into easy reach.  He leant forward and pressed his lips softly against Sherlock’s own, tasting and nibbling gently as he and Sherlock settled their bodies comfortably against each other.
John spent the next hour telling Greg everything he had learned from Sherlock and what he had experienced so far, how he was reacting to the changes and how much he still felt exactly like himself but just with a few extra added features.
John laughed, “I was saying ‘don’t come’.  Just the sight of you in front of me and the feel of your tongue against my cock is driving me nuts.  I’m trying not to come before we even get started.”
He quietly listened to a couple more messages.  They were becoming weekly now as John was settling in to a routine.  His humour was also starting to pop up a little more here and there as he was slowly getting better.
Sherlock beamed at the praise.  John seemed to have an endless supply of pleasing comments which he was never shy of sharing with Sherlock, and Sherlock appreciated every one.
“About three months ago when Sherlock decided he wanted to include biting in our sexual repertoire and believe me I have never looked back since.”
“I will put out some feelers regarding the situation with Sherlock immediately but I don’t want to just send you charging in and mess up his operation unnecessarily if he is merely undercover; you know how he would take that.  Let me handle this one for now, John, until we have a better understanding of what is happening.  If you wish to be of assistance, perhaps we can follow up on this information that you have received from Sherlock’s associate.  Do I assume you have an address where we might locate Moran, if it is he?”
Mycroft put all the packages and John’s luggage in the boot and Sherlock and John got in the back so they could catch up on everything they had missed – not that there was an awful lot, of course, as nearly every occurrence they had experienced had already been shared through their constant texting.
He remembered when they had made up the code.  Sherlock had thought it slightly ridiculous but John had pointed out that they might need a way to communicate messages which would not be intercepted by other people.  Their system had worked successfully with coded phrases as John had reminded Sherlock about using ‘Vatican Cameos’ when they had been confronted by the CIA in the case with The Woman.  He had finally acceded to John’s wishes and they constructed their coded language.  Though Sherlock had tried to pretend he found it juvenile, John knew he’d actually enjoyed doing it and they often left messages about mundane matters like buying milk just to practice.
“Oh, I… Well, if you’re sure.  That would be a lot easier, I wasn’t really looking forward to staggering my way up there.”
"You're welcome.  I just saw it and thought of you; the story that went with it was just a bonus."  It was John's turn to blush now at the sincerity in Sherlock's voice.  "Is it my turn now?"
“Loathe as I am to move from this spot, we really ought to get you unpacked so that we can get ready for later, John.  If you get out the clothes you want for the party, I’ll give them to Ivy to steam your suit for you, to take out any crinkles from packing.”
When they had a rest halfway through practise, Sherlock moved to the other side of the pitch so that when they changed ends he would, again, be on the same side as John.  He was determined to get the most out of his time here and certainly wasn’t interested in watching the actual rugby.
“What are you doing over here?  I think your table are all making free with the punch – which has been spiked, by the way – so, much good may it do you.”
“That’s it.  He’s filling you, isn’t he?  Those long fingers stroking you; feeling every inch of you.  That’ll be me soon.  I’ll be fucking deep into you; long, hard thrusts into that hot passage, feeling you squeeze me on every stroke.  And whilst all that’s going on, Sherlock will be deep-throating your cock, letting you fuck his mouth just like your best fantasy.  The things he can do with that tongue; masterful doesn’t even begin to describe it.  You won’t know where to put yourself.  Can you just picture it?”
“Ok, let’s start by introducing ourselves and saying what we’re all doing in this production.  I’m Greg Lestrade and I’m the director and if anyone has any problems or queries then please feel free to come and see myself or Sally at any time.”
He and Sherlock had been working together for almost a year now and it had been the most fun he had had for years.  They had hit it off from the moment of Sherlock’s very first deduction and John hadn’t stopped marvelling since.  If those feelings of amazement had morphed into a serious case of attraction, then that was nobody’s business but his own.
“By existing, John.  By standing here in front of me, being who you are.  By forgiving me for what I’ve done and not leaving me alone to rot.  By accepting me for who I am and, in spite of that, still allowing me to have what I want – what I never even knew I wanted until you came along.”
Sherlock charged off again and John ran after him.  Mrs Holmes stood at the bottom of the stairs, watching the boys happily chatting away as they went.  As she turned away she had a pleased smile on her face.  She had been a little doubtful to start with, but maybe hiring a gardener with a child would be a good decision after all.
They went into the changing rooms and Sherlock found them a pair of trunks each and got out some fluffy towels.  They quickly got changed and were back by the side of the pool.  Sherlock did a stylish swan dive into the water and surfaced halfway across the width.
“Ok, second.  Still, if you want to stop you will.  If you can’t then I’ll just push you off, it’ll be easier if you’re at the wrist.”
She got the tablets from her locked cupboard, the key hanging from a ring that was secured around her waist so there would be no chance for someone to have got hold of it from it being left lying around.
Refreshments were served in the interval with drinks and cakes (Mycroft was pleased to see that Sherlock hadn’t been merely teasing about that) available for the audience.  There was also a table of refreshments for the cast and crew in the green room, so that they could also take a quick break and revive themselves.
They had been friends since first starting this school when Sherlock had told John how he knew he’d been staying with his grandparents whilst his parents were trying to fix their marital problems, just by looking at the way his trousers had been ironed.  John had been amazed and impressed and things had flourished from there.
John grinned but took pity on Sherlock and dropped the subject.  He laid his coat across them both when the lights went out and allowed his hand to drift across to Sherlock's lap under its cover.  He slowly and quietly pulled down Sherlock's zip and released him from his jeans and boxers.  He had come prepared and had an absorbent tissue ready in his hand which he used to cover the head and he passed another over to Sherlock who did the same to him.
Sherlock spun into the room as he spoke and lashed out against the thug standing in front of John.  He kicked him hard, the point of his shoe connecting with the side of his knee, felling him to his knees in one hit.  The rapidity of the action and the shock of seeing someone burst in unexpectedly had left the man too stunned to provide an immediate response.  The chance was quickly taken away from him as Sherlock followed up with an upper cut, sending the man’s head snapping back at the impact and he collapsed to the floor in a heap, unconscious and no longer a threat.
Sherlock ended the call with a sigh.  He guessed he could allow it this once as his brother was providing necessary assistance and was, no doubt, already making a start on filing the paperwork needed to re-start his existence.  Plus, it would get him nearer to John and anything that did that was most definitely allowed.
"Don't look like that, tomorrow's not so far away.  I know; why don't we go and find Mike.  We still need to get those skis off him which I know he brought back to school with him.  Judging by the picture he showed you, they should be just what you need."
Sherlock smirked up at him.  “Merely saving the best ‘til last, John.  You wouldn’t want me to rush straight on to the main course without finishing my starter first, would you?  You’re always telling me I should eat full meals.”
Sherlock still had hold of John’s hand so he pulled him across the dance floor, keeping Jenkins in sight as they went.  John kept up easily, the thrill of the imminent chase distracting him completely from the fact that he had left his cane at their table.  As Sherlock and John burst into the foyer they were unlucky that Jenkins turned round and caught them looking intently at him.  He realised he'd been made and dashed to his left, heading towards the kitchen with them in hot pursuit.  Just as he was going to push through into the kitchen, one of the waiters came out with a trolley, blocking the doorway so he grabbed the trolley from the side and pushed it forward into their path, shoving the waiter towards them as well.
“Yeah, about that… does it always feel like that because even without any… um… intervention on your part, when I felt you… um… sucking my neck it was like pleasure was being drawn straight down my body?  It was incredible.”
“Maybe we ought to head back.  The others will be wondering where I am.  Shall we go to the common room; we'll have to pretend to be nothing more than friends, I know, but it's better than nothing?"
Sherlock joined in the laughter and they sat in companionable silence watching the storm unfold around them.
What he liked to indulge in most when John was stroking his scalp, was to lie with his head facing inwards to John’s body so he could look up into John’s face and watch the little smiles he gave every time he glanced down at Sherlock.  When Sherlock woke up in this position he would often find that John had dozed off, too, and he took great delight in slowly waking him up.  He would start by breathing over his crotch, the heat making John twitch and smile in his sleep.  He would progress to taking the rapidly enlarging organ into his mouth, material and all, and see how long it would take for John to actually wake up and realise what he was doing.  His best effort had been when he had taken John all the way to completion and John had only woken up when he had been coming in his pants, a bewildered but satisfied expression on his face.
John and the team flew out to Budapest in the early hours of the morning and got as much sleep on the plane as they could so they could hit the ground running.  Mycroft had secured them entry into a building in the square where Moriarty’s headquarters were based and where Sherlock had been temporarily working.
Sherlock sealed his puncture wound and licked all of John’s release, pressing kisses to his lower stomach as he went.  John took a little longer to finish; even though he could make himself stop on command now, he loved the special contact it allowed him with Sherlock so much that he was often loath to let it go.  He eventually pulled out and cleaned Sherlock up too.  He swung himself round and rested his head on Sherlock’s chest, cuddling up to the man who had come to mean everything to him.
“Well, no, actually; sorry to disappoint you.  I was wondering if we should maybe wait ‘til after New Year, when all the relatives have gone.  Mummy is going back to Berkshire with her sister for a few days, like she usually does, and I happen to know that Mycroft has to go back to the City too.  We would have the place to ourselves and could take our time, without being disturbed.”
“You’ll love it – although asking for the truth part is probably unnecessary for you as you know everything already,” John laughed.
John’s voice became muffled at the end as he covered his hand over the receiver and Sherlock heard him shouting to someone.
The play carried on as expected with everything proceeding as it should.  John went on and came off again, but he could see that Sherlock was still in thinking mode so he left him to it, and kept an eye on what everyone else was doing.
When John felt that Sherlock had drawn back from the edge he rocked his pelvis against him, moving their lower bodies together as he aligned their cocks and rapidly started the build-up once more.  The sensation of that friction rubbing against his shaft soon had Sherlock moaning again.  John made sure to push his whole length along Sherlock’s, brushing just under the head where he knew Sherlock was especially sensitive.
"It's a good job you have an end room with only an absent Mike on your other side, I don't think we succeeded in the attempt at keeping everything quiet; you're quite noisy it seems."
“Yes and Diazepam wasn’t a component of her cupboard either; I had a good look when she got your tablets.  That means it has to be something for the Doctor to prescribe, if it was needed, so it must have been for specific use for a person here, or they’ve got it from somewhere else, either off campus or maybe even brought from home.”
John quickly pushed himself up to a sitting position then groaned as his body objected to the too-fast movement.
Sherlock was quite overcome by the host of sensations travelling through his body.  He could feel each breath John took and counted his sleeping respiration rate, matching it against that which he had measured last night.  John appeared to have settled into an even deeper sleep now than he had then, did that mean he was more relaxed now?  Did he draw extra comfort merely from being next to another body or was it being next to Sherlock’s body specifically?
Mr Johnson left them to it and they were soon trying to push the dial in to position.  They had got the measurements and drilled a hole already, erring slightly on the side of caution, not wanting to have it too big.  It seemed to be just a little too small, however, so they got out the sand paper and smoothed the hole, taking a few millimetres off its core so that it fitted perfectly tightly in place.  They fastened in the bulb and attached the wire to the switch, which also slotted in snugly, and then slid the back cover into place and they were done.
The nurse nodded gratefully to Sherlock and followed the doctor out of the room.  She sat down at the desk outside the observation window so she would be able to keep an eye on John and her other patients whilst still leaving John and Sherlock some privacy.
"Because you intrigue me and I wanted to try it; you’re interested in me for my mind as well as just my face."
Sherlock’s lip twitched, awkwardly shy, but endearingly sweet in John’s eyes.  Sherlock bent forward and stroked his finger down John’s cheek and across his bottom lip.  John’s tongue slipped out and touched the tip and Sherlock gasped.  He leaned forward and captured John’s lips with his own; finally getting to taste what he had wanted all these years.  They only split apart when a slight groan from John sounded more like pain than pleasure.  The angle he was leaning over towards Sherlock was pulling on his stitches and, loath as he was to stop, he needed to move to somewhere more comfortable.
"Since we went to all the trouble of having to learn those fancy dances, what say we give them a whirl now?  Miss Donovan, would you care to dance?"
So did Sherlock drink blood?  He’d never seen it but that didn’t mean it didn’t happen.  He’d certainly bitten his own arm easily enough.  And John’s lip!  He remembered Sherlock sucking his lip when it had been nicked and then groaning in pleasure.  He hadn’t tried to bite John though and he’d certainly had plenty of opportunities.  In fact, Sherlock had ceded control to John of the whole encounter.  Was that how he liked it or had he just been letting John see that he wouldn’t try and make John do anything he didn’t want?  John had certainly enjoyed taking Sherlock but he had to admit he wanted to feel Sherlock inside him too.  Whoa, stop right there – vampire remember.  That wasn’t happening.  Nothing was happening ever again.  That was it, over, finished.
Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s thighs, scratching lightly at the skin as he went.  He slipped his hands round the back of John’s legs and did it again, causing John to flinch when he touched behind his knees.  He did it again as it was obviously a sensitive spot.  He slid his hands back up and this time he went as high as the bottom of John’s pants and trailed along the skin at the edge of the material with his thumb.  John shuddered above him and his cock bobbed at the attention.
John kissed Sherlock on the nose then flipped him again and held him down while he kissed his way across Sherlock’s jaw and down to his neck.  When John reached the pulse point on Sherlock’s neck he felt an almost overwhelming instinct overtake him to bite down so he followed through and his fangs sank into Sherlock’s vein.  There wasn’t a lot of blood there as Sherlock hadn’t eaten at all recently; firstly because they had been on a case and then because he had been too worried about John to bother about himself.  What was there, though, John started sucking.  Sherlock felt himself going a bit woozy as he really had barely enough blood to keep himself going right now.  He had to stop John before he went too far because John was in the grip of a feeding frenzy and would not be able to stop himself.  Sherlock used the last of his strength to knee John in the balls and the need to curl up and protect himself even overtook the urge to bite and John released Sherlock’s neck as he rolled away.
“What… What are you telling me?  Is this real?  It can’t be real; do you have fake teeth or something?  Is this some stupid joke?”
John yelled and his eyes shot open.  He stared at Sherlock above him for a moment before he nearly knocked him out because he sat up so quickly that their heads only just missed each other.  John leapt off the bed and backed away until he hit the wall, his hands outstretched, fingers convulsively opening and closing rapidly.  Sherlock wasn’t sure if John was reaching to grab him closer or push him away like an apparition so he sat on the edge of the bed to be as close as possible without being too intimidating.
Simon tried again to get a rise out of Sherlock.  "I hear you’ve actually stuck it out for a whole term this time, Sherlock.  How on earth did you manage that?  Did Daddy have to pay for a new wing?”
John stood in place for a moment, his teeth gritted and his one fist clenching as he worked through his anger and tried not to think about the fact that he was holding Sherlock’s coat in his other hand.  When he could ignore it no longer, his glance slipped down briefly to look at the thick, dark material before snapping back up and staring straight ahead.  His friend’s coat – a coat he would never wear again.  He’d never flip that collar up, looking so cool and pretending not to notice what he was doing.  He breathed through his nose a few times then sucked in his breath and cleared his throat.
Sherlock looked at him through his eyelashes and winked as he bent down to taste John’s areola.  John let out a deep groan and his grip tightened in Sherlock’s hair as his head fell back and he allowed himself to enjoy everything that was to come; knowing that it was going to be an amazing journey for both of them.
“Oh, of course.  Daddy has the run of the company ski lodge.  It has a couple of cabins joined on to a main building so we tend to have big parties in the evenings.”  Jasmine looked up and saw Julian listening in to their conversation.  “We always have great fun, don’t we, Julian.”
A serious expression fell over John’s face.  “I haven’t noticed anything myself.  Was it somebody sneaking around backstage?”
John laughed.  "I'll give you your due, you have thrown some wild bashes in your time; I just wasn't expecting this to be one of them.  Though I have to say, I have no objections to how it's turned out."  He smiled warmly at Sherlock who glanced down bashfully for a moment before rallying and reaching across to pass John his walking stick.
“Good plan.  Wait, how do you know my dad is with the police; no, never mind now; how do you know anything.  Sally go and get Mrs Featherstone, please, and I’ll go and get my Dad.  Julian, you stay here; this isn’t something we can deal with ourselves.  You attempted actual physical harm on one of us so it goes beyond our control.  John, Sherlock, would you make sure that Julian doesn’t try an escaping act in the meantime.  The rest of you can go and see your families, I guess, but don’t talk about this for now, until we find out what the authorities want to do.”
“I’m John Watson and I’m playing the part of Major Metcalf.”  John nodded at Greg, who took up the reins again.
“Me, too.  Seeing you running all round that field was temptation itself.  I just wanted to feel those hairs on your legs as you ran past me, to see if they were as soft as they looked.”
"I couldn't give a fuck about your findings.  You do not fucking bite me unless I am fucking awake and a willing participant to the preceding events.  I am not some kind of bloody toy for you to experiment on."
It seemed he was destined to wait a little longer as John didn’t appear in the canteen at lunch time either.  Sherlock didn’t go in there to get anything to eat – he only did that when John made him – but he stayed there for the full hour waiting for John to turn up but there was no sign of him.
“How are we going on the scenery and costumes?  Do you need any help to get things finished or are both teams on schedule?”
Greg’s jaw dropped again at the imagery Sherlock conjured up and the fact that it was Sherlock agreeing to these things.  John put his hand on Greg’s knee and he turned towards him.  John leaned forwards and pressed his lips against the corner of Greg’s open mouth.  It soon brought Greg out of his awed shock and he kissed back, his hand rising to cup John’s jaw.
John texted again when he was actually on the train and Sherlock told him that they were just approaching Norwich City Centre.  Mycroft had wanted to get there early to pick up some supplies for the party that Mummy needed, so they would be at the station in plenty of time for when John arrived.
“Sherlock was not prepared to allow any risks with regard to yourself and refused to reveal himself until he had removed the sniper targeting you.  It has proved a difficult task as he has not been able to do the searching in person, of course, as he is unable to reveal himself.  It seems that Moriarty sent his very best after you; his second in command – you should feel honoured.”
John lay still on the bed and Sherlock bent closer to listen as he heard John muttering under his breath.
"Mum, this is Sherlock's mother and his brother, Mycroft.  Mrs Holmes, may I introduce my mother and my sister, Harry."
“Nothing so common; a prize-winning, champion racehorse, Sherlock, at the very least.”  John and Greg laughed at the disdain on Sherlock’s face, though Greg soon relented and led the way inside.
“She’s actually arriving later this afternoon to see the play with my brother.  I would be happy to introduce her to you, if you wanted to discuss it with her.”
Sherlock proved to be a hit in this game – once John explained to him how to play.  He could tell by the way the other team were tensing themselves or fidgeting as to what shape they were going to make so he instructed his team to make the opposite shape to beat them.  Theirs was the only team that won 10 – 0 in their game, the others were all split fairly evenly.
“Of course, I would, but still no.  No-one else has ever been as accommodating as you with regards to my deductions.  You’re welcome to strut your stuff up there, but I’d rather not.  I’m willing to help you learn your lines though.”
I know it is ridiculous to be writing to you like this but I seem to have got into the habit of using this method as an outlet for my emotions.  Even in your absence you have been my guide in these things.  I’ve kept all the letters I’ve written to you whilst you’ve been away alongside all the letters I’ve received from you.  It somehow allowed me to keep you close.  Maybe I’ll show them to you some day, though I can’t say I’m especially proud of my emotional meltdown.
John smiled; delighted in the ‘we’ in that sentence.  He would like nothing more than to sleep beside Sherlock again.  He allowed Sherlock to gently pull him up and they got themselves ready for bed.
"What you mean is that you assessed all possible outcomes and decided to do it anyway because you could.  You didn't think of me at all."
I’m glad you were pleased about the flat and thank you for the cheque.  I settled things with Mrs H and signed the lease.  Unfortunately, that also meant I had to deign to speak to my brother to release some money from my trust fund and counter sign for me as I am under 21.  Loath as I was to make contact it has provided us with our own flat so I even said thank you to him when he left, as I know you would have wanted me to.  The flat is furnished and I have already moved all my things in so it will be ready when you next come home.  Do you have things in storage that you would like me to get out for you or is it all with your sister? – In which case I will leave you to deal with her; once was enough.
He led the way through to the bedroom where John could see more of the dark wood in the panelling across the whole wall behind the bed.  The rest of the walls were painted in a soft, pale blue, which lightened the atmosphere enough to give an airy spacious feel, and counteract the darkness of the wood.  There was another large picture window looking towards the lake and the forest behind.  John thought if it were his room, he would just sit there for hours on the comfy, padded window seat, staring at the beauty beyond.  Knowing Sherlock as he did though, he doubted his friend would sit still long enough to enjoy that, unless he was engrossed in a good book.
They moved down to the other end of the passage and as they got nearer they could hear some dull thuds.   Then John heard the most wonderful sound in the world; a sound he had thought lost to him forever.  He heard the deep, dulcet tones of Sherlock’s voice.  It was strained and he was gasping and pausing between words as if he couldn’t catch his breath but he was there and he was clearly alive.
“If it’s anything like what happened when you bit me before then I can think of nothing better.  I really want to feel you coming inside me when you do it.”
“You flatterer.  I’ll let you off then.”  Sherlock gave a small smile at the worried look on John's face.  "Relax, I'm teasing you.  It is obvious to me that, though you respect and like Greg, you don't feel anything more for him."
Sherlock was a nocturnal person.  He slept very little at the best of times and never when on a case, but when he did snatch a nap it was usually during the day leaving the nights free for him to wander the streets.  John had slowly found his own sleeping patterns getting later and later as he liked to join Sherlock for a walk in an evening and they would often be out past midnight just walking the streets and alleyways of London.  They usually included at least one of the parks as part of their route because Sherlock knew how much John liked looking at him in the moonlight and they would often pause at beauty spots where they could be seen to be enjoying the sights and John could surreptitiously gaze his fill at Sherlock and Sherlock could pretend not to notice.
“You were tired.  It happened.  You resisted the urge to drool all over me so I’m sure it’s permissible.”
“Sherlock, I… I don’t know what to say.  Thank you.  I want you more than anything too.  I just feel so lucky and honoured that I am the one you’re sharing yourself with.”
I have been trying to remember to eat for you, so please don’t be unhappy about that.  I’ve also been attempting to maintain an adequate sleeping pattern as well to please you, though I must admit that this worry has been keeping me awake more than anything.
What should he do now?  Should he text back – would Billy know what was going on or answer him even?  Or should he go to Billy’s ‘usual place’ and see if he was there?  He knew where that was and could probably get more information with direct questioning.  Plus, he would be able to observe Billy’s reactions and see exactly what he meant.  He obviously wasn’t as good as Sherlock, but he had picked up hints on visual observations under his tutelage and hoped he would be able to get to the bottom of this mystery.
I can’t tell you how relieved I was to get your letter and know that I hadn’t spoilt everything with my outburst.  Does this mean I can officially call you my boyfriend now instead of it just being in my head?
Mycroft had called in a top-flight orthopaedic specialist who was going to work on his fingers as he knew Sherlock would make everyone’s life hell if he didn’t have full mobility.  Whilst that was being done, a plastic surgeon was going to sew up his leg wound.  John knew Sherlock wouldn’t be bothered by scars, but he appreciated the effort to which Mycroft had gone in getting the very best.
John moved down to Sherlock’s chest and took particular pleasure in teasing Sherlock’s nipples and bringing them to stiff peaks.  As he leant over to take one into his mouth, he shuffled his bottom back so that it was pressing down on Sherlock’s hard shaft, rubbing it in the cleft between his cheeks as he rocked his pelvis against him.  Sherlock groaned as John sucked on the nipple in time with the motion and bit down on the nub.  John did this for a while, swapping between sides and running his hands along Sherlock’s abs as he went.  He peeked up at Sherlock as he did it, enjoying the way Sherlock’s face was pressed into his arm as he tried to keep himself still.  His eyes were squeezed shut and his teeth were digging in to his bottom lip as he tried to stop his hips from rocking up to rub wantonly against John.
“Hmmm, I suppose so.  I wonder if we could do a search of the rooms to see if anyone has pills hidden away?”
“John, you don’t seem to be able to finish a sentence.”  Sherlock smirked at him.  “Why don’t you ask me and find out.”
“That won’t be happening.  With any luck you’ll completely forget about this anyway so it won’t even matter.”
Hell – he was in hell!  The only thing he was focused on now was that it was nearing five o’clock and he only had four more to get through.  He had been thrown up on not once, not twice but three times, and the last one hadn’t even been his patient.  It had been the baby sister of his patient, sitting quietly in a carrier seat.  John had bent down to smile at her and she had chosen that exact moment to projectile vomit her recently consumed milk back into his face.  He had lost his jumper to the first episode, his shirt to the second and now he could feel the vomit dripping down from his face onto the scrub top into which he had changed.
John took the key to the chains which the team leader gave him and they carefully undid the clasps.  Sherlock slumped down against John’s chest and cried out as his arms were lowered to his sides; blood flowing through muscles that had been kept aloft for far too long, sending pain and pins and needles prickling throughout Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock gulped and clicked on the next entry from two weeks later.  He needed to get through these painful calls as quickly as he could or he didn’t know how long he would be able to hold back these tears.
“My second cup was blue, but I didn’t drink it because it got spilt, and I ended up with that cup that Jasmine gave me, do you remember?”
What Matthew had spotted, luckily just in time, was that the creaking noise was coming from the chandelier.  He had managed to push Jasmine out of the way just as it crashed down where she had been standing.  Matthew was holding his leg, and when the others gently rolled him away from Jasmine, they could see that he had a rip in his trouser leg with blood seeping through.
John bumped his shoulder and grinned and they moved away to get themselves a drink.  Sherlock logged the thought for later consideration, as to whether there was something he could make for John which he would treasure.
When had this happened?  How had this happened?  Why had this happened when he wasn’t there?  Had it only happened because he wasn’t there?  Was it only posthumous pondering or current fact?  Why didn’t he have any of these answers?  Why wasn’t he in front of John right now so that he could deduce the answers to all of these questions?  Although, that might not be possible even if John was here; personal emotions had always been a problem for him to deduce, especially if they involved John.  Ask him what John had eaten for breakfast, if he had a date, whether he’d slept badly – anything like that and he could tell you in an instant without even having to think about it.  Ask him if he ever thought John would love him and he’d have stared at you blankly wondering what you’d taken.
He had to admit that the anticipation of what lay ahead was also a big part of his sleeplessness.  He kept re-playing that message in his head.  Now that he had been made aware of his own feelings in the matter he really wanted to find out exactly what John had meant by ‘still’.  Was it something that had a possibility of actually happening?  He wasn’t the most adept at these emotion things, but he knew he could rely on John to know what to do – the man had certainly had enough girlfriends to know how these things worked.
Mummy was back in time for Sherlock’s birthday and she took them out for a meal in town to celebrate.  Sherlock actually enjoyed it for once, as John was there with him, even though he had to put up with Mycroft’s company, too.  Mycroft was staying overnight as he was going to be driving them back to college the next day.  They packed quickly when they got back from the meal and left everything by the door ready.  They spent their last evening together in bed; knowing that tomorrow night they would, unfortunately, be in their separate dorm rooms again.
“Needs must when John requires the best treatment available.”  Sherlock gave Greg a perfunctory nod and turned to pull the door closed.  “I’ll keep you updated.”
“’The curtains open on the sitting room of the hotel with the proprietor, Mollie Ralston listening to a news broadcast on the radio.’  Actually, before we go any further, I know this is sprung upon you a little, Sherlock, but I was wondering if you would consider being the voice of the radio newsreader?  I was going to do it myself, but I was listening to you talking to John after the match yesterday and I thought that deep tone would be perfect for a posh BBC news announcer.  You’d do it from backstage so you wouldn’t be seen.  What do you think?”
“Okay, right.”  John looked a little stumped.  He hadn’t expected to come face to face with the focus of his interest in such an abrupt manner.   “In that case, can I ask if you are a drama major?”
Sherlock pressed play again, his fingers white as he held tightly to the sides of the laptop as he listened.  John sounded so sad and there was a hitch to his breath at the end of the message when he said Sherlock’s name; as if it was something he hadn’t done in a while.  Sherlock was stunned at the depth of emotion in John’s voice.  He’d known that John would be upset, but he hadn’t thought that he would take the blame for it – for not being able to stop it.
“Indeed, that is he.  Sherlock deduced the details of their connection and worked out at which casino he liked to hang out, which is where, I assume, he sent this Billy.”
“This is a message for John Watson.  Don’t worry you won’t need to be committed, but I had to answer your shout out to the Universe – I would hate to be seen as rude after all.  You did nothing wrong, John; you never have.  I had to do what I did to save you, but I’m sorry it caused you so much sorrow; that was never my intention.  I have always trusted you and believed in your abilities and your loyalty and that has never been in doubt, but this time it wasn’t just my life on the line.  It was you and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson – surely you can understand the harsh necessity that wrought upon my decisions.  I want you to know that you have been a constant companion in my thoughts throughout my absence and your voice has been my conscience and the moral compass to keep me straight.  Even when I was tested and tempted and sorely missing your presence, the wish to not disappoint you kept me strong. You have been brave in admitting your feelings for me and, though I can never hope to match your true courage, I wanted to give you even a small measure of the joy I have received upon hearing your thoughts and confessions.  I love you, John Watson.  I just hope that you will be able to forgive me for what I’ve put you through.  Listening to your despair was almost more than I could bear, but if you have even a modicum of forgiveness in your heart for me I will take it.  Well, I’ll leave it up to you, but I will always live in hope.  Oh, and this is really Sherlock by the way, just in case you thought you were delusional and, whilst I’m not up in the big blue yonder, I am actually up in your bedroom and I still love you.”
Sherlock smiled at John and left the room.  He had already decided that he would definitely be sleeping in his own bed that night but he would let John drop off first; no need to make him feel nervous when he clearly needed to sleep.
Mary was different from the other girls he’d dated.  She’d travelled all over and told him stories about places he longed to visit.  He just wished she understood him a bit more.  This wasn’t the first time they had had a misunderstanding.  It seemed John’s humour was a little more acerbic than she was used to and she often took offence at the smallest things which he knew Sherlock would have got instantly and would have set them both off chuckling merrily.
“Sorry, I momentarily forgot about your injuries.  Though I do have to say, you squealed like a little girl.”
"He might as well stay until the boys go back and then they can travel together, if that would suit you?"
“It would be a little hard to miss.  Even when you think you are being subtle and sitting in the dark, it is quite evident where your attention is focused.”
“You’re right; I don’t think a frontal assault will work in this instance.  Loath as I am to say this, I think a watch-and-wait approach will be necessary in the circumstances.  We will keep Jasmine under observation when we are in our drama sessions; as you will recall from my earlier observations there were several people who didn’t seem to regard her kindly.”
John was feeling about as miserable as it was possible to be when trying to look happy.  He had been picked up by Mary in the limousine from the embassy and, after roundly praising her beauty, had sat in his own seat quietly looking out of the window until they had reached the party.  They had arranged to meet all their friends there but there was only one person that John could think of and he was fairly sure that he wouldn’t even be there if it could be helped.
“John!  Unless you want this to go much further in public than you’re comfortable with we need to stop right now.”
“The ambulance is just pulling up, but thank you.  You could probably take care of the idiot in the front.  He’s knocked out but it would be better to have him handcuffed before he wakes up.”
“Come on, you; let’s clear this up and head back.  You really could use a rest after all this exertion.”
He gathered up the scraps but instead of rolling it out this time, he started moulding it into the proper shape for an anatomically correct heart.  All the ones he has seen on the cards they had been talking about at school and, indeed, some of the little decorations that Mrs Hudson had supplied for the cakes, had been in that stupid heart shape that provided no accuracy whatsoever.  His would be nothing like that; his would be the right shape and have ventricles and atria and he was going to use the jam to be the blood.
“Sherlock.  Sherlock,” John kept muttering his name as if finally allowing himself to say it.  “I’ve missed you so much.  I was lost without you.”
First night had been a huge success.  All Greg’s worries had come to naught and the performance had been trouble free.  There had been quite a lot of the staff attending the first show, as well as local villagers and a few parents, who had come down early to spend a few days before they took their children home.  Mr Johnson and his wife had been in pride of place in the front row, and he had caught John and Sherlock after the show to praise them on their whole performance, and on how good the radio had looked on stage, so they were both very pleased.
That didn’t stop him using his imaginary John as his sounding board when he was making any plans or talking through his ideas though.  The absence of a real John or even the skull on the mantle meant he had to bounce his ideas off someone even if that person was only in his head.  Sherlock could picture him so vividly that it was easy to conjure a comment John would likely have made or a warning he would have issued when going in to a dangerous situation.  Now he was through with all that, though, and all he wanted was the real thing.
John and Sherlock’s friendship built in strength from that first day onwards.  They explored the grounds, with Sherlock showing John all his secret places.  They played pirates by the lake and commandeered an old hut nearby as their hideout.  On one occasion, for Sherlock’s eighth birthday, John persuaded his dad to let him make a map to find buried treasure in a field which he had just turned over before it was re-planted.  John buried his present as the treasure and Sherlock was overjoyed to find a new pirate sword and a hoard of chocolate as his booty and they both decided that was the best day ever.
“I think you know me better than to think I’d be driving anything less than the best.  Those fit the top of the range, latest model Jaguar E-type in the car park and you can go and check if you don’t believe me.”
They went to the adjoining stable which contained a horse almost as tall as Mystery, with a deep chestnut coat and a white diamond shape on his forehead.  John had another sugar lump and he offered it to the horse.  King allowed John to pat his neck, and he butted him gently for more when John stopped.
Just as John was dropping off, he felt the soft touch of lips against his neck and a whispered breath sighing the words ‘I love you’ against his skin.  John’s eyes closed; a happy smile across his face.  He was exactly where he wanted to be.  He was home.
Lessons started straight back in with a vengeance, the teachers making up for the breaks they had given before the holidays.  Greg had put up a notice saying that the first rehearsal would be on Sunday afternoon at the usual time.  They would attempt a run-through to check if everyone was off-book, and to see how many scenes they still needed to block out.
“It can’t have been put in to the bottle itself or more people would have been affected.  It can only have been put in the cup by the person pouring the drink or the person passing the drinks around.  The next question we have to ask is, was it put in a random cup and you were just unlucky enough to be the recipient, or was it more specifically targeted to one person?  That would mean that the target was not yourself, as they could not know that you would spill your drink so it, therefore, must have been aimed at Jasmine.”
“We can be abnormal together.”  John gave a big yawn and closed his eyes, muttering under his breath.  “Jus’ you and me.”
“Well, I’m glad they’re both safe now, at least.  What about me?  I can handle myself; I don’t need all this mollycoddling.  You’ve seen my service record, I assume, considering the way you knew everything else about me when we first met.  You know exactly what I’ve been trained for; what I’m capable of.  It should be me out there dealing with this, not Sherlock.”
John laughed.  "You sound just like the boy in the film.  It's about pirates, kidnapping, poisoning, sword fighting, fire swamps and torture."
John soon nodded his head and Sherlock slowly pushed in, inching forward and pausing frequently to give John time to stretch around him.  They both groaned when Sherlock was finally fully seated, his balls touching John’s skin.  Sherlock waited again for John to tell him to move, knowing that it was just as necessary for himself to wait, as well.  The tight feeling of being encased inside John was almost enough to set him off on its own.  They both gathered themselves together and, when John looked him in the eye, he pulled almost all the way out, before slowly pushing in once more.
“Yes, well, Sherlock and I will be having a serious conversation about what I should and shouldn’t be informed of when he gets back.  Thanks for your help, Billy.”
It didn’t take John long, and when he came back to himself, Sherlock was lying beside him, naked and ready.  His hand was loosely stroking his cock, so John didn’t keep him waiting any longer.  He pulled Sherlock into the middle of the bed and lay down between his legs.  He stroked slowly along Sherlock’s inner thighs, watching him tremble at the gentle touch.  He circled nearer to Sherlock’s cock each time, without actually touching it.  He followed the trails he had made with his tongue and sucked one of Sherlock’s balls into his mouth.  He pulled it down and then did the same to the other.  When Sherlock was clutching the sheets, trying to restrain himself, John knew he’d reached his limit. He took pity on him and took the head into his mouth.  He swirled his tongue up and down the shaft and round the tip, licking the pre-come that quickly gathered.
Sherlock spun round to see what Moran meant.  The bullet had indeed missed John but had instead hit a lever pulley cord attached to the wall and sliced it in half.  Sherlock followed the now released cord as it tracked up the wall and across to the wardrobe and the next moment he saw John’s eyes glaze as he fell forwards with a crossbow bolt shot straight through his back and into his heart.
They raced straight up the stairs to their flat and John took barely a moment to decide to carry right on, pulling Sherlock up the next flight, too, towards his own room.  He rarely entered Sherlock’s room and didn’t know quite what state it might be in or whether there might be an experiment set up in there so he decided his own room was safest as it was in the same tidy state in which he always left it, plus he knew he had lube in his drawer and if this evening was going to proceed in the manner which he hoped then that would be essential.  Sherlock seemed happy to follow his lead so John was going to take every advantage he could.
John was in heaven as he felt that warm mouth sliding up and down his shaft.  This was the best blow job he had ever had.  He didn’t think even a real one would be able to compete with his imagination in this regard.  He moaned as it went temporarily deeper then it moved back up and he felt those strong fingers curl around the part not covered by his lips.  The other hand cupped his balls and rolled them around, pulling them down slightly, stretching the skin and rubbing his thumb on the area of skin below.
Sherlock smiled somewhat shyly, “Well, I must admit it’s nice to hear that kind of comment again.  The only other person who is usually so impressed by my observations has been unavailable to me for far too long.”
That night, Sherlock helped John to go through his lines.  They had been given a choice of four scenes and told to rehearse whichever scene featured the character they wanted to play.  John had decided he wanted to go for Major Metcalf and Sherlock told him that would be very good casting which gave John a boost of confidence.  Sherlock played the other part and by the end of the evening John was putting plenty of verve and energy into his characterisation.  Sherlock thought that barring any dramatic masterpieces from other students, John was a shoe-in.
"Well, it's not really practical to have an outdoor one in this country, is it?  The glass doors do all slide open if it's a warm, sunny day so you almost feel like you're outside.  The Jacuzzi at the far end has a glass roof, too, so it's practically like a solarium, which is amazing."
Sherlock’s eyes quickly flicked up to John’s face.  Was he intimating something with that?  It seemed not, as John gave him a small, teasing grin whilst trying to keep his bottom lip as still as possible.
John turned to look and, as there was no traffic behind them, Mycroft slowed down to allow a better view.  John’s jaw dropped as he gazed at the buildings and surrounding parklands in front of him.
John blushed and smiled shyly at the compliment.  “Well, the real talent was yours for writing it in the first place.”
“This was the whole part where I said I’d lead the discussion using a little tact, if you remember.”
“Yes right, we don’t want an explosion or anything, do we?”  John turned to Mike and Molly.  “I’d better go with him; you know what he’s like.  Would you mind checking the pitch for me please, guys?  Just see how soft it is and whether you think we ought to train on the back pitch instead to keep that one nice.  Thanks a lot.  See you later.”
“You have been distant for weeks now and I have tried to give you what you want but it isn’t enough, is it?  It isn’t me that has been pulling away, it’s been you, and I think we both know the reason why, don’t we?”
“You’ll need to get used to handling things with a gentler touch, which includes people too.  Your strength is just one of the things that will be enhanced and you may find yourself crushing something in your hand when you think you’re just picking it up.  We’ll stay here as long as it takes for you to get used to your new abilities and you’ll get plenty of chances to test them out and see what exactly you’re capable of.”
He pushed open the door and looked round the café, analysing all the customers to see which was this John.  Not the tall boy biting his nails; he'd clearly been sitting there for forty five minutes, long enough to finish his drink and realise that he'd been stood up.  Not the several groups or couples, obviously.  Which left two choices: an older student of about twenty five who had his laptop set up on the table.  No, too old, and more interested in finishing his dissertation for his Master's degree than looking around waiting for someone.  Therefore, by a process of elementary elimination, it was the short, blond boy in the corner, who rose from his chair as he spotted Sherlock and was now grinning inanely and waving across at him.
Sherlock eventually dropped off for a slightly longer time after the thunder and lightning stopped.  He was lulled by the soft sound of the rain and pleasant thoughts of it washing away all trace of John’s girlfriends.
“I really ought to show John where he’ll be sleeping so that he can settle in and get changed for the party, Mummy; you know you like everyone down and ready before the other guests arrive.”
John chuckled.  "That didn't take much persuading, did it?  It'll be nice to get back to 221B and to prove to Greg that I'm fully recovered.  He still seemed a little doubting last time I text him, especially after you left him waiting so long to reply to him after it all happened and you were waiting for me to come out of my supposed operation."
He loved leaning in to John when they were watching frivolous rubbish on the telly.  He would settle in the corner with John sat between his legs, resting back against his chest.  He would tilt his head to rest on John’s shoulder, cheek against his hair and just breathe in John’s scent.  His arms would wrap around John and every so often John would turn his head and press a soft kiss against his cheek.
“We don’t usually bite people for food, we drink from blood bags.  I’ve previously only done it for sexual pleasure and then glamoured the person afterwards so they don’t even know it’s happened.”
“I do have some tablets I can give you, though my stores are running low this close to the end of term.  I won’t get my new supply through until next term now.”
“Who wants to stick to traditions?  You need to be shaken out of that rut you seem to have got yourself into.  I’ve just finished a case where escort agencies were being targeted and I had cause to go to several in the area and this place was amazing; you should have seen some of the people they had on their books.  The case is over now so there is no impropriety involved.  I spoke to the manager and he’s matched us up with two dates for the party.”
He didn’t know how long he had been lost in his own thoughts, but Sherlock became aware of the world again when he heard the downstairs door slamming shut and footsteps clumping up the seventeen steps to their flat.  He smiled to himself, he would recognise that tread anywhere.  It was slightly heavier than normal so John had obviously stopped off at the shop on his way back and was carrying shopping bags as well as his overnight bag.
“Sherlock, I’m so sorry.  I know I’ve been spending time with Mary, but I didn’t know I’d been making you feel like that.”
Sherlock led the way over to his sitting room which he had had set up like a laboratory on one side with his microscope and chemistry equipment set up on a solid bench.  The other half of the room had some squashy bean bag chairs and a big entertainment system with a TV and HiFi unit and storage for all his classical music CD’s.  Even at age 10, Sherlock was highly skilled with his violin and was able to play a concerto perfectly from memory if he so chose.
Sherlock knew that John was unlikely to choose himself on the next go or even the next several goes after that so he resigned himself to a slow undressing but at least he would have the pleasure of looking at John’s chest whilst he did it.
"I want that, too, Sherlock.  So much.  I know I've had girlfriends, but I haven't done this with a boy before either and I really want to try it all with you."
Sherlock loved the sound of John begging him, so desperate to be filled.  He slicked his cock and lifted John's legs onto his shoulders so that he could go as deep as he wanted.  He pushed against John's hole until the head pressed in and John shuddered around him.  He stilled for a moment and then pushed in further, pausing after each push to allow John to adjust.  When he was fully sited he rolled his hips so that John could feel his full length filling him up.  John groaned in delight.
“Of course, you mad genius, now let’s go to sleep.”  John put his arm around Sherlock hugging him tightly to him before letting his arm relax into a comfortable position against Sherlock’s back.  They closed their eyes and Sherlock allowed John’s body to draw him into sleep.
“You know I would always find you, John.  We got both of the men who took you so you don’t have to worry about that.”
John was just putting his guitar back in its case in readiness for leaving when he heard a scraping noise coming from the door.  He ducked behind the chimney, sure that he would get in trouble if the caretaker found him up here.  He heard footsteps walking across the roof towards the cushion which he hadn’t had time to hide before he’d dashed away.  He heard a deep baritone voice enunciate quite clearly.
Whilst Sherlock was distracted John pulled open his bedside drawer and reached in for one of the items he had hidden there before he’d left for their walk.  He waited until he had sucked a pretty mark on the skin and Sherlock had his eyes shut, moaning loudly before he stroked down Sherlock’s side with the long feather in his hand.  He grinned as the moan quickly changed into a squeal as Sherlock almost bucked him off as he tried to squirm away from John.
Sherlock sat and waited outside when John went in; trying to be patient but not succeeding very well if his fidgeting was any indication.  He knew this was important to John and didn't want him to be disappointed.  Sherlock had read the whole Agatha Christie book on the evening when he found out what the production was to be and he had obviously guessed the ending very early on.  It had been more interesting to him what character John would associate with.  He shouldn't have been surprised, of course, given John's military links and his helpful, 'can do' attitude that John had chosen Major Metcalf.
John told them what he had diagnosed and they set to work to sort Sherlock out.  He had a CT scan to see if there was any internal bleeding but luckily it came back clear and x-rays showed that the nose wasn’t actually broken, though two ribs were cracked.  Again, luck was with Sherlock, as the ribs hadn’t pierced through into his lung so they were just strapped up for now whilst they worked on prepping him for surgery.
The idea seemed more enticing to him, as Sherlock thought of exactly what he would be able to do; all the things he wanted to try.  Maybe they could get a proper blindfold too; he had enjoyed surprising John and keeping him on edge.  That would definitely be an idea they would be revisiting very soon.  For now though, he had other desires in mind, and he reached over to his drawer and got out the supplies he had bought.
John groaned as he took Sherlock in, loving the slow burn of being filled like this.  His one hand was around Sherlock’s shoulders, holding on and the other was stroking through his hair, pulling on it as Sherlock’s head fell back as he enjoyed the hot tight pressure around his cock.  Sherlock wanted it hard and fast so after giving John mere moments to get used to the intrusion, he pressed John hard against the wall using his body weight to hold him up so he could pump his hips up hard and fast into John.
“Do you want to resist me?” Sherlock smirked.  “Because we could try that too if you were interested.”
“Not like you haven’t seen bodies before.  You beat them with whips, ‘member?”  This set John off again as he thought about the day he had met Sherlock.
They were waiting for it all to dry now and then they would just need to varnish it and attach the accessories and it would be done.  Mr Johnson gave John the key to the workshop so that they would be able to come in at the weekend to do the varnishing – he didn’t mind them doing that without him at least being in the building as they was no machinery involved.  It wasn’t that he didn’t trust them to be safe but there were all these health and safety regulations that had to be adhered to around machinery.
The man backhanded him again and John thought he felt a crack as his nose was possibly broken.  The man left him to wallow in his pain and went over to join his associate who had just been sitting quietly in the corner, watching all that was going on but not taking part in the beating being inflicted upon John.
They paused when they heard the suction noise of the door opening and nonchalantly tried to look as innocent as possible as they pretended to watch the movie.  When the new arrivals had taken their seats, thankfully quite near the front, John felt Sherlock's fingers sliding up his shaft.  It seemed Sherlock was a fast learner and was eager to test his new environment.  John couldn't let him get away with that so he stroked him back, squeezing the tip as he reached it and hearing an indrawn breath from Sherlock.  John turned his head and brought his other finger to his lips and shushed him.  Sherlock rolled his eyes but, unfortunately for him, it was too dark for John to see it clearly so it was wasted.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “John, surely even you have noticed that I am lying in a king sized, four poster bed.  We have shared a bed before – when we were in Dorset to name just one occasion – and we have been sharing a room for the last few days in the hospital.  I am in no way averse to sharing my night time accommodation with you as happily as I do my days.”
John and Sherlock were in there straight after breakfast to check if the radio had set and luckily it had, so they set about getting it varnished.  They wanted to give it a good shine so they were going to do two coats.  They applied the first one and then left it out to dry.  They opened all the vents in the room, like Mr Johnson had told them, to help it dry quicker and to distil the fumes.
“That’s right, me and my dad just got here.  He sent me off to find the park while he was unpacking.”
The best texts they had exchanged though had been the ones late at night when they had been missing each other badly.  The shared desires of what they would do when they were together again, had transmuted into torrid sexting sessions; where they had got each other off by daring the other to further acts, that would be repeated when they met.  John had never been gladder that his grandfather had had some boards put up in the attic a couple of years ago.  It provided the smallest space for a bed of his own, but it meant he didn’t have to share a room with Harry, as they had done when they were younger.  His life wouldn’t have been worth living if she had found out about what they were doing.
John's eyes widened as he, too, thought of more interesting ways of achieving that end.  "Keep talking like that and you won't be getting out of here at all; I don't care how much I want to enjoy our secret."
Sherlock’s face fell.  He despised being called a child.  “I hate you.”  He turned on his heel and was away before John had time to do more than shout his name.
John felt tired all of a sudden and decided to just go to bed; he wasn’t hungry now anyway.  He didn’t want to go up to his own room because he wanted to still surround himself with Sherlock as he usually did in the living room, so he decided he would use Sherlock’s bedroom instead.  It wasn’t as if the man could complain about it; not that he would probably be bothered anyway.  He had offered John his bed on the odd occasion before when they had arrived home knackered and John didn’t think he could make it up one more step.  John had never actually taken him up on that offer but decided that now was the perfect time.
After rugby practise one evening, John was heading back across campus and thought he caught a glimpse of dark curls disappearing into the Music Building.  This was his chance.  He had to check if that really was him, and if so, what he was doing.  When he got inside the building, the halls were empty and silent; all regular classes having finished for the day.  He peered in the windows of each room but none seemed to be occupied so he took the stairs to try the upper floor.
“John, there is nothing I would like more than to sink my teeth into you again, but I would dearly love to be buried deep inside you when I do it.  Is that okay?”
John smirked at him as he finished tidying up the room and made a pot of tea whilst they waited.  John had made sure that he had already had some blood that day so that he wouldn’t be tempted to take too much later and now the pair of them were just awaiting Greg’s arrival.
“That would be lovely; I’d very much like to meet her and to thank her for having John over for Christmas, too.”
He heard John pause when he opened the fridge – the milk had been spotted then – he may have just assumed it was Mrs Hudson, of course, but at least he’d noticed.  There was another pause after he’d heard John walk across to the tea cupboard.  There had only been a nearly empty box of PG in there so John had obviously been buying whatever was on offer and Mrs Hudson wouldn’t have bought Darjeeling.  That one would set him to thinking a bit.  Sherlock smiled to himself.
Sherlock started to shake his head but John shepherded him out from his seat.  "You'll need to replenish your energy if you're going to swing me round the floor again.  I want to see if I can impress you with my moves when I'm not worrying about tripping you up after each step."
Sherlock kept going and John let him; deciding that the view of Sherlock’s arse was well worth staying right where he was.  He stretched his arm down and pinched one of those luscious cheeks.  Sherlock squeaked in surprise and almost dropped him on the spot.  John laughed as Sherlock righted him as they reached the car and opened the door.  They both got in and John smiled as he saw Mycroft give him a small nod in the rear view mirror as they headed home.  Much as Sherlock liked to deny it, John knew that Mycroft cared about him and he knew that Mycroft would be pleased to see Sherlock smiling again, even though he was trying to hide it in front of Mycroft.
The thing John regretted most, however, was that he hadn’t told Sherlock how he felt about him and, just maybe, if he had known, if he hadn’t felt so alone, he wouldn’t have jumped and killed himself.   There was nothing John could do about that now, so he just needed to ‘get over it and move on’ as everyone kept telling him.  He couldn’t get over it, though, that was the problem.
When Sherlock and John got back to Sherlock's room they got comfy on the bed and Sherlock told John everything he had noticed during the rehearsal.  As he had hoped, John's look of stupefaction at his skills was as delightful as he had anticipated.
He thought of Sherlock being able to calm him out of a nightmare before it had even properly started and was pleased that he wasn’t bothered by them.  He had woken a couple of times with Sherlock’s hand in his hair and had been comforted each time; waking with a happy smile on his face and the feel of Sherlock’s leg under his own hand.  It reassured him to be in close contact with Sherlock and he was glad that Sherlock seemed to feel just as comforted.
He had managed to get on with Harry for most of the time, too.  She always laid off the booze in front of their grandparents so even she hadn't been too bad except, it seemed, for the near constant teasing about his ‘friend’.  Whenever he hadn't been busy listening to stories, the majority of his time had been spent answering texts from Sherlock.
“Don’t I know it,” John smiled back.  “How about you put your much vaunted skills towards healing as fast as you can as well then and we can see where this leads.”
Just as he was considering dashing down to drag Moran back up again to act as a blood donor he heard Lestrade shout as he came up the stairs.  There was nothing for it, he would have to use him and then glamour him to forget it afterwards.
John and Sherlock headed back to their rooms once John had managed to persuade Sherlock that, no, they didn’t need to go to the stores right this minute and search for props.  It was nice to see Sherlock being keen, but John had some revision he needed to do for a biology test tomorrow.
John had awoken with a start to discover himself still alone in bed, with a dry, vile-tasting mouth and an absolutely pounding headache.  To top matters off he had obviously inadvertently hit snooze on his alarm clock and he now only had ten minutes to get up, dressed, have breakfast and make the forty minute journey to work.  Just great!
Was it though?  Was that really what he wanted?  Was he ready for what they had only just discovered to be over when it had hardly begun?  Did he want to move out and never see Sherlock again?  If he was honest with himself - and he always tried to be - then no he didn’t.  He had lived with Sherlock for over a year now and except for the crazy experiments and body parts in the fridge (which had all come from Molly because he’d been there when she’d given them to Sherlock so they hadn’t been removed by Sherlock personally – don’t even go down that road!) he had no problems with him at all.  Surely if Sherlock had been going to do something to John or even to someone else it would have happened by now and John would have seen some kind of evidence.  Did that mean that Sherlock was safe? – safe: not really a word that could be ascribed to Sherlock Holmes – but still, in relative terms, he had never hurt John.
John laughed and watched as Sherlock released Greg’s fingers and turned his head so that he could capture his lips and share their first kiss.  John took the opportunity to finish unfastening Greg’s shirt whilst he was occupied with Sherlock.  He pulled it open and ran his fingers down Greg’s chest, enjoying the tickle of the soft hairs, so different to Sherlock’s almost hairless chest.  John circled Greg’s nipples, tweaking them gently then a bit harder as Greg moaned, obviously enjoying the sensation.
John pulled aside Sherlock’s sock and bit gently on his ankle.  As he moved up his body, he nibbled the side of his knee, through his clothes, and on to his inner thigh, skirting around the steadily rising mound.  He pushed up Sherlock’s shirt and sucked a deep mark just below his navel.  He unfastened the buttons from the bottom up and laved the skin he exposed at each level; leaving his mark with bites, kisses or sucks, as the mood took him.  He slid his tongue across Sherlock’s chest and circled his nipples in turns, blowing over the wet trail he left, making Sherlock shiver under him.
“Moran?  Colonel Sebastian Moran?  Is that whom it is?  Billy didn’t actually give me a name just an address.  I know him; I met him in Afghanistan.  Seemed pleasant on first acquaintance; taught me to hone my skills with the sniper rifle, but he has absolutely no conscience.  Got drummed out of the service for picking off a group of Afghani’s just for target practise.  Seems just the sort to chum up with Moriarty.”
“I know I should go to bed but I don’t feel comfortable leaving you on your own on the first night out from the hospital.”
He slowly came back to himself to realise that none of it was real.  He was warm, it was true, and he could smell Sherlock, but it wasn’t the incomparable man himself; it was merely the coat, within which, he had been cocooned as he’d fallen asleep on the sofa.  The disappointment hit him all over again and he hugged the coat to him, not wanting to lose the tiny piece of Sherlock he had left.
Greg’s knees nearly collapsed at the dual sensations.  It was only the fact that John and Sherlock both had a hand behind his back that kept him up.  His head fell back and he moaned deeply.  John and Sherlock caught each other’s eye and nodded as they seemed to read each other’s minds.  At the same moment they bit down harder on each side and held on tight as a shiver went through Greg in reaction and he almost buckled again.  They eased him backwards and sat him on the end of the bed.  His hands just fell to his sides and he sat there with a glazed look on his face.
John woke slowly, feeling lovely and warm and hugging his teddy bear.  Teddy bear?  He hadn’t had a teddy bear since he was six.  He squeezed it a bit tighter and heard a huff of breath.  His eyes shot open.  As he saw the dark curly hair in front of his face, he suddenly remembered where he was, and whom it was, exactly, that was in his arms.  He felt a big smile appearing and he snuggled his nose into the warm neck.  He nudged Sherlock’s hair aside and kissed the soft skin underneath, trailing his lips lightly across.  Sherlock made a quiet humming noise and nestled himself back against John.  His arse was pressing into John’s crotch, rubbing against John’s morning erection.  How had he never known how good that felt?  Well, of course, he knew why not, but he was very much afraid, that now he’d experienced waking up with Sherlock in his arms, he never wanted to wake without him again.  He stroked his fingers across Sherlock’s chest, drawing little circles on the pale skin and John knew the exact moment that Sherlock woke up as he felt the instant tensing of muscles.
"I don't think so.  You have to work up to it to earn something more intense.  A simple answer gets you a simple kiss."
“It won’t be too much longer now and then I’ll be back and you can show me what you’ve been working on whilst I’ve been away.”
“If you’re so clever and you’ve been cleared to consult with the Yard then why haven’t I heard about it?”
John’s eyebrows had risen at the word ‘butler’, but he supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised.  Sherlock was the very epitome of upper class.
John saw the way everyone looked at Sherlock, they seemed to be drawn to him whether they wanted to be or not.  There were two sorts of looks he usually got.  There were the irritated glares from the people he worked with and insulted on a regular basis - Mrs Hudson, Lestrade and Molly being the rare exceptions to that list; even when he was being vile to these people they all had trouble dragging their eyes away from him.
“I don’t actually know which one is your room – from inside I mean – and I don’t even know your name.  I’m John Watson, by the way.”
John was discharged on his own cognisance when the Consultant made his rounds later that morning.  He seemed fully recovered from whatever had been injected and his cuts and bruises would just heal in their own time.  Sherlock had rolled his eyes earlier when a set of John’s own clothes had been delivered, obviously by someone on Mycroft’s staff, but he knew it would make John feel more like himself so he didn’t kick up a fuss at Mycroft’s overbearing manner in this instance.  There was also a car waiting for them when they exited the building, but again, Sherlock knew John would be more comfortable in such a well sprung vehicle as opposed to a random taxi, so he merely opened the door and escorted John inside.
“Well, I would certainly like to see John for a while over the holidays, so perhaps he could stay with us until Easter Monday and come to you on the Tuesday.  I will, of course, have to check all this with your mother first, to see if she is happy for John to come over as she won’t be there herself.”
Anderson, on the other hand, was a complete arse.  He mooched around after Sally, looking at her with doe eyes, clearly enamoured with her, though she could hardly be bothered with him most of the time.  Anderson had obviously only signed on to the production to be with Sally.  If what John had told Sherlock about the procedures of putting on a play was correct, then it seemed that Anderson was basically the lackey who did all the things she didn't want to, whilst allowing her to take the credit; and that was certainly something that Sherlock could see happening.
Sherlock shook his head at the interruption and carried on.  “When I didn’t get any letters or anything from you after you left, I told myself I must have imagined it; that I was just seeing what I wanted to see.  It somehow seemed easier to believe Mycroft when he told me you were wrapped up in your real friends now and didn’t want a kid hanging around.  I spiralled a bit after that.  Well, I’ve already told you about that so there’s no need to re-hash it all, …but to know that you loved me all that time and hadn’t forgotten about me, … well I just wish I had known that sooner.”
“I was at the drama party yesterday and was doing some dancing, but nothing too wearying, and we all ate and drank the same things and there’s nothing wrong with anyone else.  Sherlock, here, was fine and he was with me the whole night.  No, I haven’t had anything wrong with my eyes, so I don’t think it’s a migraine or anything like that.”
Sherlock quickly put the phone down and stared at John who was looking back at him in almost stunned bewilderment as if he couldn’t believe what he had just done, which was quite true.  John had watched the blush creep over Sherlock’s face; the way he had been lost for words which, as far as John knew, was unprecedented and it left him wondering if there was a lot more meaning in that statement.
