“I don’t know… guess I thought it’d be nice to enjoy a moment of peace first. ‘Calm before the storm’ and all that.”
Claire shuffled uncomfortably under Castiel’s intense and sorrowful gaze. Kaia is by her side within seconds, hovering near the armchair as she senses Claire’s clear discomfort. “Is this going to be dangerous?” Kaia asks on Claire’s behalf.
“Considering I personally ordered it myself and it was chosen for you because you wouldn’t stop talking about how you wanted the
Castiel ducked his head with quiet laughter, glancing back up when a bottle of cold beer is plonked down on the bar in front of him.
much. All he wants is to make the world a better place. The world, the other worlds, Heaven… he’s already done so much work.”
“You’re a Winchester,” Eileen pointed out, patting at his chest. “Beating impossible odds is in your blood.”
“Come on…” Dean mumbled softly under his breath into Cas’s ear. He mourns the loss of Cas’s warmth wrapped around him the second Cas pulls away. Dean lets his hand trail down Cas’s arm as Cas releases him from their embrace, gently grabbing hold of Cas’s wrist and giving it a squeeze, tugging Castiel in the direction of his room. “Let’s go.”
He nearly didn’t hear that one. Or at least, didn’t register it. Because something was moving behind him, something whispering out into the room, almost in
“No.” Castiel stated sadly. “Dean, there aren’t many angels left. I saw to that myself. We as a species are near extinction. I doubt the last few alive would be willing to risk their lives, to risk heavens destruction, to keep a Nephilim up there with them.”
Had he been leaking some of his grace into his eyes, back then? That’s the only explanation Dean had for the beauty of them.
like last time. He certainly didn’t look like the Cas he found in Purgatory; his beige trench coat was clean and pristine, not even a wrinkle to be seen on his azure blue tie, the color popping bright in the bland colors of Purgatory. His face was pretty much clean-shaven, only the slightest of hints of a five o’clock shadow brushed across his face.
“I don’t know about that…” Castiel uttered softly, finding himself falling into the endless shades of forests in Dean’s eyes. “I quite like where we’ve ended up.”
“Thank you,” Cas said sincerely. “I’m just… I know it’s going to be hard for you, Dean. Waiting for Sam. Jack and I, we had… we had hoped you’d go together, peacefully, in your sleep.”
. When he was trying to contact you, he was back on Earth, right? Cas is… he’s in the Empty. The only being with enough power to get him out was Jack, but-,”
He doesn’t even flinch as he pushes the machete through the countless bodies in front of him, blood splattering across his face and trench coat with every swipe of his blade. There’s only one moment where Dean is close to intervening, when the last Vamp very nearly gets the jump on Cas, running full sprint at Cas while his back is turned.
Right there in front of him stood the house they had made with blood, sweat, and tears. Every little detail that made it
my wedding.” Sam’s fingers stilled in their work at that, and Dean quickly continued before Sam could say anything. “It’s not like that
from the sight at me, that I nearly asked you right then and there. Sam was so excited to be a part of this though, couldn’t do that to h- -
Yeah yeah, I know, I already included a dancing scene in this fic. But what can I say? I'm a slut for romantic dancing scenes, and we've been so deprived of destiel that the thought of Dean and Cas slow dancing together and being all soft and shit just warms my cold, dead heart.
Dean chuckled heartily, the shaking in his chest transferring to Cas, who couldn’t help but laugh in response. They were probably a little delirious from their exhaustion, and were most definitely riding on that post-climax high, but if that meant they would lay here in the Impala and laugh together all night? Well, that was A-Okay in Dean’s book.
“And why’s that?” Dean gets out through gritted teeth, hearing his phone crack and groan in protest under his vice-like grip.
“You know why,” Dean mutters darkly. “In a few hours, we’ll be back home. Sam will start getting the ingredients together, and we’ll perform the spell. In a few hours… you might be gone. This could be my last dream with you. Not a memory of you, but the
it, feel it impaled in my heart, and… there’s something terrifying about knowing it’s comin’, but you can’t do anything about it. I just… I didn’t want to die alone, y’know? Sammy at least saved me from that…”
“Fine! Geez, someone's touchy…” Gabriel muttered. Dean only released his grip on his arm once he took his hand out of his pocket, making sure the phone wasn’t in his hand. “But we
“Death herself,” Dean answered. “Cas stepped in… Summoned the Empty on a deal he didn’t tell us about.”
Castiel took control, lifting himself up until the tip of his hair brushed the ceiling, then smoothly dropping back down into Dean’s lap. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, digging his fingernails into the soft skin to distract himself from the bouts of pleasure as he thrust his hips up to meet Cas’s enthusiastic rhythm. Cas’s warm breath fanned over his face with every heavy exhale, every descent of his body as he rode him. Dean found himself openly panting too, their strenuous activity quickly heating up Baby, whose windows had begun to steam up as the heat of their bodies was met with the cooling night air of California.
Dean sighed in immense relief, leaning back in his chair away from the table. “You asshole,” Dean grumbled, fake glaring at Cas across the table. “I thought I’d screwed up then.”
It feels like Castiels gaze is burning straight through Dean, peering right down into his soul, and Dean doesn't trust his voice to stay steady right now. Castiel is yet to move, staring at Dean patiently as the seconds tick by before finally, Dean gives a stiff nod of his head.
“Sorry man, I’m not really used to all this and was feeling a bit-“ Dean had looked up, only to be greeted by the bluest eyes he thinks he’s ever seen. If he thought the pale blue of the walls were something to look at, then this man’s eyes could probably captivate his attention for days on end. Dark brows that matched the color of his hair rose at Dean’s abrupt stop in speech.
Dean had whispered it no louder than his last statement, yet he might as well have yelled it for how hard the words punched him in the gut.
Perhaps this time was different. Perhaps he had escaped the Empty’s clutches one time too many, woken it up from its slumber for the last time, and will now be subjected to the worst torture imaginable by this very ancient, and
“Wasn’t the end I envisioned either, Cas. But it’s a risk me and Sammy took with every hunt we went on. I thought it’d be more… dramatic, you know? Maybe a little quicker. Shot to the head, knife to the throat, something like that… Man, I gotta tell ya’, dying slow? It sucks. Sure, gives you time to say what you want to say, but…” Dean’s voice catches, dropping his head down to his lap, picking absentmindedly at the corner of the golden label wrapped around his bottle. “I was scared, Cas. Couldn’t help it. I could
“Noticed you had your wings back in the barn,” Dean noted, gesturing at the empty space behind Cas with his hand, beer still firmly gripped in hand. “Thought you couldn’t fly anymore with them?”
“Ah, that sounds like my son… Both the ‘killing’ part and the ‘trying’… poor boy had so many ambitions, just always failed to reach them…”
The later into the night it got, the more tempted Dean was to break out the bottle of whisky he has hidden under his cupboard for ‘emergencies only’.
Sam smiled gently down at her, covering her hand on his chin with his own. “I don’t want to make you feel like you have to stay.”
“Ah, but that’s how the world works, no?” Sergei asks once he reaches the bottom of the staircase, blocking Sam from going any further -much to the younger brother’s annoyance. “We play nice - so long as the other has what we need.”
Dean tilts his head down to place another soft kiss on Cas’s lips, lingering there for a moment as he lets himself take in all that is
Dean swallows harshly, the muscles in his throat contracting tightly. There’s nothing to say. He just shuts his eyes, nods at the apology.
From outside, the engine of the Impala roared as it trailed along Stanford’s streets, disrupting the mostly quiet neighborhoods as they drove by. From the inside, the noise of the car was a gentle purr that sent vibrations rocking up through the chassis of the car, which Castiel could feel as he ran his fingers along the door of the car, smiling at the sight of a few army men figures jammed into the cigarette tray. The cassette tape Dean had playing had been turned down low, a calming melody of rock songs serenading their night.
sure but uh…” Sam stopped in front of Dean on his way out of the kitchen, giving his big brother a friendly pat on the shoulder. “I
“I am,” Castiel answered. “It was the only way for me to heal you. It would have been impossible to do so outside of my body.”
“Cas is gonna be worried that I’m crying before he even shows up…” Dean mumbles, hastily wiping at his misty eyes. “Wait…
“Dean… I don’t think ‘Heaven’ is Cas’ home. At least, it hasn’t been for a while, anyway. If Cas was still here, well… whatever he decided to do next, I can’t imagine anything that didn’t involve being by your side, Dean.”
“Poor guys trapped in Dean’s head with nowhere to go,” Sam joked with a teasing smile at his brothers’ expense, shoving his slice of toast into his mouth. “Won’t be long till he’s driven out of his mind.”
What do you mean ‘what?’ Dean, it’s-,” Sam roughly shoves his sleeve up, double-checking the time on his watch. “-
“Oh yeah-,” Dean answered sarcastically. “-It’s all taken care of. I was actually joking before; Cas isn’t in my head anymore. He’s back in his body, just chilling in the kitchen.”
“Yeah, okay, so he’s good,” Eileen reluctantly agreed. “But at what cost? Last I remember, he nearly got Sam killed trying to get something from you guys-,”
Something was shifting out of the corner of his eye. The blackness of his vision had changed, taking shape; a writhing, inky, gooey sludge that was steadily growing. Except… except that wasn’t his vision…
Those were just scratching the surface of the stack of files stores safely away in his mind… When it comes down to it, Castiel has been there. Even when it’s led him to more pain than seems worth it, Cas has stayed by his side. And now, to think in the miracle he, Sam, and Jack make it through all this bullshit, he might not have Castiel there anymore? It’s unthinkable, is what it is. But he’s thinking about it. It’s why he finds himself reaching for the amber bottle in front of him once more.
“Why wouldn’t they just… Y’know, hire more people?” The more Dean peered around the place, the more it became abundantly clear they wouldn’t be getting a seat anytime soon. Guess that meant take-out service. “If I was stuck working in an overprice coffee shop serving privileged college kids with only
didn’t know was that every night, Dean was spending time with Cas in his dreams. Dean has a kind of special marking on his arm, in the form of a handprint. Specifically, Cas’s handprint. During one of these dreams, Dean told Cas that he wished Cas had a mark, too. Something of his to wear on Cas’s skin. And that’s when the plan came to my mind. But, for the plan to work, it all fell down onto one requirement – Dean needed to be an asshole.”
“Alright, so either way – you can taste stuff now,” Dean raised his glass in the air. “That’s gotta be a bonus, right?”
not something I ever thought I’d say, but… I had been trying to get out before, y’know? Thought I’d ease myself out of hunting, maybe picking up the occasional hunting job every now and then – just had to work up the courage to tell Sammy my plans and get on with it. Then we caught wind of a Vamp nest and… well, you know the rest. I’d like to consider it a ‘wake-up call’. Somehow, I’ve been given a second chance,
Which, in itself, is unexpected. His last experience in the Empty was one of… nothingness. He had only awoken once he had heard Dean calling to him, but before that… he was lost in a deep,
Castiel lets Dean pull him down the hallway, guiding him towards Dean’s room as if Cas didn’t already know. It was more of a sign of permission, Dean thought. A gentle squeeze around Cas’s wrist to say “It’s okay. I want you here with me.” The many rich brown doors to the bunker slowly move across his vision as they amble through the dreary concrete hallways of the bunker, his fingers tightening their grip around Cas’s wrist with every step Dean gets closer to his room. His eyes dart to the side as he passes Sam’s room, and then Jacks. Another day, another situation, he would momentarily panic at the thought of either of them finding Cas in his room. Now? He couldn’t care less. Let them see him and Cas. Let them think what they’re going to think. Dean’s going to let himself be happy, just this once. And deep down he knows that
Eileen drops back down into her bed with paper still in hand, eyes scanning curiously over the thick document. There was still something so
He was back there again. Same place, same night. The wooden walls of the barn around him seemed smaller somehow, closing in on him. Not enough space to move around, not enough places to move away from the fangs wanting to sink into his neck.
I was not going to lay down and fall back asleep, the Empty decided the best course of action would be to throw me back out. I think the Empty may have held a grudge against me after that. It certainly wasn’t happy to see me again when I was searching for Ruby.”
was the matter right now, but it wasn’t like Dean could tell him that. Cas’s deep blue eyes seem to be digging into his own, as if he was trying to dig through Dean’s mind to find the answers. Dean found himself trapped in their endless gaze, only able to tear away from them for the few seconds his eyes flicked down to Cas’s chapped and sun-kissed lips, licking away the salt and sand that was littered across his own.
told me. All this time he’d been holding that to himself and he just… I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t
himself one of those jobs. Had signed his name on the dotted line and everything. He had been dreading telling Sam. He was sure he’d understand, but he just didn’t know the right way to tell him. Guess he doesn’t have to worry about that anymore.
“I’m just telling you what happened,” Castiel defended himself with a shrug of his shoulders. “Gabriel was focused on getting me through college, so he took up a job at a local coffee shop. I offered to join part-time with him, help bring in some extra money, but he refused. He wanted me to focus on my studies. So, I did. I threw myself into my studies, I wanted to make sure Gabriel’s sacrifices would be worth it. I came out the other side with my Ph.D.-“
The words tapered off there, reaching the end of the thin piece of paper. Sam and Dean looked to each other in a mixture of shock and disappointment; shocked that there may be a lead after all, but disappointed that this was seemingly all that had been written.
“Yeah, and we kinda decided that teaching a kid with powers pranks would probably end in disaster,” Dean said.
Sam was right. Dean could see that, underneath the cover of the trench coat, it was beginning to take form of something
“Okay…” Sam said slowly, the alarm in his voice making Dean’s chest clamp in worry. “And… and if that grace doesn’t work on its own?”
“¿Significa eso que tengo que tener cuidado con lo que digo ahora?” (Does that mean I have to be careful with what I say now?) Something about the Spanish accent appealed to a part of Dean that had a soft spot for the Casa Erotica series – and probably shouldn’t be relating to his best friend that was currently staring into his eyes as spoke in such a low, sultry tone. “Porque hay algunas cosas que quería decirte sin que te dieras cuenta.” (Because there are some things I wanted to tell you, without you even noticing.)
about personal space, so he knew full well he was close than he should be, yet he didn't seem to give a damn.
Cas’s light chuckles next to his ear only made Dean’s smile grow wider. Cas pulled away from their embrace, and then right there, his soft eyes looking to Dean like everything had fallen into place was when it sunk in for Dean.
“No. I mean, yeah, but-,” Dean tried to explain, stopping himself with another snort of laughter. “-I don’t know what I was expecting…”
time, through every struggle, every heartbreak, Chuck had been sat back with his feet up, probably a goddamn bucket of butter popcorn in his lap whilst he watched their misery, and he didn’t do a
Dean very nearly threw Castiel’s hand off his shoulder in case he was about to do exactly that. “Don’t you
Memory Castiel makes his way over to Dean, who was unsteadily getting to his feet. Dean tries to defend himself, throwing a punch towards Cas, who quite easily catches it. With a steady grip on Dean's forearm, Castiel twists it harshly, snapping the bone clean in half. Dean yelps out in pain and drops the stone, which shatters into pieces as it makes contact with the hard floor of the crypt.
Castiel nodded slowly, letting Jack’s offer mill about in his mind. If there was one thing life on Earth had taught him… it was that he liked to
“Maybe…” Dean says, rubbing a hand across his mouth as he thinks. “Or maybe she just didn’t want to show up-,”
Then, with Cas back… it was as if Cas was trying to forget about it, too. Which Dean can’t exactly blame him for. After all, the poor guy had probably assumed he would
“C’mon. I wanna show you something.” Dean said instead of answering, pulling the handle to Baby’s door and swinging it open. Castiel didn’t have time to reach for his door as Dean had already rushed to his side, opening the door for him like the gentleman he is. Castiel shimmied out of his seat, grabbing his tan trench coat before it could drop from where it was resting on his lap. He slipped his arms through its comfortable sleeves, grateful for the extra warmth it provided as the night’s temperature began to drop.
Castiel actually pauses in trying to stuff the rod back into its duffel, his head snapping up to look at Dean. “
Dean huffs. “Look Cas, it’s… I meant it, okay? Even if I was panicking over the thought of you being stuck in purgatory again and… it wasn’t just a “I might as well say it because you might be dead” kind of thing, okay?”
Finding out that your best friend has a literal death timer hanging over his head, and with what seems like every solution being a dead-end… she’s not surprised Dean had slinked off to be alone for a while.
“Oh,” Cas said in surprise, looking down at himself as if he hadn’t realized he had been sat here stark naked for the past few minutes. “Yes, that would probably be for the best…”
Before Castiel can answer, a young boy goes speeding past them, not taking in their appearance in the slightest, rushing into a room down the hallway they were stood in with a delighted giggle.
Dean didn’t mean to bark the words as sharply as he did, but it was enough for Castiel to shrink in on himself and for a muscle under his eye to twitch as he cringed away from Dean’s harsh tone. “I didn’t want to worry you or Sam. We had a lot to deal with at the time, and things just kept getting worse after that. There never seemed to be a good time to tell you.”
His voice has raised perhaps a little bit too much near the end there, so much that he felt like it was ringing in his ears for a while after he had stopped talking; perhaps even enough to drown out whatever it was that Cas decided to respond with. Except, Cas
But then they didn’t get married in six months, either.  So Eileen basically handed back the twenty dollars Sam had given her three months prior.
“I said I’m heading in for the night.” Dean repeated, that overwhelming fondness threatening to burst through his chest at the inquiring head tilt Cas gives him in response. “You coming, or what?”
“Wow… what a cheesy dumbass,” Dean resolutely ignores the tear that escapes and slips down his face. “He’s gonna be a great Dad.”
Castiel hums in agreement, taking advantage of the heat radiating from Dean to keep away the chill of the night. “Sounds about right to the way humans like to do things.”
audible enough for Cas to pick up on; what with his angel hearing powers and all. Castiel’s eyes flutter back open, blearily looking over to where Dean’s inflatable was bobbing up and down next to him.
“Nine-one-one, what’s your emergency?” The woman’s voice on the line is calm and soothing, the vigorous training the operators must go through clearly working.
Dean startled so harshly at the voice in his head that it got Sam to his feet in seconds, ready to sprint out of the room and find a Doctor in the fear that his brother was having some sort of seizure.
Castiel had been alive for billions of years. In that span of time, he had created countless memories of his time as an Angel, a never-ending storage of moments in his existence. His time with the Winchester brothers is an insignificant amount of time compared to the rest of his life, and yet, he can barely remember a time when the two didnt need his help in some way or another.
for his attention. The long library table had been pushed off to the side, making room for the large sigil Eileen had painstakingly painted onto the floor, both Sam and Dean hovering nearby anxiously to make sure not a single mark or line was missing.
Cas huffed. “Maybe I’m just being paranoid, but… This life?” Castiel gestured at the walls of the house around them. “I’d have to be blind to pretend this isn’t different from the life you once led, Dean. One that you were unwilling to leave. Going from moving from state to state, shop to shop, to now settling down in a house with a husband, working at the same place
“Guess I can give you that. Although, Sammy did say that Gabriel’s texting was ‘a lot more reserved.’ I guess we all got hints something wasn’t right, huh?” Dean said.
and nothing he could say or do would help to ease his brother’s grief. He had only made it around the table when he caught sight of Castiel’s face resting on Dean’s lap, and that was as far as he could go. He slid down onto the floor, resting his head against the table leg behind him, and just…
embarrassing. “This is where I want to be. I know I don’t say it enough to you, Cas. In fact, most of what I say is… it’s shit I don’t mean. Not really. I let my anger take over, and sometimes it takes me a while to see things how they really are.”
“Okay, let’s just…” Claire tried not to shudder at the thought of what that needle would feel like in her neck… “Let’s get this over with…”
Dean’s head jolted back, a half-amused half confused look plastered on his face. “You don’t want me drinking anymore?”
Eileen chuckles warmly when Sam practically envelops her into a bone-crushing hug, disappearing underneath layers of flannel. “I lucked out, is all.”
"So, all of this shit I've been doing, it... It meant that even though we've been together in the bunker for months now, I
Castiel knew there was nothing he could say to help alleviate Dean’s guilt. This was just something he was going to have to feel. So, instead, he reached out across the table, pulling out one of Dean’s crossed arms from under him and intertwining his fingers with Deans. “We can’t change the past, Dean.”
This at least got Cas to break his intense staring match with his whiskey, risking a glance up to see Dean’s reaction. “I didn’t mean to overstep boundaries, I just…”
“I know,” Castiel says, still looking just as confused as he did moments ago. “I know you’re sorry, Dean. It’s okay. I believe you.”
Dean closes his eyes at the burning he felt building, causing a tear to slip out from under his closed eyelid. He shakes his head at the choking sensation in his throat, pulling Cas forward by his neck until their foreheads met. There they both stood, eyes closed as they swayed to their own music, comforted by the warmth of each other held so close.
Dean smiled appreciatively up at Eileen. It didn’t feel real. He’s fairly certain Eileen knew it wasn’t real, either.
With another click of his fingers, Dean summoned another pool inflatable for Cas to relax on. He was quite pleased with his inflatable of choice – a bright white float in the shape of a unicorn with a colorful rainbow mane and tail. Cas flailed somewhat at the sudden object that appeared below him, grabbing hold of the neck of the unicorn inflatable to steady himself.
“I could never forgive myself if I didn’t at least try, Cas. If this ends in pain and heartbreak, then… So be it. It’ll be worth it for the memories I create with you.”
“Empty didn’t agree with that. But it did agree to Cas’s deal, except… Empty didn’t take him then and there. Apparently… it would only take him when he let himself be happy.
“Okay, so…” Sam said, eyes darting between the ingredients in front of him. “It’s a fairly simple spell, like Rowena said. Just gotta prepare some of these ingredients first…”
"Because we're nothing more than an added bonus for his entertainment. What if its all been a fucking set up, Cas? How much shit has happened to send us into each other arms, again and again? Shit that's out of character for us, all to so perfectly align to where we are now?"
“He gave me a choice,” Cas replied. “I didn’t go to the Empty, because… Jack had permitted me entry into Heaven, instead. When my grace was destroyed during the spell, there was a short time that I was human. And in that time… Jack had gifted me a soul.”
“Not purposefully. At least, I don’t think so. All I know is that the Empty could not return to sleep whilst I was awake. After I…
Sam and Eileen seemed to have expected the confused look he gave in return, looking back to one another in that ‘we’re somehow reading each other’s minds’ look that’s
Cas shook his head, the kicked puppy look still plastered on his face. “You deserve more than that…”
"And you know what? What if it is. What if this whole time, its been Chuck that's pushing us together?"
Dean was, rather unfortunately, midway through a big sip of his drink when Cas decided to say this. Castiel didn’t even look the slightest bit guilty – or even worried, for that matter – as Dean struggled to cough up the creamy cocktail that had decided to settle in his lungs. He punched a fist into his chest as he sat back up, swinging around and hacking up his lungs as leaned over the edge of the hammock, tears collecting in his eyes at the burning in his lungs.
“Mr. Winchester? I’m Dr. Sullivan, I’m a surgeon here at Aultman Hospital in Canton, Ohio,” Dr. Sullivan told Dean as he gently pried Dean’s hands away from the fragile medical equipment. “Do you understand what I’ve told you so far?”
“I can’t say I’m feeling all that jazzed about this decision,” Jody says. “But… I also know it’s not mine to make. Just… be careful.
Dean followed Castiel’s hands to where he had placed a finger on his split lip, wincing when he pressed down a bit too hard.
Her eyelids flutter shut at the comforting touch of Castiel’s hand on her forehead, able to feel the gentle hum of Castiel’s grace just beyond the skin of his hand. It was weird to think that it was searching through her body, taking account of her pulse, her rate of breathing, the smallest sign that
“Listen, Sammy - you can say it means what you say it means, but I’m just gonna go on blissfully unaware, going by what
“Aren’t my eyes supposed to be burning out of my sockets right now?” Dean asked cautiously, almost waiting for that exact thing to happen.
of them. Maybe it had been something clung to the back of his mind, building, and building until he was pushed over the edge.
a voice seems to whisper in his head. It was at least better than the voice that would always whisper ‘
Jack only smiled at that, an odd reaction to Castiel's request, and then his last words were left to echo around Cas's head as his fingers once again brushed against his forehead and plunged the world into darkness.
“Does it?” Castiel’s brow shoots up in surprise, pinching at his own nose as if it was scrunched up right this minute.
Eileen had been at it for hours now. Having long since given up combing over research in the library, she had retreated to
“He didn’t want to. He didn’t want this any more than me. But we both agreed that life should return back to the natural order of things. No more second chances, no more crossroad deals… The reapers are already having a tough time trying to readjust to all the changes that have happened recently, especially with how many The Empty disposed of when she was trying to get Billie’s attention… This way, Jack hopes that the Earth will become… more peaceful. Thankfully, Rowena has agreed to the terms in Hell. Crossroad deals are no more. The only souls headed to Hell are those that have been rightfully damned. And those that have lived a good life… they come up here.
“Dean, there’s… there’s something else,” Castiel’s expression had shifted to something akin to guilt, no longer able to meet Dean’s gaze. “When I healed you… I only had enough grace left to heal the damage that would be fatal. The pierced chamber of your heart, your collapsed lung, and your broken ribs… but that was all I could fix before my grace had ‘ran dry’. Mine and Sam’s efforts were enough to keep you alive long enough to get medical attention, and the doctors did everything they could… but there’s some damage leftover that I can’t heal.”
Sam unsteadily signed to her once she had pulled away, more than likely getting a few of the hand signals wrong, unable to wipe the relieved smile from his face. He couldn’t tell if the wetness on his face was entirely from the rain.
“Cas? I want you to promise me something.” Dean rummaged through the second to last drawer- Cas’s drawer- searching for Cas’s favorite pair of dress pants. “Whenever you feel like saying that to me? You go ahead and say it. Any time, any place. And if there ever comes a time where I don’t say it back? I want you to grab my pistol from the safe and shoot my clone, because that’s the
"It seemed like no matter what we did, God wasn't on our side." Dean said with a humourless chuckle.
and yet, Dean slowly peeled his jacket off his body. His hands had begun to shake again as he turned the jacket onto its front, Cas’s bloody handprint staring back at him. He placed his non-injured hand atop the print – not the bloody one, he didn’t want to ruin… ruin…
“You don’t look the kind of person who comes to these kinds of places.” The man told him. Dean was expecting the guy to be annoyed with the amount of time he was taking, but the small hitch of his lips seemed to show otherwise. Well, either that, or the dude had some strong customer-service skills.
. He sees the blurry black figure go sprawling backward, slamming into the wall opposite with another pained grunt. Dean scrambles to the floor in search of his gun, blinking rapidly in an attempt to adjust to the darkness of the room. He just about catches a glint of metal, reaching for the gun before it’s gone again, kicked out of sight by his attacker. Dean growls in frustration, jumping to his feet as fast as his body will let him. It seems he isn’t as fast as he once was, the man grabbing him by the arm and slamming him back down to the ground before he can even blink.
“I did. Because that’s the way you saw me. And that was already more than I ever thought I could have.”
“Eh, I don’t know,” Dean stood from the bed, stretching out his arms until he felt a satisfying ‘pop’ in his shoulder joints. He leaned over the bed, placing a brief kiss on his husband’s lips, feeling the smile Cas was trying to smother against his. “We have to chase after Gabe and Sammy a lot. I think that counts.” Dean continued once he had pulled away, picking his nearly finished cup of coffee back up and draining the last dregs at the bottom.
“My brother Gabriel is actually the one who came up with the idea,” Cas told him, pointing to his left. Dean followed where Cas was pointing to see the golden-haired barista he had seen before, still happily chatting away to Sam, who seemed
“You’ve already taken care of it…” Castiel mumbles to himself, the realization hitting him like a bag of bricks. “My grace…”
Dean paused with the bottle of beer to his lips. “Point taken… maybe it would be better to keep it to ourselves.”
the demon blade. Had it melted down,” Dean answered. “Look, Cas - you know I’m not the greatest at words and ‘speaking my feelings.’ Honestly, I’m surprised I managed to get through all of that without forgetting anything, but… I don’t think I even needed any of that speech. All that matters is that I love you, Castiel. Castiel, Cas, Buddy, Sunshine… lots of names I’ve called you over the years,” Dean plucked the silver ring out of its box, holding it out to Cas. “How does ‘husband’ sound?”
“Hmph,” Dean grumbled, burrowing his face further into the pillow. There was always that one annoying stream of light that peeked through the blinds, and
“Good. That’s, uh… you know… I don’t want you to feel like a prisoner or something up here with me.”
making our own damn destinies now. We’re writing our own story, and guess what, Cas? You’re in mine. We’re gonna get you your body back. Then me and you are gonna take Miracle for long walks in the woods. We’re gonna watch all those classic movies I promised I’d watch with you. We’re gonna have those lazy Sunday mornings where we both try and race each other to make breakfast in bed for the other. I’m going to have those days where I wake up and look at you, and I’m gonna realize just how damn lucky I am that I have your love. And I’m going to kiss you every time I remember that. You know why?”
This was something he could do. Driving was easy, driving was natural. He didn’t have to think. He didn’t
Dean had to actually place a hand over Gabriel’s mouth to get him to shut up. “Stop it. Stop it now.”
Sergei glanced back down to the pistol still held firmly in Sam’s hand, finger inching towards the gun’s trigger. “Alright, alright!” He said in defeat, backing up the staircase as to keep his eyes on the Winchesters – and the other weapons he knew they were likely carrying.
’ -  aren’t tied to your abilities as a hunter. You were still here, doing all you could to protect your family, to keep Cas safe, and you didn’t need to be the soldier you were raised to be to do it. You leaned on your family instead, let them help
Sam walked ahead of him, leading them out of the garage and to the main entrance, pushing the heavy door open and holding it there for Dean to roll through. The door closed behind them with its familiar clang of locks settling back into place, and Sam stepped up to Dean’s side before freezing in place, the two of them staring at the impossibly long looking metal stairs of the bunker.
Twelve years... Had it really been that long? How was it possible that, in his millions of years of existence, that only twelve of them, a small fraction compared to the rest of his life, are the ones that seemed the most important to him?
But… that made it all the better. Moments like that got them giggling quietly in the tranquil space between them, smiles plastered on their faces that would be hard to wipe off as they shambled around the room to the hushed chorus of ‘All My Love.’
"Hell," Castiel answers for him, an unusually pale color appearing on the angels face. "This was Dean in hell."
that happen? That he had to take the risk, of whatever happens to his own life, to ensure Jack's safety and wellbeing?
“I know,” Castiel agrees softly, leaning into Dean’s side and resting his head against Dean’s shoulder. “With all the running around getting things ready for the wedding, we’ve barely managed to actually
“Show off…” Dean muttered, swinging his legs back onto the hammock and stretching out before relaxing back into the soft material. “Wait – do you seriously never sweat?”
“Son of a-,” Dean grunts, using his arms to push himself back up against the headboard. His head snaps towards his brother’s yells, coming eye to eye with a particularly worried-looking Sam at his bedside, and an equally concerned looking Eileen next to him.
Dean nodded slowly; his head held low. “Cas, listen man... I hope you know I agonized over finding a way to get you out. I did. But all I could think about was how it would be another risk, y'know? Another entity to piss off, and... Christ, after... after what you did? Knowing you died for me? I didn’t wanna throw my life away and just... spit in the face of your sacrifice.”
“Named after you? How many other Castiel’s do you know?” Garth said with a grin, wrapping one arm around his wife, and the other around his daughter.
Rowena’s sentence drifts off at the sight of Dean’s eyes flaring blue, watching as Castiel fades away behind green eyes. Those blank, unoccupied eyes quickly shift to ones of worry, of impending doom as Dean Winchester once again takes control of his body. “It’s not going to work…?”
“As I said, I can only assume this is a part of your plan to bring back Castiel here. I did say I’d help, didn’t I?”
At first, Castiel said nothing. What was there to say to that? Dean didn’t speak another word. He didn’t need to. He just watched Castiel watching him. He stared into the endless ocean contained within those eyes as they studied him, wishing to know the thoughts that were racing behind them. Castiel’s mouth perked up in the smallest of smiles, grabbing the bottle in front of him and chugging down the last of his beer like he was man in a desert dying of thirst. He slammed the bottle down harder than he intended, but neither flinched. His eyes were on Dean’s again, empty bottle held loosely in his hands as he asked,
in the tar-like substance. It… it kind of reminded Dean of that nature documentary Cas made them sit down and watch, the one with the impacts of oil spills on nature. Those seagulls covered in oil, their wings… broken and ruined.
Dean eyed Sam as he finished setting up the candles atop the sigils they had hastily drawn onto the library table, the uneasiness he had already been feeling only heightening when Sam picked up his demon blade, holding his hand over the bowl of summoning ingredients, once more ready to bleed for Dean.
“Hey, me and Eileen had a bet going too!” Sam says jovially, the amused smile on his face slipping away as he caught sight of Dean’s fiery glare. “Sorry…”
“Heaven cannot exist without angels, Dean. We as beings are made from divine energy. We serve as Heaven’s batteries. Without us… it can no longer function. The destruction it would wreak on Earth would be catastrophic.
This was something else entirely. He just wanted for Cas to be okay. He wanted for his brother to be okay.
Sam had been giving him those looks non-stop since they had arrived back at the bunker. Dean had come to groggily in the back of the Impala, unable to wipe away the tears that had transferred over from his dream existence to the real one before Sam has spotted them, his mouth straightening into a thin line that
“The book…” Sam mutters at the realization. “We still have Chuck’s book! I mean – Billy read it again, didn’t she? After the plan changed, once Jack came back? Maybe this is part of the book, a new plan to end Chuck!”
He didn’t want to do it like this. Hell, he didn’t even know if Cas even had enough grace left to hear him. But he had to try. It worked last time, didn’t it? Every damn night…
The toothy smile on Cas’s face relaxes into a more gentle, yet also more perplexed one when he notices Dean’s eyes scanning across his face, seemingly taking in every little detail he can see. “What is it?” Castiel asks after what felt like a good two minutes or so of Dean just
Dean didn’t even have time to ask Sam who he was talking to before Sam opened the door a tad bit wider, giving enough room for a blur of fur to shoot into his room, claws skidding on the concrete floor as Miracle runs to him.
Because the doctors can’t reach him here. If he stays here, the Doctors won’t be able to tell him that Dean didn’t make it. Because that way, his brother will still be alive.
The doors had seemed to open by themselves. The man, although even then he certainly knew it wasn’t a
"If this is Dean's memory, then... Where's Dean?" Sam asks, only able to see the endless stretch of trees in front of them, not a person nor monster in sight.
If you weren't looking close enough, it would seem like there was no change to Dean's expression. Castiel knew him well though, could notice the slightest twitch of a muscle just under his eye. What he didn't know, however, was what exactly that
That was his best friend, his fiancée, his soon-to-be husband, who was walking towards him; elbow linked with his surrogate daughter with matching smiles on both their faces. Claire was dressed in the same cloudy gray dress as Eileen, looking as elegant as a princess from one of those Disney films Jack made them sit down and watch once. And then Cas…
“Is there anything you can do?” Dean asks. Though, ‘pleads’ would probably be a more apt word… “Something that can boost the spell?”
Castiel hummed thoughtfully, leaning back from the counter and squinting inquisitively at Dean, tapping a finger to his chin as he thought. Dean could get a better look at Castiel now; dressed in a sweater that was mostly hidden behind his apron which matched his eyes, looking much too warm to be worn. Next to Castiel on the counter was a donation box crafted in the shape of a bee-hive, the words ‘
?” Castiel asked, barely resisting the urge to shove Dean’s snickering head under the water for a taste of his own medicine.
“But… how?” Sam asks. “I thought you used the last of your grace in the transfer over to your body?”
Dean gave a sarcastic hum in response, reaching for a rag placed in a nearby toolbox to wipe the oil off his hands.
“Hey, don’t do that,” Castiel’s words, along with the feeling of his hand reaching out to grab hold of his, brings his focus back onto the angel laid beside him. “Tell me about something else.”
“You know, it’s never too late, Dean,” Sam spoke over his shoulder, pushing open the door to his apartment. “There’s no maximum age to go to college, y’know. Plenty of people older than eighteen go, you wouldn’t be the only one.”
Claire almost barked out a laugh when she had reached the end of the aisle, only to see Dean’s eyes fixated on Cas with the most blissed-out smile she’s ever seen. “Hey, Dean?”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean had grumbled out, another one of their odd staring matches that left Sam’s eyes darting between the two with an uncomfortable cough.
“Ask her,” Dean replies, jabbing a thumb behind him towards Eileen. “Your girlfriend started banging on my door at ass o’clock in the morning and took me for a joyride…”
Castiel could pick up the shift in Dean’s tone immediately. Gone was the light-hearted tone, left now with fear of judgment disguised under indifference that Dean had much practice with. “They do,”
Things are different now. It feels like there’s no time for anger. Especially not towards Cas, and especially not
Dean sauntered over to their Chester drawers, pulling the bottom drawer open and taking out a clean pair of jeans. He had one leg through when he noticed Castiel staring at him, a soft smile on his face as he watched Dean dress. “I know you like to get a long look of the goods, but the staring’s kinda creepy, Cas.” Cas’s smile turned more bashful, shaking his head and looking away.
“I wouldn’t say happy. Otherwise, the Empty would have taken me long ago. I was… content. Weighed down by this fear I would lose you, or Sam, or Jack, or Mary… lose my
by the power of this God standing a few feet away from me, I pronounce you spouses in love and in life. Now
“And now Cas’s grace is burning out,” Eileen added on too, feeling a tad bit guilty by how overwhelmed Rowena was looking at the influx of information. “It has been for a while, actually…”
“What are you two gossiping about now?” Sam’s amused voice brought Dean back into the present, realizing with a startle that they were already pulling into Jody’s driveway.
“Still can’t believe Dean finally made a move,” Jo brings Cas’s attention back to the patrons at the bar. “You guys were the big gossip circulating around the angel radio that Ash hooked us up to,” Jo jabs a thumb towards the mullet-wearing man sat at the end of the bar, tapping away at the keyboard on his laptop with one hand whilst giving Castiel a wave in greeting with the other.
of battles under his belt, but… hunting without being able to rely on his powers was always a nerve-wracking thought. Being mortal never felt more…
Sergei has his eyes firmly shut, his back turned to the two like he didn’t fear them in the slightest. “I am analyzing the scar, as was requested of me. Though… it appears that Castiel here does not want me doing so… Or, at least, his grace does not. That is
“I don’t think so,” Sam disputed. “Unless Dean knows something I don’t, humans shouldn’t be able to access an angel's grace. It’s not like you can tell it there or anything, at least – I couldn’t tell with Lucifer or Gadreel.”
“NO!” Dean shot out a hand to wrap around the arm on his shoulder, keeping Cas firmly in place. “Don’t you even think about it. We… there’s still a chance.”
to get through to him. He had barely been able to scoop the phone back up from the floor, just wanting the buzzing to
“CAS!” His yell echoes between the trees that surround him, seemingly amplified by the low fog that swirls around him. An endlessly hopeful part of him expects to see that trench-coat-wearing idiot stumbling towards him in the distance, maybe a little bloodied and battle-worn but otherwise
“What use is there in being angry?” Castiel’s voice is calm and soothing, a complete opposite to the rage brewing in Dean’s. “I could spend the last few hours of my life angry. I could rage on and on, shout to a God that no longer exists about how unfair it is. Or, I could spend my last few hours by your side. I could cherish the moments I get to feel your hand in mine, your heartbeat under my ear, all the things I never thought I’d get to have.”
Dean tiptoes towards the slightly opened door as quietly as he can, hovering by the entrance to the room, relieved to see that Cas had his back to him. There was a file in Cas's hands, one of many that surrounded him, dusty boxes having been pulled from shelves and piled around, Cas apparently deciding the room was in dire need of a reorganisation.
“It’s me,” Eileen reassured him, a comforting hand wrapped around his bicep. “I see the world hasn’t ended.”
Castiel knew Dean was especially worried when he threw him the keys to the Impala with a grunt of, “Here, you drive,” and slinking into the passenger seat before Cas could even look up from the keys in his hands.
The edge of Castiel’s lips barely curled into a smile, giving Dean a gentle nod in response. Dean could only stare wide-eyed at Cas for a few moments, just waiting to snap awake back in his bed surrounded by empty bottles of booze, tricked by yet another cruel dream his mind liked to torture him with.
The first thing they noticed upon returning to the bunker was that the door had been left open. Not too strange, since there was a chance Sam, Eileen, Rowena, Jack, and Claire hadn’t long since returned and decided to leave the door cracked open for their return. But on the other hand, this was still supposed to be a secret bunker that kept out most supernatural beings that weren’t welcome - and keeping the friggen door opened was kind of ruining the whole point of that.
to get Sam and Eileen back to safety, that he didn’t even notice the familiar barn that the Impala rumbled up to in the middle of nowhere. Desolate in location, its aged wooden exterior looking about ready to fall apart at even the gentlest blow of the wind. This was a barn that Castiel absolutely
Kids ran back and forth in front of him, a mix of delighted giggles and ear-piercing screeches coming from them once they caught sight of the pen of fluffy donkeys just waiting to be pet and brushed all over. Tired looking parents chased after each and every one, though the smiles on their faces as they did so surely meant they couldn’t be having
“I’m safe, Cas.” Dean assured him, briefly turning from the cabinet to face Cas. “Let’s just… I don’t know, be like normal people for a night.”
Dean had never felt so out of place. Sam and Eileen were sat comfortably on the couch in the living room whilst he was sort of just… off to the side in his wheelchair. Yeah, he could have sat on the couch if he wanted to, but a) he’d rather not be squashed up against Sam and Eileen, and b) …he’s too lazy to move back and forth from the wheelchair.
I'm not risking that, Cas. Losing my best friend is going to hurt enough. If you become more than that, then... I don't think I can survive that, Cas. I'm not giving in to feelings that might not even be my own"
Sam knew what this meant. Logically, he knew what the Doctor was telling him. He just… he couldn’t believe it. They had to have got it wrong.
“It’s probably best Claire joins us first. Just so we can get the whole story out in one go.” Sam tells her.
, jumping up from her chair and racing around to her husband’s side, ready to get involved in case things get
It doesn't take long for Castiel to find the next shimmer, checking over his shoulder that Sam was ready before grabbing ahold, throwing the two of them into the next memory.
And then it’s Cas’s turn to make Dean freeze up in disbelief and stare at Cas wide-eyed, because he chuckles warmly at Dean’s statement and tells him, “I suppose that makes me stupid too, then.”
He could have stepped in whenever, snapped his fingers, and fixed the world's problems. But no. Instead, he hid behind this ‘tired father’ façade, crafting a story about how it was best to stand back and let humanity figure itself out. It’s all bullshit. He wasn’t tired, he was
ordered.” Dean retaliated with a beaming smile, turning his wheelchair around and heading towards the hallway.
“Do you like it?” Jack asked brightly, still searching for the approval of those he looks up to despite now being
“The last time we had access to an angel, we were able to perform another experiment; finding a way to extract an angel of their grace to see the effects it had on the angel, and to see what uses the grace can provide outside its host. I have repeated the same procedure here, but this time I have not extracted
“Pleasure ain’t exactly a word I’d use,” Dean grumbled in response, backing away from the stairs as the Russian got closer. “But I’m willing to play nice for the time being.”
Dean rolled his eyes at the message. Texting with Cas was… kinda fun. Not that he didn’t think it wouldn’t be, but the way it was going wasn’t exactly what he had in mind. If he was being honest with himself, the more he messaged Cas, the less he felt connected to the guy he met in the coffee shop. He supposed that some people were just braver behind a screen than they were talking in person.
that part of me that was still a kid hoped that Dad would at least keep it together enough for the sake of me and Sammy. For a while, he mourned with us. Half the time with a bottle in his hands. Then a few months later, he enlists back into the Marines. I suppose it was his coping method- too busy being told what to do to think about everything. Didn’t give much of a thought as to how this was gonna screw up me and Sammy big time…”
Dean closed the cover to the third book they had been smimming through, pushing it over to the ‘completed’ pile at the other end of the table.
takes it out of you. Plus, you see this face? Doesn’t stay this pretty at my age without some beauty sleep, Sammy.”
Dean cleared his throat, trying to push away the lump that had suddenly appeared there at Jack's words. “That’s, uh….”
possessing Dean heal him completely? Whatever it is, it saved his life, but… it was like it didn’t have the energy left to heal everything else. I mean, I can’t imagine a demon wanting to use a vessel that’s… that’s paralyzed…”
Dean sighed, tipping his head up to the sky and pinching the bridge of his nose. This guy was going to be the death of him, he could already tell. He’d put up with him for now, though. He’d have to. If he wanted a chance with Castiel, that was. “Wouldn’t it be easier just to call them now and explain everything?”
Any time he saw Castiel coming down the hallway or entering the room, he would simply do a 180 and escape the situation as soon as possible. He didn't even know if Cas was actually
“What about Cas?” Sam asks frantically, giving Dean’s shoulder a rough shake. Jack looked like he was about to cry. Dean wondered if he knew already. If he could feel it.
"The way I hear it–" Benny continues ignoring Dean. "–You two hit monster land, and hot wings here took off. I figure he owes you some backstory."
“So… Cas forced himself to experience a moment of true happiness to… save you?” Claire asked. “How does that work?”
Dean reaches out a shaky hand, half expecting his hand to feel air instead of the sole piece of clothing hanging in the otherwise empty closet. Instead, his fingers brush against the oh too familiar scratchy material of its sleeve, his eyes beginning to burn with unexpected tears as he takes in the beige colors.
money a month prior into his trench-coat pocket (he and Dean had argued back and forth over the purchase, with Dean insisting he just takes one of the old classic cars from the Men of Letters collection. The argument was dropped when Cas bought up how odd it would be for someone working at a Gas N’ Sip to pull up into work with an expensive classic car from the thirties.)
“Passed the evidence onto the local police,” Sam said. “They took him in; no idea what they’ll do with him.”
Eileen’s arms had snaked around his waist, her face buried into the soaked material of his shirt, not bothered by its dampness in the slightest.
Dean’s body straightened up again, eyes flashing with angelic grace before returning to the usual soft green eyes of his brother. Dean blinked in a daze as he came back into his own body, giving a little shiver to try and clear the odd feeling.
She didn’t know how, but she knew straight away. Perhaps it was the strained, constipated sounding way he spoke, or his voice dropping deeper (which she thought was impossible already), or the way Dean’s eyes had lost that playful and joking edge they usually held with her, replaced with a much softer and more… more
to knock my phone out of my hands?” Sam complains, turning the Impala towards the exit ramp of the highway. “Concrete floors aren’t great for fragile glass screens, you know.”
Dean was interrupted by a splash of holy water hitting his face, about half of it getting into his mouth. He scrunched his eyes shut against the onslaught of water, swinging his mouth closed and leaning his head to the side to spit the holy water onto the floor.
Dean’s mouth felt dry, a wave of nausea flooding through him at the thought of what had been broken inside of him so badly for Cas to be this apprehensive with his answer.
Walking around the side of the house, towards the lake, is where he spotted Cas. Cas was waiting, stood at the end of the dock with a damn
“Dean… you know we wouldn’t be doing this usually, but… with the hunt so local and so many people already dead…”
Dean clasps his free hand around the rounded doorknob, painstakingly turning it until he hears the ‘click’ of the lock, wincing at how loud the usually quiet sound felt in the silence of the room. Dean swings the door open slowly, peering out of the room and into the pitch-blackness of his apartment. He can barely make out the shadowed outline of his furniture, lit up only by the muted lights of passing traffic peeking in through the partly opened blinds.
“Course, Cas. It’s no problem,” Dean said, his fingers drumming along the steering wheel. “I… Shit, I hope I’m not being too forward here, Cas, but… Would it be selfish of me to say I’m not quite ready for our date to end yet?”
Dean let his eyelids fall closed as Cas’s head rested against his, brushing his thumb against the cool metal ring wrapped around Cas’s ring finger. “Step three, Cas,” Dean whispered against his lips, squeezing Cas’s hand in his.
Dean nearly jumped out of his skin at the barked order. He had become so absorbed in reading the sign and mindlessly stepping forward as the line shortened that he hadn’t even realized they had reached the front. Dean turned to Sam, ready to say he had no friggen clue what to order, but Sam was already walking over to one of the baristas that had become available; A short man with locks of golden hair and a smile that spoke both of years of experience in customer service, and years of charming every person he came into contact with.
And yet… here was a new message from Eileen on his phone. Just a little over two weeks from the last message. Sam clicks on the chat bubble, opening up the conversation and tapping rapidly across his phone’s keyboard.
of all people would have learned that by now, with as much time you spend with us. And you know what?
“You’re going to be relying on your arm strength, mostly,” Doctor Sullivan bent over the wheelchair, applying the brakes on the underside of the chair.
The next guests they greeted were the only other guests at this little reception of theirs, having gathered in a small group off to the side. Donna was the first to spot them making their way over, breaking out into a friendly grin that she always seemed to have. “Can you believe it, eh? Dean Winchester?
does. But most of all? You protected her, Castiel. You made sure to look out for her. Now, she has a
Castiel knew there was nothing he could say to help alleviate Dean’s guilt. This was just something he was going to have to feel. So, instead, he reached out across the table, pulling out one of Dean’s crossed arms from under him and intertwining his fingers with Deans. “We can’t change the past, Dean.”
but considering Chuck needed my eyes to see what was happening in the bunker, maybe not? It’s… I don’t know how it works, if you’re keeping an eye on us down here or you’re busy doing other stuff, but…”
Sam sighed at the apprehensive look that remained glued on his brother’s face, placing a comforting hand on his arm. “Listen… Cas loves you, okay? You know he does. He’s
“Oh, right,” Dean said with a chuckle. He forgets not everyone has had the pleasure of acquainting themselves with Baby yet. “My car. It was Dad’s car, originally. ’67 Chevrolet Impala, sleek black and not a scratch on her. Most beautiful piece of engineering you’ll ever lay your eyes on.”
knew,” Castiel handed the bottle of beer in his hands back over to Dean, like it was something they had done before – sharing a bottle of beer together. “I thought that, in the case you figured it out for yourself, it was best to wait to do anything until you told me. Then again, I wasn’t entirely confident in your confession given the fact that you were likely given a concussion.”
“Somehow,” Dean said with a sheepish chuckle. “Guy called up to ask if I was still interested in the job offer, as they hadn’t heard from me in a while. Told ‘em I was in an accident and was bed-ridden for a while – which is
“I mean… he was just writing what he saw,” Charlie’s knowing look made Castiel want to run away and hide. “Dean might just be the biggest disaster of a closeted Bi I had ever met…”
“Will your first act as a married man be to murder your husband in the middle of woods, in the middle of night, in the middle of nowhere, where no one will hear you commit such a heinous crime?” Castiel asked, taking a seat on a fallen tree, and glancing up to Dean.
to have been the one that helped you to do that, Castiel. Even if it’s only by lending you my body.”
surgery beforehand. That is to say, we’ve stuffed him with a few pieces of explosives. Small pieces of dynamite. We left an opening for the wires to be connected to the detonator in my hand.”
“And you can do that because… you’re in my head… Holy - - I said yes, didn’t I? You’re… you’re possessing me?”
and for that small, sweet moment, he thought they’d make it. They’d get out of another mess he had thrown them into. But then something strange happened.
Dean’s face softened at that, closing his eyes again so he wouldn’t have to see the enduring pain on Cas’s face. “You deserved so much more, Cas…”
“Yeah, I know, but… I can’t help but think about when I lost him in purgatory. When I kept seeing him, back then, and… all that time, he was trying to reach out to me.”
Dean’s word elicited a beaming smile from Cas, that toothy smile he so rarely sees from Cas that he knows he’s going to be spending the rest of his life trying to see as often as possible. And really, what else can he do but smile back, just two idiots smiling at each other in a cramped, barely lit kitchen?
“Alright…” Dean caved, lifting up his arm to rest on the Impala’s seat above him. “Alright, Sammy… help me up.”
Castiel chuckled warmly, letting his eyes scan across the forming constellations appearing in the night sky. “I think it’s more likely that I’ll get to watch
The sight of the doctor shaking his head made Sam’s heart sink a little. “I’m sorry, Mr. Winchester. Your brothers at a very vulnerable stage right now, and it’s important for our staff to be able to reach him as quickly as they can.”
“Sammy? I… huh, I don’t really know. He’s got Eileen now, so… Guess it’s up to them whether they continue the hunting game or get smart and retire.”
"Can Uncle Sammy help us too?" James asks, tilting his head back to look at Fake Castiel "Please...?"
what have I gotten myself into…” Dean whispered to himself, shaking his head at Gabriels gestures to practically crawl across the ground to him. Gabriel had his head poked around the corner to the building, peering into it’s darkened windows. “
“Cas… I’m not going to lie to you, I spent way too long thinking about what to say to you. I, uh… I actually started writing it down, had it all on this little piece of paper, and I realized… I didn’t need it. I didn’t need to sit there and think about how I feel for you. If I’m unable to tell you what you deserve to hear from my heart, right on the spot, then… what’s the point? So, everything I’m about to say… I want you to know that I mean every word of it.”
Dean’s not much one for interior decorating, but he had to admit, this place was certainly something to behold. At least, it was something to look at while they waited in this agonizingly long line. “I swear Sammy, this coffee better not be more than five bucks…”
These were all views that would elicit a smile from any person. But it wasn’t until Castiel laid eyes on Dean Winchester lounging on a bright orange hammock tied between two trees by the edge of the forest that Castiel found his lips beginning to curl up.
Even Jack’s head whipped up, scarily in sync with Sam as they stared up at Dean in disbelief. “What?” Dean asked them. “Why are you guys looking at me like that?”
“Not a joke,” Dean says quietly. “I don’t care what way you do it; burn me out from the inside, slit my throat and use the last of your grace to heal my body, whatever.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it,” Gabriel interrupted him with a scowl. “Honestly? A little offense taken there, uh… What
Dean shrugged his shoulders, forgetting that Sam couldn’t see him. “Eh, a few. No solo hunts, before you panic. There was a hunter going through town, uh, Jason White? Hadn’t heard of him before, but-,” Dean huffed quietly in laughter. “-He sure as hell heard of me. Seems the Winchester name still has its rep around the hunter community.”
been planning to take a break herself – perhaps even catch a few winks of sleep – but seeing Sam so devoted to finding an answer… she knew she’d just feel like crap if she left him to do
Now there was no one. He was fading away now, the blackness starting to creep into the corner of his vision, slowly creeping in with every passing second, with every fading heartbeat. He didn’t want to be alone. He didn’t want to be
Dean slowly uncurled his fingers out from his clenched fist, closing his eyes and letting out a deep sigh. Sam had remained silent- perhaps sensing that Cas was talking to him – his grip around Dean’s arm loose but still there, still ready.
“Sort of like a mix between the two, actually,” Sam added on hurriedly. “You know, what with the first one not being able to support life without a soul, and the second one
“Guess you’ll never find out the truth…” Dean shrugged his shoulders, eyeing the depleting remains of his coconut cocktail. “Since you’re so dead set on the ‘no sleeping with strangers’ thing…”
All that responsibility, all that power you suddenly have to handle… It must be overwhelming. You’re trying your best, I know that. Sam’s said about how you weren’t going to be involved anymore, but… we’re running out of options here Jack, and I… I can’t see how you’d happily sit back and watch Cas die; let him go back to the Empty to suffer for
Dean glances over to the knife that had been thrown across the room, seemingly debating something. Memory Castiel watches him patiently, waiting for his next words.
“Wow… Uh, I mean - - I’m still a little shell shocked at the minute… Don’t get me wrong, I’m… I’m thrilled to have you back, Cas. I missed you. You and Jack. Except, at least with Jack I knew he was still
“Yeah. You should have heard how damn proud Sammy was when I told him. He offered me a place to stay in his apartment, said I could find work here in California… Maybe I should have taken his offer.”
“Everything.” Dean responded, tapping a random rhythm against the side of his glass with his pointer finger. “I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up, man. This half-baked plan where we juice Jack up and just… just fucking
Dean hummed low in his throat in acknowledgment, tipping his nearly finished glass back and draining the last of its contents. Castiel’s eyes followed the movement of his hands as Dean let his glass drop back down to the table, pulling the whiskey bottle closer with his other hand and pouring himself a fresh glass. Castiel’s sigh was barely audible, but Dean could still pick it up. He was pretty good at stuff like that with Cas. Castiel shuffled closer to the table, gently lowering himself down into the seat Dean had offered like an old man with stiff bones would. Which, technically, Dean guessed he was. Cas was, what, a few billion years old? Explains why he treats Dean like a little kid sometimes. From his perspective, that’s probably what Dean is.
“The color purple has a taste?” Cas clicked his fingers, effortless cleaning up the spilled whiskey.
“I suppose I, um… there were occasions where I would try to be… close to you. Standing side by side at interviews, next to each other in the kitchen or at the map table… I would take the opportunity then; A touch of the hand, legs bumping under the table, my shoulder brushing against yours… Any time there was even the slightest of contact, I would send over some of my grace. Heal the minor damage inside that you usually can’t see – or don’t keep track of.”
“The Grace has to be extracted from the neck…” Sam tells them, his own face twisting into a grimace at the reminder of his own experience. “
persuasive. Why should this innocent man have his life cut short? Why isn’t there a way to remove the angel, but keep the man inside alive? Today, we’re going to try just that with a little theory of mine.”
“Long as you make me sound cool and omit the part where I nearly threw up having my catheter removed - then I’m all for it.”
“And more importantly – is it on our side,” Dean added. “Whatever it is, it’s gotta be powerful, right? It would be nice to find out we’ve got a major player on the board that’s fighting
Castiel whined keenly into Dean’s mouth, the muffled sound sending a jolt of electricity down Dean’s spine and every nerve end, reaching the tips of his toes. Castiel nibbled gently at Dean’s lip before he let his lips part, granting Dean’s incessant tongue access. The five o’clock shadow on Castiel’s face scratched against Dean’s skin as their mouths worked together, the rough burning sensation of his stubble scratching Dean’s sensitive skin only heightening everything else he was feeling.
Dean couldn’t believe he hadn’t caught wind of this himself. Then again, it wasn’t as if he had been actively searching for a case these past few days…
“Damn, time really does fly by in Heaven,” Bobby curses, sliding the half-drunken beer out of Castiel’s hand and giving him another encouraging pat on the back. “It was good seeing you again, Castiel.”
The door to his bedroom never seemed so foreboding as it did right now. Dean only pauses for a split-second outside of his door before he gathers up the courage he needs and swings the door open. When he steps inside, he’s immediately met with resistance. Cas was standing as still as a statue, no longer giving in to Dean’s guiding tugs. His eyes were scanning the room like it was the first time he had truly laid eyes on it, and Dean could immediately spot the way his forehead had began to crease with worry. He gives Cas time to work through whatever it is that’s going through his mind right now, only raising a brow in question once Castiel’s searching gaze lands on him.
"Cas. Cas, I don't know what the hell is wrong with you, but if you're in there and you can hear me, you don't have to do this," Dean begs, eyes drawn to the blade in Memory Cas's hand.
“It would just be nice if Jack was there, you know? I mean, he… I know, he’s God and all that now, more important things, but… he’s our
Castiel blinked up at Jack in surprise, slowly standing back up from his crouch as he takes in Jack’s pleased smile. “What do you mean?”
Castiel goes quiet at that, the tenseness of his body under Dean’s hand only going to prove his previous statement right. And yet, he still asks Cas, “Am I right?”
wants. So how about we both put aside our hissy fits for the time being, get over our own damn egos, and you get your feathery ass back here and help us figure out how the hell we’re supposed to kill God?”
There's not much else in existence Castiel has personally seen that is brighter than the soul of the man stood in front of him. Apart from, perhaps, the genuinly thrilled smile he gets from Dean once he starts singing again, enough to make him stumble over his words slightly before he gets back on track.
“Well…Shit,” Dean muttered with a chuckle. “God, it all makes sense now. Seriously dude, no offense, but I have never been so relieved.”
“I think I’m good enough at my powers not to do that now,” Jack replied, raising up his hand as if to show Dean something. “I’ve been practicing with-,”
“Well, I thought… if she’d be up for it, that is, that… maybe Claire would be there to, uh… to give you away?”
“Yes!” Dean’s yell boomed around the car, whipping his head to face Castiel for the first time, who could only stare at Dean in astonishment. “When are you going to realize it, you idiot! You’re
All three wheeled around (quite literally, in Dean’s case) at the unforgettable Scottish accent, greeted by the sight of a – thankfully – smiling Rowena as she stretched out on one of the chairs, a tumbler of whisky already in hand.
Castiel’s brow pinches at the apparent disappointment in Dean’s voice, worried he took his previous statement as discouragement. “I’d imagine you have a broader knowledge of weddings than me. Describe it for me, Dean.”
It was quite cruel on his part, in Dean’s opinion. Waiting quite literally to the last second, with the cap of the whiskey twisted off and seconds away from being poured into his favorite crystal tumbler when Cas interrupted him.
“There a beach hidden somewhere in this place?” Dean asks, half-joking and half being dead serious. “Maybe we can finally go on that beach vacation, eh? Me, you and Sammy, swim trunks, sea, sun, and sand… or speedos – I don’t judge. Maybe we can even convince the kid to come down for it when Sammy gets up here?”
Dean sighed, lifting his head from the guitar and sliding it off his lap, leaning it carefully against the side of the bar next to him. Castiel’s eyes followed him as he stood from the barstool, brushing off non-existent dust from his jeans in what was more of a gesture of habit than anything. Dean’s arms found themselves tugging at Castiel’s arm to get him to stand, answering Castiel’s inquisitive frown with an easy smile.
“And what about my legs?” Dean couldn’t help but ask. “Will they… will they be like this forever? Could they heal?”
“Am I-,” Dean huffed in irritation, reaching around to grab his brothers’ hand and place it against Cas's neck.
Sam cleared his throat awkwardly, looking everywhere but at his older brother. “Let’s just… pretend that didn’t happen.”
The walks had become more and more difficult the past few months. For the both of them, in fact. His wrinkled hands seem to shake atop his cane with every step – something he never thought he’d say in his youth; he had a damn cane – and every step they took was cautious and calculated, considering the fact that one wrong step, one small fall, would more than likely result in something being broken.
Even when Eileen came around to his side; when she had dropped down next to him, rest her head on his shoulder, and held his hand tightly in her own… he couldn’t tear his eyes away from his brother and his once best friend.
“I know.” Castiel replied, letting his hand drop back down to his lap. “I do keep it in the car when I’m listening to it. If not, I keep it on me.”
you’re my destination, Cas. And you know I don’t like saying girly shit like that, but… I'm trying with
If he’d somehow gained enough good karma to secure a place in Heaven, or if he were heading back down to Hell…
to her physical form. You had something to work with there, you see? The resurrection spell, it’s… it’s more like turning the spirit into
of it compares to the honor of knowing you, Dean. I was, am, and always will be ready to give all that up in a heartbeat, if it means I end up right here with you. So, on the days that you wonder why I married you – and I
The handle shifts under his hand. A subtle click in its mechanisms underneath the cold metal. When Castiel pushes the door this time, it swings open easily. He takes a cautious step into Dean’s room, waiting for Dean to move from his position on the bed; laid out flat on his back, staring up at the ceiling with his hands clasped just under his chest.
Dean was saved from having to answer, the door creaking open once more to reveal the tired yet smiling face of Doctor Sullivan peeking into the room.
was something that Castiel didn’t understand; how exactly was it that they had managed to get access to Dean’s
Dean huffed at the sensible words Cas was speaking into his mind, crossing his arms in the hospital bed like a child throwing a tantrum.
“Not long after you came back from… y’know… the Empty,” Dean gets out. “But, uh… he brought it up after you knocked us out with your mojo and ran off with Kelly against our wishes.”
Castiel held Dean’s begging gaze for a few moments more before closing his eyes with a heavy sigh, nodding his head in resignation. “I wouldn’t expect you not to. Not for Sam,” Then, he turns to the wardrobe he and Dean shared, pulling out a few pairs of shirts and slacks for himself, daring Dean to challenge him as he stuffed them into the duffel. “But you can’t expect me not to go, too.”
zoned out of it? He didn’t pass a single person on the road. Not on the quiet backways, not on the highways… there was nothing.
His phone vibrated against his leg, ripping Sam out of his thoughts. He pulled it out from his pockets, swiping a thumb across the screen to unlock it.
There was even a little wooden dock practically on their backyard, where the two of them sat many a time, enjoying the warm summer evenings. Miracle especially liked the dock for diving into the water – typically whilst Dean was fishing, scaring any nearby fish away and pretty much ruining any chance of him getting a catch.
“We need to get Sam,” Eileen cuts him off the second he gets the door open, rushing around behind him and grabbing hold of the wheelchair's handles. Dean startles awake just a little bit more at the sudden push behind him, hanging onto his wheelchair for grip as Eileen races towards the library.
Dean didn’t know if it could talk. It didn’t need to, anyway. Dean knew what it was asking, and he answered the silent request without a second thought.
"Djinn..." Dean breathes out in disbelief, glancing over to his house behind him, thinking over something in his mind before looking back to the two of them.
“And, uh…” Dean paused to take a sip of his coke, taking advantage of the opportunity to get his thoughts under control. “What do they think?”
Cas had uttered the words so soft, so quietly that Dean almost didn’t hear him. Like Cas intended for those words to be heard for him and him alone, even though there wasn’t another soul in sight. And yeah, maybe he
“Maybe you guys should just keep bags of your blood around or something for that,” Claire joked from the couch. “With how often you guys get injured, it would probably be useful.”
Sam ducked his head down with an abashed grin, huffing in almost silent laughter. “I’ll get right on that.”
“What the hell is happening?” Eileen had her arms braced against Baby’s dash, not at all expecting the rather sudden stop.
“I always tried to encourage my family to see them the way I did, but my brothers… most of my brothers, they were strict followers of my parent's guidelines, so they wouldn’t even bother
“Eh… I’ve been through worse, Doc.” Dean let his head drop back into the scratchy hospital pillow, closing his eyes against the bright ceiling lights.
“I can take up any form I wish to,” Castiel answered. “My true form right now is nothing but light, my grace circulating through your body. I chose to appear to you as Jimmy because… it’s what I’m most comfortable with now. And it allows me to speak to you face to face.”
go perfectly, okay? Maybe we’ll get our miracle, and you’ll be back. But… I think we both know that that’s just a pipe dream at this point. Rowena wouldn’t bring it up unless she thought it was a problem, and clearly… she doesn’t have much hope for this either.”
Cas’s eyebrows shot up in surprise at Dean’s statement, bending his arm back awkwardly to touch the hole running through him, his hand coming back soaked in blood. “Yes, I know. But I’m fine, Dean. Neither of us can be harmed, not truly. Not in your dreams.”
“More often than you’d think. Takes the worry out of what you’re going to order for someone. Technically, they picked an item from the menu. Hard to get mad at someone for ordering exactly what you asked for.”
Replaced by the son of Lucifer - no, no that’s not right. She knows Jack is more than that. She knows from Sam’s sad, soft smiles when he talks of him, of the pained sheen in Dean’s eyes at any mention of Jack that he was more than just his genetics. Jack is… Jack is their kid. There was no other way to describe him, really. It didn’t matter that they weren’t of the same blood, or even entirely of the same species. The Winchesters had taken him into their home, had raised him, taught him what it’s like to be human.
But no, it’s Cas that answers on the other end of the line with a very curt and unfriendly sounding, “What?”
“Right…” Sam said blankly, shaking his head as he tried to bring himself back to reality. “Right! Yeah, uh… so, what do you think? Can it be done?”
Sam’s furrowed brow straightened out to an expression of slack-jawed dumbfounded as he felt the rapid flutter of Cas's pulse against his fingertips. “Oh my God… Oh my
“Right, right – I should save all the jokes for the reception,” Rowena clapped her hands joyfully, looking around the small clearing they were in. “Now, don’t we have a wedding to attend?”
“This morning, he texted me saying that they tracked down the nest,” Dean answers, not even looking at Cas as he speaks, focused on grabbing his pistol from under his pillow and checking it over before sliding it in amongst the clothes in the duffel. “That was the last text I got. Said he and Eileen were heading in to see what was up and… nothing but radio silence since.”
to him, how much… well, how much he loves him. Even if Dean doesn’t quite realize it himself -or, as she hopes it to be – knows but doesn’t like talking to them about it.
Sergei’s eyes snapped back open, the removal of his hand from Dean’s arm a great relief to both Dean and Castiel.
right by him, leaving him there standing at the end of the dock staring down at the object Cas has pressed into his hand. And honestly, this in itself was more painful than anything Cas could have ever said in return.
“We like to take turns. I’ll have a problem, then Sam’ll have a problem… Then Cas… It’s just Cas’s turn to step up to the plate.”
“…Sorry?” Dean meekly offers, the charming smile he usually puts on for girls coming out a bit more lopsided than he intended.
Castiel sucked off some grease that has dripped down his finger, leveling Sam with a bemused stare. “I already considered you a brother to me, Sam.”
not… Look, I’m… I don’t want to be the guy to look a gift horse in the mouth, you know? For some reason,
“Cas is on board,” Dean tells Sam before Cas can argue anymore, getting a long-suffering sigh from the angel.
“Oh, it’s a compliment,” Ellen assures him. “You’ve changed for the better, Castiel. It’s not that we’re surprised Dean fell for you - we’re surprised how
Eileen dropped down on her knees next to them, picking up on their sudden fanatic movements but unable to hear or read the brother's panicked words. “What?! What is it?!”
love with you. And listen, I know I kinda sprung this up on you at a bad time, and… I know I’ve acted like a real jerk to you lately, so you have every right to just pretend like this never happened and-,”
someone waiting to talk you in there that might. A few, actually. We’ve been keeping a close eye on you guys; it’s been both stressful and amusing to watch everything unfold, I can tell you that.”
“Shut up,” Sam complained, fistful of sugar packets still in hand as he veered towards the exit of the shop. “Gabriel said-“
and knowing that he had been part of the reason it was there in the first place stirred up something in his chest that had been showing up a lot lately.
changed him. He cared… because of me. And I still didn’t believe it when he said it, until he died for me because…”
Dean shrugged. “I think it’s just old paper. Plus, seems like this is one of those experiments by Sinclair that he didn’t really want the other Men of Letter’s interfering in. Wouldn’t be surprised if he tried to keep it as much as a secret as he could – hence the weird paper.”
This ‘I know’ was different from the one last night. Castiel’s voice in his mind was different now. One of cautious hope, rather than acceptance and surrender. There was going to be
“C’mon,” Gabriel waved him away from the door, ducking down and darting past the glass windows of the restaurant as quickly as he can. “
“This is it…” Dean breathes out in his shock. “This is… it’s what we were looking for, isn’t it? Recreating the vessel so it’s able to sustain life, but not need a soul?”
, the scolding tone you'd hear from a mother to their child, a voice that seems to say "How many times do we have to go down this road?"
Dean laughs weakly, rubbing a tired hand across his face and, when he drops it, he also drops his guard. Castiel can see the bone-deep
This was it. He couldn’t hold back now. Not when this might be his last chance. Even if… Even if Cas was no longer alive to hear this message. “And – And I – I forgive you. Of
"Jack meant more to me than you can know. Yeah, we had our rough patches at the beginning, but we worked through it. Coz you know what? You were right. He's a good fucking kid. I was
“I would perhaps argue it’s the understatement of the millennia,” Castiel says, his oddly light and joking tone enough for Dean to peer up at him underneath his hands. “Though, I may be biased; it is
Miracle happily trotted alongside Dean as he wheeled down the bunker’s hallways, plastering on a smile as he descends the little ramp over the stairs into the kitchen. Sam and Eileen were situated behind the kitchen counter, Eileen sipping on a fresh cup of coffee whilst Sam finished up plating a towering stack of fluffy pancakes.
, do you have any idea, Sam? I never let myself think about it, about what Cas was to me. He could be a stubborn bastard and hard to read at times, and this
Eileen sighs, closing her eyes and resting her head against her clasped hands. “Things aren’t looking good, Jack. And I know there’s probably no point to this seeing as Sam, Dean and Cas must have prayed to you a billion times already, but… I thought I’d give it a shot anyway. Cas, uh… Cas isn’t doing too good. He doesn’t have much time left, and… it feels like he could go at any second. I know from all the stories Sam’s told me that you and Cas… you were pretty much a mini him. Both of you always trying to do your best… just wanting to be good. And I know that Cas, he… he always had your back. Even before you were born, even in the times… the times that Dean and Sam were unsure…
"Damn, its good to see you!" Dean tells him, smile not leaving his face for a second as he raises a hand to brush across the hair growing on Castiels face. "Nice beach fuzz."
“Claire - I ever decide to go and do something so stupid? I’ll have the shotgun loaded and ready outside the door for you to use.”
He needs to answer that. Something could have gone wrong. Jack, maybe? Charlie? Donna? Bobby? The others?
“Dammit Sammy, I thought we were going out for coffee,” Dean complained, turning his annoyed gaze to his little brother. “Not a…” Dean squinted harder at the sign. “…A masichacimacachino. Whatever that is.”
It seemed that Claire is taking after Jody more and more every time that Dean sees her, considering the fact that her expression is pretty much identical to Jody’s, her eyes drawn to Dean sticking out like a sore thumb in the room.
“Hm… I know if our roles were swapped, and it was you trapped in that place? I don’t think I’d be coping much better than Dean is.”
Castiel huffed a hushed laugh. “I’d imagine so, yes… It was definitely trying it’s best to keep me there when the portal opened.”
"What had to be done? Are you saying we should have just killed you, when the mark consumed you, turned you into a demon? Should we have killed Sam, when he returned from the cage without his soul? "
heal my brother?” Sam stressed, leaning closer to Eileen over the table. “And why would they have to ‘lie low?’”
Castiel rolled his eyes at him, but the smile on his face remained - they often came around Dean, and usually stuck around for quite some time. “What about Sam and Eileen?”
Something else, something new after that. A crackling sound, fizzing with power, or more accurately, power fading. Cas had tried to buy them more time. Of course he would. But they both knew it was only a temporary solution. A
“I think the keys to your truck are hanging in the garage somewhere,” Sam finally got out in a rush. “If you wanted to take them and head home…”
Those were the keywords Dean picked out. This meant that whatever it was, Cas had been keeping it a secret for a while. At least, enough time to warrant those words. Dean didn’t say anything in response, waiting quietly for Castiel to continue.
were written in elegant golden writing, sat upon a pretty backdrop of a blue sky and fluffy white clouds, with the ‘H’ and ‘G’ both having halos painted atop of them. Despite all of this, the most striking aspect of the sign was the ebony black wings stretched out beside the name of the shop, their tips nearly going past the edge of the sign.
Dean catches a figure at the doorway out of the corner of his eye, only partly illuminated by the buzzing kitchen lights that spilled out into the dark hallways. Dean’s guess is proven wrong as his eyes land on a familiar tan trench coat, solemn eyes flicking up from the whiskey bottle to meet Castiel’s disheartened face.
Castiel moves closer to him, only coming to a stop once he had entered Dean's personal space, and dammit, the bastard
Dean groaned out loud at this, placing the bottle down hard on the kitchen island with a loud ‘thump’, very nearly spilling the precious amber liquid.
"Look, me and Dean, we... we don't always see eye to eye with certain things. We don't always tell each other everything there is to know, and this? This is one of those things. I mean, I don't exactly
“And this little rascal is Sam,” Garth said, crouching down and tousling the hair of the little boy with his thumb in his mouth. The younger Sam popped his thumb out his mouth long enough to give Dean and Cas a little wave before promptly sticking his thumb back in his mouth.
His dreams of Purgatory were never dreams. They were nightmares. And no matter how hard he tries, no matter the real outcome of his time in Purgatory… he never reaches his goal.
“Life isn’t possible without the sun, and it’s said that God created and nourished all life. Perhaps each sun
“How the hell are you alive?” Sam asked once they broke apart, glancing over to Eileen to gauge her reaction. Eileen was still stood by the door, looking unsure as to what she should do now. Sam tucked the angel blade back into his jacket, sitting back down in the chair next to Dean’s bed. “Dean said you were gone?”
He whirls around in an instant, knocking off the assailant’s arm and lifting his pistol to aim. The gun is wrenched out of his hands in an instant, the unexpectedly strong pull nearly sending him tumbling straight into his attacker. Dean hears his gun clatter to the floor, and he throws a punch out of instinct, feeling his knuckles connect with the strangers’ jaw. There’s a pained grunt from the man,
different, and there was no way of getting around that. It felt like all of his previous experience had been erased, all the way back at step one, and now he’s fifteen years old and about to lose his damn virginity again for the first time.
He doesn’t want to picture that in this world, though. Maybe even just a few hours ago, he’d let himself delve into such dangerous indulgences, of things he never thought he'd have. Hell, things he didn’t even
the paper! It was like a secret compartment or something!” Eileen waves the paper at them. “I cut it open and
seat. He pulls his laptop towards him, flipping open the top and getting to work. “Fine, Cas. You don’t wanna come back home? Then I’ll come to you…”
“That he is,” Dean confirmed with a proud smile. “Kid’s on the last year of his scholarship now. Sometimes I can't quite believe it myself. Not that he wouldn’t make it, that is. Guy’s a genius, course he would. He’s just… Guess time just flew by.”
The warding had failed. One more hit, and the door had come swinging open. One pissed off entity behind him, the other in front of him, but all he could do was look at Cas. Look at that damn smile still plastered onto his face, the
The Doctor cracked a sly smile at Dean’s comment, pulling a clipboard off the end of Dean’s bed. “Sense of humor’s good, a good way to cope. But to be more specific Mr. Winchester, I need you to rate your pain on a scale from one to ten. One being mild discomfort and ten being the worst.”
There’s going to be times where Dean doesn’t want to look in our direction, times when he lashes out, and we’ll handle all that, okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean brushed Sam off. “Go. Really, go on the hunt. I’ll be fine here. Get some research done for once.”
Dean chuckled humourlessly, pushing down on his knees as he stood from the couch. “Yeah, Sam. I am.” Dean strolled into Sam’s kitchen, heading for the trash can.
Reluctantly, he scooped the cap back up and twisted it back into place. Dean placed the bottle and tumbler back in their usual resting places, staring mournfully at the closed door that contained them.
Sam grunts with the effort of placing his brother into a fireman’s hold, the extra weight making him stumble around as he gets to his feet, the adrenaline pumping through his body likely the only reason he’s still going.
“I think it was too late for him to care at that point,” Jack replied. “All that was left was to kill you, me, Sam, and Dean. You were… you were already gone at that point, and after Chuck killed the rest of us…”
Sam, meanwhile, was left feeling quite frustrated, constantly being placed into memories he is unable to recognize, at the same time feeling guilty for watching said memories, that he has no right to see.
Dean just barely managed to pull the side of his mouth into a smile, reaching out with his other hand and placing it over their combined ones. “Would probably fix a lot of our problems if we could, huh?”
“Alright! Geez… Anyway, Cassie booked a table at Gott’s roadside – great little burger place – reservation for two.”
to her about this document. Perhaps it was a bit odd to get so caught up on the thickness level of a piece of paper, but something about it was just… calling to her. Begging for her attention. She leans back against the headboard of the bed, holding the paper in front of her as her gaze drifts across the neatly printed words.
face on. The look before he goes into battle. The look that tries to hide what he’s really feeling, and Dean hopes that he can do something similar, because he’s not sure how much his face is going to give away before he’s ready to say. Maybe that’s a good thing…
Dean sings the next line the same time as Cas, listening to the way Cas trails off as his whole postures tightens and freezes, remaining like that for a moment before slowly turning to face Dean, file still in hand.
“It’s the least I can do,” Castiel tells him moments before a wave of blankness washes across his face, eyes going dead in that ‘looking but not seeing’ way. Well, Dean knew he was looking in more ways than just
Castiel pulled the coffee away from his lips with a pleased hum, licking the few dregs that had clung to his upper lip. “Did I mention I love you?”
Castiel’s gaze was drawn towards Jimmy’s hand gesturing towards the door in front of them, watching Castiel expectantly with a raised eyebrow. Castiel cast Jimmy one last look, praying quietly to himself that this
And I – I’m sorry it took me so long. I’m sorry it took me till now, till it might be too damn late to say it. Cas, I’m – I’m so sorry. I hope you can hear me…
“Hello, boys,” She greeted them brightly, eyes sliding over to Eileen who was – understandably – looking rather unsure. “
imagined, but… I’m glad to see you living out the life you set out for yourself. I know I wasn’t supportive of you when you first left for college, and I know it’s gonna be tough for you. But if you can go up against God and
“You’re not,” Sam insisted strongly, squeezing Dean’s arm tight. “Dean, you’re not. And I know you can do this, but that doesn’t mean you can’t accept my help.”
making him nervous. Was it the thought of all those people at the reception after? Was he worrying that there wasn’t enough space for everyone, not enough food? Would they even all show up?
washed his hair for the occasion. “Bet he even used the fancy shampoo…” Dean mumbled to himself.  Dean watched Sam exchange a few words with the waitress before she picked up an extra menu and gestured for Sam to follow her.
"Sam," Castiel calls out, startling Sam from what he was witnessing, looking over to the real Castiel, who had summoned yet another shimmer. "We need to move on."
“Probably why he sleeps on his front so much,” Sam jokes. The amused smile quickly drops off his face however, the concern for his brother that he was trying to ignore pushing to the front. “Do you think… with how much he’s sleeping, maybe it’s like… I don’t know, maybe an escape for him?”
“Listen to me,” Dean stresses the words, keeping his eyes locked with Cas. “You’re not just my best friend. You’re not just my brother. You’re all that and
That’s up to you, I suppose,” Castiel answered. “This isn’t like when I visited your dreams before. There’s nowhere else I can go but inside your head. If you don’t want me here, I suppose I could force myself into something close to a ‘sleep’.”
The doctor peeled back the sheets covering Dean, exposing his lower body to them. The doctor stepped down to the end of the bed, pressing a glove covered finger into the middle of the underside of Dean’s foot. “Can you feel this, Mr. Winchester?”
end up arguing about stuff all the time. At first it’s stuff like me staying up too late watching over the hunter phone line… you suggesting you join Sam and Eileen on a hunt – that one gets you sent to the dog house for a few nights.”
“It is for now, yes,” Castiel answers. “Dean and I… we are currently sharing possession of his body. To repeat Dean’s earlier words, Dean decided to ‘be a dumbass’-,”
“Hard parts on you boys now,” Rowena lets her hands slip away from their shoulders. “I assume you have your own vows?”
When Dean gathered himself enough to get over his initial embarrassment at his spectacular failure and resurface, he was met with a rare sound that never failed to pull a smile out of him. Cas was laughing.
The dam broke, the tension that had been steadily building between them forcing its way through to the front. Castiel’s hand wrapped around the back of Dean’s head, tangling themselves in the short strands of Dean’s soft hair and yanking him forward until their mouths slotted together. Dean’s hands found themselves winding up Castiel’s body until he reached the lapels of Cas’s trench coat, his fingers gripping tight until they were burrowed in the scratchy material, unconsciously yanking Castiel impossibly closer.
“So that the people of those Earth’s come back to the world they remember,” Jack turns away from the mountain view, facing Cas. “Don’t they deserve the same as the people on
“I’m so proud of you boys…” She utters softly to them, squeezing them tighter as she speaks. “After all the crap you’ve been put through… you deserve this.”
The shore was in sight, the water under his feet steadily turning to sand as the seabed came up to meet him. Dean pushed himself through the water, struggling through the waist high water as the wave got closer and closer… It was just as his feet met the dry sand of the beach that was out of the ocean’s reach that the wave crashed around him, able to jump just out of it’s area of impact to avoid being completely wiped out by the wave of vengeance.
“At the time, I realized I didn’t want to go through that again. Not because I would be mortal, susceptible to minor illnesses – and major – having to deal with that repeating cycle of hunger and thirst, keeping up with hygiene – all the things I wouldn’t have to think twice about as an angel. No, I would be perfectly fine with all those things. What I didn’t want to deal with again was the
I can also only hope that you actually enjoyed this ending. I kinda get the feeling some people won't? Which is fine, each to their own accord. All I can tell you is that I tried my best to write out an ending that feels right whilst linking into the canon finale, at least to me.
“I know, Dean.” Castiel interrupted gently. “You don’t have to tell me it again. I won’t forget that prayer.”
be okay too, Cas. Okay? Don’t choose to come up to Heaven and help me if you feel like it’s what’s right, or that you’re worried I’ll need you. I can do this, okay? I can.
Sergei stopped mid-sentence, eyes landing on Dean sat at the bottom of the stairs. A rather obnoxious grin stretched across the Shaman’s face that unsettled Dean, glaring up at the large man as he descended the stairs towards him with a tense-looking Sam in tow.
“Hello-?” Dean cuts himself off with a huff of laughter that sounded more like a sob of relief than anything, pulling Cas into him and grabbing hold of the trench-coat wrapped around him so tightly that it seemed moments away from ripping.
. And how many times would Castiel accept the defeat, let Dean walk away and calm down, to then treat it like it never even happened the next time they spoke.
“Got plenty of that,” Dean’s comment elicited quite the snort from Sam, who respectfully hid his laughter behind his sleeve.
It wasn’t until Castiel realized that Dean wasn’t laying in his usual spot on the bed that he moved closer. Dean wasn’t sat in the middle of his bed like he usually was, typically taking advantage of every inch of memory-foam that was available to him. This time, he had shifted over to the left side of the bed, leaving ample room next to him.
“That you’re not angry!” Dean throws his hands in the air, his voice rising in volume as his frustration takes over. “You should be
“Not to mention there’s going to be a strain on your mind with Cas possessing you,” Sam added. “We don’t know what the long-term effects are going to be – given the fact that it’s not your typical angel possession.”
Castiel’s honesty caught Dean off guard. Dean’s eyes met Cas’s briefly, finding nothing but the honesty his voice had displayed. Dean’s eyes dropped back down to his glass, letting out a breathy sigh before taking another sip of whiskey.
I kind of like being your property. Next time a cougar at the bar is being a little too overenthusiastic about taking me home with her I’ll just flash her the scar, I’m sure that’ll scare her right off – If you don’t smite her on the spot, that is.”
“In the trench-coat!” Dean blurts out rapidly, the words nearly incomprehensible in his haste to clarify what he meant. “Aren’t you sweating in that get-up? It’s gotta be at least ninety degrees-,”
“Shut up, bitch.” Dean shot back, barely resisting the urge to smack his little brother around the back of the head. “I don’t know if it was just me, or it was late or something, or… I don’t know. Just… It felt like the guy I messaged last night wasn’t the same guy I talked to yesterday. I only agreed to this whole date thing because… Shit, I don’t even know the answer to that, really. I thought maybe the guy acted different over the phone, y’know?”
“Wow…” Dean, the master of words and expert at flirting, finds this is the only word he can say to Cas as he steps up next to him. And yet, that one word succeeds in getting a lovely blush to spread across Cas’s face, much to his delight. “You, uh, wow – you look…”
Dean gulps nervously at the determination in Castiels voice, all his effort going into pushing his head as far back from Castiel, because Cas was
” The words spill out of his mouth without his permission, sounding as close to a whimper of pain that actual words possibly could.
Castiel chuckled quietly, looking down to the baby in his arms that was barely heavier than a bag of flour, eyelids drooping shut as he began to feel comfortable in Castiel’s hold. “He is right
Dean sits down on the edge of his bed with a heavy sigh, wincing as he pulled his boots off his sore feet and throwing them somewhere out of sight. He pushed himself further up the bed until his back hits the headboard, twisting around to grab the pillow behind him and place it behind his back. When he turns back to face the front, he has to stifle a bark of laughter at the sight of Cas sat uneasily on the chair by his desk, turned to face Dean with his hands in his lap.
“You saying this is the equivalent of an angel boner, Cas?” Dean jokes, getting an unimpressed look from Cas in response. “How’d you get them back? I thought you’d lost your wings?”
; Dean and Cas spent half the walk back to the bunker giggling at one another as they tripped over every loose branch, patch of thorns, sneaky exposed roots, and tree stumps hiding under the leaves.
“Sam…” Rowena said his name softly, stopping him from rambling on more. Dean hated that tone. He hated the unusual level of kindness coming from Rowena. Because he knows that’s the kind of tone you use in the hopes of softening the blow of what you’re about to say next.
And there it was. Those three words. And somehow his smile brightened even more for a moment, even when the tears kept coming; almost like it was a great relief to say it. Dean didn’t need to say anything in response, and he thinks Cas knew that, too. He wasn’t waiting with bated breath for Dean’s answer, there was no hope brewing behind his eyes. There was just happiness.
“Okay, so… we got the guest list mostly completed…” Sam said, tapping at the hastily written out list in front of him. “You still want Claire to be at the ceremony, Cas?”
The house was fixer-upper for sure and led to many an argument between them. But that was okay. They had gotten pretty good at recovering from arguments after all this time. No matter how big of a falling out, it was typically the very next day that one of them would have cooled off and be bringing some kind of peace offering (typically a slice of pie from that fantastic family-run bakery for Dean, and a jar of this organic, way too expensive but it makes him happy, honey for Cas).
“Me and Sam said the same thing about demons over ten years ago.” Dean pointed out firmly. “We found a way, didn’t we? Every being has its weakness, we just gotta find it.”
Out from the open front door steps Castiel. No longer donning his suit and trench coat, now instead clothed in a comfortable pair of jeans and a simple button-down shirt, leaning against the doorframe with his arms crossed, watching the two with a tender smile.
“What, suddenly your rabbit food and smoothies aren’t appetizing anymore?” Dean side-eyed his little brothers’ selections. “Finally giving into the dark side? Realizing the benefits of food that actually tastes good?”
“I… I think I may have gotten carried away,” Cas admitted, glancing around at the bodies that littered the floor. “I’m sorry if I startled you, Dean.”
Dean had begun to push himself up and off the bed when Castiel had placed a hand on his chest to stop him. Dean fell back onto the bed at Castiel’s gentle push, mouth open to ask Cas what he was doing. Castiel slid his other hand into the pocket of his trench coat, pulling out a tape of all things and holding it out to Dean, held between his index and middle finger. Dean’s eyes were immediately drawn to the white sticky tape placed on the side of the cassette; his own handwriting scribbled across in black sharpie.
“We were attacked-,” The excuse rolls easily off his tongue from years of experience. “-Bunch of guys in masks broke into our barn. My brother tried to fight them off, but they shoved him into one of the beams. It… there was a rebar sticking out and he landed on it. I… I think it went right through.”
Cas’s smile grew warmer and warmer the more Dean spoke, ducking his head as Dean’s tone became more and more hopeful. “That… sounds nice.”
Pamela’s pearls of laughter broke through Castiel’s embarrassed stammers. “Relax, angel. You gave me fair warning, but I kept poking.” Pamela leaned past Bobby, sticking out a hand for Castiel to shake. “Nice to finally get a good look at ‘ya without seeing nothing but burning white light. Gotta say… I get why Dean wants to tap that.”
. I'm always so goddamn aware of it, simmering away in the back of my head. I didn't truly let myself
Dean slowly lifts his gaze back up to Memory Castiels. Their eyes meet and, seeing no dishonesty in the angel's eyes, Dean gives a small nod of his head. Memory Castiel gives him a small smile, the corner of his lips barely twitching upwards before he's reaching out a hand and placing it on Dean's shoulder.
Castiel all but fell backward into the seats of the Impala, grunting softly as his back met the leather seats. Dean followed eagerly, climbing into the Impala with him. He scrambled up, his knees straddling Cas’s sides as he twisted his body round to yank the door closed. The overhead light that had switched on upon the door opening had faded away, and even in the dark of night, Dean could see the pearly whites of Cas’s teeth as he grinned up at him. Dean leaned over, resting his body against Cas until they were lined up hip to hip and covering Cas’s grin with his mouth. Castiel lifted his head to chase Dean’s lips, jolting as he felt the tip of Dean’s tongue slide across his bottom lip, leaving a thin trail of saliva as he went.
“I wasn’t going to say that,” Ellen said. “You were… starting to come into yourself a little more. Dean was starting to bring you out of whatever shell angel life had forced you into, and we were only just starting to get to know you. Then… well, the Hell Hounds happened, and then ten years later I can barely recognize the angel I once met.”
It seems to take an eternity for the doors to fully swing open. His eyes shoot up to the walls, rapidly scanning across the fading sigils that defiantly remained painted across. They had covered every square inch of the place in every protective sigil they knew. It hadn’t done a thing. They didn’t know of the creature that was going to walk through those doors.
“There's a chance,” Rowena's answer doesn’t make him feel any better. “But you want my honest opinion? Make sure you say all you need to before the spell. Don’t leave regrets.”
The first sight he sees is the sky; Rich blue in color that he’s sure no type of man-made paint would ever be able to match in even the most magnificent of paintings, dotted with beautifully crafted pillow-like clouds which floated lazily over his head. The gentle warmth of the sun above kissed his skin; not that searing heat that has your skin feeling raw and tight, but that perfectly comfortable temperature that can only be made better by – oh, and there it was: a gentle warm breeze that was cool enough to take off the edge of the sun’s rays, but also warm enough that it doesn’t leave him shivering under his trench-coat.
Sam only rolls his eyes at him in response, crossing his arms across his chest as he does so. “Says the guy who knew Cas for
and then Dean’s mind all but short-circuits when it registers Castiel’s chapped lips pressed against his. It didn’t last very long – or maybe it did, Dean might have blacked out for a bit – but it was long enough that Dean couldn’t brush this off as a funny case of ‘
“That’s not what I mean,” Castiel cut Dean’s ramblings off. “You said it yourself; you’re not planning on staying here for too long. I don’t know what you think is going to happen here, but… I’m not one to ‘hit it and quit it’, as people say.”
Castiel nodded again, looking somewhat reassured, but the sting of disappointment lingered. “And I thought my family is complicated.”
to know what you’re saying about me…” Dean couldn’t take the pain in Cas’s expression anymore, glancing down to see his own reflection looking back at him in the blue water. “Especially if
Dean couldn’t help it. He laughs, though it sounds about as humorless as he was feeling right now. “No, Cas. I’m not. But… are you… did you hear my
“Um… I suppose I should-,” Cas begins, taking the flower out from his pocket and motioning towards the bunker hallway.
“Few years ago, now,” Sam answered, soft smile still lingering on his face. “This was, uh… this was not long after we got Cas back. Dean realized we don’t have any photos of Cas, so… yeah.”
Jack nodded. “Chuck had already killed everyone on Earth. He just… didn’t care anymore. When the Empty made the same threat to me, I just…”
Dean doesn’t focus on his brother’s snarky comments. Instead, he takes in the genuine look of disbelief on Cas’s face, which in of itself is kind of painful to know – Dean decides then and there to make sure he constantly reminds Cas of how he feels for him as often as he can, for the rest of their damn lives. It’s not until Dean reaches out and brushes his fingers against the back of Cas’s hand that he seems to snap back into himself, finding his fingers instinctively twitching towards Dean’s, wanting to intertwine them and never let go.
And then, just before he goes… Castiel’s gaze fixates on one person. He only has eyes for his husband by his side, staring into emerald green eyes that remained as young as the Dean Winchester he fell in love with. Dean’s brittle fingers were intertwined with Cas’s as he struggled through his last breaths, squeezing Cas’s hand as tightly as his old bones would let him.
myself feel it, in telling you, in telling myself… that was my own form of happiness. It wasn’t in knowing you felt the same way, it wasn’t that I needed you to say it back… I said it because I needed you to know.”
Castiel practically shrinks into his seat at Pamela’s words, wincing at the memories that flooded back. “Ah, yes, that… um…”
more words on the subject of John Winchester and his treatment of his kids, but wisely kept them quiet for now. “What about once you settled down in the bunker? You could have then?”
Cas passes away peacefully one late evening that same November, propped up in a comfortable hospital bed, surrounded by those who love him. There’s no fear in his eyes as goes, no overwhelming panic that has him tugging out the cannula in his nose, no pain – the drugs the doctors had pumping into him through his IV line made sure of that. He just smiles up at them with tired eyes as a frazzled, gray-haired Sam Winchester keeps a hand on his best friends’ arm, the other wrapped around a similarly frail-looking Eileen and their not so young son, anymore.
“Oh, I nearly forgot introductions! Cas, you haven’t even met my family yet…” Garth unbound them from their hug so quickly that both Dean and Cas nearly fell over. Garth stepped to the side, calling over the rest of his family who had been patiently watching them nearby.
Claire stubbornly fights back the burning tears in her eyes at the watery smile Castiel gives her, always taken aback to see the once stoic and hard-ass angel showing such raw emotion.
"Cas, where the hell–" Dean begins to ask, trailing off as he takes in the familiar building Cas had dropped them into. "Wait a minute, is this...?"
The file – though, it was more of a folder – was made from thick parchment paper and had been written up by a typewriter. Much to Dean’s excitement, within the folder was a reel of film that was labeled with the same title as the file.
at the lure. He must have been holding something in his hands - what exactly that is, Dean can’t see from here – as he can tell from Cas’s hunched posture that this mysterious object must be whatever had won Cas’s attention over his bait being taken.
Cas’s calloused hand rests over Dean’s, thumb gently sweeping over his wrist. There’s a sadness and regret to Cas’s gaze, but a comforting smile curled onto his lips. “When I took that deal… a part of me never expected for it to be claimed. I thought the Empty had made some colossal mistake on its part, because… I couldn’t envision a scenario where I’d be happy. A scenario where we beat God and we made it out alive. But then I wondered… I wondered how much the Empty
“You don’t like grape jelly and peanut butter sandwiches?” Castiel sounded as if the thought of such a thing was a crime.
different from the other angels, and over the years his time down on Earth along with Sam's and his influence had made him... well, more
This time? This time, with Eileen looking at him like she can already smell the bullshit lie he’s about to say, and with Cas staying suspiciously quiet in his head – listening in more like – he decides…
“…Because I haven’t?” Cas eyed Dean’s hand suspiciously, hand twitching by his side as he resisted the urge to reach out and take it.
news. “Your stitch work is partly to thank for that, Mr. Winchester. Dean’s blood loss was extreme, to say the least, but he wouldn’t have even made it to the hospital without your intervention. The surgeons were
“We just… We noticed you’ve been sleeping more than usual,” Sam began timidly, knowing this is going to be a touchy subject with Dean. “It’s, well… it’s not like you. And I usually wouldn’t say anything about it, but… what with your injury and all…”
“It’s okay,” Castiel assured him, nothing but sincerity in his voice. “I did what I did because I knew our best chance at defeating Chuck was with
He had only just settled into the chair when there was a light rap of knocks on his bedroom door. He looks up to see Sam poking his head through the gap he cracked open in the door, eyes briefly scanning across the room before landing on Dean.
The corner of Cas’s lips twitched up just the slightest. “I think the rules can be… bent, for such an occasion.”
Out of all the friends I’ve lost over the years… losing you made me into an entirely different person – and I didn’t like that man one bit. ‘Course, I just chalked it up to you being my best friend, but… I should have known better. I know what a broken heart feels like.
Dean snatched the cup back from Sam with a glare, holding it close to his chest. “Not everyone likes being ‘direct’ when they’re interested in someone, Sammy. Obviously, Cas doesn’t either.” Dean walked over to the kitchen counter where Sam had placed his cup down upon entering the apartment, picking it up and waving it in Sam’s face. “Besides, it just sounds likes
"This is precisely why I didn't want to tell you" Castiel says, softening his voice after Dean's rant.
Praying was… not too common of a thing for her. Having been raised in the hunter life ever since she can remember, fueled by the reminder of her parent’s and the creature that killed them – and had left her unable to hear - the thought of there being a God out there seemed unbelievable. Ridiculous, even. How could a God leave the Earth in such a state? How could a God let his creation be tainted by such vicious creatures, hunting down his children in the night, a stain on the beautiful world he had created? Of course, now she knows that God got a kick out of that kind of stuff…
Sam barked out a laugh, shaking his head fondly and turning to walk further into the bunker. “Are you calling Cas a stray?”
Castiel pushed himself off of Dean, holding out a hand to pull Dean up. Dean took his hand, letting Cas pull him up until they were both sat on the glass-covered floor of the barn, smiling at each other in the candlelight like the two idiots in love they were. “You’re a fool if you think I would have any other answer than ‘yes,’ Dean Winchester.”
"With trial and error, unfortunately," Castiel tells him, also glancing around at their surroundings. Suddenly, Castiel places a hand outstretched in the air, holding it there for a moment and furrowing his face in concentration.
” Dean exclaims as the memory floods back; the two of them sat what felt like miles apart in Rowen’s throne room, unable to even look at one another as they received what – if Dean’s being honest with himself – was a much-needed counseling session from the
“I’m sorry,” Castiel is the first to apologize. “I thought… perhaps it would be a kindness, to not tell you. To let your last memories of me be… of us ‘messing about in your dumb dreams’… I didn’t want you to worry.”
way. That’s not to say the apartment is a huge step up from the usual dumps he and Sammy used to stay in when on the road, but still. It’s
“Gabriel fought me on that. Said I should be looking for work in my field. I wouldn’t have it. I helped him find a little run down, abandoned cake shop in the center of town. We bought some paints and some furniture, some equipment, and the rights to the building. Gabriel decided on the theme.
Castiel took the hot beverage eagerly, not even bothering to check its temperature before taking a hearty swig of the dark, rich drink.
“Oh, I know he doesn’t. Could you do me a favor, then? I need you to tell Big Dean that I’m not going
my lungs getting caked in the cigarette ash that coated that room" Dean replies, cringing at the memory of simply
in peril. How many times had they sacrificed themselves for the world, only to put one of them in danger? And, similarly, how many times had they sacrificed themselves for someone they loved, only to screw up the world? It was like a roundabout circus they could never escape from.
Dean nearly spat out his mouthful of coffee, frantically shoving his flannel sleeve back to check the time on his watch. Yep, just as Sam had said, his watch blinked back the numbers ’12:23’ at him in bright white lettering. “Huh… would you look at that…”
“I was gonna tell you now, Cas. I was gonna scream and shout at you for not telling me about the deal earlier, that we would have gotten you out of it if we’d known. I’m not gonna do that, Cas. There’s only one thing I need to tell you.”
“So, what’s in this drink I’m ordering?” Dean asked as Castiel poked away at the screen of his cash register. “A crap ton of whipped cream? Five shots of some kind of caramel syrup thingy?”
Castiel frowned at that, the confusion clear on his face. “I thought that was the whole reason you were doing this… that you’ve accepted my fate?”
Why did Cas want to go with him? He hadn’t really taken the time after. Mom… Mom was back, and Sammy was in danger, another mess to sort out. Then when he had him back, when Mom was in his life one more and Cas had thrown himself at him, arms wrapped tight around his shoulders as he exclaimed his name in disbelief, no
Dean smiled at that, looking away from the stillness of the lake to his husband. “We’ve got a lot of time for that, Cas. Besides, I wanna start enjoying Step Four.”
A quick visit later to Target, Sam came running back into the bunker with a bunch of small lanterns, mini candles, and some wire. Sam made quick work of setting up the lanterns, looping the wire around the low hanging branches of the surrounding trees and creating a trail of what would become twinkling lights above their heads during the ceremony once the candles were lit.
him. He was our brother, how could we not? But Michael believed in rules, and back then, so did I. Dad told Michael to get Lucifer out of his house, and… That’s exactly what he did.”
“Dean,” Castiel answered in a hoarse whisper, and the knowing look on Jack’s face grew all the more stronger. “What I want… it’s always been Dean.”
Dean could tell the moment Castiel picked up on the movement. He could feel Cas go taut above him, muscles tightening as he freezes up. Cas’s Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat as he swallowed nervously, mirroring Dean as his eyes switched between the forest trapped within Dean’s eyes and Dean’s parted, wetted lips.
And yet, as Dean reached for the handle of the door, his finger stilled. The door had been kept shut for a reason. After… after what happened, he had never intended to open this door again. No matter what, it was
The second his fingers brush against the pink scar, a sensation like electricity shoots around his body. It even startles Cas, who
Dean resumed his playing, the gentle tune of the guitar helping to soothe the tension brought on by the mention of John. “There was this girl there… her name was Robin. She came round every now and then to give guitar lessons. I, uh… I was kind of infatuated with her…”
Eileen shoves the piece of paper into Sam’s hands, who still looked a tad bit disorientated about the sudden change of events. “Go ahead, read it!”
“Actually, Cas was giving me tips on the way I can run over both your feet with my chair and make it seem like an accident.”
“You know, one day you and Cas are going to have to tell me the whole story. How Castiel went from an angel of the lord, to an acquaintance, then to your best friend.”
“-And I’m telling you you’re wrong,” Castiel stepped forward once more, somehow appearing more intimidating when John was the one who stood taller than him. “There is no
Either way, the sight of the angel blade sliding out of Memory Cas's sleeve and into his hand is enough for Sam's heart to jump into his throat.
“And he’s got it…” Dean glanced up at Cas, surprised to see the deep red color that had spread across Cas’s face. “Wha – Really, Cas? Talking about sex still gets you all flustered?”
It was downright crazy to Dean how much had changed in such a short amount of time. Not too long ago, he was right here with Cas, doing this exact same thing. It was just as heart-skippingly nerve-wracking as it was the last time, but now… now they were a hair-width away from being chest to chest, swaying together on the spot to the calming music as opposed to the more spacious, somewhat awkward half-step dance as before.
Eileen’s answers were only raising more questions. He had taken Eileen’s phone with him after they had found it. It
“Dean Winchester!” Sergei bellowed halfway down the stairs; arms outstretched either side of him in greeting. “I do not believe we ever had the pleasure of meeting.”
“It’s where we got thrown off. Bodies were showing up around the same time, but some of them seemed to have knife wounds – not your usual weapon of choice for a vengeful spirit. Turns out that the guy’s wife made a
The silence they found themselves in was comfortable. Familiar. The beer in Dean’s hand was getting warmer, and while he knew he could cool it down again simply with a thought, he finds he rather prefers it this way.
Dean spat the command at him with such venom, such disgust, lips snarling as if he was struggling to keep back what he really wanted to say.
“So, uh… anyway… guess having more control of my dreams is kind of like… a second life, huh?” Dean thought out loud, eager to change the subject. “You can’t usually tell when you’re dreaming, right?”
“Are you sure?” Castiel asks apprehensively. The second Dean starts to feel Cas trying to tug his wrist out of Dean’s grasp, Dean rubs his thumb softly over the surface of his skin. Cas hand immediately relaxes once more, a shudder running through his body as Dean’s thumb swipes across the pulse point on his wrist.
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked with a smile. “The last time I picked something for you, it ended in disaster.”
There was no need to worry, of course. Sam was being looked after by a damn angel, and one quick burst of angel mojo later meant that Sam was nearly good as new. But, funnily enough, this was when he noticed another ‘little thing’. Stood opposite them in the bunker’s kitchen, trying not to overcrowd Sam like the mother hen he is, he suddenly took notice to the way Cas healed Sam. A hand hovering over his head, a burst of white light-emitting from his palm and shining across Sammy’s face as Cas moves his hand over like a magical pain eraser. Bam, just like that, the clarity and focus came back into Sam’s eyes, and it’s like he was never thrown into a brick wall at high speeds.
That had been the case, for the past 12 hours or so. Nothing but him, Baby, and John's cassette tapes blasting away old rock as they amble down the country's road towards Kansas. Towards home.
Dean’s gaze drops down to Castiel’s chest. There was…nothing. No movement, no steady rise and fall as Cas takes in his first breaths in a new, yet familiar, vessel.
“Hey,” Charlie stops him from going too far into such thoughts. “You can’t get caught up on that kind of stuff, okay? Trust me, it does you no good. Just… go around, say ‘Hi’ to everyone, catch up with all these guys and… try to enjoy your ticket into Heaven, huh?”
“Nothing,” Dean answered immediately, which of course meant that it wasn’t ‘nothing’. After a few seconds of disbelieving stares from Cas, he sighed and placed his phone down on the table, rubbing a hand across his face. “Sam and Eileen went out on a hunt.”
Dean’s words froze in his throat, reluctant to leave his lips. There was something about the fact that he was saying it to
"Yeah, I do. So that... I don't know, maybe I can help pull him out of it? I just... I can't sit here and do nothing while Dean's
"Bullshit" Cas spits at him, and the use of the foul language is enough to take Dean by surprise, knocking out any thoughts of leaving.
fix his legs. And then maybe Dean will be stupid and keep hunting despite the clear wake-up call, and Cas will tag along even though he’s pissed at him for carrying on because he’ll always feel the need to watch over him.
He doesn’t want to hear Cas telling him the things others have tried to. He doesn’t want to hear him telling him what he
this bar. Michael did. It exists as a memory within your mind – which you were able to entice your mind into recreating for your dream. That’s the part that’s impressive.”
Castiel exhaled sharply, stepping further into the room and letting the heavy door swing shut behind him. “It feels a little bit too much like déjà vu for me. One last hunt… another vampire nest…”
“Okay…” Claire butt in before Jody could scold Sam for dabbling in witchcraft. “So… where’s Jack and Cas? Could they not make it…?”
“Trying to do what?” Castiel grumbles under his breath, pulling apart the rod pieces a little harsher than he intended.
to move, and there was no way in hell that was happening. Not when the guy looked so damn comfortable and, in Dean’s own personal opinion, adorable as all hell as he splayed himself out on Dean’s chest. The most movement Dean gave was to reach as far as he could stretch to snatch Cas’s trench-coat from over the front seat, flicking it in the air to open it up and placing it across their nude bodies. Sure, they were in the middle of
Castiel swallowed harshly, that partly terrified look still on his face that Dean remembers seeing the day he took him to that brothel. Except, this time, Cas was resting his hand in Dean’s, not some random chick that would be throwing stuff at Cas’s head less than a minute later. Cas’s hand was calloused like Dean’s, both of their skin marked by scars and roughened by years of wielding weapons. The warmth of Cas’s hand bled into his skin, his grip around Dean’s hand tight with nerves, thumb resting lightly over Dean’s pulse point. It was strange that, even in his dream, Dean’s heart was pounding hard in his chest like it would if this was really happening – which Cas definitely had to feel from his pulse in the unlikely event he couldn’t
“And it nearly killed you!” Castiel spat out. “We might not even need that much of my grace for the spell. Sam, it is
“It was a bit more complicated than that, but…” Jack seems almost frustrated for a moment – not at Castiel, no, but at Chuck's design of Heaven. “Heaven is
“It’s good to hear you had some good memories of your father,” Castiel found his gaze wandering back to the window next to him, watching the sparsely placed houses zoom past. “Thank you for offering me a ride home, Dean. It’s much nicer than sitting awkwardly in a taxi for a good twenty minutes.”
“It’s hard to when it comes to something this unknown…” Sam stops in his sentence as Dean finishes up his goodbyes, quickly planting a smile on his face when Dean turns to face them. “Hey, do you wanna stop by a diner on the way home or-,”
to be admitting this. He was practically hunched over himself, staring down intensely at the glass between his hands, ignoring Dean’s burning gaze on him.
“No. This is your dream, remember? Your mind's unconscious state. I can manipulate your dreams in any way I choose.”
“As it turns out…” Castiel continued, though he was still somewhat glaring at Dean as he spoke. “Gabriel fell in love with his work. During my time at college, he realized that it was what he wanted to do for the rest of his life. Except, he wanted to be the owner of his
on Dean and Bobby’s face as he approached, not even caring about the shotgun slugs that filled his chest; the genuine amusement he felt as this man, the man that was labeled ‘righteous’, the one that would help lead Earth into paradise under God’s command… had just stabbed an
that had the functioning parts of his body recoiling, face scrunching in discomfort that got Sam and Eileen on high alert.
Castiel shouldn’t have to grace such a stupid question with an answer, but he does. “More than you could ever know. And I’ll never
Life was good. Better than good, actually. Especially when, if you asked twenty year old Dean where he thought he’d be twenty years on, his answer would be “as a pile of ashes for the past twenty years.”
“And fun is… doing incredibly stupid and dangerous activities in an environment the human body was not deigned for?”
How could he explain this to Cas? While it was true that they had already been discussing a topic heavier than your usual first date conversation, what he was about to say was something he didn’t tell just
“Ask her,” Dean replies, jabbing a thumb behind him towards Eileen. “Your girlfriend started banging on my door at ass o’clock in the morning and took me for a joyride…”
Sam raised his glass once more, this time in their direction, fighting back tears at the misty-eyed looks he got from both Dean and Cas. “To Dean and Castiel Winchester!”
to him, drawing him in towards the angel, finding himself mere inches away from him in the blink of an eye.
“Especially because he was dead…” Dean answered softly, his answer only serving to throw Sergei off even more. “Anyway, next thing I know, there’s a portal opening up in front of me. Cas stepped through; this big mess of…
“Funnily enough, I’m aware of that. But this is as close to ‘normal’ as we’re going to get. It’s the
“How cruel of you,” Castiel mumbled, craning his head back to take a look at the canopy of stars above them, only just starting to become visible as the sky continues to darken. “Why
There. He got them out. Cas glanced up from the table at him, eyebrows furrowing until they were slanted towards the center. “What’s the same?”
“Sounds boring,” Dean noted, leaning back and crossing his feet atop the chipped coffee table in front of them. “I'd rather you drop in on me, Cas. Ruin a few nightmares my pain in the ass brain has planned for me. And, uh…”
simple about you Dean Winchester,” Castiel takes a moment to break away from his lips to growl at him. “Only
“It was… a messy situation,” Mary adds in. “It’s not like all is suddenly forgiven. When our boys get up here, it’ll…” Mary paused, casting John a look that had him averting his gaze – probably the one person in his life that could get him to do that. “Some wounds will take time to heal. And some of those scars will
Doctor Sullivan gave him a small smile in response, bobbing his head at Dean in acknowledgment. “It’s what I’m here for. Oh, and thank
He’s blaming himself. And he knows that something that Cas wouldn’t want him doing, but he can’t help it. Because it’s not just Cas that loses his life, but Dean, too. Maybe not in the traditional way. Maybe his heart will continue beating in his chest, his soul will still shine in his body, but a part of him will go with Cas. The part of him that found a new type of joy in life.
It still wasn't enough. Things were never clear when it came to Dean, and it was all too easy for Castiel to be jumping to conclusions about what Dean is trying to say, even when the meaning seems clear.
Flashes of bright white light appear outside the closed door to the torture room they were in, and all three remain frozen, listening intently as heavy footsteps make their way towards the door,
Charlie is beaming up at him just as brightly as the first time they had met, giving Cas an enthusiastic punch to the shoulder that was, honestly, borderline painful. “It’s good to see you, dude! Well, not good in the way that you’re
could convince you you’re not in that place,” The man places a hand on his own chest as he speaks. “But there
“Okay Sir, I have a unit of officers and an ambulance already on the way to you, okay? I need you to stay with the children for me, the officers will need to take a statement for you when they-,”
Dean stared down at the bottle in his hands, his mind incessantly reminding him that Castiel’s lips had been wrapped around its neck, just as his also had moments beforehand. “Uh, no, it uh… Wasn’t just the concussion - - wait… ‘best to wait to do anything?’ But you haven’t done anything-,”
Footsteps. Pounding footsteps, bouncing off the bunkers hallways. Someone was screaming his name, but the sound was muted, like he was underwater. The panic in the person's voice tugs at something inside of him, something that’s yelling at him to get his ass up from the floor and get shit done.
“How long have you known?” Dean was pretty sure he didn’t even want to know the answer to this question. Mostly because…
The world around him flares white. Dean closes his eyes reflexively against the blinding light and then…
"It's okay," Sam comforts the pained looking angel, making his way over to his side. "Come on. Let's go find Dean."
Dean chuckles around the lip of the beer bottle. “Looked like an idiot talking to myself in Baby, I guess.”
The rain continued to pour down on them, the flimsy roof of the barn proving next to no cover from the storm Castiel had created out of thin air. Dean pulled away from Castiels embrace slightly to peer up at the roof, wincing as the droplets of water fall into his eyes.
The very second Dean had done such a fearless but utterly foolish move… Castiel knew he would like the stubborn human stood before him.
” Sam asks in pure disbelief once Jack pries himself away from the two. “You’re more like Cas than I thought…
“Because…” Cas paused, eyes dropping to the ground. “There’s still pain in your memories… pain that your sleeping mind can recreate in your dreams. I didn’t… I
Dean opened his mouth to argue, but sighed instead, taking a seat on the back of Sam’s sofa (how many times is he going to have to tell Dean to stop
“Well, after Sammy decided he wanted to give college another shot, and after you and Jack, it was… the bunker was too empty. Too quiet. Too many memories, I guess. And it’s not like I was gonna be hunting like I used to without Sammy…”
“Uh…” Yep, good answer, Dean. You definitely aren’t letting Cas be on top here or anything like that. “…Coz it’d be hilarious?”
the Impala – the old license plate is proof of that. But it’s still his baby. Besides, he’s sure Sammy’s taking good care of the
Thunder booms from ahead, and the two of them look up the sound at the same time Dean does. The thunder fades away, and for a moment, it seems that nothing else would happen. Then, a ringing sound fills the air, and the screams get louder.
The sun had mostly set now, nothing more than a light shading of reds and oranges keeping the inky blackness of night from taking over the whole sky. It was California so naturally, it was still much too warm for night but was at least a more bearable temperature than it was during the day. By that, Dean means he can walk around in his leather jacket without feeling like the inside is drenched in sweat.
Castiel visibly relaxed as the blade dropped away from his neck, giving Sam a firm nod in response. Sam stood agape for a few more seconds before throwing himself forward, wrapping an arm around the back of his neck and pulling Cas into an awkwardly angled hug. Sam knew it was definitely Cas when Dean’s hands come to rest at his back, giving Sam a few clumsy pats before committing to the hug and squeezing Sam closer.
From the outside, it was probably the most awkward-looking dance in existence. They didn’t sweep each other across the floor with the graceful movements of a professional. It was more of a… stumbling step and shuffle, a few winces occasionally shared between them as they inevitably stepped on each other's toes.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean cuts him off with a wave of his hand. His tongue darts out to wet his upper lip, a nervous gesture he could never quite hide. “I just… I feel like you should hear it
“And he says he’s not good with words…” Sam leans down to whisper to Jack, perhaps a little more misty-eyed than he thought he’d be.
Dean’s eyes flicked from the road to Cas’s face, his heart hammering against his ribcage as he awaited Castiel’s reaction. Dean may believe himself to be a man that most swooned over, but he’d be lying to himself if he said he was able to say such a thing to Cas in the full confidence it would work. Hell, Dean wasn’t even much of a date kind of guy. But this was
“I fully expect you to,” John replied. “As I was saying - you must be the guy who’s been looking after my boys?”
“Eh, what can I say,” Dean said with a shrug of his shoulders, glancing back at Doctor Sullivan with a grin. “Guess I’ve got an angel watching over me.”
, all he knows is that he wants his best friend back. He wants for everything to be fixed, for Cas to be shoved back into his body and then… they can go from there. Hell, maybe they
“Hmm… Ah, that makes sense… perhaps a bit risky using angel's grace, but… the human blood should help to temper the grace’s volatile power…”
“Oh-“ Dean picked up the menu on his table in a fluster, eyes rapidly scanning over the tiny writing. Goddamit California with your too many options… “I’ll just have a bottle of whatever local beer you have and as for food, uh… Cas? You wanna save me here?”
The Latin drops off Sam’s tongue like it was his first language. The match drops along with his last word, the dry ingredients within the bowl setting aflame at the slightest contact with the match, shooting out a tall flame that had Sam stepping back from the bowl at the wave of heat that came with it.
