“You too.”
****more physical violence. In fact, it just gets worse from here to the end of the story, so please be forewarned regarding triggers for both physical and sexual violence.****
“Oh dear,” clicks Mrs. Hudson as John enters the sitting room.
“It was just a suggestion,” John said. “I’m sure Rosie will fix us a plate.”
Her tone brought him to his senses. “No m’lady,” he said, his voice choked. He bowed slightly and then turned and walked out the door.
“John,” he groaned. “Oh dios, oh my god, oh, oh, OH!” He shouted, his legs tightening around John like a python. His whole body shuddered and writhed. John held him close and squeezed his prick as he released, stroking him until the last bit of sweet come left his beautiful body.
William headed towards the bedroom and had his hand on the doorknob when John growled behind him.
Sherlock nodded again.
The bow flies over the strings as plopping sounds of nimble digits over the fingerboard become wilder and wilder. Sherlock struggles, and with each passing moment falls further behind the impossible pace Brook has set with his claps.
Mycroft and Roberts turned, surprised, and followed Sherlock out into the hallway.
Wiggins pulled out his flask and took a sip, then handed it to Sherlock. “Supposedly they met in Munich, been friends for years, but Carl didn’t have a clue who Brook was. Said he’d never seen him before in his life.”
“It was dreadful at the time” said Sherlock thoughtfully. “But as our relationship unravelled I began to see that Victor had chosen to lie. I could see the pain it caused him, being unable to face who he was, forcing himself to fit in. I’ve never regretted being with him, because he helped me define who I wanted to be and the kind of life I was willing to live.”
“No, I mean it.”
“Whatever happens, John, I'm here. I'll always be here.”
Sherlock heard himself whimper as John kissed him, his partner delicately parting his lips with a gentle tongue. He reveled in the sensation of John’s hand slipping up his back and gently rubbing his neck, then fingering his dark curls. Sherlock sighed and squirmed in the young man’s arms, kissing him back and holding on to him tightly.
The payoff.
Peter’s eyes filled with sorrow as he looked down at the good doctor.
“Prepared for what, William?”
“Thank you. You. Next.”
John shifted so he laid face to face with the Spaniard. He stroked his stubbled jawline with his forefinger.
“I don’t know too many footmen who use a cane,” replied Anderson snidely.
He pushed Sherlock's legs apart, held him by the waist and continued to fuck him, this time shallow and quick, a steady slap of thighs echoing in the shower. Sherlock realized with his thrusts John was brushing that sweet spot inside of him, and his soft cock began to fill out until it was bobbing wildly against his thighs and abdomen as John continued to fuck him into the wall.
“Do you miss London?”
Brooks moved on to the 2nd trumpet player. “Next. One-two--” he said.
He could feel Mycroft looking at him, but he couldn’t bring himself to look back.
Sherlock picked up the torch and followed John into the original passage when he froze. He cocked his head, listening.
He smiled and looked up at John, who was staring back at him with wide eyes.
John groaned at the contact.  His entire body felt as if it were on fire. He dropped the wine bottle and wrapped around Felipe’s thick neck with both hands, deepening the kiss.
William melted into the man, as if he wished to disappear inside of him.
John nodded his head. “Yes.”
“Don’t,” Sherlock whispered, a fresh set of tears flowing from the sides of his eyes. “I don’t deserve it.”
“No -- ready?” The maestro stepped off the podium, clapping wildly.
The young man crawled up the final stretch of the hill and fell forward, his hands on his knees, catching his breath.
*******
John hadn't even thought as to where he would go, but Mr Frank's kindness made him immediately thankful.
Sherlock eased himself onto him again, the penetration still uncomfortable, his body hunched forward a bit as his fingers gripped John’s wrists.
John pushed Felipe onto his back and straddled his supple thighs. He held the solid, thick length behind him and pressed, easing it inside his willing body.
“When are you to meet your barrister?”
Felipe turned at looked him with eyes full of exhaustion. “Nothing,” he said, trying to smile but failing. “Just tired is all.”
Sherlock’s hand rubbed though the silk along his waist. The sensation made John pull back, breaking the kiss.
No, John knew deep down he was angry because William made him remember a life he’d cherished with a man he’d loved in a city he’d conquered. Sherlock the man was dead, but Baker Street lived. The rush of the chase, the adrenaline that came with the underbelly of London, was not unlike a drug for the doctor. Underneath the veneer of stoicism, his brain still cried out for excitement, his blood boiled for something other than the mundane. What if William wanted to pursue the profession of his former self? He had the faculties. The temptation to even daydream about the possibility was overwhelming.
“Where were you stationed?” John inquired.
Sherlock, mortified, quickly wiped his cheeks with the back of his hand.
“Stop!” Brook again commanded. “Now this one upsets me. We have an out-of tune player. Before I go any further, does that player want to do the right thing and reveal himself?
“Nope,” he answered, accidentally flashing the torch’s light directly in Sherlock’s eyes. “I closed it halfway and propped it open with a rock. That’s as closed as it’s gonna get.”
The dark-haired man seemed amused at first, then realized Sherlock was not joking. "Excuse me, but I just offered to buy you a drink."
The orchestra was large and the players hyperfocused. Sherlock caught a glimpse of Victor in the front row, his violin resting on his knee as he awaited his cue. His eyes searched for Wiggins, but from that angle he could only see half of the brass section.
The young surgeon continued to ignore him.
The men shuffled inside and ordered the special, roasted lamb and potatoes. John went ahead and ordered for William, whom he assumed would show at any moment. It wasn’t like the man to be late, but it was only half-past the hour.
"I don't know you."
William sat down his tea cup and walked over to the large binder he’d placed back on the bookshelf some weeks before. He flipped through the pages and began to read aloud:
“You, violin. Come here,” Brook commanded.
“Please, I -,” John begged.
Brook blinked. “I may have underestimated you, Sherlock.” He walked behind him and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s back. “You’re so tense. Here, let me help,” he purred. His fingers delicately plucked apart the buttons on his shirt.
John sucked and licked him generously all over, until he removed his fingers to bury his tongue deep inside of him instead. Sherlock whimpered and gasped and lost his breath as his arms scrambled up to grip the headboard behind him. John lazily tasted him over and over again with a flat, pink tongue. His palms gently cupped his bottom.
“Maybe traveling to Alnwick isn’t so bad an idea after all,” John said, catching his breath.
The mist peppered the two men’s faces as they took in the giant spectacle. The falls themselves were majestic, the water plummeting off the jagged rocks into a swirling, foaming whirlpool below. The mere thought of taking a plummet off the side made John dizzy with terror.
Brook bounded up to him in a beastlike manner, his veins set to burst.
It was easy at first, keeping the promise that the two men had made to each other back in Land’s End. Alternating visits back and forth between Edinburgh and Alnwick proved to be too exhausting for John, so Sherlock often stayed in the spacious flat the family now owned near the hospital (real estate was always a prudent investment, according to the Earl). Both men were careful, however: the housekeeper’s appearances were scheduled instead of live-in, and if Sherlock were to arrive and leave during daylight hours he always used the back door. If John’s schedule permitted, they’d eat a cold supper together in the tiny kitchen and then move to the sitting room to sit by the fire. Sherlock smoked a pipe, finding it helped to calm his nerves, and John read the newspaper before dozing off in his chair.
“There are at least 240 different types of tobacco ash,” said Sherlock. “It’s amazing what one can learn from simple observation.”
“Like what?” asked John. He stifled a yawn.
*****
*******
“Not someone,” said Sherlock. “Brook.”
. He’d found the novel tucked behind a set of medical journals on the top row of the bookshelf. He sipped his wine and opened it to the ear bent page...but he couldn’t keep his mind on the story.
He refused all attempts at communication.
“I trust your trip was uneventful.” The Earl poured two very large brandies and handed one to John.
Sherlock pulled away, his face flushed and curious. "You'll let me smoke inside?"
“Here.”
“Yes m’lady, thank you,” answered John.
William hissed as the needle went through his skin. The numbing agent John had used was not very effective.
“Quite dangerous,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock's pale eyes lit up at John’s touch, but he instinctively pulled his hand away.
“Trumpets only” commanded Brook. “Down the line. Bars 36 to 38. One-two--”
John glanced up at the innkeeper and back at the woman.
“You misunderstand,” replied Sherlock. “I sent Mycroft a telegram letting him in on your situation. He called in some favors.” Sherlock paused. “You’ve been appointed a two-year surgical fellowship in Edinburgh starting in the new year.”
“Ta,” he replied, reaching forward and smoothing the young musician’s lapel with his fingers.
Sherlock slid down into the bed and settled into the crook of John's arm.
John’s jaw locked into place as his neck turned deep crimson.
“You think someone poisoned his headphones?” asked John incredulously.
“Here’s the address, and money for the train.” He handed an envelope over to the young surgeon. “I am grateful for your willingness. It will not be forgotten.”
Maybe his brilliant detective had simply lost track of the time while deep in thought, thinking of ways to track the baron.
It burned in that familiar way that he knew would taper soon, once Felipe was all the way inside him. He worked his hips until his behind sat flush with Felipe's thighs, and began to roll his body slowly, back and forth.
“Your parents musicians?”
Sherlock patted the ledge.“Did he show you this?”
"Promise me you'll stay away from him," Sherlock pleaded again, pulling back and taking John’s face in his hands.
Sherlock groaned obscenely as the pressure built inside him. He pulled John even tighter against him, and it was then he lost control. He was suddenly gone - a momentary loss of his surroundings, a white light, bucking and writhing under his partner’s weight, gripping the young medical student’s ass so roughly the tips of his fingers left dents in the fabric of his jeans. When he finally fell back to reality, and realized what had happened, the dampness in his pants, his erratic breathing - he was mortified.
“Told you,” he said without looking up.
The story picks up in "Marquess My Words, Dear Watson", Part II of the series "Untitled Nobility"
The scar was red and gnarled, and he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
John waited patiently, pouring himself more tea as Sherlock considered his request. The taller man stood and again rang for Dimmock.
John shook his head. “It doesn’t make up for what I did. And now, I can’t make you better.”
It was very late, so Sherlock expected the fourth floor to be deserted. The automatic lights flickered on as they entered through the glass doors. Sherlock showed John the practice rooms and the view of the gardens, the room he normally practiced in near the back door, then walked him to the opposite end of the floor to the group practice rooms.
His lips trembled with endearing hesitation.
John gently cradled Sherlock's face. He then got up from the bed.
Of course, the brilliant man next to him, known for his amazing powers of observation, didn't notice.
John shook his head. “No. Peter, if he fell, he’ll freeze to death if we don’t find him. We can’t leave.”
“Come on, to the Yard we go,” he huffed, as Sherlock followed behind.
The two men sat in silence again for a long time, until the night settled over them.
“It will be alright,” he said in a low voice. “Everyone knows. It won't be a shock.”
“We’ll go to London,” Sherlock announced abruptly. “I own a flat in a center but unassuming locale. Mrs. Hudson must retire from her cook’s duties, and we’ll need a housekeeper.” He glanced at John.
“Do we really have this place to ourselves?” asked John, opening a door that led to a bedroom and peaking inside. “It’s perfect. No one for miles.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked back to the messenger. John felt himself hesitate, then he pulled the satchel from his shoulder and handed it to Sherlock.
“Order up!” yelled the chubby middle-aged man behind the counter. Molly snapped out of her perfect moment, almost toppling over as Sherlock left her side to make his way to the counter.
William dipped his head and drew in a deep breath. He picked up the stack of papers.
When John returned, Sherlock had just emerged from the bath, clean and wrapped in his silk robe.
“Yes.”
The doctor managed to lean up a bit, raising his hand in the air as if to signal that he was alright. William helped him to his feet and gave him back his gun.
Sherlock took the boots from John but didn’t take his eyes off of him. John bent over to pick up his lordship’s nightshirt when the damn brace shifted and knocked his knee out of place. He stumbled and fell awkwardly over the side of Sherlock's armchair.
Sherlock sat up and brought John into his arms. He stroked his blond head. “It’ll be alright,” he whispered.
“So what brings you to Sant Sadurni d’Anoia?”
The guest bedroom. He’d never spent much time in the room. It was the only place in the whole flat that didn’t remind him in some part of what he’d lost. He’d bought a new chair and had it placed in front of the hearth, but at an angle so he could still look out the window.
“A body did turn up. I arrived at the village and went immediately to identify the remains, just in case…” The Earl softly swallowed. “The irony in that it was not my brother was that I recognized the dead man immediately. His name was James Moriarty, a Baron. I served with him in Parliament.”
“I understand,” said Sherlock seriously.
“I've been well,” answered Felipe. “And you?”
“Why must he remember?”
The doctor licked his lips. Against his better judgement, he climbed into the bed and straddled Sherlock’s thin hips. He gently pushed opened the collar of the nightshirt, exposing more of the blush along his chest, and pressed his lips to the smooth skin. He heard Sherlock’s breathing stop for a moment as his eager mouth worked its way up the long, graceful neck before him. His teeth gently tugged at a supple bottom lip before kissing a full, eager mouth.
“Stay if you like, John,” he said softly. “My farm is not far, and I have room.”
“What did I tell you?” breathed John, removing Sherlock's hand. “Next time, I take care of you, yeah?”
He flipped over onto his side and shut his eyes, hoping in vain sleep would find him before the sunrise.
He stirred and sat up. “How was it?” he asked sleepily. He rose to help Sherlock out of his jacket and tie.
John realized his mouth was hanging open as he assessed the nobleman’s glowing appearance. Sherlock no longer showed signs of waning illness. He was the picture of health, vibrant and virile, his cheekbones prominent but full, his blunt jawline stout and hinting at a double chin as he smiled. His dark hair was slicked back from his head and he wore a blacktop hat with a matching longcoat. A colorful red handkerchief skimmed his front pocket.
“I almost had him!” Sherlock shouted. “He was going to admit everything!”
Instead, the door to the classroom swung open wide and hard, hitting the opposite wall and making a loud SMACK against the wall. Several jerked in their seats at the noise. The director quickly retreated to a corner of the room as Professor Brook, baton in hand, made his way into the classroom.
John felt his cock stir at the memory, and he immediately grunted in frustration. He threw back the covers and got out of bed. The water from the basin was cold, and John bathed himself from the forehead to chest, soaking the front of his nightshirt.
Felipe softly snorted and took a long sip of wine.
“He came by the yard,” said Donovan. “I wanted to check in on him, after what happened today.”
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock’s face was a scrambled mess of confusion. “She threw you out onto the street with nowhere to go, knowing full well you were the heir. She must atone.”
Brook loomed over him, counting him off.
“Holmes has a history of spying for the British government.”
A few seconds later, Professor Brook, sweaty and perturbed, emerged from the glass doors and stopped. He looked around, his dark eyes seemingly able to penetrate all the shadows.
A look of contentment settled on Sherlock’s fine features.
She clasped her hand over her mouth as her eyes dropped to the floor.
Months passed. Seasons changed. Summer came and went. Leaves darkened and fell.
“I've wanted to do this every day since the first day I saw you,” Felipe panted. “And after what you did for me…” He manhandled John away from the door and they both fell back onto the old, squeaky cot. John straddled his lap and undid the buttons of his shirt, exposing his broad chest graced with large patches of smooth dark hair. He ran his fingers along the lines of his pectorals, stopping to grace a nipple with a gentle tug.
“Not to bring me home?”
Felipe gave him a sheepish smile.
He felt himself fall onto his back and into sludge. The breath was knocked out of him, and he groaned in pain. He tried to get up, but only managed to move his head to the side. The lightning flashed, and he managed a glimpse of something metal lying in the soaked clay.
Sherlock leans forward and kisses him. “Thank you.”
“A ruse?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened as John repeated everything Raibert had said to him.
“But why would that make you suspicious of murder?”said John, now sitting up, interested.
Sherlock hadn't been prepared for that question. He could only tell the truth. "Nothing else. That's all he wanted."
He gave himself over. He was under Dr. Watson's strict orders, now.
John remembered that day he was turned out of Halidon by the marchioness. Like his shoulder, it was a wound that had never properly healed.
John pressed his lips against Sherlock's long, bruised neck. He breathed in his scent, the sweet smell of his skin, of soap mixed with sandalwood and sex.
"My - oh. I must've forgotten it. I just started walking," he said. Slowly his face softened as he realized Sherlock was holding onto him. He smiled weakly. "I guess my autopilot brought me here."
“Mm, last I knew he was still in Tangier, a practicing surgeon.” Felipe smiled. “Thanks to you.”
“Sounds insufferable,” complained Sherlock. He stoked the fire with the poker.
“Jean Pierre gave me this space for my apothecary.”
John sits down next to Sherlock, taking his hand in his. “It is our home. And I’ll be on leave before you know it.”
The 2nd trumpet player missed the cue.
"John," said Sherlock weakly.
“It’s not your fault, John.”
“You’ve barely said a word.”
John knew he didn't just mean England, or Cornwall, or Lands End.
William played the instrument a bit as John freed his belongings from the large trunk William had insisted on bringing along. He swept around the hearth, then spread his bedroll between the hearth and the table. He stoked the fire and warmed himself, deciding he’d slept in much worse places.
As if sensing Sherlock’s presence, Brook turned towards the door.  His eyes locked onto Sherlock’s.
Felipe smiled at him kindly. “We will go tomorrow. He will not have the strength to fight us both.”
John settled on his knees in front of him and carefully took the engorged syringe from his elegant fingers. He carefully inserted the liquid back into the bottle.
“Have you seen Dr. Canales? Can’t seem to locate him.”
with desire.
“Oh no, not again,” said John, grabbing onto Sherlock's coat sleeve and tugging sharply.
Donovan sighed.
The voices grew distant as the students kept walking. John released Sherlock's lips, both young men left gasping.
"Did I say to start playing again?"
Postman’s Park in central London was full of people the next afternoon, all enjoying the warm October sun before autumn’s end. Sherlock and his brother, Mycroft, faced off on opposite ends of a large chessboard in the middle of the grass. The elder brother moved his black knight, a chess piece knee-high in size.
“I’m not sure.”
Felipe's inhale was sharp and quick as he bent down to take John’s mouth in a kiss. John snaked his fist into the back of the Spaniard’s hair and held him, inches from his lips.
It was impossible to tell how long he’d lain in bed. He floated in and out of consciousness, his throat burning and his mind roaring with nightmares.
-------------------
He leaned in over the shorter, sturdier man, his sweet baritone almost a rumble.
“What is this, German, m’lord?”
John Watson's living space was a mere 300 square feet, but a full-sized couch, huge flat screen, large wooden desk and a double bed were crammed in the space, leaving little room to slide into the tiny kitchen and bathroom which took up the rest of the square flat.
---------------
“Crystal?”
He forced his mind to calm down as he began to scan every inch of the cliffs for any sign of him. He’d certainly fallen, but if he had landed nearby, by chance, he could have survived. He could be hanging on at this very moment, waiting for John to find him.
--------------------
Unmistakably Donovan’s voice.
Sherlock obeyed and made his way towards the exit, stopping only to wave goodbye to Friederich and Fritz, who were so drunk and lost on each other that Sherlock’s gesture barely registered. John followed behind, and they stepped outside into a torrential downpour. They ran back to the main road to flag a cab.
“Sherlock,” said John warily. “Can we get to the point of all this?”
“Here, love,” he said.
“John I know it may sound foolish...no it definitely sounds foolish, a man of my age asking you, for you too-” his voice quivered.
John bolted back downstairs, running smack into Peter in the hallway.
“John!” shouted Mr. Thomas. “I’m not some bloody stranger!”
“You know you still have some work to do” said Sherlock, motioning at half his trousers still glued to his leg.
Sherlock felt sweaty curls being pushed away from his face. His kept his eyes squeezed shut, but he couldn’t stop his lungs from forcing his swollen
After his obligatory drink with Mycroft, he chose to spend his evening downstairs. It felt good to catch up with Dimmock and Molly. Both had recently received promotions, and John got the impression that each seemed rather infatuated with the other.
Instead, he hurled it across the room into the wall. The heavy container punctured the wallpaper and landed with a thud on the floor.
He almost let it be. He wanted to let it be. But instead, he flipped open the lid.
John held the slender man down as his lips took the other testicle into his mouth, leaving the first wet and glistening. Sherlock spread his long legs even wider and moaned loudly.
Mr. Thomas chuckled and glanced sideways at Mrs. Turner, who was trying to hide her flushed cheeks.
Felipe leaned forward and checked the man’s pulse. He grimaced and shook his head.
John inwardly sighed, but he squinted and concentrated on the left side of the garden. He took another slip of delightful brandy as he surveyed the landscape...until suddenly, he felt his entire body turn cold.
“This matter is extremely time sensitive?” said John, rather confused.
“Where did you get that?”
A car horn honks outside.
Sherlock was one of the last players to take his seat back inside the practice room. His heart was beating in his ears as he forced himself to concentrate on the sheet music in front of him. He glanced up to see Victor staring back at him. He gave an encouraging nod and a small smile. Sherlock turned around to Wiggins, who looked back at him like he was about to face a firing squad.
“That's preposterous.”
John smiled, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and holding him close, letting the young man's curly head rest against his chest.
John attempted to get up from the bed. It was almost embarrassing how easily Peter was able to keep him from stirring.
“Now show me,” he whispered. “How you like to touch yourself.”
Sherlock managed to side glance the door as he played, but Brook was gone.
"Hey," he replied softly. He hovered uneasily in the hallway, rocking back and forth on his heels.
“John,” he whispered. “I need you.” He stroked firmly over John’s hardening body, his fingers travelling up his chest.
He pressed the heart of Sherlock's palm to his lips and kissed, then buried his face in his lordship's long, lean knuckles.
“Will you let me explain?” John asked carefully.
“You’ll come with me?”
He entered a quieter section of the town with shops and what looked like a schoolhouse. A sign on the next door caught his eye.
The two men came so close to colliding that John felt Sherlock's breath on his cheek. Their eyes locked in a naked, passionate glance.
John didn’t make much sense as he puffed nonsensical sentences into Sherlock’s ear.
His heart leapt into his throat as he forced his weak eyes to focus. The impeccably dressed, tall gentleman placed his hands behind his back and addressed Peter with a nobleman’s tongue.
“No idea,” John answered, as he poured them each a drink.
Sherlock watched John gravitate toward the old wooden table, a look of appreciation mixed with apprehension on his face.
Sherlock bit his lower lip. John moved to the bed. He was on his knees to between Sherlock’s legs. He began to snip, beginning at one ankle and moving on up to Sherlock’s crotch.
“What? No!” answered John.
Felipe glared at him for a moment, then turned to Donovan and grabbed the rope, wrapping it around his waist twice.
“Oh my God,” gasped Sherlock, holding on to Raibert's auburn locks for dear life. It felt like a dozen men were sucking him at the same time, a dozen men fucking him, holding him, forcing him to feel it all.
“Excuse me, m'lords, but you have a visitor.”
Sherlock grinned. “I do know for the past two decades very tall footmen have been quite fashionable.”
Two months. It had been two months since a man had touched him. He felt some mornings as if he could hammer nails with his pecker. It was his own fault. He’d received a terse reply from Felipe in his last letter about his delay, as he’d made something up about William needing help with the barrister and the lease on Baker Street.
Felipe seemed relieved once John told him William had stirred. The two men looked at his sputum again under the microscope, and both men concluded his condition had turned. He was going to live.
“John,” Sherlock called out.
“My lords,” he bowed slightly. “I beg forgiveness for interrupting your day. My name is John Watson, and it is his lordship the Earl I respectfully request a word.”
"Yes. Professor Richard Brook." Sherlock said the name succinctly, pronouncing every syllable. A sly smile broke into the corner of the man’s tightly closed lips.
“And you? Did it make you feel useful again as well?”
The top of Sherlock’s head banged against headboard.
“What gives you the right to barge in here,” he seethed. “Get out.”
“He said he’d hire me to manage his inventory. Plus…”. William looked away almost shyly. “He has bees. In the back lot. Hives.”
Donovan shook his head. “I assumed he came home. But if no one’s seen him -...”
“What do they do?”
Felipe walked over just as John stood up from his chair. He managed to stifle a yawn.
He finally gave in and made his way back to the surface as quickly as his legs could take him.
Sherlock nodded and kissed him back tenderly. John helped him lie back down into the rickety old cot and covered him up.
Sherlock couldn’t help but follow John Watson’s trajectory back across the grass.
“Here, can you sit up?”
Victor clasped his hands together and sighed. “He probably told you how boring you were. How you were like all the others?” Sherlock shook his head in agreement. “Like I said before, Brook is tough, but he’s brilliant. An incredible teacher, and an amazing composer.”
“It’s here somewhere,” he mumbled.
Felipe built a small cabin near the olive grove along the creek, a little one room structure with a huge porch and two chairs. They often went fishing and cooked supper what they caught. With Francesca's help, John now made a decent paella.
“Holmes!” Donovan shouted. “ Where did he go!?”
He filled them again. And again.
The bell signaled behind John as the door opened, and in walked a mother with two little boys, who were not happy in being dragged to the doctor.
--------------------
“This staff dates back to the 17th century. Jean-Baptiste Lully conducting Te Deum for Louis the fourteenth. He tapped this baton in a rhythm.” Brook dramatically moved his arm up and down, swaying to music that wasn’t there. “And he tapped it so vigorously that he smashed his toe, resulting in an infection that eventually killed him.”
“Why would an army doctor with a limp want to go back into service?”
One of the maids caught sight of John and gasped. The rest turned and immediately stood up. The talking ceased.
John didn’t look convinced. "If you're not going to tell me what's really going on, at least promise you won't go down there alone."
It was footsteps. Running. Coming from the unexplored area of the dark passageway.
“Yes, I’d be delighted,” said John. His mind had already drifted to thoughts of Sherlock in his white tie and dinner jacket.
There his mother lay, her eyes shut and her head bleeding. Her body was cocked at an odd angle and her breath was shallow and uneven. John knew something was terribly wrong.
John stood somberly in a heavy winter coat, the outerwear odd and out of place in the warm, humid conditions of the pool.
“What if I told you I don’t care beans about your memory?” John took a sip. “That I’d simply like to go riding?”
Note: Brief display sexual/physical violence in this chapter.
, deep inside him.
“Lestrade left with his men,” he said.
John picked up the piece of cloth.
Sherlock Holmes was not a senior. He was a young looking eighteen year-old freshman with alabaster skin, high cheekbones and shockingly translucent eyes framed by a dark mop of messy curls. He was tall and lithe and dressed impeccably, his back straight and blunt chin held high as he rolled his small trunk up to the door and unlocked it. He grimaced as his shins slammed against the twin bed frame: truly it was the tiniest space the young man had ever seen. The door just cleared the bed, and along the west wall a few sparse bookshelves framed a built in desk with a small wooden chair. A pocket door separated the toilet, shower and sink from the main living space. Thankfully, the ceiling was high and the east wall contained two large windows that opened. Moonlight poured into the room, but disappeared as he flipped on the light switch.
They came upon a large pond that had a small dock built out a few metres into the water. Sherlock stopped his horse and jumped off, removing his bag from the saddle.
The room was quiet except for Sherlock’s ragged breathing. He felt one of the tears he’d been desperately trying to hold back slide down one of his stinging cheeks.
“Ah” said Moriarty, stepping forward and taking the stick... “Booooring!” he sang, and tossed the stick into the pool.
"Who?" asked John. "What are you not telling me?"
Without thinking, Sherlock leaned in, his full mouth placing a firm kiss on John Watson's slightly-parted lips.
“Oh John, I always took you for a swallower” he said winking.
"Sherlock," warned John. He slammed his fist onto the counter in frustration, making the glasses jump and rattle. More importantly, it shocked Sherlock into answering.
“M’lord, Dr. Watson, may I be of service?” he said, placing the slippers neatly at the side of the bed.
Sherlock sobbed as John squeezed his erection and at the same time tightened the grip on his wrists. Sherlock lifted his hips again, and again, and again. He helplessly whined into John's neck. It was exquisite torture.
John laid down in the grass, still giggling.
“He hates it when I let him win,” Mycroft replied innocently.
Sherlock obeyed, his chest heaving. Something wet fell on his arm. He reached up and felt his cheeks. When had he started to cry?
“Dr. Watson, let's return, to make sure Mr. Holmes didn’t make it to Rosenlaui after all,” Peter said sensibly.
“Oh shut up,” spat Sherlock. “It was our father’s wish we employ this man. Give him a position.”
“When we took your mother on,” she continued, “It was agreed that you would stay as long as she stayed.”
John froze. He didn’t want Sherlock to come too soon, he was aware of the unfairness.
Molly was silent for a moment. “I have to tell you something.”
John couldn’t help but steal one more glance as he left. Sherlock’s smouldering gaze was on his body and flicked up to catch his eyes as he turned to walk out the door.
Sherlock felt their pricks touch as John kissed him deeply, his tongue licking and exploring the inside of mouth.
“Our bodies heal,” said Felipe. “But your friend, his injury is in his mind. Treating the mind is not so easy.”
John grabbed his hand. “Stop.”
“Indeed, what shall we do?” he whispered.
Jean stepped up and unlocked the door. “Want to see?”
“Goodnight,” John answered, still annoyed. He drained his own glass and poured himself a fourth glass. He was feeling good and comfortable now.
“The fucking aristocracy,” he managed, taking a generous sip from his glass.
Of course, that was 132 years ago. Due to the expense of keeping up the rest of the facilities, the subterranean level had not been maintained properly, and the stone was crumbling. The stench of mildew permeated the rehearsal rooms, and the steps that led down to the hollowed out core were steep and loose. In 1998 the rooms were considered an official health hazard. The mold count was off the charts, but most students continued to brave the creepy rooms until a generous grant from a wealthy donor prompted its closing. The donated millions were spent to remodel the fourth floor of the main structure, and seventy-five soundproof practice rooms, some with a view of the courtyard, became available for use in August of 2012. As for the old, dilapidated practice rooms underneath the structure, most assumed the entrance had been filled in and sealed off, for safety and structural concerns mandated by the building codes office.
Sherlock turned and backtracked up to the fourth floor practice room. He knew he would come this time, it was just a matter of when.
Sherlock whimpered, and shook his head no.
"Yeah?"
“What happened back there...” he said softly.
--------------
“Yes?”
John lowered his hand and gently brushed his palms against his narrow shoulders. “Now let me see,” he said softly.
A moment of silence filled the breakfast hall.
“Mr. Holmes, I assure you, this is leading somewhere,” John said gently. “You must understand, I believe this will help you.”
“Oh my God,” breathed Sherlock, watching John as he fucked them both with his hand. “Oh!" His head fell back and exposed his neck.
It had been weeks since he'd made love to him, and he craved it now like a man dying of thirst.
“Sherlock Holmes,” answered William, glancing at John in confusion.
“There you are, bloody ungrateful boy!” he growled. “Is this where you've been keeping yourself hidden away?”
“I killed her,” he said quietly.
“I know how to fuck your arse. And I'll fuck you here if you like.”
John groaned as he helped Sherlock remove his trousers and pants. Sherlock worked John's cock with one hand as his other dipped into the plate of butter on the kitchen table. He worked the butter between the curves of John's tight little ass, working slowly to open his center, first one finger, then two.
“It was good,” John said softly. “Better than good. Mr. Thomas finally recognized me. It felt good to catch up with…”
John felt tears prick his eyes. He swallowed and nodded his head.
For several seconds, one could hear a pin drop.
“WILLIAM!” he couldn’t help but shout.
John moved his coat to reveal the bomb strapped to his chest. Sherlock’s stomach turned sour.
John awoke with a start, rattling the old cot in the apothecary. He ran a palm over his damp face, forcing himself to concentrate, lifting himself out of the hellish nightmare that seemed to catch up with him every few days.
He let up, realizing he was grimacing. He glanced up at John, who smiled back encouragingly.
His mother’s breath became more labored and she began to wheeze. Her body shook as she began to draw for breath.
John knitted his brows. “Deal with what?”
I would thy hive, and thou my honey, bee.
“All right. Let's just go back the way we came," said John calmly, taking charge. "We didn't walk all that far. Give me your hand."
"Yes?" answered Sherlock.
“Locked in his desk drawer,” Lestrade said appreciatively. “Should have a toxicology report by week’s end.”
“Don’t argue, I’m a doctor!” yelled John and amazingly Sherlock obeyed.
For a moment, Sherlock looked at John in pure adoration. He then snapped out of it and shimmied down the ladder.  “Thank you for your help, Watson. If you’d be so kind, I’d appreciate my riding attire readied before the luncheon.”
“This is the London you will know from now on.”
Sherlock struck him with a sharp elbow right in his jaw. John caught the long limb before it could strike him again, but Sherlock fought back, shoving at him, trying to get up from the bed.
“Where should I put this?”
Within the hour, John had his belongings new and old stored under his feet as Felipe lifted the fish into the back of the wagon. The village was full of hustle and bustle as large carts full of flowers and candles rode by, with people carrying huge baskets of fruit and vegetables and loading them into wagons.
“Yes,” said Brook. “Even the bulb. One continuous piece, smoothed and molded. Though one could never use it for conducting. It’s too heavy.” Brook took the baton back from Sherlock, and caressed it tenderly. “It’s my favorite,” whispered Brook, as he gently gripped the baton and ran his fist slowly up and down from the tip to the bulb, up and down. He looked up at Sherlock, his eyes dancing.
He recognizes the visitor, and attempts in vain to form a coherent sentence. "Sorry...I'm, I'm sorry --”
“Stop staring at the door and start at bar 72. Everyone…” His arm came down in a fluid motion and the orchestra sounded off, the brass finally hitting their mark as a grin spread across the director’s face.
Sherlock perked up, leaning in, his forearms flat against the table.
John threw open the door to the guest bedroom. He yanked out his bag and began stuffing it with clothes.
Sherlock stepped forward and handed something over to John.
A short ride later and they exited the train and bounded up the stairs at London Bridge station. Above ground the wind was sharp but the sun was warm, and The Shard, a massive crystal stalagmite jutting from the earth, glistened brightly in the sunshine. Sherlock walked quickly, but John slipped in next to him, both settling into a comfortable stride as they walked a few more blocks, until they came to an old brick church with a tiny sign hanging above an ancient door that read The Olde Operating Theatre Museum and Herb Garret.
They had ridden by lamplight to the Felipe’s home. John briefly met a sister, an aunt and a nephew before being led to a bedroom on the far left wing of the villa. He’d collapsed into the clean, comfortable bed with only the energy to remove his shoes.
Ahad’s eyes grew wide. He turned and addressed the crowd, interpreting John’s words.
“You’re a fine surgeon, Ahad. It’s been a pleasure working with you.”
Wiggins coughed a little. "Aye. These are quite stale. But, beggars can't be choosers I suppose." He turned to Sherlock with large, coherent eyes. "Carl Powers. Ring a bell?"
Sherlock was propped up on his elbows stretched out on the bed, his shirt unbuttoned exposing his chest. His pants were so tight, like a wetsuit that was just kinda wet but not completely wet. John went hard when he realized there was no way Sherlock could have any hair down there. There just wasn’t room.
“Where are we?” he asked.
Oh gods and oh nos and Holy Mary's echoed through the room. Sherlock continued to glare at Brook. Tells were all over his silly, overwrought performance.
“Don’t be long,” John answered, pulling Sherlock’s hand down and squeezing it. “You said we still have a bit of traveling left to do, and you need to rest.”
While playing chess in the park, Sherlock meets medical student John Watson.
John still looked at him blankly.
Mr. Thomas pointed at the stack of mail.
Sherlock shook his head, but it made him grimace and he shut his eyes. He felt himself pulled easily to his feet.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
John looked over at him, panting, and smiled. “Next time I’m fucking you. That’s all there is too it.”
John smiles openly. "Ah, I played clarinet in grammar school. Not quite the same though.”
The old woman slowly took the money with a shaky hand, then turned and peeled off two old-fashioned two inch tickets from a large spool. She handed one to John and one to Sherlock.
Everything horrible he'd ever felt about himself washed over him, as if he were drowning in the reservoir next to him. He was the invert son of a vicar, a man who could not hold his drink, who floundered in the face of piety and fed his ego with a profession beyond his reach. His scarred, weak body had failed him in his search for Sherlock, who had suffered alone while John frolicked in Spain with the same lover he'd abandoned him for in Tangier, the same man he'd been with while he let the love of his life battle addiction and the consequences of acts from horrible people, thoughtless acts that John had also suffered, consequences he knew all too well.
It had been a fortnight since William’s breakfast declaration. Mycroft had reluctantly agreed to fund the trip to London on the promise John was not under any circumstances, to leave William alone
"What year are you?"
“You do have an Achilles heel,” teased Sherlock.
He shined the lamp all around him, and found more blood.
“Yes.”
“I -,” she began, taking a deep breath. “I want you to know, that I – I…
“Yeah?” said Wiggins. “How about this. Carl Powers’s old man was the one who recommended him to the board for hire.”
Sherlock nodded. “Deal.”
“I’m heading to the Yard. I just discovered evidence this morning that exonerates Mrs. Tupplebottom.”
William unexpectedly laughed at the same time a sob broke from his throat. Tears spilled down his cheeks. “It’s all up for negotiation,” he said.
Soon, John became a fixture with all of Sherlock’s cases, the detective finding his doctor an invaluable resource. John began writing about the cases for record keeping purposes only. He'd enjoyed writing since boyhood, but rarely had the time or inclination. Now, he spent evenings writing about The Hound, or The Woman, or his personal favorite, the real Mr. Garrideb. He shared them only with close friends and family, who always heaped praise over the adventures.
“How about a serial killer to start?”
“What’s going on here?”
“Fuck,” breathed Sherlock, as more of his fingers played on John’s slick tongue.
They read up on what little surgical records had survived, and inspected the medical “tools” of the day (a saw, a vice, several metal pins and a giant warped bucket were among the most disturbing). When they’d exhausted the room of every last detail, they headed back through the herb garret and trekked down the rickety stairs.
“Did he do that to you too?”
“Trombones Bars 21 to 21. Four-and -”
John grew jealous, and subconsciously began writing in Sherlock’s less attractive qualities into his fictional Holmes detective.  The Strand’s Holmes was arrogant and cold, a man who valued logic, not emotion, above all else. He earned a reputation not to be trifled with, as his sharp tongue had won him as many friends as enemies.
The strong, defined muscles in his hips flexed as John kept it slow and steady. His thighs rolled in a rhythm that made the bed squeak.
“What did he tell you?”
The rain erupted into a downpour. The dirt began to muddy, slowly erasing the trail of blood.
When he failed to answer, William looked away, defeated.
Sherlock grunted in pain, but held onto him even tighter.
“Well he’s...I guess he’s mainly a teacher.”
John laughed uncomfortably. “I do,” he said, blushing. “And yeah, we were.”
"John?" said Sherlock incredulously.
His mail piled up so high that Miss Turner didn't even bother to bring it to him anymore. She kept it stacked by month on Sherlock's old work table near the window.
“Surgery,” he managed to squeak out.
For a moment, John thought he meant Tangier, but it quickly became clear that he meant the apothecary.
Holy week passed quickly, and Good Friday finally fell upon the village. The processionals were colorful and beautiful, and multiple reenactments of the crucifixion peppered the town square. In the evening, John attended mass with the Canales family and watched in amazement as each member of the community paid reverence to God, Jesus and the Mother Mary.  Afterward, everyone gathered for a celebration in the center of town, complete with food and fireworks.
“I know about your little operation underground,” Sherlock threatened. “I bet even Scotland Yard wouldn’t botch up such an open and shut case. Now tell me where Victor is.”
The rest of the night was a blur and later, when John looked back, he couldn’t remember much of anything except a lot of drinking and swearing and really bad jokes. He woke up the next morning with a horrible headache and a shilling in his pocket with instructions to report to the Glasgow magistrate’s office to be sworn in to her majesty’s army.
The innkeeper saw John’s confusion, and stepped in to translate.
Sherlock thrashed harder against his palm. John repeated himself, encouraging him to open his eyes.
“Yes. And he in return saved mine,” said John. “I’ve got a job, a place to live, food to eat. I am sitting in a beautiful meadow drinking wine.” He started giggling. “I fear I’m half drunk.”
“Give him over.”
Sherlock’s eyes grew wide with surprise as Stefan threw up his hands in defeat, stepping aside.
“Of course, John. I’d never let you face this alone.”
“Carl senior was desperate, and he decided it was worth a shot to go looking for the loot. He hired Brook to make a donation to the music school under another name so that construction on the new practice rooms could begin, leaving the catacombs empty. Carl senior vouched for Brook’s fake credentials and the school hired him to teach, putting him in the perfect position to look for the treasure without suspicion.”
“No,” insisted John. “I’m fine, really. I’ll just lie down a bit after we finish here.”
Before John could protest, Jean opened the door and walked inside. John followed. The room was deep, and was separated in the back by a partition. The front waiting area had several old chairs with a huge, dusty curtain hanging from the ceiling. Jean pushed the curtain back to reveal an old wooden desk and empty shelves lining the wall. Two high wooden slabs sat in the middle of the room, and several cots were along the opposite wall.
With a flick of his wrist, the orchestra went silent. Sherlock pulled away from the door in a flash, shaken, his chest heaving. He forced himself to be still.
William didn't look away, but faced John and his fury head-on.
“Sussex Downs.”
John was more than ready to head back and had whistled for a cab when Friedrich handed each of them a cigarette. John picked up something about the ‘night still being fresh’ in German as the cigarettes were lit. Sherlock seemed to relish the first drag of the stick, where John could take it or leave it. He sucked on it a few times and mostly let it burn between his fingers. Fritz motioned for them to follow him down the street.
“Do what you must,” said Mycroft, between bites. “It’s a tiresome journey. You should take Watson.”
“I’m where I belong,” John replied. “I'll never leave you again.”
“But?”
“It’s my geography lesson,” he replied. “I am reading about a place called the desert where people live in tents and ride camels.” John stopped and thought for a moment. “Mr Thomas, what’s a camel look like?”
“Alright?” he asked softly.
“You dream of me?”
Several days passed with little excitement. After a particularly grueling surgery, John stepped into the tiny sitting area to rest. He sat on the stool and unbuttoned his shirt, rubbing his scar with his palm and massaging the back of his neck. He needed a bath and a good long walk.
Inside were the missing vials of morphine and cocaine.
“Baker street?”
John dropped to his knees, his tongue sliding from the tip of Sherlock's jutting tailbone all the way to his center, working the soft flesh with his tongue until it began to loosen.
Roberts opened the door to his sitting room. A man stood by the butler’s desk, a hat in one hand, the other gripping a thin wooden cane. He was solid in stature and, though of average height, stood up very straight as the men entered. His blonde hair had been recently cut and his face shaved, but his suit was ill-fitted and dull. It was apparent to both the Earl and his brother that this man had fallen on hard times. His deep blue eyes were still sharp, and though his expression showed nervousness he was pleasant. He addressed the men with manners and courtesy.
“What -” said John, and glanced at his violin. “Just leave it. We’ll come back for it.”
"Okay then," said John. “Tuesday, 2pm. You, me and London.”
William suddenly rose from his chair and grabbed the stack of papers on the end table.
John exhaled anxiously and stepped closer to Sherlock's body, holding his cock with one hand and the back of Sherlock’s curls with the other. He guided his cock back into Sherlock's hot, open mouth.
Mr. Thomas beamed. “Johnny, wild dogs couldn't’ keep me from it. Good night then.”
Sherlock complied, and John hooked an arm underneath the long, graceful limb and pinned it to the bed. John lowered his mouth to the line where his hip met his pelvis,  and ghosted his lips along the crease.
Just then, the light from John’s torch wavered and went out completely. The corridor was suddenly pitch black, save the glow from the grate above.
“Oh, it's not useless,” said Brook dangerously. “You just have to use your imagination.” His gaze lingered on Sherlock just long enough to make the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
That love him more than any mortall wight!
“William was on his way to exonerate her this afternoon,” John murmured.
“Yes,” breathed Sherlock, as his hips pressed into her backside. “Molly, let me. I owe you this.”
Sherlock smiled shyly. He quickly took another bite of the sandwich, as if he was stalling for time so he wouldn’t have to speak.
“Because you are still recovering and need a warm, safe room,” John said. “Anyway, you know your coughing would keep me up all night.”
She had known he was alive. For two whole years, she kept it to herself. Sherlock Holmes trusted her, and she would have died before breaking that trust.
Wednesday afternoon in the windowless, stuffy Beginner band practice room was slowly dissolving into mayhem.
He backed up, the gun still pointed directly at the perpetrator’s head as it turned. John could finally see the monster was actually a man, but his height, odd shaped bald head and squinty eyes made him seem alien.
Felipe assessed John for a moment, then sat up, folded his hands carefully on the table.
Sudden voices in the hallway brought the two men back to their senses, and they immediately separated, gasping for air and rising to their feet. Sherlock quickly put on his robe as John gathered up his clothing.
“Oh Felipe,” John murmured. “Don't stop….”
The cab ride was 45 minutes even in the dead of night. He had the cabbie drop him four blocks away from the pool. It’d been ages since Sherlock had stepped foot in the place, but the side entrance still had a lousy lock that was no match for his nimble fingers.
“Sit. Down.”
He could only think Sherlock’s mouth, his ample, soft lips pressing against his, the sense of his tongue waiting to enter, wet and hungry. He remembered the sensation of his breath dancing on his cheek, and the smell of brandy mixed with cologne and sweat and dusty Berlin air.
“Yes, of course,” mumbled John. “Just a little tired. Out of practice, I guess.” He yawned and ran his palm over his face.
Jealousy began to bubble inside of John as the man sat down across from his lordship.
Raibert leaned forward, and draped his arm over Sherlock's shoulders. "Hey, John has a temper. Always has," said Raibert kindly, rubbing Sherlock's back. "It’s not your fault he didn’t stop to listen."
Sherlock jonesed for a cigarette as his head throbbed, and Mycroft’s confessions of brotherly love were not helping. He angrily snapped back. “I don’t need you to worry, and I don’t need your help.”
“What’s he written?”
But John knew in his heart that Sherlock awoke, possessing every memory he ever had, that he could not go back to the way things were.
“He’s out?” John said, pointing at the door.
“Yeah, I’m finished,” he said.
John’s eyes searched Sherlock’s. “I know there’s something you’re not telling me,” John said. “I wish you’d trust me enough to let me in on it.” Sherlock fed him the rest of egg roll, and Sherlock kissed his lips as he chewed.
“It has nothing to do with trust.”
“I used to write a column for a local paper,” he continued, once the wound began to neatly close. “I saved them if your interested. Sort of a little archive over there on the bookshelf, next to the window.”
John didn’t hesitate a moment. Sherlock watched as he slicked himself up with spit and gently guided his cock into his arse.
“Someone is feeling better,” mumbled John as he ran his fingertips over the the taller man’s bare chest.
“Mr. Holmes is very much interested,” he said a bit too loudly. “Right?”
Wiggins made his way into the room and pulled the tiny desk chair up against the wall, balancing expertly along the window sill and pushing the large window open as far as it would go. He then hoisted himself up, disappearing into the night sky.
The Inspector eyed the nobleman closely as he shook it.
He slid to the foot of the bed. He pushed Sherlock’s legs up and pinned them against his chest. His palms spread open his white, firm buttocks. He leaned down and softly kissed Sherlock’s opening.
“There’s no sugar.”
“I can’t. I have to make up my hours by pulling double shifts all week. But I’m free Saturday. I thought we could make an evening of it. You could come over here.”
Wiliam carefully stepped out of the room and John sat him at one of the few clear spots at the table. He began treating the wound as Mr. Thomas and Mrs. Turner cleaned up.
“Perhaps,” William said softly. He clasped John’s hand between his own and rested it in his lap. “But when it came time, you risked your life to save mine.”
John slid underneath the blanket and took Felipe into his mouth. Felipe responded in kind, his fingers finding their way into the crevice of John’s behind. John sucked him for only a few moments before Felipe flipped him into his stomach and spread his legs wide. He massaged the inside of his small hips before leaning forward, taking liberties where John had not been touched by another in months.
Sherlock glanced at his cane. “It comes and goes?”
"Who did?" asked Mycroft. "Your move."
“I know.”
John looked again, and shrugged his shoulders. “He likes music. He has those expensive headphones. What are they called, Beats or something?”
Sherlock groaned, but John led him out of the bedroom to the large water basin. The cold water made them both shiver, but John cleaned Sherlock with care and then washed himself before returning with relief to the warmth of the bed.
“One month,” he sighed.
*****
She reached forward and kissed him once on each cheek.
"Of sorts."
“Wait.” John’s hand shot out and gripped Sherlock’s arm. “I don’t want this.”
“You’re brown as a nut!” exclaimed the old woman.
Sherlock followed the instruction, and as he leaned back his lower body aligned with the angle of John’s cock, and Sherlock easily sunk down all the way to the root.
“Must we go over this again, Miss Turner,” he shouted rudely.  “I am not to receive any visitors-...”
“Where did you get this?” he demanded.
Sherlock followed the young secretary into side hallway. She knocked on the closed door of an office at the end of the hall.
“-and what is with this ‘Marie’ business?” John interrupted. “I’ve never known you to be so informal. Lecturing me on manners -”.
“Nope, Brook disappeared,” answered Lestrade angrily as they approached one of the police cars. Lestrade retrieved a cardboard evidence box from the trunk and placed it on the hood. Inside were dozens of plastic bags filled and sealed, but one caught Sherlock’s eye. He reached in and pulled it out.
Sherlock’s trenchcoat swirled as he glided out of the apartment, and Molly clamored behind.
John glanced over at Sherlock’s room. The door was shut, but he still signaled the inspector to join him in the second bedroom. Donovan followed him with a look of confused amusement. John closed the door behind them.
“Mr. Steiler told her that an English doctor was staying at the Inn, and she begged to have you see to her ailment.” The young man wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. “Mr. Steiler sent me straight away to fetch you. Will you come?”
“Don't patronize me, John.”
“I don’t think I can do this,” he whispered.
Sherlock now appeared completely sober.
Sherlock turned to find an incredibly attractive young man standing behind him. His hair was dark and wavy, his eyes a warm brown. He smiled, and a prominent dimple appeared next to his lips.
He’d pulled out one of Sherlock’s large old maps to plan for the trip, and was surprised to see how close Marseilles was to Barcelona. Ever since his run in with the Spaniard, he’d always wanted to see the vineyards he’d spoken of along the Mediterranean.
“For what?”
“By the end of the week,” answered Anderson, staring at John, who was still buried in his bowl. “His lordship said they’ll be gone for months.”
Familiar footsteps sounded on the stairs as John sealed his letter.
Sherlock nodded, his mouth full of food.
John’s shoulders sagged. He nodded his head. “Yes, you did,” he said sadly. “But I can’t stay here. I can’t watch this.”
“There’s a lovely restaurant next door that serves dinner until nine,” he said. “And if you are up for a walk, you must visit the falls.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“Oh?”
John looked back at him, his face crumpling again. “But she’s dead,” he croaked. “I made a stupid mistake, and she’s dead. Because of me.”
“How do you know?”
Felipe rose from his chair and placed the cork in the wine bottle, handing the remainder to John. John accepted it graciously.
The man sighed and mumbled to himself. “Debería haber sabido, un puto inglés. Voy a asesinarte, Jean Pierre.”**
“He is near the village right outside the wall,” said Felipe. “I’ll take you to him.”
John gently pried Felipe’s fingers away from his neck and wiped the blood away. Ahad sewed the wound shut carefully and placed the dressing on top. John then sent the student off to check on patients, leaving him alone with Felipe.
Sherlock snorted loudly in response, momentarily snapping John out of his despair.
“Thank you, Watson,” said Major Holmes. “If it weren’t for you, I’d not have the chance to see my sons again.” The major began to cough again.
For the first time since Sherlock had known John, he couldn’t read him. He couldn’t deduce. He couldn’t tell what John was thinking, what he was feeling, what he’d had for supper, if he and Sarah had shagged before he arrived here… No, he couldn’t do these things because his own emotions had taken over his faculties. The thought of John not being who Sherlock thought he was – the loyal, sweet, caring friend that had taken care of him through quiet days and dangerous nights, who accepted the severed head in the fridge and the toes in the canning jar next to the pickles in the fridge. John, who barely knew him at the time but still shot a serial killer in cold blood to save Sherlock’s life; it was not something Sherlock could possibly accept, or even process.
John's protective response released a sweet little shock through Sherlock's body. A small smile crept to his lips, despite the circumstances.
“I am actually,” John said, sipping his wine. “Thanks to you. Been in London for a better part of a decade now.”
John hadn’t realized he’d said it out loud. When he glanced up, he saw Felipe looking at him, an unreadable expression on his weathered, handsome face.
And here, he was doing the same to Molly.
John walked back to his chair and sat down. He laid the cane on the table behind him.
The heat was getting to John even in the shade. He again wiped his brow with his elbow.
Sherlock and John have a row as Sherlock’s lies are discovered.
Shelrock’s prolonged arousal had slicked his stomach. John dipped his fingers in the wet and slid his fingers into Sherlock’s cleft. He pressed gently inside him as he lowered his head, swiftly and confidently taking all of Sherlock into his mouth.
At 7:59 pm the following evening, John Watson walked into the tiny little restaurant in the center of town.
Wiggins nodded and swallowed. “Yes, Professor.” He turned and walked quickly back into the practice room.
John closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against the Spaniard's. “I don't deserve you,” he whispered.
John let out a tiny whimper of shock as he received the kiss. Electricity flowed through his chin, down his neck and into his chest. He broke away suddenly by lowering his head. His chest rose with heavy breaths. He didn't think Sherlock was breathing at all.
“Miss Turner is under strict orders to not let anyone -”
“I want you to take my cock into your mouth, and get it good and wet for me.”
John hurriedly worked to close the mother, and was relieved when the bleeding stopped on its own and he was able to close without complications.
When he felt like he could finally see without throwing up, he found himself towering over the sturdy young man who’d helped him stand up. “Thank you,” he managed.
*What are you doing in my office?
The two men stepped inside the front door, and reveled in the fresh smell of lavender lingering over the scrubbed floor and counters of the bright, tiny kitchen. To the left, a wide mantel framed a large stone hearth and in the middle, four chairs squeezed around a small, wooden table. John was excited to see a large sink with an attached water pump, so they wouldn’t be roughing it too much. The kitchen bled into the parlour, which held two decent size chairs, a fancy writing desk and two large bookshelves crammed full of books. A door to the right led to the one bedroom on the property, and the one to the left opened to the small outdoor sitting area that was covered overhead by wooden beams and thick vines.
Felipe stroked his cheek and whispered to him.
Sherlock gathered John's small, calloused hands from his nightgown and brought them to his lips. He kissed them over and over.
“Certainly not!”
Sherlock walked to the overstuffed leather couch along the wall and used the opportunity to observe the Professor’s office. A Grammy award was tucked on a shelf next to a Stradivarius violin, and a couple of Distinguished Alumnus certificates littered the wall, including a rather impressive one from in Hochschule fur Musik in Munich, Germany. One entire wall held a glass case of conducting batons, displayed individually and balanced on wooden pegs.
A shot rang out and the other Afghan fell to the ground on top of his comrade.
Everyone looked up in surprise. Even the footmen froze.
Fritz placed his arm around Friederich. “It’s been too long,” he said softly. His fingers brushed the other man’s neck.
John pulled his body into his own greedy mouth. The pleasure he took was immediately given back to him as Sherlock pleased him from below. The covers were thrown to the floor as the two lay in the middle of the bed on their sides, head to foot. It was a lazy give and take as they enjoyed each other’s mouths and tongues.
“Here!”
“John.”
He circled his hips, over and over and over, trying to bring himself off. Sherlock held onto his waist with both hands, helping him work the feeling, helping him chase his release. After several moments, he found the perfect rhythm, and with Sherlock holding him steady, he pumped his cock quickly and cried out as he came all over his hand and the bedsheets.
“We’ll see,” John said. “Until then…” He dropped a blanket on top of his bedroll and set a lantern on the chair. “I’ll be perfectly fine here.”
“Sorry, mate!” he said, stepping to the side. “Got a train to catch!” He stepped up into the cab just as a familiar, honeyed baritone responded immediately behind him.
With the last word Sherlock’s voice broke. He took a deep breath to regain some control over himself.
The man, who looked to be around forty years of age, approached John with the swagger of authority. He was muscular but graceful, his face rugged yet unconventionally handsome. His eyes were big and brown, his lashes full and dark, just like his shaggy hair. His jawline sported at least three days worth of scruff. He wore tanned trousers and a blue shirt with the sleeves rolled up. Dark chest hair peaked out of the V near his neck, since he'd failed to fasten the top two buttons.
Molly shot him a look. Dimmock shook his head. “Anderson, as his lordship's valet, I thought you would be more welcoming to a fellow colleague.”
“...No, I guess not…”
“Bones. Five-six-and - ”
Raibert set another drink in front of Sherlock, which he gladly put to his lips. "What happened between you two?"
“Your room should soon be a sauna by the time you're ready for sleep,” John said. “What have you got there?”
Wiggins shook his head. “Nah. I mean yeah he yelled at me and called me fucking stupid, but he never, you know, touched me or anything.” He flicked his cigarette over the ledge and stood up, tucking the flask back into his trousers.
John’s heart skittered so wildly in his chest that it hurt.
Her breath returned in jagged swells. Her nipples hardened under her bra as her body prepared itself for pleasure. Sherlock slid her hair away from her neck, and lightly kissed her below her ear.
John tried to explain. “It’s just for someone like me, who has spent his life in service to suddenly be sitting here instead of standing over there, eating off a silver tray instead of serving it, wearing silk instead of brushing it...” He trailed off.
Both men couldn’t help but giggle. John rolled over to grab a flannel to clean himself and Felipe. It was the last thing he remembered before he must’ve fallen asleep.
John held on to Sherlock as though he might disappear. His fingers played with dark curls as he gently suckled a scarlet dot onto his pale neck. They began to grind against each other, trading moans and gasps as they rocked back and forth.
A quick assessment of his body revealed he’d been shot in the stomach. The wound, untreated, was bleeding profusely into the mud.
John motioned for William to sit. In a rare move of his former self, he refused, standing tall and folding his arms across his chest.
An hour later, both young men were still naked, now lying on the couch and eating noodles. The sun had set and the room was dark, save for a small lit lamp on the desk. Sherlock was half on John’s chest, his impossibly long legs stretched over the end of the couch.
“I’ll help you move to London,” John said. “I can’t promise anything more than that.”
John’s mouth dropped open in disbelief. He had never heard the man utter one negative word about the family in all the years he’d been at Halidon Hall.
“You did what!”
Upon closer inspection, three old, dusty coffins, unopened, sat perched on carved shelves.
Felipe nodded. “I have a dozen symptomatic. But by the end of the week…”
It was close to noon when the the bell sounded from downstairs. John heard Mrs Turner open the door.
He was startled by a figure in the corner. He turned for a better look.
You wrote this, correct?”
“Mm, one of them, at least,” said Felipe, barely glancing at statue. “We’ll come in to the village for the Good Friday parade next week. My only advice is to stay out of the kitchen. My sister is the empress of the pots and pans, and her punishment is swift and painful.”
Irene leaned forward and whispered. “You’re looking a bit peaky, dear. Would you like a bit of dry toast?”
“They are usually correct,” replied Sherlock. “I spend most of my time playing music instead of conversing.”
Sherlock glanced down at him. “You think so?”
“I’ve got surgery. It can’t wait.”
Sherlock sipped his Mrs. Hudson approved soup and soon after, began to nod off in front of the fire. John helped him up and over to the bed.
“Aye, finally we’ll get to fire our rifles at a real target,” said his friend Bill. “Hopefully our inactivity hasn’t atrophied your eyes.”
Yes, John owed it to William to take him to London. He’d settle him in, ask Mr. Thomas to check in on him from time to time. It was going to all work out fine.
---------------
John looked over and saw a soldier, complete with his tall hat and sword, sitting next to him. His red uniform was tidy and his mustache was gloriously combed and styled.
"What's your name?"
“Yes,” mumbled William in response. He was scouring the bookshelves, and pulled out a large, brown cumbersome binder from the bottom shelf by the window.
“Oh,” John whispered.
“It’s your bedroom,” John muttered, obviously much more interested in sipping his tea.
Molly sighed as she picked up the tray, but upon entered the living room, she found it empty, save for Sherlock standing on the sofa, staring at his photographs pinned to the wall.
“Do you have a better idea?”
He clapped the tempo, and the band played, as if nothing had happened.
John broke the kiss, violently pulling Sherlock's hips up with the crook of his forearm, forcing Sherlock's, round, plump arse further in the air. John braced himself on the shower wall with a splayed hand and began fucking Sherlock deeply, his hips moving in a slow, steady rhythm. Sherlock grunted, his hand scrambling to grip John's forearm holding him tight, his other hand keeping his forehead propped up to keep the water from running up his nose. John's thrusts became violent, the pocket door jiggling in rhythm with the their lovemaking.
Sherlock sat, dumbfounded. “Brown?”
“We’re fine!” yelled John. “We just lost a, uh, an earring and we’re looking for it.”
As soon as he cleared the hospital doors, he took off towards the flat in a dead run.
“I d--don't know,” Sherlock stammered.
John stared at him, waiting for a glimmer of recognition in the older man’s eyes, yet nothing appeared.
“Let me see you,” begged Sherlock.
Victor nodded back, carefully keeping his gaze from Sherlock.
“Have you slept at all?” Sherlock mumbled.
John smiled. "I'll be fine.” Raibert walked by and popped open a beer, sitting heavily onto the couch.  He stared up at them both. “Besides, I could use the distraction,” he said, shaking his head.
John had never felt another person’s lips on him, and it was hot and wet and wonderful. He kept his hips still and let Sherlock take him and do what he wished. John began to mimic Sherlock’s moves with his own mouth. It wasn’t long before Sherlock sobbed and groaned and came easily onto John’s tongue. The sudden warmth and bitter taste gave John an adrenaline rush. He spent himself into Sherlock’s mouth as he continued to lick and suck and swallow him down.
“Uh, medical student,” John corrected. “I’ve still got a couple of weeks before its official.”
“Who could it be at this late hour?” murmured John.
“I love you, John,” he whispered, settling himself into the crook of John's shoulder. There they laid for a good half hour, enjoying each other’s bodies and warmth and breath.
“I’m at the inn, uh, la posada…”
Sherlock’s hands trembled.
John looked away then, sentiment overwhelming him. When he could finally speak, he found Sherlock staring at him, his hands folded in front of him as if patiently awaiting his response.
Felipe nodded.
“I did not wish to pull you away from your holiday, but a very delicate matter has come to my attention that you will undoubtedly be playing quite a role in unraveling.”
--------------
John shook his head. “You don’t understand,” he said, pointing to the curtained room. “I can’t do this.”
John didn't make it to Luss. He instead ended up on the other side of the world.
He immediately closed up the clock and walked carefully down the hallway towards the bed chambers. He gasped when he saw smoke billowing from under the nursery door.
“Will you take over?” Sherlock suddenly asked. He trembled as he twisted his hips, not wanting to admit how awkward he felt.
“Dear God, are you crying?
“Ye-yes” said the young man, his head bowed.
“Molly?”
Sherlock paused and looked straight at John.
Mrs. Hudson was especially concerned regarding Sherlock's health. She insisted on creating special menu for the ailing patient and called for hot water baths for the both of them. No one argued with her, including John. He felt a lot better after washing the weeks of travel of his poor, tired body. After a few hours, he woke Sherlock and helped him into the bath. He washed his hair, scrubbed him down and dried him off.
“On your knees,” Sherlock said, roughly forcing John to the ground. John's eyes flashed up in gratitude, then unbuttoned the bespoke trousers to pull out his lover’s cock.  John sucked his prick violently, slowing and pulling off as soon as Sherlock got close to coming, then starting all over with a nimble tongue and a wandering hand.
John bowed slightly and left making his way back down the stairs. He stopped midway to catch himself as his emotions welled over.
“Parlez-vous English?” asked John. He held out his hand. “John Watson.”
He read it quickly as he walked.
“I told you -!” Felipe lowered his voice as heads from the fields snapped their way. “Where did you get the money?”
“I know,” said Sherlock, looking warily at John. “And no, I'm not a student.”
“What do you mean ‘you paid it’?”
As he swallowed him down, John had the foresight to use his free hand again to cover Sherlock's mouth. Deep moans vibrated against his fingers as John sucked him and opened him with skilled, tiny thrusts.
John steeled himself against the dread filling his chest.
Which is why when he invited her to tag along during his work, he hadn’t expected her to turn so...clingy. Almost...fragile.
“I wouldn’t say that,” he said softly.  “But I do see why you love him.”
“That’s what Mrs. Hudson called us. Her Baker Street boys.” John unwisely took another gulp of his gin. “221B Baker Street.”
“I heard you that night, in your room,” William whispered. “Making love. I tried not to listen, but I couldn’t help myself.”
“Now, Mycroft, on the other hand - ” he heard himself say.
“I know I’ll be taking a stroll along Friedrichstraße. I’ve heard there’s a cafe there that has electrical lighting inside.”
Sherlock held his finger to his lips, looking straight at John. John stopped and listened in spite of his frustration. His eyes grew wide as he nodded his head; he'd heard it too.
It was finally Sherlock’s stomach that summoned them from their lie in.
She turned on the hot water and tried without success to keep the tears from falling down her cheeks.
“Key to a safety deposit box...Fidelity Trust and Savings in Berwick Upon Tweed,” he murmured.
As John turned the corner Land’s End, he caught sight of the stables off to his right.
Sherlock didn’t move. John refused to look him in the eye.
“That’s quite all right. But, the four of us?” John asked.
..meaning he could take it away again. Sherlock knew that’s what John feared the most; returning to a life in service.
"Stop," John said breathlessly.
“Besides, you don’t need me to go to London,” he said, a little more calmly. “You have the money and the inclination.”
“James Stuart was the firstborn son of Matthew’s grandfather, Bertie Stuart. But family lore states he and his father had a falling out, so he became a missionary in Africa.”
“Unbelievable,” muttered John. “Are there confirmed cases inside the city walls?”
“Nothing,” he answered wearily. He stood and briefly warmed himself by the fire before turning toward his bedroom. “Goodnight.”
“Everything is in order, Lord Holmes,” said the woman. “Your meals will be delivered as requested at 8am every morning in the kitchen. Your valet is welcome to put any items you would like serviced outside the back door. And your bath is ready.”
“The Boers are not behaving,” said Mycroft, as he took a small helping of potatoes off the platter held before him. “I gather our involvement will only grow.”
He sat the full bottle in front of John. John looked at it, and then picked it up and took a generous swig. He grimaced as he swallowed it down. He started coughing as the liquid caught his chest on fire.
"Being a surgeon," said John, shaking his head. "A fancy name for a butcher."
Victor smiled, his dimple striking a pose next to his ample lips. “Well, he’s tough. But if he believes in you, he’ll make you believe in yourself,” he said.
Felipe quickly looked up and forced a smile.
Sherlock slowly moved his hips back and forth, up and down, his arms reaching back, his hands gripping John’s thighs as they moved in a firm, gentle rhythm.  Sherlock moaned in pleasure as John thrusted faster, then harder, then deeper until Sherlock could feel the coarse hair of John's groin tickling his behind.
“There are no plans to end my studies prematurely.”
A comfortable silence passed between them as they listened to the birds chirp. A rabbit and her three kits hopped by, smelling the air and disappearing into the brush.
“We could go through the office.”
, he thought.
“Sherlock,” he said, still catching his breath. “Can you hear me?”
Sherlock looked away. “Very well,” he said.
“Tastes fine to me.”
It was mid-morning, but William in his room with the door shut, most likely fast asleep. He’d been on a two day ransacking binge of all of Sherlock’s old microscope slides. William had memorized every one and catalogued it accordingly.
When John finally awoke, a woman whom he did not recognize was by his side. As he stirred, she gave him some water and then disappeared, only to return with Peter and another tall, dark haired man.
For six long months, he’d watched Sherlock deteriorate physically and emotionally. There were moments in his drunken stupor that he would become unbelievably cruel, his tongue pure acid, spewing threats and insults at John, who tried to ignore it all as he helped him into bed or the bath. Sherlock didn't remember, of course, or at least he never gave any indication that the outbursts were anything but ramblings of a man slowly losing his mind.
“John! Over there!”
Sherlock threaded his fingers through John’s and held on tight.
“There you are,” he whispered. “You’ve been out for quite a while.”
Just then, Sherlock’s fingers ambled passed a piece of loose stone and pushed into an invisible hole in the wall.
“You should have woken me,” scolded John, picking up Sherlock’s clothing that he’d managed to throw all over the room. “I didn’t realise you were back.”
“Get some sleep, William. You can’t just not sleep.”
“John! John!” he yelled. “Don’t I’ll come!”
“Of course!” Sherlock’s crystal eyes feigned excitement. “Who doesn’t know Professor Richard Brook!”
They both collapsed onto the grass, a mess of dirt, sweat and come. They lay there, silent, until Sherlock began to giggle.
“Si, si senora.”
“Yes?” he managed, his heart racing.
“221B Baker Street,” answered Sherlock.
The main thoroughfare was bustling with people and animals. Men in turbans were selling fruit and grains. Women with covered hair walked by with baskets full of wash or food balanced on top of their heads. Burros carrying burdensome loads stood patiently as their owners talked animatedly in the streets. Dogs slept peacefully in the shade as children played in the arched doorways.
Yes, it’s all good and fine that Sherlock was back, but she mustn’t lose her head; she was spoken for. She had moved on.
John had ever so slightly swept his tongue over those welcoming lips when William suddenly pulled away. The shock of his absence was so sudden John froze in place, unsure what he had done to make the perfect moment disappear. William had done an about-face, and was leaned over himself in a painful coughing fit that lasted almost a full, agonizing minute. John ran to the kitchen to fix him a glass of his honey concoction, and William drank it down as soon as he was able.
It began to steadily pour, quickly erasing the precious evidence in the mud.
John got out of the bath and went into the adjoining bedroom. There on the bed were silk pyjamas. He rubbed the fabric between his fingers, then carefully slid them on his body. They were a little long for him, but they still felt glorious against his tired skin. He padded out to the sitting room, where Sherlock sat in similar clothing in front of a serving tray of food.
Sherlock unbuttoned and removed his damp shirt, and in doing so accidentally dropped his cuff links.
“Bath’s ready,” John said. “It’s hot. Take it now, it’s cooling fast.”
“This is quite lovely,” he remarked.
A loud sob escaped from deep within John’s chest. He cleared his throat in embarrassment, but he couldn't stop the emotion bubbling up to the surface. He struggled and took a deep breath, then tried to speak, but nothing came out. The tears welled up in his eyes and he immediately looked up to keep them from spilling out.
He heard screaming and crying as the governess fluttered down the hallway. Lady Irene was being held back by the Earl. John was out of breath, but he pulled little William from his jacket and handed him forward.
“What did I -” John said, clearing his throat. “What did I actually promise you?”
That evening was one of the most exciting of John’s life. The man was indeed murdered, evident by a small puncture wound in his side. Sherlock determined the murderer was a household servant or vendor, once they discovered a secret service door behind the bookshelf.
“Perhaps,” answered Felipe. His expression was kind but wary, as if he didn’t want to approach the sore subject between them, but was going to anyway. “I need fresh air. Is there someplace we can go? Someplace quiet?”
Sherlock knew he was near, but when the voice called out behind the locker room and Jim Moriarty strolled out, it took every ounce of his energy to keep himself still. The image of tackling the little bitch into the pool and drowning him with his bare hands made Sherlock brave, though his insides were shaking harder than he could ever remember them shaking.
The wind temporarily shook the shutters as the rain battered the house. Sherlock turned towards the fireplace, his chin taught, lips pressed together in anger.
“I have no idea how I am,” he admitted, glancing over at the Spaniard. “I feel turned inside out, most of the time. I don’t know if I’m coming or going.” He stopped and looked at Felipe head on. “I know I haven’t been fair to you, and I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m still here.”
“And you went on to London?”
John guided the leaking sex into his mouth and sucked.
Utterly devastated,  Sherlock slumps back against the wall, attempting to process the happenings of the last few moments, when -
With a bit of regret, John pulled himself out of Sherlock's mouth, catching the dripping saliva with his hand. He lowered himself onto Sherlock’s sweat soaked body and with a practiced move, pushed Sherlock’s thighs up as he pressed his cock against his pulsing, loose entrance.
“Your welcome. And hey -,” he called out to Sherlock, who had just turned to go in the door. “We have an informal group practice every Monday night, 4th floor lounge. You’re welcome to join us.” He nodded at Sherlock’s violin case. “I’m concert band, fourth year,” he said, winking. “First violin.”
“I ought to knock you flat on your arse,” growled John.
Finally, the man called out to the group. The crowd began to dissipate, until there was no one left in the street.
“Take off your coat,” said Sherlock, peeling the jacket off his shoulders.
William’s eyes narrowed. “Meaning?”
“Sherlock,” John whimpered desperately. He closed his eyes, but Sherlock had seen the shame in them.  It shattered his heart into pieces.
Sherlock and John had the Sliver stripped clean by the time the sun was setting the next day. Wiggins had stopped by to give his farewells. In a desperate attempt to control public fallout, Cromwell’s Board of Directors issued immediate diplomas to all seniors in good standing plus generously discounted the semester’s tuition. Wiggins was taking the refund and blowing it on a trip to Ibiza.
For days, Sherlock barely slept and took his meals in his room. John rarely had a moment to speak with him, and never alone. Mycroft was busy briefing him on Parliament when he was awake, and the rest of the time he wished to be alone, sitting in front of the fire in his bed chamber drinking bottle after bottle of brandy.
He had refused to open the letter right away. Carefully he placed the Bible inside his bag and instinctively made his way to the train station. Sherlock patiently walked beside him without a word.
"Maybe we can do that after."
A crowd of fifteen men stood in a semicircle in front of the hospital, holding knives, swords and rocks. The same man that John had confronted several days before stepped forward and shouted at him angrily.
“Sherlock,” he whispered.
Sherlock glanced at the conducting baton collection on the wall. Brook's face lit up.
He turned when he heard the door open. Though flaccid, he was hung like a fucking horse, and his chest, broad and muscled, was covered in thin, reddish hair with a trail leading down to his impressive groin.  His face, sporting a neatly trimmed auburn beard, was handsome and friendly, though his eyes possessed an intelligence his demeanor didn't express.
So they lived happily for nearly a decade, joined together by their minds as much as their hearts. Though they were very careful in public to appear only as friends, when the doors of 221B locked for the evening, they were as informal and loving as any besotted couple.
Sherlock read the letter quickly and was on his feet in a flash.
The Spaniard worked him slowly and tenderly, opening John one tiny movement at a time. He encourage John to suck him as he kept his fingers buried deep, every moment of pleasure relaxing the young surgeon just a little more until he was writhing with sweat and anticipation. He begged Felipe to enter him, but Felipe still refused. The Spaniard leaned down and sucked him lazily, his fingers holding him open and twisting ever so slightly, searching for that special place inside of him. John whined with pleasure as he was stimulated, amazed he had yet to come from all of Felipe’s skilled caresses.
Sherlock was genuinely thrilled with the invitation. He didn’t hesitate to respond.
Miraculously, Sherlock hit his cue, and played perfectly. Brook still forced him to stop halfway through.
A hint of confusion fills Sherlock’s fine features before he nods and positions his instrument under his chin. He chooses a difficult piece he has practiced many times, his agile frame slowly relaxing into the flow of the music, moving in time with the notes.  The swell of the crescendo is deafening, soulful, and beautiful as it descends softly, the ending, light, lovely as the last note floats away. Sherlock lowers the violin, and looks hopefully at Brook.
“Tell me it’s not you, Elmer Fudd.”
“Sherlock, can you hear me?” said the man.
“May I? ”he asked, pointing at the door.
John noticed the tuning had stopped. He looked up at William who was now standing between the parlour and the kitchen.
John tried not to giggle, but failed. He pulled the perp to his feet
Sherlock immediately went to speak to Victor during the break, but he was nowhere to be found. He checked all over, even the rooftop, but he seemed to have disappeared. Sherlock resigned himself to a smoke outside by the dumpster. A bad feeling came over him, but he decided he was overreacting. Victor would reappear at 3:30pm to play the last solo, and then, Sherlock would invite him out for a drink. Maybe he could convince him to turn Brook over to the police.
“No bed,” he slurred. “Couch.”
The next few months were nothing short of pure torture for John Watson.
They were only a few blocks from his cousin’s flat when Sherlock smelled it: the fresh smell of baking bread, cinnamon and apples wafting from the large bakery just a few paces away. Sherlock stopped in his tracks, his heart falling to his feet as the memory echoed in his head:
His eyes flew open as a large, cool hand swept aside the matted hair on his forehead. Felipe leaned over him and kissed his lips softly.
“I'm not patronizing you. I did it because I care about you and your family and what you do here. This place is special Felipe, can't you see that? I couldn't live with myself if I did nothing.”
John greedily licked his lips as he watched the pink entrance flutter, unable to close.
“Sherlock, good to see you,” he said. “I hear you have delved into the land of scientific research. What’s this I hear about a Bunsen burner?”
John felt the waves approaching. His hips thrusted up violently a few more times as he cried out Sherlock's name over and over again, filling him up for the first time and making him his.
Victor had already downed one ale and was working on his second, when he froze at Sherlock’s words.
William nodded. “I believe so. Sometimes I get this inkling that I know how to do something.” He plucked at the strings, and held it upright, listening to the sounds. “Do you mind? If it’s dreadful, I’ll know it and stop.”
John felt the blood drain from his face.
Sherlock was quickly disappearing inside himself. John didn’t understand what was happening. On the inside he began to panic. On the outside, he pulled Sherlock into his arms and embraced him.
---------------
"Idiot!" he hisses, as his fist strikes his temple in rage. After several self-berating moments, he manages to rally, his bony elbows in his shirtsleeves protruding like pencils as he packs up his violin.
“I’ll just let you - “ he said awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to intrude. I just wanted to stop by-”
“How can you talk about this with such reserve?” he exclaimed. John sipped the brandy too quickly as it was gone in a matter of seconds. Sherlock offered him more which he readily accepted. “It’s punishable by the law. You could go to gaol, or worse.”
“Mm?”
John licked his lips, his eyes burning with rage. “You don’t want to talk about it,” he repeated softly. “You’re injecting yourself with morphine and cocaine. You drink like a fish. You won’t eat. You barely sleep. And to top it off, you’re a thief.”
“He’s a smart one, like his father and uncle.” John took a swig from his canteen. “Glad he got his mother’s looks, though.”
“Sir,” she said, smiling and heading into the bedroom from whence John came.
“Oh, there goes Doctor Watson again, bragging about his apothecary. John Watson, the savior of Tangier!”
“My name is rather vazey.”
Wiggins nodded his head, his eyes wide. “You didn’t know?”
“Can you not see it from my perspective?” pleaded John. “You have all the power. ‘What I want?’ That’s a question far outside my privilege, m’lord. I dare say I never once thought about it until now.”
She had not spoken of Sherlock or of that day until yesterday, when his reflection had appeared in her locker mirror. She had fantasized of that moment; the day of his return. It would be the day she would tell him that she was in love with him, and that she didn’t care if he was a high-functioning sociopath or a temperamental snob. She would tell him he was perfect and that she loved him and she wanted to be with him forever.
“Tell me, why did you leave service to join the army? Did you want a life of adventure?”
He began to run, and grabbed the bar along the door, hoisting himself up onto the steps of the carriage. John took a step back and grabbed him around the waist to steady him.
"I slept with Raibert," Sherlock blurted out. He closed his eyes tightly and bowed his head, waiting for the fallout.
William eyed him closely.
“I’m trying your patience.”
“He woke up in a hotel room, alone, on the brink of death. The innkeeper’s mother was kind and nursed him back to health. He paid the man and his mother back by working at the inn.”
It was deep into the autumn weather when the neighbors warned them the first frost was nigh. William took great care in preparing his hives and John gathered kindling and restocked the coal supply. The wind turned cold the next afternoon but they both kept working through the plummeting temperature. John took care to seal the window in William’s room and gathered more blankets for the bed. He had the main hearth in the kitchen going all day, with a kettle of simmering potato and bacon soup ready for eating as soon as the sun set.
John tried to speak, but his face crumpled. Deep sobs escaped from his throat as Mr Frank stepped forward and held him.
He yelped and fell to the ground. The crowd behind him hesitated, but the man began to shout orders at them, motioning for them to attack.
, she thought.
John tucked his knees under his chin. He dared look up at Felipe, whose beautiful brown eyes were red and glistening with tears.
Victor swallowed heavily. “How'd you know?”
John chuckled. “Alright. But I can’t believe you’re stealing my housekeeper away. I’m assuming you're moving back to Berwick.”
“Easy now,” John commanded. “Who are you?”
Sherlock, riddled with confusion, replied simply, earnestly. “But they are your family, John.”
The two men lived as if they were married, sharing a bed, but John still worried about appearances. In the beginning, he kept up the pretense of inhabiting the second bedroom, though Sherlock insisted it was not necessary. Mrs. Hudson knew the situation and frankly, didn’t care one bit what they did behind closed doors. Yet, John continued the facade, until one morning Mrs. Hudson finally spoke up.
“I’ve known since I was young that my attraction to the fairer sex was dormant, if not missing altogether” he stated with calm acceptance. “I had tremendous affection for the hall boy when I was eight, and later, I couldn’t make eye contact with one of our footmen lest I retreated to the library for a book to place in my lap.”
John knowing the answer, offered him half the sandwich. Sherlock took it.
He then licked and kissed his tightened testicles and slid his tongue up and down his cleft. When he kissed his opening again, it had loosened a little, and John daringly slid his tongue a bit inside.
He died on a Thursday afternoon.
The howl from deep inside his soul was undetectable for several seconds before it vibrated against back of his throat. John fought for breath as he keened softly, pressing his fists firmly into the mattress between his knees.
John's days were filled with footman work. Once and awhile, a guest would arrive without a valet and he’d reassume his duties. He’d hoped that with Sherlock gone he could move past his desires. He even thought about making it with one of the village maidens during the spring festival. She was ready and experienced and he only had to say the word, but something in him kept him on his own. Maybe it was what Sherlock had said, about being alone protecting him. Maybe that was true. John had been alone for years. He had managed to survive after losing everything, and the thought of really connecting with someone, for even a moment, left him riddled with anxiety.
“Don’t even think it,” John growled, out of breath, jamming the gun hard into the man’s skull.
John kissed him back, enjoying the feeling of his full lips. It was a heady feeling to know they were alone. There was no one around to interrupt.
“Well -” stammered Mr. Thomas.
On the third day, John began to feel weak, and by midday had all but collapsed in exhaustion. The village doctor ordered him to immediate bed rest, but it was too late - a fever developed soon after, and John, as Peter had predicted, fell severely ill.
Sherlock was now a patient, desperate for his help. He would do everything within his power to make sure he found a healing path.
John laughed. “I don’t know I kind of like you like this,” he said as he took a big gulp of water.
Sherlock didn’t turn, but answered.
John shook his head. John had written once to tell Felipe of William’s recovery and the impending move to Sussex Downs. Felipe had written once to tell of a successful harvest and the farm’s first profit in over a decade. Neither had written much of a personal nature, nor had written each other since.
John felt the strong, capable hand grip him, the touch sending shivers down his tailbone and into his groin. He felt himself stir. He took a deep shaky breath as the Spaniard bent his head and leaned in.
John slipped his hand in between their abdomens and gave Sherlock several slick tugs. He continued to stroke him as he made love to him, his hips grinding and trembling as he took his pleasure from the body pinned beneath him.
A man, 6 foot 3 inches tall, stood stark naked in front of the television set. His back was to the two men, revealing two strong legs the size of tree trunks, a round, firm ass attached to a well-defined back that traveled up in a perfect "V", ending at two broad shoulders harboring a pair of long, muscled arms.
So much heat, tongue applying pressure in all the right places, so wet. John released within seconds into Felipe's mouth, his hips bucking helplessly into his generous, firm lips.
Dr. Brook sat behind a huge polished mahogany desk. He stood up as Sherlock entered. Brook again was impeccably dressed and groomed.
“Wonderful,” said Sherlock, gloating at Mycroft.
Felipe sighed unabashedly as a thumb briefly stroked his nipple. His head dipped forward as his mouth released John's wet, red lips.
Brook laughed. “Victor isn’t coming back, Sherlock.”
Donovan shifted uncomfortably “When I told him, he just - left.”
Sherlock cracked a smile for the first time in days. He sat gingerly on the edge of the couch, but John immediately pulled him down on top of him, kissing Sherlock sweetly and holding him close.
“Enough!” John barked.
“How's that wound? Itching to hell’s gate and back I'm sure,” he said, gently tipping Felipe’s chin back to inspect the dressing. “Looks good though, no sign of infection.”
The Spaniard's long fingers held onto the smaller man’s trembling thighs, a hand sliding up every few moments to palm one of the mounds bracketing his face.
“You’re gorgeous, you know that?” cooed Brook. “You’re cheekbones are exquisite.” His brushed the side of his index finger along Sherlock’s left cheek. Sherlock jerked way, genuinely shocked.
“Now your taking the piss.”
“I don't know what happened,” he said, his breath uneven. The harder he tried to hold in his sobs the easier they escaped from his lips. “I don’t make mistakes, John. I've went over it again and again. It makes no
John slipped one of Sherlock’s nipples into his mouth and sucked. Sherlock brought his hand to the back of John’s neck and pulled him off.  Their eyes locked in a challenge of wills.
John’s domination of his aching, sex-starved body ironically filled Sherlock with a sense of freedom.
The two men sat on the porch for a long while, listening to the frogs sing and the locusts whine. The sun had almost set, and the shadows had grown so long they’d finally disappeared.
John arrived around 10pm, just as Cromwell’s final class let out. They sat and watched the campus slowly empty as John sipped a soda and munched on some crisps and Sherlock chain-smoked his cigarettes. Sherlock discreetly watched the young medical student check the secured flap of his old rucksack a dozen times as they waited.
“-I wouldn't take no for an answer?”
John didn’t even try to act indignant by Donovan’s seemingly callous remark. They were both practical men, and they were both thinking the exact same thing.
John ran his fingers lightly through Sherlock's curls. "Wanna talk about it?"
“Yes, Molly?”
“What?” asked John innocently. He leaned in and whispered. “I’ll see you tonight.”
“While I was convalescing in Tangier, Dr. Canales came to see me.”
William shook his head. “But that’s just it. You could have died tonight. And for what?” He sat his glass down on the end table and leaned forward. “The Yard is perfectly capable. I just don’t see the point.”
The question hung in the air like an icicle.
“Please.”
“So you believe this would be good for my memory.”
John’s heart leapt into this throat.
“Can’t hurt, can it?” he mumbled, as he picked up a small pile of papers from his desk and handed them to William.
John crawled back into bed with Sherlock and stared at the envelope in his hand.
John managed to open his mouth, his words unsteady and breathless.
Now, in the morning light, fully rested and fed, John felt the oppressive weight that had been lying on his chest for the past year slowly dissipate. He began to breath without pain as he smiled and nodded at Felipe’s descriptions.
“But you’re Sherlock Holmes.”
“If you kissed me?”
Sherlock shook his head feebly. “Stop.”
“I don’t understand.”
The roar of the falls easily absorbed his pleas. John dropped to his stomach and leaned as far as he could over the cliff.
“Have a seat, Sherlock,” he said firmly.
And he had Sherlock Holmes on his side. If a situation were to arise, the dowager marchioness wouldn't know what hit her.
John was struck dumb. He thought of denying it, but instead just blinked at the older woman.
Sherlock released the headboard and wrapped his arms around his lover’s solid back, palms eventually slipping down to hold onto a small, tight behind.
“Quite a brute, isn’t he,” said Brook, laughing. “I bet he can fuck like a champ though. I get it, Sherlock. Working class dogs are a fetish of mine too.” Brook licked his lips, his eyes giving John’s body a thorough look.
The detective inspector entered 221B and extended his hand. John shook it and smiled.
Sherlock growled in frustration as he began to play again, just as a string on his bow broke. He threw the Reichenbach sheet music sheets angrily across the room, then glared at the metronome still clicking away.  He picked it up and slammed it against the stone wall, breaking it to pieces.
He also tried to ignore the fact that since his return, Sherlock had not once spoken to him - or even made eye contact -unless it was for a strictly professional reason. John was determined to give him time to adjust being back home. He had no idea what Sherlock had been up to in South Africa, but he was worried. His heart ached to give him comfort.
Friedrich August Kekulé von Stradonitz greeted Sherlock enthusiastically as his carriage pulled up to the building. He was a handsome man in his fifties, impeccably dressed and groomed and spoke with a rich, elegant accent. He warmly introduced himself to John, and John addressed him back in broken German, which he seemed to appreciate. They all squeezed into the cab to Reinstoff.
Brook smiled, but then, his face contorted into a sneer as he shouted. “That’s enough!” He glared at the room. “Reichenbach Concerto, from the top.”
Felipe stopped peeling and placed a large hand on John’s. He looked at him kindly.
William gave up and returned to the parlour as John settled into his makeshift bed. He read for a while by lamplight, listening to William strum and pick at the old violin. It was late when he heard the bedroom door open and then shut. John blew out his lamp and snuggled in, falling right to sleep.
---------------
Sherlock broke down again.
The orchestra played the first movement of Reichenbach for the initial round of competition. The band was in near perfect form, and Victor wowed the judges with his solo. The band easily slid into the finals. Now it was a waiting game, the judges deciding when to call them back into play their final piece.
He turned and continued across the courtyard. Felipe had no choice but to let him walk away.
“Snap! We’ve got Perlman here,” he shouted.
“Either way I cry,” he joked, his voice cracking in relief.
“What was simple?”
Felipe poured him a glass from the canter.
Sherlock turned the corner and there, in front of him, was a beautiful, underground spring with a small waterfall tumbling down smooth, large stones. The waterfall was just big enough for him to step behind it. There, he found a shallow cave, and buried under a large, dirty tarp, a generator.
“What do you know of my mind?” he snapped.
William adamantly shook his head. “No. I want to go someplace new. Where no one knows me. Quiet. I want to keep bees.”
“Oi, Felipe…” stuttered John, suddenly unsure how to comfort the man next to him.
John laughed, making Sherlock’s stomach twist into knots.
"Sounds lovely, John."
Sherlock reached back and turned the key in the lock.
To which Sherlock had responded, “Then I’m quite the entrepreneur.”
“No, don't-” protested John.
He looked up at John. Recognition flooded his beautiful, crystal eyes, softening into a gentle repose. He managed a small smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
His mood was changed when he stepped through the doors of 221B Baker street and saw Sherlock with his experiments. Sherlock slammed his fist on the table.
Sherlock - William - swallowed to compose himself.
William didn’t answer. He just stared at the fire.
“Noted, Doctor.”
With a twinkle in his eye, he turned and rumbled down the steps, his long coat trailing behind him like a cape.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d figure this all a ruse.”
He frowned when he realized it was from Mycroft.
John whipped around. Sherlock smiled devilishly back at the young surgeon, pleased with pulling off his planned surprise.
He was halfway to the entrance when the door opened, and in bustled a rather cantankerous Mr. Thomas.
He then turned to John. “I’m sorry, Johnny,” he said. “Your mother is in a very bad way. I can only make her comfortable.”
“William -”
Oh, what had he done?
“You have good taste, John Watson. It is never wasted on one who appreciates.”
The whole consultive detective obsession started with a paragraph in the Times about a murder in Notting Hill.
“You were the best.”
Sherlock struck his bow against the strings and played, at first easily keeping up with Brooks’s pace, then struggled, then fell embarrassingly behind.
Mr Thomas, Liza and the cook stood alongside John and watched helplessly as his mother suffocated. Her labored breathing eventually, painfully stilled.
He held the note over his heart and wept, until his eyes grew heavy and he fell into a fitful sleep.
“Violin.”
The world began to spin. He wanted to vomit. He wanted to
“Go on,” said Felipe, breaking the silence.
Sherlock’s face flickered with emotion, but John was too slow to comprehend its meaning. He sunk a little lower in his chair, fist under his chin, remembering.
John turned and left. Sherlock continued to look after him, like he’d just met an earthly angel.
The funeral was simple. The family paid for it and his mother was buried in the Berwick cemetery, though he wished he had the money to transport her to Luss to be buried there next to his father. His grief was enormous, but he was thankful for Mr Frank and Mr Thomas and Liza and the housekeeper. Their kindness and friendship pulled him out of his dark moments. Mr Frank especially worked to keep John engaged. He taught him extra skills beyond his footman duties, including valet protocol and how to wind the hallway clocks.
Sherlock helped sit him down into a chair by the fire.
John cocked his head and peered at Sherlock. There was just enough light to see the solemn expression on his face
A rush of heat, just a rush of something, and Sherlock was whimpering into Raibert’s mouth. “Fuck me, fuck me,” he heard himself whine. And that huge cock filled him up, and Sherlock felt no pain, and he rode him for what felt like days, gripping the back of his thick, muscled neck, rubbing his cheek against his sweaty forehead, grinding his leaking cock against his rippled stomach.
The two men ate in silence while listening to the sounds of the wind rustle the grass and limbs. John finished his sandwich and slid to the ground, his back reclining against the cool rock.
“The Six Napoleons.”
Sherlock opened his eyes just as John palmed his own swollen cock through his jeans. He unzipped his fly and unabashedly shoved his hand inside his pants, stroking his erection.
The sun slipped behind the horizon. John had held on the Spaniard like he would disappear the same way. It wasn't until the darkness loomed over them that he became aware of the time.
“I can’t do this,” said John, backing away.
Sherlock nodded, fat tears dropping from his translucent eyes and down his cheeks. Instead of calming him, John’s words seemed to cause him more distress. His body withered and shrank down into itself.
“I’ve thoroughly reviewed Dr. Watson’s record of the past cases he solved,” William said. “I am up to date on our history.”
Mycroft shook his head. “I don’t know John.”
“Why are you still here?” Sherlock asked haughtily.
Sherlock suddenly felt terribly cold and he shivered, holding his arms across his chest, warming his shoulders. He didn't have the energy for this. He couldn't face this now, not after what he'd done.
Sherlock took the handkerchief from John's grasp. He rubbed the cloth between his fingers, as if studying it carefully.
“I shut it down six years ago.”
“Nonsense,” said Irene. “You will always be welcome here.”
The image was a bit smeared for John’s taste, but he could clearly make out a man wrapped in a bunch of blankets sitting on top of a large animal with four long legs and an even longer neck.
“Komm, tanz mit mir,” he said, nodding towards Fritz and Friederich, who were still swaying in each other's arms.
“Tangier,” John said, quickly understanding the severity of the problem. “They have to shut off the main waterways.”
John pointed the rifle and knocked a small rock off a fence post 1000 metres away. Bill whistled in awe.
“Are you sure?”
John stood up as calmly as he could, and said evenly, “We’ve had our drink. It’s late. We should go,” he said.
Dear Dr. Watson,
One of the maids led them up three flights of stairs to the servant's quarters, where at the end of a narrow hallway was a room just big enough for two beds and a wash basin. A window overlooking the east courtyard made the room cheerful, and John happily jumped on one of the beds and smiled at his mother.
John had found it difficult to eat and speak throughout dinner, and since he’d been called upon multiple times to comment on the conversation, his misery seemed never ending. The source of his torture was that Mr. Thomas had appeared out of nowhere to help serve the evening’s food. A huge lump had formed in John’s throat as he recognized the sweet, kind man who had helped look after him during his formative years. He kept looking for any sort of recognition in the older man’s eyes, but so far, he’d seen not even a hint of familiarity.
He stretched his huge arms above his head, and John couldn’t help but notice the expanse of his long, muscled torso, the flat planks of his abdomen that led to a lovely curve of his hip…
The spring was surprisingly clear and full of fish. Sherlock peered into the water, looking for clues. He found two sets of footprints along the rocky bank that led back up to the generator. Both mysteriously disappeared at the cave’s wall.
The strangler didn’t acknowledge William’s declaration - he just continued to glare at the gun pointed at him.
Sherlock grinned.
Voices beyond the thicket startled both men into separating. They rounded the corner into the main path along the pond, and walked like two friends returning from an evening stroll.
Sherlock glanced at Molly and grinned. “Yes. Friend.” His eyes flickered down her body for just a moment, and then in a split second he was out the door.
Sherlock reached over and threaded his fingers through John’s. He kissed him gently on the temple.
Brook erupted. “Then why the FUCK didn’t you say so?!”
Felipe stopped chewing as John shot a look at the former footman, his mouth opening in surprise.
“More or less. Stories.”
“Sherlock,” John said breathlessly as he lost his composure. He blinked and the tears streamed down his cheeks. He held Sherlock’s delicate wrist to his lips and wiped his eyes with his sleeve.
Sherlock finished the sentence for him.
He placed the baton back in the case after a brief pause, and hit the control pad, shutting the glass slide.
“Guilt?” Lestrade answered. “Shame? Holmes prides himself on his ability to observe others. He missed something this time. The consequences were for him - for anyone really - unbearable.”
“I can’t do what you ask,” he said, his breath heavy, his chest heaving with want. “I’ll never be able to make love to you just once.”
Sitting upon the camel was a spitting image of...himself?
“Victor,” Sherlock said softly.
“No, Dr. Watson.”
“On the contrary,” said Sherlock boldly. “I find it rather refreshing.”
John turned to see Sherlock with a bemused look on his face.
“It’s quite breathtaking. Glass walls, modern finishes” said Sherlock. “I play there on Monday evenings with a group from the higher level orchestra.”
Sherlock rocked his hips and licked teasingly at the smaller man’s palm.
Sherlock nodded. Brooks clapped, when out of nerves, Sherlock accidentally struck the strings early.
He wondered who the Spaniard was, what his story might be, and how someone so important, kind and experienced could have such faith in him.
John smiled. His nephew looked on the verge of tears.
“Almost ten years. Until injury forced me out.”
“In retaliation, the family was tortured and killed,” he said sadly. “Including children.”
"People usually tell me to piss off,” Sherlock replied, a ghost of a smile playing on his ample lips.
“M’lord,” he muttered softly.
Felipe snorted softly. “The fucking bugs aren’t aware of our borders. The blight loves the vine in Sant Sadurni d’Anoia as much as Bordeaux.” His confident demeanor seemed to sag a little. “Every year it eats up more and more of our crop. Last year, we didn’t produce enough to make profit. But that’s not the worst part.”
“You do know those trousers cost 4 thousand pounds?”
“Why? So I can help him carry a tray or collect his lordship's clothing off the floor?” remarked Anderson.
Felipe shook his head. “It’s too late,” he said. “All the diplomats and city officials fled to the sea as soon as they heard.” He sat down heavily in one of the chairs, burying his head in his hands. “I tried to shut them myself but the citizens refused.”
Felipe and John's relationship becomes physical. Captain Lestrade is on a mission to find Sherlock.
Sherlock jerked his head up and narrowed his eyes.
Sherlock is silent as John turns and hoists the duffel back onto his shoulder. He hurries down the stairs. He doesn’t look back.
“This is breathtaking,” said John, looking around as they climbed a hill. Tiny farm houses with little smoke stacks dotted the landscape. Sheep and cattle grazed together on one side of the estate, while hundreds of pigs slept warmly together on the other. John had not felt so free in years.
“Wait!” yelled John after him. “Where are you going?”
“What do you mean?” said Sherlock. His head was feeling much better, but the thought of being tricked by someone like Raibert made his stomach turn.
Lestrade looked as if he were ready to collapse. John approached the officer and gathered Sherlock into his arms.
John then pulled away, and held the younger man at arms length.
Yours truly,
The room was silent but for the sounds of gentle sucking and pleasurable gasps. John’s fingers gently caressed his lover's behind as his mouth continued to work his front.
John shook his head.
"Sherlock?" whispered John.
He heard the tiny gasp pass through Sherlock’s throat.
“Well, you’ve just got to listen to the greats then. Fritz Kreisler, Perlman. You know, Toscani became “The Maestro” because Viotti threw a baton at his head.” Brook moved in closer, violating Sherlock’s space, his lips centimeters from Sherlock’s ear. “You see what I’m saying?”
Sherlock looked at him, then down at his leg.
John was quiet for a moment, as if not convinced, but finally said, “Alright then. I’ll see you Saturday. Text me if you get bored.”
“Mr Thomas, can you please arrange for a cab?” he asked. “John, you need to gather your medical bag.”
When the young Muslim didn't respond, John threw open the sitting room door and stormed inside. Ahad sat up, bleary eyed and confused.
Felipe laid down next to him, naked. He pulled John close and kissed him while unbuttoning his shirt. He slipped his trousers off and pulled him on top of him. They explored and melded together, being as loud as they wanted since no one could hear them anyway.
"What year are you?"
Sherlock reached up and pulled John’s hand down over his heart. The men slid together, chest to back, and reveled in the heat.
"Sorry...I'm, I'm sorry --
The confession punched the breath from John’s lungs. He couldn’t answer. He didn’t know
Felipe had given John a kind word, and John had been starving for it. And the way the Spaniard had looked at him- John was immediately drunk on the attention. Tall, broad chested and muscular, he was the opposite of Sherlock’s lithe, pale frame. Felipe desired him. Appreciated him. Felipe made him a surgeon. Felipe wanted to protect him, touch him, to be inside him…
John shook his head, a bit embarrassed at being found out. “Naw, found it up there,” he said, pointing at the top shelf of the bookcase. “I think Stamford’s uncle had a thing for sensation novels. There’s more behind the journals.”
The shock in the younger man’s eyes lasted only a moment, but John saw the wheels turning in that big brain. Not caring about his lost memories - that thought had never occurred to him.
He walked along the road running parallel to the shoreline. It was warm and bright, and the cool ocean breeze kept him from sweating. Halfway to the village, he stopped to watch six men haul a decent-sized boat from the water onto the rocky shoreline.  He continued on, but could barely see the tiny town before he reached it, as it was nestled up in a hill and protected from the sea. A large wall that surrounding Tangier was in the distance. He climbed the hill and entered a clover-shaped archway, and took the stairs up to the village centre.
Felipe led John away from the crowds as they walked home, the path lit only by moonlight. Leaving the celebration early guaranteed them some much needed time alone. The Spaniard slipped his hand into John's as they meandered along the path, enjoying the cool evening and privacy.
“You are upset…”
A brief silence passed between them. Both men could feel the emotions of the past fighting to get inside their moment of happiness. Sherlock sat up weakly and laid back against the cold stone wall.
“Watson,” he said softly. He sat down, his elbows on his knees, his brandy snifter in his hand. “Watson.”
“We found him.”
"All right," he sighed, stepping aside.
Word arrived from Rosenlaui that no one matching Sherlock’s description had arrived in the village. John instinctively knew this would be the case, knowing Sherlock would have eventually returned to the inn if all was well.
“If you would just listen for a moment!”
He put down his pencil and smiled at Sherlock.
“How’d you know?” Sherlock immediately turned on the charm with a big grin, though it didn’t quite reach his eyes.
A low, desperate whimper escaped from Sherlock’s throat as he slowly moved his fingers in and out, in and out, in and out.
"Sherlock," breathed John. "God, look at you. Let me fuck you. Right now.”
After the inspector left, John swooned.
“Thank you, Dr. Watson,” William said, his voice shaking with emotion. “I am in your debt.”
“Yes, the Reichenbach Falls. An hour hike up, but surely worth it for the spectacle.”
At first John was confused at the question, but then he remembered Lady Irene complaining about the lack of French wine, hearing it had something to do with the failure of the wine crop on the continent.
Sherlock swallowed, and managed to speak. “Yes…”
“Excellent news, John,” said Sherlock, trying desperately to be upbeat. “Come over to celebrate?”
"So rude," said the dark-haired man. “I’m going to teach you some manners.” He grabbed Sherlock roughly by the hair and forced him onto his knees, while the blonde pulled his arms behind him so tightly his shoulder came within a breath of dislocating.
Sherlock brought his violin to his chin, and struck his first note for Cromwell Music Conservatory.
“We should go back,” he said, clumsily gathering his paper and pencil.
“I haven’t.”
His expression crumbled in a lousy attempt to stop the sob that escaped from his throat.
“For now, yes. I’ve convinced my father to try several new grapes this year, so I’ll go back in a few months.”
“John, open up!” shouted the voice on the other side.
“Go on.”
But the man on the shore wasn’t William.
The young musician shook in his chair, holding tight to his violin. He dared not move from his seat, but every inch of his body was taut, wanting to bolt out of the door.
Her engagement ring was small yet pretty, and she admired it as she wiped the teapot down and poured in the hot water.
Sherlock reached forward and put some meat on his plate. “Help yourself.”
“‘We were’...?”said Sherlock, confused.
“You invited me to stay with you.”
"Really," said John, eyes glistening with excitement.
Sherlock reached down to stroke himself in rhythm with John’s hips. John buried his nose into his long neck in response and breathed in, his hand holding onto his mess of forming curls.
“Unfortunately, no. I was hoping to speak with Holmes,” the man answered, looking past Felipe and Mr Thomas. “He’s not with you?”
Sherlock winced at the pain, but continued to remove his shirt. He hung it up on the coat rack and sat back down, hanging his head in embarrassment. This had escalated past the point of return. Wiggins was right. Brook was dangerous.
Confusion filled the good doctor’s handsome face. “What sort of trap?”
The bubbles in the wine danced on his tongue. The liquid, bright and refreshing, made him sigh with pleasure at each sip. He laid down his notebook and slumped back into his chair, his legs stretched luxuriously out in front of him.
Sherlock didn’t dare move. The room stayed silent.
His face crumpled.
“Is that how you felt about him?”
“I hope that works out better than your last resolution,” John teased, pulling the Spaniard on top of him.
The men walked along the dark London sidewalk towards Baker Street. The smell of  rain approaching was in the wind as it blew cool air across the city. Thick clouds covered the sky as streaks of lightening lit it up in flashes, followed by the rumble of thunder.
He handed him the canteen, but the boy refused it.
Hours later, John crawled into bed with Sherlock, who was, of course, not yet asleep. He snuggled up next to him and let out a long, indulgent sigh.
------------------
“Oh God yes,” John panted.
“I never knew that story,” said Sherlock. “So when you showed up at Land's End, you had no other place to go. Which is why-”
“Now, was I rushing or I was dragging?”
“Who is it?” he asked.
John dropped his cigar.
John poured himself a glass of claret and settled into his chair with his book. He had secretly been reading Wilkie Collins's
Some news articles fell to the ground. He picked one up.
“How is your friend?” asked Felipe carefully as he peeled an orange. He offered John a slice.
John gripped Felipe’s biceps as the doctor thrusted deeply inside of him, his flat stomach rubbing against his cock over and over again. He titled his small arse up higher into the Spaniard's rolling thighs, and was struck by patterns of rainbows behind his shut eyelids as he blissfully writhed and released himself. His body spasmed with pleasure both inside and outside, his body wracked with an ecstasy he’d never known before. As he felt his slickness pour out onto his belly, he could hear Felipe’s breath momentarily stop as warmth filled him from the inside.
-------------------
“Very good,” said John, nodding his head. “Will that be all?”
“I think we both had too much to drink.”
“I was just wondering that myself,” said Felipe. “You mentioned Sherlock would often disappear while working on a case. Maybe William is distracted and forgot.”
“Do you think you’re out of tune?” Brook whispered in the young man’s ear.
He grew strong and lean, the sun darkening his skin as it lightened his hair. His posture went from one of rigid anticipation to relaxed confidence. One day, Sherlock looked out at the ocean from the house and didn’t recognise him standing in the sand. He no longer resembled the John Watson he’d brought to Morocco. This man was virile, vibrant, and no longer followed orders. He gave them.
John nodded his head grimly. “I know.”
Sherlock's gaze dropped to the floor. "I actually prefer it if you left."
Felipe stood up. He held out his hand and helped the young surgeon to his feet.
He threw open the door and had to blink a few times before he realized it really was Felipe standing on the doorstep. His heart clenched in guilt as he reached for him, pulling him inside the warm flat and out of the cold.
“I do wish to go into town,” he said.
John sat quietly by lamplight, writing the last of his story for The Strand while the case was still fresh in his memory. He laid down his pen and yawned into his palm.
"Aye," said Raibert. "Those blokes were bad news. Come on, let me buy you a drink. You've had a shitty day."
Only John got to see him this way. No one else.
“I’m coming!” yelled Sherlock. “Oh God Johnnnnn unnnnnnngggggggg”
He then gathered Sherlock into his arms and pulled him back up the head of the bed. They were both still incredibly sleepy, and they didn’t fight it but let it take them both as they fell asleep face to face in the bed.
When Sherlock finally broke the silence, he ran his fingers over the top of John’s hair, smoothing it from the sea breeze ruffling it about. He smiled admiringly at John.
“Ah,” said Victor, worried. “I don’t speak German.”
“Right.”
"Fuck me harder," he begged. Sherlock gripped his waist and thrusted deeply, once, twice, three times. John cried out each time, fighting him, trying to escape his grasp.
John pointed at the sign. “Apothecary?”
“It’s none of your business, Mycroft.”
“It has been seven days since-”
William continued to stare at the ceiling, as if awaiting John’s vehement decline.
“Catacombs,” mumbled Sherlock. “I’ve read up a bit on the building’s history,” he quickly added.
Surely he had. He couldn’t remember offhand, but he was sure that they’d had a conversation about it at some point.
“Bull tits typhoid,” he said between breaths. He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand. “Oh John, muchas gracias.”
“Stay here,” he said. “
“Interesting,” said John, his eyes wandering the room. “I’ve read about apothecaries in garrets. Medicinal herbs stored in places like this to keep the rats and the mildew out.” He stopped to inspect a large pile of petals in a scale, then stopped to read some of the literature left on the table. “It says here they found poppy pods in the rafters years after it was abandoned. They assume it was an medicinal storage unit of some sort, but they can’t be 100% sure.”
“Anything you’d like to see in London? Bit of sightseeing?”
John braced his sizzling forehead with a firm, small hand.
John felt his heartbeat fill his ears as Peter kept talking, but he could no longer hear what he was saying. Dread began in his cheeks and spread down his neck into his chest.
Sherlock sighed. "You can stay at my place."
Since his mother was employed by the marquess, John was allowed to attend the village school in the morning, and in the afternoon he polished boots in the servant's hall. He was seven years old and proud of his position.
Sherlock chuckled.
When the Earl didn’t continue, John momentarily forgot his own despair and looked up. He was shocked to see Mycroft pull his handkerchief from his pocket and wipe his nose and eyes. The action seemed to compose him a little.
Sherlock stared deeply into his dark blue eyes, and kissed the back of his hand. “Luck, my dear John, has nothing to do with it.”
William appeared exhausted. He gently pressed the tips of his fingers to his neck and cringed.
John chuckled, then pressed the back of Sherlock's hand to his lips. “I got carried away.” He brushed an errant curl behind the young man’s ear. “Besides, anytime you wrap those legs around me, I’ll lose myself a bit.”
“What?” mumbled Molly.
*****
John finally stopped in the middle of the courtyard and whipped around, a look of desperate determination on his face. He was out of breath and sweating, his eyes glistening in the mist, emotional fragility etched into every muscle and tendon of his small, compact body.
John backed away and continued packing.
Sherlock mouthed “an earring?” as John mouthed “shut up”.
“Kept to himself, mostly,” said Wiggins. “Typical rich kid. Family issues. Did drugs.”  He pulled a flask out of his trousers and took a swig. He offered it to Sherlock, who declined.  “What do you play?”
Lestrade let go of the unconscious man and placed him in the surgeon’s arms. John immediately headed out into the courtyard that connected the ward with the rest of the old mission building. He walked quickly but carefully, aware of Sherlock’s head and limbs that hung limply over his forearms. He reached his quarters, a tiny space big enough for a small cot and side table. He laid the ailing nobleman on his bed.
The man named Otis smiled at Sherlock and winked at Molly as he greasy bag was handed over.
Sherlock chuckled at John’s reaction as they both stared at his sex.
As the dinner progressed, neither man laughed or dared to ask a probing question. Silence often followed answers to questions, and John was relieved when the waiter cleared away their plates.
"So you got kicked out of uni, you smoke cigarettes, collect tobacco ash, and admit that relationships aren’t really your area," surmised John. "Anything else I need to know before I ask you out on a date?"
"Being expelled from one of the top universities in the world due to harboring an illegal substance does not allow for the liberties you are enjoying at the moment, dear brother."
Molly knew she was being obvious when, as soon as Sherlock opened the door, she bolted to the desk and made a great spectacle of finding her phone under a pile of papers. Her fumbling caused a smallish, leather bound book to drop to the floor. Sherlock froze when he saw it.
Felipe threw the letter to the ground and pulled John into his lap. His palm moved to the good doctor’s cock, tucked inside his tight trousers.
Mycroft and Roberts looked at him like he was mad.
Sherlock smiles in spite of himself. He picks up his violin and randomly plucks the strings.
“It’s not your concern, John.” Felipe stood up and took a sip of his coffee. “Forget what you heard.”
“That’s what so unusual,” Sherlock remarked, suddenly serious. “You were an investment she summarily disposed of because of a contract? She knew you had nowhere to go. And to go the trouble of replacing you seems impractical for such a family that is known for its pragmatism.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"No," said Sherlock. "I can’t." His slender palm cupped John's jaw, his thumb slowly stroking his stubbled cheek. "I can't."
“William, can you hear me?!” he shouted, pulling off his jacket. Donovan had disappeared into the guard house to reemerge with a rope. John grabbed the end of it and tied it quickly around his waist.
“Responsible. I felt responsible. Like I killed them.”
He curled forward defeated, burying his head in John’s shoulder.
“I don't understand,” he cried. “Why?”
Concert band practices were also doubled for the week, since the regional competition was Sunday at the Royal Concert Hall in London. The orchestra was playing two movements from Brook's Reichenbach. Sherlock, who had loved the piece upon hearing it the first time, had grown to hate it as much as he hated Brook.
This is paradise, he thought. Sherlock would love it here.
The machine was cold but low on petrol. Sherlock found no petrol can as he explored the inside of the cave. He snapped a quick photo of the generator with his phone before walking around to the pool of water.
