“Dean…” Sam began, but cut off when Dean turned to face him.
“I, um, got distracted. By the books.”
“Ok, I believe that you’re at least a part of Dean,” Sam concedes. “But regardless of who – or what –  you are, how do we even know you’re telling the truth?
“I don’t have long, Uriel will be here soon. This weekend, go to the library. Go both days, just whenever you can get away. Stay as late as Missouri will let you. I’ll do the same, we’ll be able to talk properly.”
“I’m gonna give you one more chance,” John says quietly, a threat evident in every syllable, “to rethink what you just said. You got anything else you’d like to say to me?”
“The minute I realised that it was like this…you say that I’m your mountains? Well Dad was my sky and it was like the storm clouds he left over me just burst. I went out into the garden and just cried.” He’s crying again, Sam sees, the tear tracks glistening on his cheeks. “I couldn’t stop,” he tilts his head back and the tears collect in the wrinkles round his eyes (and had they always been so deep?). “Ever since then, it’s been harder to deal with…with dad.” They lapse back into silence, each digesting. The cigarette in Sam’s hand has gone out. He offers it to Dean, who shakes his head.
All four of them turned in unison. Sam stood in the doorway, a confused expression on his face.
“Leave it, Bobby.”
“Yeah, I’m good. Just, uh, tripped.”
finally getting to the gay :))))))). But seriously i feel i've gone very melodramatic and it was very fun to write so hopefully it wil l be fun to read too.
“While I was away at Stanford – that must be when we are.”
Dean,” Sam says eventually.  “I’ve heard, in
“I think he’s trying to sneak home.” Uriel’s malicious delight was plain to hear. “You don’t think we’d let you do that?”
“From later, yeah – ” says Dean. He catches Cas’ confused glance, and an ugly expression steals over his face – like he’s a cat who’s happened upon a particularly stupid baby mouse. “So Sam never told you either?”
“I’m thirteen, I’m not a little kid!” Sam protested.
“I’m…stuck somewhere,” Dean frowns. “Dunno where exactly, but somewhere bad. And far away.”
He finds them under their backup backup phone and a pile of yellow newspaper clippings from an old case a he doesn’t even remember. The box is battered, torn and faded, half empty and with some of the cigarettes broken or partially smoked.
two chapters in one today because this one is super short.
“We know you’re real Dean,” Sam breaks in, reaching out to try and touch Dean, who takes another quick step backwards. “We’re real too, ok, we promise.  And we don’t want to hurt you either. We just need to go through that door and – ”
He moved boxes for her as she returned the books deemed ‘unacceptable’ to their places. “Does she do this every time you go away?” he asked as he set the latest crate at her feet.
She hugged him tightly to her chest, feeling the little resolve he had left crumble as he started to cry. She held him close, until his sobs had subsided into small shakes.
Olsburg wasn’t used to it and the town seemed to be melting in on itself, the flowers collapsing in sweaty heaps in front of parched lawns in front of neat houses.  The windows and doors had been thrown open, uncaringly baring their contents to the world. It wasn’t as if the occupants had much to worry about, with a population of just over 300, Olsburg hadn’t had a serious crime in over 20 years.
“I feel ya buddy,” Dean said bitterly, “If it wasn’t for Sammy I’d be outta here.”
my son,” John shook him off angrily. “And he weren’t Mary’s son neither. You think she’d be proud of what her boy’s become: a degenerate? She’s probably cryin’ right now over you and how far down the path of damnation – the path
“Make me.”
thank u all for the lovely comments and feedback, i promise i will reply to them very soon.
They exchange one of those looks they’ve been exchanging almost as long as they’ve known each other – the ones that always make Sam feel as if he’s watching them from outside of thick a glass box – one that he can see into but they can’t see out of. Normally it exasperates him, to be so removed from the conversation: to remain a helpless, unwanted observer to what has always been blindingly obvious (to him and, it seems, others). Now, however, he finds himself glad to be excluded from this exchange, happy for it to remain non-verbal in his presence.
“Well, if you admit to what you did and repent that’ll be it for you. The lord is tolerant of small wrongdoings, so long as you beg his forgiveness.”
He soon finds himself in the kitchen – taking stock of the depressingly empty cupboards. They’re overdue a supply run, he knows, and he’s just low enough on grace that he thinks he might actually be able to enjoy some food – or even a drink. The moment he thinks it, he realises that if
“Yeah, that’s right. It’s too noisy to concentrate at home.” Dean chimed in
It was 7 o’clock and Cas still wasn’t here. Dean’s head was constantly turning: searching the horizon for the bus and looking, desperately, for the familiar figure to emerge out of the gloom.
“My dad’s picking me up today.”
Sam laughed, relieved that Dean appeared to have relaxed enough to make jokes.
There were voices from behind his bedroom door.
Cassie nods.
His only answer was dishcloth to the face.
Hester murmured a soft agreement, clearly uncomfortable to be caught up in this. Castiel dithered. The silence dragged out awkwardly as Hael watched him, her face slowly falling as he did not jump immediately to his Father’s defence.  Eventually, mercifully, Dean saved him.
“When you told me you wanted forgiveness, were you lying?”
He clamped down on the words before he could say them. “Ok Sammy,” he said softly instead. “Let’s get this over with.”
“He can speak for himself,” she’d snapped at Dean. “Or are you so bent on corrupting him that he’s not allowed to talk to anyone else?” They’d glared at each other, Dean trying to think of a witty response.
“What?” Castiel’s shock was obvious. Jim pretended not to notice.
1. It made me glad my parents raised me a heathen so I never had to put up with any of this stuff
“Because,” Dean says simply, “I can’t lie in here: no matter how much I want to.”
The world around them shatters like glass, lurid rainbow light flowing like lava from the cracks. The night sky falls away, the trees meltdown and into nothing; the world shrinks to the small stretch of road, encroached on all sides by the raw form of Dean’s subconscious. “Go!” Dean shouts at Sam and Cas as he too begins to fade away: leaving nothing but a faint after image – hand pointing at the exit, the red smudge of his blood lingering longer than everything else.
Sleepless nights and empty Sundays. Would he have wasted them if he’d known what was going to happen?  Would he have cherished every moment, with Cas, with John, with Sam, if he’d known they were closer to his last than his first? What had fallen through the cracks?
to say something… to apologise, to explain why I didn’t –”
“Hey,” Cas whispered to Dean suddenly. “I’ve just realised something.”
from her – you’ve strayed. I’ll bet he told you all kind of bull. Some sob story about how he slept on the streets or sold himself to anyone that looked his way. An’ now he’ll tell you that he cares, that he loves you when he ain’t capable of love. All those like him can do is lust”
Dean spat in his face. Momentarily, Uriel was a contortion of rage. He regained his composure quickly, however, wiping the spit of his face calmly.
Dean shifted, embarrassed. “She’s annoyed at me for ignoring her all week.” He explained, “can’t say I blame her. I’m a pretty shitty date.”
Steeling himself, Dean steps through and into his memory.
A piece of him (that piece Alistair slicing) is crying out: begging for him to break, to let the pain and blood stop. For everything to stop. It’s larger and it’s louder than it was before. He forces it down, somehow.
“Now, recently, these deviants have tried to justify themselves. They claim that their depraved lifestyle ain’t a choice. That they’re born that way. That they got no more control over it than they do over the colour of their skin.
“Well, what can you do about it?” Bobby shakes his head. “You ain’t gonna be able to look through a whole damn life’s worth of memories on your own: not quickly at least.”
“You know what.”
“Not anymore,” Cas says gently. “You’re a memory now – we’re trying to find the real you.”
They stare at each other, and it’s Dean who breaks first. “I can’t, Bobby,” he whispers, ducking his head. “They’ll see everything. Everything I ever tried to hide or tried to lie about. They’ll know I’m not…they’ll see me for what I really am.”
Dean had finally torn his eyes from the floor to meet Cas’. The determination, the anger he saw, galvanised him. He managed to plaster a weak grin on his face, and meet the glares of the two Pastors and Uriel. He avoided John’s corner, however.
“It doesn’t explain why you aren’t.”
“Shut up anyway.” They stand for a bit longer. “Hey Sammy,” Dean says after a while, “what’s a ‘trans’?”
“Hey that’s not true! Cas
“You boys ready to go?” John asked, shovelling the last of the bacon into his mouth.
“Oh don’t you worry about my grip, buddy,” Dean hisses. “It’s tight:
“It’s ok John,” Jim stepped between the two Winchesters, “Boys will always have their fun. Something smells delicious, I hope it’s dinner!”
Dean nodded. It was a smart plan, nobody would think to look for them there. He caught sight of a familiar face in the doorway, looking flustered. “Looks like your babysitter’s caught up,” he told Cas.
Then she was gone, and there was nothing to fill the void.
“You got what you want, didn’t you?” Dean demanded wearily. “Can I go now?”
“Yes,” Cas’ eyes follow Dean as he heads towards the kitchen, then turn to Sam’s. “How did it go?” he asks.
“Put –” his voice gives out. He clears his throat. Tries again. “Put me back…together.”
“What about you Cas? Every time I’ve seen you, you’ve had Uriel sitting on your shoulder. That can’t have been much fun.” He dreaded to think what Uriel would be like with his superiority complex ‘confirmed’.
Sam walks back the way they came as Dean and Cas make their way further into the crowds. Dean drops his hand from Cas’ waist automatically as they pass a large group of leather-clad men, before remembering with a jolt where he is. Slowly, carefully, he takes Cas’ hand in his, twining their fingers together. Cas glances at him in surprise, his eyes crinkling with silent pleasure. People smile at them as they walk by and a man about Dean ’s age winks and murmurs ‘congrats’ as he passes.
“You sure about that Cas? ‘Cos I can try harder, real harder…”
“You’ll need friends,” Missouri insisted.
Sam winced at the thought. “I don’t think I’d survive that,” he admitted.
“Stop,” Sam finds himself begging. “Stop!”
Sunday was unusually hot for Kansas.
Dean didn’t bother turning his head towards the sound of the engine; he just kept his eyes on the corn. The car stopped, and he heard a door open and shut. Sam sat beside him on the bus stop bench, but he didn’t say anything, just rested his head on his hands and sighed.
“Jessica,” Sam corrected automatically, shooting Dean another confused glance. All he got was in return was a shrug. “And she’s fine, thanks. But Dad,” he paused, “we’re, um, we’re not here to talk about me.”
Castiel was shaking with rage. The reaction had surprised him. He had been steeling himself for guilt, for shame, not anger. After all, he’d been thinking more or less the same way since Thursday. But there was something about hearing his own thoughts spewed from his father’s mouth that weakened them.
It wasn’t until the end of the day that he saw Dean again. The final bell had rung, and the hallways were slowly emptying as everyone piled out into evening sun. He was dawdling, trying to catch a few moments of peace and quiet before Hael or Uriel found him, when he spotted Dean. His heart leapt, and he sped towards the other boy, trying to reach him before someone appeared to spirit him away.
He found the photos in a pile on his bed, along with everything else he owned. He should be relieved, he supposed, that there was anything left. He wouldn’t put it past John to burn everything. He discarded his ripped church clothes, and fished his favourite shirt and jeans from the bottom of a box marked
“I cannot ‘defile’ you,” he interrupts her. “This will not change your status as Michael’s vessel.”
That just makes Sam laugh harder. Cas looks round, curious, before something the vendor says distracts him again. Dean glares at his brother for a while longer before relenting, slapping his now doubled over younger brother on the back.
Cas stands, reluctantly, casting about. “Where’s the door?”
“Dean!” Bobby places a concerned hand on his shoulder.
Cas pulled her into a sincere, if slightly awkward, hug. “Thank you for everything Missouri, I don’t think we can ever repay you.” He said into her shoulder.
“Shit,” he had forgotten what they were like here. “Well what now?”
“Safer than gettin’ involved. I’m poison now.” Dean told him bitterly, wincing at the sting of the iodine.
them, wandering through hidden tunnels and mines, following underground rivers and mineral veins. Finding lions’ dens and hidden pools with diamonds at the bottom. They became everything I could see, feel, hear and smell. And now that I’m out, I can’t look at the mountains without seeing the caves I know are inside them now. The whole landscape has cracked open for me and I don’t know where to start.”
“Sorry,” he mutters, a little sheepishly, digging in his pocket for cash. “Have a nice night.”
He’d told Cas about it the next day at school. Sometimes, that was what he missed the most, having someone he could talk to about everything.
“That’s terrible. How did she die?” Castiel felt the muted sympathy one always felt at a stranger’s death, mixed with guilt that he couldn’t feel more.
“But ...”
He seems to be asking silently.
“I’m glad you’re back with us, Castiel.” Uriel was back to his obsequious self, it seemed.
“And that,” his voice cracks, “and that I don’t have to go back?”
“Well shit,” he says to empty air instead.
“I don’t need to do my whole life,” Dean points out. “Just the worst bits.”
“Do  you think I’d hurt Sammy?”  He protested. “He’s my brother.”
“Hey Dad, I uh, I’ve brought someone to see you,” Sam shifted to the side awkwardly, and Dean came face to face with his father for the first time in twelve years.
“What is it?” Cas asks softly from beside him, now also facing the bed. “Do you recognise them?”
to look at me like that and pity me like that.”
“I know,” she says, not knowing what he wants from her. “That’s not what…this isn’t about me though Cas, it’s something I want to do for you.”
“No?” John was disappointed for a moment, but he pushed the feeling aside.
chapter title is this song by brandie charlie
“Yeah, I guess we are. Sort of,” Dean takes another cigarette from the box.  Sam leans over, the lighter in his hand. “Thanks,” Dean tilts his head downwards towards the flame. “You gonna smoke yours or just hold it?”
“Turn it off Sam. I’m up ok?” The shrill beeps cut off as Dean cast around for his clothes. He picked up a crumpled shirt and sniffed at it gingerly. It wasn’t too bad, considering...
Sam snorts and suddenly Dean knows he’s being an idiot, “Are you serious?”
“Well who cares about the future?  I live in the now.”
He clung steadfastly his happiness. He didn’t dare move, didn’t dare turn to look at Sam. He couldn’t bear to see his expression, to see fervent hatred that emanated from the man on the podium etched into his brother’s face.
“What are you going to tell him – about us?”
“Whatever you say boss,” Dean’s eyes slide to black as he swings his axe straight towards Sam.
“Alright.”
“You’ll understand when you’re older.” Dean’s gaze shifts from Sam to Castiel, who’s watching the scene unfold with a deep sadness in his face. “I don’t know you yet, Cas. Mournin’ a man you never met?”
“Better than the kid with the dead mom,” Dean assured him, dropping his arm to his side. Castiel shivered slightly as the warmth withdrew. He glanced sideways at Dean, who had withdrawn slightly. He was pulling the sleeves of his shirt down over his hands as if he too were cold.
“I think you know.”
“Told me what?”
He jerked awake. Green eyes still burning in his mind. Dean’s eyes.
hopefully will get the rest up soon. It's nearly done
“C’mon,” Dean says expressionlessly, “The next one is a bit of a walk.”
“Maybe stay clear of the lions. I hear they bite.”
“Dad! You’re hurting him,” Cas tried to force his way between the two as Gordon had done earlier, but he lacked the strength.  Nevertheless, the pastor’s grip on Dean was loosened, and he was able to pull away, stumbling as he did so.
“Even dorkier than usual, somehow.” Dean laughs at the squint/glare Cas throws at him, “I’m joking, I’m joking. You look good. Like always”
“Be careful boys,” her eyes were sorrowful as she spoke. “ I mean that. The world is cruel and it don’t let you forget it. I’m a haven if you need it.”  She wanted to say more, she wasn’t sure why she couldn’t. She tried to say it without words, meeting their confused gazes, trying to convey her past and their future through her stare. It seemed to work.  She watched as fear and hope warred within them. They would understand, eventually. Hopefully it wouldn’t be too late. Hopefully they wouldn’t be too scared.
Cas smiles softly. “I’m sure that I will.”
Dean stands alone in the tunnel by himself –trying to think Bobby back into existence. For all his insistence that he had to do this alone, now that the time has come to actually do it, all he wants is the older man back to snip at him sarcastically from behind. No matter how hard he concentrates, however, Bobby stays gone. No way to go but forward it seems.
“Castiel.” Jim’s voice was weak and shaking, so far removed from the confident preacher that normally stood before him. “Son, what went wrong?”
“I imagine there was a lot more alcohol involved,” Cas observes, which makes Dean laugh at least.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean mutters as he lurches off the bed and snatches the phone off the ground.
Within minutes. He was asleep.
He’s young – younger than Sam’s ever remembered him being – and (though his face is clouded with some unintelligible emotion: his eyes unusually bright, shoulders hunched against more than just the cold) there’s a lightness about him (in his posture which, even hunched, seems straighter; in his face, which is smooth and easy – quicker to smile than to frown) that Sam suddenly realises he’s been missing fiercely for years – ever since hell, ever since Dean had the weight of the world put on his shoulders. The years between this now (then) and their now have rarely seemed so heavy to Sam as when he looks at this younger version of his brother, and he can feel them pressing in on all sides – making a part of him just want to lie down and sleep forever. Dean stares at Sam and Sam stares at Dean, until Dean breaks the contact: bringing the cigarette to his lips, tilting his head back to watch the blueish smoke drift across the almost empty sky.
“Yeah Cas, I think it’d be perfect,” Sam smiles. “Don’t you agree, Dean?”
Reluctantly, Castiel went. Pastor Walker, Uriel and two men he didn’t recognise sat in chairs ringed around an empty one in the centre. Cas had a feeling to where this was going. He instantly spun round, making for the door. Jim caught him.
“When I rescued you from hell, and when I started to watch over you on earth,” Cas continues. “It brought me into contact with a side of humanity I’d never been allowed to see before.”
Sam had shifted from side to side, embarrassed, until Dean had pulled him into a bear hug. They had sat like that for a long time. Dean treasured the memory; the feel of Sam’s smaller body in his arms; the small shakes, either from laughter or tears he could never tell, even Sam’s smell. It’d been the last time he’d hugged Sam, so he clung to the sensations. Sam would be taller now, he knew, his hair would be different now. But this was all he had left.
“So like, a plane within a plane?"
Castiel had watched the taillights of the car in front. Dean was in there. Was it like this for him? He hoped so. He didn’t want to hear what his father would say. He didn’t want to hear what anyone would say.
“What happened with Anna?” Cas asked eventually.
. Something, a butt load of somethings,
She’s out of town for the weekend.” Her tone was clipped, resentful.
, about Cas.”
“Yeah? If you could only see your faces right now. The way you’re looking at me? Like you can’t decide whether I’m a kicked puppy or some piece a shit on your shoe. You think I wanna come back to that?”
“You owe him more than that,” Cas says gently – but firmly. “We owe him more than that – especially after everything he’s seen.”
Dean tenses immediately beneath him. “What?”
“It’s not safe for you here no more. That preacher’s made sure of that.”
“Hello Dean.”
They tactfully ignored the slip up. “It’s because we have each other,” Cas had told her, grasping Dean’s had fondly.
“When did you start to see?”
Dean) into a bear hug. A second later, he feels Cas join them – arms encircling them a little stiffly, but endearingly so.
“Sam!” his younger self cries frantically, wrenching his hand from the older Dean’s grip to rip the covers off. Tears begin to leak from the corners of his eyes. “Where’s he gone? What’ve you done with him?”
“Don’t get all twisted out of shape – he just needed some time to think everything over. No distractions,” Alistair tuts and pats Dean’s head with a mocking tenderness, giving Sam a knowing smile that makes his blood boil.  “I’m sure you’ve noticed how hard it is to get him to concentrate.”
Cas is growing sick of all this walking – it’s something he’s had to get used to without his wings, and after spending so much time with the Winchesters, but at least in the real world walking tends to get you somewhere. These long treks through cheap green screen nothingness or through endless, repeating corridors are wearing thin.
Uncertain, Dean shrugs.
“Oh you mean
Dean quashes his first instinct (which is to snort) and his second (which is to shout) and instead tries to make his voice as neutral as possible. “Do you want to be in it?” He asks, watching Cas’ eyes closely.
For a second, they stand in the whiteness, then Dean feels Cas’ hand on his shoulder, squeezing ever so slightly. “Bend your knees,” is the only warning he gives.
The church erupted into cheers. The congregation, overcome with the emotions they had stifled while the Pastor spoke, seemed incapable of calming down. Jim smiled at his handiwork, still panting slightly. He was too caught up in the jubilant faces of the crowd to pay attention to his son.
“Nah he already told you,” Demon Dean says in an easy, almost bored tone. “I’m where you’re headed anyway – he’s just tryna save you some time.”
“Yeah you’re probably right son,” he said eventually, and the tension in the car lessened perceptibly.
The Cas in front of Dean just shakes his head. “It’s ok. It doesn’t hurt me anymore,” he pauses. “I don’t expect you to love me back – especially after all that I’ve done. I just wanted to say it in case I don’t–” his voice cuts off as Dean kisses him.
He sees, out the corner of his eyes, Sam and Cas exchange a look. Maybe it’s not a good idea (it’s probably not a good idea) but the thought of leaving himself here; of knowing this is where he’ll always be…it’s not something he thinks he’ll be able to survive.
“A spell?” he says again, trying it out.
Sam laughs at the perplexed look Cas shoots him as Dean rearranges them, though he goes more willingly when he realises his new position lets him put a hand on Dean’s knee. Tactfully, Sam angles his body away from them – focusing on the film. Within a few minutes both are engrossed, though Dean seems to be more interested in watching Cas’ face than the movie itself. They barely react when Sam excuses himself to make some popcorn, and don’t even seem to notice his return – though they’ve used the extra legroom to curl up together.
“That’s true,” Dean allows. “I guess I’ll tell him that we’re a ‘thing’ now – whatever that means – just so he’s not surprised. He’ll probably understand better than we do what the hell is going on – he’s way better at this kind of stuff.”
“Sam, you’re going to Ruby’s today.” John’s tone was iron firm.  “Pastor’s orders.”
“No, Sam” Cas chokes out, his voice barely more than a croak. “Don’t look. Don’t look.”
“Yeah, sure.”
“Hello Dean,”
“That’s lucky ‘cos you’ve probably missed the bus by now. That also means your guardian angels should be gone and it’s safe to go outside.” Dean pushed Cas gently down the hall as he spoke.
“If you keep on being sinful, you won’t ever get so see Mom again.” Sam’s tear filled eyes finally met Dean’s. “She’s in heaven and you’ll go to hell. We’ll all be in heaven while you’re in hell. I wanted us all to be together again in heaven. Now we’ll never be together ever again and it’s. All. Your. Fault.”
“That was
“Been doin’ ok, Pastor, all things considered,” John said and Dean rolled his eyes. Of course they hadn’t been doing ok, but John Winchester would never admit that.
“I do,” Dean (the other Dean) insists, voice strained. “But there’s knowing and
At the sound of his name, Dean finally looks at him. His eyes are dim, but there’s a brief (and faint) flicker of recognition in them. “S-Sam?”
In the time of their short exchange, another stretch of anonymous highway has crept in around them. It’s been raining, the tarmac is dimly reflective – a thousand tiny puddles from between the cracks weakly reproducing the stars above them. The impala is there – also wet, though Dean looks mostly dry. Like the last time, he’s sitting on the hood of the car, eyes open and watching them, a pack of cigarettes unopened by his hand. This time, however, he’s older, much older, close to the age he is now. When they notice him looking, he sighs. “I really didn’t want you to ever see this,” he tells them morosely, putting an unlit cigarette to his lips.
“Well I have a good student, that always helps,” Cas replied modestly, though he smiled at the compliment.
She was giving him an out, Dean saw with a swell of affection. A chance to escape back to Cas and pretend this had never happened without losing face. He was tempted, almost, to take it. If not for the look in Sam’s eyes. “I want to do this, Missouri,” he assured her, though he was looking at Sam when he said it. “Trust me I know it’s stupid and believe me I’m shit scared right now,” he laughed hollowly, “but Sammy’s right. I have to at least try. I got Sammy back, I got Cas back - how could I live with myself if I didn’t try to get Joh…Dad back too.”
In the corner of the room, also refusing to look at anything but the carpet, John Winchester stood, arms crossed. Cas couldn’t read any emotion on his face, but he shrank from his intensity never the less.
Finally, sight. There’s no particular light source, just a dim redness – like light on closed eyelids – that pics out the faint outline of a space that could maybe be a cave, or maybe a dungeon – though the edges are dissolving into smoke. The rack emerges from the darkness in long flowing lines, sketching itself into existence as he moves towards it. He knows it so intimately – every bump and grove, every crack in the leather. Throughout all his memories of hell it was one of the few constants, remaining even as the scenes and figures above or around him had shifted from one horror to another, slamming him back to reality on the rare occasions he was allowed to believe he had escaped. Even now he still dreams of it, and his skin itches against the sensation that he’s back.
They left separately, Castiel dawdling to put his book back. He wished Missouri had been there, but they’d see her when she got back. For now, he needed to concentrate on what he would say to his father.
“Don’t what?”
“So,” Dean says through a mouthful of food, trying to sound enthusiastic. He owed that much to them at least. To try. “What’s the plan for today?”
“Yeah a couple of times, when he was really drunk,” Dean says lightly, like he’s talking about the weather. Sam supposes he is, in a way. “And another couple times sober – to teach me to dodge, he said. See what I mean? Where’s the line?”
“I didn’t lock it,” Dean grunts, throwing his weight against the door. “And of course it’s hot. It’s hell.”
Hope and fear, only to be cut short by a particularly deep slice. Pain again. Blood again.
“Uriel’s bearable, just. I can  just tune him out most of the time. It’s my father that’s the problem.”
“Oh,” Sam shifts his feet. “Sorry.”
“You always leave when I’m still bleeding,” Dean whispers hoarsely, barely seeming to hear what Cas said. “You only remember the blood.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Somewhere else that’s even worse than hell for you, somewhere so bad you’re refusin’ to even let yourself think about it, somewhere you’ve buried so deep you don’t even know what it is or where it is or even what it means anymore.”
“Nope! Nope! New plan: we’re gonna watch the Last Jedi, we’re gonna cry at its utter brilliance, then we’re gonna go to that guy’s house and you’re gonna smite him. C’mon.”
Cas woke early on Saturday morning, long his father, and dressed as quietly as he could. The library wouldn’t open for hours yet, but if he wasn’t out the house before Jim was up he wouldn’t get a chance to slip away.
“Why can’t we get magicked into
Sam searches for Dean (the Dean, a Dean, any Dean) but he seems to be lost in the collage of the crowd. Cas, standing at his elbow, frowns.
“He’s been gone too long: I need to find him.”
, I ever accused you of being brainwashed, or his lapdog or whatever the other shit I used to say was, you thought I
Dean yanks his head back quickly, gasping for air. He leans against the wall, not trusting his shaking legs to hold him entirely upright. He blinks at the ground until it stops swimming. He can feel his heart beating fast in his chest, the tunnel rumbles – it seems to be laughing at him.
I did. ”
“Nope,” Dean interrupts, “you gotta wait for another homophobic ghost to attack me before you’re allowed to finish that sentence. C’mon, let’s find Cas. Oh and just so you know,” he adds, “the reason I don’t call Cas my ‘boyfriend’ is because I’m nearly forty not fourteen.” Sam snorts, but leaves him be.
Sam shakes his head, and Cas all but stomps his foot with impatience.
“Sure, but let’s do it in the car.”
“What do you mean?”
“Sammy!” he called out as his younger brother drew closer. He was clutching Dean’s letter in his hand. “Sam, thank god I got to see you.”
Cas is waiting for them at the bunker – sitting stiffly in one of the most uncomfortable chairs, reading a book. He turns as they enter, his face splitting into a smile.
“We have to be quiet, My Dad’s home.” Castiel had told him, so in the end they’d just laid together, stretched out on top of the blankets.
Cassie makes an amused noise. “If you wanna stay, just stay. You don’t need an excuse.”
“Now these two towns weren’t like this one. They thought they was above God, safe from his judgement. They were immoral, abhorrent, evil sinners. They tried to defile servants of the lord to satisfy their lust And they paid for it.
Jim seemed to believe him, but the conversation dominated Cas’ mind nevertheless. The day slipped by in a haze of worry and fear as he analysed the exchange. What had started as a faint unease as he boarded the school bus snowballed into full blown worry by lunch time as he agonized his way through the possibilities. By the time the bell rang and he managed to escape Uriel’s gang, fear was consuming his every thought.
“Because
Eventually, Sam stood to go; exhausted but elated. Dean stood too, and before Sam could say anything, he’d been pulled into a crushing hug. It was different from how it used to be (now that Sam was taller he no longer felt so enveloped: the top of his brother’s head was a strange sight) but it was warm and full of love none the less.
“How can you even tell it’s a circle?”
“Hair’s longer, tie’s different,” Dean makes a sad sound. “’m not real am I?”
Sam sighs. “So, I know the reason you never said anything isn’t because you were shy. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“And,” Dean cuts in, holding up a hand to silence him, “it’s likely that the spell will be able to access said memories as well as my dreams and desires to construct whatever it thinks will be most effective at achieving this end? And that it will likely hide the exit in the most private and painful part of my brain it can find? Forcing us to explore my most traumatic or most shameful experiences? ”
“Sit down Castiel. Right in the middle here.” He propelled his protesting son into the ring, standing over him until he sat, glaring at his father.
“Alright then,” John steps back, Mary vanishes, and the sun, sky and pink motel make their eye-watering reappearances. “You’re gonna go find your brother, pack your shit and be ready to leave in half an hour. You got that?”
“I never realised he used to leave.”
Everything was so different. No, everything was the same, it was he who had changed.
Sam ignored the warning. “I told you that you were destroying our family, that we would never be together again because of you.”
“Pastor Novak stopped mentioning him about two years after you left,” Sam mused, “huh.”
“And I get it, I really do. I grew up in the same crappy towns and drank in the same crappy bars with the same shitty hunters and rednecks you did. I know how they would’ve treated you if you’d been out: and I know how Dad would’ve reacted too,” Dean’s eye twitches, but he remains silent so Sam ploughs on. “So yeah, I get the masculine posturing, the overcompensation and the internalised homophobia but it’s a different world now – and Dad’s
“And Dean’s conception of himself is…”
Dean screams, and the world begins to shake – throwing Sam and Cas to the ground at the spells’ feet. He doesn’t even glance in their direction – watching the scene in front with hungry eyes, and lips twisted into a smirk. Dean reaches with trembling hands for the axe but doesn’t try to pull it out. Blood spreads under his shirt then wells and starts to drip slowly down his arm. The demon closes his own hand around it but doesn’t pull back. Instead, he drops to a crouch and puts his other hand on Dean’s face, cupping it with a strange gentleness – the action at once tender in its concern and terrible in its dominance. The ground beneath them is trembling and rupturing, but neither of them is affected by the turbulence.
shout out to all the awkward romantic encounters that inspired much of this chapter.
Dean stiffened, trying to figure out whether it was worth arguing or not. “I don’t know what you mean Dad,” he said eventually. Dad was going to shout at him whatever, he figured.
Sam thought for a second “Oh that was Ruby.”
“I wasn’t. I was just going to say that I don’t think I ever really understood it before,” Sam pauses, meets Deans eyes. “With Lucifer…well a lot of it is gone, but what I do remember is just pain, y’know? He only wanted to hurt me, to punish me for beating him. And no matter what he did to me
The archaic word stunned Castiel, and he was unable to speak as his brain processed the absurdity of it all.  “Heathen?” was all he managed in the end.
She can feel his hand reaching down between her legs, and she opens them a little wider. She expects his touch to be clumsy and rough, but his fingers are gentle, almost expert, as he starts to rub her clitoris in small circles that send sparks of pleasure up through her body. She’s panting and it’s becoming harder and harder to focus on anything except the warmth and rising pressure…
“I dunno: cleaning, lifting, other stuff,” Dean was determinedly not looking at him. “Sometimes I worked on cars. It got easier when I could start working in bars. Then I scored a cooking job,” he smiled, “an’ it all fell into place.”
If he turned his head left, he could see the solitary bus stop where he’d waited, alone. If he kept his head straight, he could see the hazy, flickering outline of a church looming oppressively above the squat houses. He turned his gaze resolutely to the right, where all he could see was corn. Corn was safe. Who had traumatic memories about corn?
It’s impossible to know if they’re going in the right direction, but they shuffle dutifully forward, stumbling once or twice over uneven ground (the only real indication that they’re even moving at all). Sounds begin to creep in around them – disturbing for their muffled gentleness and banality. The slow, soft dripping accompanied by the low whine of metal swaying (not unlike a port at night time) is almost serene, and this (more than the screams and wails he was expecting ever could’ve) unnerves Sam. Underneath it all is a distant, scattered drum beat – echoing off the walls around them so that it’s coming from everywhere at once.
“Son,” he whispered, “whatever phase you’re going through right now – not going to church, arguing with me, with the teachers, with Pastor Walker – leave it! I’ve tried to help you, but you’ve been determined to ignore me and anyone else who knows what’s good for you. I’ve given you more than enough time to deal with everything and I’m telling you: it ends now. Pastor Jim is the backbone of this community, and he’s done more for this family than your wretched little ass. I won’t have you disrespecting him or his beliefs. Is that clear?”
Dean nods, and turns off the highway onto the smaller, darker, country road. “Is it far?” he asks.
Harvey hisses in fury and squeezes something inside him: an unbearable agony explodes in his chest, causing Dean to cry out as he falls to his knees. “Abomination,” the ghost snarls, and the look on his face is pure, unadulterated hatred. “Dirty, unholy queer.” He bends down so he’s eye to eye with Dean, forcing him to stare into those white, lifeless pits. These, Dean is suddenly sure, will be the last thing he ever sees, Harvey’s voice the last thing he ever hears.  “Gonna send you to Hell where you can burn like the faggot you are.”
he told himself. Soon, Dad would have forgiven him, Sam would be back and the whole incident would just be something they never talked about.  The car was pulling to a stop, but not at the church.
A gash in the smoke that could be a mouth twists into something that smells vaguely of a smile. “Ah-ha, you must be Sammy – Deano sure does love to scream for you. You know me of course – or you’ve guessed. You were always the smart one.” It steps away and Dean sags in relief, tears streaming from his eyes. He doesn’t say anything, just hangs there panting, heartbeats slowly regaining some form of rhythm.
But that just seems to make Dean more embarrassed. He ducks his head, grimacing slightly. They fall back into silence for a few miles.
*****************************************************************************
Now Dean was drawing him closer again, and Cas knew what was coming, wanted it too with every fibre of his being. He wanted to give in, to ignore his guilt and his sins and pretend that they were still teenagers stealing kisses in the shadows.
“NO!” he shouted the word at the dark skies. His call echoed across the river he heard it repeated a thousand times.
Dean climbs warily to his feet, but John makes no further moves towards him, just watches him contemptuously for a moment, his eyes sliding down to the imprint of his shoe – overlaid on the existing bruise on Dean’s ribcage. “Put a shirt on first,” he says before turning and walking towards (Cas assumes) the impala.
“N-no.” Kissing down Dean’s body Castiel stopped at his clothed bottom half, seeing the erection already straining underneath the tight slacks he wore. In a swift movement he was biting it hard enough to draw a moan from Dean, but soft enough to not badly hurt him… which for Dean was really hard.
“Yeah, but you can have it now, no strings attached – it was made specifically for you anyway. Seems kinda stupid for me to keep it,” Dean told him, “I mean really I only came to this party to give it to you… and to say Im sorry for being an arsehole.”
“C-Cas, what will happen when you get bored of me?” Dean asked, looking up at the slightly taller man. Cursing at his rather short height.
“Well I have to go…” Charlie added, cutting through the staring competition awkwardly.
Castiel was lounging on the remnants of the fainting couch in his old bedroom when he heard it. The front door creaking open and a pair of voices. He could make out one of the voices was male, and the other female. Phasing through the furniture and floorboards Castiel floated towards the voices, more so out of curiosity than anything else.
“The prince who got Dean as his slave whilst Dean was in the East…” Gabriel told the queen, looking at his brother who was affectionately watching the sleeping Prince.
Three years passed so quickly, every day Castiel spent protecting the little boy, watching him take his first steps and listening to his first words. So when Dean turned to him and asked who he was, well he didn’t know how to reply. Firstly because he didn’t expect the child to be able to see him, secondly because how do you tell a three year old child you’re the ghost that has haunted his home since before he was born? So Castiel just smiled and sat in front of the little boy, “my name is Castiel,” he told the boy simply, “and I live here…” Castiel held back his cringe at the wording, technically he hadn’t lived in quite some time, but you don’t tell a small child that.
“I wonder if I’ll get to see what I got early!” the ghost version of Gabriel mused, peeking over Charlie’s shoulder as she placed various gifts under the tree, “oh hey she brought you one too!”
“Right now?” Dean asked again, raising an eyebrow.
“Ulterior motives Cas? I am ashamed of you,” the young man purred, getting a whack on the arm from Cas.
“Well aren’t you a sight for sore eyes Dean,” a southern drawl interrupted the two males from their ‘staring competition’, Dean jumped away from Castiel and looked to where the voice came from to see an old friend.
“I did it!” Cas cheered, looking up into Dean’s eyes, making the blush Dean was already supporting darken. Dean’s breath hitched as he looked into Cas’ eyes, the pupils in both pairs of eyes blown wide with arousal. Cas’ eyes suddenly dropped to Dean’s exposed collar bone and swallowing.
“Get with?” Castiel asked, unfamiliar with the terminology.
“I do,” Castiel admitted making the child pout.
“Lil Cas was the real Cas…” I yawned. Bored of trying to explain the situation I crawled over to Dean and grabbed him by the waist band of his pants. Already seeing the large bulge inside his jeans. “My point is, I feel the same way about you!” I purred, not entirely sure where this confidence came from. I began to unbutton the blonde’s jeans before unzipping the fly and removing them from him completely. Kneading his prick through the material of his underpants, I licked his inner thighs earning a gasp out of the blonde. Pulling the underwear down I licked from the balls to the head, savouring the salty musk that was Dean. Pulling away I sat back on the matrass and looked up at Dean, begging him to make the next move.
Castiel reclined on his shared bed in the combined kingdom. When the war was done, King Dean of the South, Queen Linda of the north and King Michael decided a war such as this would not happen if the kingdoms had not been split up. Ten years went into rebuilding the old kingdom, and once it was finished, Dean and Castiel got married. Linda’s son Kevin, although he was sixteen at the time of completion was promised to Michael’s daughter Hannah. And the two kings and queens would rule their children married and deemed fit to take over the kingdom, then hand their combined kingdom down to their two children, Ben and a princess from another kingdom all together whose name was Claire. “Cas?” Dean asked, coming into their room concerned that his husband was not at dinner that night.
“Morning my l-pet,” Castiel said just as groggy, almost slipping up and admitting he was in love with the sixteen year old, looking down his chest at the green eyed beauty.
Dean Winchester suffered from a terrible problem, he hated Christmas, everything about it. Nobody knew why, for all they knew his childhood was rather pleasant and Christmas was filled with cheer. Well nobody except his dear younger brother Sam, who had astounding timing as he waltzed through the door at that exact moment, humming a Christmas tune himself, all but flouncing over to his brother with more than enough Christmas spirit for both brothers. “Dean!” Sam grinned, giving his brother a hug, all but covering the shorter male with his large body.
Dean watched as Benny took his master towards a secret entrance in the city walls, he considered running and heading towards Lucifer’s kingdom in the West and informing them of the brothers and their plot against his father. But if Dean was honest with himself. He wanted his father to be killed. Dean walked to the place gates, clutching his body and shaking. “Help me?” he asked the guard who recognised him immediately. The guards called for Benny who showed up in a matter of seconds, and sent away the guards whose staring was beginning to make him uneasy. Rather than going to Dean’s home in the castle, Benny took the young prince to his home.
“Shut up Sammy, my imaginary best friend is alive again, we’re allowed to be confused,” Dean said getting a mega bitch face from Sam.
“He really did, he was painfully in love with you.”
Once again everything began to fade into oblivion. And once again, Dean refused to look away from Cas until he too faded away from Dean’s view and Dean found himself alone in his wardrobe, sitting in the middle of it. It took him almost ten minutes to stand up, but when he finally gained the strength he wandered out of his room and into his lounge room where he sat on the couch with his feet tucked under him.
“Sell you to a brothel,” Castiel smirked, pulling  his husband closer.
“Okay.”
Yawn. Roll over. Fall off the bed. That’s how my mornings usually start. Today however. I just rolled over onto more bed… and that woke me up more than falling off the bed ever would. My eyes snapped open and I looked around the room to find everything was bigger… weird. But that’s not what freaked me out… it was the fact that I was surrounded by my cats… all four of them. And they were all bigger than me! Cookie, the eldest, came up to me first; she was a black and white cat with sock like markings and a white mask across her eyes. She sniffed me, only to give me a ‘that’s weird’ face and sit down, watching me as I looked at the next of my cats to come up to me. His name was Rascal; he was a rescue cat, and a bit of a fighter. He was a ginger kitty with a chunk of his ear and his fur didn’t grow in certain places because of scars. But my normally violent kitty just nuzzled me, I wasn’t surprised by the nuzzle, I was surprised by the fact that when he nuzzled me I saw I had paws. Jumping off my bed, I ran to the full sized mirror to find myself staring at a black kitten. With blue eyes. Copying everything I did. “What the fuck!” I yelled, tapping the glass with my ha-paw.
“Yup!” Gabriel confirmed, just as Sam came in chasing a secondary Gabriel who had a devious grin on his face.
He comes over and feels me up. If I react poorly I’m out of a job, I’m ruined. I don’t react at all.
“I love you too, you sex addict.”
“I love you to… master.”
“Castiel,” Michael sighed, “you realize that boy can’t give you children, you’ll have to marry soon anyway, so why are you so attached to him?”
“Fuck, Dean,” I cried, biting his shoulder as I came onto his stomach.
“Where shall we begin?” John asked, leading his wife out of the room.
“I want to go home,” I yawned, curling up on Dean.
I climb out of the car, listening to the thud of the door closing as Crowley gets out, on the phone once again.
“Why?” Dean croaked, gasping as Castiel’s hands trailed down the smaller boy’s naked body.
know Benny Lafitte,” Gabriel declared in an overdramatic tone, gasping as though Dean had just insulted his mother… Dean stared at him incredulously for a moment before Gabriel sobered up, “you used to be more fun,” Gabriel told him before appearing slightly closer and grabbing his face, twisting his own wrist around so he could move Dean’s face to look at the kitchens where a familiar face was laughing at something a small, pretty woman had said.
“Like the owner of the shop… the Winchester bit I mean, I don’t know who owns the shop…” Castiel began to blabber.
“Nope!” Cas called as he ducked out of his bedroom, locked the door to prevent the unlikely escape of his toy and headed towards the hall in which his brother had turned into a battle planning hall. The people who wandered around the halls bowed to the young prince as he made his way down. When he entered he found his brothers fighting already so he kept his mouth shut and listened.
“Nobody! I-if you want to finish yourself up, I-I’ll look away,” Cas stammered, his face draining of colour completely as a voice outside yelled out ‘where’s that fag, I have a stick to shove up his poof arse!’
“So,” Dean began after chugging the water, he elongated the o, trying to figure out where to begin in his quest for redemption, hoping to find the right words to not completely end his friendship. “What exactly… what exactly happened last night? I mean I can guess some things, my waist fucking kills and I don’t even want to begin to question where my socks are…”
"Not this self-deprecating bullshit again!"
"Hey. Yes he hurt you. Yes he deserves a beating. But now isn't the time or place. What would Sam think and feel if he walked out on you beating your Dad to death? Sure Sam knows he's got it coming, but seeing the blood on your hands?" Benny spoke softly.
"Dean, you dumbass!" Charlie exclaimed.
"Sorry Sammy. You should just be glad you haven't walked in on us doing other things." I grinned.
Turning to face him, I took him in. Messy black hair and bright blue eyes, tan skin, a navy blue button-up shirt, black pants, and black shoes.
"And I take it you are no fool when it comes to the rules of Fairies and Fae." It was more of a statement than a question.
The group paused.
Jo and I fell into a fit of laughter again.
Bobby had guessed that Becky bringing Sam over meant bad things were happening at home. When he arrived, my Dad had left, peeling out to God knows where in the Impala. I'd never seen Bobby so emotional. Most of my knowledge of that night was Bobby's inferences.
"The playground Dean. You said he could put his hand through the Portal, so hold his hand there. Introduce us to him, because we will accept him as the person you love. We can at least check off one and a half out of three."
"Oh that motherfucker has got some nerve." I growled.
"Dee, wake up. We're going to be late for school." Jo said as she shook me awake.
"Why?"
"I don't know how you managed to get a flower to me Cas, but thank you. I love it." I softly said while holding the necklace.
"It's not sad tears. Not really. I've just never felt like I deserve my life. That I'm so different and fucked up that I shouldn't exist. But you, you won't hear that. You make sure I know I'm worth it, that I deserve to live, and that being myself is okay."
"Yeah well I got some hostile movements for him." I stood up.
(See the end of the chapter for
I fell in front of the Portal, unable to hold my tears back anymore. Sobs racked my body. What if Dad already got here and just left the Portal? Cas might be dead already. It's my fault. I should have been faster. I should have found a way to warn him.
"We all were 8! And we all knew that!" Charlie yelled.
Not long after I'm dressed, I'm sporting black lipstick and a smoky eye look. I picked up my glasses and put them on. My pixie cut dirty blonde hair was styled and the blue bangs combed out. I dyed my bangs blue because of Cas's eyes, but that was a fact kept to myself. I looked in the mirror and revel in my controversial look. Short hair, hoop eyebrow piercing, diamond nose piercing, 5 piercings on my left ear: 3 little hoops and 2 diamonds, 7 piercings on my right ear: 4 little hoops, 2 diamonds, and a barbell. I got a lot of disapproving looks and occasionally comments from people, and Ellen and Bobby also had people tell them how bad it was for them to let me look that way. Being an Omega brought me attention, but so did my piercings and hair, and I'd rather say it was my looks that brought attention than being an Omega.
"Thanks."
"I thought it was cool. Besides, the Fae wasn't all that bad. He seemed pretty cool."
"Not sure. I like you, you're fun. Can I ask your name?"
"Bye Cas."
Sam's fist clenched.
"I swear to God I will drag your ass to the playground Deanna Winchester if you don't get up." Jo looked at me with a no-nonsense face.
"Thanks." I mumbled.
"You suck." I muttered.
"Who?" Kevin asked.
As I left, the Portal regained its blue color.
It had been 3 years since that night with Dad. He wasn't found and I didn't want to press charges and get him arrested. My necklace was back on, I refused to take it off. When I was asked to take it off by a teacher, I had a panic attack. After that I was allowed to keep it on and was never asked again to take it off. Between school and doctor's appointments, I didn't have much free time. Even if I did, my friends would take me somewhere far away from the park. It seemed I was always steered away from the park. While I didn't use the necklace to talk anymore, I would still clutch it tight into my palm to feel the warmth it radiated.
"Oh."
I loved that line.
"Sorry about that guys." I whispered.
"Actually, I was 4." Kevin meakly added.
"It's so cool though!"
We both turned to look at him, quickly desoliving into laughter. Once we were compossed again I turned to my little brother.
I was so stupid. What was I thinking? I could have gotten my friends hurt or worse. Why did I-
With each thought, my crys grew stronger.
Garth handed them to me.
"That was very thoughtful of you little one. I'm glad to see you though. I- I made this for you."
I hadn't been to the playground for 2 years. I was scared about what would happen if Dad found out. His out of town trips had gotten fewer. But he was on one now. It was long overdue for a trip to see Cas.
"What?" I yelled.
"You have nothing to be sorry for Dean." Garth tried to comfort.
"Stop! I'll go." He looked at me with sad eyes before running into his forest. I ran home after that.
"No, no. It's fine. I like it."
"C'mon guys!" I whined.
"Did I not scare you?"
A smile graced his lips.
"Yeah, I get that a lot."
My screams were getting more desperate and hoarse. There was not much time left.
<Later>[Dean]
"Little one?"
Really short chapter, I know. I'm terrible at deciding when there should be a new chapter.
These were drilled into every childs mind from the start.
"Fae Portals are dangerous, Fae's are dangerous, magic is dangerous, be wary of Fairies."
Everyone looked in the direction I was.
"Dean here decided to take her friends to a Fae Portal she found. It spooked 'em, but Dean stayed. Even talked to it."
The Fae paused, "You are a strange little girl."
Smiling I went to leave, but paused and turned around,
"I... um.. how do you say it? Oh, right. I fucked up."
"Cassie, get it together! This girl, she didn't run. She talked to you long enough to give you a nickname. Obviously this human is different than others. You felt an attraction to her. Keep your Portal where it is."
That night when I got in bed, I grabbed onto my necklace,
"Dean. He's not making any hostile movements. Just ignore him." Garth tried to calm me.
Kevins face paled.
"Cas!"
"If you don't seem to notice, I'm not that smart, I never have been!"
After school I was sitting outside with the gang. Sam and Kevin were doing chess club, debate, and the mathletes for after school activities. It became tradition to wait for them and then get ice cream before heading to the Roadhouse. Getting ice cream was a little secret between us so Kevin was able to feel a little rebellious. It would sound stupid to others, but it was Ash's genious idea to get Kevin to live a little, and it worked.
"Dude! If a Fairy or Fae allow and accept a nickname then a bond is formed between them and the human who gave the nickname." Kevin shouted.
And I'm thinking of the old school Scooby Doo, the one actually shown on Supernatural, the Hanna-Barbera one.
(See the end of the chapter for
"At least you didn't smash or break anything this time." Ash said, hoping to lighten the mood.
"My glasses! I can't see without my glasses!"** I joked.
"Dean, I'm not so sure about this." Kevin worried.
"Oh no. Little one, why are you crying?"
"And she gave me a nickname!"
"Deanna Michelle Winchester! What on Earth were you thinking? You're luck your daddy's out of town. If it were John and not me, well... you know what the difference would be." Ellen scolded. For an Omega, she could be downright terrifying.
His anger was far more than I'd anticipated. I faced his wrath in the living room and kitchen. The glass coffee table in the living room, beer bottles, a baseball bat, several counters, a stove burner, a small kitchen knife, along with his own fists and legs were the many weapons used to deal my punishment.
The portal came into view. It had a blue aroura and looked into a forest clearing.
"Yeah, great idea Jo. With both Bobby and Ellen right below us."
Sam raised an eyebrow at me.
"Cas?"
"Cas?"
"Ewwwww!!!!! Dean. Gross. God I'm going to have to bleach my ears out now."
Kind of short. Sorry!
"I'm sorry. Will you tell Dad or Bobby?"
I go through my closet and present my outfit to Jo. Black ripped skinny jeans, a black AC/DC t-shirt, a green plad flannel, black combat boots, a grey beanie, and my normal go-to jewelry.
It was then when the rain started to pour.
"Um... the Fae. Castiel."
That got me up.
At the bottom of the stairs we could hear Ellen grumble to herself something along the lines of "And here I thought having two girls would be fun."
"I don't wanna die!" he cried out.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mmm...not really."
"Dean! Calm down!" Benny commanded.
"Cas?"
My eyes lowered to the ground and I pulled my knees to my chest. Garth reached over, causing me to flinch, but after a moment he took off my glasses.
A single tear slid down my face. I nodded my head.
"If you don't leave now Castiel I will give you my name."
My head snapped up. It took a lot of will to not jump into the portal and hug him.
"Did he say he was okay with the nickname?"
"You allowed it?"
"Castiel, I give you my name and everything that comes with it. My name is D-"
"Ew Dean! You're like 8!" Charlie scrunched her face up.
"Cas. I'm sorry it's been so long. I don't know if you're dead or what, I hope not and I also want to assume you aren't. Now that I think about it, you didn't know if I was dead or alive or what. Yeah, I'm alive. Dad...he hurt me. After I warned you. It was really bad, but I'm okay now. Mostly. Except, now. Dad's back. He hasn't made contact but he's back. I felt like I was being watched tonight. I was so scared. I still am. I'm terrified. I want to be strong but I can't. It's just... ugh! God I hate this. I can never seem to actually explain how I'm feeling or what's going on in my head. So...uh, yeah. Goodnight Cas."
At that moment a figure dropped from the trees inside the portal.
Gabriel chocked on air, "Pardon?"
"Yes this self-deprecating bullshit! Not even again, it never left!"
"Yes Cassie?" the older Fae asked.
"And?"
Hey there! I know I haven't posted new chapters in a while. I am so sorry for that. This work is not abandoned. My depression has reared its ugly head again and it hit me hard. I've been struggling to find the motivation/will to write. Like, I want to, but I just can't you know? I hate it. These stories are ones I love and have so many ideas for. I go to write and then nothing happens. I've gotten a little better. I was able to start a new story. I'm working through it. I feel so bad for not posting and I hope to be able to post more chapters. Depression sucks.
"Bold of you to assume I'm a virgin." I joked.
"Yes! What was I thinking?"
**Scooby Doo reference anybody? For those uncultured swine who don't understand it [please don't take that seriously, just how I'm phrasing it]  whenever Velma looses her glasses she says "My glasses! I can't see without my glasses!"
I sat in front of the Portal.
"Yes Sammy. I wouldn't be calling him that if he didn't like it." I rolled my eyes.
"Cool. Bye Cas!"
"I say we mess with him and make some
"I will gladly have that conversation with you again and again."
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo and I then shove Sam out of the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
Is it odd to be 16 and have watched almost all of that series? Like I feel other 16 year olds might not have seen it, although idk, maybe they do, like idk if scooby doo is actually talked about amongst 16 year olds cause im the most antisocial person ever.
The next morning I woke up and felt a warmth I'd not felt before. I looked down and saw my necklace glowing. I then saw the flower on my nightstand. A Forget Me Not. Slipping my glasses on, I sat up and gently picked it up. A smile graced my lips.
"Just not dick." Jo joked.
"If you don't get up right now, I'm picking your outfit."
"Wait, do you call him Cas as a nickname?" Sam looked at me.
"I don't think getting ready for school involves that much laughter." Ellen called up the stairs.
Yet another short one. Sorry!
Sam stood up.
He stayed where he was.
I glared at Jo.
My lungs were burning as I ran to the playground. After school, I learned Dad was going to the Portal. I assumed to kill Cas and destroy the Portal.
"CASTIEL!"
"You deserve the world little one."
"Noooo....."
I put it on.
"Look who can't say more than 'Oh' now!"
"Of course little one. If you ever need to get something off your chest that you can't speak to anyone else about, grab it and hold it tight in your palm. Say whatever you need to say. I will hear it."
My chapter titles went from plain old __years old to ones like this. I find the titles hilarious.
"Cas! No. You need to go. Yeah he may hurt me but he'd
Jo and Charlie both shoved around and sat on both sides of me before pulling me into a hug.
Everyone except me screamed and ran back towards the playground. I turned to watch them.
I saw the Portal but no Cas.
"Yes, but only if I get to do your make-up."
"Trust me Sam, he's outnumbered one to ten." I grimly smiled.
"Damn. Another time."
As we left I smacked my face, unsure of whether or not I had my glasses on.*
Looking up, I gave a small smile.
The rumble of Dad's Impala roared in the distance.
I giggled a little, smiling for a split second.
"'Oh'? 'Oh'? Is that all you have to say Dean? What were you thinking? You idiot!" Jo barked.
"So Dean... Since you weren't at school yesterday, a little birdie told us about a gift left in your room. Care to share?"
"This is literally the exact opposite of what we are supposed to do if we find a portal Dee. You are either gonna get us in trouble or get us dead." Jo stated.
I sniffled and wiped my tears, "Thank you Cas. We will probably have this conversation many more times. Depression is a bitch like that."
"You need to go home little one. I can't have you getting sick because you got too cold and wet talking to me."
you! I can't loose you Cas. You are the best thing that's ever happened to me. Now go."
"I was an idiot kid and messed with a Fae."
"You wouldn't." He growled.
"Dean, everything okay?" Sam asked.
"Nice going Jo. Kevin, you aren't going to die. We'll just use Dean as the sacrificial virgin." Charlie smiled.
Saturday evening Sam, Jo, and I made our way to Charlie's house. When we sat down, she quickly pounced.
The necklace Cas had given me was used heavily over the 3 years I didn't see him. Dad's alcohol problem had gotten worse. Then of course I had to present as an Omega when I turned 12. He kept disapproving more and more of me and my choices.
"My Portal, a group of children found it and approached it. I spooked all but one off."
Sorry for the rambling over Scooby Doo.
"Dean. I know that look. Don't you start going down that rabbit hole, you hear? Listen, I'm sorry for yellin' at you, but hearing what happened...that scared me. I can't loose you."
Tears threatened to fall, Bobby never yelled at me.
After my father learned of my warning, he was angry. He got drunk, really drunk. He had hit me before, but never more than once at a time or with much force. But he didn't hold back this time. I knew what was going to come whenever the car pulled into the driveway. So I took Sammy and had him pack a bag before I asked our neighbor Becky to drive him to Bobby's. Moments after she'd left, the car pulled up.
"Goodbye little one."
"Oops." I giggled.
I was crying by the time he finished.
"I don't see why I should've ran."
"Oh good Lord. Honey, don't go getting yourself wrapped up in any Fae business. If we lost you like we lost your mother..."
"CASTIEL? CASTIEL! CAS?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"No, I can't. I can't leave you. If he hurt you... I could never forgive myself."
"You weren't an idiot. Cas wouldn't have accepted the name if he didn't want a bond with you. It's pretty obvious how much he cares for you. That necklace, and what it can do, for example. The flower. You gave him the name for a reason. Maybe you didn't know why at the time, but you did."
"See ya round Cas."
"See? It's awesome!"
"Gabriel!" Castiel called out.
"Okay, okay. I'm coming."
"Not now Kev!" Jo snapped.
Then I heard it. My head snapped up, and there he was. My Dad parked in the far back of the parking lot.
Probably the shortest yet. Oops. I'm a terrible writer sometimes. Sorry!
"Let's go."
"Duh, I'm joking. I don't have a child-appropriate verbal filter, if you forgot."
"I was 8 fucking years old! I didn't know that! So yeah, 'Oh' is all I have to say!"
"Why would you care if I stay or leave?"
Everyone except me stood up.
"Can't believe that there's one so close to the playground." Benny mused.
"Cas!" I stood up, shaking.
"Where?"
"Castiel."
"Tell me what?" Bobby asked, walking in.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You Idgit! Are you nuts?" Bobby shouted.
The rest of the night, I felt watched. It scared me. When we told Ellen about John being back she broke a glass. Then Bobby came in, and he nearly flipped a table when he was informed.
He saw all this, and felt cold. He tried to catch Castiel’s eyes, but they were fixed on his father’s figures, the brows creased in worry.
“Cas,” Dean’s hands tighten round the angel’s shoulders. “Don’t talk like that.”
“Sam,” john cut in. “Would you go and get a nice cake or something for dessert? Your pick.” Sam looked excitedly at Dean who moved to follow him before John grabbed his arm. “Just a sec son.” Sam was already half way down the aisle.
“But?”
“Sam,” he told her, after a moment’s hesitation.
job. You remember what it was?”
“I…” Cas is a little taken aback. “I want to…” he trails off, unsure of what to say. Where to start.
“Please Cas, let’s just stay like this. Please?”
Castiel was easily lead to the waiting car, too overcome to do anything but sit as he was driven away from town: away from Dean.
“Or when.”
“No,” Dean insists. “I have two: you and Jonah.”
Dean nods. “It’s not much further,” he says, turning away and starting down the corridor once more. “Follow me.”
Lucifer raises his head, grinning with Cas’ mouth a smile dripping Dean’s own blood. “Cas was never
Dean’s eyes snap open. “
People seemed to view them that way too. The crowd of students parted before them, a mixture of admiration and fear on their faces. It felt weird to Castiel, to be on the receiving end of those glances, and he tried not to let the attention bother him.
Slowly, Cas moves to stand in front of Dean, who tenses as the familiar pants and shoes appear in his line of sight. Immediately, Cas drops to a crouch, so that their eyes are level. Sam stays back, trying to give them as much privacy as possible. He can’t see Dean’s face, but Cas’ is a mask of grief and pain – his eyes glittering with unshed tears. He looks more human than Sam has ever seen him look before.
“Yup,” but he doesn’t sound sure – not even to his own ears.
They wander over to the angel, who is still frowning at the rainbow ties. “I feel like I should be more festive for the parade,” he muses, “do you think this would be suitable?”
“Tell you what?” he began, starting down the front stairs towards them.
“I promise,” he tries to keep his voice steady, reassuring.
“Yeah, but I still said that more to hurt Dean than anything else. Even at the time, I knew I didn’t really mean it – and I thought Dean knew that too.”
Cas stretches his fingers out towards Dean’s bloody mouth, but Dean jerks back. “Cas,” he chokes out. “Please…”
“Did it right out in the open too,” Missouri was fuming, rifling through the kit angrily. “When I found you there must’ve been five other people lookin the opposite way.”
“About both. I mean, smoke is a pretty hard smell to cover up.”
“Yeah you ran over it – do you seriously not remember?”
“Guess I’m not the protagonist of this episode,” Sam sighs, “maybe next week.”
Dean lets his eyes fade back to green and looks at them seriously, raising the axe in his hand. It gleams in the faintly remembered moonlight. Looking at its silver edge, something tells Sam it won’t pass straight through. He shivers even though it’s not cold. “Let me kill you now – save me the pain of doing it later.”
“Couldn’t go home. Got tired.” He struggled into a seating position, body complaining all the way. Curled up in front of a door wasn’t the most comfortable position after all.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDkUFzRRasA
He needed to be strong. Over the past month he’d built up reserves of happiness. Memories and sensations that he could hide behind as he stood next to his father, that let him tune out whatever hate was being spewed.
When he did reply, it was soft, almost tender. “I was glad too. I don’t know why either.”
it. I thought he loved us. Underneath it all.”
“Just a…spell,” even as he says it, Dean feels the words slipping away. The rack beneath him is solid and familiar, recognizably real. He doesn’t understand what he just said, or why it feels like he just got here. He’d been somewhere before this, it feels like, but it’s all wrong – like a dream. The details don’t make sense. He’d been too old, too alive. Sam had been too tall, the hair too long. And Cas… Who was Cas?
The universe, he had long ago decided, was cold and uncaring at best, sadistic at worst. The best you could do was keep your head down and avoid its cruel jokes: to let yourself hope for more was to leave yourself open to pain. He said as much to Charlie and she giggled.
Dean groaned again. “Just my luck, you’re a total nerd.”
“Oh believe me, that’ll be enough,” Dean assured him. “For them anyway. The whole town practically worships the ground your father walks on: but he’s too old for high school so you’re the next best thing.”
Belatedly, Sam thinks to feel in his pocket for the lighter he carries in reality. To his surprise (and chagrin), it’s there. “Hold on,” he mutters.
Missouri swore under her breath, standing. “That’s you, should get some ice on that bruise but I’ve done what I can. Now, if you’ll excuse men, I’m gonna make a phonecall.” She moved off, giving them some privacy.
“And how,” Cas asks morosely, “do you propose we do that?” He spreads both arms out to encompass the eternal tunnel stretching on either side and, in all likelihood, the hopelessness of the situation.
“Shut up,” Dean snarls, rounding on himself. “Before I make you.”
“I – ”
“I was
Dean’s brain seems to have a similar vibe – only it’s not water that flows around them, it’s something that could be oil or could be smoke. A cloudy and viscous substance; constantly shifting in a patchwork of colours – here a murky purple, here a vivid blue, there a bloody red. Occasionally, there are flashes of golden light (like lightning viewed from above). At semi-regular intervals, the light has collected into small pools, flickering at them like tiny suns. Once, Cas reaches out to touch one, but Sam pulls him back before he can reach. He doesn’t want to discover what’s keeping them separated from whatever this all is – doesn’t want to find the cracks in the glass.
“Why did you say yes?” He asks, voice flat, and his eyes turn towards the sky. “Why?”
“He also said ‘ends’,” Cas points out wearily. “Which would suggest a later memory. I think he meant it more…metaphorically – a memory that forms the basis of Dean’s self.”
They always started in the library. He and Cas had gone almost every day, so it made sense.  Missouri generally left them alone, and the library was generally empty, giving them the privacy that was denied to them in the real world. Occasionally, however, Missouri would talk with them. She had a knack for asking difficult questions (and she always the avoided ones directed at her) but conversation flowed none the less.  It was always easy with her. Around Missouri, they could simply
“Ok and then?”
“I think so yeah.”
“It’s still my head – for now at least. Comes with a few perks.”
After school, he’d walked the short distance from his house to Pastor Novak’s. They lived on the other side of town, in a large house next to the church, but it was only a ten minute walk. There wasn’t enough town to make anything far away.
He corrupted him, ruined him. In his weakness he had dragged both of them down.
“Did you beat him?” there was still an edge of amusement in Dean’s voice.
“He used me
“Oh, Dad,” Sam had just remembered. “I don’t need picking up today.”
old.”
“In what way does that work best for everyone?” Cas demands incredulously.
“I don’t know how much it costs to live in a city, but I’ll bet it’s a lot. And the kinda jobs we’d get wouldn’t pay enough.”
“Dean, come on.” Sam was exasperated. “I haven’t seen you in ten years and that’s all you can tell me?”
“Oh I can see why,” Hael gushed. “He’s a wonderful man. You look a lot like him y’know?”
“Yeah well,” Dean pushes the door open, gesturing them over the threshold. “Maybe it’s time to explore a different relationship? Give someone else some screen time? You’ll break my goddamn heart – I hope you’re happy.”
“Huh?” Sam asks distractedly. They’ve been walking for what feels like hours, and for what feels like miles. But it’s impossible to tell if they’re even moving in the complete blackness. It feels as if their feet are touching something smooth and solid, which Sam hopes fervently, is at least a floor or ground and not just air. Then at least they’d be moving towards (or away) from something. Anything, surely, is better than nothing. “What do you mean?”
“God Dean,” Sam chokes. “I could never…I would never…shit. I’m sorry.”
“We have friends. We have family. We have you.” He couldn’t remember now if he’d been joking or not.
of you.” With that he’d turned and ran.
“Nothing’s gone wrong! Why won’t you see that?” Cas was done. He wanted to go sleep, to pretend nothing had changed.
“He looks constipated,” he muttered to Dean, who’s snicker was loud enough to float across the room to where Uriel stood. This spurred him into action, and he crossed the room to stand in between Castiel and Dean.
“Well where are we supposed to find them? It’s not as if we can just ask at school.” Cas had said.
you too. I
“Hey!” his shout was loud enough to draw the attention of others on the street. When they saw who had uttered it, however, they turned away.
Looking back, Dean could never believe it had only lasted a month. One month, that was all he got.
“Does it feel like it’s not happening?” he asks, neutrally, as if he’s talking about the weather.
“Dean,” John’s warning cut through the silence. “Don’t do something we’ll all regret.”
“Yeah, and remember, you hate me now.” Dean told him with a wink.
“What do you mean?” Sam asks, instantly taking the bait.
“You’re wrong,” Cas says, firmly.
“And be there when John comes back? From church? No fucking way,” Dean cut in, uncomfortable memories of his last Sunday morning with John churning inside him. “Let’s go the library.”
“Son.” Gordon talked as if to a very stupid child, “homosexuality is sinful, abominable. You must repent now, before it is too late.”
“This is part of hell,” Cas frowns, “Dean’s part, I suppose.”
Missouri snorted. “That’s Winchester speak for ‘No’. I hope you get that chance Dean I really do, and you can stay here as long as you need to.”
They walk in silence, Sam watches Dean, Cas watches Sam watching Dean and Dean watches the floor. The doors they pass are all the same, except for the dates – which don’t appear to be in any sort of discernible order. Dean obviously knows exactly where they’re going, however, for he never even glances to either side. Cas, more to pass the time than anything else, tries to see if he can match any specific strings of numbers to any particular events or memories, but few are even remotely familiar to him – as an angel he’d never needed to pay much attention to the ridiculously small increments humans bisect their time with, and even now he tends to class the world along the calendars of crisis that defines most of the Winchesters’ existence rather than by days, months or years.
make sure there’s enough food in the fridge.
He pushes the door all the way open, only to be greeted by a rack of clothes – mostly plaid shirts and dark jeans. Dean glances over his shoulder to Sam and Cas, who look equally nonplussed. After a few confused seconds of standings, they start to carefully push through them, moving through a forest of denim and cotton, until they emerge into a dark, dingy motel bedroom via what turns out to be a closet. The flimsy wicker doors they’ve just come through cast long shadows onto the carpet and up onto the walls as they filter the dirty orange of the streetlight outside, striping the room like a cage.
“Hey,” Dean whispers to it. “Can you hear me?”
“It was terrifying. And wonderful. It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done, and the easiest.”
“No Sir, I don’t know where Sam is,” Dean replies in a clipped voice.
“You can’t be trusted around him. This sharing bullshit has gone on long enough anyway.”
“...bad out there folks. In some places they’ve stopped attending church all together. They think that if they’re baptised as a baby and married there as an adult, they’re sorted for life! They don’t understand that God don’t just accept any moocher! What they don’t understand is that faith is a lifelong commitment...”
“Bobby was always good at that,” Sam says shrewdly.
Dean must hate him now. He was right to. Castiel had damned them.
“Shhhh, Dean,” Alistair soothes him absently. “Save that pretty voice of yours for something much more important – that ‘yes’ I just know you’re dying to give me.”
Instead, John pulled him close, bringing his face close to Dean’s.
Dean goes cold, there’s a hand on his shoulder: his hand.
“For talking to me when I know you don’t want to. For being open instead of hiding behind your strength. For telling me the truth.”
“I asked you a question
“Me the whole time?” Lucifer is still laughing. “Yup. And can I just say: you’re a great kisser.”
But Cas wasn’t coming, he knew that now. He beat ineffectual fists against the ground, wishing the cracks would open and swallow him whole.
They’d arrived at church in time to slide into a front pew, on the opposite side of the church from Cas. Dean watched him whenever he thought John wasn’t looking, noting Uriel’s absence and the easy way Jim was ordering his papers at the podium.  Their conversation must have gone well. Now it was Dean’s turn.
“Then you’d leave?” she asked.
Pastor Walker turned so he was looking straight into Dean’s eyes. “I’m talking about Hell boy. That’s where you’re both headed. Ain’t you been listening to our sermons? Now you,” he stabbed a thick finger at Dean, “ain’t no shocker. You’ve been a pain in the ass for far too long. Truth be told, we’d all given you up as a lost cause – ‘cept for John of course. But Castiel? He was good, his father’s son through and through. He could’a done the lords work, and done it well, until now. That’s on you Winchester. You ruined that boy’s chance for greater things. He may not see it now, but he will one day. I wonder what he’ll think of you then?”
“Yeah, not exactly mind you, but you have the same eyes.” John had continued, lost in memories. “When I look at your eyes, sometimes, I see hers. It’s too much.” He’d looked up at Dean then, remorse plain on his face. “I’m sorry Son, you shouldn’t have to deal with this. With any of it.”
“It’s always complicated.” Charlie smiled slyly. “He an ex boyfriend?”
They part, and Dean leads Sam and Cas out through the front door. They step out, not into the street they’d glimpsed earlier or even the nothingness they’d come from, but back into the familiar bunker-like corridors lined with doors that are lined with dates.
“Like you said: It isn’t anything I haven’t done before, and I survived it all the first time round.”
considering I’ve spent more or less my entire life constructing a careful façade of strength based on nobody (but
,” he spits, and Cas (as usual) isn’t sure whether to cheer or groan at his forced bravado in the face of the enemy, his inability to let things lie. “Grown man standing above a teenage boy in swim trunks – nobody’s gonna think
“Dean Winchester cannot be saved.”
This chapter title is also the name of a v fun song by dodie which i'm like 80% sure is about having a threesome with your ex so i feel like it's relevant to this chapter.
“I could, but I know you didn’t just go through what we just went through to talk about my sex life.”
“Now get. Enjoy the sun a while and stop messin’ up my library.” The snappy dismissal signalled a return to normalcy, if such a thing existed for them anymore.  They left her alone, surrounded by her books, her mind immersed in memory.
“What now?” Cas asks.
Cas shakes his head.
“John,” the Pastor chided gently. “We’ve known each other how long and you’re back to calling me Pastor? What’s wrong with Jimmy?”
“I should be somewhere along the way. I think I was heading in the right direction. Just not quite far enough...” Dean trails off.
“Sam, I’m gettin tired of these questions. Go. To. Bed.”
Dean laughed. “Well if you’re willing to put up with an over excited redhead with, I’d guess, at least two million intrusive and personal questions, then I can certainly put  you up for the night.”
is craving alcohol, for Sam and Dean it must be much, much worse. The fridge, like the cupboards, is sorely lacking in anything appropriate. That, more than anything, propels him into action.
? “You sure you don’t wanna know?” he says out loud. “Ah well, your loss Sammy, your loss.”
Cas took a step forward and didn’t vanish. “This is real Dean. I promise.”
For the first ten minutes neither of them talks, but the quiet is a comfortable one. Sam is ordering his thoughts – or trying to at least. He has a million questions he wants to ask, a million more he wants to answer, and all of them are clamouring at the edge of his mind, each asserting their urgency and significance.  He has a feeling Dean is waiting for him to start, but he has no clue where to even think about beginning. Rather than look at his brother, he glances out the window – and is struck with an idea at the sight of a particular turn off.
should be coming to
“You’re gonna have to speak up there champ,” Demon Dean leans closer. “I didn’t catch that last bit.”
“But you won’t tell us outright, will you?”
“So you do know where he is?”
John had fallen for his lie. He thought Dean was the model son once again, back on the road to happiness. In reality, Dean was only pretending to be his son.
Dean chuckles. “A good time.”
He’d taken everything from him: his past, his present, his mother, his father, his lover, his brother: all for what?
you tell us?” He asks, making sure to keep his voice level.
“Take a right here,” he points. “There’s something I wanna show you.”
Sam and Cas confer over this. “It doesn’t tell us very much,” Cas sighs.
“Do you trust in him to protect you as we cast this evil out?”
“What else is there?”
But at long last, it seemed, the universe had grown bored of tormenting Dean and moved onto fresher, more arrogant, targets.
“Uh- hi,” Sam says hoarsely. “Hi, Dean.”
“What? No you didn’t. I kissed you first.” Castiel couldn’t, wouldn’t let Dean shift the blame onto himself.
He just wished it’d happened later.
Cas seemed to sag in horror, Dean thought he might fall but he leaned against the wall instead. “Shit,” he said softly, “What the hell am I supposed to do?”
you?”
“I don’t want to leave you alone.” The words had rushed out of Sam’s mouth, practically against his will. It had taken Dean a few seconds to work out what’d he’d said. Then, the guilt had come crashing over him.
Dean just shrugged.
“No,” Cas glares at the Deans. “He never got that far.”
“I won’t say it,” Dean hisses. “Ever.”
“I’m sorry Dean,” he whispered, head bowed low so the men in front could neither see his tears nor hear his prayer. “I love you, I will find you. Even if it takes me my one and only lifetime I will find you.”
“Have you noticed the pattern yet?” He asks, tantalisingly. “Been able to pick out the underlying theme?”
Castiel had shoved a mouthful of food in his mouth so he didn’t have to reply. Instead he nodded and tried to think of a way to change the subject. By the time he swallowed, however, Jim had clearly thought of a more pressing matter, for he reached out to clasp his son’s hand. Cas felt his stomach sink. His father only did this when he wanted clarify or change an aspect of Castiel’s “character”. It usually meant a long lecture.
“Dad’s going to kill me.” The words can barely be heard beneath the tears.
“Heya Sammy,” Dean says, and his gaze snaps directly onto Sam’s, who jumps. “Nah, everything’s cool, I’m fine. I met this girl at a bar – blonde… think her name was Katie…or maybe Kathy. Carly? Whatever – that’s not the important part, the important part was the way she used her tongue to –” a faint noise of protest can be heard from the other side of the phone, and Dean smiles widely, still watching Sam.
“Oh so we’re gonna have a rematch are we?” Dean smiles. “You think you’ll manage without Cas’ grace-ex-machina from last time?” He laughs in genuine delight at their stony silence and grim expressions. “Done with talking too? Fair enough. Just know – ” he strikes abruptly towards Cas, who blocks him, then swings back, easily dodging Sam’s lunge. “ – this hurts me way more than it could ever hurt you.”  He gestures vaguely as the third Dean (not their Dean, but the closest they have right now) making a noise of frustration and pain, drops to his knees. The blood from Lucifer’s attack is still dripping sluggishly from his mouth and landing on the ground. As the demon swings his axe experimentally, Dean flickers briefly.
Conversation between them flowed after that and they talked even as the diner emptied around them. It was dark by the time they finally fell quiet again, alone except for Charlie, who was wiping down the last of the tables. In all their chatter, which had covered everything from  the state of Missouri’s library (“Pastor Walker still hounds her but she ignores him like always”) to portion sizes in Texas (“You wouldn’t believe the size of these plates Sammy. I swear: they’re all fucking cannibals looking to fatten up unsuspecting tourists”), Dean never asked about John.
“It’s…complicated.” Was all Sam could think to say.
“Don’t try to distract me from the real issue here,” Sam interrupts him. “What do you mean you thought I knew about Dad?”
“I barely got you back and it all went to shit again – I didn’t want to…I tried to forget.”
“Why?”
“Of course I don’t wanna do this. This is the last thing I wanna do.”
But Alistair only shrugs. “Depends on the game you’re playing. Now, hush for the moment...” He regards Sam critically – tilting his head and squinting at him. “Maybe,” he murmurs to himself, “ it was a little to the left? No, No. But perhaps…” he flicks his fingers, and the rack screeches back a couple of feet, so that Dean is out of reach. Alistair nods in satisfaction. “There. That’s exactly how it was the last time,” he walks to stand next to Dean, but faces away from him, still looking at Sam.
“How can we even be sure there
“Because,” Dean says shortly, “I couldn’t lie in there.”
“It’s good to be back, I can’t say how much I’ve missed this place.” He paused to acknowledge the cheers and beams that swept the hall. “I don’t like leavin’ anymore than you like me bein’ away, but the Lord’s message needs spreading. And I know, that Pastor Walker is more than capable of serving you in my absence, which is more than most places can say.” He paused again, letting them consider his words before he approached the meat of his sermon.
at times this felt unbearably sappy, but that's kind of what i like about it so i hope you do too.
He listens to the noise on the other end of the phone.
Cas is at once cold and hot. It feels like there’s electricity running through his body, pooling in his elbows and knees. He reaches out to take Dean’s hand, clenched so hard around the steering wheel it’s trembling slightly, the knuckles a stark white. Dean jumps, but relaxes under his touch. “How long have you felt this way?” Cas asks him gently.
“Uh-huh. Senton High the next town over. You going there?” Dean either didn’t notice Castiel’s embarrassment or he ignored it, for which the other boy was grateful.
“Honestly?” Dean sighs, “I don’t know. But
Sam was already through the gate but Dean turned to wait for him. “It gets wider further down.” He jerked his head in the direction Sam had gone, “we can wait for them to finish. It’s like a five minute walk.”
tight.”
“Yeah well, the guy deserved it.”
On cue, a hand forces it way out the ground, smeared with mud and blood. Slowly, it’s followed by a gasping, leather-clad figure. Dean watches himself warily as he heaves himself onto the grass and takes his first real breath in 40 years, eyes blinking up at a sun he only dimly remembers. Bobby takes a step forward, but Dean throws a hand out. “Hold on, give me a moment.”
“Do you know where the exit is hidden?” Cas asks hopefully.
“Well, you know your own body.” Jim said, already backing into the hallway, “just hope it’s not catching.”
Dean blows more smoke into the air. “There’s barely a day where I don’t think about it,” he says – turning to look at Sam. “It’s always there – waiting. There’s more of it than there is up here y’know? Forty years. Sometimes I don’t think I ever escaped – that I’ll open my eyes and be on that fucking rack again. Or worse: off it. But still there.”
“I can see the path, but not the destination,” Deans says wryly, shaking his head. “That door should take you one step closer: and each me will be able to point you on,” he shrugs again. “Probably. I dunno how I know – bit of a plot hole really – but it sounds right, doesn’t it?”
Cas’ sag of relief was obvious. “Yes. How did you know?”
validate me pls.
“I think you’re doing fine,” Cas reassures him. Then he adds: “Though I’ve also never done this so I’m not exactly in a position to comment on your skills. Frankly, however, I think that we’ve probably been ‘fucking it up’ for years, so at this point anything is an improvement.”
Castiel opened his mouth to retort, but thought better of it. He knew his father would be furious if he got into a fight on his first day (and with the other Pastor’s son no less) and he also knew it would only make Uriel hate Dean more. He knew all that, but he also knew he’d never wanted to punch someone as badly as he did now. He forced himself to be content with imagining it for now. He hoped it would be enough to see him through the day.
“What?”
Sam thinks. “Let’s start at the bottom and work our way up,” he suggests. “The very bottom.”
“And what about me?” Dean snaps, the first time he’s let the emotions he’s clearly feeling into his voice. “What about this family?”
“Of course, where else would he be?” she gestured towards the back room. “He’s sleeping right now, but he won’t mind if you wake him.”
“I guess it doesn’t. But here I am offering and you’re gonna pretend you’re not even a little bit tempted? That after all those years watching us mud monkeys you’ve never even wondered about what we get up to down in the dirt?”
She looked at him in disbelief, her mouth open slightly in complete surprise. “What’s wrong?” she asked, dangerously slow. “You need to ask what’s wrong?”
************************************
“Yeah,” Cas could see it clearly now. “And if it sounds like I blame you for everything, he won’t suspect that we’ll still be seeing each other. But what about you?”
“Cas wasn’t with me,” now Dean just sounded confused. “He never showed: I figured he decided to stay with his Dad.”
“Where’re you goin’ son?” Jim was standing in the doorway to the living room, arms crossed.
“Interesting,” Uriel leaned in close so that Sam, who was watching them curiously, couldn’t hear. “He doesn’t seem to know. Or...” his voice turned dangerous. “Or, you’ve already perverted him?”
He hadn’t paid attention to where his feet where taking him, yet he wasn’t surprised to find himself home.
Bobby ignores him. “This spell you’re under is gonna do most everything it can to trap you. I know you know you gotta fight it.”
“Dean!” Sam calls, alarmed, but to no avail. Dean remains rooted to the spot, unable to even turn his head.
“Gee I don’t know: I’m only part of your brain,” Bobby sarcastically calls from behind him. “The only part that actually seems to be working right now.”
Dean shrugs. “Things got pretty bad after that and –” he looks at Cas, meaningfully.  “–pretty complicated too. There was the whole apocalypse thing to deal with, then you died and I was with Lisa. Then you were back but didn’t have a soul and then there were the leviathan and then I was in purgatory and then there were the trials and then there was the mark and then and then and then…” he trails off, eyes bright, and stops walking. “They probably figure I’m dead; and that’s probably easier at this point.”
“Eh, who knows?” Dean shrugs. “Probably go drag Dad out from the bottom of whatever bottle he’s drownin’ in, then let myself get fucked stupid by some bartender,” He lies back against the hood of the impala, putting another cigarette back into his mouth, lighting it with shaking hands. “Or maybe I just wait here a while.”
“Night Son.”
The only way for Castiel to save Dean was to let him go.
“My father wouldn’t let me leave without ‘repenting’.”
“A vulnerability,” Cas explains. “It will have latched on to a particularly strong emotion. We just need to find the source of that emotion.”
Sunday again. How had it only been a week? To Dean it felt like a life time.
The kid laughs hollowly. “He says this whole ‘trans thing’ is just me trying to get attention and that I’m an idiot who doesn’t understand biology. He threw a fit when he found out I was coming here today. I had to sneak out the window.”
The space around them turns a dirty red. “I think you gave me a headache,” Dean observes dryly.
Dean’s eyes droop closed again as he mumbles: “’M...sleepin’.”
“What about him?” Dean asked, and Sam was surprised at the stoniness in his voice.
“You mean because I’m so amazing?”
“The library seems as good an idea as any,” Dean suggested as they made their way slowly round the church. “We don’t actually have to study though do we?”
“Dean must not have looked out the window,” Cas says. “So as far as this memory is concerned, the rest of the window  and everything beyond what he saw outside it doesn’t exist – only the parts of the world that he interacted with have been replicated, nothing more, nothing less.”
“Did you really just have to fucking ask me that?” Demon Dean steps forward into the memory proper, his eyes flickering to black. The space around him warps and ripples, the ground bulging, the trees in the background curving away –as if he’s at the centre of a fisheye lens. “The spell.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m just no good at this. Like I said, I’ve never done this before.”
thing to do,” Dean interjects from the side, “be to ask Dean?”
he began to shout  in earnest now, his voice echoing off the walls of eerily quiet church. “Tell me folks: can we let an abomination like this live among us?”
“It’s awful,” Sam wheezes. “God!”
Now though, with the barriers removed and permission given, he finds himself drifting into new imaginings that remind him of dreams, though some of them may also be memories. Dean smiling, laughing. Dean kissing him. Fingers brushing over skin, running through hair. The feel of stubble on the palm of his hand, breath on the side of his neck. It’s only the disgruntled cough of the teenager at the till brings him back to reality.
“Dad,” he reached through the space between them. John’s hands clasped around his wrists before he got there. They were strong hands, rough and calloused from years of work. Dean could feel his thick fingers digging into the skin of his arms. He let out an involuntary gasp at the pain.
He opened the front door as quietly as he could, listening for the sound of his father’s (fakest) real laughter. The house was eerily silent however. Maybe they were praying. He made his way towards the stairs when a voice called out behind him.
Last time he’d spoken to Pastor Walker it hadn’t ended well. Though Dean doubted the man would actually follow through on any of his curses, he didn’t want rekindle the animosity between them, especially in front of Castiel and his Father. That was why he’d left without knocking he told himself. Not because he was scared. He
When all they were greeted with was silence, Jim tried a different angle.
myself here ahead of you.” He looks around, grunts. “So this is hell? Doesn’t look like much.”
Dean finally reached the doors. Time seemed to slow as he took a parting glance at the crowd. He saw his father, terrible for the hatred in his eyes.  Uriel and Pastor Walker both wore the same look of pugnacious satisfaction, while Jim practically glowed with vindication. Standing below him, his face the mirror opposite of his father’s, Castiel watched him with unspeakable grief.
“Then let’s do this,” Dean said grimly, walking to the car.
She laughs because this is the funniest thing that’s happened to her in a while. She laughs hard enough that her stomach begins to hurt, and even Cas smiles. For a few seconds they stand apart; Dean is happy to catch her breath for a moment, and to take the opportunity to look at Cas properly.
When he did sleep, he dreamed of Castiel. Of their kiss. Of his eyes. When he woke – hours before Sam’s alarm – he was smiling.
“If you aren’t going to read, get out!” A voice snapped out from behind them, causing both of them to jump. The old lady was glaring at them from her desk, pointing towards the exit.
“Go fuck myself…yourself,” Dean laughs loudly at his own joke.
a liar when all I’ve done is love. You don’t know what love is: all you can do is hate. So you can scream and shout at me all you want. You can call me a liar or a snake or the goddam devil himself and it won’t change a damn thing. I
The next time he’s semi-conscious, the whole sky is purple and there’s a sheep floating in front of his face, mooing. He thinks he’s probably dreaming. He closes his eyes.
Not much had changed in ten years, except that no one seemed to have dusted. He remembered sneaking in on that last day, remembered the dark patches on the wall where photographs of him had once hung. They were gone now: the shadows had faded into nothing in some places while in others new frames obscured them. He stopped in front of a patch of wall where, he thought, there had once been a picture of Mom, holding him in her arms (the photo had been too big to take with him, he wondered what had happened to it.) There was a new photograph now and he leaned in to study it. Two mismatched figures stood in front of the car. Sam – a ridiculously tall 17 year old in a navy suit that was slightly too short with floppy hair that was slightly too long – had his arm clasped awkwardly around the waist of a dark haired girl in a red dress. They were both grinning bashfully towards the camera. Dean smiled back.
A faint thumping (From Sam’s headphones) drifts across from the back seat. Cas frowns, even more confused than before. “I thought Sam was tired?” he asks Dean. “How is he meant to sleep when the music is so loud?”
Luckily, Jim seemed pleased at the opportunity for an impromptu sermon. “Son, there’s nothing I wish for more than for everyone to be saved. I thought it was possible, for a long time I did. But what did I accomplish? All I did was bring sinners into contact with good people. I learned that people need to want to be saved, and Dean’s made it crystal clear that he don’t.” He paused, looking hard into the watching eyes. His eyes met Cas’ last of all, and he held his Son’s gaze as he finished, watching for any flicker of emotion.
Dean was surprised to find he was thinking about Castiel – he’d be starting today. They’d had a good time the previous night, and it would be nice to have someone new to talk to. Benny and Meg had eyes only for each other recently, and Dean was getting bored of third wheeling them.  Unlike everyone else Dean knew, Castiel’s eyes weren’t tinged with pity when they looked at him. They all seemed to pity him these days. Or they were angry at him.
“Or you could just take us to the
There was nothing else to do either. Everyone was weirdly invested in this dance, even Benny and Meg, who were no doubt sucking face somewhere inside. He would have to take his chances. Maybe, he thought hopefully, Hael had had enough of being ignored too, and had ditched Cas for someone more attentive.
“If that’s ok.”
It wasn’t the same voice (how could it be?) but he knew (how could he not?)  And spun round so fast he stumbled, clutching a chair for support.
but guarded:  the emotions that had once flashed so freely across them gone. Or maybe Sam had just forgotten how to read them.
I close my eyes, to stop the tears. I’m scared. I concede and get in the car.
“Seeing as you don’t seem to remember, I’m going to be direct as ask as plainly as possible,” Castiel sounded nervous, which made Dean nervous. Dean tried to wrack his memory as quickly as he could, but turning up nothing and making his brain hurt even more, “you said you like me, is-is that true?”
“N-no thanks, where’s Cas? Gabe?” Dean asked, looking at an agitated Benny.
“More than anything.”
“Why?” Sam asked incredulously, “because I love him, like you loved Ca-“
“A-are you nervous?”
“Yes Cas?”
“Cas kept a diary here… maybe it says what happened to him here!” he laughed, dropping to his knees and leafing through it. And he would have continued. If he didn’t get a phone call. “Sammy?… what happened?… shit wait there… Jess will be fine, the ambulance got her right? … I’ll be there in a moment.” Dean threw his phone onto the couch and ran out of the shack. Completely forgetting me.
“I did,” Castiel blushed, “I was also hoping to get a blonde… if you have any ready that is…”
“T-they’re meeting us somewhere else…” Benny said much too quickly, before walking to the blonde and crouching slightly so they were at eye height. “Tell me honestly, what did those cunts do to you?” Benny asked, studying Dean’s face.
“Oh Dean, I'm sorry did I awaken you?” Cas said, his very formal way of speaking making Dean’s erection perk even more. Blushing Dean answered his best friend.
“Dean!” the imaginary voice in Dean’s head called, closing his eyes Dean was wishing that it was Castiel’s dick choking him. Tears slipped out of his eyes as he heard the voice getting further away as Benny face fucked him.
“Please do,” Castiel begged, catching the man’s green eyes.
The shop was open but empty when Castiel got there; Dean was putting new dolls on the shelves and smiling proudly at each of them as if he had been the one to make them. “A-are you the one who makes these?” Castiel asked, blushing under the almost undressing gaze of the man.
I ignore the grumble in my stomach. Watching Dean with ‘bedroom eyes’, noticing the slight erection in his pants, it makes me smirk.
But instead of phasing through the door he smacked straight into it. “Curious,” Castiel muttered to himself, looking down at his body to find himself completely naked. “Curiouser and curiouser.” He muttered again, slightly alarmed. Several scenarios burst through his brain, but if the one that seemed the least logical was right… well he wouldn’t mind ducking into Dean’s wardrobe first.
“That’s the way life goes,” Gabriel murmured, “come on, there’s one more place to go,” he added, walking towards the excite and beckoning for Dean to follow.
I try to explain I didn’t let him, he just started doing it.
“I-I don’t know, I mean only I can see you… and I can’t touch you,” Dean muttered. Castiel sighed, and closed his eyes.
“Imaginary?” Dean asked, “Cas isn’t…”
“Castiel, it’s time to go,” he informs me. He’s equal parts annoyed and amused.
Ring. Ring. Ring.
Dean smiled nicely at the beautiful girl who sat next to him on a picnic blanket, his car hiding them from view from anyone else. It was the first time in a while any girl at the school had agreed to a date with him, not that it mattered; all he wanted was a good fuck. And this new girl was just what he needed. She was very pretty, dark hair and blue eyes, just his type. He knew his baby brother Sam and his best friend Cas would kill him for this. But it’s not like the girl is a virgin! She told the most popular girls she had a boyfriend and they did it on several occasions. But they broke up, so it’s fine to have sex with her. He’s not taking anything, just enjoying… right?  “S-so Dean, I heard you have a brother,” Sarah blushed, looking away from the green eyed boy in front of her. Dean merely leaned closer, gently placing a hand on the girl’s thigh.
She points out every little thing that she has noticed.
“But.. I- where- Benny?” Dean asked to many questions, sitting up, only to fall back on his back and crying in pain.
I look up. Crowley is standing in the doorway looking equal bits amused and angry.
Dean pushed himself away from the gravestone, scrambling away from it as quickly as possible. He didn’t stop until his back hit another headstone. Five years, five years until Cas couldn’t deal with it anymore. Did he really love him that much? “No. No. No. No. No.” Dean whimpered, covering his mouth with his hand to stop any whimpers that try to escape his mouth, “is this really my fault?”
“I clearly am with my family Sam, mum and dad died years ago,” Dean pointed out, “and you know I don’t celebrate this obnoxious holiday.”
“God I forgot how gorgeous he was,” Dean laughed to himself, fully aware that he was being watched by at least one Gabriel. He plonked himself down next to the darker haired man, and drawing his knees up to his chest.
“Gabriel I am your brother!” I meowed, beginning to freak out. Don’t give me away. I’m your brother! I’m a human! Gabriel kept me in his hand as he went to his room and picked up his phone, calling a family friend who had been talking about adopting a cat lately.
“Seriously this is not a day I’d like to remember!” Dean yelled, staring at the door in horror. The world around him seemed frozen as the door opened, revealing the school’s headmaster Alistair as he entered the room, a sleazy grin on his face. Crowley snapped his fingers, making the scene fizzle into darkness, his face full of uncharacteristic concern.
Dean got off not long after, meeting us at the oversized pine tree that had been lavishly decorated. Apparently some other son of one of the Ladies of the Church was forced to take his spot. “Charlie! Cas!” Dean called to us as he appeared, the crowd parting for him like he was Moses.
“What about Claire?” Dean mumbled, looking at the skeletal ghost, who closed his eyes and lowered his head.
“I don’t know,” Castiel grinned, standing up, “I have a pulse and I’m hungry! And I can touch you.”
“Yes he is son, you need to grow up,” John said rather harshly. Castiel watched John storm out of the room before hesitantly walking into the room and crouching next to Dean who was sobbing.
Dean continued to stare in horror at the stone, until he heard a crunching in the snow. Looking up he was unsettled to find Gabriel looking much like his brother had with a scraggly beard and lengthened hair. However, his hair was clearly dirty and he had deeper bags under his eyes. “Fuck Cas,” Gabriel gasped, falling to his knees in front of the stone. Dean couldn’t see his face, but he assumed he was crying, “this is all that fucking Winchester’s fault! You’re dead and Im broken. And fuck I’m about to do something stupid Cas. Im going to take his brother from him like he did mine. And then I’m going to get rid of him. You won’t ever have to see him either because he’ll be in hell.” Dean wouldn’t get to hear the rest as the world began to swirl and turn.
“I'm fine, I just had a rough break up that’s all,” Dean brushed it off, wincing as Mary all but shoved the ice pack onto his face.
“Are you going to follow them?”  Crowley asked, appearing next to the door to the kitchen and peeking in.
“Dean, why are you blushing?” I asked, worrying about my best friend.
“I'm actually going to head to bed, save me some pie?”
“Tonight would be perfect, should I pick you up?”
“No you’re not, homosexuality has been proven to be natural, not a sin or a mental illness,” Dean pressed, “and even if it hadn’t, I’m no better! Because I’m in love with you Cas.” Castiel looked up at Dean with wide eyes to find Dean a blushing mess.
“I'm not punishing you Dean,” I told him, crawling onto his lap and nuzzling him, rolling onto my back to look up at him. He rubbed my stomach, scratching it slightly making me purr. My beautiful Dean, don’t be sad. We sat like that until the sun began to set and Dean’s phone buzzed, signalling that he had a text. He stood up and stretched, I managed to get off his lap just in time, “careful stupid.” I hissed… quite literally.
“Hey Mary, how’s Sam and Dean?” he asked, having a polite conversation with Mary before getting to the point, “Look I’m calling to tell you about the cat that Castiel brought home, you know as well as I that Michael told him no more cats… you want him? Okay I can bring him over as soon as you’re ready… you’re not home… oh I’ll just give him to Dean!… Okay just make sure he’s dressed this time. Bye”  Gabriel tossed aside his phone and grabbed his school bag, his detour meant he’d probably be late, but it was far from the first thing on my mind.
“What the shit? Who are you?” Dean hissed at her.
When Dean came out of his room he was surprised to find his giant of a little brother standing outside. “Sammy?” he croaked, looking at the shaggy haired teenage boy.
“No I believe you were fucking my brother,” Gabriel’s voice chimed, making Dean’s face pale as Sam stared at him, “shall we have this conversation somewhere where the maids won’t go tell homophobes like your father?”
Another building, another photo shoot.
I awaken in hospital. They scold Crowley and I am told by the doctors not to continue this lifestyle.
“Punishing my slave,” Castiel shrugged, before leaving his room, Dean protesting all the way down to the horse they were going to be riding.
Its Dean, I feel my pulse quicken. What’s wrong with me?
Dean was growing up and didn’t need his ghost anymore.
“I would too, but… luckily for you I’ll never get bored of fucking you.” Castiel laughed, kissing Dean who kissed him back happily.
“You,” Dean stated, “Benny told me you’re an orphan.”
“More? More?” Benny asked, holding his hand to his chest as though he had been insulted before a big smile spread across his face, “of course Claire,” he told her, ladling  some soup – which Dean assumed was what he had been stirring – into her bowl making the little girl grin and running off to eat the soup before it cooled.
“B-because I didn’t want you to think less of me,” Castiel admitted.
“I heard about this place, and wanted to tell you that I want to help,” Dean admitted blushing when Benny stared at him slack jawed, “and I was also thinking about raising your pay so you have more for you and giving any spare expense from the restaurant here.”
Slam. Clack. Groan.
1986 – August 20
Crowley was furious. Dean was stunned. And they just kept fighting over me. Over the fact that I am just property. Just a tool to make Crowley richer.
“I love you by the way,” Castiel told his husband, rolling onto his side to look at him. Dean copied his brunet, raising an eyebrow.
“I guess it is true, our son has become a monster,” John sighed, making Dean growl deep in his throat.
“You have ears,” he pointed out, making me raise an eyebrow, only to moan lewdly when he rubbed one between his fingers.
“Say it again,” Castiel growled into Dean’s ear making the smaller male rock his hips and pull out a gasp from Castiel.
“Mary?” John asked at the same time as Sam asking “mum?”
Dean’s erection pulling out gasp after moan from the younger man.
September 18
“You offered!” Castiel defended himself, pouting none the less. So mean, he thought, deciding to punish Dean… but if he’s being offered sex… maybe another time.
“How about tonight? I’ll treat you to dinner…” Dean suggested, handing Castiel the dolls and letting him put them in the brown car. When the dark haired man stood up he tripped slightly, but didn’t fall into Dean’s arms, “See you’re already falling for me.”
“Could someone imaginary teach you how to play piano?” Castiel snorted, “or teach you stuff you didn’t know about the American Civil War?”
Dean’s next girlfriend was either psycho or a genius. The first time Castiel saw her she sensed him immediately. And she told Dean that. Castiel hadn’t heard her name but she had dragged Dean out to buy lavender and sage, which she said would rid the house of any ghosts.
“Charlie!” Castiel chirped, rushing over and hugging his best friend who hugged him back.
“Open it and find out,” Dean grinned, watching as Cas carefully plucked it out of his hand and opened it up, his eyes closing and a frustrated huff left his lips. He opened his eyes once more and pulled out the ring to inspect it, his eyes watering when he read the inscription.
Dean walked over to the child who was sitting in the corner of the room, cross legged on the floor, glaring at any of the men or women who neared her. She was a cute kid, no older than twelve at most. With thick locks of blonde hair that fell to her mid back and large, round blue eyes. But Dean didn’t let that deter him. He sat facing her, placing the bowl between them as a peace offering. She stared at it suspiciously before lunging for it and gobbling it up quickly in fear he might take it back. When she got to the bottom she placed the bowl back between them and gave him a suspicious look. “What do you want?” she asked quietly, looking to Benny who smiled in a way to tell her it was okay to talk to Dean.
“What the fuck Meg, you threw a virgin into my room and practically watched as I raped the poor child!”
You do not own me.
“Like him.” Dean’s simple answer stopped Castiel in his tracks, his mouth falling open ever so slightly. Breath hitching in his chest like a love stuck school girl seeing her third crush of the week push his hair back in just the right way.
“Lisa I-“
“Cas wasn’t a twit, and he didn’t follow me like a lost kitten!” Dean defended me, holding me closer to his chest. Watching as his boyfriend put his clothes on.
“Doing a lot more than watching Dean,” Sam pointed out making both Castiel and Dean flair up.
“I could ask the owner,” the blonde smiled, he had a very gorgeous smile, Castiel noted.
“I would love to,” he said before kissing Castiel again, he had to wait a little over a week to see him again. Like hell he wasn’t going to get as many kisses as he could before Cas went.
“Why not?” Cas quietly demanded, sitting back, “also don’t say it like that! It makes it sound dirty!”
“You finally grew the balls to kiss him?”
“I'm going to go get the doll I ordered for Anna’s Christmas present,” Castiel blushed, being more in a rush to see the man.
The day after tomorrow, Dean would be flying home to Kansas for Christmas, and wouldn’t be able to see Castiel for two full weeks. And to the drunken mind of the twenty-one-year-old, this was a perfectly reasonable memento of his friend to take. Not a picture or something the other man could have willingly gave him, no, it had to be his underwear. This was for reasons still yet unknown, at least to Dean Winchester, who was heavily in denial about his crush on his best friend. Who, for the last twenty minutes, had been attempting to shimmy up the drain pipe to access Castiel’s room from the outside.
“Do you have a wife?”
“Am I not allowed to feel empathy for my best friend!” Gabe tried, making my eyes widen. Dean’s teasing of them being a couple must have made Gabe very happy then.
“I trust you,” Dean promised, gasping as Castiel’s tongue darted out and licked over the top of  Dean’s hole. Licking again Castiel took it slower, pressing his tongue down a bit to massage it a little bit. Lick. Kiss. Kiss. Lick. Lick. Probe. Lick. Kiss. Probe. Probe. Kiss. Lick. Castiel grinned into Dean’s arse every time the blonde dropped his head onto the bed as he tried to keep his body from letting Castiel have the satisfaction of making him cum just by fiddling with his anus. Pushing his tongue in as deep as it would go, Castiel felt his lover shaking, “C-Cas.” He stuttered out, making the darker haired man pull his tongue out and flip the red boy onto his back and take his cock into his mouth and suck as hard as he possibly could, causing Dean to break and cum in his mouth. After swallowing the entire load and pulling away, wiping the saliva away from his lower lip.
“W-what?” Cas stuttered, “w-why would I?”
“Y-you don’t remember?” Castiel frowned, walking over to Dean and touching his arm, however unlike every other time he tried to make contact – his hand didn’t go through.
“Sorry, I know you probably get this a lot, but you’re gorgeous, perfect even."
When Dean arrived home I zoomed out of the house, making him follow me, but I tried to get him to follow me. Even if that meant hiding a little bit. I hoped if we got to the shack we built he would work out who I was. But by the time I got inside, he was fast enough to pick me up. “How did you know how to get here? And with the way that only Cas and I knew?” Dean asked, looking around.
“I don’t know! I went to bed a human and woke up a cat!” I complained.
“Either way what’s done is done,” I told him, kissing him and helping as he maneuvered us into a position that he could fuck me from without hurting me too much. He slowly pushed himself into me, holding me tightly and I clutched to him, hissing in pain from the unfamiliar feeling of his length inside me. When he was fully in me he stopped moving and held my face to calm me down.
“Get lost and go home Benny, before I change my mind and make you work tomorrow,” Dean told the southerner, making him chuckle.
It should be noted, despite the late hour, Castiel Novak was in fact not asleep but in the bathroom, neck deep in a hot bath. So, when Dean made his way upstairs to find Castiel’s bedroom dark, he was sensible enough to assume Castiel was deep asleep and not turn the light on. However, this made it rather had to distinguish what was what, and he fumbled around for a few minutes in the dark before finding Castiel’s drawers. Castiel however, at the time Dean would manage to find which drawer contained his desired prize, would return to his room; with only a towel wrapped around his waist. To find a rather splotchy faced Dean stretching a pair of batman briefs and staring at them as though they were fine diamonds.
“Who?”
“Sorry, we might have to leave without them soon,” Castiel instructed the three brothers, looking at the youngest who was holding Sam’s hand and rubbing his eyes sleepily.
“His girlfriend Jess was in a car crash… she isn’t expected to make it past tonight,” Dean sobered up, plonking me onto the back seat, throwing a blanket around me before going back and getting his pants from the shack.
“Can we just go before I say something stupid?” Dean blushed, grabbing Castiel’s hand and dragging him out the door and to his car.
I can barely afford the apartment I never get to go home to!
“I think I got it,” Dean panted, hitting that spot again and again.
By the time I had rode out my orgasm Dean had already cum inside me, by the time he had pulled out he was too lazy to move me off his lap. So I kinda just clung to him, shaking with both pain and fear. Fear that I’d wake up. Fear that he would be back with Benny. Fear that this could never happen. Dean seemed to notice me shaking however. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
“I should get you home before it’s too late,” Dean told the girl, standing up and dusting his pants off and helping the now confused girl to stand up.
A car door opens. I’m shoved in the back, Crowley hops in the front.
She’s worried. I shrug it off, tell her I’m fine. I’m fine; I think I’m trying to convince myself too.
“Cas,” Meg hisses from the front door, “you’re starting to get pale, you need a break.”
“Oh…” Cas murmured. Taking one of Dean’s arms and biting the skin making Dean wince.
“With all my heart,” Dean blushed, “but I messed up, and I’m scared I might lose him.”
The town of Olsburg seemed to grow out of the horizon. Dean and Cas walked as slowly as they dared but the houses came closer and closer with every step. They’d avoided the road, kept to the fields, so no one had seen them. Yet.
Jonah (as he’s apparently called) laughs – a deep hearty (undeniably masculine) laugh. “You’re just lucky I had the night off work.”
“What do we do?” Cas had asked. His voice had been so small and scared. It had terrified Dean. He’d needed Cas to be strong.
Lucifer pouts at him, slowly advancing forwards so that any move Dean makes will inevitably bring them closer together. “Make me.”
“He said ‘begins’, right?” Sam asks hopefully. “That could mean an early memory, like you said.”
“Of course John, why don’t I come over tonight? I’ll bring Castiel to keep the boys company; we’ll make a meal of it.”
Dean regards himself suspiciously for a few moments, then nods reluctantly. He slides off the bed and takes his hand (the gun hanging from the other) – leading himself over to the crib. After a moment’s hesitation, he pulls the quilt down, revealing nothing underneath.
“No,” Dean shakes his head, still not looking at them. “You can’t leave.” his voice quivers a little. “Not ‘till Dad comes back.”
“No,” Dean sobs. “That’s
“Don’t be a stranger Sammy,” his voice was slightly muffled as he spoke into Sam’s shoulder. And If there was a slight wetness on Sam’s shirt when they pulled back, Sam ignored it just as Dean was ignoring the glittering in Sam’s eyes, the quaver in his voice.
“Yeah I know Cas, but they’ve got a point: I’m not safe to be around anymore.”
The baggy suit and trench coat hide a lot, she realises. In it, Cas is an endearing dork, threatening only because she knows what he’s capable of. Underneath the ill-fitting clothes, however, his body is lean and muscled: the body of a soldier. It must have been Cas, she thinks, and not Jimmy that had made the body that way. She thinks back to the power she had sensed under his fingers, and the grace that had shattered windows and mirrors, that had made her ears bleed. He’s so big, so much bigger than she could ever really understand, and it’s evident in the angular plain of his stomach, the long lines of his arms – made hard and strong by the mere pressure of his presence.
did you get ahead of me?” He demands from the ground.
“You know,” he says, feigning a yawn to cover up his smile when both Dean and Cas jump. “I’m actually kinda beat. Could you pull over so I can stretch out in the back? Cas can swap with me.”
It was a short car journey, only ten minutes or so, to the next town over. John worked as a mechanic in a garage near Sam’s middle school, and he enjoyed dropping the boys off and picking them up. It comforted him, that he could be present in their lives in any way, no matter how small.
“Don’t touch him,” hisses Cas.
“Hmm I don’t think you’ve learned your lesson yet Dean.” Uriel shook his head with mock sadness. “Your kind, see, your kind are persistent. We may have scared you away this time, but you’ll only try again when you think we aren’t around.” He nodded at Michael who grabbed Dean’s other arm and trapped them behind his back painfully.
“And this time there’s actually a hunt,” Sam adds. “Salt and burn, pretty standard.”
Castiel’s ride to the Winchesters was far from silent. His father kept a running commentary all through the ridiculously short drive.
“Considering we’ve been having variations of this conversation for the past hour, I think we can infer.”
“Cas?” he asks warily. “That you?”
“Yeah?”
“What I did can’t ever be forgiven,” Dean says flatly. “And I stopped trying to forgive myself a long time ago. I know I held out for as long as I could (which was nowhere near long enough) and I know I’ve done some good since I got back…but I still don’t feel any better about it so don’t try to make me.”
Dean makes a small noise in the back of his throat, and looks at Sam for the first time since Alistair ripped his heart out. Sam’s breath catches at the sight of Dean’s eyes – brimming with pain, shame and unshed tears. He can’t help but look away – only for a second.  But, by the time he twists his head back the tears are gone, the eyes dead. Dean takes a faltering step – legs nearly giving out beneath him – clutching the knife tightly.
“Ow!”
Dean freezes, mouth agape as he stares at the boy. The boy stares back. They have the same eyes – though not much else. There is, Cas thinks, a continuity in the set of their shoulders, the way their hands curve around the gun and, perhaps, the way they angle themselves between the danger and Sam.
“Pretty much, yeah,” Sam shrugs. “We looked into it some and turns out the old park keeper – Harvey Fitzgerald – was also a pretty dedicated street preacher. You know the sort. Billboard round his neck, bible in his hand. He died last month of a heart attack.”
Sam and Cas scramble to follow him. “Did Dad…hurt you often?” Sam asks, rage tinting the edge of his voice. “Like that?”
of the pride parade?”
A metallic click has them spinning around instantly. “Huh,” Dean (who had definitely not been there before, but has also clearly been here the whole time) says, sitting on the hood of the impala, lighting the cigarette in his mouth. “Your hair’s longer.”
at a normal life, doesn’t know what he’s missed out on’,” Dean takes a deep, shuddering breath. “Well that’s not true, ok? I know how to defend myself and what I love – I wasn’t afraid to stand up to him when it really counted, to stand up for you. And I wasn’t afraid to make my other life – even if it was only in the in-betweens. I just decided one was more important, just like you have,” Dean points at Sam, eyes flashing. “It was
“Then why leave?”
Now it was Dean’s turn to shrug. “S’not much of a story really. Moved from one town to another: worked odd jobs until I had enough to move on. Eventually I made my way here, started saving until I could buy the place.”
“You need to remember,” Sam doesn’t try to keep the desperation out his voice. “You don’t wanna do this.”
He ignored the pain the thought caused. It was weak, it was sinful.
I’ve done nothing wrong. I
Dean found his attention wavering again; he didn’t enjoy church the way Sammy and John did, never found solace in faith, no matter how much he committed to it. He didn’t normally come to church anymore. What was the point? What had God ever done for him?
“Yeah well, that was more than ten years ago. I’m a grumpy old man now; I’ve had my fun.”
“Well I ain’t gonna be so nice!” he all but shouted. “I’m not afraid to call a spade a spade. They’re perverts, faggots,  inebriates,
Dean (the other Dean) shrugs and smiles slyly. “Hey, you’re not the only me that cheats. You know what they say: all’s fair in love and war.”
not the problem,” John says sarcastically. “Which means you’re either too stupid or too incompetent to do the one thing I expect of you – which is it?”
“It’s amazing right?” he said softly.
“We can find another way.  There’s always another way,” Dean insists, ducking his head slightly to meet Cas’ wavering gaze. “You don’t have to do this,” his voice cracks. “I need
“It’s ok Dad,” he’d needed to reassure his father, but his voice had cracked traitorously.
anywas
“Enough of this,” the spell says impatiently. “We tried the charm offensive and it didn’t work. You’ve played with your food enough. Just do what I brought you here for and end this.”
Her head disappeared then reappeared once more. “Are you handsome?” she asked, eying him with indifference.
“He was playin’ in the pool with some other kids from the motel. He’s probably just with them.”
“We haven’t quite figured that bit out yet,” Dean admits, “but we’re gonna and we will – no matter what it takes.”
“You need to be more careful,” Uriel informed him as soon as he sat down.
Avoiding the “God Squad”, as Dean called them, became easier as the week dragged on. Castiel found himself suspiciously alone in between classes, and the seat next to Dean in the one lesson they did share had mysteriously opened up. Cas was sure that Jim had told Uriel (or had told his father who passed the message on) of his “mission” to save Dean, and that Uriel had passed the word on to the others. He wasn’t annoyed, it meant he could spend even more time with Dean while still fulfilling his “Preacher’s Son” role for the other students.
“Yeah?”
Cassie snorts. “Sure thing.”
“No!” Dean shouts, raising the shotgun once again. “You can’t!”
And he’d enjoyed it. That was the unavoidable truth.
had left him speechless.
“Shut up,” he warns, not taking his eyes off Cas.
“No Sir,” he sounded indifferent. “C’mon Sammy. Castiel.”
“Ah come on! You’re a rebel now, Cas; you don’t got to care about what’s appropriate anymore. Besides – ” she shrugs out of her jacket and starts unbuttoning her shirt “ – this way, no matter what happens, you get to say you’ve been inside me before Michael,” she laughs and is only half joking when she says: “maybe if you defile me enough, they won’t want me as a vessel anymore.”
Cas’ felt rage, white hot, pushing at him, urging him to speak. “Aren’t you at least going to give him a chance?”  His father’s gaze snapped to his, a fury to rival Cas’ own evident on his face.
In Castiel’s daydreams, Dean had turned up to school on Monday. Even though it was the most stupid idea imaginable, Cas had pictured him sitting in his normal seat, a half smile on his lips and the chair next to him ready and waiting as always.
They stay that way for a long time – and Cas can feel when Dean begins to relax. He feels hands leave his wrist and rematerialize in his hair, pulling him closer as Dean deepens the kiss. Cas lets him take the lead while also trying to put everything he couldn’t say with words into the press of their mouths. He can feel the wetness of Dean’s cheeks – pressed up against his own – the pleasant burn of stubble on stubble. He can feel every atom that Dean is made of – a trillion tiny stars all pressing towards him – calling to particles of his vessel and his grace, crashing into one another in triumphant waves. This, he thinks, is better than anything God has ever given him.
“I know,” Castiel said as he began to lose himself in his euphoria. “Fuck Dean.” He panted, thrusting into his lover then moving them so that Dean was lying on his back. Thrusting in a more erratic and rough manner, but still managing to get Dean’s prostate each time.
He knelt in front of it, not entirely sure who to expect, and yet fearful of what he might find. But a nagging voice in the back of his mind told him he had already figured it out. And if that was the name on the tombstone he felt as though his heart would give out. Or throw up. Or throw up then have his heart give out.
“What’s up dad?” Dean asked his father, genuinely confused.
“Fuck Cas!” Dean cried, wrapping his legs and arms around Castiel, so that Castiel was closer, and harder. Bursting his load first with the next thrust, his orgasm causing his arse to spasm which made Castiel come in his lover. Riding out their orgasms together, Castiel pulled out and flopped  down next to Dean.
Castiel’s mother forced them to try her favourite, which was a red velvet cake with green cream cheese icing. She didn’t even mention the boys were holding hands, but the smile on her face told them she worked it out pretty quickly. Dean’s mother however made a big scene, fangirling over her son’s relationship and mentioning that if she doesn’t get grandchildren from any of her sons she will be cutting their balls off and having the sperm given to a sperm bank. Dean merely pulled a disturbed Castiel away from his evilly grinning mother. “I'm sorry Cas, she can be a bit crazy at times…” Dean winced, looking at the blue eyed male with a blush.
“I was,” Dean promised, digging into his pocket with his free hand and pulling out the little velvet box, “for this.”
“Dean?” Crowley asked, treading carefully as Dean slid to the ground shaking.
“Sammy,” Dean tried in his most threatening voice… well the most threatening voice he could muster when he could feel Castiel’s erection poking at his butt.
Am I falling in love?
“Leave me alone, you have no right to ridicule my life John Winchester, I am just like you!” Dean hissed, throwing the covers over his body and snuggling down.
“Go to hell,” Sam told him, sticking his tongue out and flipping the channel to one of cartoon channels.
“No, I died after the war, I was very sickly as a child and… things happened,” Castiel told Dean.
“I heard his mother is making him do it, she is in charge of the fair after all,” Charlie grinned as they stepped forward.
“Thank you Gabe, for last night,” Dean muttered, hoping he didn’t just sound crazy. Gabriel broke into a grin, before holding a finger up to his lips.
But how can I when you take seventy five percent of my payments?
“Yeah his name is Cas… Cast…” Dean told the woman, scrunching up his face when he couldn’t pronounce Castiel’s name, he turned to the ghost who smiled invitingly, “how do you say your name?”
“He named your brother after your brother,” I told him.
of December, five days from Christmas, he was going to steal his best friend, Castiel’s, underwear.
“That is why we’re doing this Cas! If you’ve got no money you have to cook. And god knows you and Meg have been sharing enough looks lately that I can tell you’re going to ask her out soon,” Dean smirked, making me roll my eyes, “and if you can’t take a girl like Meg on a date, then you best learn how to cook.”
I’m pressured into an uncomfortable position, everyone staring at me like I’m for lunch. but not Dean.
“It’s not,” Gabriel’s voice called from the doorway, causing Dean to jolt up and look over. His face bright red. “I just wanted you both to know that when you’re ready to go save the kid… and hopefully get some new allies.” He threw some cotton clothes Dean when he heard this jumped off my lap and raced for the door.
“Get dressed, your mother might come in soon,” Castiel told a panting Dean, straightening his clothes and throwing his jacket on. “I'm going to go find Gabe.” Castiel nodded at Dean, walking out of his room. Leaving a very confused and naked Dean on the bed.
“Don’t swear in front of your mother boy,” John growled, appearing next to Dean and lifting him up as though Dean was made of feathers.
“I want to show you the doll I made,” Dean spoke calmly, pulling away from a slightly disappointed Castiel.  He dragged him over to the counter and let the darker haired male see the miniaturised version of himself.
“Sure… fuck me?”
“Meg told me you would,” Dean admitted, looking into the blue abyss that was Castiel’s eyes. His breath hitching against his will. Searching the green eyes of his pet, Castiel felt himself lean his head on that of the blushing teen.
The car starts. My stomach groans. Can I eat something? I stare out the window to occupy my mind.
“A kiss mark,” Dean shrugged, lying back down on his bed.
A third year passes.
I silently wonder if Meg and Crowley loath each other. They’re always fighting.
“About Cas.” Dean stated his voice hitching with my name, hugging me to his chest.
“Is that okay Chuck?” Dean winced, taking me and my squirminess back from his mother.
“That’s none of your business Sammy,” Dean’s voice resonated in my ears; I whipped around to see Dean leaning against the wall. In all his beauty. I felt my breath hitch as he stood up properly and walked over to me. I braced myself for a punch in the face. But instead I felt his hand on my face. I opened my eyes to find him staring at me. My breath hitched as I looked down to his lips and licked my own, before looking back at his eyes. Those beautiful eyes. I was so lost in them I didn’t even notice Sam coming over and smacking our faces together. We both pulled away and rubbed our faces before looking at the little shit. Who was backing away. “Run,” Dean told him, pulling me closer, his voice reverberating in his chest and making me shiver. He looked at me as soon as Sam had scampered off and smiled.
“Must be, you haven’t seen me since I was nine!” Castiel laughed shaking hands with the southerner.
“I-I'm fine!” he said quickly, trying to push me away from him. I merely blinked confusedly and reached over him to check his temperature to make sure the flush on his face wasn’t due to a fever.
“Y-you’re awake!” Cas hissed, “Balthazar wanted to come in to finish our homework after we got kicked out of the library for the night! You could have spoken up!”
When they came upon the food stalls, Castiel had already named the Reindeer; Noel. They stood in line for burgers, greeting the older church goer who recognised Castiel and said they could have the burgers for free and he would throw in a small packet of chips for us to share. The food was delicious, and when they were done it was nearing the end of the judging of the cake competition so the pair of boys wandered over, continuing to be hand in hand whilst chatting shyly with each other.
However, in case you have never been drunk before, your motor-skills are not at peak condition, no matter how much tequila you drink. Let it also be mentioned, that Dean was friends with all four tenants, the landlord and had a rather good rapport with the house cat affectionately known as Mr. Munchies, and did not need to break in to get the underwear as he was in possession of a key.
“Cas where would I live?”
“Nobody in your room hey Dean?” Sam’s voice cut in before either of them could try and make a logical conclusion.
“Cas?” a voice suddenly appeared outside before the door was forcefully opened and my eyes were greeted with Dean. I felt myself perk up, literally sitting up straighter as I watched him walk over to me on unsteady feet. Just managing to catch him when he tripped landing on top of me.
“C-can I get some more?” she asked quietly, looking up at the big man with wide eyes.
Castiel came in an hour later to find Dean pacing, dressed in rugged, torn clothes from the south. Castiel had, unusually also changed his clothes, into a button down shirt, black trousers, a blue and white striped tie left untied around his neck, a black vest and a black penguin coat thrown over his arm. Dean however, was only in a pair of slacks that were missing the button of which were tied up with a piece of rope and an open button up shirt that was missing a few buttons, he shifted uncomfortably as Castiel licked his lips and motioned for the younger to come closer. Gulping audibly Dean slowly walked over to his owner, hanging his head so they didn’t make eye contact, before stopping just before the entrance of the room. “S-so why are you nicely dressed and I look like something out of a bad play?” Dean asked as Castiel buttoned up the few buttons that were still there before getting on his knees and grabbing the bottom of Deans left leg and tearing the knee down off before tearing a slit up to the middle of the thigh and standing up to look Dean over.
“If you do not change your ways by the time you awaken on Christmas morning.”
Dean left the attic and got his girlfriend to leave before coming back up to the attic. When he returned Castiel was sitting on the fainting couch, his knees tucked up against his chest. “Hello Dean,” the ghost greeted, watching Dean as he sat on the other end of the fainting couch and stared at Castiel.
“I love drugging you!” She cackled, bending over as she snorted out her laugh.
Dean grinned to himself after the beautiful man left. No not beautiful. The man had been sexy and cute at the same time. And with his features carved into his brain, Dean closed the shop, thanking the lord for the fact he lived upstairs. When he was upstairs he got out his favourite sketch book and attempted to draw the man from memory, colouring his face in as well. But when he got up to the body he got stumped. “What was he wearing again?” dean asked himself, realizing he hadn’t been able to stop staring at the stranger’s face to look at his body. “Shit.” He cussed, pushing himself from his desk and grabbing the half completed female doll that he had intended to make brunette. But now it was going to be a red head. He worked all night, turning it into a beautiful red head with green eyes. He also put her in a beautiful dark red Lolita dress and some of those classic Lolita shoes with the bow in dark brown. Shaking his head, Dean removed the brown shoes and replaced them with black ones. It took him three days to make her perfect. But by the time he was done he had also started the Angel for his ‘tree’ to look like the man who had commissioned the red headed doll.
“Gabriel, I don’t know if you’ve noticed but I don’t know any of these people,” Dean sighed, rolling his eyes as the other man crossed his arms.
“Fucking hell Dean, yes I’ll bring Cas some when I leave the kitchen!” Sam called out. Dean looked at me as I sat down knowing my work was done.
“Why is such a young girl here?” Dean asked, looking at Gabriel who was now in the kitchen trying to eat the soup out of the pot and failing.
“Do you guys need some privacy?” Sam asked, smirking at his brother who glared at him.
“Cassie,” Dean grinned, walking over to the girl who bit her lip and giggled.
“Yeah, he’d be flattered,” my dad laughed.
“Wait… you dumped Benny for Cas?” Sam asked, coming over and getting disheartened when he saw… me as a cat.
I faint. Seems not eating finally caught up with me.
“You named the kitten after my brother?” Gabe laughed, joining Sam and patting me on the head.
“I made it up as a kid, well actually my imaginary friend taught it to me,” Dean told the girl, furrowing his brow and looking up at the girl who looked amused, “god I haven’t thought about my imaginary friend since I was ten.”
“No it’s not Cas… why do you ask?”
“What if I want there to be strings attached?” Cas asked meekly, slipping the ring onto his ring finger – where it was intended to be.
“I won’t mind,” Castiel told the boy who grinned and told his mother how Castiel replied before they both went into the kitchen for lunch.
Knock. Knock. Cough. Cough.
“Does it matter why? The point is that you did and lost one of your best friends in the process – all because you were pushing everyone away.”
“So you are a ghost?”
Castiel woke up the next morning to shouting. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was hearing because, honestly he felt groggy. Pushing himself off of Dean’s bed he walked towards the door, rubbing his eyes and yawning as he went to phase through the door.
“I don’t know madam,” Castiel answered honestly, blushing under her gaze.
“Dean, why don’t you come help mummy get lunch ready?” Mary butt in before anybody could tell Dean that was impossible, she was handing Sam to her mother already.
“I’ll drag you with me so you can feed me,” I smirked, stealing a piece of cucumber off of the chopping board.
And yet Dean doubted his eyes, mainly because he could see through the pair, and that was more than enough to tell any sane person that they were not really there, thank you very much. “I really need to check that bread’s use by date tomorrow,” Dean told himself before rolling his eyes and burrowing back into his bed, humming grumpily.
“Fuck you.”
“O-okay.”
“Im not too late am I?” Cas asked, his voice rougher than usual from the cold, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
“I am Cas!” I cried, jumping out of his hands and squirming under the couch, pulling out the diary I kept there.
“N-nobody.”
“But he never listens.”
“God can you two get any sappier?” Crowley gagged, “why did you two ever break up? You seemed so happy with him.”
“T-this was the last Christmas before mum…” Dean whispered his voice cracking before he could finish the sentence so rather than finishing it he chose to follow the brothers as they ran into the living room and gaped at the tree and all the presents underneath.
I love my friend. But god he’s dense. You see for the past three years I have been madly in love with said best friend. And when my other best friend Meg found out, she had a really bad tendency to send me flirtatious looks and wink at me before swaggering off to go steal lunch money from her cousin Crowley. So now, Dean thinks she and I have a thing, when in reality I would love nothing more than to have him fuck me up the arse. Not that it mattered. Dean was as straight as they come. And at the end of the year we would be separated anyway. I’ll be heading to the UK to study dead languages and mythology, and he will stay here and take over is dad’s auto-shop whilst providing for his baby brother to finish school so he can become a lawyer. “Dean I told you, I have no interest in dating Meg.”
