It leaves a bitter taste in his tongue, something sharp and coppery, thick and disgusting between his teeth.
Is that also part of that dark place in him, the piece of his mind that demands that he keeps control and vigilance over his teammates? Is this another proof that he is terrible at letting go, of problems, of people, even when they are not his to keep?
what she’s talking about. That jealousy, that feeling of desperately wanting to be enough, being mad for not being, and being even more so for even feeling bad about it. And Nebula has even more reasons to feel that way, definitely more than Tony, because it sounds like she and Gamora had a… understanding, of sorts. At the very least, a connection, as horrible as it might have been, forged in the necessity to survive Thanos.
They’re not co-captains – or captain and reluctant right hand – anymore, so there’s really no need to conspire in secrecy like this. But old habits are really hard to break, it seems – and, well, if anyone is going to argue with Rogers, it’s gonna be Tony, so it makes sense that Rogers is talking to him. But he doesn’t have to. It makes no difference at this point.
But Tony remembers good things too. Sharon Carter is an exceptional agent, delightfully professional and incredibly skillful, and she is firm and no doubt a good fighter. Putting her in charge of a unit would be incredibly helpful. They have never worked directly with one another, always trapped with the interference of Ross between them, the chaos of finding Barnes –
When he saw the size of the destruction, he had assumed something quick, explosive and violent, like a disaster, a war, a
A burst of pain jolts him back awake, a hot, stinging sensation at his left cheek, not enough to hurt all the way to his teeth and jaw, but more than enough to make him startle and open his eyes.
Dangerously arrogant, Rhodes had once called him. Steve had thought that was uncalled for. Steve had thought he knew exactly what was wrong and what was right, that he was always making the best call, and he could rest, if not peacefully, at least placated, knowing he did his best and he always took the best route to achieve his goals.
technically, the truth. He’s not even sure why he’s asking, anyway – they need her help, and even if she was really unwilling to provide it, they would have to try their best to convince her, because even if they could, with time, figure out a way to work around all the resources Wakanda offers,
“We’re leaving a paper trail.” Sam said once, in good humor, ironically raising a handful of crumpled notes they collected over the last two countries they’ve been in. “Not really good for stealth, is it?”
Tony looks at her and she looks back, and for a moment – a wild, incomprehensible moment –, Tony damn nearly thinks he is
There is drinking and dancing to no end. The Clan is boisterous and loud, in a way the Court was never allowed to be, back home – even in weddings. They are
, but he can’t. Tony is holding himself upright by pure will, by chanting to himself aloud, blaring reminder that
“Yeah, but Ultron? The program had been successful for a total of what, five minutes, before it decided the Avengers were the worst thing on the planet? Doesn’t that seem a little biased to you? I’ve worked in the military – you guys don’t scratch the
follows him around as he moves, making him feel twitchy and paranoid, urging him to look over his shoulder even when he knows he won’t find anything there.
, and Steve only turns his head to look over his shoulder and nothing more, unwilling to let T’Challa delay him for one more minute.
Another pause. Longer this time. Tony sits there and waits with his hands twisting in impatience, his teeth gnawing at the inside of his cheek in nervousness, chest tight with fear and hope, with dread and plea, but it takes so long – so long that the hope begins to dwindle and die, too long, long enough for the
Bruce frowns at him deeply, terribly confused, and Tony steps forward and raises his hands in a placating gesture. “We did, but – Listen, okay?”
beneath his feet. It would be pure, senseless punishment, and even if Tony sometimes seems too eager to hurt, too eager to remember things that cut him open from the inside, like thorns ripping their way out of his chest where it used to bloom bright blue, this is a line Tony is not yet ready to cross.
Tony nods, and his neck feels like a rusty hinge, aching and rigid. “The armor’s safe. She’ll be fine.”
Tony doesn’t even have time to process what he’s seeing, before his lizard brain reads the room and instinctively tells him something is
The correlation is so obvious. The source. It doesn’t matter if Pepper hadn’t seen much of Peter beside an introduction and hearing Tony talk about him like a proud old man, but it’s
“Tony.” Someone calls, and it takes a moment for Tony to realize it’s Rogers, Rogers, who’s heading for the door behind Natasha and Barton, but is hesitating, Rogers, with his brows furrowed and deep lines creasing his forehead, Rogers, who looks like he might actually come back if Tony tells him to.
There’s too many of them. The Jet’s cramped, they are ill-equipped – though they need all the help they can get, he doesn’t know how the crowd can possibly react to them, let alone Nebula and Rocket, should they need to push the civilians back. They have never dealt with a situation like this before, where the people they’re trying to protect are also the hostile force. Tony knows he has no experience in that. Every other time they’ve interacted with the civilians was when they were trying to lead them to safety, when they were
"We got replies from nearly two thousand agents, and we might have more incoming in the next hours." Natasha quietly informs him, her tone all business, diverging the attention of the conversation to a different topic. “Steve, Rhodes and Pepper are downstairs, talking to the agents who made it here.”
Steve knows where she is coming from, and he is not insensitive to her wishes. To completely honest, Steve doesn’t actually feel within himself any sort of desire to make her change her mind. Even still, he mentions an issue, because he needs to know if Wanda is
“The Tree of Life is what keeps the forces acting together. It’s branches are the paths were the forces flow, and the planets and galaxies are created within them move when they move. When galaxies collide, and when they drift apart – it’s all caused by the Tree’s motions across the universe. Eventually, some of those branches may align, and cause a Convergence, like the one I mentioned this world experienced many years ago. These
“T’Challa’s sister’s lab had all sort of sensors monitoring every surface of the planet. Filtered info in real time, all the time. We saw—” Bruce clears his throat, looking more uncomfortable than Tony has ever seen him. “We saw the numbers.”
in some part; Because the serum, even the bad one Bruce took, was meant only to enhance what was already inside, good or bad. It must be scary, to know what the rage you keep locked inside of you can do. Tony doesn’t even know where the rage comes from – it wouldn’t have been right to ask. It’s not his business. But it is Bruce, in a way, because it’s his body and, in some levels, his brain – and the experience is shared by them both, being seen and being judged, having their actions scrutinized with barely any mercy even when they are not fully in control.
“Make a report, have a meeting. Assess damage, reach out to local response teams and make sure they have all resources they need to keep working after we leave – and establish a channel of contact, in case any following casualties reach out and require help.”
“It… is a way of describing it.” Vision nods. “As long as we are associated with the United States government, our requirements are held to higher standards than those applied to heroes sanctioned by private funds. And we have more restrictions, seeing as our actions have direct impact on the public opinion of the government.”
T’Challa is a good man. He could have thrown those words in Steve’s face with a cruel tone, to make him feel ashamed and guilty over his reluctance to accept the dubious morality of the situation they find themselves into, to make fun of his unwillingness to showcase even the slightest hint of the shame he feels, to call him, without any words,
“No, I’m – I’m glad you’re here.” Tony says, nodding uncertainly, staring at the floor beneath Rocket’s dangling legs. “We need to work. Well,
look happy. They do. It makes Tony feel like he’s made of jelly, like he is going to dissolve just like the foam he’s stepping into.
Aimed a little higher. The helmet. Tony was using FRIDAY to fight back, and if he didn’t have FRIDAY, he wouldn’t be able to hit Steve back.
That last one. The last one she still doesn’t know. And, if Tony is being honest, he hoped – still hopes – she never will.
“No. It means that if I’m not found innocent if I make a mistake while trying to help people, I can be deported. So can Wanda.” Natasha sighs, and turns back to look at Vision sharply. “I don’t even know what is the legal procedure for Thor or for you, in case there was the need to have one. I don’t think there is a precedent, anywhere in the world.”
A beat passes, two, three – the air in the room settles, weighted by dread but frizzling with determination, with the impulse to right this wrong, to wipe away the sorrow that has drowned them.
She keeps staring at it for a very, very long time. Long enough for it to be too much. Long enough that Tony only wants her to
They are all in the room, coincidentally, because they haven’t been out the entire day. They are going over some plans and checking new information they recently gathered, making plans for their next stop when they leave Scotland in a few days. According to Natasha, there is something worth checking out in the Philippines, but it would mean making a long journey and they need to make sure they have all they need to make the trip, or else it would be too risky.
“What was I supposed to do?” Steve immediately jabs back, aiming for the assured tone he used to have when Bucky caught him fighting guys twice his size in an alleyway, but the attempt falls incredibly flat. He just sounds sad. He sounds defeated. “Leave them there?”
“So you decided to help me invade the Raft? Nice definition of risky you have.” Steve jabs, trying to rile her up.
“Hey.” He greets carefully, knowing she has noticed his presence even thought she still has her back turned to him. She is watching the city line far ahead, illuminated only by the lights that come from it,
to start it.” Steve walks closer, slowly, cautiously. As if he’s trying not to startle Tony. “Natasha was just…”
And the people who are out there that can’t do that, the ones that are afraid and desperate; How will they survive that? What will they do, when they’re left with no other choice?
She has a point. Bruce presses his fingers into his eyes, like he’s fighting a headache, and he mutters to himself, “I just – I don’t understand. It sounds like the Mind Stone was trying something, but I don’t understand what it could possibly be.”
If there’s anyone in this universe Tony could probably trust with this, it would be the android, wouldn’t it?
sake. Bucky, who still sounds sad when he tries to gauge Steve’s reaction about the Accords, wondering if that day will be the day he’ll realize he made a mistake by choosing Bucky and he’ll finally give in to the papers.
They all probably saw Sam, Wanda, and Barnes disappear. T’Challa too. And who knows how many others in T’Challa’s army, people they might’ve been friends with.
“You’re just saying that, or do you actually mean it? Because I think I have to start doubting every word you say, Rogers, because who knows what kind of thing you might be hiding next?”
Tony has hidden so much from her. The Palladium poisoning, the suits, the nightmares, the Iron Legion, Leipzig,
, all in search for answers, for vengeance or penance, redemption or opportunity, and they’re letting themselves get swept away under the pressure, under the raging heat of the crowd amidst this freezing cold—
Tony’s eyes are on the floor, but he’s not actually looking at it. No. His thoughts are far away – in DC still, or maybe in Titan, who the fuck knows, because he’s all scattered and thrown to the wind like the ashes themselves, blood pressure skyrocketing so dangerously it’s almost comical how his hands tremble where he flexes them frantically by his sides, struggling to keep himself from losing sensation at his fingertips.
“Where are you?” Tony asks Pepper, raising his head a little so he can speak in the direction of the speakers on the ceiling. “Are you safe?”
Of course, this fic is being written not only by a person who was technically opposed to his stance in CW, so I don't pretend to be unbiased, but I'm a person who is not looking for someone to pin the blame on, but a common ground where both Steve and Tony could (in the future) compromise. So if you're expecting me to simply point at someone and scream "It's your fault!", you'll be very disappointed. I'm not here for the plain "he's wrong", "he's right" debate. I have moved past that. I'm much more of a "why and how?" kind of person.
He has many of Howard’s features. His dark hair, his cheekbones, even his nose, but his eyes are all Maria’s, brown and warm, like a doe’s, and everything about him is perfect. He will be clever, she can tell. Like his father. Probably a quick-witted, smartass little thing, curious and energetic, if the way he’s completely restless is any indication.
Maybe he would have forced himself to stay with his shoulders down, faking ease, and would have had the chance to remind himself that
“I’m just… Sorry.” Tony hesitates. “I know it’s scary. I know it might seem unnecessary. But it isn’t.”
“The ship’s not the problem, problem’s the fuel.” Rocket grumbles. “I doubt you have what it needs here, considering space-travel is not something you all do.
So she panics. She does, indeed, when one day, out of nowhere, Tony’s screen goes entirely black mid-conversation and it won’t turn back on.
to see how quick his expression closes off with deep consideration, and his eyebrows twitch, only a little, the only evidence that Steve’s question has surprised him so much that he couldn’t quite stop that tiny twitch from happening. Steve has no right to feel insulted; Tony has made very,
“We’re not tryin’ to corner you.” He placates, but then, he pauses. “Or hell, I guess we are. But it’s for a good reason. We want our family back as much as you want your son. So you gotta help us here, metal guy.”
“I’m…” Tony stutters, swiping his tongue across his chapped bottom lip, discomfort tight in his belly. “I’m not sure how we’re supposed to deal with that.”
T’Challa stays silent for a moment, and Steve almost thinks he, for some reason, has rendered T’Challa speechless— When T’challa
“Or else what?” Tony arches an eyebrow, and Rhodey threateningly stares back, equally playful and ominous.
Which means they have to cram inside the Quinjet as best as they can, like the world biggest, most tense, most awkward get along-shirt ever, as soon as they’re able, and they’ll have to figure out later how they’re going to manage the trip back, considering how many civilians they encounter.
Thor doesn’t much care for Tony’s warnings, or so it seems. Thankfully, he marches towards the side of the property, not the front where people are clinging to the bars like starving animals, but to a corner where he can safely approach the steel structure, sort of. If anyone wanted to take a chance on the opportunity to hit the God of Thunder, even if they were crazy enough, they’d have to be able to leave the crowd and run towards the side, to be able to catch him just as he stands there in front of the fence, considering it thoughtfully for a brief moment of what almost looks like innocent curiosity.
“Relax.” Shuri chuckles, waving her hand at him, insisting that he sits down. “He’ll be here. I will be back inside, ok? Let us know if you need anything. You can call someone if you want to.”
Many of the others standing behind Barton flinch, seemingly poised to intervene, but reluctant to do so. They step to the sides, spreading themselves wider so they can watch the exchange from a better angle – so they can
“We need to return to the Compound.” Rogers half comments, half announces, chin raised and shoulders squared, the leadership instincts kicking in, maybe even without him realizing it. “It’s not a good idea to stay out after it goes dark. We would appreciate if you could help us get back, like you did for the rest of the team.”
Wong referred to so extensively, and that somehow guaranteed him more magical perks than the others.
But nothing compares to the awful feeling of him squeezing her hand, and her taking almost a full minute to squeeze back.
When did it start being all about dismantling agendas and suspecting everyone? When did this paradox of trust and skepticism nested itself inside of him, and how the hell had he never realized it?
“I have to do something first.” He says, only half deflecting the question. “Sam and the others are still on the Raft. Tony hasn’t let them out. I have to get them out of there, or else Ross will take the chance and do something terrible to them. Especially to Wanda.”
“Vision.” He calls out, trying to sound calm, as not to scare them with his presence. Both Wanda and Vision turn their heads quickly when he speaks, concerned, and Steve makes sure his expression is as blank as it can be when he continues. “I would like to speak with you for a moment. Alone, if that’s alright with you, Wanda.”
“The gates are holding the perimeter of the House already.” Cap says, with a slight tilt of inquiry in his voice. “Is there any way you can make them step away from it? Ensure they won’t get in?”
“He could be in one of those, then.” Rogers proposes. “If these Kree and Xandarians were looking for him before, they should be chasing him all over the Universe now.”
of how the things between them were left, isn’t ignorant to the fact that Tony is avoiding staying alone with him, or trying to think too hard on anything that picks too hard at a wound that’s not healed, but this
the armor, at her own will. The closest thing to this he’s ever had was when she shoved her hand into the gauntlet of his broken suit to fire at Aldrich Killian, to save his life, and to this day, is one of Tony’s most powerful memories, one he guards fondly, although he’ll never admit it, because it makes him feel…
“Clint told me you and Vision talked alone for over an hour before we got here. And you were crying when you left the room.” Steve lowers his head, trying to make his gaze level hers, so she can see he’s not asking this to hurt her. He’s just concerned. He just wants to know the truth. “Did he say anything to you?”
Tony asks him, if he’s afraid. It is a testament to how much he’s come to know Steve, when the response he gets is
“Wong.” Tony greets, with an inexplicable feeling of being whiplashed by seeing the man, despite him being the very one who asked Rogers to locate him in the first place. “It’s good to see you’re fine.”
“I’m Deputy Chief of one of SHIELD stations.” The man concedes. “But the title is not really that important. Soon, it might actually be outdated. Might be a little higher up the ladder than expected.”
to him, that made him this way. Insecure about who he is. Feeling guilty for things that are not his fault. The villains controlled him and the world refused to see that, making him believe he is the mindless monster the stories say he is, when that couldn’t be further from the truth. He is not
Tony asks her about her shoulder, but she brushes him off – and he would laugh at it, if he had the strength to do so.
Natasha furrows her brows, completely baffled, laying down the newspaper to focus her entire attention on him. “How did you get any information on it before me?”
He will always come back. He always has. Tony destroyed his armors, but built the Iron Legion; He promised less involvement with the fight, but then he built Ultron; he promised to sign a document that would keep him from fighting when he shouldn’t, and then he fought his own teammate over the very same document.
The gates whine as he grabs the bars with his hands and shakes them, other hundreds of hands following suit pushing and pulling like waves, a storm relentless and wreckful.
“I hope it is.” Tony says, and the honesty tastes sour in his tongue. “We’re doing all we can. It’s our best bet—”
This whole time, Steve’s been thinking of the Avengers with a quiet, saddened nostalgia. A light ache that burns gentle, steady and constant in his heart, a longing for something lost, for something
Bruce looks down and shakes his head, his gaze lost to somewhere far beyond anything they can see, a sickly shine to his forehead as if he’s starting to sweat from the stress. He runs his hand through his short, greying hair – takes off his glasses, rubs at his eyes with his knuckles. He looks like he’s in pain.
But he had also been expecting they would treat Bucky differently. He had, in some level, expected his statement to be taken to their hearts and respected.
“I cannot stop him from doing what he thinks it’s best.” Wanda lets out a breathy laugh, something fondly exasperated, the same way Clint does. “I am afraid. I will always be afraid that they’ll put him back on the Raft. But I trust him.”
, but he had to come all the way here to pick it up.” Rocket grumbles. “Was it really worth it? Giving it to someone else, not knowing if it would ever come back?”
“You’re describing your own building as less than a ten-star quality place?” Agent Romanov drawls, sarcasm dripping from her voice, and Steve can’t
Rocket seems to choke on his own words, eyes gleaming dangerously with tears, before he says, in a whisper, “Did he—?”
that’s not true. Rogers is a paranoid, mistrustful bastard, and Tony knows not even Natasha, who has been as loyal to him as anyone can possibly be, knows what the hell goes on in his brain the entire time. Barnes is –
Natasha raises an eyebrow at him. “You really think Fury spent all this time after SHIELD shut down playing golf?”
Natasha purses her lips. “I tried cross-referencing with the information we had on the Scepter after Loki and Strucker, but it’s… complicated.”
He doesn’t need to go far. Bruce is right next to Thor, watching Tony, wearing baggy clothes and looking like he’s been put in a blender and left there for hours.
But he doesn’t do it on purpose. He truly, truly loves her, it’s not a farce, he’s not lying – but the way his brain works sometimes, he doesn’t get it himself, and he doesn’t know how to stop. It’s that why they fight all the time? That Tony has these impulses he feels like he can’t contain, and Pepper can’t live with Tony doing this over and over again? It makes him feel like he’s the worst person alive – because what kind of selfish bastard forgets about his fiancée because of some shiny, sparkly magic books? What kind person is he, that he’d rather let this gap between them get wider and wider, that would
past all the despair and the hurrying and the fretting, because Tony asks her “Where are you!? Are you okay!?” at the same time, they both equally terrified, and it is a long, panicked moment before either of them can stop to even think, let alone stop for long enough for the other to speak.
This one has no cars, no art pieces, and no SI blueprints and schematics – this workshop had been designed with the Avengers in mind, to supply the Compound with whatever tech necessary Tony could provide. Of course, the lower floors had an R&D department, probably the labs Pepper would guide the agents downstairs to, when she… when she had time. While she helped Agents Carter and Ross. But this, this workshop – This is
to take in the sight of the Compound with sharp eyes, a glint of something sorrowful hiding deep inside them, a feeling of nostalgia Tony will pretend doesn’t hurt him as well, to see it there, to assume and think too much of it, to allow himself to hope for things he will never recover now.
Steve’s mouth immediately clicks shut, the tick in his jaw painful, pressure aching all the way up from his teeth to his temples, keeping inside the words that are too insensitive and too aggressive for him to let out.
“The books.” Natasha reminds them quickly, with efficient, laser focus – if Tony didn’t know any better, he would almost say it’s all a desperate attempt to change the subject. “Did anyone find anything in them?”
The Arc Reactor is long gone but he can’t breathe, the air is not reaching his chest, and he heaves and gasps helplessly as all rational thought leaves him and all he is left with is a piercing, heart-wrenching cry of relief.
, and he always thought people would think of him as anything more than that as he is breaking their homes and leaving the debris behind.
But that’s not it. It’s Thor, it’s Thor losing control, and the sound of his thunder makes the sky go bright with its lightning, the all too familiar smell of rain made even stronger by the dense smell of ash and concrete, and his emotions just bend nature despite his will, as he watches horrified the crowd completely lose itself in the wake of their fear.
how he should approach this subject with Steve. He seems to ponder of a few seconds – and then, he obviously comes to a decision, because all of his hesitation just disappears and looks back at Steve with a determination so fierce one might think he was going to battle.
“Cap.” Natasha smirks, not with a lot of humor, but with a twinge of affection. “It’s good to see you.”
, he needs to think about something else, he needs to focus on literally anything else other than that. He can feel what’s happening, he knows what this is, and he needs to stop it—
He had never wanted her as a lover, not really. Tony is reckless, but Tony isn’t stupid. She isn’t attracted to him like that, and even if she is very beautiful, that wasn’t why Tony liked her. But she was bold. She called out his bullshit, she was independent and dangerous, she was
Natasha sees that, of course she does. She watches him like a hawk. He doesn’t know what she’s trying to find, but there is something, something she thinks he is hiding or concealing or
listen to him this time, they might actually understand what he’s trying to do –, and he once again makes the mistake of looking at Rogers, who is standing there, looking at him, perfectly still, with eyes intense and an earnest face; like he too
He has been keeping himself away for a while. He puts on a disguise and goes around the city for hours, sometimes unnecessarily, just so he can have some time alone, so he can think. Being among the civilians helps a bit. In the middle of the crowd, no one notices him, no one sees him, and it’s the only time he doesn’t feel like he’s being watched or suffocated by the stifling aura he created between himself and his teammates back at their rented rooms.
If this is the final straw, then fine. Then they’re really not supposed to be back together, in the end. Tony will adapt to their absence, he has done it once, he can do it again. Rhodey will help him. Maybe Bruce will too, and Nebula. Maybe even Rocket and Thor. If Carter and Ross rather go along with the others, that’s fine too; They probably will, seeing as Carter already has, once. Tony doesn’t care. He will not care.
“I can see why.” Bruce snorts, and seems totally unbothered by the look Barton throws him. “What? You want me to pretend she didn’t make me destroy a city?”
With grasping what they’re saying, with organizing her thoughts and voicing her questions, looking so
He feels like he has left something behind, down in the workshop. When his feet moved out, something that was supposed to follow didn’t.
She’s blonde. He doesn’t know why that fact registers in his mind as something notable, but it does.
Rhodey, to his credit, realizes immediately what he has done. He stutters in place, the movement all to noticeable in the bulky form of his walking aids, and the action is so unlike his usual unflappable self that Tony almost wants to say something to reassure him too.
It’s Ross, and if he has any way of tracking Vision’s whereabouts, or the CIA, and if they’re waiting somewhere for them all to be in a single spot so they can be captured, or it’s—
“Any news you can share about it, off the record?” He asks, aiming for humor but failing spectacularly at it, sounding only desperate and pathetic, so ridiculously hollow.
growls, his shoulders squaring in an aggressive pose. “You really think you’re the only one here who is scared, Tony? You think you’re the only one here who
Steve stops himself from just pulling Tony’s arm away to check his stomach, or from just putting his hands on him all over to check if he’s fine – he’s fine, he says he’s fine –, but of course Steve gives him a hand to stand up, and Tony gives him the Gauntlet hand.
“Too late before we’re both too lonely to be able to admit the truth.” She raises her eyebrows, in an expression that dares him to contradict her, and they both know he won’t, because it’s true. “I didn’t want to say it. I almost hoped I would chicken out. But I… couldn’t.”
“11 minutes.” Tony repeats, dumbly. “If you just sit tight and wait a little longer, FRIDAY will get there and make sure you’re safe, alright? She’ll bring you here. She’ll—” and he gesticulates like a madman, into nothing, despite the fact she cannot see him through a mere voice call. Tony lets out a deep breath, that comes off broken and exhausted, stuttering inside his throat as it comes free, trembling just like the rest of him, and it barely does anything to calm him down at all.
The voice is not Rhodey’s. It comes from behind Tony, and so he turns bewildered to find Nebula and the
Tony runs his fingers through Steve’s hair, soft and golden, a lot more tenderly than he should, for what their relationship actually is.
No easy way out, friends. I hope you're excited. And when the shit hits the fan, remember: you asked for this.
They cry into the darkness in silence. They cry until there’s no tears left to spill, their bodies exhausted and wrung to all capacity, hollow and empty. Inert. The bed is cold and the room is colder, and they both are sweaty and trembling in each other’s embrace, weak comfort and thin discomfort existing in the same space, drowned beneath a thick layer of dull throbbing pain pounding into their temples.
Their movement attracts the attention of the group at the front too. He’s thankful for the distraction.
More often than not, after long hours of going around in circles, he’ll sigh and run his hand through his hair, resisting the urge to tug at the longer strands just to feel some pain, even if it’s the slightest amount, telling himself that relying in pain as a grounding mechanism is not acceptable.
Even though Natasha is a good person, and she believes, at least to some extent, that Bucky is innocent - She is
Peggy feels her lips trying to twitch into forming a smile, but she holds herself steady. She has not forgotten how the game is played, after all—and it seems, Mrs. Ana Jarvis is also familiar with the play. Good. Even though Peggy has no qualms about working alone, she enjoys the idea she has allies close if it’s needed.
Behind the Dora Milaje is T’Challa himself, accompanied by his sister and his mother, and he stands noble and patient by the entrance to the palace. They approach him slowly, in steady steps, almost cautiously, and T’Challa takes a few steps forward to meet them halfway; In a gesture that feels much more significant than it looks.
Suddenly, he is right there. He’s not alone, because Steve can see a guard a few meters behind him –
be capable of telling Natasha why he left the shield behind, the circumstances of the fight that preceded it? Would he tell
“If the building is burning we’re gonna have to put it out.” Bruce points out, a deep frown etched into his brow. “How can we do that if we can’t reach the fire department?”
“Self-sustainable?” Nebula asks, unsurprisingly sharp, and Tony tries very hard not to think about how half her body is made of metal, and she is probably just as familiar with inner workings of mechanic body parts as he is. Maybe more. Even more than that, he tries not to think what it means, that she is so casual about mentioning removing a part of it, as if she knows exactly what she’s asking of Tony,
Steve is about to ask him what he means, confused by the cryptic answer, when the glance Vision gives behind Steve’s shoulder makes it all click in his head. “You found us through Wanda.”
“I don’t think it’s the whole truth, that’s all.” Clint huffs, giving her a tight smile. “How long has it been since you guys last saw Pepper at the Compound? Since before Ultron? How many times has Tony mentioned her in these last few months before you left? I’m willing to bet
But when he is alone, he has to fill his thoughts somehow, because he just can’t stand the silence anymore.
” Tony shouts, hoarse and ragged, pushing Nebula away so he can stumble into the Compound with quick, desperate steps, looking around frantically, each corner a new hope and a new crushing disappointment when
“I saw Cap’s message this morning. Tried to get into a computer at the store close to my house to see what was going on, because all the lights went out in my apartment last night, and the message was playing on repeat right across the room. I know he said SHIELD agents should come in, but I thought…” Lang trails off, looking lost. “I thought I could help, somehow. I’m not really sure what’s going on, but I don’t think it’d be right if I didn’t call in and let you guys know I’m here.”
the man who builds weapons. He had seen all the warnings, PSAs, and manifestos. He knows the projections – ash covered sky, barren land, no rules. No communication. Moving into bunkers, famine, lack of resources, raids—
There is no safety. The sky is dark, the air is freezing, they cry through hoarse coughs and choked up lungs, scrambling to hide from a furious mob; whatever safety they know, it’s forgotten, at least for now. Now, safe is twenty-eight bodies on the floor, huddling for warmth, and everything that’s not this is bad.
MCU, thank you for the last 10 wonderful years. Despite all the shit I give you, you have been, for sure, a joy in my life. I hope everyone has a good time watching this movie, and let's all enjoy it as much as we can.
at the same time Nebula does, but while Nebula sounds deeply confused, Tony’s chest seizes with painful emotion, an almost childish hope, something that drags a soft gasp from his lips and makes his eyes widen to the point where they hurt.
But he is. He is replacing them. He’s removing himself from the conflict, guarding his own, burning bridges for the sake of
He can see why Rhodes signed it too. Steve is not too familiar with him to be completely sure, but he knows Rhodes was basing his decision on his previous experience with the military. He talked about it extensively when they discussed the Accords.
Damn Bruce for being so… so concerned and cautious, Godammit. Tony really admires that on him – but not now, not about this, not when he would rather forget and ignore, pretend it never happened, to not tear open any old wounds who never healed properly in the first place. And the discussion is useless now. The time where it was relevant is long gone.
He makes floors for every one of them. He figures it would be best. He likes having his privacy, he would bet all his money Natasha and Barton also really, really need to have their own place for them to feel safe and make as many bird nests or hide as many knives as they’d like, and Bruce will definitely appreciate having some nice and quiet and a huge and top of the line lab Tony made just for him. Tony will not let his science bro go bored, no way. So individual floors it is!
Tony looks at him for a moment, eyes a little wide and eyebrows lifted in soft surprise, like he hadn’t realized that.
“I am helping in the way I can. Out there, with the agents. Damage control. That’s what I can do. That is my life. Yours… works differently. You’re an Avenger.” Pepper says, as if it’s praiseworthy, she says, as if it’s such a great thing – and Tony hates it. In this moment, he hates it. “I don’t know how to be that.”
“Not sure what you’re talking about. Everything’s fine.” Tony says after licking his lips, with a neutral shrug and a slight raise of his eyebrows, a picture of innocence.
His body lurches forward, reacting violently to his completely jumbled emotions, and he feels he’s going to vomit for a second, but there is nothing inside him to be expelled. He is hollow. His skin feels like it doesn’t fit, his arm hurts,
Steve used to go out to run in the mornings, but although he runs faster than everyone else, he never felt like he was catching up. He’d go to coffeeshops and diners, but he can’t keep a good conversation for long, because he’s lacking over fifty years of popular knowledge. He can go to the gym, but only a military sanctioned one, or else they don’t have the equipment that can withstand his strength.
Steve picks up his plate with yesterday’s leftovers, cold and not a single bite taken, and leaves it on the counter before he steps outside the apartment.
Tony is surprised, if not a little overwhelmed with how quickly and methodically Pepper is handling this situation, unable to make complete sense of what he’s seeing; And he is still mulling over it when Agent Carter also gives Pepper a nod and gives her thanks, before shifting in her place as if preparing to leave.
The crowd can hear them coming, even though they scream and cry incessantly as they march, and some of them turn around to look at the sky, eyes squinting to see past the engulfing darkness, and as soon as they realize they’ve got company, they start screaming
Rhodey himself had greeted them back to the Compound with open arms. Shut down Ross’ demand for arrest, put his entire career and freedom on the line, gave them hugs and smiles like it was all a reunion long overdue. And it was. And Rhodey, who is a better man than Tony could ever hope to be, forgave them – for leaving, for picking another side, for his
, this is not the same, that he can’t focus on the past because they are dealing with the future now, and it helps. To see her in front of him, to see Rhodey, to have Pepper’s hand in his, it’s a reminder that he still has anchors. That despite what he feels, the world has not yet swallowed him whole.
“I don’t know.” Thor says. “He simply… reached out and the Stone flowed out of her, towards him. Like I said, it was fluid. Maybe because the Dark Elves are manipulators of dark energy, and the Reality Stone acts on dark energy and dark matter, he could do it. We tried, with many of Asgard’s finest spells, and none of it helped.”
“If you can access the travel path from the command panel”, Tony hesitantly inquires, knowing Nebula is paying attention even though she hasn’t turned around ever since she sat at the pilot’s chair. “What else can you access?”
He’s not strong enough to deny to himself that he desperately wants it, maybe even needs it, but does he
Steve immediately feels his rising rage recede, a cold feeling of sorrow and sadness settling in his chest, the idea of Wanda being scared triggering a very base reaction inside him, the deep-seated instinct to protect those he considers to be his friends.
“Yeah, I bet you didn’t.” Clint lets out a hollow laugh. “Listen, all of you are loners and I get it, good for you, but I’ve been married for years and I
There is no sunlight to illuminate him like a vision from the skies, there is no song, there is no major revelation in the air – not beyond Steve’s own, quiet, invisible, the string inside his chest that somehow snaps itself against his will, like a curtain has been lifted before his eyes and he can finally see clearly, despite the fog of ash surrounding them and the cold, dark embrace of a night that comes much earlier than it should.
To protect Bucky. There was a growl climbing up his throat, burning like acid, raw and pained, and Steve’s jaw hurt, and his fists hurt, and his
“Agamotto has met many beings beyond our comprehension thanks to the Time Stone. Beings that exist in places beyond time. Those beings have aided Agamotto in creating artifacts that allow us to reach into those dimensions and take power from them.”
this? Is this—is this his way of telling them it’s over? That they have no home back there now? That he won’t have them back if they try to repair things? It’s not
, and he nearly turns around and tells Steve to go screw himself before Steve beats him to the punch and says, as playfully as he can:
What exactly has the silence done to her, the lack of a purpose, the lack of a mission, and how had it affected her and transformed her into the person who’s standing in front of Steve today. The person who thinks herself guilty and thinks she should shoulder it, despite him telling her she doesn’t have to. The person who is regretting deeply her past, and won’t let him tell her otherwise.
“For who? For me?” she asks, and there’s actually a little bit of bitterness in her tone. “For you? For the Accords?”
The very same Steve Rogers that’s been looking at him nonstop ever since he stepped off the Quinjet, and is walking closer, and closer, and Tony hates that he still feels a little waver of unease and apprehension at the sight of Roger’s figure stepping straight in his direction, with nothing but a hard, cold stare in his eyes, back so stiff and hands clenched into fists, like he’s going to battle.
Or maybe he should just stay here and let himself waste away. He doesn’t want to get up. His body won’t do more than flinch and tremble, muscles spasming with discharges of adrenaline, stiff and cramping, as he can’t do anything other than let tears spill and try uselessly to take a breath with his aching lungs – and maybe he should let it. It’s like moving will make it real. It’s like allowing himself to use his body will remind him he still has one, that the universe hasn’t stilled in its axis, although it does feel like it has. Moving will mean thinking, and thinking will mean acknowledging that this is
“You’re right, we didn’t.” Nebula says, as sharp and curt as ever, but her face carries no anger or annoyance, tone surprisingly understanding. “But it explained a lot.”
It puts a smile on his face, no matter how small, because he’s just not used to smiling wide anymore, it seems. Perhaps his new people can teach him how.
about this, while his heart is still tender and bruised from a hit he might never recover from. It’s like he’s trying to fill in the hollow with something, anything to distract him, but all his body can produce is rage and annoyance and fear, no logic; And he wants to help Thor, because he might actually know something useful to them, like he knew about dark energy, but Tony can’t focus on the mission now. Much less focusing on deciphering whatever Thor
Tony’s teeth click painfully when his mouth closes sharply, a physical reflex to hold in the desperate pleas that claw up from his throat like caged animals trying to escape. He’s gonna sound like he’s the most pathetic thing in the world, if he lets them out, and it’s not gonna be of any use. He knows. He has to – he has to breathe. Stay calm. Breathe. He has–
Tony hadn’t realized how long it has been since he last saw it until now. It’s not like he needed it, personally. The armor can take him anywhere he wanted to go, the same thing for Rhodey, and Vision could just fly. Pete never went anywhere beyond the borders of the state – not unless he was sneaking out during school trips –, so what use would Tony have for a jet?
if she had the time. And maybe Vision could have connected the dots between the clues the Stone left behind then.”
There were times before, he remembers, where he tried to get her to understand. That he’d hoped, with all his strength and might, that she could once day see the world through his eyes, to understand exactly why he did what he did, and why he couldn’t stop, why, no matter how many suits he explodes or how many documents he signs, Iron Man is etched into him in a way he can’t ever remove, and even if he steps out, the lingering, quiet concern will always be there. Always at the corners. Always waiting to strike.
Bruce stares and stares, like he did to Rhodey, like he’s trying to find the lie; and Tony gives him a tight, but sincere smile, big and wide, so intentionally mischievous he can feel the way it stretches his cheeks and it squints his eyes a bit, and he pretends he doesn’t know he looks like a bad influence or a hazard to Bruce’s health.
“I’m coming too.” Barton interjects, stepping closer to Natasha. “Can’t really help with the Stones stuff, but a retrieval mission I can handle. Just point the way.”
“And I suppose everyone else did too? Romanoff, Wilson?” Ross smirks cruelly. “Maximoff? You’d really let her walk around unsupervised?”
It’s too late now, he realizes, they’ve already left the Compound. The shield is trapped in the vault, Tony can’t even do anything. In the exact same second, he feels himself be swallowed by guilt, ashamed that his stupid holdups about Rogers would stop him from getting the protection he needs, even at the cost of Tony’s so damned fragile image, his… ridiculously confusing feelings on Rogers.
“Are you guys okay?” Bruce suddenly asks, confusing Tony. At his expression, Bruce sneaks a glance behind him, even if they have already turned a corner and the kitchen can no longer be seen. “You and Pepper. I thought…?”
Against his better judgment, despite all evidence that their odds are not good – actually, they might be the worst odds that there ever existed – Tony feels…
them, but it’s hard, and when he makes the mistake of looking away from the room towards the glass wall to his left, to stare up at the dark, ominous sky, he feels the heavy weight of a gaze following his movements, like the aim of a rifle, but far too close, too personal, too much.
” Steve’s eyes are so wide and he is breathless, and it’s honestly worth every penny to see him look like that,
to home. Though he knows essentially nothing about Rocket, or whatever the relationship between them might be, if it’s amicable or not – Tony had assumed they were teammates, too, that they both were part of Quill’s team, but hasn’t he just learned that his assumptions had been, at the very least, a little misguided? –, but if they weren’t friends
“Hey, calm down, it’s fine.” He assures, giving a pointed look to both Natasha and Sam as well, who have their own weapons at hand as well. “He’s alone. I checked a thousand times already.”
“I guess you will.” Clint replies amusedly, almost crooning. “Trust Stark on this one. I said some nasty shit for him when we were on the Raft, but you know what? The guy is just a softie. We all know he had something to do with the way Scott got off so easy on the trial, they wouldn’t have done it otherwise. And I remember that stuff Vision mentioned about the Stark Industries legal team.  It might have been a slip, but I caught it.”
So Jarvis immediately guesses someone got to those annotations first. And now, he has two problems in his hands.
He squeezes his eyes shut. His lips shut. He wishes he could block his ears to, to pretend he can’t hear the way her breathing is wet and labored too.
“Affirmative, Boss.” FRIDAY informs, and falls back silent naturally, as she undoubtably begins to work her way through every channel she has available to update her translators and, by consequence, Nebula’s and Rocket’s.
Tony just... He never told him that, because how could he? How could he tell Steve that and not completely give himself away, with that ridiculous crush of his?
her to do so, by the way she closes her eyes and sighs, her hands closed in fists by her sides, shaking with poorly contained rage. “Vision is not even
, ripping through their lungs and throats with all their strength, some of them jolting and jumping like they’ve been electrocuted, only to drop everything and run, run into the night, pushing others and dashing between rubble and destruction, wild fear in their eyes, like they’re afraid they’re gonna get hurt.
He can’t focus. He feels like uncapped wire, ready to be set aflame at the slightest touch, to ignite in energy and explosion at the smallest opportunity to do so.
Everett Ross, however, Tony knows even less about. He knows he was the one in charge of Zemo after T’Challa dropped him off at CIA’s doorstep wrapped like a Christmas present, and in doing so, he got himself involved in some mediation business between CIA and the UN. He’s Air Force, if Tony’s not wrong. Like Rhodey. Tony can see why he and Carter seem to be teaming up instinctively in this. The guy clearly must be good, because Ross let him into some important business with little to no fuss, which is
“Who was he?” Natasha asks, her voice uncharacteristically raspy, and Tony doesn’t miss the way she slides the correction softly into her question, so smoothly Bruce doesn’t even realize she’s doing it, her eyes locked to Tony’s in search for an answer.
“Where were you?” The woman screams, beating Cap’s chest with her trembling fists, no aim or strength, only despair. “
They are all so out of touch with what means to have normal reactions or a normal life. What was he expecting other than awkward, heavy, stifling silence, with the history between them?
Thor is actually the first one to notice Tony and Pepper approaching because he’s sitting right across from the door. His eyes snap wide and alert when he sees movement, and they all follow his suit, so by the time Tony manages to get close enough to murmur a
“If I had any idea this is how you guys were going to act I wouldn’t have let this happen.” Rhodey tells them under a scrutinizing gaze, his shoulders tight with tension and his mouth pressed into a line. “I thought we would be cool.”
, far too forceful and unyielding to sound like the joke that, in another lifetime, it would have been.
His body is so tense and his heart beats so loud he can barely hear himself think, so he almost misses what Visions has to say. But he doesn’t. He listens, as carefully as he can, carving each word into his brain like a tattoo, trying to grasp every detail, every shift of Vision’s voice, any hidden meaning that might be laced between his words, because Steve
“Stark, with all due respect,” Thor politely says, all soft, disheartened words. “Ms. Potts has no training. She’s not a warrior.”
“Isn’t it better if you come with us?” Natasha asks, standing her ground even as the others begin to turn to leave. “It’s not safe to stay alone when we don’t know what or who is out there.”
Nebula doesn’t react, her body completely stiff, but her eyes dart quickly to the distance and back, as if she’s silently connecting the dots.
He stops, because he fears what the words that almost came tumbling out of his mouth might cause. It wouldn’t be the first time that the way Tony phrases this idea causes distress between them, his failing to convey correctly the mess of feelings and intentions in his chest pushing Pepper into a frantic state of frustration and concern. This is how it always starts.
“As you’d prefer, Visitor.” FRIDAY replies all sugary sweet, sass and elegance, her vowels rolling supple and round, her cadence just like the incredible woman she’d been modeled after had been.
“What else would you propose?” Tony prods, irritably. “You know no other place would be strong enough.
His mouth twitches strangely, like – like he’s trying to stop his chin from quivering. It’s unexpected and sudden, and Tony can’t help but notice the use of
And Steve, who had writhed in silence over another lost chance, who had realized that this is what his life would always be like, his curse, to watch the people he cares about to be taken away by the shortcomings of his decisions, by his failures; He had dared to hope again.
“I’ve sent a message through the communicators, Boss. Agent Romanov, Agent Barton, and Captain Rogers seem to be arriving at the location of the Sanctum, and will return the call as soon as more information is provided.” FRIDAY helpfully says, and Tony is about to finally let out a breath and let loose the immeasurable tension in his shoulders, to
There isn’t much to say, because Vision soon stops speaking, and waits for Steve to say something in return. He doesn’t. Steve stands there, his ears ringing with a shrill noise, sweat beading in his skin and his beard scratchy and itchy and uncomfortable, his hands shaking, his stomach dropping so low he almost fears something is wrong in his body. He feels like the entire world has just given away beneath his feet.
Peggy understands his reasons, his need to keep the Captain America dream alive, and she might even begrudgingly admit she admires his sharp focus on his objective, when so many others have already quit. But she’s tired, so tired; and her heart still aches too much when she thinks about Steve Rogers, brave and kind and so selfless, and life has not stopped even though the world has lost one of its best. They must keep going. Steve wouldn’t have wanted them to be stuck in the past because of him.
But Steve has to learn how to navigate through that guilt. Bucky doesn’t listen when Steve says it wasn’t his fault. Bucky doesn’t believe him.
“It’s complicated.” Tony huffs, moving closer to the worktables in a wobbly step. “I have all the original plans for what the program was supposed to be – his calibration settings, the code, the learning parameters, but none of those are exclusive to Ultron.”
“How is that any more ridiculous than anything else we’ve seen so far?” Bruce shrugs defensively. “If they are sentient –
And it was useful for other people too – after the disastrous incident with the giant bunny, Tony created protocols for Pepper. 1-R is just one of many, and ironically, the only one Tony hoped to never, ever need to use. And all the things he planned for the wedding – maybe he’ll have to… delete those. Or maybe set them aside for a while. Maybe. He doesn’t really know. He doesn’t know how to stop hoping, honestly.
Pepper’s hands grasp his arms anxiously, her voice calling his name in half-reprimand, half-desperation, but for the first time, Tony ignores her protest. He will not back down on this. He will not be left behind while they go on and risk their lives also being countless hours with no sleep and no sustenance. Tony knows he’s injured, but he doesn’t
“Things seem to be getting better.” Steve admits. “I don’t have much faith in governments, but I do trust people, T’Challa.”
They barely walk three steps in that direction before FRIDAY chips in again. “Boss.”, she urgently calls. “Dum-E and U are in the lounge.”
“What about Jim?” Pepper asks suddenly, surprising him. “And Bruce, do you know what happened to them? And what about that – that man at the park? The one with the portals? Can’t he help?”
He stops by Natasha’s side, his shoulder to hers, and they both let their eyes get lost in the sky and the dim stars they can see above them, almost being overshadowed by the brightness of the city below.
, who knows what its like to be feared better than anyone else, who knows how harmful and consuming fear can be, but who also knows what Ross is capable of and doesn’t trust him one bit – he can’t console or reprimand Tony, can’t agree or disagree, he can only hang on the edge and watch as the fallout of the fight he wasn’t here for destroys his former teammates, and know he cannot help.
Sure, sounds amazing, but Tony has to admit he’s not quite sharing Bruce’s excitement right now. He is much more focused on another bit of information Thor has provided. “They use
, and Pepper is muttering hasty agreements and moving swiftly, the rustle of her clothes audible even over the call.
“Wait, Imma need you to stop right there and explain that.” Tony raises a finger, blinking owlishly. “The what now?”
“The Stones have to be destroyed by something equally powerful.” Natasha frowns, opening her hands in an exasperated gesture. “We know this, Vision figured it out.”
, that if Bruce and the Other Guy could come to an understanding, he can still get why being exposed is not something Bruce feels comfortable with, no matter how strong his other half is.
“Vision was never afraid of me.” Wanda whispers, leaving the knife on top of the board, holding herself on the counter to keep herself grounded. “I didn’t want to give him a reason to be.”
why Barton was so quick to jump to conclusions and trust Rogers instead of Tony, and the reasons why he kept being angry at Tony despite
“Do you feel pain?” Nebula asks after a beat, almost as an afterthought, interrupting his line of logic harshly.
Tony closes his eyes, head hanging low, and when he tries to breathe, tries to open his mouth to speak, what comes out is a sob, a distorted sound losing itself around the agony, and it echoes through the walls in the most agonizing way, piercing his ears.
, and Steve takes a deep breath, unsure how to respond, and he opts for leaning on the tiny counter in the kitchen, looking at the floor and pretending that discussing his teammates romantic feelings doesn’t make him extremely uncomfortable.
“I tried all I could.” Tony admits, which only makes everything worse. Because he did. He did try his best, he used every weapon in his arsenal, and it still wasn’t enough. “In the end, Strange gave him the Stone and we couldn’t do anything.”
It feels wrong, to harp on her hatred for them, for him, when so much had happened since Ultron was defeated. Since her brother was killed in the fight. Tony has never had the same feelings of care and protectiveness Steve and Clint had for her, but he’s never been… heartless. He respected her, or he tried to. Maybe he wasn’t good at it, but he tried. And he tried to make reparations when he could, even from a distance.
He makes a high-pitched noise as he exhales, blinking slowly and raising his eyebrows, as if he’s having trouble keeping himself focused.
“He also could have killed me in the Battle of Wakanda, and he didn’t. He didn’t kill any of us, not directly.” Then, he turns to Tony. “And he didn’t kill you.”
Thor, who admittedly has no fault, looks at the others, baffled and in clear need for rescue. They all stare back, even more confused.
“It’s just easier that way. Everyone did it.” Steve explains, but Tony isn’t sure if it’s meant to be a comfort or something else. He’s not sure if Steve knows either, from the distant look on his face. “Whether they were alone or… with another soldier, it’s just safer if no one can hear you. Even if everyone knows it happens.”
Sam makes a sound that seems like a low, exasperated whistle. “I’m glad you give speeches better than you lie.”
Tony can’t even pretend it doesn’t tear his heart right open just thinking about how cold the bed it’s gonna be that night.
“He’s separating SI from the Avengers. Now the Avengers are run by the United Nations, he can’t have a private property running in the same location.  It seems like he was organizing this for a very long time, the announcement was made yesterday morning but the equipment is almost all ready to be shipped out. By the end of the month, the Tower will be empty.”
spread it like he’s forcing it open with a crowbar, because he can’t step back and let the others do something and stay with her, like she asked him to?
His hands are far too big for such delicate work, however. Thoughtlessly, he leans forward and grabs a toolbox from the side of the panel, pretending he doesn’t wince when the skin over his ribs pulls taut and the edges of his stab wound when he does, swallowing his whine back down to avoid alerting Nebula and making her turn around.  It’s not very effective, because he still grunts when he shifts back into a seated position, but Nebula doesn’t turn around anyway, and Tony feels a rush of something that is far too close to
?” Tony shakes his head, closing his eyes tightly, mind reeling as if he’s been hit with a baseball bat.
When he’s like this, he likes to caress her hair. In his daily life, Tony’s touches are reserved for metal and iron, for electricity and tools hard-edged and cold, precise and sometimes lethal; In contrast, the touch of her hair is soft like a cloud, delicate and pretty, so incredibly comforting to run fingers through and massage the scalp. Tony had always loved to cup her waist or her nape, to give a soothing squeeze into her skin, hoping he can say, without any words, that he’s there for her. To give her warmth. He has always preferred to give her affection in less than direct ways. In hidden gestures, in small actions – because when he does something purposefully visible, he tends not to know when to stop. The giant bunny incident still makes him embarrassed sometimes. So this – this moment… it feels like home.
“Ross was the one who…” Bruce falters. “He was the one trying to recreate the serum they used to create Captain America. Besides me. When it didn’t work, he chased me for it. Trying to get the Hulk.”
Clint nods curtly, muttering an affirmative, but then he makes a quick pause and huffs out a hollow laugh, and says “I don’t think that’s not going to be a problem.” And with another look over to the side, a small smirk appears on his face, his eyes gleaming with an exasperated, confused mirth. “He doesn’t seem to be going anywhere soon.”
But the very first one, Bucky, told me all I needed to know. When Bucky vanishes, his ashes fall to the floor and don't disappear. They stay there. Which means his ashes, as well as everybody else's, can be dispersed through the air and become one of the biggest problems for the remaining population of the Earth.
Steve looks at the door for a moment, unsure about how to proceed, when he realizes that this is probably why Clint kept looking to the side when they talked earlier. That had been almost an hour ago. “How long have they been in there?”
the best option. Because if it works… We’re going to be sparing a lot of people a lot of unnecessary pain. Yes, it
“I didn’t know you could cook.” He says lightly, hoping the amicability he tries to inject in his voice is noticeable.
Bruce looks at Rhodey as if he expects him to laugh at his face and say it’s a joke – but Rhodey has nothing but a steadfast, sure look in his eyes, the same unwavering conviction that carried him through his entire life, though MIT and Air Force and everything else, the sense of trust in his friends and teammates and the fierce instinct to protect them against everything, even their own demons. Tony knows that look very, very well. He’s been on the aim of that look more times than he can count; and Rhodey wouldn’t be Rhodey if he wasn’t like this – steady, understanding, and so loyal it makes the heart feel tight at the idea of being one of his’. There are no lies in Rhodey’s eyes. Never. And Bruce must see it too; Because he pauses, his eyes scanning Rhodey’s face, and after a beat, he relaxes, his shoulders no longer hunching, the wry smile disappearing from his face, replaced with a serious, but heartfelt sincerity when he says:
“It’s a way of teaching him image recognition. Create an archetype to relate to a word, then learn how the archetype can vary; then, whenever an image of the object shows up, by comparing it to the archetype characteristics and possible variations, identify what object it is.”
“I have.” Tony interrupts, because he really doesn’t want to hear it, even if he’s aware that what he’s seen does not compare to two entire days living in this post-apocalyptic hell.
The spare piece. The one who is still longing to complete the image that it’s supposed to belong to, but the image changes too fast, and he no longer has a place where he can fit into.
So stretchy armor it is! It’s harder than it looks like, actually, to find the perfect ration between hardness and flexibility, and as much money Tony has, he thinks it would be best if he could find a way to make it last longer, even with the constant strain of extending and shrinking of fabric, instead of replacing the damn thing every month. That is gonna take a little while.
“Oh, thank God.” He breathes, because that’s all he can really say, that’s all that will demonstrate at least a small fraction of how deep his relief is. “FRIDAY, are you okay?”
He wonders if Steve’s afraid. It’s hard to imagine him being afraid of anything, but then again, Tony didn’t imagine they would ever sleep together, either.
“Please. Thank you.” Lang exhales, long and suffering, eyes closing in a brief moment as a rush of relief visibly runs through him like a flood, his shoulders dropping and hands wringing the knees of his jeans, fingers bony and pale. “Did they all make it? The team?”
when she arrived at the CIA, despite the fact the Black Panther could defend himself very well, it had seemed. “D’you think they would stop the Queen from getting our calls for any reason?”
“Why?” Sam speaks suddenly, almost startling him, unconsciously pulling Steve’s gaze back up to face Sam directly.
is an incredible woman, she honestly awes him and Steve couldn’t be more proud to call such a woman his teammate and his friend, but what honestly – What is the fundamental difference between her and
The others look troubled, trading glances, and Tony understands their hesitation and is furious and is saddened by it at the same time, all at once, and he can’t find a way to properly express it without sounding like a maniac, so he
It came up in a conversation and it just… escalated from there. They go to MIT, then to Tony’s favorite ice cream shop – that luckily is still around –, Tony gets them both gigantic scoops and then they just walk around.
why they’re concerned in the first place, because they very well have reasons to be. After the shitshow that was their
No, no, that’s not it. For fucks sake, Tony, Steve is trying to understand. He is, ok? He can’t quite make it there yet, but he’s trying. He doesn’t want to just accept they are over. He won’t.
From his point of view, the sequence is rushed and confusing, just as it felt when he was up there, fighting. There are odd turns of his head on some occasions, and it’s weird to watch and not be there, because it feels like being inside a helmet someone else is controlling the direction of. Somewhere deep inside, the part of Tony’s brain that sometimes makes weird associations with no rhyme or reason, thinks this might be his very own Blair Witch Project –
He steps inside and Bruce follows, and the awkwardness of his silence compels Bruce to drop it for a moment, and they both get to work of gearing up the machine and getting some supplies in tense, fragile quiet. It’s not fair to Bruce, making him uncomfortable to stop him from insisting on his questioning, but what can Tony do? What can he possibly say? That he’s sorry he worried them? He didn’t mean to. He went out there to try and save the world, and they all know that there’s always a chance he won’t come back. He didn’t even know if he would make it back. It’s the burden of their occupation. And even if they were worried, which still makes Tony’s heart squeeze painfully, like a fist going around it and holding so tight onto it that it nearly stops beating, he cannot dwell in it.
“Hospital.” Nebula answers, and her mouth wraps around the word with slight discomfort, as if it is unusual to her. “New York. Where you told me to land.”
is driving him crazy. Even more so now, when he can hear Clint’s voice right beside that other one, a concerned whisper full of reluctance, full of sadness and sorrow, saying he
argue about everything. They think too differently. And Steve had once thought that was the problem,
He doesn’t care, because as soon as he steps out and the stifling heat of the outside hits him, the smell of sulfur and the gloom, gray tones of the sky—
Steve gets up and jumps over Clint’s legs on the floor to be able to leave quietly, the dim lights of the living room and the sounds of car chases only barely registering in his mind, and he grabs himself some juice and a coffee mug for Tony without any rush, the movie forgotten in the lazy, familiar feeling of
It’s because people get hurt, in the wake of the things they do, or fail to do. People get hurt, people get
him. And that’s saying a lot. That – That’s it, I made him, it’s on me, and that’s why your… You were the one who made Vision worthy. Not me. And it doesn’t matter, it
And this, Pepper doesn’t get. It frustrates him – even if he can understand her side, because he can, he’d also go mad with worry if
Sam is not having any of his attempts of deflection. He keeps pushing it. “He was trying to kill you or trying to bring you in?”
“It is not only the accidents” FRIDAY informs, and as soon as she does, more screens pop up with various videos playing, a cacophony of disturbing sounds and too-fast images, all of them blurring together in his tired mind. “Riots have been detected in over thirty-three countries, often multiple riots in the same location only hours apart. People are stealing goods, mainly food, and it is possible that people have been hurt or even killed during these riots.”
He can remember, crystal-clear, the tone of Natasha’s words cutting through the warm, humid air of Wakanda, at the night of their fight, her raging defiance when she shouted in his face
standing up, hanging on its’ last legs, wobbly, fractured, but still there – even if for just a little while. She pretends she can’t feel when his chest hitches from where she lays her head over his heart, and he pretends he can’t feel the way she trembles when he wraps his arms around her and squeezes her tight, trembling too.
?” There it is, the anger. Simmering just below the surface, like a crocodile, floating under the water, ready to snap its jaws around anything that dares to come too close. And Tony sticks his hand
Steve makes a pause, wondering if there’s any way he can explain himself without sounding like a total control-freak.
Tony didn’t bring her here for this. She knows that, right? This, Dum-E and U, this is a coincidence. Tony’s not taking Nebula in like a stray kitten or anything like that, like he’s adopting her or something, because he knows Nebula would
“And your plan is to fight him again.” Thor says, in a dark tone. “Now, when he has all six Infinity Stones and is more powerful than ever? The most
“And what do you want us to do?” Natasha asks, almost in an accusation, sounding hurt; And Tony doesn’t know if she’s trying to pick a fight or not, but suddenly, Tony’s rage just disappears in a thin wisp of breath, dissolving into nothingness like the ashes did, and his shoulders drop, and the entire weight of the world falls upon him in a second.
“Because he was looking for you.” T’Challa immediately says, and all the blood in Steve’s body freezes, because it’s
Natasha gives him a scornful smirk, raising an eyebrow. “You honestly think Vision went behind Tony’s back to read the records?”
– the only exception to the rule, he supposes. The only one who got to have all of Rogers, probably ever. Would he tell her about what happened? Would he—
But he must. He must, because Steve’s mind is obviously in the wrong place, even if he wants to believe is heart is still on the right, and he needs someone else to tell him that because by now, he knows how this goes. He knows he gets too deep and he can’t find a way out of his own defensive, aggressive logic. His own teammates had seen to that. First Natasha, then Scott, the Clint, then Wanda— all of them, little by little, hitting all the soft spots in the fortress Steve built around himself until there was nothing left to protect the struggling mess beneath.
been fully convinced Tony wasn’t pulling his leg, at least not until Tony kneeled and started pulling down his pants. Tony doesn’t know if Steve’s willingness to follow him to the bedroom had been really out of uncontainable desire – which Tony would
” He exclaims, and even as he limps unsteadily, even as his sides throb with the ache of his injuries that never find enough downtime to heal, he makes a quick run towards the elevator, Nebula getting up confusedly behind him and following his trail with an angry
it wasn’t a hallucination but could very well try to convince himself it was, had he woken up alone.
“He wouldn’t, no one would destroy their biggest weapon and their only chance to protect themselves after challenging the entire universe to a deathmatch. He
“Barely.” Nebula curtly replies, before almost smothering Tony with the blanket by how much strength she uses to wrap it around him, pressing the edges of it to his hands firmly. “Hold tight.”
“He is still the Winter Soldier. He is wanted in over 90 countries, including the US and Germany.” Natasha counters.
We're almost done with Pepper, my friends. I told you it wouldn't be easy. But it is necessary, because this issue has dragged on for far too long, and although there's a universe out there where they might've been able to surpass this in a softer, kinder way, this isn't that universe. Sometimes, it hurts. I'm not afraid of showing that, because if we're dealing with truth, then we have to face it all. My world is not very kind, I'm afraid.
He knows how it happened. He knows every single choice, every single word, every single turn and decision that brought them here, to this point in time, where Steve finds himself alone in a rooftop with his legs hanging over the edge, his eyes lost on the horizon line and his heart crumbling into pieces.
to her, like a flower, a strange mixture of smooth movement and hard metal, coming closer to wrap itself around her like a cocoon, and Pepper lets it, raising her arms with no question and stepping back into the foothold the support plates give her – and right there, before their eyes, Pepper
of him as family, and isn’t that exactly what Nebula is talking about, sort of? Not exactly, but what he realizes is that
Steve doesn’t have a home now. The nation he spent all his life protecting was now hunting him, treating him like a criminal, and he would take a little peace anywhere he could find it, even if this nation would never be his home either.
“According to Mr. Lang’s lawyer, this is good news.” Vision informs. “The possibility of imprisonment in the Raft has been completely discarded, and there is still a chance of making an appeal to reduce the sentence, possibly even request a house arrest. We are very sure that the outcome can be even more positive, with some long-term work in Mr. Lang’s case.”
“Do good!?” Steve interrupts. “You saw what they did to Bucky! He is innocent! And they were going to shoot him on sight!”
Pepper knows it too. She doesn’t prod, she doesn’t scream, she doesn’t argue – she does, however, let out a sigh of relief when the elevator reaches the main floor and the doors open to reveal the Compound, as quiet and neat as it was before, before all of this, and the normalcy of it is so welcome to her that Tony can feel it beneath his hands, the way she releases the tension in her shoulders like a steel cable finally being relieved of weight.
. His behavior attracts some unwanted attention – because by now, people have learned how to recognize his actions when he enters an Manic Inventor Binge, as Obie likes to call it -, but he’s far too deep now to back down from this challenge. Because that’s what this is, a challenge. He hasn’t struggled to solve a program so hard in years and it’s
They haven’t done anything wrong. They hadn’t left by choice, they were pressured by the Accords, and they all did what they thought was right at that moment. They can’t be blamed for that.
“Baseball bats, pipes, and other blunt objects. No firearms yet, but we can’t be sure. Fire and explosives of some kind, definitely. I’m willing to bet it’s alcohol bottles, not any kind of professional equipment.”
, of the unknowing attack she inflicted on him during her nightmares; And then Steve halts and realizes that Clint said that misunderstanding had happened
Barton will go as far as to betray the trust of his family for his mission. That’s the kind of agent he is.
Tony and Rogers share a deeply confused look, startled by the quick, unexpected decision, but Tony can see in his eyes that Rogers knows no more than he does at this point. He’s just as baffled, just as stressed.
“You want to shake on it?” Steve jokes, and he is pleased to see that is enough to bring out her laugh, to make the last of her anxiety ebb away and allow only the gleeful hope to guide her from now on.
because he’d been at the NEXUS, in Norway, when Natasha was captured while trying to retrieve Helen Cho’s Cradle.
“It took you two years, and you never told him. It… It makes me wonder, you know?” Sam inquires. “Would you have told him? At all?”
, might have done to her, the sting of her initial feelings is something will always echo in the corners of his mind, much like Charles Spencer’s mother’s voice.
okay, but Tony has a number now, and numbers he can work with. “So we have to get whatever we can in less than three months.”
so tired. “I did. You can’t forget that. I read that document and I thought it was reasonable, or at least reasonable enough, to give it a shot.”
“I’ll make it eight.” Nebula confidently affirms, and stands up. “Our ship is faster. Let them know I’m coming and have the weapon ready. I’ll be back as fast as I can.”
“Carter and Ross are joining us, we need people to help contain the crowd.” She cuts off, words razor sharp. “Get in the Jet, Tony.”
Before Tony can even process the shift of his emotions and thoughts when she does so, the presence close to her registers in his fuzzy mind, and Tony’s eyes dart up a little wide, and, to be completely honest, a little shocked.
They are not sure how they should proceed from here. Steve doesn’t even know what they were all expecting; Something much worse, for starters – something that might have forced them to suit up and invade the Raft again, something that would once again spark a fight, something
“Come here.” Tony slurs, opening her arms to her, and she walks closer with a bone-weary sigh and wraps her own arms around him, her head chin tucked neatly in his shoulder, her warm cheek against his neck; And her heartbeat to Tony’s chest.
couldn’t, not about this – I promised I would be accountable by what I did, I made that promise a decade ago and I’m not gonna back down on it just because Rogers has trust issues. I owe this to a lot of people. And maybe, yeah – maybe if we had more time, or if we hadn’t fought so much, maybe we could have found a solution, but we
“Is everything alright?” Thor inquires, tone incredibly delicate, and it’s terribly polite of him to ask, given how awful Tony knows he looks. It’s not even a question worth asking, at this point.
The sound keeps echoing in his head, even when the metal plate of the wall behind him stops vibrating with the impact. It sounds weird. A dull, distant sound of a hard plate, so tangible Tony can almost feel the way it crawls inside his brain like a worm, finding a place to nest deep inside his cortex.
She hadn’t known, then, how to help him. To be honest, Tony doesn’t even know if he can be helped by any normal methods.
bothers him, and there’s not much he can do about it. His hands itch around the comm unit, but he really doesn’t need to do anything to it, he’ll just leave it at the table, connect it to FRIDAY, and Rogers can do his thing. He doesn’t
“Get him to meet me at gate.” It’s all he says, and Tony wants to argue more, but he knows that it’ll get nowhere, so he takes what he can get.
His body won’t let him. He tried, when he got back to his room – the luxurious suite T’Challa had so kindly spared him, even though Steve insisted it was completely unnecessary -, because as soon as he found himself alone, his thoughts began to wander in so many dangerous directions he decided the best course of action would be not thinking
“So you want me to get into Nova’s records or what? I can’t do that from here. And it’s not like I can go all the way there and
“He hasn’t been Iron Man effectively for a while now.” Natasha says, raising one eyebrow at him, as if Steve’s being naïve and forgetting a very important detail. “How many times have the Avengers been called since we left? Two, three at most? It’s been a pretty slow year so far.”
and carefully closed-off, and Tony had felt all of that so deeply, had felt it resonate so loudly into his own soul, made him want to
But there IS a path we can take to bring him there that doesn't require that sacrifice. It's the path I believe should be taken, if we truly wished things to get better in the future - and stay better, for real, for half an arch cannot stand. As long as there's unresolved tension and unexplored issues, the Avengers can't become the team I wish they were, so we'll have to take another route to make sure no stone is left unturned in this story.
“The Chitauri also seemed like they had a different kind of metal, but after SHIELD collected the weapons it was all regular metal boosted up with Infinity Stone juice.” Tony shrugs, crossing his arms defensively. He hopes no one asks why he was reading reports on Chitauri metal in the first place.
But now, when the one chance of happiness Tony still had for himself has walked out of his life, and the mission at hand doesn’t get any easier, only harder, and bleaker, and darker… What kind of face can he show to Thor, who has managed to do what Tony couldn’t anymore, to
secret every single day and night, a secret that rips him open from the inside out every time someone mentions Tony or Bucky or anything else that makes him remember.
“You didn’t, Crossbones did.” Clint rebukes. “And you might be a good leader, Cap, but you’re not omnipotent. Sometimes, we’re going to be pushed into a bad position. We all have to be prepared to deal with it. That includes Wanda.”
. But when Clint convinced me to join SHIELD, and I learned about her, I felt…” she shrugs. “Like I had just met someone like me.”
Saying we were attacking them and destroying their countries. People were afraid. How long until they were too afraid that we would have to shut it all down? And then, who would have protected the Earth?”
“But we don’t know how the Accords will play out.” Sam argues back, not aggressively, but firmly. “The guy is not an Avenger, so how does he fit in on the superhero stuff? Vision said something about self-defense but claiming self-defense after tearing off the wings of a Boeing is not going to fly.”
Thor has been gone looking for the Infinity Stones. He’s been gone for years, while they were down here, fighting over pieces of paper and wanted men, and when that realization drops hard on Tony’s head, he feels like the biggest asshole in the entire universe. Thor had been out there, and Tony had almost forgotten, had almost
“We have some translators too.” Rocket interrupts, jumping up the table so he can grab a book as well, turning it in all directions so he can inspect the cover. “If you can give us access to the robot lady’s data, we could download it to our stuff and work faster on it.”
“I saw you, Stark. In my vision.” Thor interrupts, and Tony chokes in his own tongue by the mere abruptness of it. “That is why I’m here, talking to
this is happening. “There wasn’t a bed, but they will find him eventually. There wasn’t… There’s nowhere else to take him.”
His eyesight starts to get dark at the edges, like a bad photo filter, and in a completely stupid move to keep himself awake, Tony brings his heavy, heavy head forward and slams it back again, much softer than he’s intended, because his neck can’t seem to be firm enough to hold the weight of his skull after all. But sure enough— There it is, the distant, dull sound, something that Tony seems to hear not by his ears, but by the back of his head, like it comes from the inside, and for some reason it
We’ll never know. If the Stone can be used on a single object instead of the entire universe then maybe you could reverse Time in a small scale without it all falling apart. But if you can’t, and as soon as you activate it the whole universe just starts spinning backwards – there’s a big chance we wouldn’t
on Earth alone, who knows how many others out there? It should have been impossible. This – this kind of tragedy shouldn’t even be able to exist. In comparison, a way out, a way to fix this—
, and you won’t return to fix it. Saving yourself from the heartbreak of looking back and see the destruction you may have caused.
Let's see what I can find beneath what I consider to be the most intriguing, but also the most unlikely duo ever presented in the MCU, Rogers and Romanov.
It reminds him of the day they met. The Helicarrier, the lab. The Tesseract. Bruce’s algorithm to track the Gamma radiation of the cube had been a work of art, his knowledge of the interactions of the particles and molecules precise and familiar, the confidence only an expert in their field can exude, with all the care and thoughtfulness someone who
“I know. But if she decides she wants to face the crowd, there’s nothing we can do about that.” Clint says resignedly.
And Steve feels like a failure, deep inside, never being able to protect his best friend, even now. Even after everything he’s done. Everything he’s sacrificed.
“Tony?” Rhodey asks, distantly, and Tony blinks, only to find him halfway up the stairs, looking down at him with a deep frown on his face.
“We did some remodeling.” Tony eyes her, making it very clear that yes, it was not a random decision, but
Tony knows that with the right push, all that hesitation will fly out straight out of the window and Bruce is going to be pure and unfiltered
Until then, the room is cold. He’s alone. She’s downstairs, finishing her report from Agent Carter, or Agent Ross, or maybe something else. He’s not sure. He was too keyed up, too rattled to fully grasp what she’d been doing when he finally saw her on the hangar after so many hours of simply… not thinking of her. Of long, excruciating moments of fearing she might’ve thought he didn’t care about her. He came up because she assured him it was fine, and he trusted her, he left her to finish her job because the trusted she’d come to him soon and they’d… talk, maybe, or just sleep. Just hold each other. He’d have taken anything. He simply trusted her, and waited, even if the room is cold, even if it’s too empty without her.
“How can he be safe?” Jarvis asks, hating the edge of panic he can hear in his own voice. “How can he be safe if you already know who he is?”
“The Norns showed me the Stones would come together in a single object – a gauntlet, formed by a giant nebula.”
“We will connect you all to the comms of the Compound, so you can contact us faster.” Pepper continues, taking advantage of the lull in the discussion to shift her attention to Agent Carter, who is still standing with them. “FRIDAY can also help with the missions outside. If there’s any emergencies, all you need to do is let us know and we’ll come as soon as we can.”
She takes a glance at the tiny plate before him, the one they brought to the table along with the coffee cups just so they could pretend they are not running with absolutely no sustenance for almost 24 hours. She and Sam snagged a few bites almost immediately, but Steve hasn’t touched a single cookie so far. Nat must’ve noticed he isn’t eating much these days.
Rogers’ jaw twitches, so intensely not even the beard can hide the motion. “We’ll be back as soon as we can.”
Tony is fine, he tells himself. Tony is fine, he tries to say, but the words never leave his mouth. Tony is fine, he is fine, why isn’t Steve
“Tony destroyed it during the fight.” It’s all he says, trying to be as concise as possible. He told them they fought. That Zemo was there and he manipulated them into a fight; But he never told them how. Going into details felt wrong, like exposing something Bucky feels so terrible about—
If the situation is so dire that people will start abandoning their posts and running away, what guarantee does anyone have that anything will be safe? People go mad without order. Tony can talk big and rant about not following rules, he can put on an arrogant face and act on his rebel persona all he likes, but by now, he is far beyond the years of not acknowledging the importance of having a guide, a moral, a
“How does that help us stealing the stones from Thanos? He’s got all six.” Rocket bitterly complains. “Are we gonna get them one by one?”
been that important for Clint, this team. And Tony knew, of course he knew, he has no business feeling even the slightest bit of disappointment in finally hearing it out loud, especially not after this big, crying moment he shared with Nebula and Rocket, because he
on them – if the shock of seeing Tony alive happens, it might be for the best, even; The SHIELD personnel seemed to be very taken aback that Tony had survived. Hopefully, the crowd would react in the same way, just long enough for them to find a way to stop the riot and neutralize any possible threats.
“I know.” Sam agrees. “But can you blame the guy for reacting badly? They were his parents, man. I don’t know what I would have done in his place.”
, because there is no point.” Tony stubbornly says, crossing his arms and pouting. “I am not doing anything, and I am not sleeping with Steve. We go out, as friends, and we have fun. And what do people care if I pay for everything? I always pay for everything! I pay the Avengers as a group, why are people saying Steve is getting special treatment?”
Four years until the story picks up? Sitting idle inside the Compound, wallowing in guilt and loss until the end of days, waiting for a blessing from the skies to arrive? No, darlings. Here, we work with a time restraint. We work with the highest of stakes. We work with consequences.
Thor seems surprisingly neutral about the idea of Thanos being able to destroy his axe, Tony realizes in mild surprise. Or maybe not neutral but –
Steve tries to breathe in deep, and he tells himself it’s fine, Tony’s fine, he can relax now, he can breathe because everything is fine.
on it, when every time he showed up before was only when Bruce asked, and with all the reluctance of someone who doesn’t want you to come?
“He used it.” Thor tells him, sounding stunned, confused. “He opened a portal. Using the Space Stone.”
“Relax, I’m just pulling your leg.” Tony backs down, trying to sound playful. “I know I’m not the easiest person to deal with. And I talk a lot. Sometimes, when I shouldn’t. But that’s okay! I got it out my chest and you took a nap, all in a good day of work. Doesn’t actually matter if you weren’t listening.”
Tony can’t do much more than to stare at him, brows pinched in confusion, bracing himself against the worktop, fingers cold.
“Tony.” Steve tilts his head, playfully, like he can’t believe Tony’s surprise. “Ma practically adopted you the moment you stepped a foot inside her house. If I hadn’t stopped her, she would have trapped you there and never let you leave.”
Time was always getting the best of him. First, he lost it, and was thrown into a world where everything happened so fast he couldn’t keep up, couldn’t rest, couldn’t trust. Seventy years passed him by and he didn’t even know, leaving and being left, and there was no way of getting anything back. That’s the worst part. That no matter what he does, how hard he tries, how many rules he breaks, the clock just doesn’t turn back. This is it. He lost those years. That’s all there is to it.
“Maybe not. How about resent?” Natasha offers, kindly. “Cap... Tony gets so deep under your skin you don’t even realize how much. I didn’t understand it at first, but now I do. Do you know why we are still here? Why we are still running, even though I know you don’t give a
But they can’t. She knows it. She knows it because Anthony was it, he was perfect and hers and she cannot replace him the same way she would replace a broken china cup or a torn-up doll. He’s not a mere object she would carry around like a prize, something to be shown off to rich snobs and pretentious people. He was her son. And she misses him like she would miss a limb, like something was cut off the moment he stopped breathing.
It’s like watching butterflies through a thick layer of glass, like the exhibit he once saw when he visited museums in California. He never liked those things, even with the frames full of colorful patterns and delicate structure. The cruelty of having such a fragile being pinned by its’ wings, the attempt of transforming death into beauty, hiding selfishness under a pretty casing. It makes him uneasy. He doesn’t feel like he’s a part of it. It’s the very same feeling he had when he first woke up in this century, when he stopped by the coffee shop and sketched for hours, and all the buildings he drew looked
“Is everything alright?” Thor asks him, in a gentle tone, when he finds Tony drumming his fingers around a cup of coffee in the dim kitchen at almost midnight.
“I don’t design my AIs to leave trails.” Tony tilts his head to the side, raising his eyebrows. “It doesn’t look good when people find out the guy who invaded the Pentagon was you. But even though they weren’t meant to leave trails they were also meant to store information in the most secure way possible, which means
“What happened with you when you were out there?” Rhodey kindly inquires, moving closer and setting himself down onto a workbench, the bulk of the exoskeleton barely looking mechanic at all, his movements slow and fluid, and his entire posture exudes a deep sensation of trustworthiness, of eager desire to help, a soft, understanding posture that to the day, makes Tony recall fond memories of college, when he least deserved it, but when Rhodey became the rock he is to this day in Tony’s life.
that’d be. And both Rhodey and Ross know that, because by the way they are speaking, Ross wants his head on a fucking silver platter and Rhodey is giving him nothing, like the true soldier that he is.
“You know you can call us, right?” Tony asks, softly, with a tilt of his head and teeth worrying his lower lip, hoping Wong can tell that he really means it, he really does.
And the agreement – the sensation of accomplishment, of a small, minuscule victory in the middle of his mess, the tentative step forward in the right direction, it’s the only thing that keeps Tony from shattering where he stands. He’s exhausted. He’s so, so tired. His mind feels like it’s overheating, trying to run in too many directions at once, flooding with plans and to-do lists and pressing concerns, one trampling the other, never standing still.
considering all things.  No one comes to check up on him. There are no footsteps sounding nearby. Besides Nebula and himself, the floor seems empty, and there are no handcuffs on his wrists or straps holding him down to prevent him from escaping.
“And what would you have done!?” Natasha scoffs. “Would you have waited until Barnes came to you willingly to be treated, and then you’d wring a confession out of him?
Tony lets himself be pulled away, pretending he can fall back with ease into the familiar warmth of the banter between him and his best friend, even as he’s feeling anxious and is so damned tired he can’t properly enjoy it; And tries very hard not to look back at the lounge, even as the stares at his retreating back seem to get harder and harder as he goes away; And only when they are finally around the corner and out of the sight of the others, Tony wonders if any of them were glaring not because of Tony’s poorly concealed injuries, but because they somehow noticed the little slip Rhodey made in his speech.
“Tony is using a Reactor again, and you aren’t worried?” Steve throws back the question at her, the deflection so instinctual at this point he doesn’t even realize he is doing it until after he’s done it.
Tonight, when Steve calls him, all he wants is for Bucky to ramble about Wakanda’s marvelous tech and the shenanigans of the village’s kids, to the his mind out of the spiral of doubt that is trying to sweep Steve off the ground and throw him into the wind, trying to ground himself in the comfort that he has done something good, that Bucky is safe and happy and that’s all Steve needs to worry about.
You're more than welcome to throw in a theory or two in the comments section, if you want. Considering the fact that Carol won't be here to help, and no information from Ant-Man and Wasp can be used, I'd like to know if you have any idea how could this possibly be solved. You guys don't have to be shy! I'm sure you know by now I have a lot of fun debating theories and meta with you guys - you are free to share your ideas with me if you'd like! I'd love to hear what you think.
between them. Since their small confessional moment in the chilly quiet of this very same workshop, Tony finds himself very aware of Thor’s nature as a nearly-immortal being, a
” She sighs. “This is what I mean, Steve. Your anger. Your impulses. You refuse to try and call him the same way you refused to look at the Accords and see a chance for us to do some good. They are not perfect, but we can use them. We can use—”
He likes that. He wants to. He wants to stick around, he wants – he wants to keep sleeping, and joking, and learning more. He wants to put in the work to slowly chip away the fortress walls Steve Rogers has raised around himself.
. And if it doesn’t, he just keeps doing it until it does. It doesn’t work as well with feelings at it does with machines. Tony knows how numbers behave, he knows their patterns and their strengths, so when a machine breaks, Tony knows exactly where to tweak to make it work again. But emotions are messy. They ever work that way. So when Tony tinkers, when Tony messes around with absurd options just so he can avoid the ones he doesn’t want to consider, when he does things other people would call madness, that’s his way of trying to find something that works. It’s him pushing the limits of the possibilities until he stumbles upon one that holds best.
“We found the problem with the ship!” Rocket says, but he doesn’t sound happy about it – he sounds annoyed. Tony thinks this might just be his default state, but still, he can’t help to interpret it as a bad sign. “Turns out wasn’t the engine – it was the moron inside the engine! And he says he knows you, iron guy!”
dangerous, and the sheer amount of times he has put her in a bad situation just because he couldn’t let the suit go is more than enough proof of that. So it grates, a little. It stings, even though he doesn’t admit out loud.
“All I could do is bring this back.” Thor raises the enormous gauntlet a bit, calling attention to it. “The mold he had in his forge. It’s not made of the same material, I don’t think, but it was all I could bring with me. Figured it would be better than nothing.”
“The Accords broke us. Bad.” Tony admits, and he kind of hears the words as if its someone else speaking them, like they’re not coming from him, like a narrator has taken over his body as the memories flash through his mind like rolls of old films, as if he’s no longer a person, no longer himself – just a theater for the unpleasant exhibit of his past regrets, the walking register of a disaster he’d rather be left forgotten away by time. “Well, not the Accords themselves, but the fallout from it. We couldn’t get it together. There were…
There it is again, this funny, cruel irony, when Steve realizes that he is now so eager to think about the Accords just so he can avoid thinking about anything else.
“Maria.” Howard calls, and the extra second she takes to raise her head and look at him feels like an eternity. His blood is thrumming with energy. “Come with me for a second.”
His body is no longer cooperating, too weary and too confused by the shock and overwhelming strain, coordination compromised and wounds all over, and his knees try to give in as soon as he puts too much weight on them, gravity pulling him down fast, and he isn’t quick enough to steady himself on his own.
“Yeah, yeah, you just tryin’ to get Steve alone, you ain’t subtle.” Wilson jabs, but before Tony can even process the words fully, let alone react to them, Wilson claps a hand on his back and steps out, supposedly, to find Rhodey. “Good seeing you, man.”
but clearly, I missed something.” Tony jokes, trying to be suave, but Steve is smiling like the way he used to smile when Tony fumbled with his words, when
No one says anything, and Tony looks around, almost daring them to speak. He almost gets to feel smug satisfaction at the apparent lack of objection – but then, he notices how stiff Natasha is sitting. Slowly, the others notice his staring, and they all move to face her.
Steve wonders if this, this mix between anxiety and sadness and hope and happiness… If his is what Clint feels, when he looks at Wanda. The feeling of realizing the child is gone and he must
, and she wants him to know. “And why exactly should Tony trust you, after learning you hid this from him?”
A book on Time. There have been many books and thesis on time before; By scientists, philosophers, all sorts of different people, over and over again. Ever since time has started. Tony may have, in his youth, familiarized himself with the works and theories of Einstein because space had once been something he admired, not feared, and he, like any other who grew up in the time he did, with the abilities he has, knows extensively about the life and the works of Hawking and his many peers – and academic rivals.
“No, I mean… We should hang out. Just the two of us. Again.” Steve says, a little awkward, and he rubs his nape with his hand trying to ease away the hot feeling that blooms in his skin.
“Your suit is destroyed.” Tony says quickly, aiming for arrogance, but it falls short – he can hear the tremble in the syllables, the concern he tried so hard to kill off and never managed to. “How are you gonna fight like this?”
“You were tired.” Pepper replies, and her voice is just as rough with sleep, cracking at the edges; But she sounds like she’s been awake for a while, slurring way less than him. “It’s okay. I was tired too.”
“I know.” Steve smiles sadly, and for a moment, he’s speaking both to Sam, and to himself. “I just hope he can forgive me.”
“I’m sorry.” Steve repeats, because he wants to make sure she can see the sincerity in his eyes when he says so. “I didn’t mean to act the way I acted. I didn’t mean for us to fight. I never wanted that.”
He knows by the sounds of footsteps that the others are following him, and he leads them through the side stairs, just because they are faster and give him an excuse to move instead of going back to the elevator, and he tries to gain some sense of familiarity and security on the way.
Steve does not move. He stands right where he is, in a fucking abandoned car lot a few streets down from their rented rooms, beating the training projection princess Shuri has so kindly provided them with senseless. He can imagine what he looks like. The training projection is made of something Steve can’t even begin to comprehend, something that is made of light but feels
“The Norns see past, present, and future as one.” Thor says, cryptically. “And I fear I might have seen too much of the future, and didn’t realize until it was too late.”
Steve grinds his teeth together, before taking adeep breath and continuing, not exactly succeeding at keeping himself calm. “It’s not a
can have. As much as Bruce would hesitate to work with, or even speak of Gamma radiation back then – and to some extent, even now –, the…
He stops and shakes his head lightly, sensing he’s getting off track, and Tony’s mind is still reeling with the sudden display of vulnerability that he can’t say a word until Thor continues, in hushed, secretive tones.
“An argument that destroyed an airport and nearly benched the Avengers.” Rhodey says, as if he’s annoyed at Tony for omitting information, but what does he
But he should’ve known it wouldn’t. Tony would never allow it. Neither would Ross or the UN, of course, but
“We actually don’t know much either.” Rocket admits, his face incredibly frustrated for a raccoon. “Quill found it in Morag – it’s nowhere special, just one of many rocks floating in space, no rules, no supervision. Askin’ to be stolen, if you ask me. There was a Kree guy lookin’ for it, Gamora too.”
Steve takes this as permission to sit down next to her, in a chair nearby. He doesn’t pull his chair closer, but he does recline forward, placing his elbows on his knees, so eager, so determined to look her in the eye as he says his next words, because if he doesn’t do this, it will all be for nothing. He’s already aching and hurt. He’s already cracked at the corners. Natasha threw all of her emotions and vulnerabilities at him, using them as weapons, and it’s only fair he does the same, that he should expose his heart to her as a price to getting her trust back.
“So he didn’t kill all of you.” Rogers reasons, though Tony had assumed he would have known that – had Thor not told them either, or is this Steve making an argument against Thor’s logic?
“Ok.” Natasha exhales, dropping her shoulders, and then she takes a breath and widens her stance, as if she’s preparing for battle once more. “Pack our things. I’ll grab the Quinjet.”
How can he know what he should do next, when he feels like he has only half of the information? Sometimes, not even that? How— Fuck, he sounds so
“If you want us to go, we’ll go.” Rogers says, in a way that manages to sound both earnest and wounded, until he quickly amends, a little more firmly, “We still want to fight, Tony. Whatever plan you have to get rid of Thanos, we will help you. We’re not going to ignore this.”
Past tense. Bruce notices too, and he quickly moves closer with a concerned gaze, his entire face open in an expression of sympathy. He does not touch Thor, but they lock eyes, and an understanding seems to pass between them; A silent conversation, a question of
“Rhodes!?” Tony screams as soon as he steps a foot into the door, using all the power of his lungs; His voice echoes against walls, vibrating into empty corridors, his own desperation resounding back to his ears in distressed waves and panic. “
to, and you kept refusing to listen!” Thor bellows, opening his arms in an exasperated shrug, like a kid who is annoyed that they’re not getting their point across.
Lastly, I would like to apologize to all left a comment on the previous chapter that I haven't replied to yet - Don't worry, I read them all and I'm very happy and grateful to each and every one of you, I promise! I love you guys. But it is finals week and as you can imagine, I am slowly dying. Please, send help. I'll get back to you as soon as I can, every single one of you, and until I do, I hope you can enjoy this chapter and some of my other fics, if you'd like.
“I think it might be worth taking a look.” Tony nods, injecting some confidence into his words. “I wouldn’t say this any other time, but this… This is different. We got too much at stake.”
The being mustn’t feel – or care – about Tony’s closed-off stance, or his face turned away, or the slouch in his posture, for it gets even closer and steps around him, so they can stand in his line of vision, even as they look over him towards the wreckage long meters ahead, to the remains of the ship of the alien who tried to kidnap Strange.
Tony flies overhead the crowd, shuddering more every single second he realizes he can’t find any of the others anywhere in the middle of the mob of hysteric people, and he’s filled with a horrible sense that something might happen while he’s not watching, that he won’t be able to help them, that they’ll get hurt and he won’t do enough, not fast enough—
and he wonders if it’s just him of if the others can hear it too. “I thought that was a problem between them.”
A hand in his arm brings him back to attention, but he doesn’t startle. The touch is gentle, warm against the cold skin of his forearm, his skin clammy with sweat from the chase he gave the leader of the gang they cornered not too long ago. It’s comforting. Grounding.
“You said Stark attacked you.” Sam reasons, gripping Steve’s shoulder tight, trying to be reassuring. “He attacked Barnes, right? You fought back, man, that’s not wrong.”
Every time one of them starts to let go of the rope. Every time one of them takes the first step back.
“They’re grown-ups, they can handle it.” Tony assures, in a tone that’s far too soft and gentle for the dismissiveness of his words. Seeing Bruce this uncomfortable, this ungrounded – it has always made something inside Tony go unexpectedly mellow, a twinge of sympathy that makes his insides feel like they’re liquid. It even makes the words sound more confident than Tony truly feels.
Tony hovers above the hole on top of the plane, for the briefest of seconds, and goes down painfully slow, aware of any wiring or stray piece of foam or any other flammable object he might touch, watching, terribly hypnotized, as the dark interior or the cabin starts to creep closer, and closer, until he’s surrounded by it.
with Ross’s disgusting schemes makes his stomach churn so badly he would have thrown up if he had anything at all in his stomach to expel.
And this one – this one, silent, secret mistake he can’t help but relive over and over again, every night, when he dares to sleep.
Tony gulps around nothing, digging his teeth into his bottom lip so strongly he nearly busts it open, before releasing it roughly and groaning:
All the memories Tony has of Rogers seem to be tainted, somehow. Tony doesn’t know what is real and what is a product of the mess between them that spilled like a cup of coffee shattering on the floor, black liquid spreading through the cracks to stain everything that touches, to drown even the sweetest of things in bitterness.
He curls his limp arm around her, managing to only brush his fingers on her bicep in his position, because he refuses to have her move her head in any way. He wonders, for a second, if from where she’s laying, she can hear his heart.
Their silence has weight and depth, like an entire conversation, suffocated by discomfort, waves of mixed feelings floating through the air. They stare and
that happened after Tony told him the Raft was not his fault, after the documents were revised and Barton
He tries not to feel awful about it, but he can’t. He can try to tell himself he’s respecting their wishes, but just like with May Parker, he knows it’s a lame excuse. It’s never going to be easy to be faced with the realization they’ve reached their limits on their capacity to help civilians, because the truth is – they are all living in borrowed time. The familiarity of the emergency, the recognizable visual of a crowd that he could so easily default into thinking “
Natasha’s eyes gleam with unshed tears. When she no longer can stand Steve’s silence, she mutters, “I need to go.”, and so she does, turning around and leaving in a haste, without looking back of one single second.
After some time, the exhaustion starts dragging them down – and they uncomfortably doze off occasionally, still half listening to the news, when Natasha finally decides she has had enough and turns it off, commanding them all to sleep.
. His life… His life being hell is nothing new. Pushing through when the world tells him no is what he
“They have to be protected.” Thor continues, trying to steel himself a little more by returning to a more analytical approach. “They were hidden, and they have to be contained, even when not in use. They are too powerful to even be free into the world. Even the Aether, that was not… a
“Get back to the Jet!” Cap’s voice yells through the comms, but Tony completely ignores him and zooms in on the crowd from above, finally able to see what’s happening right at the middle of it as the volume of people dwindles down as they escape running into the night, and he can see people fallen on the ground, struggling to get up, people trying to hide under cars, people freaking out – and a man standing in the middle of it all with a fucking
It’s purposefully away from the front and the big, wide glass panels that display the city below, so he won’t have to look, won’t have himself flooded with despair and helplessness, not before he can’t help it anymore, because he has no time to waste by
Deep in his heart, Steve feels a little knot of uneasiness unclench, relieved for Wakanda even though he has no reason to, glad that a man as just as T’Challa was the one responsible for its safety.
“But that’s a problem.” Lang points out. “He knows we’ll be coming. So there goes the element of surprise.”
There is no one who can confirm this, but it fits. The timeline fits. Rocket’s eyes go wide with shock, glistening with something that looks way too much like tears, and a deep, unsettling discomfort settles between them, uneasiness so thick it's almost solid, a foreign presence sneaking in to taunt them from the cracks between the silence.
Has it always been like this? Tony had made so many adjustments to it when Fury had asked for some help with the designs. Did he really make them so loud?
, the faint but so tempting possibilities of building a force large and powerful enough to actually pull this off, to manage to complete both missions without having to give any of them up.
Tony had to prepare, and all of a sudden, he had no team to guard his back. In some worse days, he almost believed he never actually did, and he was losing time every single day he spent without doing something about it. So he got to work. He made suits, he made plans. Jackhammers to compensate the lack of other heavy-hitters to help him, cameras to the back of his armor because no one would be watching his six,
He would have accused Tony of this too, once. Accused him of not trusting them. But then – Steve remembers
terribly, the pulsing of his own blood loud in his ears, rhythmic, throbbing and aching sensation behind his eyeballs, all the way up to his brain. “We can’t divide.”
“I never cared that he was the Winter Soldier. I know that’s not Bucky. The Bucky I know is not an assassin. He’s just a guy from Brooklyn, like me. A guy who had a tough life and no other choice.” He says. “When I realized he was alive, I knew I had to do everything I could to make up for my mistake. I had to save him. From whoever it was. I— I
Suddenly, Steve understands. Natasha doesn’t trust Bucky enough to be at ease, because the guarded part inside of her, the part that is more Black Widow than Natasha Romanov, tells her that it might be a
“Centuries ago.” Bruce exhales. “Way before the Tesseract was found. Or maybe they were found at the same time, but the Tesseract got hidden, and Agamotto just founded an entire secret society of monks around his.”
You might think, from the way I talk about her relationship with Tony as being one with unspoken issues, or from the way this is a SteveTony fic, despite the setting I proposed so far being totally capable of allowing Pepperony to grow closer instead of further apart, that I dislike Pepper. I don't, actually. Pepper is a great character, she has clear morals and objectives, and I respect her. I might not ship it madly, but that doesn't mean I don't understand it, or can't imagine why people do; After all, canonically, Tony does love her, and wobbly as it is, it is the first romantic pairing of the MCU.
“If Maximoff wasn’t the one showing me my future, whatever was speaking through her was.” Thor summarizes, efficiently and impatiently. “The Mind Stone must have been warning us about what was destined to come – but since it was just one, out of the six Infinity Stones, the information it gave me was incomplete.”
Tony sways unsteadily, exhausted and terrified, drained down to the very soul of himself, and he is about to let himself crumple and shatter, to let himself slip l to the floor again; This time, to not get up again—
, still, he thinks, and it seems wrong to let Rhodey convince the others Wanda may have been the cause of Ultron’s murderous tendencies. Tony hadn’t known where those tendencies had come either, but – had he never insisted in the program, Ultron could have been avoided completely. So it still is largely his fault. And this is all just theory, right? Maybe the Stones are just evil. Maybe Sokovia was a coincidence. Hell, maybe something in Ultron did remember about Wanda and Pietro, but who’s to say that just wasn’t him simply reaching out to known potential allies?
there is more to it. There would be no need to come in person to deliver this news. With Tony’s tech… With the
Steve averts his gaze to the floor, trying to be discrete with the way he shuts his eyes tight and groans, forcing the invasive thoughts away with such force he feels physical pain.
and it’s horrible and it hurts but it is the truth. “I never… I never thought it would get this far.”
“That’s not why we’re talking about it.” Natasha cocks her head, turning her gaze at him. “Vision is not supposed to be in contact with us. We don’t even know how he found us. And what does it mean, if he’s
It’s unfair to call Natasha that, he knows. But it’s also true. Steve, who has been explicitly against agendas and all they entail,
, when he should, Pepper is also doing her best to keep all loose knots reigned in, in her own way. In the way she wishes it was enough. Maybe it will be. Maybe they will have no choice. Maybe, in a few days, or few weeks, or hell, maybe tomorrow, they will learn there
“I’m trying not to think of brutal responses, but I’m running out of options.” Cap confesses, with a derisive little smile tugging ever so lightly at the corner of his mouth, no mirth at all in his eyes. “If gas and spray aren’t options, the next pick is tasers. I’d ask Thor to do it, but he’s the God of Thunder, and I actually fear he might kill someone in that crowd.”
“Basically the same report, over and over again.” Rhodey replies frustratedly, his gaze sweeping swiftly through the people gathered before them, in a pondering manner. “They said they saw a lot of accidents, almost all of them. Some people found civilians and instructed them to stay together and indoors. A few of them—”
And it killed him every single day, to be perfectly honest. But he won’t say that. And he won’t say how terrible it makes him feel, how weak and small, like the world is pushing him down again.
There is a long silence between them. Shuri watches without a word as Steve very visibly relaxes his shoulders, forcing himself to lose his defensive stance, purposefully giving him a few moments to calm down. When he does, she nods, as if they reached some sort of agreement Steve wasn’t even aware they were looking for, but he guesses that’s fine. He can compromise. For Bucky. Shuri is the one treating him so he might as well do as she says, just for now.
He… should. He should. Talk about it. It’s like Bruce said – he deserves to know, no matter how much Tony hates it. Bruce has already seen Tony do so many shameful things, Ultron the worst of it up to date, and it
Portals and all that crap! Damn it! Wasn’t once enough? Once was enough. Tony doesn’t appreciate this total disregard for the rules of physics and normal, scientific understanding of reality,
But then Steve puts it in a frame in his office, and Tony forgets all about the mishap, and just smiles.
So, to everyone who is new to this ride, welcome, and to those of you who came straight from Part 1, welcome back. We're starting off slow, but don't get too comfortable - I promised you an emotional rollercoaster, and I always keep my promises. I'm glad to have you all here, and I hope you enjoy it.
“He was, until we left. He… He made me this.” Thor swings the axe around, throwing it quickly in the air before catching it again, as if he’s still getting acquainted with the weight of it. “He said he’d rather stay at the forge and wait for our return. But with Thanos’ decimation, I don’t know if he survived. Or even if he could forge another Gauntlet. Thanos took his hands away.”
Tony looks at him, surprised, and his interior feels too soft, too squishy and too mushy, so he pushes all thought aside in favor of showering his bots with attention, all he can spare, because it’ll keep the ugly thought from coming too close when he is too raw. Just for a little longer. He wants to be this, unguarded and open, grateful, even though he doesn’t know what he did to deserve this, just a little longer.
Fuck, he’ll have to apologize to Clint later. He acted like an asshole, left him there with the others and shut him off, when all Clint was doing was finally,
It’s hard, to run away from prying eyes. Especially when those eyes aren’t watching him from outside, but from inside, and they come together with a voice – a voice that is too familiar, too cruel, and too loud for him to ignore.
friend, for a really long time. And when he got turned into a little twig, I had to take care of ‘im.”
“How is that being okay?!” Both Tony and Rhodey ask, but Tony yells, while Rhodey sounds exasperated, but composed enough that his focus is not slipping through the cracks in his voice.
Tony presses his lips together in a tight line, both angry and ashamed of his anger, and he looks to the side stubbornly , trying to avoid saying something he’ll for sure regret.
“I’ll fly it back.” Barton offers, with surprising determination, turning to hand the books over to Natasha so he can make himself available.
“No, no, don’t shoot!” He puts his hands in front of the gauntlet, knowing the armor won’t shoot with obstructed sight. “She’s friendly!”
Wong turns around again, startling Tony out of his stupor, and he begins walking back to the shelves, disappearing between them while chains rattle and release quickly as he grabs other books and piles them on his arm, efficient and familiar, until he has a small pile nested at the crook of his elbow to bring forward and settle on top of the table closest to them, with a loud band and a puff of dust flying off the pages as they are moved in who knows how long from their display.
“We have to leave.” The being says, quiet and firm, a tone that is not unkind, but is also not gentle. A sound of reluctance. A sound of bitter defeat. “We can’t stay here.”
allow himself to be so reckless and so careless again. He will not allow his ego to put an obstacle in his way of fixing the mess he made, he will not take this sad excuse of a friendship he believed he had with Tony as the limit of what they could have.
, he had let Tony make that final call about their plan – no, actually, they were all waiting for his input on it, because they knew that if someone was going to convince Bruce to be on board with going to the rescue missions first, it would be Tony, so—
“It’s disappointing, Rogers, I have to admit.” Natasha throws her hair off her face with a quick gesture of her neck, trying to hide her face from Steve by looking forward again, but Steve can still hear the almost inaudible sniffle she makes anyway. “I don’t like being wrong.”
“And he will just let us in the most secure place on Earth, just like that?” Natasha replies, arching her perfectly sculpted brows. “Why did he call?”
Barton doesn’t say a word. He just fumes and breathes, locked in Natasha’s and Rogers’ restraints, grunts and moans escaping his throat as if he’s trying with all his might to blast through their hold and reach Tony, even though his struggle in their arms is much less violent than it should be, much less vicious than his eyes and the force in his locked jaw and gritted teeth.
“A couple months ago. Maybe six or seven.” Clint confesses, in a reassuring tone, giving Wanda a placating look. When he does, Steve suddenly asks himself if Wanda is worried that Clint has asked for the Accords because of
She nods, jerkily, and it’s so silent and so unlike her that he realizes, with a startling, agonizing clarity, that she’s crying too. He feels a wet spot on his chest where one tear doesn’t manage to go unnoticed, and after that one, more follow so quickly it’s useless work to pretend she isn’t as broken as he is right now.
“I was so worried about you.” Pepper admits, in a whisper as soft as his own. Her eyes open, but she stares the doors with her gaze vacant, taking in breaths that are far too calculated to be natural. “I thought you were dead, Tony.”
in the moment, she showed me the moment the war ended. I was already in the ice by then. But I recognized the place, the clothes. The… people. It was all from my past. It was just a… dream.”
He’ll only realize this later; Much, much later, because when it happens, he’s too out of it to notice. He’s still in Pepper’s arms, as if no more than mere seconds have passed, but suddenly, a voice comes from above, urgent and loud, and it snaps Tony’s eyes wide open like waking him brutally from a deep slumber, and he jolts so bad his ass completely leaves the cushion, and in consequence, he nearly knocks Pepper over in his haste.
“So you’re telling me we have no way out?” Tony interrupts, hysterically. “That we all should accept we’re going to go extinct in a few weeks and I should just sit by and
She went through three different plans to make sure they wouldn’t pick one that would kill him when they tried to leave Titan. She gave him food. She gave him a way to keep himself warm. And she – she brought him to a hospital, even though she didn’t have to, so she could keep Tony
They sweat and shiver, a paradox of reaction between the flaming impulse of their predicament and the total and utter lack of preparation for the weather, the glacial bite of the lightless night catching them all off guard, their clothes all too summery and light for what Tony suspects is a below-40-degrees temperature outside.
, with Natasha right behind him like a guardian angel, and Wilson and Maximoff trailing behind supporting an injured Vision between them.
That might work. Maybe the way is not brute force – but a trap, a sleight of hand of sorts. Maybe that’s what they need. They can’t win if they go toe-to-toe with the guy, Tony knows that much; especially because they don’t have the power to match him. No one does. It’s just reckless to assume otherwise. So they have to be smarter, get him in his own game, before he even realizes there’s something going on.
.” Tony stresses, including Natasha into his defense without a second thought, despite her very obvious betrayal of his trust to help Rogers and Barnes escape for Siberia by attacking T’Challa.
He makes a pause, to make sure he can continue speaking and Sam is still listening. He is. He is listening quietly, as he promised he would, and even if it’s fickle, Steve feels a rush of gratitude for Sam, for his no-nonsense and incredibly loyal character, even though Steve realizes he isn’t as deserving of it as he once thought he would be.
It has happened, over and over, so many times before. Tony can practically write a manual on it now.
“I thought—" He tries, but then stops. He doesn’t know – He doesn’t know what he thought. He thought they could just… That it would be easier. It seemed like it would be. It always did, when there was no immediate threat. Peace always made it look like their concerns were too much, almost baseless. It’s hard, to remember the bad side of things when you have a long, extended period of happiness. He guesses – He guesses they forgot. That they hoped for too much.
, but there’s no place safer than here. Not for us. I know you guys are superheroes or whatever, but I don’t
It’s not all how she dreamed it would be. There are sleepless nights, and crying fits and frustration, but she’s never any less proud of her baby because of it. Howard has his job, and his technology, and his business partners and
have a sense of humor, and it’s a lot drier and cutting than the perfect persona would make you assume, but even past that, he is very reserved, almost to the point of being strange, sometimes.
Thor makes a disgusted face, like the very notion of it is inconceivable to him, and he looks angry at the idea that someone would be chasing Bruce to get to the Hulk.
“Clearly not, because Tony signed and he is out there, fighting as an Avenger, and we’re the ones hiding like criminals.”
(Left alone, it should hold for hours before the titanium levels started to verge on dangerous, poisoning his blood and slowly killing him.)
Bucky seems to really enjoy Wakanda. Usually when Steve calls, Bucky is the one doing most of the talking now. Funny thing, that this would be the case. As the days go by, as Steve’s life starts looking bleaker and greyer, Bucky’s life seems to be slowly regaining its spark, its color and its hope, and he is dazzled by all the incredible things princess Shuri shows him every day. He was always the one fascinated by the promises of the future, after all, not Steve. He had been the one to suggest they’d go to Stark Expo back in—
move slowly because his wound is starting to throb from all the careless movements he’s been making when he still should be in bed rest.
FRIDAY makes the briefest of pauses. “He stopped halfway through reading to leave, Boss. He seemed agitated.”
This whole 'they're together, and now they're not' and the 'she's cool with iron man, and now she's not' mess? This thing that's never properly explained, and it seems to be the main issue that divides people's opinions of Pepper? That's where the secret lies. Even if I can imagine what happened in all those in-betweens we never saw, the barely-there suggestion of the issues between Tony and Pepper in the movies is never openly addressed (properly), and for this mess to be solved, guessing won't be enough. We need something more substantial. Something that will amount to a significant character trait, and, more importantly, something that ties in with canon nicely. Nevermind that this is a SteveTony fic. Understanding Pepper is essential to understanding Tony - to know what he needs, we need to know why he needs Pepper, and every other person he seems to be inevitably drawn towards over and over again.
Wong looks between them with dark, mysterious eyes, his face pinched in what almost looks like displeasure, long, deep worrying lines on his forehead, a slight scrunch of his lips, and Tony is very close to opening his mouth and lashing out something less than amicable at him; He’s stressed, he’s anxious, and Wong’s attitude, while understandable in a more sensible situation, is pressing Tony’s buttons in the wrong way, and he has no
“Of course.” Wanda agrees, her voice small and confused, but she gives Vision’s hand another squeeze and says, in a very soft tone “
The last time Rhodey ran towards him like that, Tony had been on his knees in the sand, chest open and body exhausted and dehydrated, a hand raised into the air, and a laugh escaping his lips like pieces of glass stuck in his teeth, cracked and broken and bleeding and sharp.
“My ex-wife. And her husband.” Lang gestures with his head, a tilted nod to accompany the pointed tone with which he explains. “She’s okay, but she said… She said he never came home from work. We don’t know what happened.”
“First I heard of it was in 2013, when Jane slipped through one of the portals of the Convergence.” Thor says nonchalantly, as if he’s not saying a bunch of things that make absolutely no sense.
Steve can’t be so heartless as to fault the civilians for wanting justice for their lost loved ones. The angry, bitter part of him wants him to, but he won’t. He won’t be such a hypocrite. People are mourning, they are confused and they are angry and… and Steve
“I’m fine. And I was fine yesterday, and I was fine last week.” Bucky replies with a mocking tilt to his tone. “There isn’t much going on around these parts, ya know? Just a bunch of goats running around and stuff like that, otherwise is pretty quiet.”
“There’s a lot of people.” Pepper informs. “A lot of them injured. Some are gathering in public places, but I have no idea how many people are scattered across the city, maybe even trapped by the rubble from the accidents.”
Natasha makes a pause, considering her answer, before turning to him in an elegant gesture and looking straight into his eyes. “Because you needed my help, Cap. You and Tony? You two don’t
and hopefully, I will soon be able to say the same milestone has been achieved for this Part as well! Thank you, from the
“It’s cute how you think you aren’t.” Natasha jabs at him, tilting her head mockingly. “But can we please drop the act just for now?”
“There was an attack in Argentina today.” It’s what she says, curt and professional, as if she’s giving him a report. She stares at him right in the eye, wearing her cold expression like an armor, daring him to say something. Daring him to protest. Daring him to
The relationship Tony has with other characters in the MCU is fundamentally different than that of the comics. Of course, the comics have had more than enough time to construct long-lasting friendships and romantic relationships for the characters over the years (even if they occasionally take one step forward, two steps backward, depending on what run you're reading), but my point is that if I want to describe the relationship between Tony and any other character in the comics, nearly every single time I will be able to come up with more material, from all kind of sources, than I would be able to do with the MCU. And that's a little difficult, because when the subject is Tony, a lot of things you learn about him don't come from the actions he takes for the sake of his own benefit or motivation, but the things he does for others and their comfort or safety. If MCU Steve is a creature that needs isolation and stagnation to feel pressured, Tony works in the exact opposite way - because while Steve will hold himself steady and not move, Tony will bend until he snaps his spine if that means someone he cares about won't get hurt.
The pounding in his head is getting louder and louder, his eyes are hurting so bad, he’s still aching all over, he’s hungry, he’s
The others groan loudly and make several gagging noises, amused, but Tony’s ears are ringing with shock, his stomach dropping so suddenly he almost feels like his entire body is about to collapse with how strongly his knees jerk mid-stride.
to know, but he won’t tell him either; because it’s Steve’s responsibility to figure it out, to be aware of his teammates struggles, to help them beyond his own conflicted feelings on the matter.
“So it’s my fault?” Steve croaks, with half smile on his face. It is not amused, or sarcastic, or sad. It doesn’t feel like anything at all.
He spends almost every day in his workshop. He’s always isolated. The only company he has are JARVIS and his bots.
But most of all, his brain had to change. His attitude, his quote-unquote: “work ethic” had to change, his lawyers liked to say. The unfortunate necessity to become the face-front of the Accords, the leading example to guide the public opinion on superheroes and enhanced people in the right direction – Tony, who had never been a good example for anything or anyone in his life, he had to
Once they’ve passed the barrier that hides Wakanda from the world, finding the King’s palace is not difficult. Even though the entire nation is opulent and mesmerizing, the palace -
Antonio’s cheeks burn with heat, and he opens his knees and spreads his legs, sliding his feet apart and taking shameful enjoyment in the feel of the furs between his toes, the warmth in his body, and the sheer
“Tony.” Natasha calls, her tone carefully blank, no judgement, but no understanding. “Did you guys talk about this?”
Wanda is watching him carefully, bracing herself for a fight if so much of a hint of a lie passes through Steve’s lips, as if she
Bruce looks at Tony like he’s frustrated, like he’s pitying him, and like he’s worried, all at once, all of it woven in the lines on his forehead and the slight downward tilt of the corner of his lips, but ultimately, he exhales and averts his gaze, shifting into a problem-solving mindset easily, the easing into the science all too easy from years of habit ingrained into his soul.
To make her say the words out loud. It’s not fair that Nebula, that Tony knows for a fact takes no bullshit from anyone or anything, that snaps and snarls when she feels like the slightest inconvenience is getting too close, its not
, coming from outside the small window in Steve’s tiny, modest kitchen – act as the soundtrack for the world’s most suffocating breakfast ever.
“It’s good to see you, Stark.” Thor says, the amicable tone he always carries with him damp and dragged by a heavy rasp, like he has been swallowing rocks and shards of glass in his spare time.
“What is it?” Steve frowns when they break apart from a kiss, confused as to why Tony is not following him eagerly into the elevator.
Thor looks in pain. Whatever has happened in his absence, whatever Thor has gone through during the years he’d been away looking for the Stones – this man before Tony is not the same man that left the Compound years ago. It’s not the haircut, it’s not the weapon. It’s the
“We have to find the survivors and take them somewhere safe.” Pepper says, hugging Tony closer, but calling all the attention in the room to herself. “The first thing is to bring people to a secure location and keep them together. We need to know where people are, and where other people can go if they can reach help. Checkpoints.”
As he rocks himself side to side, tears burning in his eyes behind his lids, sobbing into his palm, he waits for the moment where the pain that bursts from his left arm to spread into his chest, expanding like an explosion, taking up his torso and limbs in a red-hot flare of pain, to then succumb to numbness.
Now, as it is with many other things, the world kept spinning and— completely caught him off guard once again. Now, he knows Bucky is still alive. Now, he has already carved into his system that he can’t look back, because his type of life doesn’t allow for that kind of weakness, that kind of regret, and it’s too hard for him to lose that habit. Now, it’s not merely a coincidence; It’s the actions and the choices of other people that are moving the story along, moving them away from that point in time where everything changed, and the farther away they get from that point, the stranger it seems, the deeper it cuts, the more hopeless it feels.
in his throat, as if he’s holding back all sorts of other words, and Tony can’t fucking do anything but stare back, because he doesn’t trust himself to do anything but react to whatever Rogers will say.
Rogers isn’t wrong, and he knows that. Tony can feel the way his limbs are shaking from the strain and the pain behind his eyes is reaching a point where it’s becoming nearly unbearable, but is he
“A guy named Thanos.” Tony says, darkly. “He had a gauntlet, something I had never seen before. It held these – These
Tony, and despite it all, reclaim their places in their home and in Tony’s life against all bitterness and past bruises, past all the grief they’ve given each other when they should have known better.
“I want to spend some time with him.” Wanda explains. “I... I want to know he is there. After so many months only feeling him in my head, having him right there is—” She shakes her head minutely, her eyes closing for a second, as if she’s trying to disperse a bad thought. “I want him to stay a little longer.”
, a high-pitched, monotone screech, like a flatlining heart monitor, and he stares at nothing with his eyes hazy, wide and shocked, and his heart beating a tattoo against his Reactor, hot against cold, absolute dread pouring in him like a flood.
other people, because Steve knows he’s strong, but the Academy definitely has people who are much stronger than he is; But point is, Tony Stark was not a person Steve was expecting to be able to deal such a strong blow, not when he’s out of his armor.
And she waits for him. The elevator doors stay open, for far longer than they should, a silent challenge in and of itself.
, the thought. Tony can only imagine how surreal it must have been for whoever operated him, to have a blue android looming over them, snarling and threatening, with a posture that promised terrible things to come if any of them so much as
<search database= “Howard Stark” / analog= “father” ref= “Maria Stark.speech” / analog= “Sir” ref= “Jarvis.speech” / designation= “creator” / SPEECH PATTERN NOT RECOGNIZED>
“Yes, you mentioned something about being send ‘higher up the ladder.’ May I ask how high? I’d like to know what kind of resources I can expect from an agent who is willing to work a secret operation inside a secret operation.”
kill because we were reckless? What’re gonna do when we go somewhere and the people chase us out with pitchforks?”
Even if that excuse is fueled by hate and rage and sorrow, and it makes him want to hurt himself a little more.
“This is the current mass of pollutants in the atmosphere, which has increased by over 400% in the last two days, by a sudden explosion of toxic fumes all over the world. Partially due to the accidents in factories, research centers, hospitals, and many other facilities, but also the increase of—"
They would insult and hurt each other and then get distracted with the next shiny, explosive thing; They would face aliens and terrorists and Nazis and monsters, but they wouldn’t face each other.
He forces himself to loosen them up a little bit. And when he does, he realizes he has to do almost double the effort to loosen up his shoulders.
“Glad to know you’re so happy that I survived.” Tony sarcastically says, hoping the banter will bring back some sense of relief and recognition to this far-too-emotionally-exhausting day, glad to ignore Rogers for a little while longer if that means he can breathe normally.
He doesn’t know how yet, but it will. He has to work on that, fast. Review footage from the armor, see what was effective or not, make it stronger. He’s not looking forward to it. He knows what he’ll see in that footage. He knows he’ll see—
The man stares at him with his laser sharp eyes, clearly unbelieving, but he doesn’t contradict Jarvis in any way. He is too playing for the long haul, after all.
“It’s not me you should ask that question to, Captain.” The king arches his brows, amused. “If it makes you feel conflicted, you should do with your other teammates what you did with Agent Romanov. You should
“What about the Mind Stone? That doesn’t sound good either.” Rocket asks, frowning at the board. “You guys have anythin’ on that one?”
“I will be supervising contact between you and the Compound.” Pepper tells Carter, taking Tony completely by surprise. “I’ll do my best to make sure the R&D will have what they need to work with around here, we could use the engineers, but I’ll keep my eyes open for you too, in case you need help out there. That includes emergencies, if you need evacuation or an extra hand. Just let me know, and I’ll provide help as soon as possible.”
It’s not a waste of time, talking about these things. It’s not. Not just because it is true that they need to know if Bruce has been having some sort of problem with the Hulk – but they’re also about to throw themselves back into a fight, the fight of their lives, after almost three years without seeing each other. They don’t have time to train. They’re gonna have to wing it. And they… They have been separated for years. Tony hasn’t seen them in three years, even longer than Rogers and the others. And the circumstances definitely weren’t the same. Tony has missed Thor and Bruce—
Tony feels the weird sensation of a cold wind lick its way up his spine, like a bad shiver or a nasty feeling of being watched, and the hairs on his forearms stand on end suddenly, prickly hives stinging all over his skin; Making him contort on himself for no reason, just feeling
He’s wearing something dark, that looks like a uniform. Jarvis recognizes the SHIELD insignia in his breast pocket.
, being just one step further into finding the solution to the problem, to Thanos’ death trap – he gives himself no time to stop, immediately jumping back to the other issue. “Coordinates?”
“I don’t know.” Steve admits, solemnly. “But it doesn’t matter. C’mon. We have to find Vision. Bruce said whatever it is, it’s looking for the stone.”
“You are the most important piece, Captain. With you on his side, fixing everything else would’ve been easier.”
Steve wonders if this is what friendship with T’Challa is like. Cutting but enlightening, demanding but kind.
“We’ll try to get the Stones back from him. We’re gonna snap our fingers, and we’ll bring everyone back.”
The sight of a crowd makes a rush of adrenaline pump into his veins, a brief moment of confusion quickly drowned beneath a dangerous sense of
“Where we would go, when we would go.” Tony explains, as plainly as he can. “Rogers fears they would have stopped us from getting to an emergency because of faulty judgment, thinking the local law enforcement could handle the danger when they couldn’t.”
against his will. Isn’t that proof enough? Maybe. Maybe she has the right to fear that. She does. Tony doesn’t know it himself either. But that’s not it. In all truth, deep down, Tony knows that’s not it.
“And then later, I could have your number?” Steve asks, bold, and the shock of it is softened by the sweet smell of pancakes, the richness of the coffee Steve pours into the little cat mug, the sound of rain falling outside, the almost painfully domestic atmosphere of this cute kitchen in a lazy Saturday morning.
Tony’s eyes widen, a terrible, heartbreaking recognition dawning on him, brutal in its wake, and he can only lay there, frozen, as the machine makes one tiny sound to indicate it has completed its job and Bruce occupies himself by pulling it away, getting his hands busy to distract himself, not noticing that Tony
Rogers shifts beside him, like he’s uneasy, and Tony’s eyes get drawn to him on instinct, attracted by the movement, and Rogers takes the cue to stare at him again, face smoothing out into a sympathetic expression. “Call Pepper. Get a few hours in. We’ll meet down here tomorrow and pick up from where we stopped, alright?”
Apparently, Cap is gonna be the leader of this little superhero gig they’ve got going on, which means he has to look good. Not that he doesn’t already, if Tony really has to admit, but the suit is… a bit of an eyesore. He doesn’t want to be mean about it, especially not when he realizes
Nebula looks at him for a second, eyes just as mysterious and unknown as the stretch of darkness above them, around them, this endless, bottomless universe, that Tony has dreamt for
“Do you all choose those names or is it just a coincidence?” Rocket asks, but he’s dutifully ignored.
And in case anyone is wondering: what about Siberia? What about Bucky? Not going into that particular subject now, friends. Despite the reaction the mere mention of the Accords might inspire in you, looking closely, you will notice that there's actually not that many moments where the Accords conflict and the Bucky conflict truly overlap. I'm going to show you how. But don't worry. It'll come. We just have to make a quick visit to this particularly touchy topic before then. Before, you know, going into the subject that will for sure destroy us all.
there’s a lot of shit he could improve in matters of team-dynamics. Steve had been their leader. Tony
“He’ll be fine.” Steve says, because he wants to believe it. Because he can’t think about this right now. Not while they’re here. “Tony is strong. He’ll hold himself steady.”
Tony has survived against worse odds before. They have survived the Chitauri, they survived Ultron, they survived
“I’m afraid you have no wallet now, Dr. Banner.” Steve jokes, smiling wide, ears still pink, still embarrassed, but a
“A bit too late for that.” Clint chuckles darkly, mockery tainting his tone. “This kind of life? You don’t stop once you start. It
a punch to the face, whether it’s a good idea or not, because sometimes the people doing the punching are HYDRA or AIM so a fight is expected. And he heals fast. He is no stranger to a surprise attack every once in a while.
He feels something like a rock settling deep in his stomach, an unexpected and almost painful weight in his guts, making him feel so very, very
you don’t want me to tweak it a little bit? Add some cool weapons to it? Paint it another color, at least, because that red and blue is just offensive.”
When Hulk had laid Tony on the ground before them, his body still and his Arc Reactor dark, Steve had felt
“Boss.” FRIDAY says, careful, so full of sorrow, so human. “I have attempted contact with 13-K four times since Thanos’ attack, twice after your disappearance, and twice after your return. There was no response.”
“It is a group effort.” Vision says as an explanation, and the words sound like something he heard someone else say and he’s just repeating them, per request. “We unfortunately are lacking evidence to have the Secretary removed from his position at the moment, but with the lack of previous involvement with the Avengers and the combined defense with the Stark Industries legal team, Mr. Lang’s case is quite out of reach for Secretary Ross.”
“Can you help me get out of here?” Tony urgently asks, eyes wide and breath heaving, probably looking like a madman to Nebula.
“FRI, can you get into Cap’s and the others’ comms?” Tony asks, struggling to multitask as he flies through the runaway swarm of people.
Was it… Was it Ultron? Was it the fall of SHIELD? What exactly had made Steve close himself off so tightly that the next time him and Tony clashed, he hadn’t felt exhilaration, but
“I don’t know what you were trying to do with it, but I trust you.” Sam continues, as if he hadn’t seen the way Steve tensed at his admission about the burner phone. “I know you are only trying to make things right. If not now, maybe someday. That’s all you ever try to do. But you know…
You are all about to witness in detail one of my favorite parts of writing stories like this, from just one character's POV, unreliable narrator-style: interpretation of intention. To those of you who have read Part I, who have seen the long, agonizing journey I had Steve and his team go through, and all the emotional revelations that came with it - to you, the return of the Rogue Avengers is going to be... an interesting addition. Especially through Tony's eyes. I wonder if I made Steve go deep enough under your skin so you'd be able to recognize what is truly happening in this chapter, past Tony's personal vision of them. I sure am excited to try! What fun would it be if I didn't add another layer of difficulty in this already messed up situation? No fun at all.
And some shit has gone down. It very obviously has. Not only because the world is ending, or because the stones are gone – but Thor has
mouth to learn his taste, he wants to know how it’ll sound in his voice, with his accent, if it’ll be as endearing to his husband as his low sighs are to his own ears. Antonio wishes for more warmth too, more skin – and this wish he can be granted, and so, he pulls on his husband’s robes, his too tough leather and metals, demanding to touch what’s beneath.
“Oh my God.” Pepper gasps, putting a hand on her mouth, her face going impossibly paler. “Tony, you can’t be— Oh
“Sam and Nat are here.” Steve automatically responds, his eyes still glued to the television. “Wanda and Vision are close.”
And consequences often come with hard choices to be made. The worst and the best dilemmas rely on choices. The crux of every superhero story is always the same: do you sacrifice yourself to save others, or no? Do you move, or do you stay still and watch it happen? Mind you, I'm not complaining about this - in fact, this is how hero stories start. By choosing to move, when all others freeze. But when you're already a hero, it's not really a matter of if, is it? It's not if you save the world. You're going to. The problem is... how?
is happening out there, that they’re flying blind, completely, and their time is short. Even if Bruce’s voice is hesitant and shaky – even if Tony can hear him pacing, it’s like hearing it from across a thick wall, a sound that comes out muffled and distant, because everything goes out of focus when his attention turns razor-sharp towards the doors, to the low, quiet, but never silent burning freeze of panic simmering beneath his skin, crawling inside him like it’s alive. He feels like a child. Like he’s five, and he’s hopeless to do anything while everyone else walks out the door and he has no guarantee they’ll come back. Like he lacks the words, or the
– calls loudly from the open ramp, from the darkness inside the jet, and Tony watches, transfixed, with his heart stuck in his throat, as the doors open wider and wider, until the weak daylight seeps enough into the inside of the jet that he can see a figure standing there, shoulders wide and tense,
– will forever stand out. Steve guides Sam there easily, and in no time at all the Quinjet is being lowered on the landing platform, with absolutely no interference, as the king had promised them it would.
But it’s also not an accusation; and it’s also not relief. It’s something else. Something he can’t name. He can’t think through the haze of white noise that floods his ears, blocking all rational thought, too busy to think about anything other than
“He takes the Tesseract, and the scepter, and he builds a portal. He brings the Chitauri with it.” Barton recalls.
So, she sings. As she rocks side to side, her feet light but her heart heavy, she closes her eyes and pretends the sharp corners digging into the skin of her forearms are tiny nails of an anxious hand, begging to be put down, and not the indifferent plastic and wire she’s been left with. She pretends she feels warmth. She pretends she could bend down and kiss a soft cheek, but she never does, because she knows she won’t find it there.
He isn’t really expecting it, but he is so exhausted he can’t even flinch when the Guardian steps forward and holds him by the elbow, surprisingly strong by a grip so unsteady, and helps him find his balance so he can stand. But Tony’s body—
“I’ll call.” Pepper smiles, just a little fake, but that is more than enough for Tony’s chest to feel like it’s caving in on itself, like shrapnel forcing its way into his sternum all over again.
“Something about those Particles doesn’t sound right.” Bruce muses out loud, with a confused expression on his face. “Hank Pym has to be hiding something.”
“Yeah, it’s fine.” Natasha affirms flippantly, and Steve thinks he’s the only one who can hear how curt her words actually are. Sam doesn’t seem to notice. “But we should get moving soon. Maybe go to the next city.”
“I want to save them.” Tony says, and it aches like he’s scraping the barrel depths of himself, leaving no place unreached, and even with words so simple, it comes off his mouth like a cry of war. “I just have to figure out
The armor is no longer on the landing pad so when the Quinjet finally reaches the building and hovers above the platform, it drifts lower and lower smoothly, not a single waver in its balance or trajectory, so elegant it’s nearly a mockery – but the swirl of the wind and the dust are hitting his skin like lashes of a whip, violent and cold, blowing the dirt directly into his dry, tired eyes. Tony squints miserably and turns his head, hissing, even if his eyes keep trying to snap back, keep trying to follow the movement until the Quinjet has landed, until he
“My point.” Cint retorts. “But it’s different anyway. You didn’t live with your sister. You lived at the Compound. All three of you. Now you’re homeless, you’re fugitives, and have no backup. I still have a private property I can return to, if it was necessary. You guys don’t.”
“I – I don’t know if we can call them hosts.” Bruce admits. “Strucker was the one using it – We don’t know if the Stones make any differentiation between host and owner, or host or carrier, or any distinction at all. Maybe it’s like locality influence. They affect – and are affected – but anything that comes too close. And that’s why they need to be kept in lock.”
It’s always about ensuring the future. Ensuring people will be safe. To make up for his mistakes, to prove, to himself and to others, that Tony Stark can be
“You never fooled me, Tony. You were a very good actor – you could fool a lot of people. But never me.” Pepper says; And isn’t that true? Isn’t that the biggest truth of all? “You never were the soulless businessman people wanted you to be.”
So I guess this is it! Very soon, we will be arriving in the year 2008 - and with it, Iron Man 1. Yes, it will still happen. How? I don't know yet. Guess we will both find out very soon.
“And if you love me, for who I am—” Pepper gulps, her words trembling a little at the end, but she pushes forward, and says, “You have to know that I’m doing this
I hope you all have been well, in light of what's been happening during this past month. I've been in quarantine for a few weeks now, and it's been stressful and hectic - but I am okay, thankfully, and I hope you all are too, and please, be safe. Take care of yourselves both physically and mentally, keep in touch with family, friends, and loved ones through whatever means feel more comfortable to you, and remember - we are practicing social distancing as a safety measure, but we are not alone.
, and there’s not a single trace of him. Maria notices his absence at four in the morning, when she wakes up suddenly with a heavy feeling on her stomach, but even then, his bed is already cold and empty and there’s nothing they can do.
“Even in Titan, you had a team. It was not your team, but it was there, and they helped you. As much as they could.” Nebula interrupts, having
Steve huffs out a laugh, but it’s true. He does ignore stealth for the sake of quick action more often than not. But then, although Steve has never been one to prefer stealth, he’s not completely useless at it. If he was, he wouldn’t have gotten inside the Raft without Natasha. He probably wouldn’t even made it back to the United States.
, there’s more and more of them, they must have found something to climb up from, and this is not gonna work for too long.
“I’m not sure how much of that is just the Stones protecting themselves.” Bruce thinks out loud. “Because the Time Stone didn’t seem to be hurting Strange either, but again, he wasn’t
Steve pauses, and he looks at Tony with such an intense gaze Tony can’t look away. “And she misses you. We still talk about you sometimes.”
What does he do? What does he do while he sits here, in his cold, wide, abandoned home, filled with dust and void of any comfort, while the people he needs close come to him? What does he do?
They don’t really need his orders, do they? They know what to do. They’ll do it, even if Steve wasn’t with them. That, honestly, is the biggest comfort Steve could ask for; Because right now, he doesn’t want to be fighting with
so much – he has no idea what Rogers has said, how could he have possibly explained this decimation in just a quick video sent out for whatever survivors might be listening. He knows Rogers must have mentioned Thanos, because Lang said so, but how can people understand that, being blinded by grief and fear, after two days of hiding around in rubble and death-filled streets, trembling in fear that another purge might come at any second and no one had any way of knowing that it wouldn’t?
“It wasn’t Bucky’s fault.” Steve impulsively says, because he just can’t not do it. How many times is he going to have to say this? How many times until everyone gets it? It wasn’t Bucky’s fault. Why—Why don’t people see it as clearly as he does?
There’s nothing wrong with the filtration system, no. At least, not as far as Tony is aware. He thinks, distantly, that this might actually not be the case anymore, or at least soon; Considering the state of the air quality with all the tons of ashes circling in the atmosphere day and night—
the Stones from him.” Natasha reminds them. “Which means creating something strong enough to hold him while we get them.”
“Nat.” Steve calls through gritted teeth, striding in wide steps until he’s right behind her, his breaths no more than short huffs as if he’d just run a marathon. “We need to talk.”
“I thought I trusted him.” Steve confesses, and although he tries to explain, the words get stuck and refuse to be spoken, too big, too heavy to pass through his lips, to leave the encasing safety of Steve’s chest.
He turns off the computer in a hurry, rearranging all items on the desk as they were before. Maria won’t even know he was in here. He’ll have to come back later, when she’s asleep, to he can look at the new files and folders more carefully, and maybe he can reverse-engineer them to figure out where they’re coming from.
Cap, doesn’t mean we acted freely. The world is always watching. That’s the most dangerous place to be, and we’re always right in the middle of it.”
