The Captain did feel like an idiot; he was shouting and insulting Tony and right now he was promising him that he was going to help him until the end of the line. It was the right thing to do, right? Maybe Tony would forgive him if he swallowed down his pride and put everything at side to save everyone. This was about every Tony’s life out there, and he couldn't help but think that different version of his own self were out there, mourning the loss of Tony, looking for him.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “I’ll be on my way.”, he replied, hanging up on him. Of course he couldn't trust the Illuminati, but Reed’s words sure worried him. The fact that he called him before anyone else also raised an alarm; it really was an important matter that he needed to deal with.
“No, you’re staying here and we will talk about your nightmares. Steve, they’re getting worse, you have to let me-”
“Why wait? I’ve seen a projector in the living room, I can set it up for us..”, Tony said as he got the film reel in his hands and stormed out, pulling the dusty furniture at side, the old projector in the corner of the room on full display now.
Tony’s eyes widened as the man before them started shaking violently, his skin started to turn grey, his whole body growing, but the muscles weren’t popping out consistently, it seemed that Stane’s body was trying to accommodate the serum and failing.
“Acquaintances, slip of the tongue,” Tony fixed his words quickly, shaking his head and mentally slapping himself for jumping in conclusions.
“My mother gave me the water. I was unaware of its capabilities,” he said with a hint of remorse. “I can die, just not of old age.”  But his eyes went to Tony’s medallion. “What is that?” he asked, never having come across such a thing before.
Though he honestly had no idea what he would teach Tony, he knew that even if the man kept his mouth shut, he’d always compare their cities and see Steve's as inferior. Initially, Steve had approached with hopes that the Spartan would see them as equals, but he had been quickly shut down and put in his place, and now was not ready to suffer the heartache again. He truly had nothing else to give - nothing that Sparta wasn’t ‘better at’.
Tony rushed to the direction of the voice, reaching the scientist who adjusted the glasses on his face and pointed at the screen, at what it seemed like-
That particular day, he informed Steve that he was going to be away, coming back late at night, and made sure to venture in his workshop, the finished suit in the centre of the room, before sending a message to Steve, telling him that he forgot to mention that the suit was ready, in the workshop waiting for it to get tested. Feeling proud of his plan, he proceeded to wear the suit, donning Tony’s trademark colours, much like his usual ones. Staying still could be quite the challenge for such a restless person, but he had to be patient; the turnout could be quite promising.
“It is not your people that need saving,” Steve said softly, closing his eyes against the pain as Tony stepped back, “it is mine, from yours. Your people will kill mine. I have spoken to the fates.” He pulled away himself, lowering his gaze as he stepped back to the window.
“Don’t let him come upstairs! Why am I even paying you, you bastards??”, Stane shouted through the intercom, clearly annoyed and frustrated by now, which only made Tony smile wider in anticipation. “What are you laughing at, you little prick? Think that your precious Captain will fix everything up? Save the day and all that superhero crap you keep on believing? Hate to break it to you, kid, that won’t happen”, he said as he pulled out a syringe from his pocket, walking towards the restrained man. “I wonder what will happen if I inject you with this.. will it kill you? Maybe we should test that, if I don’t get my lab rat later, I might as well get a replacement now”
“Boss, why is everyone buzzing about Captain America?”, Rhodey’s voice was heard as he stepped in the tent, eyeing Steve right away, staring at the star uniform that the blonde rushed to hide from view.
And yet, Tony was proud for finally getting some acknowledgement from his father, who seemed pleased with how Tony was preparing their people.
“I think they can manage on their own for a little while,” he said, even though he knew that he had to go back. “Come with me, to Sparta. I’ll treat you well, I swear it, and we’ll have that discussion over a feast, like I promised.”
“Going somewhere, flag man?”, one of them taunted, circling Steve with the rest of his goons following.
The way the man spoke send a shiver down Steve’s back; it felt like he was back during the war and hearing the Red Skull, Zola or Baron Zemo, any of the villains he had to fight, yelling petty words and promises of revenge to him and Bucky. That was surely not a good sign, and he turned to Tony who seemed pretty unphased by the whole argument.
Tony’s helmet lifted up, eyes widened in surprise. “Where did that come from…? We’re not done with Kang yet, I can’t go, remember?”
“If you put it like that...but unlike your childish wishes, this will come true”, Tony said confidently.
“Well.. We are motored, this a job, remember? I was sent here because there was a tooth to collect. I can’t just ignore my task and go whenever I want...”
“So are you denying that you’re well known for sharing your bed?” Steve asked, a little confused. “We keep our women for specific times; they do not just simply roam the streets.”
Steve carried on, moving on to the pottery. “I set an example, and I hope others notice and follow. Mortals aren’t weaker than us,” he said passionately, placing his scrolls down to lift a vase and examine it. “They are powerful in so many other ways.”
Tony’s eyes darted to the door, widening as he noticed a number of people he had never seen before marching into the room, led by Rhodey, who didn’t seem happy at all. He sat up, not bothering to cover his body, as he gave everyone a look. “Why didn’t anyone bother to knock?” he asked, looking straight at Rhodey. “What’s the meaning of this, Rhodes?”
“And what about that..?”,Tony asked as he cautiously sat down opposite to Steve, giving him some space.
“You must be kidding me..”, he muttered as the cockpit was clear enough, wiping it with his elbow and taking a couple of steps back at the sight.
Steve led the way over to the bed, pulling back from the kisses hesitantly, and he pulled the strap off his back to take the shield off and let it rest on the ground near the bed as he stood by the edge of it, holding Tony and looking down at him with wide blue eyes.
“No, actually I came in to greet our guest”, she said with a calm smile. “And to remind you of certain meetings that you need to attend before the end of the week. Also, I’ll need your signature and to approve some of the recent transactions overseas”
Steve then realised that they were placed in a room where what he thought were mirrors, were in fact a glass, he was sure that people were watching him with their handy dandy notepads in hand, ready to take notes. He clenched his fists, nodding. With a quick pull, the sheet was removed.
Tony let go and moved to his earlier position instead, resting his head on Steve’s chest. “This is just as good,” he said.
“Sharing is a pretty vague word,” Tony answered slowly, before he finally admitted it: “Women have been in this bed before just not in the way that people believe they did. And they are free to walk around here, to participate in everything, they are equal. They are fighters just like us; we don’t keep them locked up like you do, Athenian. That’s more like the justice you speak of, right?”
Her pistol pressed Tony’s temples but she pulled back soon after, gesturing for her men to follow her outside.
Steve wasn't angry. In fact, he wasn't sure what he was feeling. Shocked, confused, scared, guilty. Every corpse that was staring at him was a grave reminder of what he did; he killed Tony Stark. Of course others would insist that it wasn't his fault, that Tony chose to risk his life and stop the impending incursion, but if Steve didn't push him to do it, he would still be alive. It was messed up to think like that, he knew it, of course he was angry and betrayed that his best friend lied behind his back and used him, erasing his memories, what he held close to him, but now he was gone.
And he was right. Shortly after some of the girls took upstairs a big company of men, Thor finally relaxed and nodded back to Tony, taking a chair and turning it around, placing his chin on his arms and joined a conversation about a certain bandit that was rumoured to be nearby.
He took a step closer to the water, standing by the edge as he removed the cloth by his waist, holding it out as he stepped in elegantly, careful to hide everything below his waist as he slipped into the warm water.
“However… there was another incident… I've managed to record this, and I’d rather have you watch the footage first before… I show you what really is going on.”
“Did I do anything? What’s the sudden love for?”, the soldier said with a small chuckle, ruffling Tony’s hair.
Sighing and trying to push that out of the way, he opened the closet that Tony talked about, taking a clean towel and a pair of trousers who seemed that would fit him, getting rid of the clothes that the other man handed to him what it seemed ages ago in that tent, getting inside the shower. He looked at the shower head and then down to the buttons with the indication for the hot and cold water, pressing the button with the red circle on it and jumping away when boiling water sprayed him, making sure to let his body adjust to the temperature before moving under the steaming water. It felt so refreshing and he let out a soft huff of relief straight away, shutting his eyes and just letting the warmth take over him. Back in the day, he couldn’t really afford having a hot, steamy shower like that, not in the battlefield or when he was even back to his small Brooklyn apartment, so this felt so endearing, and for a moment there, he forgot where he was or what was even happening.
“Of course. I didn’t think that men like you still existed, to be honest. Everything has a price, especially when people know that you are a billionaire”
“My weapons are made by Hephaestus himself, mortal! There is no way you can win this battle," Tony cried as he fell down, wiping the blood from his mouth before the wound seemed to heal. He got to his feet and ran towards Steve, trying to get the shield out of his hands.
“Is everything here a joke to you? We’re trying to save the world, Stark”, Steve replied with a cold gaze.
“You said that before, yet you’re standing here now,” Tony said. “Something made you come back, am I right? What was it? At least answer that before you decide to leave.”
Steve relaxed, tilting his head and peeking over his shoulder to try and see Tony, but he could only see the tips of his curls, smiling at the comfort that sight alone brought. He let out a happy murmur as he felt the kisses to his skin, sighing softly.
“Steve Rogers, it’s a pleasure to meet you”, Steve nodded. Tony was certainly confident, which was sort of soothing; at least he seemed more trustworthy than scientists, there was something eerie about them, even though they promised him so much.
Steve shook his head as he took a seat, rubbing his temples. This was the first time that they assembled ever since the incident in New York, and it was all because Tony Stark disappeared. Straight away, they all feared for the worst; just over a year ago, Tony has suffered a heavy attack from AIM and the Mandarin, but the thought that after that, he was going to be safe. Clearly, they were wrong.
Steve laughed a little, nervously. “I... I did,” he said, hunching his shoulders as he recalled the images from the dream. “Your expression and your voice...”
“A heartbeat”, he exclaimed, blinking a couple of times. “That’s not possible, it’s been over seventy years, how could he even be alive?”, Tony said, his mind trying to desperately find a logical explanation.
“It may be forbidden for me to ever praise Athena, but I’m going to pay my respects to her temple for keeping her son alive for me to meet,” Tony said. “Maybe our parents did want us to meet after all; maybe we can help them solve their differences."
“Yeah, I will properly head to the gym or something”, Steve replied, picking out a shiny apple from the fruit bowl.
“I wish things were as simple between him and me…”, Steve sighed. That might have been a lie; even after the war, after they decided to let that behind them and move on, he was grateful for everything that they went through. It made them stronger, it made their relationship stronger and… it lead to this mess. Maybe some things needed to be changed after all. “Like I said… Tony was always there for me when I woke up. I didn't know that he was Iron Man at first, we had the warmest heart to heart talks when I was training Tony Stark… That fella risked his life for me so many times, and I gladly did the same… there was a huge fight a few years ago, Tony rooted for the Registration Act and I was against it… things got messy and bloody really soon, I was gone for so long, and Tony… Tony erased his own memories of the event to prevent someone from obtaining vital information that he withheld. Again… that guy was lucky to escape death for so long, and now…”
“Perhaps you ought to build one then,” Steve suggested, huddling the scrolls close to his chest again.
Like mentioned, their first meeting was right in the middle of the battlefield, fighting off Loki in Germany. A loud noise was heard, and Iron Man, in all his glory appeared from nowhere, landing in front of the Captain and aiming at Loki, who raised his hands in the air.
Steve watched him until he had started a fire, and then he sat closer to it. “You are quite practical.”
“Fools!”, Kang cried out, protecting himself with a force field, with the Hulk frantically smashing it. “Soon all of you shall be erased! One by one, I’ll get rid of you!”
He started to cut off the fur, keeping himself warm as he looked at his bloody hands; the son of Ares, that’s who he would always be. Why had he even thought that a simple demigod could change him, that he could even love someone? No, he was destined to be alone and carry out his father’s thirst for blood, just as expected.
“I would not only save my people, but yours. You would happily see your men die in battle? Lives lost? Cities, hard work, all gone? Is this honourable for you?” Steve asked in disbelief, taking a couple more steps back. He was trying to distance himself from Tony so that he wouldn’t lose his temper again.
The Captain slowly pulled his hand away after a couple of moments, saluting at the grave and turning towards the exit. “Stark..? Tony? Thank you”, he said, not facing the other man. He was thanking him for everything, for the flowers, for bringing him here, for holding his hand, but he couldn’t bring himself to name the reasons why he was so thankful. Maybe he needed that human contact, to be reassured that he could carry on, for someone to push him, and so far, Tony was the one to offer all of those to him.
“What, me and Pepper?”, Tony blinked. “No, no, she’s engaged, actually. Her and Happy seem to be doing great, I’m really glad they’ve got each other”, he smiled. “Oh yes, Happy Hogan is actually my um.. chauffeur and part time bodyguard. He’s a close friend, he’s the guy who told me how to throw some good punches, helped with self defence and all, former boxer”
Tony watched him carefully as he took off the shirt, never really getting enough of the built body, his hard abs sticking out as he moved his arms around, staying still, praising himself for this plan that seemed to work well so far; at least Steve was almost out of his clothes.
Despite the hard training, his body still looked more fragile than the rest of the boys, and even when he grew up to be a proud Spartan, spending time training and helping to rule the city, his body wasn’t particularly shaped like the others. Still, he was treated with respect, as Ares chose him as his representative, guiding him and giving him privileges that notmany mortal men were allowed to even lay eyes on. Being a lover of war and combat, Ares allowed Tony to be taught by Hephaestus himself, mastering the art of forging powerful weapons, spears, shield and swords. As a parting gift, he was handed a medallion, bound to protect him during battle, which he proudly wore on his chest where it resonated a faint glow.
“Yes? Now, the other you had proper wings sticking out of his helmet back in the day, I think that you should follow his example.”
The second child was named Antonius (Anthony, once more the modern term), a boy raised according to the Spartan law, following every step of the Spartan education, and joining the army when he came of age.
He looked around curiously, taking everything in, red cloths decorating the royal structures, women roaming about as they pleased. It was truly a sight he wasn’t used to at all. As he stepped into the royal palace to meet their leader, he continued to scout the area, seeing young boys train around him. The place was decorated with paintings from battles and such. He stood by the chambers of their leader, Antonius, the doors opening and walking in, his spear set to one side before he even entered the palace, the guards not allowing him to take it in.
“It was...” He took a pause, “Practice, for the real thing, so I thought.” Steve admitted with a mutter, nestling in Tony’s arms, content even though he was slightly agitated, but that seemed to wash away - after all, it was part of their relationship.
“Athletics are our training,” he said, walking down to the large structure. “We choose to partake in the arts. It educates us, and future generations.”
“And I will look after you as much as you require, in return,” Steve said, resting his cheek against Tony’s. “I owe you a debt for promising to save my people. And for being a friend to me.”
“He’s alive and well. Healthy, so signs of cancer, chronic heart diseases, nothing. I patched him up after his fall, but he’s the only Tony that turned out to be alive, out of every body that came out of those rifts.”
The figure dressed in purple and green was now facing them, having appeared through what it seemed a portal, holding a large gun at his hand, a wide spread grin all across his face.
“So, who is this mysterious man that I need to meet?”, Tony asked him as soon as he stepped inside the kitchen; it was so strange, he was working on modifying his Tower to accommodate the Avengers if he had to, and to see that this was really the case in this universe, really urged him to put his plan in motion.
A few days ago, when he was called in and told that his services were requested in Deadwood, his eyes widened in amazement. Deadwood, one of the country’s most notorious and busiest towns was going to be under his protection. But of course he had to be filled in about the man who basically ran the town; the famous Anthony Stark. Everyone knew his father, and now everyone knew his son as well, not because he was as important, but because he was a couple of things; a drunk, gambler, ladies’ man and an eccentric genius.
The roles had reversed right now, Steve was the one looking confused, hurt, and Tony was looking down at him, pleased to be on top again.
Steve's heart raced and he shook his head, genuinely confused at Tony, and at the feelings that kiss brought with it. “Affection?” he asked. “Why affection? What?”
Steve’s warm laugh, his casual words and friendly, understanding approach was exactly what Tony needed and he only responded by nodding quickly.
When they were finally outside, an open car was waiting for them, the driver chatting in Spanish with another colleague. He dropped everything he was doing to welcome them in English, with the strongest accent that Tony has heard from a Spanish speaker in all of his journeys.
The metallic doors opened, and Tony walked ahead to swipe a card across a door with the number “1” on it.  “It’s not much, we are staying here for a couple of days so it should be fine”, he said, scratching his head as he settled down the large red couch. Steve was standing by the door, suitcases still in his hands as he was looking around, mouth wide open. He wasn’t exactly used to luxury yet, but the place in front of him was so fancy and well decorated to Tony’s personal style that he couldn’t help but walk slowly around, examining every piece of furniture and decoration. He placed the suitcases by the enormous king sized bed with soft, bright blue silk bed sheets and sat down by Tony. “Not much? Only you could say that, you know”, he smiled.
“I’m just enjoying watching you contradicting everything that you were preaching just a moment ago, Athenian. You speak of peace and justice when you barge into my house and attack me personally how is that even going to make you hear to what you’re saying?" Tony asked with a snort, moving around Steve. “You may still have time to run back home if you think fast.”
“He won’t harm me, he’s all words, that’s what he does when he doesn’t have his way. He goes all Bond villain on you-oh that’s a reference you’ll probably won’t get for now. My main point is, he won’t do anything, he just likes threatening people. Either way, he’s not having any of your samples and he’s not approving any super soldier experiments, not while I’m in control”, Tony said confidently.
“Better? You think that you’ll find something better than the top facilities of Stark Industries?”, Tony snorted, a hint of insult in his voice, doing his best to avoid Pepper’s sharp look.
Steve turned around as soon as he heard his name being called, to see a blonde nurse approaching him.
“I’d rather not have everyone addressing me as Captain America, Stark. And also, I don’t want to see my face on tomorrow’s papers or anything like that. In fact, I want this to be kept a secret, don’t make a scene , don’t tell the word about me, are we clear?”, he decided, offering his own hand to Tony this time around.
The rest of the car ride was silent, and Steve tried his hardest to keep his mind away from the sight of that tombstone. He had his moment, he mourned, and there was no reason to keep reminding himself about it. He wouldn’t forget, he would never, ever do that, but he had to accept it and try to move on, while treasuring his past.
“Mass murder and blood-lust are characteristics of demons,” he said, fixing his sandals and sitting up properly, brushing out his tunic.
“How did you end up living here?”, Tony asked him, breaking the silence between them, but still keeping his hand over Steve’s.
Tony shook off his worries, focusing on the man’s face in front of him, this being the first time that he was him in a more submissive role, knowing that he never, ever done that for anyone else before, he would always be the one in charge, and yet he seemed to be actually wanting to be possessed, for once. He leaned forward, the delicate fingers gently rubbing him as they lowered the fabric, the metal that was between Tony’s fingers and the soft flesh preventing him from feeling its warmth, fixing his eyes on Steve’s face and expression instead.
He found out how exactly he could give hope to everyone, by presenting them the one and only hero that their world ever known, their own Captain America. Of course, his well being came first, and it would take a while to get him back on track, but the public’s opinion when they would see the legend walking amongst them, waving the star spangled banner, the shiny shield in hand, would surely lift everyone’s spirits.
“Don’t worry, that won’t be a problem. They’re many means for you to entertain yourself back in my Tower, there’s a gym, lounge.. well, you’ll find something to keep yourself busy”, Tony rushed to reply, standing up and wearing his huge parka again, wrapping himself up and offering Steve one. “You’ll need to, trust me, it’s freezing out there, in case you didn’t notice already”, he said as he noticed Steve’s hesitation.
Tony smiled at him, humming against Steve's skin to get him to stop talking, moving his tongue around Steve's nipple instead, and his tongue hot over the sensitive flesh.
“Of course you can,” Tony nodded. “I’m sure you’re hiding a lot of talents from me. And if you want, I can teach you a couple of tricks of my own.”
“Their hero is not back”, the man interrupted him. “I’m Steve Rogers, not Captain America”, he added, taking off his torn cowl and taking the change of clothes that was found on one of the chairs. “70 years have passed, I doubt anyone remembers or needs a hero now, and even if they do, they can get a modern, brand new model”
There was no turning back now, or rather, if there was a possibility of staying out of this, he wouldn’t take it. He was confident, sure of his choice, and a huge part of him was internally screaming, eager to walk again after so many months of depending on that wheelchair to move himself around. He would be able to look at others straight in the eyes once again, his spirit was going to be repaired.
“A date? You’re asking me if I’m asking a tooth fairy out? A fairy that broke into my bedroom late at night because he wanted to meet me? If it weren’t you, I would certainly arrest you, I wouldn’t consider going out on a date with you... do you hide those when you’re out of duty?”, he asked, pointing at the wings.
“No... No you won’t. I said we’re going together...now, we’re going together, just like we promised," Tony cried, shaking his head, holding Steve’s hand over his cheek, feeling him getting colder. He was having trouble breathing himself.
“It wouldn’t surprise me at all to hear that you know more about him than I ever did, Steve. We didn’t exactly get along.. I guess I tried to..”
“Uh, sure. Where else could I go?”, Tony asked, an eyebrow raising. Steve chose not to respond to his comment, that sure meant a lot more than the blond could comprehend, and Tony was sure that he realised that too.
Nothing seemed to have changed, the body still looked cold and it was still pale, and the man’s eyes didn’t even open, not once.
Tony wanted to say that he wasn’t so sure about that, but he remained silent, gesturing at a different area than the one the Captain was kept on, a nice desk and cosy chairs for him to sit on. However, the soldier seemed firm, crossing his arms and looking at Tony who was already sitting, expecting a full explanation.
“No, no, it was fine. And it was quiet, I seem to be getting used to these pretty quickly”, he admitted, giving them a pat.
“New functions? What, you have more little rockets in your fingers or something?” He asked. Steve would always address the AI as though it was a real person, it was a habit of his, and he couldn’t just hear a voice like that and not think it was real, especially if it was coming out of something tangible.
He was, and even if loving Steve was hard because of Tony’s constant need to be taken care of, it did make him happy, more than when Rumiko or Bethany said those three words back and left him when he needed them. Steve never left. Keeping a distance was one thing, but leaving was out of the question. He knew what he signed up for when he confronted his feelings, he knew that Steve was like him in many ways. He wasn’t just a superhero, he was a soldier. He learnt to drown his emotions, and the fact that he even let Tony in surprised him. Of course they had their fights at the start, they always fought, even when they found out what triggered a negative reaction from each other, but they would find a way to make up in the end. Some hours left in silence, even a night spent apart, but everything was forgiven.
How do you top finding an ancient mask, having your girlfriend turn against you, find out that your father was still alive, fought him, teamed up with a grumpy captain and lived to tell the tale? Too much excitement to last him a lifetime, that’s what Rhodey told him. Perhaps he was right, his heart couldn’t take it anymore, but he craved it. Settling down just wasn’t for him.
Steve examined his legs once more before trying not to feel too silly by thinking about flying. His eyes were closed, his thoughts disrupted when he heard Tony’s voice again.
Steve wrapped his arms around Falcon’s shoulders, keeping his head down, his long hair falling over his face as the guardian carried him into the air, taking him back to Athens, where he belonged. Though as they took flight, he raised his head, taking a glimpse of Tony, his heart aching. He couldn’t believe he had fallen in love, and the feeling wasn’t mutual, even after he had given himself to him.
Tony panted from the inside of the suit when he saw Steve pushing further inside him, asking for more, being obedient; he could never imagine the Captain being like that, besides those fantasies of him that he had in the back of his head. “I’m merely what Captain Rogers wants me to be”, he encouraged him, finding it hard to hide his identity every passing minute, wanting to be the one to please Steve, not any mere suit. He picked up the pace and made the vibration harder, going deeper into Steve’s body.
“And if you wish to know me, you shall. Take all the time you want," Tony nodded reassuringly, leaning back to put his hands behind his back, watching stars in the sky.
There it was, his Captain America uniform, all patched up, like he had never been in the ice in first place. The star in the centre, the scales on the arms and shoulders, everything seemed untouched. His cowl was resting there on top of everything, the wings on the side standing up prideful. This was it, he was going to save Tony, he was going to wear the uniform and there was no turning back, not now, not ever.
“Since when were the Athenians so blood thirsty?” Tony asked with a snort, spinning the spear in his hand.
Tony smiled at them both, but the smile was nothing close to being real. “See? Geez, capsicle, just relax”
Tony smiled as he started walking; making sure that Steve was behind him as they walked out of the city, nearing a chariot.
The beautiful Captain was coming closer, his bright azure eyes that defined his handsome face focused on him, and before he knew it, he was moving in as well. “You.. what..?”, he said in a low voice, their lips only inches away from each other.
“The Captain..”, Obadiah said with a huff. “I’ve done my reading boy, you seem to forget that your father and I worked very closely”, he added when Tony seemed both surprised and annoyed. “So, do you have it inside you now, Captain? Is the serum still working?”
Steve looked up as they finally returned to the monumental structures of Sparta, structures he thought he’d never see again, the large gates opening and letting in the chariot, taking it inside to the main structure where he had found Tony.
Tony smiled when Steve took his hand, arriving at where the chariot was kept. It was truly fitting for him, and Tony patted the nearest horse’s mane, admiring how different they were from his own black ones. “Those are beautiful stallions, and the same goes for this chariot. The craftsmanship is remarkable," he noted.
There was something different about Tony presenting the same logic behind the project as the other 2 scientists did. He was more approachable, he spoke like a man who knew from experience how tough the war was, but that was impossible, all he had heard about Tony Stark was how he was born, fed with a silver spoon, being unbelievably wealthy and enjoying a healthy, comfortable life.
“Isn’t that what you do? Why else would you be here? Do you have a name or should I call you fairy boy?”
Tony stayed behind the shield, shaking his head in despair. “I did, I loved you! I still do, listen to me! I was trying to chase after you, to say it! I didn’t realise until you stepped away, and I was stupid to let you go! I love you, I don’t care what any god says or what even the fates want to do!” he screamed, hitting against the shield.
“Clever boy”, the older man said as he gave Tony’s cheek a pat. “I need the secret to the super soldier serum, simple as that. If the Captain is willing to cooperate, we’ll take his samples and let you both go. If he refuses.. maybe I need to be more persuasive.. how do you think that he would react if he saw his precious Tony being tortured right before his eyes? So helpless..”
“And what good are you doing to your people when they will not even be able to bury you appropriately? Do not cross my path, Athenian. I can let you go now if you beg for forgiveness," Tony said with another huff, motioning for the guards to stay to one side as he jumped across and hit Steve’s shield with his spear, amazed by the sound it made. He felt the need to compliment it. “That’s an impressive weapon."
“Like what? Having your heart break to pieces with every single one of our fights? Almost killing each other then softening it up with some sweet words and forget everything? Feeling like we.. we need each other so desperate to feel complete, to feel ourselves again?”, Steve replied calmly, his own heart aching as he admitted how he really felt.
They kept on walking, descending, passing through narrow paths and always having each other’s backs. They worked together, made quite the team, actually.
“Don’t hurt him! He’s not in the state of mind to- I said, don’t hurt him!”, Tony yelled as he stood up, rubbing his neck and following them outside.
“Like this?”, Tony asked as he got closer, forcing Steve to either look away or stare into his eyes.
“I.. I guess I am..”, Steve whispered, hearing some noise coming from under the Tower. “What is happening..?”
“And with the wit of your words, once more I am quaking,” Steve replied, sarcasm echoing in his tone as he kept a firm grip of his shield, extremely protective over anything that was given to him. He wasn’t given a lot as his mother made sure he wasn’t spoiled, so when he was given gifts he clung to them with all of his heart. “Are you trying to steal my weapon, Spartan? Pillaging again?”
The Captain was shaking with anger, walking over to the panel and punching it, even though the voice continued to talk.
Tony smiled widely to him, looking down for a bit. “And to whom shall I express my gratitude, then? For meeting you?”
Tony broke the kiss to lick his lips, wanting to go further. But he decided to focus fully on Steve instead, rubbing his nose against Steve’s cheek. “We can either stay like this...or you’ll have to turn around," he said to him, with a shake of his head. “Around will be less painful. If you want this. Either way. I’m fine with whatever you choose.”
“He was doing a tour a few years back, demonstrating one of those missiles. His escorts were gunned down, a rogue terrorist group took him hostage, tortured, he was missing for a few months until we managed to track him down and save him. He doesn’t like talking about it, but...he came back a changed man. Focusing more on matters of energy and projects like the one you are part of, I think he wants to leave most of the weapons dealing business behind him.”
Steve glanced over his shoulder, the tunic still gathered around his waist. He saw no harm in bathing in front of someone who was also a son of a god; surely they would have the same morals and same sense of purity as his own.
“Amongst other educational facilities,” Steve said. “I was taught all over Athens by our finest. Though it doesn’t mean that I am on par with such minds, I have only been a student.”
“I hate you, Steve.. I hate you for making me love you so much..” Tony whispered, gripping tightly on Steve’s collar of his shirt. The man had a soft smell over him, the warm smell of sweet, red apples, a smell that Tony treasured so much.
“You can use this bedroom.. the bathroom is just in the end of the corridor, the last door on your right”, Tony said as he rubbed the back of his head. “This right here..”, he said, pointing at the wall device next to the door, “Is the intercom. You just need to dial 1 and you’ll get a hold of me if you need anything”, he added. “Is there anything else..? I can leave you to rest for now”
The blonde eyed him from head to toe, probably thinking of the possible escape routes and how to bring down the possible threat that was unraveled. However, this Stark guy was right, he couldn’t trust him but he didn’t have any other choice. Walking around in those clothes, in the middle of a snow storm with no proper idea of where he was or what even was the situation would have been a foolish move. Asserting his choices, he let out a heavy huff and got Tony’s hand, standing up and fixing his half torn suit, with as much dignity as he could.
“I wouldn’t deem it mercy or pity; I would say that it’s more fun and interesting to watch your city walls fall, stone by stone, the city burning when we’ll celebrate our glorious victory. We do not possess empathy because we’re fine warriors instead, we focus on what matters, not hiding like cowards behind beautiful words," Tony replied as he approached him, their noses almost touching as he was looking straight back to the man’s eyes. “Is that all? You came all the way down to Sparta to try and insult us? That’s pathetic.”
Steve leaned closer to him, kissing him again. It was still soft, hesitant, and Steve didn't know if he should try anything else. But he liked being gentle, and he wanted to show how grateful he was to Tony.
“But I am an Athenian, and I went against my people, and I made the first move,” Steve said, sighing to himself.
“You seemed much more of comfort there,” Steve said, plucking grapes off the small branch and popping them into his mouth with a small flick.
His eyes opened wide when he heard the door creaking, the bright sun entering the small building. He blinked a couple of times, but that’s when he saw him standing in front of him, taking off his hat and slicking his hair back, always with that smug look on his face. Tony Stark was there, inviting himself in and taking one of the chairs, his feet dropping on the desk.
“And since when was that an insult?” Tony yelled at him, kicking a small stone away from him. “I protect my people with the way I deem necessary, but you refuse to acknowledge that and consider me ignorant instead. You’re the one who doesn’t give people any chance to prove themselves, son of Athena,"
Even someone like Reed, so focused to his work and not the greatest when it came to social skills, realised how stupid that question was.
“I was wrong before; friends don’t do what we’re doing right now. Or what we did last night" Tony said with a shake of his head, holding on to Steve’s hand, not wanting him to draw it back. “But lovers do”
Steve shook his head. “I try to tell you, but you just compare my people to yours again, deem yours above mine,” he said sharply, brow furrowed. “I do not give up easily, but I know when I am fighting a losing battle. I promise you nothing, you tarnish my promises with your words. You do nothing but disappoint me, Spartan; your feigned interest is not what I want. I expect those who I teach to listen, not supersede.”
His fists were clenched up, his expression nothing but dead serious. He was furious, Tony could tell that he was piecing everything together; the nightmares that he had been having for months, Tony’s shady behaviour, the rest of the Illuminati avoiding him. It was making sense to him, and the engineer just knew it; Steve wouldn't forgive him, he was the one who made the final call, who gave Strange the order to do it, just because they knew, everyone knew that him and Steve were the closest. The worlds were colliding again, and at that very moment, it seemed that those lies, those deaths, everything was for nothing. Their world was threatened again and to think that the choices they've made didn't save them at all made him sick. It was a repeat from when he was in Paris a few years back, he felt like throwing up, but he had to appear recollected in front of Steve.
“Have a seat, don’t be shy,” Tony nodded as he moved to one side, watching Steve carefully. “My home is your home."
“We all deserve a bit of rest tonight, I can deal with reports and the press tomorrow, right now I need a bubble bath and to lay in bed”, he yawned as Happy drove off and into the city instead.
“I am earning their respect by leading Sparta to glorious victories,” Tony replied as he pushed the hair out of his face and sat down as well, strategically away from Steve. “People talk about me and my godly weapons.”
Steve could feel the tip as it pushed against a spot that was generating so much pleasure; it made his back arch, pushing his chest toward the suit, eager to feel as much of it against his sweaty skin as possible. He felt the jitter of the metal as his hands tried to reach around the large, broad shoulders, trying to grip at the jagged plates for security. “Iron Man-” He repeated over and over, his cries becoming louder.
“If your ties with the fates are as tightly knitted as you say they are, then why have you not done so already? Why does Athens still stand? Do not claim it is mercy or pity; you Spartans fail to possess the slightest bit of empathy in your vindictive, blackened hearts.”
The soldier’s tired eyes turned to the screen, the scientist stepping outside to let him watch. The footage seemed normal, he could only see the morning sky, but all of the sudden, the screen started flickering, a bright light emerging from the clouds, an armoured figure which seemed to be on fire falling down the sky in great speed.
Steve smiled. It felt good to be complemented; being surrounded by amazing artists meant that Steve’s work often slipped into the background. “Thank you, Tony,” he said modestly, placing his hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“It felt so vivid, so real,” Steve said. “As though I could feel the way your skin felt, the way your lips tasted...”
Tony was finishing preparing their meal when he noticed Steve, and he shook his head at him. “Good morning, I hope you’re hungry," he said as he passed him the meat and cut a piece of bread from their supplies, handing it to Steve. He bit on the hare's leg himself, used to doing those sorts of things; during his army training he had to look after his fellow soldiers and cooking for them was just a simple way to fulfil that duty.
His mind immediately went to his friend most likely sitting outside with his girl; maybe Bucky wouldn’t be thrilled to join the fight again, but what if he could help him touch Natasha again with both of his hands? It could really help everyone.
Steve moved himself on top of Tony, flicking his own hair back as he moved his tongue clumsily down Tony’s neck, trying to mimic what Tony had done to him. Tony moved his fingers to Steve’s head, moving through his golden hair as he threw his head back, appreciating Steve’s efforts, and then let out a yelp of surprise when Steve's mouth reached his nipple, his grip on Steve's hair tightening. “Oh... Steve...” Steve kept going, licking around his nipple before taking it into his mouth, sucking at it, following by example, and Tony's whole body tensed at the feeling.
“Rhodey! Long time no see!”, he exclaimed, making a silent ‘oof’ sound when the man pulled him close for a hug.
Once the Spartans came into their territory, they stood, and Steve narrowed his eyes, raising his head as their general signalled the attack. He charged forward, knocking men back with his shield, trying not to kill them but simply to maim them.
“We need him.”, Reed finally said, looking at Tony behind the glass, who seemed so silent and holding himself back. “If Kang attacks us, we still need Iron Man. He might not be Tony, but he’s… a Tony. And I’m sure that I can work with him-“
Tony rolled his eyes. “What proof do you want to see in my actions, Athenian, to open your eyes? Name it, and I’ll give it to you.”
Steve nodded, letting out a small sigh. There was something about that small kiss that had managed to get to him, to show his heart how desperate Tony was for him to stay. And perhaps how loath Steve was to leave.
Tony blinked a couple of times when he heard Steve’s words, at a loss for what to say for the first time in years. Nobody spoke to him like that; he was always respected and viewed as an important figure amongst mortals. But still, this newcomer just appeared out of nowhere and judged him for the way his people had been always raised. That was something he couldn’t take lightly.
“You know, you should feel lucky about learning about those things,” Tony pointed out. “My education wasn’t really enough; I had to educate myself on everything I deemed interesting.”
, he thought to himself as he dressed up in his warm clothes again, covering his hands with heavy gloves, his neck and mouth covered up as well; it was never wise to put fashion over a snow storm, he learnt that the hard way after a team member almost lost a couple of his fingers due to a nasty frostbite. The advanced technology of that era could easily give him prosthetic fingers, but Tony would rather have his normal ones when he would point at the screen during meetings or when he would accompany a lady at a gala event. People did point out that it was well strange that Tony didn’t seem to actively miss those days and luxury, but in all honesty, he didn’t mind. It was a nice break from everything, if he had to put it that way.
“No, I just thought we could grab some dinner together”, Tony said with a shake of his head. “We could go out or just eat here, if you want to..? Watch something on TV..”
“I am as old as you think I am. And no, I’m... No,” he said shaking his head, not wanting to admit that he was forbidden to be married to anyone in order to remain pure and untouched, following in his mother's footsteps. “I am as my mother wishes me to be.”
“You can’t possibly mean that, come on, Tony”, Stane said, giving him a nudge on the shoulder. “Think of all the profit, come on! How do you think that your father would feel if you let a chance to expand the company like that was missed?”
Steve held his shield over Tony, defending himself and the man from the arrows. “You... You don’t! You don’t love me! You would’ve said it in front of them if you did!” Steve yelled back.
“You just expect me to sit here? Are you nuts? Let me go!”, Tony protested, hitting the glass but not really achieving anything.
“This is.. amazingly beautiful”, he said, stunned by the beauty of the travelling light on top of the tower. “Thank you, Tony”, he added, pulling him in a warm hug, his hands tightening around the older man’s back.
He couldn’t, however, find a button to press, anything that would activate the machine in front of him, but when he waved at the screen, it lit up, making him blink in surprise. The background was of deep blue colour, but when he tried to press the keys, a loud beep was heard and a window came up on the screen, asking him for a password.
Steve rolled his eyes, not being able to form any thankful sentences but only followed the older man obediently. Before he knew it, they were seated in the fancy restaurant, Paris in their feet as the enjoyed a course of tasty dishes, completed with a dessert that Steve took some convincing to eat after the waiter burned the sugar on top of the cream in front of them.
“Everything happened in its own pace, Steve.. I loved that.. and whatever brought us two together..”, Tony said as he let out a soft huff to the feeling of the man’s hands.
All that Tony could get from this procedure was Steve’s moans and his focused expression, head thrown back as he panted heavily, sweat and wet hair from getting so much pleasure. He had to show him, he had to know that it was
Steve tried to hold himself up, thought he moment Tony pressed himself inside he made another sharp gasp, his mouth opening this time, unable to restrain himself as he let out a whimper. He tried to focus ahead, but his long hair fell forward, covering his eyes with the sudden movement as he jerked at the second attempt. This time, he gritted his teeth tightly, trying to accommodate Tony by being more relaxed, but it was hard to do.
Was that friendship really though? Tony had known Rhodey for years but he never felt like that when he saw Rhodey, he didn’t seek Rhodey's affection in the way that he searched for Steve’s. But if it wasn't friendship, then what was it?
Steve’s fingertips tangled in the sheets and, as Tony raised his chin, he opened his mouth, desperately seeking Tony’s lips. He whimpered, needing Tony, arching his back as he tried to put more effort into pushing back against him, breaths coming hard and fast.
Tony hesitantly pulled back, lowering his gaze. “I’m glad you came, Athenian. No matter what happens, I hope that our paths cross again.”
“You have no idea.” Tony muttered, turning to look at Steve when he felt his gaze. “What about you? Did you change upon meeting me?”
“Subtle doesn’t seem the Spartan way,” Steve muttered, noticing how Tony moved. “You may stay on your resting place; there is no need for you to join me here.”
And he stared at the handle of the door for a moment before he made up his mind, his hand slowly lowering it, pressing down.
“Can I examine it later? Just from the point of a view of a weapons creator, it really is one of a kind. A gift from the Gods, perhaps?” he asked.
Tony blushed faintly. “I feel strange when you touch me as well,” he said, unused to talking in such a gentle way, “but not in a bad way. It feels right, as though it’s meant to be. You are a brave man, Athenian, and your bravery has rewarded you the safety of your people.”
Steve was forced to attend a rigorous training course as part of his induction as a demigod, having to train in the art of war as well as formal education such as maths and arts, to improve and widen his knowledge as a soldier, and to make him multifaceted and to make him a wise leader that many would look up to. As part of his final training, Steven also received a shield and spear, though the shield was his pride and joy. He would spend countless nights looking after it, and even created a strap which looked odd at the time to others, and kept the shield on his back; he was opposed to keeping his arms occupied. It was one of his own creations, and despite the strange looks he received, he was proud of the shield his mother had given him. The shield had a large shape, representing Orion, the hunter, to provide him with the strength and bravery he needed to lead the Athenian army, as was his duty.
Tony nodded and stood up, legs shaking, taking another look at the corpse on the table. It was so surreal; the man had his ebony hair and beard styled differently, and they did share some differences when it came to their facial structure, but that was him, he was sure of it.
“I offered you a chance to know me better than anyone, Athenian; I told you things I never considered before in my life. I didn’t ask you to come here to laugh at you, I asked you because I thought that your teaching could change this city for the best, I asked you to teach me first, and that’s what you did so far,” Tony huffed, feeling his heart sinking. “Maybe you’re right, maybe you are a fool, but you think so for the wrong reasons; you’re a fool for not giving people a second chance, for seeing only what’s on the surface”
Tony looked at him, staring straight back into his azure eyes, wanting to say something. But he really was at loss for words. He wanted to tell him to try harder, but he was tired of asking not getting anything in return. He'd known Steve for so little time, and yet he'd thrown himself at him, hoping that he truly found a friend, someone he could really open up to.
His beard was getting bushier, his eyes seemed to have lost that spark that they once had, and when the door slid open that day, he didn't expect Steve to walk inside.
“Sparta,” Steve said, brushing back his shoulder length blonde hair behind his ears and glancing up at the man. Falcon pulled a face, furrowing his eyebrows in curiosity.
Tony thought as he walked around, trying to spot the blonde hair and purple tunic that he had seen before. He was close to giving up hope when he reached the outskirts of the city to see a lonely figure standing out from the dark graves. He approached and stood by Steve, arms crossed.
“We’re here today at the Brooklyn Veteran Affairs Hospital where Tony Stark and Stark Industries are introducing what it seems to be a stepping stone for cybernetics and prosthetics for people of all ages in need.”
Steve took the scrolls quickly, possessive of his work, shoving them back into his makeshift satchel to hold them close to his chest as he backed away from Tony. He looked cautious, wary as he spoke. “I’m taking my leave, don’t you worry.”
“Tony, if that’s how most of your people are, I’m not surprised why you need a bodyguard”, Steve huffed. “That man seemed deranged”
“Why would I mock your appearance?” Tony asked as he sat up, water dripping from his chest. “That is a compliment; I do find your exterior really appealing.”
“Why wouldn’t others stand up to you?” Steve asked, tilting his head again. “Because you enjoy watching them fear you?”
Steve nodded innocently, his eyes fixed on Tony; he could feel Tony's breath on his skin and swallowed hard. Though he’d never really had a friend before, he liked receiving those kisses, and giving them, and now Tony was closer than any other man had ever been to him before.
“Tony”, Steve said before Tony could say anything else. “I think that fighting a war and staying frozen for a good number of decades prepare me to leave in the cruel wasteland in Brooklyn”
Steve’s fingers began to slip a bit lower, stroking the nape of the Tony’s neck as he stared at Tony, cheeks pink.
The red haired flipped her hair back, nodding. “I heard a lot about you, Rogers. It’s nice to finally meet you”
“Tell me about your training,” Steve said, his fingertips moving along Tony’s ribs, finding himself eager to touch him more.
“Yes, there are two of them. One short guy with glasses, the other seems a bit..”, she stopped, trying to find a suitable word. “Strange.”
Tony’s hope was renewed when the man smiled to him, even if his next words made him shake his head in disagreement. The man came all the way here to preach that people could change, and the moment that Tony decided to say the truth to him, that people cannot change, it seemed that all his hope was taken away from him. Tony blamed himself for that. But what was he doing? He was doing the blonde a favour; he had stopped giving him false hopes. But that felt too cruel.
“It’s why I couldn’t get my mind off you the moment I met you,” Steve said, curling his arm around Tony in invitation. “And before that, going to visit you required so much planning...”
Tony kept looking up as he ran his tongue over Steve’s stomach, rubbing his head against Steve's skin, his hand reaching lower to rest on Steve's lower stomach. He kept his hand there, fingers playing with the hair, giving Steve time to process what was going on.
“Sometimes people like to exaggerate for the sake of reputation,” Tony answered mechanically. “Besides, you haven’t really met Spartan women, have you? If you had, you wouldn’t say those things to me”
“Are you two lovebirds done?”, Stane’s voice was heard, the ground trembling when he walked towards them, hitting one of the pillars, doing the same to the one next to it.
It wasn’t often that an interesting score showed up at his door. Sure, he got featured on magazine covers and had people asking for interviews left and right, but his discoveries just weren’t that interesting anymore.
“The way you quite rapidly change my title should have me concerned, is this some sort of trap?” Steve asked as he took a seat by the table, pouring himself some wine.
“I just want you to go back to him, okay?”, Steve stopped him. “That other me that is out there, looking for you. I've had the time of my life with Tony… and now I'm keeping you away, I'm depriving your friendship from someone else out there, and that someone is me.”
“The perfect volunteer for this project. You’re on top peak condition and we know that the moment you step outside in the battlefield with your new legs, their quality will be tested too. We can improve any imperfections, make sure that non-combat prosthetic limbs will work perfectly and that we can mass produce them. It’s not a selfish act, this is us being careful and wanting to offer everyone in need a better future.”
After watching him for so long and being by his side, not to mention the little moments the two of them shared, he couldn’t help but think that he was falling for the man. The way the sunlight painted his dark hair was such a beautiful sight. And then he did it, he turned around and faced the Captain; his eyes were shining, their bright blue colour that he adored.
Being the son of famous Howard Stark wasn’t easy. Especially when you were declared as the prodigal son of the family, ignoring your father’s great achievements and using his name and wealth to fulfil your own irrelevant visions. Sure, Tony Stark was a genius and a rich fella, but he chose not to appreciate his father’s work with the government to build the Pacific Railroad, which gave Tony the opportunity to open his own saloon in Deadwood, away from the bigger towns. He was criticized for that choice, but business was good, and he was enjoying a carefree life, filled with joys and all kinds of temptations. All was well until that dreadful night when bandits stormed inside, shot in the air and took him away before he could do anything to defend himself. Turned out they wanted ransom, and Tony spent a good couple of days in their Fort, helpless to their torture, unable to do anything about it until the bandits could negotiate his release with his father’s associates. Of course he tried to escape; this only granted him a bullet on his chest and a horrible treatment by a local “doctor”. Needless to say, that left him with a huge, ugly to him, scar right in the centre of his chest, which would equally encourage or discourage the ladies; not that he was thinking much about them when that incident was happening, he was mostly worried about his safety.
“How do you get rid of this guy?”, Tony asked as he waited for Steve’s instructions, who pressed his finger against his ear.
Steve hated running away from any confrontational circumstance, so he never did. This made the first time that he had. He woke up the next morning, looking up at his mother’s statue with a heavy heart, and then he sat up, rubbing his eyes and pushing back his hair. He was very used to being alone, getting up and walking around the temples, extinguishing the fires for that night and then cleaning the statues and the floors.
The natural thing to do was to offer his help to him, he could only imagine how lost he felt at that moment, but somewhat acting friendly seemed both unprofessional and a bit intimidating, seeing that Steve’s behaviour so far didn’t make him exactly approachable. But the way he stood near the desk, jaw clenched and his fingers formed in a fist, made Tony feel compassion. He knew how it felt to be lost, but it sure wasn’t comparable of what the soldier was feeling at that moment.
Tony smiled in gratitude as he picked up some of his gadgets, tying them together carefully before looking around the room. “I think I’m ready to go.”
One thing brought another, and the two men started to spend more time together, in the beginning wanting to discuss some of the team’s next moves together, those two being considered as the team’s leaders by the rest of their small group, then ending up talking about today’s music and films.
“That is perfectly fine,” Steve said, stepping closer to Tony still. “You can keep it.” After spending the night with him wrapped around him, Steve was eager to feel him again, so he slipped his own arms under Tony’s and held him around the waist, hands gathering in the fabric of his tunic.
“I was never as smart as my mother intended,” Steve answered. “I was smart in my own ways; mathematics and such were never my strong suit.”
“No, look," Tony huffed, “I need to break it down slowly to them, you don’t understand. You keep saying how Athenians are more civilized, and none of them wanted to hear that. I had to make it stop, or things would end up badly. If you can show me what you mean, away from them, maybe I can show it to them as well without upsetting anyone.”
“Well now I know the errors of my ways,” Steve said, pressing his lips to Tony’s as he shut his eyes. It was the same kind of soft kiss as before, that same spark as their lips touched, the same spark as when they'd first touched hands.
Tony blinked, this was contradicting everything that he had planned in his head about Captain America’s return. Interviews, signings, photo sessions, inspiring talks..  those would have to wait.. until he found a way to convince him that having him as a hero back was all they could now, besides keep researching to save their home.
That’s why talking to Steve about his feelings, in a more blunt way that he did before, took so much time. Rejection wasn’t exactly the problem in that case, no. He was actually scared. Terrified of losing what they had together, that the bond that they shared would be crushed. And then the war came. All those years of them two patting each other on the back, going on missions, talking for hours, laughing together over the least important things, teaching each other, falling to the ground. All that Tony wanted to say to Steve, he was forced to say it to a corpse, staring at his azure eyes, tightly shut now, body on a cold metal bed. Tears were streaming down his face as he confessed, blaming himself for the 1000
“My heart belongs to my city, that is true,” Tony said, “but I really want to see how living here is, if you would care to show me.”
Steve lowered the shoulders of his large tunic, letting the fabric pool around his waist as he turned his back to Tony. The material slipped down his pale white skin, along the muscular curves of his arms and back, and he stepped closer to the edge of the bath.
“And I just knew that… this wasn't worth it, it wasn't supposed to end like this… he wasn't supposed to die from something like this…”
Tony’s thought’s were interrupted, not realising that Steve woke up, approached him and studied his notebook which was open in front of him.
Hours later, Steve was left with marks on his arms from the blood tests and some small bruises from all the tests that they made him go through. His head hurt, he didn’t expect them to have so many mental tests either, he had to answer so many series of questions, some simple, some others that had no idea how they were related to any of the procedures.
They walked in silence through the graveyard; it was a quiet Sunday morning, nobody else seemed to be around, visiting their loved ones. Still, Tony wore his sunglasses and cap lowered, hiding himself; someone who looked almost identical to Tony Stark standing in front of his grave would raise suspicions to say the least.
Tony shook his head as he breathed in and out, trying to recollect himself and not to show how shaken he truly was after the sights that he had just witnessed.
“Bring the digging equipment with you, Rhodey! There’s something we need to see..”, Tony shouted back, squinting his eyes behind the large goggles to inspect the iceberg, getting closer to what it seemed to be the cockpit anyway.
“You blame yourself too much, Athenian. Punishing yourself won’t give you anything. And I doubt your mother wants to see you like that either,” Tony said in a softer tone.
“There was an idea. Stark knows that”, he told them, Tony sighed and kept his eyes away from them, even though he could feel them both looking at his back. Fury called them remarkable, clarified how they needed them to come together, work together and overcome great obstacles. He couldn’t bear this, no. He stood up, staying still as if he wanted to say something, before leaving the room.
Steve pulled away, getting out of the bed to wrap his tunic around his waist clumsily before darting over to Falcon, grabbing his shield from the floor as he did. “This is was a misunderstanding,” he said in a flustered tone.
“I would not do such a thing,” Steve said, breathing softly against Tony's warm skin. “I am a man of manners.”
“Let me tell you what, you can drop by the Tower tomorrow. Stark Tower, I have a top class gym and you can start training and performing the physical tests there, how does that sound? Much better than a lab. Besides, I need to show you something about those legs, they can do something really..amazing. I’ll stay cryptic tonight, you’ll see tomorrow. Rest well, Cap”, he saluted as the car stopped in front of the apartment block.
Tony carried on watching, his eyes not leaving the stage at all, taking in all the jokes and sayings that got his attention, trying to memorize them for future reference. He didn't want to leave when the play was over and the actors left the stage, and it felt strange. He hadn’t thought he would enjoy himself so much. Then again, Steve's company also seemed to help.
Everyone that was still in the saloon turned to look, examining his attire, watching as the stranger placed his hands over his belt and pushed back his coat, walking over to the bar and sitting on a stool.
“It’s actually keeping me alive”, Tony replied, giving Steve a couple of seconds to register that. “A shrapnel is located way too close to my heart. This device is using electromagnetic power to keep it away from my heart, so you know, I won’t die. And before you ask, no, I can’t get it removed by surgery, at least not now. Maybe one day, but for now, this is what I live with”
“You can’t trust me. Not right now. So if you come with me back inside, I’ll let you know everything that you want to know. Every answer will be yours, no takeback on that”, Tony explained, offering his hand to the soldier.
“This is old.. really old, but I know how it works. In theory.. but it’s not hard at all, I’m a tech genius, after all”, he said confidently. It was true, he never saw a projector like that functioning before, they were all locked up in museums or gathered by collectors of antiques. He didn’t seem to get it to work though, despite trying out all its basic functions. “Gimme a minute or two..”
Steve nodded, placing his scripts to one side as he walked over to the table, admiring the large amount of food, especially meat.
“You let Tony Stark die so easily, before his time, do you realise what a big favour you've done to me?”, Kang laughed again.
“If I offer you my hand you will break my fingers,” Steve said, pulling back with a heavy huff of breath. “I know you, Spartan.”
It seemed as though Steve had been drawn there by a duty to instil peace, but allured by the looks of the man before him - a man who was somehow already managing to get into his large heart. He was brought down very quickly by how harsh Tony was with him. He had been warned in the past of sirens at sea, but never once did he think he would ever encounter someone who seemed just like one.
The blond sighed and stood up again, leaning his head against the cold window. He was still on Bucky’s trail, and right now, Tony was gone too. They might not have been in the closest terms, but they parted ways as friends, as allies. And that meant that he wasn't going to leave a fellow soldier behind, no matter what, not after he witnessed how far he could get, risking his life for the greatest good, just like he did with that plane decades ago.
Tony chuckled softly. He couldn’t let Steve know how desperate he was for proper friends, someone other than Rhodey, or how fascinating he found the Athenian. “Well, you need to get to know us better,” he said with a shrug. “We’re not just interested in killing things. We can be quite friendly. Well, I can, and about that… I don’t think we should let them know.”
“No…no… but that’s not what I wanted…”, Steve shook his head, fists clenching. “I didn't want him to die because of me… because he was tired of being a disappointment to me… that’s a lie, he really wasn't that.”
The next morning came soon enough, and the moment Tony opened his eyes, he saw Steve sleeping right next to him, his golden hair hiding his eyes, a peaceful smile on his face. He couldn’t help but press his lips against Steve's, his fingers running through Steve's hair, thinking of what they had done the night before.
The older man took some rope, securing it around a huge rock and then himself, slowly walking towards Steve.
“I promised that after this, I would give up this life but.. I get the feeling that I’m only getting started.”
Tony just watched him for a moment before moving slightly closer, his hand resting on Steve’s chest. “Thank you, Steve,” he said.
Their communication dropped as soon as he passed through the other side and everyone’s eyes were set on the sky, the huge explosion visible, and the aliens dropping to the ground lifeless. There was no sign of Tony, none at all.
No words were needed, just the promise that the two of them, together, as a team and partners, could lead humanity to a greatest future.
No, the sky wasn't falling down. He was falling, everything seemed to move in such a slow pace. Is that how people felt when they died? Were they also thinking of their best friend in their last moments, trying so desperately to remember their smile, anything but the look of disappointment and betrayal that they last showed him when they parted ways?
“So, you’re the new suit huh? I wonder why Tony wanted me to look at you...” He said in a somewhat confused tone.
“And why should I do that, Richards?”, Steve asked coldly, getting out of bed, drenched in sweat. Nobody was meant to know that he would wake up screaming from the vivid nightmares, from seeing Tony’s face over and over again, blood covering most of his once alive body, his suit of armour completely ruined.
“Sometimes you just have to grab the bull by the horns”, Steve replied as he ran behind him, jumping on the man’s back, trying to hold on him as he shook himself to throw the soldier off.
Steve looked at him with a look that said that this wasn’t up for discussion, taking off the top of his uniform and replacing it with a dark grey shirt, his dog tags hitting against each other and making a light jingling noise.
Tony was surprised that it took Steve so little time to understand exactly what he enjoyed. But if Tony thought about it, they had been together for a couple of days now, and each other’s company just seemed so natural, not forced like others. He let out a pleased sound, a soft whine as he felt Steve's mouth closing around his sensitive nipple.
“You’ve already done enough, son of Ares. You will lead the Gods to a war amongst themselves if you carry on courting the son of Athena, and that is not advisable.”
Steve furrowed his eyebrows a little. “I am a man of justice; I cannot let you spare us favours. There is always a price for kindness,” he explained. “You said you enjoy what we do? Did I make a mistake?”
The children used to shout names, obviously getting told off afterwards by their parents, but still, that didn’t stop them. So he was afraid of being yelled at, of being bullied.
Steve nodded. “I prefer being Steve, rather than the inquisitive man, the warrior,” he said, reaching over and cupping the side of Tony’s face to give him a friendly pat on the cheek. “I enjoyed watching the play too, and the market. And this.”
“I.. meant every single thing I said, I swear..“ Steve replied, attempting to approach the man on the floor.
Tony’s moves weren’t so elegant, and he had to swallow hard and shake his head when Steve talked to him, surprised that Steve wasn't asking him to leave. “What? Uh, no, not at all, I’ve came here before on my own, just not too often,” he replied as he moved to the edge and stepped into the warm water too, being careful to keep his distance from Steve. “I saw no need to come here since I’ve been sharing baths for all my life.”
Meanwhile, Tony was out in the wild, not caring that the cold of the night would bring out predators; he would give anything to keep his mind busy, to keep him thinking of anything but the way they had held each other just a few hours ago, and the sadness in Steve's eyes later.
With a blink of his eyes, he did as he was told, rushing to change and put on a Christmas sweater with Santa Claus hats all over it, laughing out loud when he saw Steve wearing his own, not surprisingly full of stars.
“That was..too easy”, he admitted. “It doesn’t usually go down like this, there’s gunfight, a pursuit-”
“You erased my memories… All of you, you gave the final call… Didn't you? You’re not any better than the tyrants we’re fighting against, not better at all. I had only one condition; to be present, to watch over those meetings, but you just had to get rid of me, haven’t you? All those promises, everything that you told me about is fighting together, united against the common threat… All those were lies… Isn't that right, brother?”
Tony couldn’t help but be surprised, but he smiled right away. Yes, he expected Steve to be ignorant when it came to the technology of those days, but he didn’t forget who he was, surely operating a coffee machine wasn’t rocket science.
With a slow movement, he put one leg in front of the other, and then another, he repeated the slow movements until they felt more natural and found himself a few steps in front of the bed.
“We have freedom, we’re not slaves!” Tony said indignantly, even if Steve's words made him consider questioning it. “We have all the rights...well, the Helots don’t...but we have full Spartan rights, and we’re raised to believe that that’s what really matters. We express ourselves, it’s just not the same way you do."
There was silence, Tony could hear the Avengers sighing in relief, smiling to Steve once he flew next to him.
“It’s as though you’ve never laid your eyes upon an Athenian before,” Steve said calmly, brushing his hair back into a neat quiff-like style, easily styled by the water.
“You said that you’re leaving for New York?”, Steve asked as he picked up the torn uniform and kept it close to him.
“Yeah”, he heard Tony saying to someone over the phone. “Some extra clothes and that pizza that I mentioned, asap”
Steve laughed, kissing the top of Tony’s head lightly. “Do you wish to stay with me still? Even if I return?”
As soon as the gods disappeared, they all started to chat, saying a few last things to each other, Bruce accepting Tony’s offer to pass by the Stark Tower, Clint and Natasha suddenly talking about some top secret SHIELD missions they were going together, and next thing he knew, Tony was standing opposite Steve.
“I owe you, son of Ares. I want my people to be safe, that’s why I came here. I said I would teach you to be more human too, is my teaching not enough?”
“I’m coming, Tony”, he said as he realised that his shield was nowhere to be found; most likely back to his quarter in the Tower, where he had left him before he set foot in Brooklyn. That was his plan, head back to the main part of the city, retrieve his shield and look for Tony. Giving the apartment one last look, he ran down the stairs and into the empty streets.
“You changed the way I think regarding many things,” Tony admitted. “You know, you might have been true that you Athenians think in a more revolutionary way.”
Steve held Tony closer, slowly drifting into a deep sleep, comforted by the warmth next to him. He felt the small movements of the man, the closer he would get, the more he would cling throughout the night. Steve didn’t know how their bond was formed so quickly, despite their arguments, but it was clearly one that was meant to be.
Tony didn’t expect that kind of reaction, but he rubbed the back of his head, Jarvis already projecting the nearest route to the cemetery from the Tower. “Are you sure about that..?”
The tension started to heat up, and next thing they knew they were arguing hard, yelling at each other. Everyone had something to say, something to use against each other.
Reed’s voice was heard in the distance and made Steve snap out of his thoughts. The sight in front of him was unbearable and took its toll on him, even Reed could tell.
Steve bit lightly down on the skin of his neck, pushing his chest up against Tony’s as he shut his eyes, and Tony was taken off guard by the pleasant surprise of Steve's teeth, letting the man do as he pleased, closing his own eyes and focusing only on rubbing his hands on Steve’s back, enjoying the sudden show of affection that he was receiving.
Where was the new Sherriff though? Tony was more than just curious; he needed to see who ol’ Fury sent down to him, and judge him himself. It was getting late, and soon he would have to get Thor up again and throw every drunk guy who wanted to start a fight outside. He needed no pistol; he could snap a man’s neck before the other put his fingers near the trigger. He was a kind giant, but lethal when he had to be, and that’s why Tony was keeping him around in first place.
For that second, Steve saw his life flash before his eyes, and he held Tony’s hands tightly as he kept his eyes on him, dropping to his knees by Tony’s feet. He looked up, staring at Tony and staring up, his hands untangling from Tony’s grip as he reached up for him, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth with wide blue pleading eyes.
“They’re clean towels on the closet, you’ll find clothes there too”, he called as he rushed down the hallway.
“Don’t overdo it! Give him another one to stabilise the pulse”, he commanded once he saw the soldier’s body tensing, the heart rates starting to rise up; there was no doubt about it, he managed to survive and maybe, they could even wake him up. “Step away now!”, he called, moving closer and being careful not to slip in the melt water surrounding the metal bed.
Tony was still working on believing that the Captain, the man that has been by his side and in his bed for so long was finally letting him see him like that, in such a desperate state, cheeks bright red and wet lips, his mouth wide open as he was letting out those sweet moans that Tony adored already, but then again, it was difficult not to love everything about the man he adored and idolised.
“I... Don’t want to be alone again.” Steve said, “I do want to return home but. It’s going to be lonely.”
“And what exactly have you been doing out here?”, Steve asked him, aiming to gather as much information as he could before they flew back to his home, or at least, what part of it survived after all those years. He was prepared for the incoming changes, or hoped that he was. He didn’t have enough time to gawk over all the new technology and items that were in front of him, he couldn’t afford time to lose, he needed to get back on track.
“What do you mean? Don’t give me that ‘chose one’ clichéd talks now, I'm not buying it.”, Tony replied, backing away from Steve.
Steve kept his head turned. He hated that if he spoke up then he would probably be corrected again, and he was very stubborn in his ways. He shook his head instead of dignifying Tony with an answer, keeping his nose held high in the air out of pure pride.
Reed was speechless, the only sound that was still audible in the room was Steve’s heavy panting. He probably broke a finger or two, not that it mattered, the serum would heal them soon enough. It was kind of a curse, to be unable to punish himself completely, to see your body taking every hit and healing itself, with no scars or wounds to remind him of his actions and their consequences. But just for once, the corpses in the room next door were a constant reminder of his failure, and upon hearing Kang’s words, he realised just how much bigger that was. So much bigger than the argument between him and Tony, with their personal feelings getting in the way.
Tony looked up at him, always looking for that kind of approval. He didn't want to hurt Steve, or scare him away when he'd been so expressive lately. “Steve?” he asked in a husky voice, his other hand moving up to rub those naked shoulders as he admired the man’s structure and pale skin. “Is everything all right?"
“Then that’s all the reason I need to go to Athens," Tony nodded, leaning forward to place a gentle kiss on Steve’s cheek. “Looks like I’m coming with you.”
Tony shrugged. “Well, it’s been two or three years now. One of the downsides of being the heir to one of the most successful companies for years now, huh? You always have people going after your head. Can’t trust anybody, really, I should have known better”
Tony smiled to him, kissing him softly in return, lacing their fingers as he enjoyed Steve's company. “I just wish that I met you sooner."
Tony fluttered his wings, flying up close to Steve. “And if you’re not excited yet for tomorrow night...here’s a little taste of what you could expect..”
“If it's answers that you seek of go ahead, you shall receive them, if I deem it appropriate,” Tony replied. “But know this well, if you ask to cease this war, I wouldn’t waste my spit in your face, and the answer is still no. And saying that you can’t foresee fate, when you imply that you’re the son of a goddess, doesn’t really sit with me well, Athenian. I can ask the fates themselves and learn everything that I want to know, and I’m sure that they will predict your demise,” narrowing his eyes as Steve didn’t seem to react to his movements.
But there was something about this man that made him want to try. Tony seemed to actually want to help, but Steve’s paranoia wouldn’t allow him to listen. But that kiss, that gentle touch of Tony's lips against his skin, had been enough to change his mind somehow.
“You’re coming with me?”, Tony asked, blinking. “I think you should stay down with Pepper until I’ve taken care of that guy..”
“I think it is about time I educate them in our ways,” Steve said. “We have been waging war for far too long, I do not wish for this feud to last much longer. Perhaps if their knowledge were expanded, then a ceasefire could be reached.”
He’s been talking about him? The thought made his heart flutter slightly, but scolded himself straight away; pull yourself together, Rogers, this isn’t about your wishful thinking or whatever, Tony Stark is simply interested in this project, not you. He needed to argue with himself a bit more, since when he developed the slight interest about Tony Stark?
“He was an idiot”, Tony said after a pause, much to Steve’s surprise. “He tried to take on Loki all alone, he didn’t wait until someone more qualified was available, that was stupid”
Steve took the coat and looked at it for a moment, before placing it over his shoulders and covering his mouth with the scarf that Tony also handed him.
Steve smiled proudly, placing his most beloved possession back from where he had retrieved it. “I’m honoured you say such things,” he said, picking up his helmet which was a faint blue. The metal had been tinted as it was made, with large silver wings either side and he put it on, turning to look at Tony. “I tend to like being around my items of protection,” he said proudly.
“You trust a complete stranger to sleep on the same floor as you do? And you’re willingly giving him access to so many things?”, Steve asked.
“No, no!” Tony replied quickly, shaking his head – and then he lowered his eyes, wondering how his confession would be met. “I don’t want to be remembered as a demon, I want to do something good, something great.”
“You couldn't what? Find a way to stop this? No, you and the rest, you took the easy way out, as always.” His tone was still calm, but Tony could tell that this was going to change.
There was a large iceberg in their way, but what made it more interesting, were the spare parts of machinery that were scattered around it. That caught Tony’s attention; anything that had to do with pieces of machinery was his expertise. He jumped off the vehicle despite the rest of his crew's protests, marching carefully towards the first pieces, kneeling down on the ice and trying to take it out.
“Huh..”, Tony muttered as he pulled close a chair, sitting and waiting. The possibilities that came to the surface the more he thought that the Captain was alive were killing him. He could learn so much, find out more about history by a man who lived it, actually converse with a living legend, his own hero. It was too overwhelming, and he found himself hitting his hands on his knees in anticipation. There were no promises, but everyone was doing their best to revive the fallen hero, to bring him back to life, but even if that was achievable, there was no doubt that things needed to be taken care of, such as the shock that would probably overtake the soldier when he would wake up. Tony protested when tranquilizer guns were brought in the picture, but he knew that he had to comply; maybe the Captain could be dangerous, not because he wanted to, once he opened his eyes and saw where he was.
Tony noticed Steve’s nod and carried on anyway, wanting to make sure that Steve really was ready for him, for what was going to come afterwards. “Just hold on to me," he said as he pulled his fingers out, giving Steve another reassuring kiss before repositioning himself, helping Steve up so he could use his palms as extra support, himself getting a grip of his hips. “It’s all right. All is all right. I promise," he said, before bringing his length close to Steve’s entrance.
“You like deals, then? All right, here’s another one; you stay and think about my offer to help, and I won’t say a word about your city or your people. Like a proper pupil.” He offered his hand again. “My turn to give you my trust.”
“I’ll try to.. It’s going to be..a long day”, Steve agreed, rubbing the back of his head. “Thank you for this, Tony.. I mean, for all of this, not just the lunch and the company”. Words were never his forte, actions did it for him; he could talk and give inspiring words to his platoon, but when it came to talking about some kind of feelings, he would just lose it. But then again, that was strange, there were no feelings included in this, it was just him trying to thank Tony for what he had done so far for him, nothing else, or so he thought.
“Feels good to finally say it.. huh?”, Tony said as he wrapped his arms around the soldier; this was better than he ever dreamt of, and he did dream about it too much.
Steve tilted his head up ever so slightly to try and kiss him, but he was far too weak. Instead he just brushed their lips together and shut his eyes. “Together...” he whispered, finally falling limp as the blood pooled around him from his wound, his arm resting over Tony as his life slipped away.
“Really?” Tony asked with a soft chuckle. “I kind of want to witness that, I bet it’s not as bad as you make it to be.”
“What the hell was that about?”, Tony demanded to know, still standing on the same spot that he was, before the wall lowered.
Steve nodded, grabbing one of the scrolls before it fell from his arms. Tony reached out for the scroll too, though he found Steve’s reflexes faster than his own.
“Violence is always pointless,” Steve said shaking his head again. “I’m trying to educate you, Spartan, but if closed minds would rather be stuck in their own ways then so be it. I would love to see your men try and kill me where I stand, and fail.”
“Home sweet home, right?”, Tony replied, but the tone of irony in his voice was strong. “You ain’t seen nothing yet.. this is why we’re trying to save this world, Steve. Before it’s too late, as you can see from up here”
“I’ll bring you some later, if you want, I’m sure I can get something that’s more of your style”, Tony confirmed as he hesitantly opened the door. Steve looked so lost, even though he did his best to try and hide it, and now that they were completely alone, Tony wanted to talk to him, comfort him, offer him any possible help. He knew very well how it felt to want and preserve your pride, and something told him that Steve was doing the same right now, and wanted to be left alone.
“Sure, sure, Steve”, Tony laughed as he let his back rest against the couch, eating and just enjoying himself with Steve.
Little by little, Tony finally managed to fit himself inside, gasping against Steve's skin. He was already wound up at the heat of Steve's body, at what he was doing to Steve. “Are you ready?” he asked, wanting Steve’s permission before thrusting inside.
“I've been working on this day and night for the last couple of days, trying to find out what happened to them…”, Reed said as he rubbed his shoulder, walking over to the other door and sliding it open with the press of another couple of buttons.
“Gone shopping, will see you tonight. A note, really? Not a text?”, Tony read out loud from the piece of paper on Steve’s pillow. Still, there was something so endearing in the way Steve insisted on leaving notes around the mansion, almost always accompanying his text with little drawings here and there. He didn’t know it, but Tony was keeping every single one in a folder in his closet. Some of them were embarrassing, sure, but every single one meant something to Tony, no matter how unimportant Steve would consider it.
He was scared of being picked on, especially by someone who had such a sharp tongue. As a child, he was picked on. Not directly, but he'd been isolated because he was clearly different, not only in appearance due to his straight long hair and pale skin, but because he was a demigod.
Falcon folded his arms, shaking his head and letting out a swift sigh. “You have much faith for men who are considered to be stubborn and pig-headed, and they are children of Ares, Steve.”
The Avengers were assembling again, but this time around, they would do things their way. Him and Steve would co-lead the team, and something told him that he was going to enjoy this new partnership.
The ride outside the centre of Buenos Aires was mostly quiet and uneventful, they were mostly chatting and admiring the scenery until they reached a point which made it clear that they had to carry on moving on foot.
“From what I’ve gathered, you’re close friends too, you don’t simply have a professional relationship”, Steve raised an eyebrow.
“I didn’t know.” Steve said shaking his head, his long blonde locks moving with the simple head movement. “I thought you have a different custom here, you said we were friends.”
Steve didn’t want to break the kiss, he was eager to keep their tongues moving together, tilting his head into it and sucking Tony’s tongue into his own mouth. He pushed his body against Tony’s, feeling the coldness of his medallion through the fabric of the clothing against his chest.
Tony nodded, getting to his feet and taking their supplies with him again, glancing at the view once more. “Lead the way to the chariot then.”
“We were all expecting you, Herr Rogers. Even though I’m surprised that you are all alone, where is Stark?”, Zola’s voice was heard, stepping on the front with an annoying, taunting smile across his small face.
“Star Trek, huh? You’re learning”, Tony chuckled. “I grew up watching that series.. I wouldn’t mind going up in space and meeting up with a couple of aliens, to be honest”
Tony met his eyes, part of him knowing that he was bound to put on his strong face and just be the Captain that Tony was so used to in his eyes.
Steve blinked; the need for companionship was there, the choice between going home alone and spending the night with someone who seemed to understand him and show interest in him didn’t make it hard for him to decide. He nodded as he approached Tony, his arms stretching so he could fit him into his embrace.
Walking up the stairs proved to be a bit difficult, but he refused to take the elevator, wanting to test himself. He eventually got there, and when he stepped into his new home, he saw it from a completely different point of view. He felt nice, warm, for the first time in months, glad to be alive.
“It is.” Steve said, his eyes on Tony, watching the drops of water sparkle as they skimmed across his skin, as they danced down his body, “but there are many beautiful people in this world, and I fail to compare to them.”
“But you drew me so well, I hardly saw anyone with such skill before in my life,” Tony said excitedly, waving his hands to emphasize his point. “And the way you wield your shield; those skills were just fascinating."
Back in the Helicarrier, Loki was put under custody, but much  to everyone’s annoyance, he didn’t seem to be worried about this at all. Thinking like the soldier he was, Steve tried to gather as much information he could, especially from Thor to plan their next move, and it was then that Tony Stark walked inside the bridge, acting like he owned the god damn place. Steve threw him a couple of sharp looks as he demonstrated his excessive knowledge in a flashy way, immediately hitting it off with Bruce Banner, as they were going to work together. There was something however, that bugged Steve. This man had no intention to actually act like one of the rest; he wanted to be in charge. The way he paraded around, showing off, not respecting any of them and acting like he was best than the rest just annoyed him.
Tony was trembling when he wiped his mouth clean; his stomach was tied in knots, his heart wanted to jump out of his chest, he wanted to close his eyes and think that all this was part of a gruesome nightmare. And so he did, pinching his arm, but upon realising that all this was real, he almost threw up again. “All of them… are dead…?”, he asked in a low, barely audible voice.
“Yeah, that’s why you emptied them didn’t you? You threw that guy off the ship!”, Tony snapped. “We don’t know if he was actually an enemy, he could be mind-controlled like Barton. Great way of showing off what a great hero you are, Rogers”. That part did make a bad impression to him. Having Steve lecturing him earlier on about being a hero and seeing him doing that did provoke him.
“This is impressive”, Steve said, able to tell that this was indeed revolutionary technology. “So you just talk to it..Ask it different things?”
“We can have this little secret between us,” Tony said with a nod. “What do you say? Just let happen naturally. No rules, no customs.”
Tony watched him as he started to gather his scrolls, the same scrolls they had read together just a short time before. He didn’t want Steve to leave, but Steve seemed eager to go now that Tony told him his people would be saved anyway, that Steve didn’t owe him anything. He tried to convince himself that perhaps it was better this way, but he couldn't believe it. He stood up and looked around, not knowing how to act. “So you’re leaving?”
“Uh.. Can you find the whereabouts of some people? I don’t know if they changed names or where they are..”
Steve sighed in relief as a red haired woman walked towards him, her bright red heels echoing on the marbled floor.
“We must learn while our minds are fresh,” Steve said, sitting up and adjusting to the grip around his waist, “while Apollo still rides his chariot across the sky; his presence will bless us.”
If there was one thing Tony Stark loved, it was to be in control no matter the circumstance. However, his time with Steve Rogers meant that he had to put that thought to the backburner and actually consider being submissive, after all, the man was a Captain, a super soldier who was used to good old morals and certainly wasn’t used to being with other men. Their relationship had advanced to a point where they were sleeping with one another, but Tony always took the more submissive role to make Steve feel comfortable. He had it stuck in his head that he had to be a man, and thus had to have the role of one. That was the only thing about their relationship that Tony had a problem with, considering he was pretty headstrong himself and he was doing his best to accommodate his partner, and he expected the feeling to be reciprocated, but no matter what he tried Steve would always end up on top or nothing would happen at all.
“I just think that the time we’ve had together despite our differences, has been very eye opening,” he murmured.
Steve placed his other hand on Tony’s waist, sliding it down. “How do you manage to be so alluring, Spartan?” he asked softly.
“You fell from the sky. Where on Earth have you been?”, Steve asked, making sure that Tony didn't have any further injuries. “Pepper and Rhodey are downstairs, they’re getting some coffee, I offered to stay here in case you would wake up. You gave everyone a good scare, you know, you've been gone for over a month.”
Tony sighed in satisfaction. “Not bad,” he said as he leaned forward to kiss Steve's lips softly, “not bad at all."
Yes, he was right, Tony was gone, for good this time. He was right, this was feeling harder than he thought he would; he really got used to having that alternative version of Tony there with him, and even though it might not have been his Tony, he was already a good friend. Another friend who was gone.
The room was dark, Steve couldn’t exactly tell what it was, but when he made a couple of cautious steps, a single light went on, his eyes widening at the sight in front of him.
“I was told that you wanted to see me. Before you say anything, I’m sure you know that I turned down many job positions since I came back.”
Tony moved back a little, dragging Steve down with him as he kept their lips connected, not wanting them to part. He had enjoyed Steve’s teaching and company throughout the day, but this felt so different. He wanted all of this as much as he wanted Steve to teach him more.
Steve nodded lightly, not wanting to part his lips from Tony’s skin as he smoothed his hand up and down the man’s sides.
“I’m not claiming that I have changed,” Tony corrected, “I’m asking for a proper chance to prove myself. A real chance to change. You set the rules this time.”
“Tony, it’s me, Steve… Calm down…”, the voice replied again, and this time the large man knelt down, the light coming through the corridor window making it clear that the person there was indeed Steve Rogers. His blue eyes were tired but filled with concern nevertheless. He was still wearing his uniform and had a bag on his back, most likely having just returned.
“Well they don’t know what they've been missing,” Tony said with a shake of his head, amused by how Steve's attitude had changed. “It felt so right when I kissed you. And when you kissed me.”
“I do? I thought I knew you, Steve but.. why, how do you know what’s right and what’s wrong? We’re not even halfway there, Steve and you’re ready to give up. Neither of us know how love feels, but if I were to talk I would.. I would say it feels like this”, he replied, gripping his shirt, his hands close to his heart, hitting the arc reactor be accident, a constant reminder that his heart didn’t seem to work like everyone else’s did.
Tony rubbed the back of his head; Steve seemed to be way smarter and capable of what he gave him credit to be, and he scolded himself for that. After all, he was
“My shield?” Steve said, laughing at Tony's enthusiasm. “Well it is practically a part of me now, I’m very attached.”
Trying to continue with his regular duties, his mind kept drifting back to his failure from the night before.
“I don’t?” Tony replied, returning the glare. “Why is that? People have given that title to both of us, you know.”
“Well, in our case… we did argue and exchanged some… not so kind words. But he’s a good leader. He might be stubborn and hard to deal with, but he’s a good, decent guy. I haven’t seen him in so long, but he shook hands and parted ways in good terms.”, he nodded.
Steve smiled even more, his dimples on full display as he curled his arms around Tony too, trying to keep him just as warm.
“They won’t shoot at you, if that’s what you’re wary of”, he pointed out, taking another look at the blonde who walked next to him, his jaw clenched.
“I’ll give you a guided tour and show you to your room, don’t worry. But you’re free to explore the tour on your own, just try to stay away from the labs.. otherwise, just help yourself”, Tony said as he walked ahead, turning around to make sure that Steve was following him.
“Is this… some kind of sick joke…?”, Steve asked between gritted teeth, feeling so close to throwing up, swallowing down heavy.
“It does, I suppose,” Steve said, gently pulling his hand back to rest it against his own side, but not before taking his time to admire the way Tony’s eyes fluttered shut, feeling soft breath dance along his skin. “Your men are probably inquiring after your whereabouts.”
“Back off!”, Steve said angrily, shoving Tony’s hand from his shoulder as soon as he felt his touch, not wanting anything to do with him.
Tony turned around to face him, not saying a word, just holding his hand as long as Steve wanted him to do it. He wasn’t the best when it came to comforting people, but that need to take care of Steve was so strong and he needed to console him, make him feel a bit better.
“Talk. You know, justtalk, most of the time. The children perform sometimes, recite war stories...we have many athletic events as well," he said and Steve nodded.
Tony stretched a  little and finally set off, letting Steve lead the way while walking close to rivers, stopping to rest from time to time and carry on, always chatting on their way to Athens about all kinds of things and experiences.
That’s when Steve first noticed how reckless this man was. Not accepting to work as a team, take no advice from the others. He shook his head in frustration, grabbing a parachute and getting ready to jump. It was quite the bad start, and his leader instincts were being tested. When he finally reached the battlefield, the situation was out of hand: Thor and Iron Man were fighting, destroying everything in their path.
“I hope they do, I wouldn’t want to see your efforts wasted,” Tony said with a nod, adding quickly, “I mean, it would be a shame, wouldn't it? We are supposed to lead the way but it gets so hard sometimes.”
Tony could have sworn that the battlefield was slowing down, that all he could really see was Steve and the confusion and despair in his eyes, standing there watching him as people were slaying each other around them in a battle that they couldn’t stop. “Steve!” he cried, even though he wasn’t even sure if he could be heard, and then one of the Athenian spearmen managed to get past him, dropping him to his knees.
“You don’t understand anything, you don’t get the bigger picture, you’re only fighting for yourself right now, aren't you? We’re keeping you here because you’re important, because we’re the only people who can protect you!”
Tony heard his words and couldn’t really reply, what was he going to say anyway when Steve clearly made his point? He had pride, Spartan pride, and if someone didn’t wish for him to be his associate, he wouldn’t plead for it.
Steve heard the jingle of the medallion around Tony’s neck as he moved closer to rest on Steve again, and he relaxed a little, his heart slowing back to its normal pace without the fear of having to go further than this. “I’m sorry...” he murmured, looking down at Tony.
Steve nodded. “But I have never slept alongside anyone before,” he confessed, looking at Tony’s lips to see them curl into a smile. He seemed so happy, just like when they had been at the amphitheatre.
Steve blushed slightly. “I appreciate the compliment, though you aren’t particularly hard on the eyes yourself. No wonder the women fawn over you.”
“I can knock you down without a drop of blood. I do not succumb to blood lust, like you,” Steve said, taking a step back and holding his shield in front of him.
When he first told Steve about it, Steve laughed, admitting that to him, Tony smelled like sweet watermelons. It was a nice memory, and Tony remembered how they had a lot of those, like the first time they slept together, a soft song starting to play from the living room when they were both hugging each other, Steve turning around to Tony with a blush on his face. “
He disliked fighting, but there was something about a threat against his home that would trigger it, no matter how much he tried to harness it in his training. He couldn’t imagine the thought of losing everything he had - his friends, family and home - and being surrounded instead by death and desolation. It hurt him.
Tony nodded, and Steve smiled, moving through the water to reach Tony's side. “Well,” he said, giving him a kiss on the cheek, “I like being around Tony. This Tony.”
“And do you say that you didn’t do the same? That you wouldn’t defend your city with your life at all costs? I don’t kill for fun, Athenian, and neither do my people."
“What you search for, they are questions that I don’t know the answer to. Pray hard, Spartan, you may eventually find what you seek,” he said, slowly letting go of Tony’s shoulders to look down at him, his heart feeling heavy with guilt. He hated men who were proud, and yet he was proud himself. But one day he knew he would be able to get past his own pride. Tony’s was another matter entirely.
Not once he thought that the legs looked abnormal or scary- he was just glad to be able to walk again and in their way, he knew that they looked..beautiful. Looking at the shower, he then looked back at his legs, not wanting to risk anything and ruin them. He smiled at the sight of them again as he stepped inside the bedroom, heart beating faster as he changed into looser clothes and for the first time in forever got into bed on his own. The wheelchair that he used for so long was in the corner of the room, and he got out of bed, putting it inside the closet, before drifting off to sleep.
Steve’s eyes widened; those kind of words weren’t carelessly thrown around, or at least weren’t supposed to be, but this was Tony they were talking about. His friend, the one person that gave him a home in this strange world he woke up to. Maybe discovering with him what he really felt about the billionaire wasn’t a bad idea at all, not when that kiss almost lit a fire inside him. That was probably it, he held a torch for that guy right there, with his fancy jacket and beard that has been by his side all those years in this strange second life he was living.
“I wasn’t leaving, I was going to pull a chair closer..”, Steve reassured him, and Tony nodded, patting the bed.
Shaving felt so much nicer, as as him brewing coffee and sitting on the breakfast bar, eating his piece of toast and catch up with the news. Of course Tony was featured in them, apparently there was a press conference that he was going to hold and announce “a new direction for Stark Industries.” He patted his legs, getting himself ready for the day. Tony gave him directions to the Tower, but of course he was going to be able to spot the giant Tower from miles away.
“Pray to your own father, not my mother. She helps those who deserve her help, those who are pure and loving and wise,” Steve said firmly once more.
Steve Rogers appeared in his life like one of those god damn missiles he had to deflect every now and then. And according to Tony, he would rather deal with 10 of them instead of having actual feelings over a real person. Too much trouble for Tony to handle.
“Like I said, the booze’s on me, but don’t abuse that”, Tony said, adding a small laugh to indicate that he was in fact joking, standing up and fixing his waistcoat. Even if Steve tried not to pay attention, Tony was indeed a fine man, someone that all the ladies in town would swoon over. Who was he kidding; they probably did every night he sat down by the bar.
Taking a deep breath, he started changing into the star spangled outfit, putting on the bright red gloves and boots, looking at his reflection on the dusty mirror before pulling up his cowl, covering part of his face.
Tony didn’t know what Steve could possibly be shopping that would keep him outside all day, and it was Christmas Eve after all. He frowned a bit as he got ready and had his breakfast, wandering around to check if everything was in order for tomorrow being the big day of the year for them. They never got a break when it came to their superhero lifestyles, so a rare moment of peace was always appreciated, trying to seize the opportunity to spend time together, and yet there he was, standing alone in the same room as the huge Christmas tree.
“You show no interest. I have learned that you wish not to learn from those you look down upon, and how you consider yourself superior to the inferior cities that you wish to crush so relentlessly. I do not wish to be in your presence any longer. I have cities that wish for me to teach them, I will go to them. Now if you please.”
Tony was taking every second to imprint Steve’s face and figure in his head, ear and cheeks so red, soft pants and moans still audible, Steve clearly not enjoying the fact that Tony pulled away from him. “Yes sir, that goes inside you”, he said, hiding a soft chuckle behind his words, eager to have Steve sitting on him and to test the suit’s real purpose. The fingers moved to hold on Steve’s hip and help him position himself, nodding to him reassuringly.
“Because you’ve earned it,” Tony replied honestly. “You showed me the error of my ways back there, you were right. I shouldn’t practise what was used against me. And I’ll keep that in mind”
Tony wasn’t sleeping, he couldn’t shut an eye after realising what the implications of having Steve there would be. For years now, Rhodey, and later Pepper joined in as well, would tease and question his love for Captain America. They would comment on it in amusement, call him a typical fan boy, but to Tony, it was way more than that. What he thought to be a kid obsession turned out to be something he would carry for a lifetime, and that room where he kept all the Captain America merchandise, and the memorabilia he acquired later, was kept a secret. Captain America marked him and helped him during his early years, and even as an adult, he would seek refugee to his stories and great achievements, get inspired by him.
“What? What is it now?”, Steve growled, trying his hardest not to look back at Tony laying dead on the cold, metal table.
Tony raised his hand, as if he was trying to catch Steve back, his fist closing tightly as the men set off. But not before he had met Steve’s eyes yet again, seeing the pain, disappointment and betrayal in them. He had never felt so guilty before in his life. He had killed before, he had destroyed homes, and yet breaking Steve’s heart seemed far worse. “I love you,” he said in a low voice as his eyes met the ground, shaking in frustration, letting out a loud cry and dropping on his knees, remaining there for a moment before grabbing a spear and running from the city.
“We’re better than them and the Athenians combined. And mark my words; we will be the strongest city in the whole of Greece any time soon. The others will come kissing our feet, begging to get a glimpse of the glory of our walls," he hissed as he pushed back his ebony hair, and rubbed his bearded chin, getting his weapons together to follow Rhodey to the main gates, eager to get rid of the new stranger.
“Your father and my mother are one and the same,” he said. “They both like to ensure we follow their plan. They give us gifts, but we have debts to pay.”
“You know who I am, come on… Is this some kind of joke the Avengers are pulling on me? It’s really lame, by the way, come on Capsicle, drop the tough guy act.”
“Tony, Tony, Tony.. You arrived last night and didn’t even bring me a souvenir or made a call? That’s now how you were raised now, were you?”, the old man said with such a fake smile that made Steve instantly clench his fists in defence. His beard wasn’t as carefully trimmed as Tony’s, and his suit didn’t seem to fit him as well as Tony’s; in over all he seemed really pretentious and he didn’t like it, the patronising sound in his voice confirming that.
“Tooth Fairy!”, the man shrieked as he was released, only because Steve wasn’t sure if he was dreaming or hallucinating.
Tony nodded, making sure forgotten anything, and walked towards Steve. “To Athens then," he said with an excited nod.
“I think I’m starting to piece things together,” Tony said with a cheeky smile, admiring Steve’s bashful reaction. “Why was it that pleasant?”
“Well, now you know,” Tony replied. “And you can take your earlier assumptions back. You’re not like any of my ‘women.’”
Steve was slightly taken back by the sudden burst of expression, falling quiet. He was never one for shouting. Even throughout all his time in the army, he would try his hardest not to shout. Since he had become a tactician rather than fight, due to his mother’s command, he began to withdraw whenever anyone decided to shout at him, which was not often at all. He quickly took a step away from Tony the moment Tony raised his voice, giving him a look of acknowledgement nonetheless.
His voice was heard in the distance now, and Steve slowly pulled away from the other man, watching him dissolve into the air.
Steve was taken back to Athens and locked in one of the rooms of the temple to pray for forgiveness. On his hands and knees, he pleaded to her for her help again, but received nothing in return trying so desperately to repent but his efforts were fruitless.
“Nothing at all?"  Tony said in a lower tone. “You can’t teach me how to talk, how to charm the crowds? How to act, how to draw, how to write? How to solve equations, recognize the constellations?” He wanted Steve know exactly what he wanted to learn from him. In a way, maybe Steve was right, maybe he was less cultivated and his savage side was stronger, but he wanted to change. He couldn’t just go to war and ruin a city that tried to help them, kill a man that saw past him in so little time. “You can’t teach me all that?” he asked again, his hand still raised.
Reed nodded slowly, turning his eyes on the screen again, but not before noticing that Tony eyed Steve when he had his back turned to him. He seemed to know who Steve was, but he couldn't identify what their relationship was; they could be mortal enemies for all he knew.
When Tony woke up, he didn’t want to disturb Steve; the man looked so peaceful and he couldn’t believe that they fell asleep like that. He wasn’t going to admit it, but that night he slept so peaceful, the disturbing nightmares not making an appearance to haunt him. He got up and started getting ready for the day, if the press conference was going to happen, he needed to look at his best at all times. Not wanting to make any further noise, he opened one of his laptops in his bedroom, surprised to find a mail from Zola, announcing that he would take over the press conference that day. Tony narrowed his eyes; that was his job, scientists weren’t meant for those things, they worked behind the scenes, he was the one to flash smiles in front of the cameras and throw one liners that would make them top quotes of the day. It was time to do some heavy investigating work; they didn’t call him a genius for nothing. For a top secret government organisation, they sure didn’t take into account that Tony was able to track them down and hack their data in seconds. Getting access into Zola’s email communication was a piece of cake; the more he started to go through his conversations with people, the more suspicious he became. There were some boring, normal conversations in German that he skimmed through, but things got interesting when he saw Steve’s name mentioned.
When Steve opened his eyes, he forgot that he fell asleep in first place. He remembered hugging Tony close, talking for endless hours about their life, enjoying the company of someone like he haven’t done in years. But now, Tony was nowhere to be found, Steve looked around worryingly, seeing nothing. Standing up, he walked across the room, trying to locate him or a message, anything that would tell him where he was hiding. He was a busy man, he knew that, but he guessed that calling him would distract him instead, maybe he was having one of those press conferences of his.
“Say ‘I’, it’s easy, give it a try”, Tony encouraged him, looking into the large blonde wolf’s eyes which didn’t seem to have been affected by the transformation.
Tony kept asking questions, asking where the famous philosophers were talking at that very moment, but Steve seemed eager to lead him back to the temple.
He pushed the two men out of the way, chasing after Steve and Falcon, only to spot the man spreading his wings, ready to fly away. “Wait! Listen to me!” he cried out.
Before he knew it, he was smothered in a different hug, kissed all over and carried to their shared bedroom, only to wake up the next morning to an empty bed.
“But you have now,” Tony insisted as he examined a spear nearby. “You showing up at Sparta wasn’t pointless. You already taught me a couple of things.”
When Howard passed away, it was up to his only heir, Anthony Stark to take over, to carry on his father’s work and give the world something else, something that his father couldn’t promise at the time. At first, it was easy for Tony. With his well beyond average intelligence and creativity, his visions of the future started to take shape; everything that seemed to belong in science fiction was being built right in front of everyone’s eyes, and Tony soon rose up as the most promising man for at least a couple of decades. He managed to save what his father strived to save, but still, not everything could be saved, which was a blow to such a perfectionist like Tony Stark.
“I’m here, I’m here with you don't worry," Tony kept repeating, knowing Steve needed the reassurance more than anything. He starting to scissor his way inside him, slowly at first but then settling with a nice pace, and he could feel Steve’s every movement under him - the way his muscles would tense, how his back would ache, feeling Steve's stomach concave where he was holding him. “Tell me when you’re ready.”
The rest of the crew had moved closer to him, some of them taking off their goggles to make sure that their eyes weren’t playing tricks to them.
“My gifts outweigh yours, Spartan. You threaten my people with such ease and with such a sharp tongue, I’ll be sure to put an end to that. My people will remain safe, that is a promise.”
“Steve. Steve! Stay with me, no!” he kept yelling, looking around for something, anything, that would save him. But he received no help. “No, no, this is not happening. I can help you, Steve..! Steve!” The blood from his hands dirtied the man’s golden mane as soon as he took of his majestic helmet, the colour draining from Steve's face.
“Wakey wakey, Tony”, a familiar voice was heard from the opposite direction, and Obadiah Stane appeared in the picture, a wide grin spread on his face. “How do you like the view? Pretty splendid, don’t you think?”, he asked as he turned to look at the city below them.
“How do you know about that?”, the blonde snarled, his eyes narrowed. Little that he known, it was a secret government experiment, the public didn’t know about the details, let alone the super soldier serum. But this fella did mentioned that they came with the government, didn’t he? The real question was, could he be trusted? Probably not, there were guns aiming at him right now.
“You need to come in terms with this… he didn't die because of you, Steve… he took responsibility of his actions-“
Tony listened to him intently, eyes widening at the large structure. People were already arriving and he was surprised when he was told that there was no entrance fee at all. “You know, I think my people could do with watching a play by Aristophanes, I heard they can be very enlightening. Oh, look! They're going to do the Birds! I heard that’s a good one," Tony said, unable to conceal his excitement any longer.
“I’m sorry about that..”, Tony said slowly, facing Steve who seemed reluctant of wanting to talk. “If you need to talk, I’m here to-”
Steve couldn’t help but scope the area again before tugging off his black belt with a silver star buckle and unzipping his trousers, slipping them off and letting the constricting feeling of the denim brush over his legs as he took them off, along with his shoes and socks, making sure they were neatly folded by his t-shirt. He stepped in front of the suit, in nothing but his black boxers with the ‘Stark Industries’ brand logo over the elastic of them, Tony had gotten them for him for Christmas and strangely they were a bit too tight, but Tony had always insisted that was the style nowadays and that he had to wear them more often to get used to the feeling.
Tony could feel the cold breeze against his face, opening his eyes slightly to look at his surroundings. “What…where..”, he muttered. The last thing he remembered was a hard knock on the head while he was getting ready for one of his board member meetings and a distant laugh. Right away, the only thing that came to his mind, was yet another kidnapping case, which didn’t help him calm down at all.
Well, too bad, Steve has been away for months, presumably to Russia, anywhere but the heart of New York where Tony was situated. They would talk sometimes, but he didn’t blame Steve for being so invested in his mission; he wasn’t trying to save just anyone, they were talking about his best friend being brainwashed. Tony tried to help, he would send Steve and Sam any intellect he could get his hands on, but besides that, there wasn’t enough time for chit chatting.
The heels of Steve's palms were digging into the bed as he threw his head back to the thrusts, feeling his body being pushed forward with the weight of them, his back tensing up. It was taking more and more effort to keep himself up and his hair swung messily as he opened his mouth, his eyes half lidded as he groaned loudly, still getting used to the feeling. But it was more about the bond, the fact that his man was inside him, that he found more pleasing.
Tony lowered his gaze, watching Steve’s tongue moving across his skin, giving him an encouraging smile. “Steve...” he said again, stroking the top of his head as Steve continued.
Steve nodded. “You are the son of Ares, and my mother should have no qualms about me sharing a bath with a demigod,” he said, stretching where he stood in the warm water.
Tony raised an eyebrow, offering his hand to Steve for a firm handshake. “Strong hand, then again, I didn’t expect any different. Tony Stark, I’m sure that you gathered that, but there’s no harm in introducing myself. I’m the man who funds this whole project. I don’t want to brag, but.. without my support, this would probably end up going down in flames.”
Needless to say, when Steve slipped in the bed during his first night, it made Tony jump. He wasn’t used to feeling so warm when spooning with Steve, but he got used to it. It was actually really sweet seeing Steve curled up on the end of the bed by the time he woke up, his huge tail wrapped around him protectively.
Tony couldn’t help but give in to this chance to be loved and love in return, even though Steve probably didn’t see it the same way that he did. They were friends above all, and that was what Tony saw them as. But he was starting to feel something, something he never felt before for anyone, just because he had let the young Athenian in, allowed him closer than anyone else.
The room was large, decorated with blood red banners and all kinds of gadgets – telescopes, machinery, all manner of things that seemed pieced together from things Steve almost recognized – as well as large containers of wine.
“Be careful with him, Steve. He might look like Tony a bit and share his name… but they’re not the same person.”, Reed replied as he gestured to Steve to follow him through a number of doors, a see through window cell separating them from who it seemed to be…Tony.
Tony looked at him with a little confusion. He didn't really care from anyone. Why should Steve be any different?  “These are public baths, Athenian,” he said. “We need no privacy for them. You know, we’ve been seeing each other training and bathing for years, it’s not really a big deal.”
“The terrace, of course. The best place to try this out”, Tony replied, the cool breeze greeting them once they stepped into the terrace. It was spacious, a nice small swimming pool was there, alongside some nice plants and small exotic trees.
“You’re welcome, after all, it’s not the first time that I took care of her, right?”, Tony said as he sat down by the nearby workshop bench.
Tony’s eyes lit up at the soft nod, and he nodded towards. He wanted them to move together because he wasn't going to move an inch away from Steve. Not now that they were together again, now that they had all the time in the world to dedicate towards each other.
“Where am I?”, he asked in a scruffy voice, which was normal considering that the man didn’t speak a word for so many years.
“Do you really believe that?” Tony asked him, going quiet for a while. “Do you believe that someone can’t change for the best? That a demon can’t be saved?”
Despite it all, he found himself perplexingly forming an amicable relationship with both the man who gave him a home and a new purpose in life, as well as his employee, a man who served as a teammate during the various Avengers missions, that he shared a life out in the battlefield and got into the toughest situations with, coming out on top with his help. It got even more confusing when during one of those training lessons, he ended up on the gym floor, with Tony Stark himself on top of him, proud smirks across both their faces.
“Affirmative, I’m programmed to follow your orders, sir”, Tony said. It was a white lie; it wasn’t anything important, right? Still, he pulled a face when Steve accepted the offer. He came up with this plan, so why was he disappointed when it was actually working? He took a deep breath and moved his fingers back on Steve again, the human like metal finger touching his bare back, rubbing his rear over the fabric.
Steve nodded. “Then... Farewell, son of Ares,” he said in a confused tone, not knowing what else to say as he took a couple of steps away from him and went on down the path.
A few hours later, he was left in the main entrance of a big apartment block. The driver, Stark’s employee was a happy looking man who loved to talk, he seemed to be interested in Steve’s military life.
“I’ll pass on that, mister. I’m not the type of fella who gets all roistered up”, Rogers replied, looking around for a bit.
“It’s a temporary solution”, Steve rushed to reply before Tony could even open his mouth. “Until I come up with something better”
“She lets me fight my own battles, what is the point of learning if not from experience?” he asked, keeping his eyes on Tony.
Steve stared, mesmerised and magnetised by the man who stood there. He had never felt his heart beat this way and he tried to convince himself that he was only there for the benefit of Athens, to protect his people, even though he wasn’t doing much to ensure their safety.
Tony stayed close, and Steve clearly wanted this as much as he did even though he'd just told said this was nothing more than friendship. Surely doing such intimate things with someone meant something more, at least in Tony’s eyes. But now wasn't the time to think about this. Steve had asked Tony to show him, so Tony tried to, lowering his hand to rub it across Steve’s chest, sliding their tongues together.
The sky was falling down. Dark clouds were surrounding him, he felt the burn of a thousand suns scorching his skin, even through the heavy suit of armour that always protected him; hiding in his suit, that’s what he always did, but this was about to change. It had to change.
“You know, you need to experience everything that you preach,” Tony said, taking Steve's hands in his own. “And if getting you to Sparta for now will set you free, I will do it. In fact, I’ll release you from everything that holds you back.”
Steve could feel his lower lip trembling, holding up his shield to knocking away a spear that was aimed at him. “You were more than that I fell in love with more than that!” he screamed back at him, eyes welling up as he pivoted on his foot to use his shield to knock away a Spartan that charged toward him.
Rather begrudgingly, he did end up removing his chest plate and then the rest of the armour. “If I had some music playing, maybe this would be more fun for both of us”, he half joked, earning a confused quick look from Steve, and he could have sworn that he did a double take once Tony was just in those white undies, before turning his attention to his shield once more.
“Well...Mr Stark turned a new page for Stark Industries when he came back from- you read about that, right?”
“Do you want me to stop?” Tony asked in a low voice as he pulled back, his mouth close to the other nipple.  But he was waiting for Steve’s reply first, before he did anything, and Steve looked at him.
Steve took a deep breath and stepped outside the car, looking at the gates and then at a flower vendor by them, walking up to him. “Can I have a bouquet of lilies, please?”, he asked him as the man picked out the flowers, and the blonde put his hand in his pocket to take out the money, finding nothing in them. Of course, how could he even possess any bucks anyway? Those weren’t his clothes, he didn’t have a wallet, he had nothing. He opened his mouth to explain himself, but a hand extended from behind him and paid, the vendor offering him the bouquet. Steve turned around and Steve held out the flowers to him.
Steve nuzzled Tony’s cheek. “I would like that,” he said, “but in Athens my only place to rest is within the temple, and I would much rather have our own.”
. Tony Stark was right there, battered up, bruised, beaten up bloody. His eyes were glassy, the once bright blue colour faded away.
Steve raised his hand from the water and gently rubbed Tony’s cheek, looking at him through the steam that rose from the bath. “I hope I see him more often, especially in front of your people,” he said. “He is no tyrant, not at all.”
“Of course your arrogance precedes you,” he said, stepping forward quickly and using his shield to shove Tony back.
Tony kept looking up, unable to prioritize anything but Steve’s comfort. He wasn't sure himself what this felt like, but he didn't want to hurt Steve by being clumsy. “I can stop if you want?” he asked, moving his hand up a little, further away from Steve’s front. “I can just kiss you all night long. Everywhere.”
“Celebrate? We both know that this is far from over.. despite your inspiring talk earlier”, Tony replied as he moved the object around his hands. “Anyway.. here, I thought that you might have wanted this back”, he added as he got the shield out of his bag and passed it to Steve, who got it and started to run his fingers across it.
Steve's thumb trailed along Tony’s beard, taking in the sight of the man before him. Many had considered him invincible, untouchable and yet Steve saw the damaged side to him, a side he could relate to, in a way. He saw the same loneliness there that he suffered from himself. “Tell me Spartan,” he murmured, “what else do friends do here?”
“Of course… I'm sorry, that was highly inappropriate of me to ask…”, he apologised, rubbing his forehead.
There were two boys gifted with the powers of the gods – demigods therefore - one known as the son of Athena and the other deemed the son of Ares. They were also burdened with the responsibilities to uphold the duties of their parents, watching over their people with care and love in the names of their parents, just as they would if they were fully fledged gods. They were treated as such, taken care of within the temples of their parents and having others cater to their every need.
“No, Tony.. I can’t do it, not now”, Steve said firmly, sticking to his ideas. “Just.. give me some time to think, all right? I’ll stay here for the time being, I’ll contact you when I’ll make my decision..”, he said as he stood up.
“Do you think that you’ve won, Tony? That is all over?”, the mutated man spoke in a strong, strangely horrific voice as he hit his giant arms on the ground.
“Uh, thanks?”, Steve muttered as he looked around; the gym was indeed huge, so many machines to choose from, he was so distracted that he almost didn’t spot Tony there. He looked different dressed in sweatpants and a tanktop rather than his usual sharp suits. He was clearly a man who worked out, Steve wouldn’t be able to tell with all his thick blazer that he was normally wearing.
With much more ease than before, Steve started hovering himself, getting a bit higher and giving Tony the thumbs up.
Maybe there was still hope to fix things up, and that’s when he started to see Steve again, have friendly conversations with, spend time together now that Steve wasn’t Cap anymore; Bucky still took over, and despite his protests, Steve insisted. Part of Tony could never see anyone as a replacement of his Captain, even though he learnt to work with Bucky well.
Steve got out of the bath, wrapping himself up quickly in his robe, tying it up and slipping his arms through. He knelt down for his sandals again and then stood straight, glancing over at Tony.
Tony gave him a look, watching him as he nodded at Steve's words. “You know, Aphrodite would disagree. To love and be loved in return is a great gift to humanity,” he said carefully. “I wouldn’t say that having genuine feelings for another person is going to plague you.”
Steve merely followed the older man; he learnt by now that he was way too passionate about certain things, and after his little adventure, discovering the room dedicated to his alter ego, he was convinced that Tony was truly fascinated by him. It felt nice, knowing that after all those years someone really believed in him and what he was standing for was an honour. “What are you..? I thought nothing worked in here..”, he asked in confusion, observing Tony pulling the machine apart and frowning.
“Sure thing”, Tony nodded as he put all the empty packages at side and watched the Captain giving him a small wave, heading back to his room. The next would have been eventful for the both of them, he was sure about it.
“Chill out, boss, no need for military talk if you don’t even know what you’re talking about”, a voice was heard behind him.
“And yet they are connected by blood,” Tony answered. “They have their disputes despite belonging to the same family. And you’re right; it’s time to do as we please for once. We’ve served them for so long, it’s time that we follow our own dreams, our own desires."
Even if he didn’t want to openly admit it, Stark was right. Something seemed off and he wouldn’t wait for him to find out, he had work to do on his own. And of course, he was right. Deep inside the Helicarrier’s armoury, he found weapons, weapons that brought nothing but bad vibes to him. He rushed back inside the lab, only to find Fury, Banner and Stark arguing. It wasn’t hard to figure out the topic of the argument.
“I'll always need to remind you how people in Sparta see me, won't I? I am the son of Ares, a supplier of weapons - weapons that kill and bring honour to us. I am a merchant of death and I can’t afford being soft around them or they’ll eat me alive,” Tony shrugged. “And yet you say it’s all right to have a softer side, that war isn’t always the answer, that is good to laugh every now and then and let your weapons down to sit and watch a play.”
Under normal circumstances he wouldn’t have stayed at all, but Tony was the son of a god, and that created a sense of leniency that Steve hadn’t expected in himself.
Tony woke up early the next morning, always used to his morning routine back in Sparta, careful not to wake Steve up when he realised that they were sleeping next to each other. He slowly let go and stood, glancing at the remnants of the fire before rummaging through his supplies to find his bow and arrow, along with a skinning knife. He walking into the wildness and found easy prey, killing and skinning the hare at the spot. When he came back, he setting a fire once again and began to cook the hare for Steve and himself. He walked over to the large section of plants, rubbing his fingers on the leaves to smell them, making sure that they could be used on their meal before carrying on with the cooking.
It took him a couple of minutes, but eventually Steve’s eyes went wide open, shoving Tony away. “Tony!”, he shouted, turning around, relieved to find him there. He breathed heavily, taking deep breaths and letting them out, pushing his hair back over and over again.
He unbuttoned his shirt slowly, and Steve could feel his heart stopping as he saw the deep vivid scars on his chest; scars from knives, he didn’t have to look at them twice to know that he has been knifed again and again; he knew very well which torture techniques were preferred.
“What?!”, Tony said, standing up and leaning over the sleeping soldier, who didn’t seem as peaceful as he did before.
Tony knew that something was wrong, but he couldn’t really tell what. His own reflex on Spartan kids mocking his size when they were all training in his teens was to shout and start fights, compensating for his lack of a body more well-built. Sometimes he would even shout to his father about not giving him a more suitable body, one better befitting the son of the god of war. But he never received an answer.
He helped Steve out and into the elevator, unlocking the apartment's large white door and stepping at the side. Steve wheeled himself in; everything looked really cosy, the few suitcases with his belongings from the hospital were already there. Tony was right, a huge TV was there, a laptop on the small table, the tech looking out of place compared to the humble yet elegant decoration.
“Your ambushes have harmed people in the past, I will not fall victim to them,” he said. “You are a siren; you lure me in here then you drown me in my own blood.”
“Come on, mine are non-existent,” Tony encouraged, nodding enthusiastically. “I won’t mock you, I promise.”
It was late in the afternoon, and Steve was sitting on the rooftop of the Tower, that became one of his favourite spots to relax and think.
“You look as though you are prepared to leave this place, Steve,” his best friend said as he approached, footsteps echoing in the monumental structure.
Steve huffed slightly, knowing that Tony wouldn’t give up; they both shared that trait, being as stubborn as a mule, but still, Tony was the first one to attempt and console him, which made his heart flutter a bit at the thought of being so privileged.
“But not everything you do has an impact on them,” Tony said, rubbing his temples. “This should be exclusive to you, to me, Steve. All we do, what we share between us, that’s just for us, not for anyone else. That’s how I want to see things, Steve. If you wish to carry on, I want it to be because you feel it, you really feel it. It’s not part of a deal, or obligation.”
Steve got to his feet and helped Tony, neatly packing everything away. “I’m sure I will demonstrate that to you,” he said.
The car stopped by the massive building, and they both stepped outside while Happy was rushing to meet Pepper waiting for them in the lobby.
“Tony! Is something wrong?”, he asked, internally thankful for Tony coming to talk to him, glad to be out of the room. The adjustment was slow but gradual, he was starting to feel better once Tony showed him how to work the tv and how to watch different movies and shows. At first, Steve seemed to be sad that ‘they couldn’t go to the pictures anymore’, but he was soon hooked on pretty much everything Tony showed him.
“It seems that your way with words is rubbing off on me then," Tony replied but he saw Steve shiver. “Are you still feeling cold?”
“We’ll do what we must to ensure that nobody else will die in any other universe.”, Steve replied, fists clenched, staring at Tony through the glass. “And if he doesn't listen, we’ll use force, again and again.” Tony’s words echoed in his mind, about what he would do whatever it takes to save their Earth from the incursions. He shook that thought as far away as he could. “This isn't about asking nicely for his consent, Reed. This is about saving his life, in every universe out there.”
“Oh come on, Obi, I know that you were probably snoring the night away by the time I got back in New York”, Tony said, and Steve was surprised to see that he was using the same tone to face Stane off. Maybe he knew exactly what he was doing and Steve wasn’t giving him enough credit of knowing how to take care of himself.
“So can I stay for a while?” Tony asked him, really wanting the company of someone different, of someone he never met before.
Tony almost jumped back; he hated being touched, it reminded him of how others, even Steve in his own universe grabbed him to force him to listen to them. Bad memories, memories of his torture in the caves, of Stane touching him with those hands, of people who wanted nothing but hurt him. This Steve was no different. With his tall and stronger posture, he seemed more willing to strangle him if he had to than the Steve from back home.
“They do,” Steve answered, but he scratched the back of his head at the second question, “I am no artist, really.”
“Of course we can, we’re having lunch there”, Tony pointed at the first floor of the tower, grabbing Steve’s hand and moving to the elevator.
“Okay, sure, But you won’t be disappointed, you know it. Especially when Stark Industries is involved.”
Tony saw the man shielding Steve away, and his heart sank. He realised that this was probably the last time he would see the man’s golden locks, his lips when he laughed, and those bright blue eyes that seemed to be filled with so many emotions, so much knowledge and passion.
“I have nothing to give you that you say you don’t already have,” Steve said, looking to the other side again.
Tony watched as the man’s gaze seemed to lower as he revealed such an intimate detail of his past, not sure if he was regretting saying it. Tony couldn’t help but step a bit closer to him, even though he doubted that the Athenian wanted his comfort.
“I wouldn’t consider it that at all,” Steve said, walking over to an area in the shade, with large trees and stone benches by them. “I want to earn their respect, not make them fear me.” He placed the scrolls down and sat down on the bench, fixing his large tunic.
“Would you ride with me all night to get back to Sparta?” Tony asked, wanting to be sure he understood correctly. “Just to be with me?”
Steve gulped and shook his head, wondering if he should be concerned. He held back the sounds he longed to make, and Tony smiled.
“There is no evidence to prove that you are genuine,” Steve said. “Law and judgement are based on evidence.”
Steve let out a shaky moan, feeling his lips quiver as his eyes shut tightly, his toes curling. He was trying to listen to Tony as much as he could but he could feel his muscles being stretched out to the intrusion.
“You didn’t scare me!” Steve snapped, turning his head away quickly, clutching at his papers as he carried on walking stubbornly. Of course he would never admit to being scared.
” she would reply before leaving the office and leaving Tony alone looking at the picture on his desk. It was him and Steve, dressed as Captain America and Iron Man in one of the first press conferences they held, after Steve was found in the ice. He took the framed pictured and trailed his fingers on it, before placing it down with a sigh. Yes, he loved him. He loved him very much, not
“I’m already scanning them for anything I can get my hands on. He won’t tell me how he got here or what was the last thing he remembers. I surely don’t like his attitude, he’s even more annoying than-“, Reed stopped as soon as he saw the way Steve was looking at him. “Sorry.”
“Steve..?”, Tony’s voice interrupted him yet again. “We’re here..”, he said as he pointed at the large, black gates just outside the car.
“I haven’t,” Tony said with a nod, rubbing water against his arms. “And most certainly, not one who happens to be a demigod. Honesty is an appreciated quality, isn’t it?”
“I tend to follow my heart far more than following signs,” Tony said confidently, giving him an encouraging nod. “And my heart tells me that I should go whenever you want me to go."
Sitting on his bed that night after he he start feeling like himself again, he smiled as he held the small tooth wrapped in the napkin.
“But you were comfortable doing what we were doing at that time knowing that it passed the boundaries of simple friendship?" he asked him.
“I have not done one thing to prove that I am human, I said to you back in Thebes, I had made my choice long ago. I do not hide. People see me for who I am and not once have I pretended that I am a mighty god that others should fear,” He said firmly, looking down at Tony.  “Not once have I ever abused my power and destroyed lives.”
“So you managed to bring him in, huh? What did you offer him? Something good, I hope”, a voice was heard from the top of the stairs.
“Nah..not really..”, he shook his head. “Not now, at least. Had it tougher when I first had to come up with a replacement for it.. the prototype didn’t really do the job, I had to use my own tech and make this piece of beauty. If this can keep me alive, I’m sure that I can power up entire cities using the same schematics and with much more energy”
“I thought you were keen to kill, primal, with even education put aside in favour of fighting,” Steve said, leaning back, “but I have no qualms against being corrected.”
“No, this can’t be right”, Tony muttered, his eyes widening as he was sitting on the floor, running his fingers through his messy hair, not caring if his hands were still covered in petrol and other dark liquids.
Steve lowered his shield slightly, mulling over Tony’s words. He’d lost his temper. The fact that Tony wouldn’t listen to him was why he resorted to such violent measures but, in truth, that was against what he was taught. He said he wouldn’t spill a drop of blood, and yet he saw the blood stain Tony’s lip, and knew already he had lost the battle which he had started.
Steve’s heart filled with rage and sorrow the moment that the image of his burning city was placed into his mind, his natural protective instincts suddenly bursting out from under the seams. He clenched his jaw tightly.
Tony lowered his eyes and held his medallion up for Steve to examine. “Did you notice it glowing it in the night? You were probably exhausted but it is bright enough for me to walk outside during the night and see in front of me. That’s not its primary function, of course; it keeps me alive," he explained. “Without it, I’m pretty defenceless. I don’t think I could survive all this training without it."
Tony had yelled for him, rushing closeby while making sure that he didn’t slip either, sighing in relief when he saw the blonde holding on a piece of vine.
“No, you know what? I’ve hand enough for this, we will talk and get over this, whenever you like it or not”, Tony insisted, sounding as determined as ever.
“If I was setting you a trap I would be far more careful,” Tony pointed out as he joined him, getting an apple and biting into it.  “And subtle.”
“So, you’re Howard’s son, right? I knew your father, he was a good man”, he broke the silence, looking at Tony’s profile as soon as he removed his helmet. He did resemble the elder Stark a lot.
He loved Steve, he realised it. He truly did, and now he had just ruined every chance of letting him know that. “At least let me talk to him now, to say goodbye," he asked, only to get another glare. “Steve! Come back, please!" he said, surprising even himself. He had never pleaded before.
“I didn’t specify that,” Tony said, finding himself staring at Steve, searching his face. “I always find boar hunting really interesting. So are you saying that this, uh, friendship, is a secret? Our secret?”
Steve narrowed his eyes. “I’m sure that you are...”, he replied, continuing to pin the man down as he turned on the light blindly, not taking his eyes off him.
Tony pulled up again; watching him carefully as he stroked Steve's flushed cheeks softly. “You can think about it all you want,” Tony reassured him, pressing a soft kiss to Steve's cheek, “I’m still going to be here waiting."
Steve gasped at the sudden voice next to him, startling enough to drop his scrolls before he took a scrambling step back as he spotted the dark wavy hair, side stepping away from Tony.
“And I do not regret bringing you with me,” Steve said, resting his head by Tony’s neck, his eyes closing as he felt the soft movements every time Tony inhaled.
Opening the door and careful not to be relatively noisy, he walked down the corridor. “Last door on my right..”, he muttered as he stood opposite the door Tony directed him to, opening it and greeted by hot steam against his face, forcing him to close his eyes.
Tony’s words surprised him, and he tilted his head in return. “I wouldn’t wish for you to stay where you don’t want to be. You look as though you want to go back, I can see it in your eyes,” Steve said, reaching over to place his hand under Tony’s chin, turning his head to see his face.
“So.. is that it? You don’t care about me anymore, huh? What was all that future talk crap then? Oh Tony, we’ll get a house together one day! Can you imagine us being parents? Or growing up together? Huh? What was that? Why did you have to do that, Rogers? Why? Why make me.. why make me fall so much in love with you if you were going to give up anyway? Why? I need answers!”, Tony snapped, his shoulders violently shaking as he spoke, not having the strength to stand up.
“I am not renowned for my grace,” Steve said, removing his helmet to place it back. “In fact I’m known for quite the opposite.”
Despite all, when they were left alone, Tony found the need to go after Steve, have a small talk with him and give him something that belonged to him. The Captain seemed calm, even though Tony could tell that this wasn’t the case. He was biting the inside of his mouth and the genius could see it so clearly.
And, atop Mount Olympus, The two gods opposed one another constantly, bickering, causing conflict amongst their people, and creating a grudge that they would carry for many centuries to come.
“Jarvis is an AI I developed, he runs the building's security, especially this floor’s. Artificial Intelligence loyal to me alone”, Tony explained. “Trustworthy and intelligent, even though sometimes he can be a pain in the ass with his jokes and commentary. Makes me wonder why I built him like that”
“Of course we can,” Tony said with a subtle grin, noticing Steve’s interest. “There’s no set rule for that.”
“A responsible one”, the other replied firmly. “Mr. Stark, I’ll expect to see you tomorrow morning, I have a couple of messages for you from Nick”, he added after a small pause, standing up and wearing his hat once again, lowering it so it covered his eyes.
“No such thing as magic, no. Still, if I received this information about the whereabouts of the Gauntlet.. it almost certainly implies that others did too. Which is why I hired you”
Steve stood too. “Come, I’ll take you,” he said, taking Tony’s hand to lead him to where they kept the horses.
“Is that you worrying about me?”, Tony joked, trying to lighten up the mood, but so far his attempts to do that proved to be fruitless.
“Perhaps my friends had never liked me enough to let me,” Steve said, “or to kiss me like you have.” Steve felt younger again, he felt curious, his purpose to teach dissolving and his purpose to help Tony becoming higher on his list of priorities. But being the son of the Goddess of wisdom, he was eager to learn new things, to gain experience by first hand adventures. And kissing, to him, was a whole new concept - one that he liked and wanted to practice after years of watching others do the same.
“Not the actual um, experiment. No, experiment doesn’t have the right ring to it, how do we call it? Project, yeah. No, we will run some tests first, see how compatible you are, how your brain responds to the machines.”
Steve looked at the images and stood up, walking next to the engineer and smiled. “Just for the record, I didn’t say that. It’s way too cheesy..”
“Perhaps,” Steve said. “You seem to have grown on me, Spartan; I didn’t realize your people made friends so quickly with those from your rival city. Especially considering our parents despise one another.”
Being a demigod meant that he was looked up to, but very rarely befriended. That was why his mother ‘created’ Falcon for him. But the friends he did make were often warriors who threw themselves into battle to protect his home. Though he would try and fight alongside them, he would live due to his enhanced abilities, and he would watch them fall. Despite the countless years he had endured it, it caused an intense heartache that he never truly recovered from and he hated himself for thinking that a younger king could have such open-mindedness to his opinions when truly he was a man keener to lead his men to hell than to protect their lives. Dying was an honour, he said, but Steve would never understand that.
Tony sighed as he watched him leave, resisting the urge to move closer. “Is that how you see me?” he asked, loud enough to be heard. “Just that? An ignorant savage?”
Steve gritted his teeth tightly, letting out another whimper in response even as he did, taking another breath and swallowing hard, hoping the pain would turn to pleasure soon he panted heavily, chest heaving.
“Together,” he smiled. “I promised, didn’t I?" He fell forward, eyes fluttering as he tried to meet Steve’s own, weak eyes.
Steve felt better for admitting what he had dreamed. “A sign?” he asked, enjoying the brief kiss and relieved that Tony hadn't been scared away. “Of what?”
“Vibranium..not much of it left in the world now..At least not in our possession, Wakanda’s pulling a hard trade for it, and who can blame them? Everyone’s doing their best to survive..”, he muttered, mostly to cover up his nervousness. “This, gentlemen, is without a doubt, Captain America’s shield”, he announced, but it seemed that nobody else really shared his excitement.
Tony shook his head. He didn't want to hear that he was a disappointment. He had heard it so many times before, and now Steve was saying it yet again, it felt different, it hurt far more.
“It’s a good look, this one on you”, he smiled, softer than he ever did before. “Kind of..makes things easier for me, you know.”
“Sure, whenever you’re ready.. I have access.. or should I say.. I can hack certain databases and we can find all the people you’re looking for”, he said.
Steve tried to take deep breaths in through his nose, to exhale them through his mouth, but he let out shaky breaths each time he did. He felt dizzy, resting his forehead against the bed, but he kept his lower body raised, trying to relax his muscles as much as he could, feeling every movement of Tony's fingers.
“Maybe. It would depend on whether or not you really want to, wait, do you want to be able to give love?” Tony asked in return.
“They are not insults, Spartan; I pose but questions to you. Have you not noticed my inflections? Am I not clear with the way I speak? As for my people, I do not see that we are losing as of yet. We have risen victorious from many plights before; what is written in the tapestry of the fates that says that we are doomed to lose? Nothing,” he said without flinching, watching Tony’s movements with his sharp eyes. “You do not control fate, Spartan, nor can you foresee it.”
Luck had a weird way to side with Tony at the randomest of times, and today was not an exception. That was when the belated shaking of the cave started happening, and when the window of opportunity was wide open for both Steve and Tony.
“All of my clothes?” Steve clarified, speaking slowly as he looked to the suit for approval, his eyes caught by its bright, glowing cyan eyes.
There was a light welcoming him. The light in the end of the tunnel. How cheesy and clichéd. Nothing seemed to be unique for him any more.
“Those? They are called love padlocks, people put them up to show how much they love each other or something”, Tony replied with an indifferent shake of his shoulders, leaning against the side and looking down in the water.
“You said that you don’t know who Kang the Conqueror is, correct?”, Steve asked him, rubbing his back up and down to calm him down, taking his hand away as soon as he realised that he was probably invading Tony’s personal space, especially since their last meeting involved them screaming in each other’s faces.
The buildings started to look more familiar, but everything looked so eerie; he couldn’t see any newspaper boys or balls on the street of kids playing, no busy shops or anyone walking at all across the streets; it was just like Tony described Brooklyn to be: abandoned and unaffected by the passing of time. No, it wasn’t a beautiful sight, but then again, seeing his neighbourhood for one more time made him feel strange.
“That too, not that people didn’t try to link those things together, the press loves making the stories up and I do love coming up with plans to fool them - but I guess that my teammates should know.. Or at least, you should know.”
“Um...”, Steve scratched the back of his head. “I am interested, I mean, curious about what you are.. how you work.. and all that..”
It was Steve’s turn to be speechless, and when he turned at Tony, he found him smiling widely at him.
And that was exactly when the nightmares started again, this time being more vivid. He couldn’t explain how that was linked with Steve’s departure; they didn’t sleep together or anything like that, they were just teammates and friends, it wasn’t like Steve was lurking at his floor and he could feel his presence to calm himself down. No, that was it, it might have been exactly what Tony wanted. Maybe part of him did want the strong Captain to be the one to calm him down whenever he would face these problems, whenever he was feeling alone and threatened.
Tony grimaced but he'd been hurt in so many more painful ways before. Steve’s attempts didn’t scare him in the slightest. “Then stop acting like one and listen to me!” he said.
“Clothes will only be an inconvenience at this stage, sir.” Tony said, biting on his lip; he knew that Steve was always suspicious, but the fact that he thought that he wasn’t being watched would maybe cause him to relax a bit more. “It’s advisable to remove the clothes in order to avoid any malfunctions”
“I’m going to see eventually, right?” Tony said, following Steve closely with one last look at everything in the armoury. “I mean, if I stick around for a while."
Despite this not being the first time Steve had said it to him, it did sent a shiver down Tony’s spine, pulling the super soldier down for a long, passionate and slow kiss, before pulling back again to look at his lover. There was something special about that particular night, something special that he only seemed to witness when he was around Steve, something that hopelessly romantic people would describe as “true love”. Maybe it was, maybe it wasn’t. Truth is, Tony was starting to understand those people, he was becoming one of them without his approval. The man next to him was the blame for that, but he was absolutely fine with it. Pepper was right, the end of the world was near. Tony Stark was in love.
“So are you implying that you’re any better? I expect to see that," Tony teased as he began to clean everything up and pack once again.
His breath hitched for a moment, eyes opening and drifting over to the suit in all its polished, shimmering glory, trying to listen to the automated words as his own palms were placed against the table he was on, trying to hold himself in place, the light foreign weight on his lower body making him quiver.
He nodded to show that he acknowledged what Tony said, gesturing for him to continue. He wanted details, explanations, not to be patronised like that.
Tony nodded to him and lead the way down to the lobby, Happy having been informed and ready to drive them into Brooklyn. At first, he was surprised by the request; nobody drove there anymore, except for beggars and teenagers trying to act tough and explore the abandoned buildings, hoping to come up with a supernatural story to tell the rest of the kids in the block.
Tony was still panting when he felt the man beneath him jerking forward, following his example, and Tony fell with him, still holding on him with his hands on the man’s side, not pulling out just yet. He was exhausted by the journey from earlier, but this had pleased him as much as it had tired him, which was all he needed.
It was so strange and Tony could have sworn that the moment that his bright blue eyes under his helmet met the soldier’s frozen, beautiful face, he knew that this man was going to mean a lot more to him that he ever thought he would. When he woke up and was talked through everything that had happened during his ‘sleep’, after his initial fight with the Avengers, Tony sat by him and explained even more, even inviting him to Tony Stark’s jet to ‘show him the wonders of the modern world’. Spending just a day with Steve Rogers, not just Captain America made him realise years later, when he was standing next to Carol Danvers in his close friend’s funeral, his wet from the rain hair covering his eyes, that, the day he met Steve, that was the best day of his entire life.
“On your own?” Steve asked curiously, looking into Tony’s eyes and enjoying how Tony was one of the few people who would stare directly back into his own.  “Like what?”
“You’re right. They’re building weapons of mass destruction, I want to know why”, Steve demanded. “I ran off on my own, your computer was moving too slowly”, he added, dropping the gun with a large sound on the desk.
It felt that time stopped, the only thing that mattered was the emotions and feeling he was pouring into that soft, gentle kiss. He could still taste the raspberry jam from the donut, but besides that, Tony tasted so refreshing, his rosy lips not parting away with his own until moments later. Tony was looking at him, eyelashes battering and cheeks slightly redder, and my God, was he just stunning. There was only one word to describe how he was feeling at that very moment, but he wasn’t sure if he dared to say it loud, until Tony did.
Steve stood up too, brushing the folds out of his tunic and picking up his scrolls, glancing over at Tony. “You did?” he asked with surprise, though he knew that Tony did from the way he'd been laughing.
Steve gently nudged Tony off him and moved, leaning over Tony the way Tony had done for him, to kiss him deeply, tangling their tongues together whilst his hands trailed down Tony’s body, hands gliding over the medallion and touching the dark haired man’s skin.
Steve swallowed the knot in his throat, trying to breathe past the nervousness that had gathered up in his chest. “Y-yes....” he said with a nod, trying to reassure Tony as much as he was soothed by Tony's touch.
The driver was outside and waiting for them, handing them the keys and wishing them a good journey. Tony had to remind himself to slip in a few extra notes to his payment, since the car would certainly not be in the best position when they were done.
Steve heard him call out in the voice that made his heart throb with agony, watching as his own man had run past only to be slain. He was conflicted. He saw his man being killed and yet he couldn’t help but run up to Tony, quickly looking down at him with tightly gritted teeth. “You promised me... my men would be safe,” he shouted, with a mix of rage and sorrow in his voice.
“You could do that”, Tony nodded. “Jarvis, Rogers here wants to ask you a couple of things, be nice”
“System activation for Captain Steve Rogers”, he commanded it to say, concealing his own voice as he waited for Steve’s reaction eagerly.
He really had considered giving the Athenian a chance and letting him teach some things, especially after he'd spoken back to him in the other room. After all, Tony secretly desired knowledge – he had a thirst for it, to know of things that were forbidden amongst warrior Spartans whose only primary focus was the war.
