vanished into thin air. The Alpha wasn’t expecting the Omega to look at him with a fondness that seemed purer than starlight, almost as if Dean were the only sunlight illuminating Castiel’s wretched life. It was quite bold for the Omega to unveil the secrecy of his vulnerability to the Alpha.
After the twenty-minute drive from the repair shop to his house, the Alpha parked Baby on the driveway. Dean was fuming ferociously when he exited the car, shutting the car door behind him with an extreme force that caused Baby to shake from side to side. The Alpha headed straight towards the front door, resentfully looking for his keys.
The Omega felt his body tensing up, the praise alone was enough to make Castiel come. The Omega’s walls were tightening around Dean’s cock, squeezing the life out of the Alpha’s girth. Castiel fucked himself on the Alpha’s cock, bouncing prettily and giving Dean a show. The Alpha clasped his lips around the Omega’s scent gland, sucking harshly as he fisted Castiel’s cock.
. The Omega’s scent, Dean didn’t have a chance to smell the Omega, even worse, he couldn’t stroke his own ego by presenting the Omega his own scent, making his inner Alpha purr in pride as the Omega fell head over heels for Dean’s scent.
nice steam shower was waiting for the boys along with a pair of good-looking toilets.
Dean felt powerless, he couldn’t help the Omega and it was his fault that his angelic Omega was suffering the brutality of Lucifer. After smashing and breaking everything, Dean cautiously approached the window, watching as bile rose in his throat while Lucifer fucked into the Omega. The Omega had the palm of his hands against the window, desperately trying to escape his mate.
The following wounds made Dean sick to his stomach; the Omega’s plump lips were split open, tearing the sensitive flesh down the middle line located between the Omega’s upper and lower lip. It was tough to ignore the wave of burning red flesh being exposed, and along with the horrible abuse sticking to the Omega’s skin, there was a deep cut running from the corner of the Omega’s mouth to the side of his chin.
Fuck making deals and taking souls for Crowley’s benefit, demons had enough power to take as many souls as they coveted without the consent of humans.
Dean wanted to vomit. The way he treated Castiel in his fantasy was rough, inconsiderate, abusive even and
Bobby stuck out his hand to shake Castiel’s, a sinful charm that made the older Alpha irresistible was spilling by the bottle. “I never knew Dean had such lovely neighbors like yourself. You’re very pretty.”
Dean smirked, taking off the clear plastic wrapping and readying his fork to taste the banana cream pie first. “Do you bake a lot, Cas?”
Dean snorted. “At the mall?”
There was no love in that bite, just proof that an Alpha like Lucifer can hurt their perfect mate by penetrating their skin with sharp canines and instead of leaving behind a love bite, they leave a broken person that used to thrive on innocence but now only lives in fear. Dean must have been staring at the bite mark on the Omega’s scent gland, already considered inappropriate for the Omega shyly began to hide the mark with the collar of his sweater.
The Alpha toned down his aggravation and asked instead, “Listen, I’m heading into work soon and I was wondering if you wanted me to look over your wounds. You know, clean them and make sure they heal faster.”
And that’s when the Alpha realized that the sulfuric scent eating at his nostrils, burning through his flesh was not due to Lucifer confronting him, it was more like an extension of him. There, at the base of Castiel’s lovely lean neck, was the hideous leather collar that was repulsively soaked in Lucifer’s acidic fragrance.
In a world where money making companies compete with one another, no company in relation to construction and selling the finest iron along with valuable metals that come at a reasonable price reach the status of The Winchester Company. The Winchester Company began 74 years ago, back to when wages were paid in cents and overtime for workers were usually exploited with a side of no pay.
Castiel placed his hand over his heart. “I promise.”
Dean wanted Castiel to fuck him senselessly but in a matter of seconds, Castiel was basically running away, leaving Dean with a triumphant smile on his face.
Castiel was already down the steps, sobbing uncontrollably, hiccuping loudly, and pushing himself to get away from this dreadful house along with its dreadful owner. The Omega couldn’t go back home,
Velvet rose petals, forest berries, and the white milk of creaminess that blossoms in magnolias.
Dean instantly scented the moment when Castiel became hard, it drove the Alpha to complete madness, the Omega’s arousal was intoxicating and Dean’s pupils became fully dilated. The Alpha’s jade irises disappeared in a fleeting second, the inner Alpha inside of Dean was rattling against its iron cage, desperately wanting to respond to Castiel’s arousal with an equally, if not more powerfully, lethal scent.
“Cas.”
settled itself in Castiel’s chest, weaving its way through the Omega’s fluttering heart.
The Omega’s wrists were bound to the wall, immensely large hands belonging to both Alphas were responsible for leaving Castiel defenseless. The mere force used to shove the Omega against the wall was enough to knock over the Winchester family photos that kept shattering with every glass frame breaking when it reached the floor, but either Alpha couldn’t care less.
Dean looked back at the Omega, a sinful smile spreading across his lips as he began to charge towards Castiel again. “Oh, sweet thing, sorry for the minor interruption but if you wanna speed things up, just turn around and I’ll show you a
Sam and Dean faced one another.
The Alpha feared that if he came eye to eye with the Omega from next door, Dean would have a raging hard on by remembering Castiel wearing fluffy white angel wings while taking his cock and begging the Alpha to fuck him harder, filling the Omega with his semen and making Castiel pregnant. Of course, this would all be in his head while asking the Omega how his day went.
Dean was feeling the treacherous pull of the slippery slope that consumed an Alpha’s mind during times like these; the urgent
Dean smirked while enduring the same struggle of seeing past the afternoon sun, the Alpha’s vision picked up the outline of a person — no, a man. Dean’s eyes adjusted against the sun when the sight of an angel appeared before him.
Bobby’s mouth dropped open. “Oh, you’re Dean’s new neighbor?”
“That’s true. Just because we want to fuck our mom, doesn’t mean there’s something wrong with us.”
It was barely 10 pm.
the Alpha was like a chicken with no head, no sense of direction, how fucking depressing was that. Maybe Dean should hold the Omega’s plush hips again. Maybe Castiel should be flush against his body, maybe he should reciprocate how badly he wanted this.
“Neither do I. 10 am sounds great.”
Of course, when the doctors came to get Castiel, Dean was separated from his mother. The little boy argued with his mother’s doctor; the little Alpha explained that he needed to be with his mother and the idea of leaving his sweet mommy alone to give birth was horrifying. Of course, Dean was given a warning and if the little boy couldn’t restrain himself, he’d be taken away and locked in a room until his baby brother was born.
Chuck snorted, walking away and purposely shouting at Dean. “Have fun with my son!”
, that Omega was
if Dean would have dressed up a bit more nicely, maybe this entire situation wouldn’t be a total disaster. Well, fuck it. The Alpha was here and he wasn’t going to let go of the only opportunity he had of meeting the Omega that plagued his thoughts every four seconds. Dean took a deep breath and rung the door bell,
The Omega wasn’t very good with children — considering he’s never been around children before — so he went with easiest tie breaker and waved hello to them. The group of Omegas — three boys and two girls — smiled like love sick puppies at Castiel, excitingly waving back at him. The Omega could barely make out the soft voice of one Omega boy shouting, “
Dean’s conversation with Bobby came to a screeching halt.
“What about your wife?” Dean asked.
Sam and Dean were so fucking wrong. When they arrived at their destination, they had to admit that it was a bit intimidating. The mansion they were greeted with was colossal, mimicking the royal homes found in Louisiana except its southern charm was missing and replaced with the sensation of entering the chambers of hell.
The Omega coyly chuckled, a sound that made Dean rabid with lust. “My date.”
The Omega tilted his head. “Don’t you think that’s a little unfair.”
Today was a Wednesday, usually Castiel and Garth slept in during Wednesday’s. Or at least they did when Castiel’s phone became to buzz against the wooden nightstand accompanied by the loudest ringtone on earth, a sound that pierced through their ears.
Dean opened the door to his mother’s room and in that moment, the small Alpha heard tiny cries coming from the small baby being carried by the nurses. But the worried
Get out of my way!”
The Alpha had an idea, well, it was worth a try. “Is there any chance that maybe I could tag along with you guys tomorrow? You know, make it a happy threesome?”
Garth and Castiel were already bubbling with happiness, it has been months since they’ve applied and
to even think of doing that, not only would it be barbaric on his part, but it would be unfair to Castiel. Here was the Omega of his dreams, trusting him with his body and all the Alpha wanted to do was claim Castiel as if he were easy prey.
Chuck’s bright aura seemed to fade at the question, a melancholy smile on his face. “She passed away.”
Before either of them had the sense to speak, Dean threw a duffle bag towards Sam’s head. “What the fuck are we doing here for? Let’s give the Novak family the best fucking week of their lives.”
And that’s when the Alpha realized something, for an entire hour, Dean hadn’t noticed the turbulence of chaos that ruined his room. Of course, the Alpha knew it was his fault but that offered him a chance at redemption, Dean could fix everything he broke. In truth, the Alpha would rather be next door, comforting the Omega and kissing away his tears while tending to the Omega’s wounds.
The Alpha felt relieved at not being able to see the stupid leather collar chaining the Omega down to a piece of shit Alpha like Lucifer. But then, Dean couldn’t help but stare into the Omega’s eyes, they were so
The Omega settled both pies on the countertop, smiling excitedly while curiously eyeing Dean’s kitchen. “Your home is lovely, Dean.”
The Alpha was 100% sure that the rest of his day would be equally as good.
Dean’s knuckles were still wounded and aching in pain. To the Alpha’s estimate, it wouldn’t be too long before the inevitable torture of battered flesh would begin to hurt like hell.
All hail King Crowley, correction, Alpha King Crowley.
“Open it.”
was done for. Yet that didn’t promise the security of forgetting everything that Dean lived through while pushing through his rut. The Alpha could vividly remember the hot scenarios that his lust filled mind brought to reality, different fantasies embedded with kinks that Dean didn’t even know he had.
Slowly and sensually, Dean placed two fingers inside his mouth, sucking on the cold digits and warming Castiel’s fingers with his tongue. “You sure, I can’t change your mind? Don’t you wanna play with me? I can be on all fours for you so you can fuck me from the back.”
Dean looked back at the Omega and smiled happily, using his gruff voice to say, “Hiya new neighbor.”
pie. Tell your Omega intuitions that they get 100 pie points for being so freaking awesome. You’re hitting all my sweet spots, Cas. Keep feeding me pie and I’ll be your devoted slave for all eternity.”
’ part slip past his mouth, sue him, Castiel was perfect! And due to his comment, the Omega’s cheeks were redder than a whole cherry field waiting to be plucked.
The Omega gave a resigned sigh. “He was rough with me; he touched my bottom and pressed his… thing against me and tried to kiss me.”
Then Dean looked for his other hand and
Female Omegas who wanted a lifelong career were extorted by Alphas, female Omegas were forced to submit their body and dignity in order to reach paradise. There were hardly any female Omegas who had a reputable job without giving up a piece of themselves for it. Even though times were progressing, certain viewpoints and preconceptions pulsed brightly for Omegas, making their life hell.
“Yes, sir or daddy. Whichever you prefer.”
Sam snorted. “Dean, maybe they’re just friends.”
Castiel docilely kissed the Alpha’s cheek and dreamily whispered. “I love you too, Gabriel.”
The Alpha’s eyes traveled over Castiel’s features, finally resting his gaze on the Omega’s lips. “No.”
The Omega reached into his apron and pulled out a small box.
to pulling back and punching through the window, breaking the glass and hurting himself even further. But at the last second, Dean reeled himself back even though the calling of being self destructive was hard to silence.
The beginnings of The Winchester Company were hard but after a few years of being in business and learning the secrets to success, the running of the company became smoother. The company thrived in avoiding illegal transactions that could quicken their growth out of greed. The Winchester Company became one of the biggest and most important companies in America; expanding quickly and aiming to dominate every state in America, which eventually they did.
Solidarity was rare for Castiel. Lucifer was like a virus, clinging onto his every movement and making the Omega feel trapped, claustrophobic with how clingy the Alpha was with him. Wherever Castiel was, Lucifer was right there behind him, breathing down the Omega’s collared throat and shaping Castiel’s world into one where the Alpha was the only thing the Omega had, besides himself.
Gabriel raced up the stairs, slamming the door behind him and leaving his dad alone with Dean.
Running seemed to last for a lifetime when in actuality, Castiel ran for eleven minutes before ending up at the supermarket, specifically in the vegetable section. The Omega was haunted by the sickening words that rang through his head, all the insults that Dean used to hurt him were like opening past wounds that never fully healed but then again, how could they?
A dark and mischievous gleam flitted across Dean’s green irises. “Single?”
this Omega was beyond perfect.
Dean groaned, pulling away from his mother and growling out. “Don’t ever do that again.”
Lucifer snarled like a rabid animal, backing away and showing off his black eyes. “Winchester. The family responsible for ruining hell.”
Broken nightstand made of wood and dented with scratches: repaired and good as new. Check.
The Alpha smirked. “Would I be asking if I didn’t?”
The only person with the right and will to scent a mated Omega was their mate. Mated Alphas coveted their mate’s scent, making the process of scenting their Omega more secretive and undisclosed to others. This was Castiel’s case, because the only one to scent the Omega was Lucifer, claiming and mating Castiel gave Lucifer the fucking right to covet the Omega’s fragrance.
The Alpha gently slipped his hands away from Castiel’s grip, using the palm of his hands to caress and cup the Omega’s cheeks, while staring deeply into the Omega’s ridiculously ocean blue eyes. “Cas.”
Dean snarled darkly, charging towards his younger brother. “
Dean lowered his gaze, blinking and looking up at Castiel with his black eyes, the Alpha smiled even more when the smallest whiff of Omega pheromones tainted with fear crawled past his nostrils.
It was time to become the predator, the hunter, the carnivore. The Alpha would lure the Omega in, tricking his beloved into a trap and keeping him caged without the Omega knowing that’d he been captured.
Castiel was still working at the diner except his new status was no longer married rather a widower. John’s death was a shock but the prevention of falling into a fit of despair was the unconditional support Dean and Sam gave to their mother. Even though Sam was merely a newborn child when his father died, Castiel and Dean said their goodbyes, leaving the past in a cemetery filled with graves.
Dean’s heart was skipping more than one beat,
were obligated — no, more like demanded — to wear perfectly fitted suits. Crowley was a man of business and no way in hell, was a rent boy to appear slutty with old rags clinging to their skin. Crowley had style, so was it really too much to ask that his rent boys reflected his style of stunning suits and expensive shoes.
Maybe?
Dean stared after his mother with an intensity brimming in his eyes, a look that was only reserved for Alphas who wanted to mate with their desired Omega. “Sam, do you think there’s something wrong with us?”
It was hot, too hot, that’s why his cheeks were red, right?
The Omega’s question was never asked for in a scarily short period of time, both Alphas were advancing themselves towards Castiel. It was a blur, one second the Omega was panicking when Sam and Dean Winchester approached him as if he were a slab of meat and in the next, Castiel found himself being roughly pinned to the wall behind him.
A few seconds later, Gabriel entered the office with a sneaky smile on his face. “Sam. Dean. My brother is here for the interview. I just wanted to tell you beforehand, thank you for giving my little brother a chance. I’m sure he’s gonna sweep you both off your feet.”
The hard drive wired into his lust filled brain was starting to reboot. What the hell? What’s he supposed to do now?
think of me? You think just because you have an idea of who I am, that gives you the right to believe that whatever you say, is the exact representation of who I am.”
Couldn’t the Alpha just have one good thing that he really wanted and be happy?
Everyday they arrived at the diner, greeting Castiel like they were teenage boys hocked up on hormones, and miserably failing at covering up their infatuation for the Omega. Castiel knew that these old men were crushing hard on him and everyday, they’d tell him the same thing: the Omega was beautiful, Castiel was perfect, and the Omega was charged with stealing their fluttering hearts.
The Omega gave the Alpha a melancholy gaze. “Why do you want to help me?”
The Omega sighed as he got up from his seat. “Gabriel, I’m happy here. You helped me when no one else did. You saved me from being forcefully claimed and to some extent, saved me from being a caged in housewife. You offered me freedom and safety and that’s enough for me. So, whether you like it or not, I’m not going anywhere.”
Occupying a small table in the back was an Omega rogue demon by the name of Garth. Sam and Garth have been friends since the beginning of high school. The two boys were inseparable. Sam always took a liking to Garth’s weird yet friendly behavior but the long-lasting friendship between the Omega and the Alpha was freely shared by having the same opinions concerning Omegas having free will.
“Every Omega wants to be dominated. It’s cold hard facts. No Omega wants freedom or free will, that’s a bedtime story that will never come true.”
Castiel chuckled in amazement, he’s never gone shopping before. “Sounds fun. But is it okay if we go early in the morning? I can’t really risk coming back late.”
The two older Alphas watched as Dean and Castiel walked away, Rufus being the first to speak. “Did you see the mark on his scent gland?”
better than that. Besides, this wasn’t about him, it was about the Omega next door, the Omega that was clearly destined to be with him. With a resigned sigh dripping from his lips, the Alpha pushed himself away from the window, facing the clock one more time and
Since he was a child, the Omega loved entering libraries, instantly detecting the bittersweet aroma of aging books. The exact same scent was hitting Castiel’s nose, intensifying by the minute. Castiel greedily drank down the fragrance of books decorated with leather sleeves. The smell of leather reminded the Omega of an antique shop treasured with forgotten goods.
All three men brightened up like golden puppies playing with a bouncing ball. “We will take good care of you, Castiel. We have our own bus passes and a flower garden for you.”
the Omega was so
Dean deserved to die. Give him a thousand deaths and he’d be happy. The Alpha deserved to be punished. Dean Winchester was definitely the hugest asshole on earth. How could he be so mean to someone as lovely as the Omega?
“You should be.”
But mostly, he hated himself for letting
The Omega took the fork in his hand, shyly playing with the utensil and looking up at the Alpha with doe eyes that glimmered with sparkles. “Only if you try my pie first and tell me that its best thing you’ve ever eaten.”
Benny released Castiel and walked towards the kitchen, smiling brightly and greeting Sam and Dean. “Hiya boys.”
The older Alpha rolled his eyes at Dean, ignoring the cold stares from the Alpha. “What brings you here, Castiel?”
Although pride and ego cascaded through the upcoming generations of the Novak family like melted lava seeping through black volcanic ash, they had certain projections to live up to. It was well-known that the Novak family possessed a great number of single bachelors who were never interested in rent boys.
“Did he do that to you?”
Dean gave a mischievous smirk, sassily shaking his hips. “Trust me, Mr Novak. I bet I can break your son before dinner starts.”
The Omega chuckled lightly. “You’d be the first to say that. People usually think my name is odd.”
There was a naughty glimmer in Dean’s eyes, feeling emboldened, Dean reached forward and pressed the heel of his hand against Castiel’s cock,
“Hello, Jack. My name is Castiel.”
The Alpha kissed the Omega’s back, his canines grazing over Castiel’s skin. “Tell me you’re mine, Cas. Tell me that you need me.”
The Omega took a deep breath, counting to three in his head and slowly finding the strength to look up at Dean. But Castiel couldn’t, no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t, too ashamed of himself to even deserve the Alpha’s kindness. Dean noticed the Omega’s hesitance, so, he lowered himself to Castiel’s level, trying to catch the Omega’s gaze.
“Well, damn Cas. Are you saying my hands are worse than that?”
much better now. Just peachy.”
The Omega lowered his gaze, a playful smile decorating his lips before the Omega offered his petite hand to the Alpha. “Castiel Novak.”
Bestowing Dean with an unprotected frailty that could easily be abused by anyone who saw Castiel as an easy target waiting to be victimized. The Alpha, unsure of how to handle the amount of affection being gifted to him, gave a small smile in return. Dean Winchester was not blushing.
The Alpha, hesitantly, continued to disinfect the wound and with every pained sound escaping Castiel’s lips, Dean couldn’t help but feel like a heartless bastard. “I’m sorry. Mechanic’s hands, I know they’re rough.”
Sam balled his hands into fists, his jaw sharpening as he vehemently spat through gritted teeth, “When will you understand that giving Omegas free will is not equivalent to being a weak Alpha?”
flowers (blooming brightly), fruit (ripe and untouched) and springtime (birds and butterflies). The Alpha drank down the scent like a starved man, resting himself on his knees while his nose searched for the main source of that
“It’s rare for me to have someone who actually cares whether I want them too or not. And that day you cared about me; you tended to my wounds and made me feel safe. Now, look at me, I’m all healed and much better, thanks to you. But mostly, I wanted to thank you for seeing me when I was invisible.”
, Dean wanted the Omega to see him as a worthy mate, flawed and fragmented, barely put together but dignified with nude honesty.
Gabriel chuckled on the other side. “
The Omega also took notice of the younger Alpha and like a switch being turned on, Castiel went into flirting mode. “Boys, who is your shy but devastatingly handsome friend here?”
the Alpha never realized how love-stricken he was until Castiel was right there in front of him.
The Omega, with a trembling hand, patted Dean’s shoulder before leaving. “Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean savagely grabbed the Omega’s hips and pushed Castiel onto the bed, the Omega yelped as he landed on his belly. Castiel felt the dip of the mattress as the Alpha climbed onto the bed, the Omega playfully wiggled his ass, crawling towards the head of the bed when suddenly, Dean wrapped his hands around Castiel’s skinny ankles.
Dean licked his lips, settling his gaze on Castiel as the Omega continued touching his hands, that is until Castiel languidly caught the admiration pouring from the Alpha’s emerald green eyes, their locked gazes intensifying by the second. “Your hands are nice. Strong yet gentle.”
Dean’s head shot up immediately, the Alpha could feel his vision swimming through black ocean waves but with every strength of control barely lingering in his body, Dean shakily came to rest on his knees. The Alpha’s eyes landed on his bed and
“What?”
The smaller man stuck out his hand and smiled at them, “Please, call me Chuck. It’s nice to meet you boys.”
“Don’t get too excited. But hey, let me know if you need anything.”
But no.
Sam, on the other hand, was reeking of earthy aromas.
Bobby gave one last glance towards the direction Dean and Castiel disappeared into, feeling terrible. “Poor Omega.”
Gabriel reached down, pulling Lucifer by the hair and snarling into his face. “
It seemed ridiculous, falling apart over the words that spilled from Dean’s mouth but the thing was, the Omega
, John wanted to spread the Omega’s legs apart and fuck him over the table. “I didn’t order a slice of cake.”
Dean immediately jumped in to save the Omega from answering that question. “I’m here to help Cas clean his wounds. You don’t mind, do you?”
Due to such undermining views, Omegas and Betas differed when it came to gaining certain job positions. Betas usually had more of an opportunity to work due to their higher rank. Omegas, on the other hand, had various job offers in the sex industry. Other than jobs involving the use of an Omega’s body for sexual pleasure, unimportant job positions were offered to them.
Chuck winked at him. “Is that a promise?”
The Omega was breathing loudly, chuckling nervously while Castiel’s hands made their way towards the Alpha’s jeans. The Omega undid the zipper to John’s jeans, barely taking hold of the Alpha’s heavy girth. John was huge and Castiel needed to use both hands to hold all of John’s length. The sounds ripping through John’s throat were rabid, dark, and unholy in a deliciously twisted way.
Finally, time decided to be fast but not fast enough, because even though it was fucking 5 am in the damn morning, the Alpha decided that sleeping again was pointless and stupid, besides, he was awake already. Dean got up from his bed, stumbling towards the shower. After washing up and re-bandaging his knuckles, the Alpha decided to wear a worn-out grey t-shirt, jeans stained with grease, and brown boots.
Sam and Dean looked at each other, the look in their eyes said it all.
While Dean handled marketing/operation management; mostly dealing with public relations and being the face of company, meeting with potential buyers, striking new deals with various companies, and promoting The Winchester Company. But for now, Dean and Sam would take after their father’s job, learning and becoming familiar with their future roles as presidents.
“You just said that this bar is filled with rogue demons.”
. Alphas and Betas were placed in higher positions, earning higher wages and reigning over the company, leaving Omegas with no voice in the matter.
Castiel purred at the shape and heftiness of Sam’s cock, clearly the Alpha was packing down there and the Omega could feel the gushes of slick pouring from his hole. Castiel shifted a bit, earning a growl of warning from Dean and a raving snarl from Sam. The bloodthirsty sounds ripping from the Winchesters’ throats were vibrating down to the Omega’s erect cock.
Castiel took a step back, fleeing as fast as he could. “Enjoy the pie, Mr Winchester.”
Castiel remembered the violent beating Lucifer gave him on the day before their departure from the city; the Omega’s face was covered in black bruises and his body was battered with deep scratches that never stopped bleeding. “You don’t have to remind me again.”
The Omega shrunk in on himself, tearing his gaze away from Dean and looking down at the flowers, they really were pretty; one bouquet was bursting with yellow and pink roses while the other bouquet held white lily’s. “I recently moved in, that’s what happened.”
“It’s on the house.” The Omega winked.
It was unbelievable, Castiel was definitely, wifey material. “So, what brings you here, Cas? Are you secretly fattening me up to pay respects to a certain pagan god? Sweet talking me into offering my body as a sacrifice?”
It was faint, like a tick at the back of his neck and the Alpha looked down at his hands.
The Omega rolled his eyes. “A salad.”
With the counter acting as a barrier in between them, the Alpha could swoon over Castiel’s beauty but at the same time, view the disgusting leather collar tightly wrapping itself around the Omega’s neck. The Alpha aggressively bit the inside of his cheek, trying his hardest to ignore how much stronger Lucifer’s scent was becoming now that Castiel was slightly closer to him than before.
“Castiel?”
That’s what the new wave of a late afternoon garden, decorated with black dahlias sparkling underneath the gentle rays of an orange sun caused Dean to feel.
Dean’s eyes began to travel down the Omega’s body — totally not ignoring the faint blush creeping onto the Omega’s pale cheeks — and
“No reason, just curious. Well, thanks kid. I owe you one.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “
could Sam truly be guilty of acting upon primal instincts that have been tamed for years?
Castiel panicked, tripping on his own feet as he walked away. “I have to go. Nice to meet you, Dean.”
“What do you guys have against Omegas?!”
While Dean melted into the touch, drowning himself in the softness that Castiel offered to him, the Omega’s other hand was approaching the back of the Alpha’s neck. One by one, Castiel’s fingers imprinted against his skin. The Alpha felt a switch being turned on, his Alpha instincts were proudly preening at him:
The coy gesture made Dean want to reach forward; gently grazing his knuckle against the Omega’s chin and lifting Castiel’s gaze, silently asking with his green eyes that the Omega refrain from hiding. The Alpha wanted to see every part of Castiel; every smile that was capable of making flowers bloom, every laugh that made the angels proud of having an angel brother who was beyond exquisite, and every small expression that made the Omega corky and unbelievably adorable, as well as desirable.
Crowley wasn’t like everyone else, he could see that beneath the raggedy plaid shirts and torn jeans, Sam and Dean were prostitutes. With the exposure of Sam and Dean’s profession, Crowley began to offer the Winchesters a permanent home with food, clothing, privacy, freedom, and safety. But paradise came with a price, a price that was purposely omitted by Crowley.
Damn son, now Dean was without a doubt, believing that
“Aren’t you being a little overprotective?”
Dean was attacking Lucifer.
Good.
Castiel harshly swallowed down his salvia,
Broken lamp: scattered glass pieces have been swept up and thrown into a plastic bag, replaced with a newer lamp. Check.
Dean could honestly die every time the Omega tilted his head to the side, it was so fucking
Dean stared down at the baby who was holding out his hands adorably, gurgling and smiling at wanting to touch his mother’s face. “How about Samuel?”
Gabriel snorted in an exaggerated manner. “
The different scents hitting the Omega’s nose was breathtaking. Just the first scent alone was making Castiel dizzy with feverish
Holy shit, I’m pretty sure Cinderella wakes up earlier than me.”
Every slut and whore took the challenge of winning the Alpha’s heart and eventually becoming Dean Winchester’s future mate. Of course, Dean knew that one day he would be mated to someone of his choosing, not some gold digging or money hungry bitch who was simply looking for their fifteen minutes of fame.
Okay, maybe Castiel was wrong. Not every Alpha was a monster. But
was the Alpha that helpless when it came to flirting with sweet looking Omegas who deserved better Alphas in their lives?
Castiel belonged to Dean; the Omega was ready, open, tender, and ripe for the taking. “Then what’s stopping you, big boy.”
The rules weren’t complicated and with a smile, Crowley outstretched his arms in an exaggerated manner and asked if the Winchesters had any questions. There were no questions to be asked and from that day on, Sam and Dean settled themselves into their new home. The next day, the Winchesters had their photo taken and in a matter of seconds, they were included on the
While Dean tried to control his anger towards the doctors who were preventing him from seeing his mother; in a sterilized room, Castiel was gripping onto the bed with every weak strength embedded in his tired muscles. The Omega was exhausted, he’d been in labor for 12 hours and the absence of an Alpha was making the birthing process excruciatingly more painful for him.
After grabbing everyone’s attention, Dean tightly held onto the lapels of Lucifer’s jacket and snarled into the demon’s face. “Now you listen to me, you son of a bitch. If I
Dean and Sam smirked at each other, their conversation falling into a comfortable silence until the red neon lights from Dean’s favorite bar were blinking at a distance and the sound of loud booming music became audible. The entrance was crowded with rogue demons and Dean smiled lustfully at all the Omegas huddled together.
“Oh Gabriel! You know how to make a boy blush but suck it.”
Dean chuckled at the innocence embedded in the word
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
An old trick but useful, the Alpha began to strip himself bare, tossing his clothes across the room and snarling in annoyance when he felt the exaggerated streams of sweat trickling down his face, body, and hair.
they looked soft,
The Alpha snorted malevolently. “Nobody cares about you, Cas or the fact that you’re broken. And with your desperate attempt of trying to be somebody else’s problem, you’re never gonna understand how to truly love someone without demanding a price in return. But then again, how can you understand, just look at the relationship that you’re in.”
The Omega sighed in relief, shoulders losing their tension of concern while a heavenly smile made its way back to Castiel’s lips. “I’m so glad to hear that. Really.”
Meltdowns, overreactions, and the usual,
For me?!”
Sapphire flames of moonstone jewels glimmered underneath the sun, azure sprinkles of ocean mist shimmered angelically, and cerulean blooms of flowers that should only flourish for Dean were opening with plushy petals, inviting the Alpha in. And
In a matter of seconds, the doors were swung open and Crowley welcomed the Winchesters to his brothel, proudly pointing at the black placard with snowy white scripture announcing the name of the brothel,
This guy was fucking gorgeous. Where could Dean even begin to drool over himself? Well, Dean could start by growing a massive boner just by looking at the man’s eyes, his eyes,
Though, Castiel still cried during his beatings; there was begging, pleading, and like clock work, Lucifer would simply smile down at him and beat the Omega to a pulp. Suicide was a consideration until Castiel realized that Lucifer would not mourn his death, rather the Alpha would dump his body in an alley somewhere and be on the hunt for the Omega’s replacement.
since when did Dean not know how to talk to guys or be fucking subtle. “He’s not here you know.”
Garth ended the call, facing Castiel with pure excitement. “Dude, what are you doing? Just get dressed!”
The grand majority of employees at the The Winchester Company were Omegas and they all despised John Winchester. Every Omega in The Winchester Company mourned the death of Henry Winchester, missing the sweet Alpha and fearing the following changes made by John Winchester. Once John became president, Sam and Dean were promoted to their father’s prior job title.
Still holding Chuck’s hand, Dean gave a frisky smile and purred out, “It’s nice to meet you as well. So, how do you want us, daddy?”
Rufus directed his gaze to Dean and snorted. “Well, I guess sleeping beauty finally woke the fuck up! Boy, get your ass in here and work on those four cars before I slap the shit out of you.”
In all of Castiel’s years, never has the Omega ever laid eyes upon the earth’s most beautiful creature. The Alpha stepping out of the house was equivalent to perfection, his aggressive yet seductive manner that defied the normalized standards of what a typically strong and potent Alpha should look like made Lucifer look weak and nowhere near this Alpha’s rank.
Castiel had an irresistible afterglow, one that Dean couldn’t stop admiring. The little boy felt an odd sensation swimming through his premature body, a foreign desire that didn’t make sense to him. One that he would come to understand as
In short.
had finally subsided.
Dean agreed, lazily whispering. “My favorite is the blue one.”
Castiel exited the Winchester Company, screaming excitedly at Garth’s unexpected appearance and ran to the end of the curb towards his best friend. Garth smiled brightly at Castiel’s infectiously good humor and without really expecting it, Castiel was jumping into Garth’s arms and if it wasn’t for Garth’s amazingly unfailing reflexes, they both would have fallen to the ground.
The Omega had a tray in his hand with a cup of coffee, his free hand resting on his hip while lifting the tray next to his head and falling into the same welcoming position he did everyday.
As Castiel led Jack towards the front door, the Omega boy turned to face the Omega, radiantly smiling up at Castiel who was only taller than him by an inch. “It was really nice meeting you, Castiel.”
Dark burning rage permeated throughout the air, the pheromones radiating from Dean’s body were bitter and sour. The scent of pure murder and enraging wrath coming from Sam and Dean were causing pedestrians passing by their street to cough and choke on their own breath. The aroma kept rolling in like acidic waves, penetrating the air in a violent manner.
“And he hit you?”
Gabriel snarled viciously, punching Lucifer in the face and knocking the Alpha to the ground. “Don’t speak like that to my brother! He can wear whatever the fuck he wants! It’s shitbags like you who think that just because Omegas show some skin, that means that they’re easy prey waiting to be knotted.”
Dean smiled widely, giving his younger Alpha brother one last hug before saying goodbye. “Well, let me know when you get to your dorm, okay?”
Gabriel immediately ran towards the back door, leaving Chuck and Dean standing beside one another. “I am sorry about my son, he’s very energetic and he’s been trying to get Castiel laid for years.”
The Alpha certainly hoped so. The Omega was beyond beautiful, actually, no word could ever be enough to describe the Omega’s starlight beauty. Dean inhaled deeply and he could smell it, the Omega recently showered this morning. It was a fresh scent, like the way the ocean smelled on a cold morning and the weak rays of the sun barely piercing through the veil of grey misty clouds.
Dean witnessed the Omega being raped, and the smothering guilt clogging at his throat was like letting Death’s bony fingers choke the life out of him, snapping bones and clipping at his warm skin with sharp pliers.
The Omega yelped in surprise when Dean practically consumed Castiel’s tiny frame with his massive body. The Omega could feel himself being pressed further into the workbench; it was painful but the hand on his hip slowly shifted towards his lower back. The back of Dean’s hand was against the workbench while the soft flesh of Castiel’s body was against the Alpha’s firm grip.
Dean smirked, either go big or go home. But aside from how big his cock was, it was becoming inevitable now. The Alpha knew what he wanted, it was simple, he wanted sex. Dean wanted to
Castiel softly repeated the name. “Samuel. Sammy.”
“Are you a top or bottom?”
A name was given to those who rebelled with Henry.
Gabriel reached forward and ruffled Dean and Sam’s hair. “Good job in defending your mom, you hairless rascals. I’m very proud of both of you.”
How awesome.
Castiel walked towards his older brother. “Good morning, Gabriel.”
“Yes.”
the hideous collar from yesterday was absent from the Omega’s throat.
“You seem to enjoy reducing Omegas into sex toys that get down on their knees and suck off any Alpha who commands them to do it because according to you, that’s our job right? And to think that I actually
Just only a few seconds ago, his bedroom was a den of safety and peace. Now, the Alpha felt the comforting space blurring into a static room, where windows and doors were nonexistent. Dean could feel himself becoming claustrophobic, the walls closing in on him and the space around him becoming smaller and smaller.
Gabriel was the first to look away, proudly announcing. “I want that big one. Sam, right?”
John continued speaking, “Other than my ego being stroked by my most trusted colleagues, we’ve had certain complaints from neighboring companies who visit and do business with us. Many find it offensive that we lack in workers who run the elevators. Pushing a button themselves is tiring and exhausting, and it demonstrates to other powerful companies, especially competing ones, that we don’t have enough money to hire someone who can perform that task for them.”
Should he really start the conversation first or should he wait for the Omega to say something first?
Lucifer became frisky, groping the Omega’s ass and pressing his erect cock against Castiel’s hip. “Since when do Omegas have a choice in this situation?”
Rufus — another Alpha — was a mechanic who worked at the shop, appearing where Bobby previously was before threatening Dean with a wrench. “
Garth smacked Castiel with the pillow, blindly reaching for the Omega’s phone and answering the call with his eyes closed. “If you’re not the sexiest Alpha booty calling Castiel at — “
Jack was grinning widely now,
No sounds.
Dean was nervous, anxious even, for the Alpha felt like he was approaching the door to the boy who was his prom date, a child basically dressed up as an adult to his impress his crush. Thankfully, Dean’s hands were full and he could distract himself for a while but if he were to be honest with himself, this wasn’t exactly the way he wanted to introduce himself to the Omega of his dreams.
The Omega blushed, smiling sweetly and biting his lower lip. “Thank you.”
A forbidden treasure that must have been locked away in Pandora’s box; they sparkled in rays of sapphire hues that easily entranced both Alphas. It was taking every inch of Sam and Dean’s body to not claim Castiel here and now. They wanted to wrap their burly arms around the Omega, stare into his ocean blue eyes and mark Castiel’s mouth with rough needy kisses.
It didn’t seem appropriate but fucking hell, Sam and Dean wanted to press their lips against Castiel’s mouth but instead, they whispered. “We love you mommy.”
Dean wrapped his enormous hands around Lucifer’s throat, choking the Alpha. “Why would I kill you when you’re no use to me dead? I want you to send Crowley a message for me. Tell him that if we ever see another demon like yourself in our territory again, we’ll go and finish what my grandfather started, we’ll burn hell along with its king to the ground. Got that, buddy boy.”
Sam and Dean wrapped their arms around the Omega, taking in Castiel’s scent and caressing their faces against the Omega’s pecs. Both boys purred loudly as they felt Castiel’s nipples hardening beneath their touch.
“If Lucifer loves you as much as you say he does, why does Mr Perfect rape you?”
“Awe! Isn’t this the cutest thing ever? Two little boys who haven’t even grown a pair of balls are protecting their mommy.”
likes.”
The Alpha couldn’t breathe, everything felt hot and
Gorgeous really.
Bobby elbowed Rufus as they noticed the younger Alpha being reduced to a speechless idiot. “Son? Son.”
“Why did you do that? Make sure that my mate wasn’t here?”
Dean didn’t miss the beautiful shiver manifesting across the Omega’s body, the Alpha smirked and bared his teeth, enjoying the way Castiel squirmed against his grip. Dean — the ever playboy — grazed his canines across the Omega’s scent gland, leaving behind an angry red scratch that palpitated with tiny droplets of blood.
John looked away as if he were a child being reprimanded for stealing a cookie. “Yes.”
The Alpha snarled, making the Omega jump. “I don’t think you understand that you don’t have a choice here.”
Sitting silently for more than five minutes together led to nothing except the continuation of the Alpha’s light dabbing of the cotton ball against the Omega’s cuts. Castiel would coyly rake his eyes over Dean’s broad shoulders, the clear statement that the Alpha was powerfully strong, making the Omega feel a bit intimidated yet aroused at Dean’s dominating strength.
It was a sloppy relationship, quick, no strings attached and the Alpha was fine with that. It was easy to get in and out of, and before knowing Castiel, Dean would have invited an Omega over, laying down the rules and taking the Omega upstairs to enjoy a couple of days of raw fucking. But now the idea disgusted him, the Alpha didn’t want a slutty Omega taking his cock for kicks.
Jack was frightened by the dark tone of Dean’s voice. “Dean, please. I can tell you’re angry and you want to hurt someone but violence is never the answer.”
Sam and Dean hugged their mother even more.
, someone who greeted him the same way he did to everybody. “My name is Jack. What’s your name?”
Castiel’s cheeks were sporting a rosy red color, bashfully ducking his head and giving them a small nod. The Omega children jumped at Castiel’s reaction, giggling madly and fawning over him. The children who were Alphas — five boys — were starstruck with the Omega, their eyes were palpitating pink hearts and their cheeks were reddened with embarrassment as Castiel also waved at them.
before. The Omega was curious and he immediately wanted to say yes but the reminder of Lucifer made him hesitate. Castiel worried his bottom lip, Lucifer has isolated the Omega from the world for a long time, prohibiting Castiel to make friends because that was the easiest escape route that allowed the Omega to leave Lucifer behind.
Sure, Dean has had his few zero shares of rejection from any Omega that didn’t faint at his ridiculously good looks. But this was different, this wasn’t just
The Alpha growled predatorily, every instinct telling him to reach forward and
White as marble, pale as ivory, unblemished like the blossoming snowy rose waiting to be caressed, miles and miles of unclaimed skin wanting to be marked. The Omega’s skin looked so delicate, so
“Um, Castiel?” John asked.
Sam dropped his feet from the desk, snarling loudly and slamming his hands against the table. “This has nothing to do with me being soft. I just want to be fair.”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible without showing that he was pissed as hell. “Of course.”
Castiel rubbed at his eyes, sitting against the headboard and yawning adorably. “Why are you calling me this early in the morning?”
would come into his life.
A boy could dream. Lastly, there was the Alpha’s body and
Was Dean hallucinating? Was the Alpha losing his mind already? Was this even real?
Then, as if things couldn’t become much worse, the Alpha was starting to cramp up, badly. Dean could feel his legs tensing up, the soreness spreading across his body was hurting like a bitch. This has never happened to him before, he didn’t understand
Dean bit back a hazardous snarl as he slowly began to flex his fingers, testing out how badly the pain would be for the following days and to his disappointment, the ardent cascade of fresh and extremely heightened soreness that was bound to make his job slightly more difficult at the repair shop was not exactly great news to him.
The Alpha grabbed the Omega’s hands, placing them both behind Castiel’s lower back and lifting up the Omega’s hips. Ass up in the air, one hand gripping both of Castiel’s dainty wrists while the other hand lifted the Omega’s head up, rough fingers pulling back raven strands. Castiel looked beautiful, completely at Dean’s mercy.
Castiel coarsely pushed John back, taking the reigns and guiding the Alpha’s throbbing cock towards his pink puckered hole. “Let me show you a good time, marine.”
Chuck tried to cover Gabriel’s mouth but the only thing Chuck managed to do was slap Gabriel on the shoulder. “Can you stop saying the f word? Yes, you can choose.”
fucking close to losing themselves in the culmination of the magnetic force that kept driving Castiel and Dean towards one another.
But Lucifer kept the leather collar in between his fingers, winking at the Omega in a playful way. “Good. The next time you talk out of turn or talk without my permission, I’ll do more than just hurt you. Got it, Cassie.”
The Omega flushed in embarrassment, hating how his boys had to hear this. “It doesn’t matter.”
“What are you still doing here? Did you wait all this time for me?”
With that, the Omega released Dean and disappeared from his sight. It took the Alpha almost four minutes to come back to reality, Dean looked down at his brown boots and smacked the palm of his hand against his forehead.
“Thanks, mommy!”
Of course, the wealthiest family in all of Lawrence, Kansas surely paid well for boys to undress and offer their ripe bodies to young gentlemen bearing the Novak name. Lucky for Dean and Sam Winchester, they were chosen to be special guests at the Novak house. But then again, being male prostitutes wasn’t exactly the main aspiration for the Winchesters.
Castiel has never like
This was all Henry Winchester’s doing, the heroic Alpha that was loved by all rogue demons.
with Dean Winchester. The Alpha was a far away vision, one that the Omega could never have but if becoming friends was even remotely possible, then that would’ve been enough for Castiel.
Castiel nodded bashfully, glancing past the Alpha’s shoulders and smiling brightly again. “Wanna try the pies?”
The dark color of the Omega’s briefs contrasted beautifully with the Omega’s pasty skin; Dean was a 100% sure that god crafted this Omega solely for Dean.
A winding turmoil was infecting Dean’s mind, powerful enough to cause a pounding headache. The Alpha was close,
Dean growled in frustration, where the
Dean stood at the doorway to his bedroom, happily admiring his handiwork and feeling slightly better at returning everything to its natural state. The anger bottled up inside him had finally died down, the Alpha wasn’t filled with wrathful rage, instead, he was at ease. Dean remained quiet, silently blending into the non-moving ambient of his home when the Alpha felt a twinge of burning pain.
Both Alphas were shouting and fighting against each other when the elevator doors opened with a
There was nothing else left to answer, Castiel wanted this. To his left, Dean Winchester was greedily pressing his nose against Castiel’s scent gland, taking advantage of coveting the flowery scent that drove the Alpha insane. Dean was snarling against the Omega’s warm and tender skin, Castiel’s scent was becoming sweeter like the way sugar cubes were added to a cup of tea.
It was barely 11 pm.
an Omega so
Dean was currently working on a car engine, humming to Metallica while bobbing his head to the song, being extremely goofy.
” Before the Omega could even respond, the Omega children pulled the Alpha boys away, lovingly shouting at Castiel, “
With sleepy eyes, Dean turned to face the clock on the kitchen stove and groaned with every irritation burning through his throat.
It was adorable, how Dean and Sam cared about their mommy. They always followed the Omega around like tiny baby ducklings. So, it was no surprise that on a Tuesday afternoon, two stools were being occupied by two Alphas. With their elbows resting against the counter top and the side of their cheeks resting on the palm of their hands, Sam and Dean stared after their mother like they were permanently stuck in a trance.
Rufus sent Castiel a flirtatious wink. “Well, don’t worry your pretty little face. We’re here now, baby doll.”
Dean knew that scent, it belonged to Castiel and
that was really hot. But it was strange, feeling the surge of stability of
Not only that but they were sporting visible erections, leaving their cocks unattended can be extremely uncomfortable. But aside from that, it was painful, knowing that eventually he’d have to pull his hands away from the Omega’s body. A part of him was being shredded into pieces, not that he cared about being broken.
Castiel pulled at Dean’s hair, making the Alpha growl. “
Dean’s thrusts were short and fast, hard and punishing. Castiel kept moaning, the slapping sound of their skin meeting one another with every thrust was music to the Alpha’s ears. The Omega’s cock was bobbing back and forth, the head sporting a cherry red color and the wet patch of pre-cum was staining through the sheets below.
Dean was heading towards the door when Sam’s words entered his head, this technically wasn’t his business but the Omega of his dreams was suffering next door at the hands of a shit bag Alpha. Then Dean felt himself being stripped of his own power, strength, and capability of saving the Omega. If he broke into the house next door, not only will the cops charge him with breaking into another Alpha’s property but mated Alphas had more rights than unmated Alphas.
Dean stood up straight — even though Castiel was taller than him by a few inches — and offered his most charming smile while taking a step closer to Castiel, holding the man’s eerily intense gaze and leaning forward to whisper, “So, are we gonna stay here all day staring at each other or are you gonna fuck me?”
the scent radiating from the Omega’s scent gland was crawling past his nostrils and making him delirious, the soft patch of skin vibrating against his mouth was transforming Dean into a feral beast, acting on pure instinct, protecting what was
So, with his trench coat swishing behind him, the Omega turned the corner and kept running.
“Hello,
Castiel hated Lucifer with all his being but the Omega couldn’t be responsible for another victim taking his place. The mere thought of allowing another Omega to be twisted and broken by Lucifer’s hands made Castiel sick. Castiel wouldn’t dare to let another Omega be perfected into Lucifer’s flawless chewing toy that the Alpha constantly loved gnawing on.
Dean could already feel the embedded strength in Castiel’s muscles used against him, pinning Dean’s slutty ass to the bed and devouring him alive.
Sam rolled his eyes, giving Dean his ultimate bitch face. “Man up, jerk.”
excited.”
Castiel had a pile of clothes on the floor. “What do I wear that’s presentable?”
Castiel was already burning up.
Dean nodded happily. “Welcome to the family, Sam Winchester.”
Castiel entered Gabriel’s office with another tray in his hand. “Here’s your breakfast.”
Sam felt himself going weak at the sight before him, the Omega was so cute and it was outright illegal.
pretty features. This was the most beautiful Omega Dean has ever laid eyes on; the stark contrast of the Omega’s ebony hair with his snow-colored skin was the closest resemblance to an angel Dean has ever encountered.
It was clear that the gears in the younger Alpha’s head were turning and when a lightbulb seemed to flicker on, the Alpha stood up abruptly and bumped his thigh against the table which caused him to curse underneath his breath.
Dean chuckled, his black eyes in place. “Please, no need for flattery but yeah that’s us. Let me guess, you’re one of Crowley’s bitches. Tell me, is papa bear still kicking?”
Dean knew with every passing second that Castiel was
he wondered how far he could make that blush go. “Well, this bar is crawling with rogue demons. You’re here early and your date is probably running late and if that douchebag is as dumb as I think he is, he wouldn’t have left you here all alone with us rogue demons.”
Except for one.
Dean couldn’t help the vicious snarl escaping his lips, seeing the Omega in pain was horrible, it was like feeling a thousand pins dragging themselves across his skin.
The news concerning the death of Castiel’s husband would be delivered to the Omega the very next day.
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise, maybe somebody from upstairs in heaven was giving the Alpha a chance to save the pieces of his dignity along with his ego by offering him a chance to leave before making a huge fool of himself.
Their kiss was filled with primitive passion, slow and languid, but nevertheless, quite intense. The Alpha intertwined their lips in an overwhelming sweetness that made Castiel purr.
Once the Alpha pumped the last droplets of semen from Castiel’s cock, Dean immediately felt a flaming sensation burning at the bottom of his belly. “Beautiful.”
Rufus turned to face the Omega again, “So, sweetheart. What brings you here to our shop?”
why was Dean still staring out the window?
Dean angrily faced his younger brother, his eyes were wild and savage, a deep and furious growl ripped through his throat as he said through gritted teeth, “
Content Warning: Rape and physical abuse.
more. More of these soft and naïve caresses that the Alpha believed himself to be unworthy of, more attention that he desperately wanted to consume, and most importantly, more of
The Alpha’s length was
The Omega began to praise Dean, telling
his predatory instincts were taking over and there was nothing more dangerous than an Alpha being in rut. Dean, with all the hunger in the world, dove into the crook of the Omega’s neck and sucked harshly, taking Castiel’s scent gland in between his canines and tearing through the skin, making the Omega bleed.
The Omega looked down at the pitifully small space between them, only a gasp of air keeping them apart. “I don’t think you’d find my scent pleasing.”
Bobby and Rufus stood up on their feet, Bobby being the first to hug the Omega. “Castiel! Ain’t you the prettiest sight I’ve ever seen. Come here and give me some love.”
done.
perfect Omega, so small and shy, with the biggest booty on the block, and the dreamiest set of big blue eyes.
The Omega couldn’t help but chuckle sweetly at the sight of the Alpha stumbling on his own words. “John. I’m gonna be straight with you. I like men who tell me what they want. Cut the cute shit. What do you really wanna ask me?”
Castiel’s features became soft, a rare spark that brightened whenever Gabriel showed affection towards his younger brother. The Omega went towards Gabriel, rounding the Alpha’s desk and hugging Gabriel from behind. Castiel wrapped his arms around the Alpha, pressing his chest against Gabriel’s back. The Alpha gently stroked the Omega’s arms, leaning into Castiel’s warmth and purring softly when the Omega rested his temple against Gabriel’s.
John smiled triumphantly, smirking at Sam and enjoying the sight of his son fuming in his seat. “Excellent. Now the question is, who’s our first candidate?”
The Omega guided the palm of Dean’s hand towards his cheek, nuzzling into the Alpha’s touch while benevolently kissing the inside of Dean’s wrist.
Castiel gave a gentle smile. “I’m fine. Though questions circling the topic of me being the only waitress and the hesitance of getting new waitresses, is still a mystery to everyone.”
Castiel was certain that the Omega boy was either in love with him or he just really liked Castiel. “Um, of course.”
And of course, Castiel noticed the slight stubble decorating Dean’s jaw, chin, and upper lip. The Omega could only imagine the delicious burn he’d feel when the Alpha kissed him or when Dean kissed his way to the Omega’s inner thighs. Castiel bit his lower lip, already feeling his cock hardening at the thought, his smaller length pushing painfully against his briefs.
And after three hard thrusts, the Alpha’s knot was swelling, growing in length and stretching the Omega’s rim. Dean remained still, grunting at the unbearable sensation eating his body alive but man did it feel good. Castiel couldn’t help the ruined sounds of his screams ripping through his throat, the Alpha’s knot kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
Faintly, Castiel could feel a smudge of whipped cream being spread across his pouty lips. So, the Omega — without really thinking how this could affect Dean in a certain, sexual way — sensually licked his lips, tasting the whipped cream on his tongue and using his finger to clean away the foamy cream found at the corner of his mouth.
Sure, was the doorbell louder than usual, yeah, Dean could totally forgive that. But right now, out the five senses being threatened, the Alpha’s sense of smell was being ambushed by an unwelcome intrusion of a foreign scent. It was a primitive reaction, usually when Alphas finished with their ruts, their need to control every aspect of their home pulsating with their natural scent was vital.
, that made Castiel bounce with happiness.
Dean eyed Castiel, the Alpha frowned before coming to a decision and bearing his neck to the Omega. Yes, scenting was an intimate display of affection, a submission for either partner to inhale the unique fragrance produced to attract a bonding mate. It was a turning point that always ended in the consummation of a life long marriage.
. I just uhh — didn’t think you were an early bird. That’s all.”
Dean walked towards Castiel, invading the man’s personal space again and hovering his lips over Castiel’s. “I didn’t get your name, hot stuff.”
It was no surprise to the Omega that Sam Winchester was fucking delicious. The Alpha was
Content Warning: unfair humiliation, crude language, and mentions of rape.
There were differences in the way people touched each other, the only touches the Alpha was ever exposed too were heated and desperate pulls of needy Omegas who begged for Dean’s cock. This was different. Completely different. Castiel’s touch was intimate, private, and to a point, passionate. Something that the Alpha had zero familiarity with.
The word
The Alpha would snap at everyone who talked to him, Dean even became defensive and bared his teeth at Bobby and Rufus, seeing them as rivals and not as his family. The Alpha was close to challenging the two older Alphas when Bobby slapped the fucking shit out of Dean, putting the Alpha back in his place but failing to keep Dean’s hostility to a minimum.
Dean surged forward, shoving Lucifer back with a forceful push to the Alpha’s chest and growling in the older man’s face. “You shut your fucking mouth, you son of a bitch.”
Castiel’s innocence was taken away from him at the age of 13, his virtue was stolen at the age of 16, and now here he was, a grown man being driven by his Alpha to the next location of their new home. A new place where no one could help him, no one ever did. Which is why Castiel never understood the point of trying, someone always ended up hurt and it was usually him.
Gabriel would never admit it but the Alpha gave a genuine smile, anything to help out his little brother always made him happy. “
Take a deep breath, think about it. What’s the point of hurting someone, if in the end you’ll probably go to jail? It’s not worth getting your hands dirty for someone who deserves to get punished. They’ll eventually get what they deserve, they always do.”
“And you talk like a jerk.”
Dean couldn’t move, he felt himself being nailed to the floor but
Not that the disappointment would be the Omega’s fault,
Often times, Castiel wished that he had wings to fly away from this hell on earth, one that he was forced to tolerate by himself. If he could just reach the sky, a place where there were no limitations, no rules, no boundaries, just… freedom.
Dean didn’t want to go through this again, hurting Castiel and using the Omega. But before the Alpha could even win the battle with himself, the image of Castiel taking his cock was vivid and real.
Henry — the one responsible for hell’s downfall — rebelled against Crowley, the first and foremost famous act of mutiny known through the books concerning hell’s entire history. Demons, angels, and monsters of all kind, knew of Henry’s unspeakable betrayal to the Alpha king of hell.
Castiel giggled, trying to will away the red color blossoming across his cheeks. “How long are you staying?”
Sam cleared his throat, roughly jerking his older brother away from Castiel. “
Unlike all the other rogue demons who spent their time drinking at bars and fucking demons on every corner, Henry Winchester decided to live the quiet life in Lawrence, Kansas. The Alpha desired nothing more than stability and to breed with a pure blood demon. As a result, Henry married an Omega demon and bared an Alpha son by the name of John Winchester.
Castiel whimpered when the Alpha was on top of him, without warning, Dean shoved his slick coated fingers into the Omega’s mouth. Castiel had no other choice but to take the four fingers stuffed down his throat, moaning at the taste of his own slick and feeling salvia cascading down his mouth. The Alpha was breathing loudly, shutting his eyes closed and loving the feeling of the Omega sucking on his fingers.
Everyday was the same: Castiel would wake up to the sounds of Lucifer growling against his ear, whispering filthy insults that made the Alpha’s cock hard, disgustingly rubbing his arousal against Castiel’s plushy mounds, and lastly, pushing the Omega onto his stomach, lifting Castiel’s hips and slapping the Omega’s ass, enjoying the sight of Castiel struggling against Lucifer while the Alpha buried his girth inside the Omega, fucking Castiel like the whore he was and making the Omega bleed whenever he could.
Dean was supposed to go slow, be sweet, soft, and protective and
Dean hurriedly opened the door, readying himself to run down the stairs and beat the shit out of the person who was hugging Castiel, then taking the Omega back to his place and fucking him hard.
The Alpha cut the Omega short,
It was like the Alpha’s teeth were set to bite and kill anyone who dared to even look at him, Dean was undoubtedly rigid and unapproachable.
The Alpha could feel bile in his throat, just hearing the Omega referencing Lucifer as
Castiel sniffled, feeling the exact moment when one tear fell down his cheek, showing weakness made the Omega feel like a caged in animal. “Let me tell you something, Mr Winchester. You’re not as charming as you think you are, oh no, you’re worse. You’re nothing more than a misogynistic, racist asshole who enjoys bullying the weaker race.”
It made sense though, it was usually known that unmated Omegas were capable of displaying their scent to global scale. Heavily producing barrels of their own scent to attract a mate, almost giving away free samples of their own aroma and seeing which potential buyer was willing to take a chance on them. Of course, Omegas were picky and amongst the vast pool of possible candidates, Omegas always chose the strongest one.
Without trying to sound like a creep, Crowley admitted to seeing Sam and Dean leaving their motel room late at night and returning at ungodly hours. To those who didn’t pay attention, Sam and Dean were seen as young boys living their lives to the fullest, spending most of their nights outdoors and getting wasted.
of an Omega presenting themselves on all fours
over the Omega. Dean wanted to continue talking with the Omega when an unknown Alpha exited the house, yelling at the Omega and Dean felt a dangerous flicker of carnal violence surging through his veins as the Alpha approached the Omega, calling him derogatory names and grabbing the hideous collar suffocating the Omega’s slender throat.
the Alpha could feel his instincts acting up again, not only that but the sulfuric scent flooding through his nostrils was getting even worse.
Gabriel died of pure happiness when he opened the box. “
, those lovely pecs would nicely fit against Dean’s enormous hands, squeezing the tender flesh and making the Omega moan for him. And
“I got the job.”
would’ve produced
Castiel Novak — an Omega — was bonded to an Alpha by the name of Lucifer. From a young age, Castiel was naïve enough to believe that love was made of rainbows and happily ever afters. Fucking liars. There was no such thing as happiness on earth and being by Lucifer’s side for almost 18 years. Well, let’s just say that the Omega’s dreams were drained of any possibility of escaping the Alpha’s infernal maze.
Gabriel released his father, stepping closer to the Winchesters and looking up at the two big men before him. “Dad, can I choose who gets to fuck me?”
Sam gave Dean his ‘don’t do something stupid’ face before pulling out of the driveway. With that, Sam drove away, sticking his hand out of the car and waving goodbye to his older brother. Dean gave a small wave before entering his house, hesitating to step inside before sighing and shutting the door behind him with a demonic force.
John said his goodbyes, taking the Omega’s hand and delivering a tender kiss to Castiel’s knuckles. The Omega blushed and bid them all farewell, licking his lips at the sight of John Winchester and his nice ass. After they left, Castiel went back to work, dealing with Alphas who were in love with him and every once in a while, dealing with Gabriel snarling at every Alpha who flirted with the Omega.
This was the first Alpha that Castiel ever felt attracted too, the very first Alpha that the Omega wished he could be with. If there was any chance that he could have happiness, he would want it to be with
Castiel reached towards Dean, mindlessly wiping away the stream of blood cascading down his bleeding lip. “Honey, it’s okay.”
Dean’s eyes became brighter than the sun but the little Alpha was hesitant to leave his mother’s side but after Castiel promised Dean that he wouldn’t be going anywhere, the little boy slipped off the bed and went to meet the newest member of the Winchester family. Dean approached the small baby sleeping in the cot, gently taking his baby brother into his arms and bringing him over to Castiel.
Jesus, the way Castiel was chanting the Alpha’s name had to be the equivalence of angels singing. Dean roughly shoved the Omega into the mattress before yanking Castiel upwards, slamming the Omega’s back against his chest and enjoying the new angle, managing to get his cock deeper into Castiel. The Omega rested his head against Dean’s shoulder, reaching back to grab the Alpha’s hair.
The Omega felt like an outsider, like he was watching the scenes before him from a window and never really interacting with anyone. It felt wrong to be here, like a stain ruining a pearly white wedding dress. Luckily, Castiel wouldn’t interact with anyone for too long because Lucifer always forbade it and that allowed the Omega to hide away the relationship, he had with the Alpha from those who loved gossip.
“Dean. He’s not your Omega to begin with and look, I want him as well but seeing how this is going, he’s all yours man. But think about this, Dean. You’re acting on pure primal instinct, you’re not thinking straight. Look man, I hate to say it but this isn’t our business.”
It was only hitting him now that he was extremely tired, lightheaded, and actively vigorous. Dean’s muscles were becoming sore, painfully contracting and expanding at his inconvenience. The Alpha felt a shock of pain in his abdomens as if he were being stabbed and Dean roared in aching vexation.
Dean couldn’t help the quiet chuckle escaping his lips, Donna really was sweet. “Thanks. Um, are we supposed to wait here or…”
Jack was positively scared of the Alpha right now but Dean was his friend, he wasn’t going to let the Alpha become a bad person. “Dean,
” Both Alphas shouted.
“Cas?”
Sam could feel the love potion of Castiel’s scent pulling him in: the Alpha smelt crystallized particles of salt roaming through the ocean, gentle waves lapping against one another, the bubbly formations of water droplets that clung onto human flesh, and the breezy aroma of a blue/green lagoon that shimmered underneath the sun.
Boy, you didn’t tell me we had a guest.”
“A one-night stand.”
On the other side of bar, there was an island composed of empty seats.
“I want Castiel.”
Charlie nodded and left the office.
That was the Alpha’s chance to kiss Castiel, Dean could have simply captured the Omega’s lips in a swift turn but
I met Castiel today and now he’s my best friend. We met before my shift ended and I offered to walk him home.”
Castiel had to admit that these old men were adorable; they all wore thickly rimmed glasses, fun but nicely pressed suits, and cute bow ties.
Dean could practically feel his green eyes morphing into red palpitating hearts that shined with pure adoration towards Castiel, like the way Roger Rabbit falls all over himself when he sees Jessica Rabbit, his sexy red-headed wife. The Alpha noticed that the Omega had two plates in his hands. And
All those lustful sensations were vibrating through his naked body, the Alpha looked down at his cock and
The Omega gently placed his hands against John’s chest, making the Alpha walk backwards until John’s back came in contact with the Impala. “Why don’t we have fun in the back of your car?”
The older Alpha was about to continue reprimanding Dean when his eyes landed on the ravishing Omega. “
Castiel chuckled. “You really are shy, aren’t you?”
“What time does his shift end?” John asked distractedly, not really interested in his food.
“Sugar tits!” Gabriel hugged the Omega and gave Castiel a sloppy kiss to his cheek. “Aren’t you the second hottest thing since me. Ou! Is that my coffee? Oh my god! This smells like sex.”
Garth was about to greet the Alpha when the Omega noticed someone behind Dean.
the Alpha has been parched. During his rut, Dean didn’t even have the opportunity to drink water or eat anything, for the small periods of resting after popping a knot, were about two minutes. And the Alpha knew that two minutes wasn’t enough time to run downstairs, raid his fridge, sprint up the stairs, eat, and then fuck into the mattress again.
Without intending too, the Alpha moaned loudly, a deep rumble coming from his chest while Castiel’s warm and inviting fingers touched him
The Omega was still the most beautiful thing the Alpha had ever seen. It was as if Aphrodite herself decided to transform into a human being, choosing
see you anywhere near Cas again; I will hunt you down, torture you, kill everyone you love and then burn you alive.”
The Alpha slowly wiped the patches of dried blood with a clean cotton ball, thoroughly making sure that Castiel’s wounds were clean and not infected. Dean firstly began treating the horrible gnash found on the Omega’s temple, beginning his way from there and gradually making the journey all the way down to Castiel’s lips.
, sweetheart. You take the cake; I mean you’re probably the sexiest elevator boy we’ll have in the Winchester Company. Plus seeing that nice bouncy ass of yours everyday will be a bonus for us.”
Dean shrugged, rolling his eyes at the sight of Sam skipping two steps at a time and finding himself with Donna who kindly directed Sam to Gabriel’s room. “No hard feelings. Besides, I’ve heard that there are other players who might want to have fun with me.”
got a job. Anything that didn’t involve working in the sex industry seemed golden to them.
Once Dean opened the door, he slammed it shut and stormily went up the stairs. The Alpha reached the bedroom door, opening and shutting it closed and
With tight smiles, Sam and Dean entered the hallway to their new lives and to their complete surprise, many of the rent boys living in the mansion gave them friendly greetings.
After a quiet second of brotherly love, Gabriel shooed the Omega away. “Okay, get out of here with that sappy shit.”
Nothing could go wrong.
Castiel’s sleepy blue eyes blinked open, the Omega grabbed his pillow and smacked Garth’s ass with it for announcing
smell of
Castiel giggled as he released Bobby and hugged Rufus. “You boys haven’t been here in a week.”
Rule number three was extremely important because already, giving yourself to the world of sex and rape was a one-way ticket to losing your independence, especially when the words
the Omega with touch of his hands and the penetration of his cock. Castiel moaned against Dean, burrowing himself deeper into the Alpha’s scent gland and
Inch by inch, the Alpha’s cock was being swallowed by Castiel’s pink and puckered hole. The Omega felt himself being torn apart in the most delicious ways possible. Dean possessively turned Castiel’s face towards him, wolfishly flashing his canines. The Omega screamed in a high-pitched moan when he felt the Alpha’s heavily thick cock splitting him in half, painfully stretching him apart and hotly burning through the tight walls that made Castiel pass for a virgin when Dean let out a satisfied growl, finally bottoming out.
What the fuck? Who the hell worked at 6 fucking am? Well, actually many people did because although Lawrence, Kansas was a small town, that didn’t mean that the residents living here couldn’t work in the city and in order to beat the morning traffic, they’d leave at ungodly hours to get to work on time. Okay, that seemed pretty solid, perhaps Lucifer worked in the city and
Lucifer to abuse him for fun.
work positions. We needed a true Alpha as president not a softie. Sorry pops.”
Castiel bit the inside of his cheek, making himself as small as possible when Lucifer pulled him forward, forcing the Omega to look into his eyes. “
It was a well-designed façade, one that the Alpha constantly hid from Sammy. It was no secret that Dean cared for those who were really close to him, he’d give anything to help them out in any situation given to him. But that friendly relationship never came at a cost where the Alpha needed to prove himself worthy, where Dean needed to be vulnerable and comfortable with confessing the sins of his own torment.
Dean wanted to hear the Omega’s story,
tight.
Castiel turned off the lights and exited the diner, locking the doors behind him.
The Omega gently pushed John aside, opening the car door for him and offering the Alpha to step inside. John looked like a nervous puppy who was barely registering the basic mechanics of walking, the Alpha rubbed the back of his neck before entering the back seat of his car. Castiel purred in a seductively calm manner, telling the Alpha to lay back for him and softly shushing John when the Omega crawled on top of him, wickedly rolling his hips and grinding himself against the Alpha.
The Omega screamed in pain, trying to pull away from Lucifer’s mouth. With blood staining his teeth, Lucifer released the Omega and pushed the Omega to the ground. The Alpha walked towards the other side of the room and turned off the lights, ignoring the way the Omega was bleeding on the floor while closing the curtains.
The Alpha forced himself to smile while swallowing down the hateful words meant to hurt Castiel. Dean closed the door and walked towards the Omega, who was patiently waiting for the Alpha to lead the way. Dean walked past a mirror adjacent to the front door, mentally groaning at the sight of his attire,
And Sam’s hair,
Dean wiped away Lucifer’s blood on his jeans, looking back at Castiel. The poor Omega was trembling in fear.
The Omega cutely pouted and placed his hands on his hips. “Of course, I did!”
“Please, call me Castiel.”
The Alpha’s cheekily bright grin was infectious, for the Omega couldn’t help but smile as well, though the Omega winced in pain at the stretch of his torn lips. “Thank you.”
But that belief was proven to be worth the wait, for Dean really wanted Castiel to scent him. “Would you feel better if you scented me first?”
It was greedy of him, Dean knew that, but he wanted to know every painful secret laced in between the walls of that dreadful house. The Alpha wanted to hear the grim lies Lucifer spread at explaining how the Omega managed to present himself with various bruises, cuts, and bites decorating his gorgeous face and perfect body.
Marry me, please! I love those flavors! What kind of witchcraft are you dabbling into? Because whatever spell you’re cooking up, it’s definitely working.”
This was so fucking weird, man.
Dean’s contagiously great mood went down faster than a shitty rollercoaster at six flags, it was so easy to point out when the Alpha became extremely pissed off at anything that was existent/nonexistent along with a bitter sense of humor. Exactly when the time struck 4 pm, Dean became the hugest asshole to ever exist.
This was too much for Dean, his body, let alone his cock could only take so much.
Dean was doing everything possible to remain calm, steadying his palpitating heart and trying his
Dean was unlovable and vulnerable to self hatred but he wasn’t a monster, that much he knew. The Alpha was about to pull away from the Omega, offering his apologies for being an ignorant butthole and giving Castiel a chance to escape when the touch of the Omega’s warm and soft nose was right against his scent gland,
The Alpha didn’t sleep too well. The rest of his night/morning consisted of an endless tossing and turning match with himself, throwing the sheets onto the floor and then grunting in annoyance when he felt cold, blearily searching and wrapping the sheets around his body. Dean vaguely remembered closing his eyes and drifting off to sight of the clock illuminating the numbers 1:30 am, and then, honest to God, waking up a few minutes later to read that it was 5 am.
Castiel gave a small chuckle, unaware that the light of his smile was making the Alpha crazier about him. “I suppose, I can’t say no. Give me a second while I’ll put the flowers into a vase filled with water.”
the Alpha didn’t know what to do besides gape at Castiel with his mouth hanging open, looking like a complete dingus. “
The Alpha landed on his back, grass was tickling his ears when the look of raw and bloodthirsty vehemence was directed to Sam, the younger Alpha immediately regretted his actions. “
Dean felt the sharp pain in his chest flaring up again,
There was a distressing low whine at the back of Castiel’s throat. “Are you alright? Is it anything serious?”
Dean chuckled, clenching his fists. “
Rufus shook his head. “Is it just me or does it smell like a huge pile of trouble waiting to happen?”
Castiel was beginning to panic, even after saying those words, the Alpha didn’t release him. The Omega was on the brim of crying, reducing himself to a pathetic pleader that would say anything to live when Lucifer unclenched his large and smothering hand around his collar.
The Alpha growled frantically as he ran after Castiel, cursing underneath his breath when he tripped over the fucking rug. Dean barely saved himself from falling flat on his face, wasting no time in chasing after the Omega when the sound of the front door being slammed shut made the Alpha’s chest ache horribly.
Castiel tried to move but with the weight of Garth’s legs on top of his abdomens, the Omega whined and covered his face with the pillow, mumbling against the squishy cushion. “My phone is on your side. You answer it.”
Jack nodded quickly, “Yes, yes. Is 10 am okay with you? The shops are open at 10 in the morning and I’m usually an early riser. I don’t sleep much.”
With a boisterous laugh and a round of applause coming from Gabriel, Dean was finally snapped out of the enchantment that made him look like an idiot. “Look at you, bubble butt. My brother is so crazy for you that you don’t even understand how much he wants to fuck you.”
Could it be that this was the Omega he was meant to be with?
but Dean needed to make sure that he wasn’t losing his mind. “Are you really here? Is this real? Because if it isn’t, you better tell me right now.”
Garth and Castiel screamed in happiness, both jumping in joy while Garth took the opening chance of slapping Castiel’s perfectly ripe ass. “Dude, you have a fucking job!”
This town was reeking with middle class families living the high life.
Another deep breath.
The Alpha smirked while pressing his cock against the Omega’s smaller one, the sight of Castiel struggling to breath was so adorable.
You feel so good sweetheart. So perfect. All mine.
Dean could see through Castiel’s lie, though it wasn’t fair for the Alpha knew that Lucifer raped and hurt the Omega last night. “Clumsy?”
Okay, wait for me here. Don’t touch anything, let me clock out and I’ll bag everything for you and we can walk home together.”
Omega through the darkness of the night was not creepy at all.
The Omega turned to face his brother. “Yeah.”
Dean was so consumed by the Omega’s beauty that he barely caught the faraway words spoken by Sam. “What?”
What felt like years to Dean, were actually mere hours for the stars along with the moon to appear in the night sky. Night was crawling through the neighborhood; families were inside their homes sharing a home cooked meal while making dinner conversation. Dean, on the other hand, was pacing through his house like a caged in animal.
The Alpha looked back at the Omega when Castiel seductively dug his knees into the mattress, arching his back and crawling towards Dean on all fours. Castiel’s movements were slow and teasing, kitten-like and so fucking hot. The Omega’s blue eyes glimmered whenever the starlight rays of the moon bounced over his irises.
nice scruff, and an irresistible smile.
Jesus Christ, his voice was like sex on a stick, caramel cubes melting on his tongue, a sweet symphony that made every muscle in Dean’s body tremble.
Dean groaned unhappily into the mattress, tiredly tilting his head to the side and reading the clock.
that they had dominance over Dean’s belongings. And the rising anger possessing the Alpha’s body was inevitable, Dean was
While shaking hands, Dean — in a dominating Alpha manner — brought Castiel’s wrist to his lips, gently ghosting his hot breath over the Omega’s pale skin and leaving behind a soft kiss, never once taking his eyes off of Castiel. “Nice to meet you, gorgeous.”
The Alpha was beaming at Castiel when Garth cleared his throat. “Dude, Bobby and Rufus are looking for you. They are
to touch. Then the Omega’s skin was probably made of the same material found in Greek temples, priceless marble statues that were carved during the time of ingenious artists showing off their talent was not even close to the celestial beauty that overtook the Omega.
“Everybody wants something from a bet.”
Dean didn’t understand,
Dean reached for the doorknob. “Going to make my introductions to the asshole who thinks he has the right to slap Cas’ ass.”
The Alpha found a new addiction, it was purely getting high off of Castiel’s scent. And somehow, Dean didn’t know how, but he could detect the next wave of the Omega’s fragrance and it was getting sweeter. The Alpha groaned, pressing his nose further into Castiel’s scent gland, desisting from suckling on the Omega’s skin like the way a baby does at its mother’s lactating nipple.
“Jerk.”
Sam seethed dangerously, an animalistic sound leaving his mouth. “Castiel can leave whenever he wants.”
The small Alpha jumped onto the bed and gently began to shake his mother, caressing Castiel’s face and nuzzling his nose into the crook of his mother’s neck. “Is the baby, okay?”
The Omega shook his head, lifting his hand and stopping the Alpha from apologizing. “No, its fine. It just burns.”
, Dean was about to bust a nut over here and he wasn’t even inside of Castiel yet!
Castiel always answered with the same response. “Yes, of course I will.”
Then of course, the Alpha felt like an idiot whenever the Omega caught him looking, mostly reducing himself to swallowing his pride and giving an innocent smile, not wanting Castiel to think that he was a serial killer or anything stupid like that. Dean proceeded to disinfecting the large cut on the Omega’s lips, soaking up a new cotton ball and dabbing it against the wound.
how Dean wanted taste every part of Castiel’s body. The Alpha wanted his tongue to trace every inch of skin and mark it as his own. It was too much for Dean, especially since the Omega was basically rutting against him and the Alpha could feel Castiel’s cock hardening against his thigh.
Instead of dumping that whole love letter vibe, Dean shrugged his shoulders and went for his everyday charm of making everything into a joke. “Because I’m a Good Samaritan with a handsome face who you can’t resist saying no too.”
The Alpha shook his head and went back to staring at the Omega; the Omega’s hair was slightly damp, ebony strands were wildly sticking out in different directions and Dean wanted nothing more than to ruffle up the Omega’s hair, purposely making it way messier than what it was. And,
Why was there the need to ask for Crowley’s permission in order to destroy everything in their path?
“Right, I forget that Lucifer is the ultimate sweetheart and you guys make up the perfect couple. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt, right? You take your place as the trophy wife and he takes the place of being the loving mate who devotes every waking moment to you. But there’s something I don’t get, so humor me, if you will.”
Dean gave a small rumble of laughter when Gabriel appeared again, hastily dragging Castiel behind him. “Castiel, you’re going to thank me for this one day.”
It was slowly becoming stronger; the fragrance of woody forests sprouting new trees and conserving the beauty of nature, pine and oak trees giving off spicy scents that made the Omega’s mouth water, the plush greenery of moss beds tangling with one another, and autumn leaves floating in the air only to land on the ground, waiting for the inevitable crush given by the soles of a shoe to produce a crunchy breaking sound.
Castiel was positively red at this point, completely speechless at Rufus’ praises.
Yes, it was a misogynistic Alpha belief. But Dean couldn’t be blamed for feeling something that was biologically embedded into his basic and primal instincts. After the agonizing torture of having his hands submerged under water, the Alpha no longer snarled at the white-hot pain spreading through his hands, instead there was a moment when Dean became absolutely numb.
the final scent that left Castiel completely wrecked. The aroma of skin being stained with engine oil, the splashes of gasoline sloshing against a red canister, and dirty rags that were filthy of greasy residue. Absolutely perfect. Masculine in every way possible. And to top that, the smell of a hardworking green eyed mechanic sweating underneath the morning sun, the salty rivers of sweat gliding down the glaciers of his back, and seeping through his shirt in a sensually forbidden way.
Castiel began to check the pockets of his trench coat, sighing in relief when he felt the outline of his wallet. Well, there was no use crying at the supermarket and leaving without buying anything. Besides, there was no food back at home and the Omega couldn’t even begin to imagine how Lucifer would react if there was no food waiting for him after a long day at work.
The Alpha never willingly bared his neck to an Omega before, not even during sex. Sure, Dean always fucked Omegas while they were on their hands and knees, purposely making it difficult to locate his scent gland. The Alpha always believed in the old-world perspective, where your scent gland was a private part of your body and not just anyone had the right to press their nose against it, simply
Castiel smiled bashfully. “I’d like that.”
Times have changed; Omegas and Betas were on the rise of earning their respect from Alphas and being given the chance to do whatever they wanted without judgment. But although times have progressed; Omegas and Betas were susceptible to being seen as the vulnerable class. Betas were considered intolerant due to their inability of producing litters of pups.
Dean couldn’t help but let the ‘
Mostly because the angel of Thursday, Castiel Novak, kissed Dean.
As the Winchesters waited for someone to open the door, Dean and Sam began to tidy up their appearance. Sam was chosen to wear a burgundy suit, contrasting beautifully with a silky black dress shirt, ebony tie, and raven colored dress shoes. And for the cherry on top, the entire suit was tight against Sam’s body, leaving very little to the imagination.
“Just one question.” Chuck asked.
Dean grew up in the shadow of his father, absorbing John’s masochistic views and putting them to good use. John Winchester, was the best father, according to Dean. John taught his older son many valuable lessons; how to instill fear into those who disrespected him, how to murder, how to let darkness consume every part of his body, and how to treat Omegas like they were property.
“I also left you a catalogued and alphabetized file concerning the other stores we might do business with. I also included their price differences, to make it easier for us to see if we should reach out and do new business with the store of our choice. And our employees are never better, everyone is happy in their position and their monthly pay is satisfying but you need to remember that our yearly evaluation is coming up. And everyone is anxious for a raise but that’s up to you.”
“Mr Winchester, as a good person, I came to say my thanks for the other day you helped me. Though, now that I think about it, you helped yourself more than you helped me. Scenting me and what not. Well, I’m here, aren’t I? I said my thanks and now I don’t have to be here anymore. But there is one thing I want you to keep clear in that thick head of yours, I don’t
Up ahead, the Alpha could spot Garth — an Omega — at the front desk, talking to someone on the phone and hanging up afterwards. Garth was the only Omega in the repair shop, responsible of charging the customers and keeping the register safe. Garth was busy writing down something when the Omega looked up abruptly, knowing the familiar scent of Dean and smiling at the Alpha.
that sounded so wrong. Even Dean had to wince at that.
Chuck came to stand beside Dean. “I can’t believe you got to my son. He’s never acted this way before. Especially with someone he
That is, until the Omega let out a broken whine, unsteadily whispering against Dean’s mouth, “I have to go.”
Castiel’s lips were quivering into a sad smile. “Hello.”
The strong yet sweet scent of flowers belonging to Castiel caused Dean to become a salacious beast with the need to bury himself inside the Omega. Dean wanted to feel Castiel’s delicacy and fragility but like the thorns on a rose, Dean wanted to feel the scratches and bruises of love that the Omega would give him in return.
Which is why the Alpha’s mind wandered over to a blue-eyed enchantress living next door, it was rare and it never happened to Dean but apparently, the Omega’s sweet sucking scent triggered a spontaneous rut.
to even think that he made Castiel cry because of the way he treated him, was definitely making the Alpha wish he were never born. “Hang out? Tomorrow? Where are you guys gonna go?”
