It isn’t. The ghoul must have hit an artery. Which artery? Subacromial? No, that’s not an artery. Sub-something. Cas tries to perform mental math. Arteries bleed fast as a rule, faster with an increased heart rate. He can feel his own increased heart rate as it pumps blood out into his hand. Add in the heat of a late midwestern summer and he stops thinking about how much time he has left. His head is swimming. “I’m dizzy.”
Cas tries to hide the disappointment that’s apparent on his face. It isn’t comforting to hear that the immortal being he’s named after is missing in action. “What do I call you?”
Cas and Anna work best together. They ought to, given that they spent years learning to hunt together. Initially, it was a family affair; the Novaks, thrown into hunting when Chuck sold his soul to hell. Gabriel was the first to splinter off. He reasoned that if they were going to hunt down the crossroads demon that held Chuck’s contract, they’d cover more ground if they split up. Even Anna left for a time to hunt on her own. But Castiel, good little soldier that he was, stayed with Chuck through it all. Anna returned after eight solo hunts. Gabriel didn’t.
Then Cas is fifteen, head pounding and wincing at a cut on his arm, willing the wound to stay closed while the priest speaks. Chuck passes him a bottle of ibuprofen with a face that reads ‘I’m so sorry that the ghost hurt you, I hope this bottle of NSAIDS will make it up to you.’ Castiel pops the recommended dose and passes it onto Anna. She takes her ration and completes the familial communion, handing the bottle to Gabriel.
Cas wets his lips. “I was falling asleep and then there was some bright light. It felt like something touched me. Then the light’s gone and I’m fine.”
The figure in the light seems to start. White tendrils move towards Cas. He pulls back, but they persist. They make contact with his face first. Cas thrashes and pulls at them until his hands are bound by new tendrils that wrap around his head.
Cas nods as best he can with a shudder. He notices his pressure on the gauze as his hand weakens. His eyes are heavy. Anna picks up his slack, adding more gauze and pressing down hard. “Eyes open,” she orders.
Wordless, Cas nods. The two sit in silence as Castiel’s mind reels. This isn’t the first time Anna’s suggested his dreams are more than grief-induced nightmares. She used to believe the opposite until she started sharing intel with Ruby. At the end of the day, Cas can’t blame her for working with Ruby. If he thought the demon could be any help, he’d be just as eager to trust her.
Jim could be explaining step by step how to break into Hell and rescue a dead relative from eternal damnation and Castiel would not be incentivized to go back in. “I’m sure we’ll talk about angels after mass.”
Castiel wakes with a sharp inhale. He scans the motel room. Everything is as it was before he fell asleep. No cold spots, no smell of sulfur. To his right, Anna sleeps soundly in her own bed. They are safe.
Castiel never asked Ruby how old she was, but he remembers a passing comment she made about her 500th birthday party. She’s kept mum about her time as both a demon and a human, even to Anna, but Castiel knows that she is old. Ruby has centuries of lived history in witchcraft and God knows what else and the demon is asking if he’s sure that he was stabbed. “This was no illusion. The pain was profound,” he replies curtly.
Twenty five year old Castiel decides that’s enough. He shuffles out of the chapel as the congregation stands for a hymn, running his hands over his face when he’s out.
“Gabe says hi. I filled him in on your brush with death back in Goshen. I asked him to take a look through the lore and see if he can find anything.” She offers.
Castiel jolts awake in a pool of sweat. Anna is on him immediately. This isn’t the first time that she’s woken to him like this, after all.
Castiel rests his head against the passenger side window. He and Anna set out for Minnesota 65.7 miles ago according to the navigation app on his phone. The night before, Cas barged into the motel room and scared the hell out of Anna. An hour of desperate rambling later, she was caught up. He wouldn’t be surprised if Anna was driving him to a clinic specializing in religious psychosis after the night he had. ‘I watched Dad torture someone in Hell, exorcised a demon, and then spoke with an honest to God angel of the Lord who says that there’s work for me’ is a hard sell any day. They both agreed that angelic intervention is well out of their pay grade, so 65.7 miles ago they decided to travel to Blue Earth to see Jim Murphy.
Then the light is gone as quick as it came, leaving only the graveyard and the night sky above. Cas keeps his eyes upward, wondering where it went. Anna stares beside him.
With a wince, Castiel watches Chuck’s nose go concave, his shoulders dislocate, his ribs crack. Chuck is put back together and offered a blade. With a small nod, he grips the hilt and is freed from the rack. Chuck is guided towards the young woman to his right. Trembling hands, Chuck advances and slices.
Castiel sighs. He thinks back to every Sunday school lesson he ever attended. Unfortunately for the man in front of him, Castiel doesn’t remember any verse describing an angel dressed like a greasy midwestern mechanic. “You don’t look like an angel.”
“We’ll sit in. Thanks, Jim.” Anna says with a smile. She adopted a dreamy look in her eye at the mention of mass and looks ready to race Cas to the nearest pew like they were kids again.
Castiel is patient. Two hours after sunset, he keeps his eyes fixed on the den. Anna shuffles behind him. This isn’t where her strengths lie. Anna shines in conversation, knowing exactly what to say to local police and other persons of interest. She can pull out information Cas isn’t even sure the people themselves know. But waiting? Anna wants action. She wants to be on the move.
“Oh?” From what he’s heard, his older brother isn’t actively hunting anymore. At most, he’s taken on a consulting role.
In the bathroom, the adrenaline catches up to him. His heart pumps twice the target zone for his age. Castiel sees himself out of focus in the mirror and feels a familiar nausea making its way upwards from his belly. A quick stagger to the toilet and he throws up. He blesses Anna for not following him.
He ignores Anna’s cursing and looks upwards. The night sky isn’t clear, but he can make out stars. He stares until his eyes lose focus. He starts to drift, as if he’s falling asleep.
Something stirs the demons. Cas watches each demon stop their work, turn and look. A new woman, no older than 20, is pulled down onto the rack.
He doesn’t answer, gasping shallow breaths. He sees Chuck with the blade, progressing towards him. Brandishing and —
They take turns buying each other drinks. Luke insists Cas try the pickled eggs because this bar ‘has the best eggs.’ Cas begrudgingly obliges. Luke laughs when Cas crinkles his nose at the taste. Halfway through a conversation about how ‘the Packers really have a chance this year,’ Cas notices Luke’s hand has migrated to his knee. Cas pushes into the contact and feels the grip tighten. Something runs hot in his belly. They fall quiet, gazes fixed on each other.
“Me? Hard to pronounce outside of Enochian. Just call me,” He looks to the name tag. “Just call me Dean.”
Castiel keels forward, the heels of his shaky palms digging into his eyes. “It’s Dad. They’re linked.”
The statement surprises Jim. He looks at Cas and Anna, dumbfounded. “I’d wager a guess that this is a long story?”
“Cas!” Anna screams. She empties her gun into the ghoul’s head, just as they’d planned. Well, getting stabbed was not part of their plan.
“I’ll say,” Ruby says. “You’re also gonna want to stock up on protection. Come on, let me teach you how to make hex bags.”
Luke releases his grasp and fumbles through his denim. He produces a pack of cigarettes. “I'm gonna step out for a smoke,” He murmurs syrupy, playing with the flap of the pack. “Join me?”
Cas bites his tongue and looks at Anna. She meets his eyes and takes over. “It was real. We had to burn the gauze after this happened. The knife that stabbed him still had his blood on it.”
The service starts and Castiel stares at the stained glass. There’s no morning sun shining through in the evening, but it’s enough to trigger memories. Try as he might to bury them, images of the Novak family milling into their seats slip through. They’re in a different church, Gabriel sitting to the right of Castiel, furthest away from their parents. The service starts and Gabriel produces a gameboy, triumphant that he’s smuggled in electronic contraband. Castiel leans forward, faking rapture to shield Gabriel and the console from his parents. They caught Gabriel with the gameboy once, and Castiel would prefer to avoid another confrontation like that.
Cas and Anna spend days researching. Aside from the Mayo Clinic suggesting they be evaluated for exploding head syndrome and tinnitus, they have nothing. They switch their research to entrances to Hell. Just as their last topic, this research yields nothing new.
It rips his gun from him and swings. Cas gets a mouthful of the stock, tasting blood. The ghoul pushes him down and tosses his gun. It produces a knife that glints in the moonlight. Before Castiel can comprehend, the knife makes contact below his right clavicle. He sees white and is taken over with searing pain.
The mechanic extends a hand towards Castiel. “Cas Novak,” he murmurs, moving his hand to point at himself, “Bright light. Nice to meet you in person.”
Castiel occupies himself with notes on their current hunt. The good town of Goshen, Indiana has a ghoul problem. There had been a number of grave desecrations reported over a six month period, with an abrupt stop about four weeks ago. That’s when people started going missing. The job looks easy enough - their ghoul is sloppy. It took less than a day to find a makeshift den in the cemetery with the highest number of desecrations. The ghoul is either a machiavelli playing the long game or sorely inept. Castiel bets on the latter.
Ruby turns to Anna. “Do you still have the knife with you? We could try to work some mojo with that.”
Castiel nods his head. While it is nice to see Jim again, this was a mistake. Cas sees their future: kicked out of the building for blasphemy. Jim surprises him, sitting back in his chair before saying, “I have mass in less than half an hour. After mass, I am all yours. You’re welcome to stay here if you’d prefer not to attend.”
Jim Murphy’s office is the same fluorescent and sanitized room he remembers; inoffensive paint color and particle board bookcases are lit by the overhead light. Jim is leaned forward, pen in hand and mouthing words as he works.
Dean presses his palm over Castiel’s heart. Brings their foreheads together. “Me, too,” he whispers, angling his hips and using his free hand to guide his cock as he pushes past the resistance of Castiel’s rim. A few gently rocking thrusts and the head finally pops inside. He stops immediately and Castiel gasps. “You okay?”
Ash laughs. "Charlie, maybe you should just quit this monstrous show of elitism we call higher education and become a professional gamer."
With a sigh, Charlie says, “I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that, but yeah. Add that to Sam’s increasing popularity online, the longer we wait, the harder he’ll be to find. Both Sam and his character’s name top a lot of searches these days.”
As airily as he can, Dean answers, "not on the first date. I'm not that kinda girl." He even winks. Then he starts wringing his hands, chafing them back and forth against the steering wheel. He really should have planned this better. Not like he could practice on anyone for desensitization. He'd been so wrapped up in the rest of it that he hadn't even given a second's thought to how it would look taking Castiel to a known and notorious makeout spot.
Castiel scoots closer. “I’m not trying to be. You said... you said you wanted space. I... I overstepped those wishes last night.”
Castiel tilts his head from side to side. "I can't say that I have ever been there specifically to watch the sunset and see the stars."
“Of course, Sam,” Castiel says. He follows Sam out of the room, unsure of what it means that he can’t hear movement or speaking once he’s gone.
Gabriel slouches against the door frame. "You took away my excuse to bow out with dignity," he mutters.
He knows that stuffed up look on Sam’s face. The way his voice sounds watery when he says, “that’s not good enough. I can’t be with you because you want to rebel.”
Dean shrugs off the question to hide the flip in his chest. “Suit yourself. I never minded an audience. Obviously.” He nudges Baby’s sides and directs her into the ring. Castiel closes the large gate for him, though it isn’t strictly necessary. Baby was never known for getting off task.
. Dragging it out won't buy him anything more than heartbreak. So he sighs, and finishes with a simple, "I'm in love you, Dean."
“No,” Castiel smiles. “Not at all. Dean, with how you are when we’re together, it’s easy to forget that you’re a novice. Perhaps we should approach this in a different way.”
Gabriel is smiling with relief when he sees them. “You two don’t look nearly as tragic as I was expecting.”
And with it, the reason for Dean’s agitation. Castiel sees it easily beginning to blanket him. He tilts his head and asks, “after everything, have you thought some more about telling Sam?” The lightness helps.
“I’m fine,” he answers, clearly as mystified by what’s going on as much as Castiel is. “But never mind me. How’s Baby?”
Also, it's damn good to have some alone time with him during daylight hours however it happens. It might be scheduled, but it's daily, and it's the only time that Sam can feel his heart fully rest without a hint of anxiety. Except for the exams, quizzes, papers, and projects barreling down on him faster and faster.
Castiel doesn't even flinch. He's exactly like Sam that way. Dean appreciates it. "You're bleeding," he observes.
The terror doesn't take hold. The waking nightmare doesn't take hold. The consequences of him stopping the ritual don't take root in his mind.
Castiel relaxes into Dean’s chest again, the heat from the man’s body loosening his tension for some reason. It’s so nice. Dean being taller than him makes him a lovely big spoon. It’s probably been a decade since Castiel has slept with someone taller than him, not counting the times he and Sam had passed out together on one pull out couch or another after a particularly epic collegiate kegger. Naturally, this is entirely different. Sooner than expected, Castiel is asleep again to pleasant dreams of kissing Dean somewhere it’s summer.
The mechanic rolls his eyes. “Let’s just say that,” he pauses to look at the name sewn onto his shirt. “
While he's just been given the perfect opportunity to hustle, Cas decides against it. Historically, he’s more successful playing the straight man to Anna or Gabriel. On his own, he is not as lucky. Gabriel once explained that when Castiel hustles on his own he has the charisma of, quoting Gabriel, a wet rag. “I’ll pass, but thank you.”
“Ruby is not a high ranking demon,” he reminds her. “She doesn’t know if a demon can even pull a soul out of the pit. Anna, she doesn’t know where to begin to look for him.”
The angel studies Castiel, rubbing a hand over his stubble. Deliberately, he says, “Like I said, domino effect. There are cosmic consequences when a righteous man sheds blood in Hell. Now, I can’t tell you the specifics because they haven’t happened yet. But I can promise you, it will get biblical down here if we aren’t ready. That includes you.”
Castiel sees himself in Goshen, bleeding out. He sees the ghoul moving downward with its knife. He sees a blade sink into his father’s ribs. He sees another knife slide down an abdomen.
Cas leans his head back, gazing at the ceiling with a sigh. “Yes, next time we’ll be sure to bring you an evidence bag.”
For once, Cas agrees. Yes, they can still scour the books for information, but he’s sure that a demonic witch may have some insight they can’t find elsewhere. “Let’s call her in the morning.”
It’s brighter than anything that Castiel has ever seen. Anna is still with him, vaguely. She covers her ears and leans forward. Cas feels a phantom hand on him, caressing his wound. The pain sharpens and ebbs away. This makes sense to him; wherever he’s headed, Castiel imagines he’d need to be put back together before his arrival.
In these dreams Castiel is powerless. He can do nothing but watch. The first time he dreamt this, Castiel ran to Chuck. He screamed and threw himself over his father, offering himself as protection. He was no help. The demon still advanced with its blade, still continued its work. The knife blade phased through Castiel as if he were a ghost.
The drive back begins with a tense silence. Castiel supposes that they both don’t know how to breach the conversation. Cas rests his head against the passenger seat window. He absentmindedly touches his collarbone, pressing down. He notes no residual pain.
With nothing else to do, he disrobes and steps into the shower. He turns the water on hot, not enough to scald, but definitely uncomfortable. Still unable catch his breath, he presses his hands against his temples, holding his head together.
Communion wraps up and Anna returns to the chapel. Castiel, save for the occasional bathroom traveler, is left alone. He taps at his phone and pauses at his last texts with Gabriel. Cas inhales and hits the call button.
This isn’t the first time, though it’s always an unpleasant surprise to see Chuck writhing on the rack. Chuck opens his mouth and screams as a knife makes contact with his abdomen. The demon above him twists the knife before changing course to his knees. It places its hand on Chuck’s forehead as a knee shatters, squeezing tight to hold him still.
“Sorry, Cas. Those aren’t the orders from upstairs.” The angel replies, putting on an apologetic face.
Exhaustion takes hold of Castiel. He stashes his journal and settles in. He hasn’t prayed to God in about a year, but Castiel prays to God that he doesn’t dream about Chuck.
They both examine his shoulder. There’s no wound, not even a scar as a souvenir. If not for his ruined shirt, there would be no indication that the hunt had gone awry.
She checks her phone and sighs. Cas ignores it, eyes still fixed on the den. Anna nudges him and gestures to another area near a different tree. She points to herself, then the tree. Castiel nods. Anna slips past him and takes her new cover. Castiel returns his focus to the den.
Sam presses play on the TV again and drags his laptop onto his knees to get going on his homework. "Sounds good. 'Night."
“As long as you keep up with social media, IDGAF,” Charlie adds. “Maybe take some casual, lazy shots for Instagram.”
But the niggling in the back of his mind compels him to take Dean’s face in his hands to pull his attention. It takes a moment for Dean to refocus. A questioning look clouds his eyes. Castiel strokes over his cheekbones. “I’d never do this with anyone else while I’m with you,” he says.
Because of the security risks, Sam can’t venture into a mall or department store with the holiday shopping crowds, but he makes up for it by single handedly keeping shipping companies in business. In fact, once the packages start to arrive, they don’t seem to
Benny shrugs. “Most are. A few at the Hyatt. But all you main bills are living large here.” He pulls up to the valet and rolls down the window to have a short conversation with the uniformed man standing at the front. They’ve been apprised of the cast’s impending arrival, thus Sam’s group is ushered in and taken to their suite within minutes. The convention has left them a large gift basket on the counter of the sprawling suite, which Dean digs into immediately. They’ve got a half an hour before the joint security meeting, and Sam says he’ll make himself scarce as usual, but Castiel stops him.
More warning bells at the strange choice of words that Sam is positive are deliberate. "Well, not as weird as it was in elementary school or something," he answers, shutting off the sink. "I thought teachers lived in the school back then."
Dean watches silently as Castiel stands to full height again and retrieves the lube from the bedside table. Then he slides onto the bed, still no skin on skin, and sits cross legged between his knees, keeping Dean open. It’s an excellently vulnerable position. Dean starts to squirm.
Dean takes the man's hand, hoping his traitorous palms aren't sweating. Not too much. Either way, it's a thrill. "Yeah, Dean Winchester."
To his utter shock, Sam backs out right away. "That's your choice," he says far too reasonably. "You do what's best for you, and we can figure out the rest. Anyway, I'm starving. I'm gonna make dinner." He shoves his door open, tosses his messenger bag inside, and then leaves immediately to go back downstairs.
Dean takes two extremely careful steps forward, hands stretched to the side for balance. Mission accomplished, he drops his hands to his sides. “Miss me?”
The hint of a smile touches Dean's lips. "That's, uh... that's an awesome thing to say. I... appreciate it."
. "We're totally not allowed to be up here," he murmurs, holding out Gabriel's coffee and stepping towards the edge of the roof to fully appreciate the view of the campus, the hazy town beyond, and even the blue-tinted mountains in the distance.
Castiel surges forward, kissing Dean hard enough to steal his breath and his balance. Castiel catches him, but it’s a misdirect. He uses the momentum to grab both of Dean’s hands and secure them separately in the black rope at the speed of light. It feels incredible, and Dean huffs at the sensation of being bound, even just a little.
Dean beams. "Awesome. So, then, do you think he'd be the type to fuck with your grade while he's fucking you?"
Castiel’s cold fingers touch his cheek. His thumb swipes down to Dean’s chin and comes away wet. “You don’t need to cry. It’s not
"Don't be sorry, I'll give it a rest," Dean also relents. "It's okay to tell me to fuck off. I'm a big boy. I can handle it."
. It sucks. This used to be his thing. Once upon a time he'd been great at flirting, dating, sex. Now, though? Jesus, now the thought of having someone else's sweat anywhere near him - never mind bodily fluids - makes him run cold instead of hot.
"I believe you," Dean says quietly. He takes down the rest of his beer with a quickness and deposits the empty bottle onto the coffee table. "I'm as out of my element here as you are. This shit really sucks, and that's why I'm doing this. It's why I wanted you to come over, and also why I freaked out while you were on the way." He holds up his hands.
Gabriel leans forward, hands dangling between his knees, head down. “I didn’t want to, that’s the thing. I just saw the profitable move and suggested it because it’s my damn job. Why do you care? You don’t like her, either.” He huffs. “Or me, for that matter.”
Castiel sighs with a mild sound of disgust at himself. "Irrational trust issues of my own making. I've hired wonderful people; loyal people. I didn't do any of it alone. Hannah's been with me and believed in my dream since the beginning. And even though he's not a part of the business, Gabriel has, too. It never escaped my notice for a second that he kept a savings account specifically to loan me money if I ever needed it."
Sam picks up the phone on the third ring. “Hey, Dean!” he says cheerfully. “How’s the hearing going?”
Dean puts their foreheads together, eyes closed, breathing deeply on a sigh. “Forget. I w-w-wanna forget, Cas.”
Sam sighs like he’s relieved to hear it, which is moderately confusing to Castiel. “So I’m not the only one who thinks he’s been acting weird around me?”
The therapist greets him with a cup of tea as usual. Castiel doesn’t sit, though. He paces back and forth while Cain watches his progress neutrally. “Is Dean actively pursuing a divorce?” Castiel asks finally, halting suddenly as soon as the words are out. They stop him completely.
Castiel goes down the hall to the spare room and knocks. He doesn’t need to look for Dean. He knows where he is. Where he always is. Dean doesn’t answer, but Castiel pushes the door open anyway.
Castiel is mildly irritated with himself that he’s giving in so easily, but this is their last day of freedom. It’s worthy of celebration and indulgence. It feels too good to stop. “Touch me,” he demands.
That’s a really tactful way of putting it, so Castiel relents. “We were,” he agrees. “And then we decided that we didn’t want to live that way.”
Dean blinks at him. There's a war going on with his expressions, and all Castiel can do to keep up is stare back with all the hope and desperation he has. A short snicker wins out, and to Castiel, it's music to his ears. "How could I? I mean, no one's ever looked so pathetic about it."
As always, Dean hates seeing the formal dining room turned into a war room. Even more, seeing his brother in the middle of it all. But Sam had decided that there was no way in hell he was staying out of his own protection anymore. Especially after Lucifer had proved to be a threat even from behind bars. Of course, a life sentence has given him little to do besides manipulate his brother further. And Michael, being influenced his whole life and fueled by anger at his guardian’s incarceration, has picked up the mantle impressively. The emails had begun less than a day after Lucifer’s extremely public sentencing, and mailed letters had started showing up at house, not the P.O. box, shortly thereafter.
"You sound surprised," Gabriel smiles, inelegantly blowing his nose before grabbing the kettle off the stove to make tea.
Gabriel obviously has no idea what prize Sam is shooting for in the claw machine, but he still rolls along with it and says, "it for go."
“Plenty,” Castiel mumbles, rolling into Dean’s warmth and nuzzling into his neck, pressing lazy, sleepy kisses along his strong jawline, half hard against his hip. He slips Dean’s phone out of his hands and tosses it aside.
"For this," Castiel says, shrugging to indicate the house and squeezing Dean's hand tighter. “I think it's gotten out of hand. I know you felt sorry for me when I started lamenting about what was going wrong, but I never intended for you to be the one felt responsible for fixing my hiring mistakes. That's not what I wanted between us."
If this Nick dude really does turn into something else, you tell me and we'll work it out," Dean answers, crossing his arms over his chest. "I believe you about Gabriel. It doesn't actually surprise me. Cas's gotta be friends with him for a reason."
"Did you have to pick the ugliest green in the world?" Sam gripes mildly, but he's unexpectedly distracted by the impromptu foot massage with the lightly scented cream. It feels... really freaking amazing. Almost... arousing. It's not making him hard or doing anything inappropriate in public, but it's... it's
Laughing, Sam takes a final swipe at his eyes. "Whatever you say, Dean. Okay, I'm done here. We done here?"
Sam rolls his good shoulder. “I’m okay. The pain meds sure work wonders. I might actually survive this one.”
He’s just finished doing that when his cell phone pings on the nightstand. Normally, they’d turn them off, but since Sam’s out with only one bodyguard, two hour check-in protocol is mandatory. And it would be, no matter who he was with. It breaks up the scene, but Dean figures it to be a small price to pay for the freedom of having the day off.
Gabriel reads it and just like Sam's come to admire, brushes the comment aside. "Things are better now, I take it?"
Before he can talk himself out of it, Sam slides his palm into Gabriel's, and he threads their fingers together, warm from his cup where Gabriel's are cold. It feels fucking amazing. "Solved that," he quips weakly.
Castiel’s eyes narrow in a dangerous scowl that, despite the seriousness of the situation, Dean takes a moment to admire. “What did he do?”
It's so tender that Castiel can't help but pull back and stare into those brilliantly green eyes. "I'm sorry," he blurts.
He can hear the siren's song pulsing in his head. The call to the sea and to death. The biological imperative of his kind.
It’s almost comical to watch Sam turning the tables, too, to get his brother out of the way instead of the other way around.
Desperate for his own release and meeting Dean’s needs, he scrambles. Rips open the top of Dean’s shirt to leave a trail of bruising marks across his shoulder. Fists into his hair tighter, his blunt nails scraping against Dean’s scalp.
Castiel stays near Dean’s hips, brushing his hands over Dean’s sweat-sheened hips, fingers walking themselves into the valley of his spine. Then he stops touching for a moment and there’s the click of a bottle. Bastard had lube in his pocket. Dean’s not sure he can handle that.
“Show me what you’re made of.” Dean groans and she says, “what are your pain levels today? Are we using the actual ten point scale, or the Dean Winchester scale?”
"Because he's a soulless son of a bitch," Gabriel bites. "He's used to getting what he wants, and uses all kinds of manipulative tools to do it. If you don't fall in line immediately, he'll find another way. He always does. For as much as I wish he wasn't smart as hell, he is. And he can find anyone's weaknesses." He looks like he's got an awful lot of personal experience here.
. That first. Maybe that forever. Short butterfly pecks, followed by longer, intense chaste presses, followed by nipping, biting, sincere desire.
“I’ve studied all of the files and the SOP’s you gave me. They’re very thorough. Did you write them yourself?”
Of course now that they're both in the open air and the sun has gone down, Castiel's yawn cuts off into a shiver. "Cold!" he gasps.
Hopefully he's also generous in his judgement, and they can discover a few hobbies to share; things that they can agree on together. Common ground is important, though exploring new things outside of their comfort zones will be half the fun. That's what dating is for.
“You’re doing so well,” Castiel whispers as he starts to move his hands. There’s slight resistance, but it only lasts for a second before Dean’s arms go lax, allowing Castiel to move them freely. He lines up each finger on top of Dean’s and slowly drags them up Dean’s thighs. Bends at the elbows to slide up his chest. Dean squirms a little then struggles to go still again.
A moment later, there are footsteps and then a head pokes into Dean's field of vision as Castiel bends down to see him where he's squished under the kitchen sink. "Why now?" he asks with a grin.
"Lucky you fell in with a surgeon, then," Castiel quips, helping Dean onto the huge bed. "Make yourself at home."
Castiel takes the hint, pushing past the tight ring of muscle, both he and Dean release their pent up breaths with the tension held from a long buildup. Dean reaches up, and Castiel leans down, loving the way that Dean’s calloused fingers slide along his shoulders to latch him close as they move together with indulgently slow thrusts.
She nods as she takes it. "Sure can." She types even more rapidly and then slides the card through a reader. "Would you like to add funds at this time? You're not enrolled in a meal plan?"
Not mincing words, she says, “Lucifer Pellegrino, the crimes you have committed are indeed reprehensible. Furthermore, you’ve shown no remorse for them. I have judged you to be mentally sound; your actions carried out with full knowledge of the cause and consequence. Allowing your brother to take the blame for your former crimes is proof that you do not regret them or care to be redeemed. You have plead guilty to felony stalking, kidnapping, assault, evading arrest, and attempted murder. The maximum sentence for these crimes is seventy years imprisonment without the possibility of parole, which I am granting.”
Once his clothes are removed, Castiel digs into his bag and takes out a bottle of pills. He shakes one into his hand and offers it to Dean with a bottle of water. "Are you allergic to codeine?"
. And in a pretty significantly long bullet list of weird shit today, that would be at the top. If it was possible. “I’ve never had to explain this before,” Castiel mutters, dropping his gaze to the floor.
Castiel pulls himself forward, pressing up against his sub. “And you’ll also learn that my ‘things’ are an extension of me, and you’ll have them, too.”
But he also seems just as fine with companionable silence on the drive. Dean likes that, too. The Lookout is only a few miles outside of town up the nearest mountain, and it's an easy, scenic drive. Despite being so close to town, it feels like it's hours away from civilization.
Dean rubs his hand over his mouth. "I get that. But, like, the only reason I'm comfortable around this guy is because he goes with my picky bullshit coffee order daily and doesn't act like I'm insane."
He’s a big enough man to admit that there’s always been a sliver in the very back recesses of his mind that’s constantly whispered that there’s no such thing as
Castiel Novak is the best part of Dean's work week. Owner of Espresso Lane, vocal proponent of direct trade coffee, and, in Dean's opinion, super hot for a tree-hugging hippie.
And in that singular moment, Dean can't do anything for it except let it go. He shoves his hands in his pockets, smile never wavering. For once in his damn life, he doesn't want to eat his dinner. "Hey," he says softly. "You like burgers?"
“You should ask Sam,” Dean snorts. He rolls his shoulders, neck popping. “Now me? I’d be weirded out by all the attention. I was born for the shadows, my friend.”
Dean's mouth immediately on his sensitive rim makes him shout. But the teasing kiss is gone a second later to be replaced with the briefly cold shock of tingling lube.
They've made it through almost half of it before Nick calls time, rubbing his eyes. "Not too fun today, huh?" he smiles.
Castiel flips over the book he's reading and rests it against his chest. "I thought we should talk about sexual expectations."
Dean blinks down at the text. Then he starts to laugh incredulously. "Guess I'm not the only one," he murmurs.
Castiel blinks again and suddenly Dean is surrounded by people in different uniforms than the police. Startled, he collapses back onto a sturdy lap. “Benny,” he gasps.
Sam wiggles around in his chair exactly as he'd done when he'd been caught out as a kid and very much still channeling a little bit of his sulk. "I said so, didn't I?"
Blearily, Castiel moves his eyes towards the doorway. Then he’s standing suddenly. “Sam.” He doesn’t mean for it to sound so broken.
Back when he was deployed overseas, he’d enjoyed having the night watches the most. He’d volunteered for them when he didn’t have an early assignment the next day. His squad mates had loved him for it. They’d bribed him with all manner of comforts from home to entice him to take their shifts. He’d been reminded time and again by circumstance and superior officer alike, that nights held the most dangerous threats, but the night and stars soothed him in some measure, regardless.
“Agreed,” Castiel grunts, bodily shoving the crowd back and trying his absolute best to cut a path to the town car, which seems an unattainable goal even though it’s only about fifteen feet away. “The mini bar wasn’t even worth it.” The paparazzi aren’t moving until they get their shots of Sam Winchester, international superstar.
Laid out plain as day, Dean still finds himself needing more clarity. "You wanna go on a date? With me?"
Gabriel turns his head towards Sam and pushes his glasses down the bridge of his nose, eyeing him over the frames. He's got his feet kicked up on the table as always, a box of doughnuts between them, and the largest cups of coffee that Espresso Lane offers. "At the risk of never getting a bribe from you again, which sucks 'cause I bet they're sexy, yes, I give up trade secrets. And depending on what you want me to betray my kind for, you might not have to bribe me at all."
Castiel lets out a soft sigh of relief when Dean tentatively takes Castiel's dick in his calloused hand, stroking gently. And despite the fact that he'd been expecting it, Castiel's touch in return makes him jolt with searing pleasure.
Instantly, Sam feels like a dick for the uncharitable thoughts his fatigued mind had thought up. His big brother's just doing what he always does and is looking out for him. He almost apologizes to Dean, and then remembers at the last minute that he never said that shit out loud. "Just don't want it to happen this early in the semester, is all. I'll be able to sleep plenty tonight. It was my first paper. Took a lot longer than I thought it would."
Ah. His heat. It's definitely on the horizon. He cups Dean's face and brings it up so they can kiss properly. Maybe this time Dean will sync a rut with him. It hasn't happened yet, but it would be amazing. It might never happen since they're both waning on hormones every year, and Castiel's only had three heats since they've mated, but it's a possibility. He'd love it to happen. It's not a necessity, of course, but it would be fun.
“Hey, young lovers,” he says with weight. “Thanks for ruining my romantic weekend, several years in the making. Hope you’re having lots of sex and being all lovey-dovey because I’ve advised my boy wonder to give you absolute hell when I deliver him safely home.”
Dean can't look anyone in the eyes directly. "I've been trying to meet him halfway here," he says softly.
She looks almost guilty at the admission, and that piques Sam's interest. "What do you mean?" he asks, sitting up straighter.
“It wasn’t like you and Cas,” Sam says, turning back to his brother with pleading eyes. “When I actually proposed, Gabe tried to talk me out of it.”
Dean's done shortly before dinner, and though Sam and Jo ask them both to stay, Dean's annoyed enough with the heat and weekend work, that he waves them off and drags Castiel away from his niece to their cooler home.
“‘Cause it’s good press,” Gabriel says like he absolutely doesn’t give a shit. “I’m his manager. Anything that helps Sam higher up into that superstar stratosphere is something I’ll entertain.”
. Of course he is. But he's learned that proper Talking To Dean Skills require a bit of finesse. And a complete lack of enthusiasm. The more you sound like you want to know, the more disincline Dean is to tell you. Reverse psychology. Or something equally as irritating.
“I wish I could do something like this for you,” Dean murmurs. “Give you something like this for the wedding.”
“Jumping hurdles, is it?” Anna asks with a hint of mischief. “Well, I can help you over one of them. I saw Dean with Jesse and Cesar at the Crystal Chandelier a couple years back.”
“You’ll be there,” Castiel promises, mouth watering at the sight of Dean’s perfect cock. “But I’ve been dreaming about this since forever. Please let me.” He knows the begging tinged with whining isn’t the most attractive thing he’s ever done, but he
Gabriel smacks him in the face with one, leveling him with the frown that's never a frown. "You killed the mood in less than two minutes. That has to be a record for me."
He doesn't even laugh when Sam wiggles and shimmies over the table, trying to get closer without breaking the kiss. He has to for a second. But only long enough for him to be able to get to his knees, slide off the table, and into Gabriel's lap.
Castiel turns his head to look at Dean. "Would you mind if I borrowed this space sometimes for myself?"
He thumbs at the staple on the current essay he's reading while waiting for a reply. Sure enough, a pit settles in his stomach when the next text arrives.
In fact, if he's being honest with himself, tonight's trip might as well be kicking off his farewell tour. The band scheduled as the headliner hasn't so much as pinged his radar before, so there is likely no reason to bother listening to them in a professional sense. They are signed to an indie label, and Google tells him they have been for years. Either they aren't quite good enough to pique the interest of a major label like his, or they are perfectly content where they are. Probably the latter considering they have been around for more than a decade and still sell out shows.
Dr. Barnes stands and walks over to the IV. She presses a series of buttons on the machine and adjusts the flow to a couple of the hanging bags. “Okay, well, clearly you both have some stuff to talk about, so I’ll let you have at it. In the meantime, I’m weaning Dean off of the sedatives and paralytics. He’ll start waking up over the next several hours, so don’t be alarmed if he gets a little twitchy.”
Sam looks more and more like he’s sucked on a lemon as Dean keeps talking, but he doesn’t openly deny any of it. “I hear what you’re saying. And I’m not arguing with what you think. But I also don’t think that Castiel is going to run Whitewood out of business. All of the kids are picking up the slack like they’ve always done. Cain got much less active in recent years, right? He’d just been doing the books. Castiel is an accountant. That’s what he’ll be doing. Gabriel and Anna will still be doing most of the heavy lifting.”
Sam follows along willingly because this is an incredibly rare opportunity that he can't pass up. "He seems nice," he says flippantly.
When he gets home, there's no sign of Dean in the house, but some of the lights are on, and the Impala's in the garage. He tromps up the stairs, but Dean isn't in his room, though the door is open. Huh.
“Sam,” Dean says irritably. “I swear to fucking God, if you have to piss one more time, I’m gonna kill you.”
Castiel grimaces. “Understood. Let’s speak to Sam about this later. Until then, please try to stay calm about it. There’s nothing you can do right now. We can’t cause problems on set.”
“Yeah.” When there’s nothing else forthcoming, Dean glances over his shoulder to find Castiel staring at him with a frown. “What?”
“Good. I’ll stick around for a little while, if you don’t mind? I believe I can be of some assistance to the rest of the family as well.”
They eat the rest of their dinner in silence, Dean sometimes chuckling a little to himself at Sam's expense, and Sam trying to pretend that he really wasn't considering Dean's "professional opinion." But he does because his brain is a traitor and likes to think about his teachers naked.
Gabriel looks up from where he’s curled up in one of the overstuffed armchairs, laptop resting against the arm. “Dean,” he greets dully. “What can I do ya for?”
Dean and Castiel spend the night before returning to Atlanta comforting one another in the best way they know how.
“Understood,” Castiel says. “At least Sam hasn’t got any public appearances that involve audiences for the next few months.”
Ash and Dorothy are the last to shuffle in, both still looking almost completely asleep. They go straight to the coffee maker side by side and pour their cups, joining everyone at the table without a single word.
“How is that an excuse?” Dean demands. “You have to respect where your money’s coming from. And the Milton’s especially. They work with living things, but Cas treats them like they can be thrown away like a used up six pack!”
Dean leans forward, elbows on his knees. "I'm just trying not to let my dick do all my thinking for me. Should I be having sex?"
I sheltered him from a lot of it. I mean, Sam wasn’t dumb. He saw some of it. He knew. But most of it... better him than me, y’know?”
Nick's face pulls into an expression that Sam would probably call pity if he knew better. But there's nothing to pity him for. "I'm gonna look out for you, Sam," he says with a kindness that digs right into Sam's skin like a paper cut. "Gabriel has been my TA for a few years now, so I can recognize the signs."
Then again, he gets this oddly horny/protective streak around Sam, too. On the surface, Sam seems like the consummate sheltered middle-class white dude. Gabriel should know better than to stereotype - and he usually does - but Sam looks kinda.... textbook. Floppy hair, innocuous clothes, the whole "blend in without a worry" vibe. The total opposite personality of a future lawyer, truth be told.
It’s contagious. Dean yawns in response to Castiel and Sam yawns in response to both of them, which makes Castiel yawn again. Dean plants his palm firmly on Castiel’s cheek and pushes his face to the side as he yawns again. “Stop that shit,” he grouches. At least the cycle is broken since he can’t see Castiel’s next yawn. “And to answer your question, the house is pretty close.”
Dean wraps an arm around him, tugging him back into the bedroom, now gone humid with all the steam from the open bathroom door. He'd open a window for a few minutes, but Castiel looks like he'd murder him if he let more cold air in, so he ignores the fog and retrieves two sets of track pants and hoodies.
Castiel shrugs. “You and I were oil and water at work, and we never got to know one another outside of that. So, I never knew the real you. I thought you were simply an impulsive alpha male guard dog for your brother. Then...”
He keeps his eyes on Brady while the lawyer wanders back and forth across the table. When Dean pauses for a breath, he stops walking, faces Dean completely, and twirls his finger in front of his chest with a pointed look where the judge can’t see the motion.
“That’s all I need,” Lucifer assures him. “Five minutes breathing the same air as Dean Winchester is perfect. It’s all I’ve wanted.”
"Coming right up." As Gabriel shuffles away towards the back of the condo, Sam heats up the water in the kettle again and lurks around the kitchen a bit. There are photos taped to the fridge. Nothing super incriminating, but there are a lot of photos from the club and several of Gabriel and Castiel in what appears to be a vacation in Europe. Sighing at the amount of beautiful women and men on Gabriel's arm, Sam refills the mug, drops in a new teabag, and brings it with the honey to Gabriel's room.
For his part, Cain does not look surprised to see Castiel back in his office so soon. He offers tea and holds his hand out to the couch. This time, Castiel sits down right away.
Heart thundering behind his ribs, Dean tries to break away, but he’s hemmed in on all sides. His palms are sweating and he’s starting to shake.
Slowly, Castiel sinks to his knees on the mats, scoots back a couple of feet, and then yanks as hard as he can on the rope line attached to Dean’s wrists. He tumbles off the bench, straight to his knees, practically in Castiel’s lap. “Trust me and don’t fight the ropes,” he murmurs, in a hypnotic, rhythmic cadence. “I am in control of them, and I am in control of you.”
Dean leans forward on the sofa agitatedly. "Since when have I not been allowed to make decisions for myself?"
Dean turns from the window and promptly swallows his fry the wrong way, because of course he'd do that in front of Castiel Freaking Novak.
He might as well have said, “Dean, I’m into letting wasps sting my dick for funsies,” for as much of a shock as the admission produces. Dean holds both hands up, palms out. “I’m sorry,
Then they’re on their own again, food so far from Castiel’s mind, he might as well have promised to take Sam skydiving.
With an unconsciously proud look, Dean picks up his tablet again and readjusts his glasses dramatically. “He’s definitely a male. Probably early to mid-forties. Midwestern speech patterns. At least some college education. Middle class. Seems like a mid-level manager or something, though the job isn’t super critical here. Big news, though? He’s not a fan of Sam himself. It’s his brother who compelled this jackass to write a dozen letters in a week. My guess? The brother is significantly younger and ‘Lucifer’ likely raised him. He’s religious and thinks that Sam’s a... sinful influence. He could also be struggling with his own sexual attraction towards Sam, too, though that’s not what spurred his initial contact.”
Smoothly, Castiel prevents Dean from having to lie much, and says, “Charlie called. She has your latest shipment of fan mail and vetted gifts. I’m going to pick them up along with what she called, ‘a metric shit ton of headshots to sign.’ So much for not working on your vacation.”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. “Lucifer’s biggest personality trait is his need for control. Or at least to fool himself into believing that he has it. When he loses it, it sets him off. In this case, to a new obsession. And that’ll be Dean if he takes him at his word and thinks that he didn’t do enough to ruin him.” He glances at his husband. “And if your expression is any indication, Dean, I get the impression you think you’ve done some damage to his fantasy.”
They climb out of the bed, stretching and yawning, Dean taking the time to appreciate Castiel's mostly naked body on display just for him. He'd loaned Castiel a pair of boxers, but neither of them had been eager to dress fully, especially since the room got nice and warm thanks to the closed door and a ton of afternoon sunlight.
“I think it’s a cause,” Castiel agrees. “Dean, there’s just...” his lips press together in thought, eyes unfocusing again to some point in the middle distance. Eventually he continues, “I feel like I already know so many intimate parts of you that maybe no one else is privy to because of our job.”
He pauses outside of Baby’s stable, pleased to see her poking her muzzle over the top of the gate. He smiles warmly and approaches her. “Hello, Baby. It’s been a while since I’ve seen you last. You’re still the same elegant lady as ever.”
Castiel rests his weight back on his shins to put them on a more even height. "Kissing you is amazing."
"Better than this?" Two more quick slaps. Dean doesn't pull his hand back after the second one, kneading hard again instead
Castiel somehow doubts that, but he has to acknowledge it’s probably just as the surgeon is saying. He doesn’t want to make the decision. But that doesn’t mean he doesn’t know what the right one is. He’s just incredibly tired of letting his husband down. Of causing him so much suffering. This is just more to add to the pile. “Sam and I will discuss it and get back to you.”
“No,” Dean says sincerely. He can’t think of a single skill of his that hasn’t been negatively affected by what happened.
Gradually, Castiel finds himself smiling. It's like a huge karaoke party. He'd rather have earplugs, however the mayhem is more infectious than it has been for him in ages. He even laughs when the band begins to play "Stairway To Heaven" and the entire theatre boos them, the lead singer booing them right back and moving on.
"Yeah," Sam breathes. He takes long, steadying pull from his beer and then sets it on a coaster on the coffee table. He pushes his laptop away completely and tucks a leg under him to face Dean fully. "You finally got around to flirting with him?"
Sam's shoulders jump. "Hey," he answers, not looking back. "I swear I won't grill you. I just wanted to make sure that you were okay."
"Like hell I'd do that," Bobby snorts. He turns and makes his way back across the bay. He turns around before reaching his office. "Idjit."
Bobby's behind the front desk, feet kicked up, reading a real newspaper like the internet was never invented. "Look who decided to show up," he says without looking away from the paper. He says that every day, even though Dean is perpetually ten minutes early. Gives him time to get his head in order and his jumpsuit on.
Balls tightening, the inevitable cresting over his scalp, Sam’s head thunks back against the wall again, painfully. “God, I love you,” he gasps, thrusting forward once, legs rigid as he comes into Gabriel’s mouth. He calms down just in time to feel a shot of heat on his bare feet. Gabriel never was careful about his own come.
Castiel gasps, fingers automatically going into Dean's hair. He grabs tightly, tugging, eliciting a pleased growl from his alpha. Dean presses closer and closer until he's squishing the air out of Castiel's lungs. Castiel groans when Dean sucks at his glands, and he inadvertently pulls in a heady nosefull of enticing pheromones.
Sam’s tears are hot on his shoulder and neck, his best friend buried against him like a grieving child and Castiel holds him closely, tightly.
“We’ve been over this,” Sam says reasonably, sorting through the boxes and stacking them more neatly for shipping. “Where would you and Cas stay? We’d have to rent two places, or buy a house that’s out of my price range, anyway. Then there’s Charlie and Gabriel to think about. Forget it. This is cheaper for now.”
Blindly, Castiel's hand smacks down on the end table, scrambling for the drawer when Dean can't seem to pull away. He gets his hands on them in almost no time, very nearly slapping Dean in the face with the box.
Castiel loves it. Can’t imagine being anywhere else. Hates himself for spending the last years running away for some privacy in a snowy cabin rather than getting partially drunk on eggnog, ears ringing from the boisterous celebrations.
"I'll never forgive you about that later," Gabriel says as he blasts into the bathroom and turns on the water in the envy-worthy shower.
Dean shrugs. "Dude, as much as I hate it, there's a wall that even my charm can't breach. He's a god here, and I'm a mechanical engineering nerd. Plus, he's probably straight."
I've added supplemental materials so that if you have any questions about how the Omegaverse works in this fic, you can read all about it. If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments or
Sam's eyes unglue from a fascinating spot on his tennis shoes to meet an amused blue gaze. In a second, Sam takes in what he can, and his eyes flick down to the name tag.
“You don’t, either,” Sam points out as they make their way to the car. “You haven’t been staying here, have you?”
It might be minutes later, it might be hours later, but eventually they settle. Everything starts to settle. The monitors keep up a steady rhythm, recording Dean’s life - he’s
“Oh,” Sam says with an air of curiosity. “I mean... I’m sorry I assumed. I totally don’t think it’s a bad thing, by the way. It’s just... especially in places like Texas, you’d think... uh...”
Muscle memory and years of training save Dean’s reaction time. He raises the pearl handled Colt and aims directly for the car’s front tires. Two quick shots and the driver’s side tire pops, sending the car into a screeching fishtail. Dean dives out of the way to a comfortable safe distance, but realizes too late that he’s also underestimated Lucifer’s driving ability.
Castiel doesn’t know, but he suspects he knows what Dean’s trying not to say, and it leaves a sick sadness in his chest that burns like reflux. “Dean, was your father...?” He can’t finish the sentence. Doesn’t want to make it any more real. For either of them.
It’s so overwhelming that Dean’s body isn’t sure how to react. It’s definitely pleasant, but it’s edging towards over stimulation. Castiel has done this to him before, and it was intense then, but they’ve never quite put all the pieces together into once scene.
He pulls off almost immediately, but they're both still trembling when Dean gets to his feet and they begin to wash off properly.
Castiel arches an elegant eyebrow while he carefully pours the milk into the coffee. "They'd be at Starbucks, I assume," he quips.
Shrugging, Castiel says, “Dean’s more important to me than my ego.” Dean’s fingers tighten around his briefly.
“Gettin’ a chub over freaking Castiel Novak,” she gripes like she’s just said an entire sentence of hardcore swear words.
However, no one has anything on Benny, who, after coming onto the set late to pick Sam up and return him home, ends up as an extra in the show. It’s a short-lived brush with fame, seeing as how Sam’s character shoots him in the head, but Benny laughs it off with a good-natured, “got paid to say one line and then lay on the ground and take a nap, so I ain’t complaining.”
“We’re going to tie ourselves together,” Castiel instructs. He places his left hand on top of Dean’s, looping the ribbon around their wrists with his right. “Help me tie this.” Dean’s right hand joins and they knot the silk into a neat bow. Dean snorts a small laugh. “You’ll love it once we get started,” Castiel admonishes lightly. “Other hand.” He draws their bound hands to the other wrist. It takes more fiddling this time around since Dean won’t immediately give in to Castiel’s full control, but they get the other ribbon tied. “You can talk for now. I can tell you have something to say.”
The question pulls Dean up short, though he guesses he should have seen it coming. Should have actively thought about it before. He’s slightly ashamed of himself to realize that he hasn’t. Then again, that could also mean his PTSD is improving greatly. “It’s similar,” he admits haltingly. “I d-d-don’t know how much yet, b-b-but... you’re right. Shit.” He rakes his hands through his hair. Or maybe not.
Castiel is at the desk taking care of the electronic files. He turns in his chair. “Same here. What are the chances he didn’t visit the set for the two weeks we were collecting intel?”
Dean clenches his jaw, teeth grinding. He nods curtly. Sam gives him an eyebrow lift, but Dean ignores it. He stares out the windshield, hands so hard on the steering wheel that his knuckles turn white.
Hearing that alone causes a tidal wave of relief. Sometimes all he really needs still, is to hear that his big brother has his back. With that taken care of, Sam grins harder. "Speaking of which..." he trails off significantly.
sounds nice when all the professors on campus start drowning us in tests and papers before midterms. I'd let you be my sugar mama, Charlie."
Dean smiles to himself. Yeah, for now he feels the same way. So he leads the way into the bedroom, to the center of the room, and he pauses. Still facing away. Still assuring himself that the palm sweat and the racing heartbeat are nerves and not a panic attack. Deep breaths in and out.
"You're lucky I love you and only want the best for you," Gabriel tuts, slipping Castiel's jacket off and hanging it back up. "And that I understand why you're acting this way." He arches a pointed eyebrow.
"So what?" Dean counters. "First of all, I don't think that's true. Second of all, even if it was, it's
"Yeah, yeah." Before Castiel becomes a dead weight against him, Dean angles himself towards his nightstand to collect his meds and a bottle of water. "You should probably know about these," he muses.
Dean raises his arm again, whipping himself in almost exactly the same spot. He cries out in a mix of pleasure and shocked pain. Pre-come beads from the head of his cock.
Sam follows behind, absolutely hardcore snooping for every detail he can see of Gabriel's private life. The living room alone is a good indication that Gabriel is into... everything, really. There's a long TV console stacked neatly with video games, Blu-ray discs, and an impressive stack of board games. The bookshelves flanking the large screen TV are packed solid with thick academic tomes, though the bottom shelves appear to be... upon closer inspection, romance novels.
And for a while he and his little brother have the whole world to themselves. But the cul-du-sac is a little lame on holidays. Sure, they can take over everything when they have the Fourth of July party, fireworks included, because who is there to complain? But when Jessica starts talking about wanting to move up from her apartment, both Sam and Dean point to the new For Sale sign right in front of the duplex across the street. Despite wanting neighbors to liven the area up a little bit, the Winchester brothers have to admit that a friend would be far preferable to a stranger. They have a housewarming party the day she signs the contract and pulls up in the U-Haul.
"You'll get all those boxes unpacked some day!" Sam argues cheerfully, clapping Castiel on the shoulder and guiding him to the porch door at the back of the kitchen to the patio where Eileen is watching over the grill.
"You're good at flirting when you're sleepy," Gabriel muses. "Call me anytime you're feeling this frisky again."
“Well, that was me being a fucking idiot and putting all my eggs in one, tall, sexy basket,” Gabriel quips without any bite. “Mutually assured destruction.”
Dean shifts back, suddenly nervous. His lower back hits the island. Figuratively backed into a corner. Naturally he’d forget his instincts with Castiel around. “‘Cause I can’t.”
Castiel puts in his Bluetooth headset and boots up the laptop. “No, he’s being fitted for his prosthesis today. Should I call back when he’s returned this afternoon?”
Jack shrugs with a pleasant expression. He sets the sidearm down on the table and slips the headphones around his neck. “I’ve always wanted to help people.”
Castiel jumps about a mile, shooting up in bed, awake, but not alert. It’s good enough, though. Dean rolls out of the bed in a practiced tumble into his wheelchair, beelining for the bathroom just in time to hang his head over the toilet and wait to see if this will be a bad morning, or a worse morning.
The first thing that springs to mind is, "because if I was, you'd still be spending your weekends putting your hand print on other people." His fingers spasm over his chest and then spread to where the memory of that first meeting is still impressed deep within his chest. "Unless you still are," he ventures, unsure.
Castiel smiles. “I know.” He clears his throat. “I can’t give you a definitive answer since I’ve never been in this situation before, but how I feel?” He taps himself on the center of his chest and Cain hums in the affirmative. “I feel that it’s worth it to wait as long as I need to in order to keep my marriage intact. Regardless of when Dean and I begin having sex again, there will be things we can and can’t do. There are lasting injuries that we can’t ignore and still be safe about it.”
Dean's lips tilt up slightly. He knew Sam would say that. Kinda loves and hates it in equal measure. Sam can't figure out how to repeat what he did to become more human, so he sticks around to make life more manageable for his big brother. Maybe Dean is just being too stubborn these days. It's just... he sees how good it's been for Sam to give up his nature and settle down as much as he can. He's not sure when it happened, but gradually they've both started to consider "normal" to be "human." Originally they hadn't even thought about taking on the morals of a race they weren't even a part of, but it has a way of seeping in the longer the exposure. The good and the bad. But what Sam's got is good. On late nights, Dean wishes more than anything he had it, too. It might not be in the stars for him, but that's okay. He's pretty damn content making sure his little brother isn't struggling too much.
"Right," Castiel nods firmly. Face set, he stares at Dean. For a minute it looks like he's carved of stone, but there's a lot going on behind his eyes. Finally, he says, "you're right. If you had been anyone else, I'd have your clothes off and dick in my mouth right this very minute."
Castiel turns Dean to face him, stroking his shoulders and then squeezing his upper arms comfortingly. “Yes, you do. You do what you’ve been trained for. Not wanting to need your training isn’t the same as not having it.”
Sam gets them to the arena three hours early, but there are still crowds of spectators wandering the grounds and booths. Once again, it’s bright and sunny and beautiful. Sam has people to schmooze, so he breaks off at the stables, promising to be back to see Dean’s event. Dean waves him off and goes to greet Baby for her warm up. She’d be happier to see him, but she’s distracted by Bobby getting her ready.
Never thought that he'd really need something like this so much. How was he even drawn to a rich asshole, anyway? It's still a mystery. Castiel had blown into the garage he worked at months ago bitching about his Tesla not working like it was a crime against humanity. Complaining even louder that there wasn't a dealership nearby so he was
Sam plants his hands on his hips and gets this look on his face that is Profoundly John Winchester for as much as he inherited more of Mary's features. "Dude, you need to give me something here because breaking our privacy rules is only for emergencies. Is this an emergency?"
On the whole, Castiel is immune to Sam’s pleading looks, but he’s tired, hungry, and weary from being in his own head. “Eight hours,” he says.
For the most part, Dean ignores the questions and answers in favor of staying vigilant, until a giggling teenage fan steps up to the mic and says, “so... I know you recently broke up with Ruby Cortese, and I’m sorry about that. But...” more giggling. “How’s the single life treating you?”
Dean gives Cain a look that suggests he can’t even imagine being naked together not leading to sex. It makes Castiel press his hand over his own mouth to cover his unexpected amusement.
His eyes are burning and he blinks rapidly, suddenly realizing that he'd been staring at the far wall so zoned out that he'd forgotten to blink. Geez. He glances down at his phone. It's a minute after four. Holy shit, zoning out sure is an effective time-waster.
“Yes,” Gabriel answers, refusing to be baited. “Your bro had some good advice for once, and he advised sleep. We should do that. Let’s do that.”
"I would," Sam admits. "I mean, I do. That's why I'm here in the first place. But... I'm not really religious or anything. Never have been."
When he shifts, Dean looks down, slips his glasses off. Bends down for a slow, chaste, achingly sweet kiss. "Hey, Cas," he murmurs
Castiel’s fingers drift to the line of Dean’s jaw. “This is what you’ve done for me. The act of tying you; knowing it’s there. Knowing that you
"That... doesn't have to mean anything," Gabriel says carefully and skeptically. "Did you ask either one of them if they did more than... I dunno, necking?"
“Why don’t we discuss this with Dean when he’s more awake?” Castiel suggests. “We still have time before you need to leave. Gabriel, I’m assuming you can see to Sam’s travel arrangements, and Benny, you can escort him until you meet up with Bobby?”
Victor grins and holds out his hand to Dean. “Agent Victor Henriksen. Nice to finally meet you in person.”
“That just means you ain’t bendy enough,” Dean sasses, sauntering over completely nude, proud of it, and perfectly aware of how his bowlegs affect Castiel.
"Let me at it, then!" Dean grins. He raises his fork, but Castiel blocks the move with his own. Dean arches an eyebrow.
Dean pulls away already feeling better, and watches the stars in Castiel's dazed blue eyes for a minute.
Laughing, Castiel shrugs helplessly. "It's good to have common ground on a first date. Shall we go, or would you like a cup of coffee first?"
Then Castiel is pulling back again, though this time he looks quite sheepish. "I'm so sorry," he mutters.
Dean hums, tongue stiff along the vein on the underside of Castiel's length. He's never been able to quite get the deep throating thing down before, but they've been practicing. Dean swallows. Castiel gasps. Dean relaxes further, leaning his head forward when Castiel makes another controlled thrust forward. His dick touches the back of Dean's throat and makes the muscles convulse.
With a small embarrassed laugh, Castiel says, “How about you face away from me? I really do want to help with all of this. Understand as much as I can about how you are now. But... maybe I should start with your back?” He gestures with the ointment sheepishly.
Dean does so. The box is heavy and wooden. He has no idea what’s in it, but some suspicions. He brings it over obediently and places it on the bed. “What is it?”
"This first week? It kinda sucked for me. I was worried a lot." He holds up a hand quickly. "Not about you going catatonic or something. More like..." he pulls his hand back, gesturing vaguely. "I depend on the routine, too. Since it's just you and me now, I have trouble thinking about what if's, too. It's comforting to have this schedule that doesn't change. No surprises. And if we ignore the parts that don't work out of stubbornness, it'll make something else worse. This could help ease the transition more. There's no shame in that. Not for me."
It’s rough and dry and there’s nearly uncomfortable friction. “Faster, Dean!” Castiel growls, biting down on Dean’s neck hard.
When Castiel prays that night before going to sleep, they are words of thanks. And for the first time in weeks, those words are genuine.
Dean does so, but he doesn’t relax. His arms flex as he rests them on top of the bar to keep them from tiring out too quickly. It’s awkward trying to balance in such a spread eagle position, but he manages to distribute his weight property, suddenly incredibly aware of how vulnerable it is.
"That's why the party!" Charlie chirps, always unable to stand for a down mood or depressing topic for too long. "It'll be a great weekend. Seriously cleansing for the soul. We'll all come back bright and shiny and less likely to lay face down on the floor and cry until Christmas."
Wincing as the previously unremarkable sensations start to become decidedly uncomfortable, Sam strips down and buries his clothes in his hamper. He'll do the laundry tomorrow so that Dean doesn't have to see or deal with how well Sam's night out went. He tiptoes down the hall to his bathroom and quietly shuts the door. He turns the shower on as hot as he can stand it, and while he waits for it to warm up, catches sight of himself in the mirror. He chuckles at the crime scene on his body incredulously.
"Ooh, hey there sexy!" An accursed voice sing-songs from the doorway. "I was told you were getting ready for your big date!"
Dean purses his lips thoughtfully. Idly he picks up a fry. Then he points it toward Sam. "That. I like that. I'm gonna roll with it."
Sam is convinced that Charlie has some sixth sense about knowing the second he gets to campus. She practically teleports to his side when he's halfway to the student center, grabs his arm, and jumps up and down a few times, making his teeth rattle.
Dean slouches back in his seat, rips off his glasses, and groans. “Fuck, we need to vet these hotels better. I hate location shoots.”
He prays that Dean's well enough to go to work, but there's no such luck. Dean is smack dab in the center of the living room on the couch, watching TV when Sam arrives home hours earlier than intended.
“D-d-different,” he admits, rolling his shoulders. “It’s... d-d-deeper than the other kinds of pain.”
Back in the bedroom, Gabriel's laid out the proper wardrobe on the bed. Castiel eyes it critically. Jeans, his prized AC/DC shirt, and the black leather jacket he's felt guilty about wearing since he became an activist, yet can't make himself part with since it's soft and extremely well made. He arches an eyebrow at his best friend. "This might be worse than the suit."
Gabriel must catch some sort of weird look on his face because he responds with a weird smile. Sam doesn't recognize it yet, but there's something in it he's not sure he likes. As if he's about to be teased. Instead, though, Gabriel asks, "never had a pedicure, I take it?"
"At least it sets me apart," Sam answers blithely, shoving the pillow above Gabriel's shoulder and settling his head on it. That's marginally better. "I suck at cuddling."
They fall into silence then. Castiel is almost afraid to breathe too hard, lest the moment shatter and escape him. He knows that Dean considers his softer side to be something of a weakness. Castiel understands that. But it’s a shame, if this is how it really is. Of course, he wonders if Dean’s willingness to fully let his guard down now is because he views Castiel as strong enough to take up the slack. Or at least not judge him for it.
"You're right, but it was rather dramatic," Castiel concedes. "I don't normally use it, but every now and then I crank it up to keep it in proper condition. The pressure gauge or something must have been off, and..."
Unsure of what's gotten into him, Dean says before he can think, "only if you let me call it a date."
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, you should’a b-b-been here when the landscape d-designer came in. B-b-built a lot of houses for the rich and famous. Said, his aesthetic was ‘artful b-b-but easy to secure.’“
“He can beat literally anyone,” Sam answers. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen him drunk, even after twelve shots and a bar crawl.”
Charlie listens to the whole thing quietly, and with a mildly impressed expression. "I get that. First of all, I think it's awesome what you're doing for your brother. And what you did for yourself isn't small change, either. But I don't think you can control everything. Dean's gotta get out into the world in his own way eventually. Not everything is gonna be a win, and it would do both of you a disservice to act like it would be."
“I know,” Dean sighs. He back steps to the bed and sits on the edge, head in his hands, weary to his bones. Worried to his core. He feels the bed dip as Castiel climbs up behind him, straddling his hips and using his hands to massage out the worst of the knots. He follows up his ministrations with small kisses to the back of Dean’s neck, across his shoulders, warm and adoring until his husband sags against him, Castiel supporting his weight with firm hands wrapped around his chest.
“Ten is the goal for tonight,” Castiel says. “This softer kind of flogger won’t break your skin as easily, but we won’t risk it. Keep to your chest and back. Avoid your kidney area. And remember to take your time since your pleasure, pain, and completion are contingent upon each other. You must come this way. Do you think you can do it?”
“Yes,” Castiel frowns. “Many.” He slips up behind Dean, palming over his shoulders, making a show of brushing the nonexistent wrinkles from his jacket. Voice pitched lower, he says, “so very many.” He gives the waist of Dean’s jacket a hard, frustrated tug.
The date lasts through dinner, a leisurely stroll through the shopping district taking the long way to the dorms, then a shy hand-wringing offer for a drink in Castiel's room which Dean accepts.
Dean’s arms begin to shake from the tingly sensations radiating through his body and the effort of holding his weight up, so he carefully lowers his hips until he’s situated on Castiel’s thighs, their dicks sliding together for a second as he settles.
Dean blinks. Tries to process what he’s being told. But he can’t. The individual words make sense, but the meanings of the sentences do not. Which is a little frustrating because Castiel is the one person in Dean’s life who he can count on to always speak plainly. Maybe his brain has actually been scrambled by the kissing. Viable option, really.
“They hover,” Dean answers. “And Lis-s-s-sa’d kill m-me if I d-d-d-didn’t keep up my ex-x-x-x-xercises.”
Surprised that Dean knows much in the way of firearms history, since he’s more of a practical man, Castiel answers, “no. This particular model was retired before I entered the Marines. My whole family’s had one as a service weapon, but I had this one refurbished just for you. I felt it suited you better. My father gifted it to me when I enlisted, but it didn’t have any of the embellishments until I decided to give it to you.”
Almost too eagerly, Castiel complies, gesturing for them both to take a seat at the table. Dean folds into his chair with a sigh of relief. Before Castiel joins him, he goes quickly to the fridge to grab them both cold bottles of water. He puts them on the table, then sits down catty corner to Dean. He wraps his long fingers around his bottle, tracing the condensation with his thumb.
“Hey, Jack,” Dean says, clapping him on the shoulder on the way to the kitchen. Jack slows his pace automatically, it being second nature now to keep up with Dean. Dean grabs them both a beer. “I, uh... I wanted to say thanks... y’know... again.”
It sounds like snake oil, but Sam's always believed in therapy. And at this point he's willing to do whatever it takes, because it just can't keep getting worse. Even if it doesn't get better, it
What he can't swallow, he spits towards the drain, then welcomes Gabriel's limp weight on top of him, rubbing his back as he trembles through the aftershocks.
Gabriel laughs, completely unrepentant. “Someone’s gotta keep this taco stand running in your absence, right? I’ll be there at the end of the week to help you back up. Plus, you haven’t been out of the office in weeks. I suspect a vitamin D deficiency is what’s making you so moody. Is Anna there yet?”
And Sam, drugged up and broken arm set, doesn’t raise any questions or concerns on the way back. Gabriel calls to tell them that filming will be held as long as needed, and Sam feels so guilty about it, that he mopes straight to his room, leaving Castiel and Dean with silence and heavy air between them.
“It’s lovely, thank you for sharing,” Castiel says, oddly touched at the gesture. Then he yawns. “If I fall asleep, don’t let me drown.”
Gabriel plops down into the chair opposite. "Them's high school quitter's dreams right there. Think bigger, Samshine, you're pursuing higher education now."
“We need to,” Castiel counters. “We’ve been together for a month now. And Sam’s returning to work tomorrow. We’ll be living in a rental home, and things will need to change. We need to set up the ground rules. Concrete rules. Otherwise, it’s too big of a risk. We haven’t done this while balancing a full workload. And we can’t afford to be distracted with Sam’s safety at stake.”
He can’t shrug or say he doesn’t know, but he doesn’t. He’s never actually come from just prostate massage before. But he’s damn sure he’s about to learn if he can.
"Oh," Dean says. "Like the honey and the paintings you have the local artists hang up to sell, right?"
"I wish," Charlie laments. "But it's just that sometimes they can get... shall we say, a little out of hand. Dorothy put the kibosh on my having them too regularly when we moved in together, because
Castiel blinks owlishly at the hand. Then his gaze shoots up. He opens his mouth to speak, then his nose scrunches like he's about to sneeze. He clears his throat, makes another attempt to say something, and gives up.
An anklet. A new one. One for each of them. And they appear to be identical. Dean rubs his fingers over the woven design. Platinum with yellow gold. Braided strong and beautiful. “You have one, too,” is all he can manage to say. He’s entranced by the gift, but also feels a little cheated that he didn’t get to put Castiel’s on for him.
The student center is noisy and suffocating. Fall has been pretty literal lately, the sky dumping torrential downpours at all hours of the day and night. It's taken the temperatures with it, and brought almost a thousand desperately sleep-deprived students indoors to flood the cafe in the same way that the rain is flooding the streets.
Dean’s green eyes bore into Castiel’s for a long pause. Searching for something. Then he says, “yeah.”
Castiel’s face contorts with bliss, back arching to press Dean’s fingers deeper inside. It’s clear he hadn’t been in this particular position for quite some time on the regular since he’s tight, obviously forcing his body to take the prep work with concerted effort. That’s why Dean makes sure to broadcast any change he makes, watch intently for any signs of pain. Thankfully, there are none.
She beams at him. “No problem! Also, side note, your bulldog of a manager caught up with me in the hallway and demanded I sign an NDA as soon as I got here. Which I did, if it eases your mind any.”
Gabriel sighs. Of course he'll show. He always shows. Embarrassment be damned, discomfort be damned, Sam Winchester will have his ass in his usual seat, and he'll take notes, and ace his exams, and get A's on his papers, and Gabriel will be the one wondering what the hell could have been done differently to make it all better. Make it all
Castiel’s shoulders begin to shake as he reads whatever is on the phone. He drops his fork onto his plate in favor of covering his mouth to stifle his choking laugh.
“I’ll stay as planned,” Castiel placates, dropping his duffel bag to the floor. “Bobby said he’s willing to cover for me with a guy he’s training. I’ll stay with Dean and travel with him back to Austin.”
The water sloshes as Castiel sucks in a breath through his teeth and palms himself. “Why didn’t you?”
Dean gives Castiel a warning look in the midst of bringing them full plates. Castiel winks at him surreptitiously when a chime from Sam’s tablet draws his attention away momentarily.
He heaves the suitcase onto the bed and unzips it. Right on top is something he hadn’t packed. It’s a legal envelope with a piece of notebook paper taped to the outside. He picks it up and turns it over. He’s sure that he hadn’t forgotten to finish any important paperwork before he left. Instead of reading the note, he unclasps the brads securing the envelope. There’s a thick stack of papers inside, but he only needs to see the first page.
Cas doubles over, covering his eyes. In an abstract way, he knew that this was a possible progression of this dream. He’d say that the sight is something to give him nightmares but given the current situation, it seems redundant.
Cas groans. He was avoiding this conversation. “It’s not your fault,” He says, mustering as much authority as a little brother can.
“I’m not saying that you weren’t in pain. I am saying that everything I can think of that could explain this doesn’t match the first hand accounts from you two. Nothing that can explain this.” Ruby taps again against Cas.
“Only more of the same.” Castiel remembers the first time that he dreamt of Chuck. The loss was raw, less than a month after Chuck was pulled to hell by invisible hounds. He remembers sobbing to Anna, who was not equipped to handle a situation like that. “They’re just nightmares, Anna.”
“Not how they described us in vacation Bible school?” The man says with a smirk.  He advances toward Castiel and taps two fingers to Cas’ forehead.
Anna looks to Castiel, an open invitation to explain. “We’re looking for information,” he offers. “I may have been contacted by an angel.”
A beat passes as the ghoul realizes its cover is blown. The ghoul wearing Cindy leaps forward. Castiel raises his shotgun. Gun cocked, trigger pulled. Boom.
He finds the seediest bar he can find. Castiel is surprised at the healthily populated bar on a weeknight until he remembers he’s currently in Wisconsin. He settles in near the corner and orders a gin and tonic, extra lime. He blends in fine with the local clientele of henleys, work boots, and carhartt milling around him. He watches a group of patrons play a team game of cricket. A blond man on team one lines up and throws his first dart. After clearing out 20s, he retrieves his darts and stands on the outskirts of the group. The movement catches Cas’ peripheral and he looks up from his drink to a stare. The man’s eyes linger on Cas, smirking as he looks him up and down. Cas quirks an eyebrow and looks away.
Castiel shakes his head. He may be wary, but that was enough to grab his attention. “Why are you here?”
. The hypocrisy still stings. Chuck can make a deal and be damned to hell, but no child of his can make the same deal. Each child honored their promise. Then came Ruby. Anna will be the first to point out that no, she has not made a deal. Chuck said nothing about
Anna knocks gently on the door frame. Jim’s head snaps up, eyes twinkling with recognition. “Castiel and Anna Novak,” he says with a smile, dropping his pen and standing up from his well-loved leather chair. He gives each of them an affectionate hug, beckoning them to sit down in front of his desk. “What are you doing here in Blue Earth?”
Time to move. Cas slips down the alleyway, ignoring the whoosh he hears behind him. Castiel feels a sharp pain in his shoulder, dancing down his collarbone and residing at his would-be stab wound. Suddenly, he’s face to face with a man advertising a mechanic shop on his work shirt. The name ‘Dean' is sewn into the shirt. “Cas, you’re a hard guy to find.”
Call him touch starved, but he misses this. Now, pressed up against another warm body, something hungry stirs in Cas. He grips at Luke’s hips and pulls forward, grinding against him. Cas sighs, feeling lightning strike through him.
A demon’s black eyes wide as Anna progresses with Ruby’s knife. Black smoke curling out of a boy’s mouth, destined downwards. Chuck’s eyes darkening as he grabs his demon’s knife.
The shower turns off with a clunk. Castiel, still quavering, dries off. He pauses as the terry cloth rubs against his cheek, noting its sensation. Taking long, deliberate breaths, he grounds himself as best he can. Any therapist would be proud.
Defeat settles into Castiel. Visions of Chuck wielding a blade wash over him. Castiel considers the lifetime of torture dreams waiting for him. How long would it take for Chuck’s eyes to turn fully black?
The ghoul’s body collapses onto him and the air is knocked out of him. With his good arm, Castiel shoves the carcass off of him.
“We came to see you,” Anna beams, “Cas and I ran into a case and we’re wondering if we can pick your brain?”
Castiel’s dream floods back to him immediately. Faces covered in blood as a knife slits. A demon’s blade in a human hand.
Cas freezes. If one more monster mentions Chuck tonight, he’s going to hunt down everything in a 50 mile radius and kill them all.
The knife slides out of him and now the pain is so much worse. Wordlessly, Anna presses gauze on the wound, pushing down tight. She grabs his left hand and directs him to the wound. “Press.”
“Yeah, probably.” She says with a laugh. Anna leans against the wall, thumbing through the program. She scans the lobby and with a chuckle, points toward a corner by a staircase. “There’s your old hiding spot when we used to play hide and seek.”
He angles his eyes towards his shoulder. It’s still bloody, but he isn’t worried. His time is up, and he doesn't have the energy to argue with it. He looks back up towards the bright ahead of him. Castiel considers the old phrase about going into the light. He digs his left elbow into the ground beneath him and pushes himself to a sitting position. No need to rage against it, he’ll go peacefully.
“I’m pressing down on the knife wound as hard as I can and then that light showed up out of nowhere. There was this ringing, it was so loud. I thought that my head was gonna burst.” Anna replies.
Approximately 207.5 miles later, they pull up to the parish. Stepping out of the car, Cas takes a deep breath. He gives himself a moment to take in the familiar brick exterior. It’s been three years since he stepped a foot in this Parish.
Castiel assesses the blond. He’s scruffy, about the same age as Cas is. He wears a smug smile that doesn’t seem to fit right. Not dangerous, nervous. Cas downs the rest of his drink and nods.
Castiel presses his palms harder into his sockets, bringing him back to the motel room. “That light. The light that touched me.”
Castiel’s best distraction has always been hunting. Even now, with the last two days fresh in his mind, it would be nice to work something easy. He nods.
Cas rolls his eyes and turns, wordless. Given his night so far, he’s half expecting to bump into someone who claims they’re the tooth fairy. Going out to clear his head was a mistake. He needs to make it to the Volvo and contemplate healthy coping mechanisms on the drive back to the motel.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Castiel lies, tapping his hand against his jacket pocket. Relief floods through him as he touches Ruby’s knife. The demon may have gotten into his pants, but it did not get into his jacket.
“That demon you were rubbing up against wasn’t lying, Cas. Chuck Novak spilt blood in Hell,” the angel says, “That started something up in Heaven. Call it a cosmic domino effect.”
Castiel wanders the halls while mass continues in the chapel, stopping to observe each stained glass window.
Morning comes quickly. He wakes to Anna’s empty bed and the shower running. He groans. She’s beaten him again.
Cas lowers his gaze to the floor and shakes his head. There’s nothing to discuss that hasn’t already been said.
Chuck screams as the demon pulls the blade towards itself. Castiel averts his eyes, avoiding the sight of his father’s arm torn in twain.
Castiel aches for a case. September 12th is coming fast and Cas wants to hone in on any distraction that he can get. In between keyword hits he scours local news for oddities, willing something to pop up in a 50 mile radius that would warrant a closer look. He’s not surprised when he doesn’t find anything but curses to himself anyway. He knows that Anna is struggling too. Two days ago her eyes glazed over during research and have not recalibrated since.
Cas fumbles to his phone. 2:24 am. August 26. No new messages. With a sigh, Cas sets his phone down and closes his eyes. He prays for a new dream.
Castiel tilts his head at the closing door. He feels raw, and discussing Gabriel feels like hitting an exposed nerve. Images flash of the hellhound’s claws digging into Chuck, tearing him apart. Castiel and Anna screaming, guns cocked and emptying into the hounds. They called Gabriel the next day. Anna was twitchy and Cas was numb, but Gabriel’s reaction was unexpected. Their older brother told them there was nothing more than they could have done. He would no longer dwell on it and advised they do the same. Of course, he wasn’t there when it happened. He didn’t see the life seep out of his father like Cas and Anna had. At that point, it felt like he was separated enough from the quest to keep Chuck alive that it was no longer an issue for him. Meanwhile, his siblings listened to him on the phone, shellshocked. A year later and nothing to show for it, Gabriel may have been right all along.
Cas holds himself together as Anna fumbles through her pockets for more gauze. He notices how wet his shirt is. “How much blood, Anna?” He gasps.
Cas softens, switching from hunt mode to brother mode. “Yes. What is it?” Anna looks ragged. He moves to sit beside her on the bed.
Then, Cas remembers the first true genuflection of his life. Sixteen and kneeling down in Inias’ room, Cas takes a nervous breath before taking him in. Inias uses the Lord’s name in vain. Cas feels a hand running through his hair, grip tightening when Cas hollows out his cheeks. The next day, Chuck told his son that his soul was sold to Hell. Castiel is an adult now and knows that there’s no reasonable connection, but his mind still reels. Try as he might, he’s never successfully separated the two moments. Chuck never knew, but that wasn't his to know.
“I'm just happy you’re speaking full sentences now,” She says with a laugh. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Anna checks on him during communion. She offered to sit with him out in the lobby, but he shoos her back in. She’s not convinced. “You know, he’s talking about angels.”
“Makes sense. I mean, there’s nothing that makes a strong argument for a link outside of dreamland.” She offers with a weak smile.
Distrustful of his balance, Castiel places a hand on the shower wall and leans into it. Stomach still churning, he curls down. He takes stock of the items surrounding him. A solid wall, complimentary shampoo bottles, soap still wrapped in its wax paper.
Cas stumbles back, vision turning prickly. Chuck used to explain in gentle tones Castiel’s namesake. The shield of God, keeping a watchful eye on humanity. Cas stopped believing in the stories years ago. Now, with an angel before him discussing the shield of God, he reconsiders. “What’s the real Castiel like?”
Castiel cuts her off. “And you would prefer that? You’d rather believe that it’s not just a nightmare, that I have to watch Dad suffer?”
Castiel buries the memory, pulling back his hand but not his mouth. “Please don’t,” he murmurs into Luke’s neck.
And there’s the kicker. This victim’s footprints were clear on the trail where she was last seen. Hiking boot tracks following a common trail before nothing. No drag marks, no sign of a struggle. Nothing besides another set of footprints following hers before she vanished.
They sneak out a side door into a cramped alley. As the door shuts, Cas feels chapped lips against his. All pretense is gone now. He leans forward as Luke steps backwards, give and take. Cas grabs at Luke’s shirt collar when Luke hits the wall behind him.
Ruby and Anna move to another room and get to work. Castiel opts to stay where he is and flips through an old book. It’s nearly indecipherable, written in Old English, but he tries his best. In the other room, he hears Ruby and Anna speak in hushed tones.
Chuck’s skin breaking and knitting itself back together. The hilt of the ghoul’s knife. Castiel’s bloodstained shirt burning up with bloody gauze. That poor woman on the rack, weeping as another human progresses towards her.
Now, Castiel knows that he cannot stop it. He will watch a demon torture his father, who he loves. He can scream and cry and throw punches at the demon, but nothing will change. He will remain invisible. Chuck will scream as metal punctures skin. Castiel will watch, helpless, as the demons prepare for another bout.
“Is that all you talked about?” As the words leave his mouth, Castiel realizes he doesn’t want to know the answer. Gabriel may be content to be out of the life, but Castiel cannot comprehend how a hunter can step down. There is a fair point to be made that Gabriel is older than Castiel; he had the opportunity to experience his teenage years before the family started hunting. Meanwhile Castiel was given a shotgun and told to shoot at fourteen. Perhaps Gabriel had the necessary life experience to find something adjacent to normal.
Anna taps Castiel’s shoulder. “Hey,” she says, continuing when Cas looks her way, “If you want to sit this out, I get it.”
He’s horrified at the familiarity. Cas has seen this play out more times than he is comfortable admitting. He watches the demon break Chuck’s fingers one by one. He watches Chuck react to each snap. Tendons rip, muscle shreds. The demon pauses, laying hands on Chuck. Castiel watches the jagged bones become whole again. Chuck’s shattered knees reassemble. He is healed.
The light around him goes supernova. He looks up to the light beside him and realizes they are no longer alone in his dream. All around him, white lights ignite in a semicircle. He loses count of entities around him. Chuck’s knife buries itself in the screaming woman’s chest. At the action, the lights erupt into song:
. Castiel paces down the halls and stops at a stained glass window. Staring at the virgin Mary, he leaves a message. “Gabriel. It’s Cas. We’ve encountered something that I don’t know how to explain over voicemail. Call me when you get this.” He mutters before killing the call.
The first minutes of September 12th pass in silence. Cas stops his work and raises his head to meet Anna’s gaze. Her face is guarded from emotions, but her eyes betray her. A year in, and they are no closer to saving Chuck than they were when he was ripped apart in front of them. Even with Ruby whispering in her ear, it’s hard to argue that they are on a path to rescuing their dearly departed father. In this moment, she is as hopeless as he is.
The motel room is still while Cas watches the clock tick away. At 12:23 am, Anna returns to the room. At first she says nothing, analyzing Cas’s face. He breaks from his trance and looks to her.
He sighs and wets his lips. What can he tell her? Every grisly act he performs on a hunt makes him imagine a demon inflicting the same on Chuck. Anna cannot know this, but she knows when he’s lying. She’s known every lie he’s told since he was twelve. Dishonesty will make her feel worse, and Cas doesn’t want that.
Chuck’s demon places its blade in his father’s hands. It gestures to the young woman. The blade drops to the floor. Chuck is sliced again. The new woman’s demon lifts a blade and sinks it into her.
He’s sixteen, dipping his fingers in holy water, then touching his head in the sign of the cross. Then Castiel is seventeen, holding the nape of Inias’ neck, pulling him in. Wondering where he’ll go after he dies; knowing where Chuck will go when he dies.
Chuck languishes in Hell. Cas can recognize it in his eyes. A year of Earth’s time in Hell and God knows how long in the pit, his father’s eyes are as dead as ever. Cas notices the bright light beside him again, observing the scene as Castiel is. This time it makes no effort to touch him, unmoving from its place beside him. Without the direct touch of the light, the dream is silent once again. Castiel is thankful for that.
Castiel scribbles in his journal, documenting their hunt. He pauses when describing the hunt’s end. Aside from the fact that he had no idea what he should even say about it, he doesn’t find it appropriate to mix hunts together. Cas finishes recounting the ghoul’s untimely end so sloppily that even Gabriel would tell him he’s rushing to be done and turns the page. One hunt ends and another begins. He writes down the bare bones: a dying hunter is greeted by a bright light that heals him, then vanishes. The dying hunter is made whole again with nothing to prove he was ever bleeding out. The hunter’s sister also sees a bright light, but can’t look at it. Her ears ring and she sees stars. No leads.
“You don’t know that, Cas,” Anna counters, “If the dreams are real, maybe Ruby can find where they have him. We can find-”
“Cas? Hey, hey,” she murmurs next to him. Anna feels light years away from him, in a different dimension. “What happened, was it another dream?”
Anna shuffles through her pockets, pulling out gauze. “Dammit. Okay. Okay. We’re gonna be okay, alright? I need you to stay still.” She tries to steady her breathing. With shaky hands, she grips and pulls.
Chuck, put back together, sighs a breath of relief. The demon places its blade in Chuck’s hand. It closes Chuck’s fingers around the hilt and murmurs something inaudible. Chuck’s hand tightens, gripping before dropping the blade. Castiel imagines the sound of metal hitting the ground. The demon appears to sigh before bending over to pick up the fallen blade. It takes the blade in both hands and sinks it into Chuck’s forearm. The cycle repeats.
Dean, still preoccupied with the shirt he’s wearing, doesn’t look up. “You? Keep an eye out for now. You gotta be prepared for what’s coming.”
The man continues. “You died in Goshen, Indiana. As your soul was ripped out of you, a strange light appeared. And suddenly, you’re moving around like nothing happened.”
Cas takes a moment to really look at Anna. She’s smiling weakly at him, but there’s hope simmering underneath. She turns to the pulpit and looks genuinely happy to be in a church again. Until now, he hadn’t considered that Anna did not want to be lapsed.
As the light makes contact with Castiel, he hears Hell. Screams, cackles, fire burning. He can hear it all. His attention turns towards Chuck when he hears a loud crunch. He immediately regrets this as he observes his father’s cracked open head. Chuck’s demon adds more pressure, squeezing tight. Castiel winces at the sight of pieces of brain exit his father’s head.
is telling him that he’s needed in some kind of biblical quest, but Castiel is concerned that the angel is using a nickname. Still, he’d like to know how much the angel knows about him.
The angel steps towards Castiel, waving his hand in from of his face. “Hey, Cas? You still with me?”
Castiel runs through every case he’d ever worked, searching for any loose end that made him uneasy. Maybe it’s the shock, but nothing stands out to him. “Messes?”
The room feels liminal, the only light shining courtesy of a nightstand lamp. Anna has returned to her bed and looks up when he returns. Eyes expectant, she says nothing.
Gabriel's scowl thaws slightly. "I can understand how you'd be shocked," he says as airily as possible with a completely stuffed up nose. "I
"And y'all are all geeks. No dishing, then. You'll end up doing something like making a DnD drinking game or watching weird movies."
Tonight, though, Dean is ready to accept the pleasurable kind again. At least he hopes so. He won’t know how his brain or body are going to react until they’re doing it, but Castiel knows that and can watch for the signs instead of leaving the responsibility all on Dean. Plus, the secondary pain from their other scenes has been pretty awesome so far. Mostly, there’s just something in his very core telling him that nothing else is going to take away the anxiety and calm him like Castiel’s discipline will. No talking or reassurance or hand holding. He needs something more
Even burning with embarrassment, Castiel fearlessly states his wants, and that just about does it for Dean. Does it enough for him to slide out of his chair, push Castiel to a sitting position, and slip into his lap. “I’d let you, you know,” he murmurs, kissing away any possible reply, save for a sigh, right off of Castiel’s lips. Castiel tilts his head up, eagerly accepting Dean’s offer with a chaste return of the contact; a repeated touch and release that turns into dozens of kisses while their bodies press closer and closer to each other. Dean’s fingers wander into Castiel’s soft hair, sifting through it hesitantly. Castiel’s left hand splays out between Dean’s shoulder blades, exerting only enough pressure to keep him close; his right hand molding possessively to the back of Dean’s neck.
The morning rush is just ending anyway, Dean the last one behind three other people as the cafe empties out with the other local coffee snobs heading off to their respective jobs.
Castiel glances over. "For twenty years I've dealt with drugged up rock stars, teen idol assbutts, high class groupie hookers, and egos larger than the heaven's above. I think I can handle you, if you're willing to open up and be honest with me from now on."
Castiel pokes his head in, watching Lisa standing by the bed, hands on her hips, watching Dean, who is actually sitting up completely, holding a pair of light hand weights, arms straining parallel to the bed. He’s shaking terribly and sweating. Sam is perched on the couch, watching the goings-on with great amusement and absolutely no concern.
“You’ll have me,” Castiel promises sternly. He rips Dean’s shirt over his head, baring his chest to the cold air. His palms flatten over Dean’s pecs, then he slowly curls his fingers, blunt nails digging into flesh, scraping hard and closing his hands until he’s pinching Dean’s nipples.
“Dude,” Dean protests, shifting up to a sitting position and rubbing his eyes. “You had every reason to.”
back. It was frustrating. So, I learned how to measure myself, what cuts would fit my body type, everything."
Gabriel offers up his other hand and tangles all their fingers together. "I'm assuming you want the real story instead of the song and dance that I give to everyone else?"
, because why? Because a bunch of network exec’s and teenagers decided I was worth screaming over and photographing while I check the mail in my underwear?”
The woman cuts an impressive figure entering the courtroom to take a seat behind her bench. She glances up, either unimpressed with the proceedings or just very good at being unreadable as she says, “Mr. Brady has called Castiel Novak to the stand. Please speak into the microphone and state your full name.”
There’s a table dead center on the floor in front of the gallery, spread with papers and notes. Brady might be extremely good at his job, but he’s quite messy when left on his own. They take their seats side by side and wait briefly. The court stenographer enters from a side door first, and then the guard announces Judge Taping.
Castiel pulls the door open and retrieves the salad and bread. "Man after my own heart. I thought you were joking when you mentioned it."
Castiel doesn’t mind him falling asleep. His stress, anger, and frustration are gone. He’d done that for his sub. For his husband. He spends all the time he wishes dabbing cooling aloe gel on Dean’s skin, more content than he can remember being, despite everything that awaits them outside their haven. The world can wait. They’ve earned this reprieve.
Castiel passes by Dean’s room on the way to his own and sees a sliver of light leaking out from under the door. He dithers outside for a moment. Dean is probably getting ready to go to sleep. He’d been out most of the day and come home exhausted. He probably doesn’t want the distraction so late at night. It’s rude, really.
"He's not really my student," Gabriel reminds him. He puts his feet up on Sam's chair, and Castiel immediately nudges them back down. "I'm Nick's TA, remember? I read the papers, but I don't grade them. I just pass my notes along and Nick decides what the letter'll be. I only issue grades for the multiple choice things. And he never lets me teach 'cause he's a great big bag of dicks."
“Apparently enough to make millions selling his line. He’s already planned an outfit for you to wear for your competition.”
the back entrance,” Dean growls, blocking Sam’s left flank from the pressing bodies and incessant camera flashes. It’s an extra hassle trying to keep Sam’s arm from being jostled. “Cas, what do you say about blacklisting this fucking hotel in the future?”
Dean gives him a curious look, but doesn’t say anything else. He smiles briefly then nods. Castiel waits until he’s inside to allow his face to drop into a concerned frown. His former worry over what’s going on in Dean’s head about their relationship follows him all the way to Cain’s office. They had cleared the air the night before, and Dean had certainly been in good spirits after going to Tran Bionics, but... Castiel had noticed an extremely distinct difference in his interactions with Lisa, Kevin, Chuck, and him. He’s been on high alert since the night before, of course, but Dean’s treating him so much more distantly. They’d had a few moments where it had looked like they were back to where they’d been, but it had been so stark. Almost jarring.
“Sure,” Sam says sourly, painting the picture without any difficulty. “Sam Winchester meets Ruby Cortese on the set of his new television show, and the two hit it off between takes. Instant chemistry. The All American Boy Scout charms the consummate party girl, inspiring her to keep herself on the straight and narrow all the way back to stardom and adopting two dogs!”
"Not totally," Sam admits, bumping her shoulder affectionately. "I mean, I guess I'm not completely outgoing, but that DJ left himself wide open."
Castiel hates that. But he can help here, too. “You’re the strongest profiler the city had when you were on the force.”
But vaguely the things he wants begin to filter in against the unwelcome noise. The heat in his head is replaced by the heat on his neck from Castiel's breath. The bugs start to dissipate to tingles.
Then Missouri says, “Dean. With this ring, do you promise to love, honor, and respect Castiel until death parts you?”
Castiel comes to the edge of the bed and beckons Dean over. He stops just in front of Castiel's knees. Castiel reached up and gently takes Dean's wrist, his nimble fingers unbuttoning the cuff of the shirt and smartly rolling it up his forearms. "I don't look good in everything," he says, sounding shy.
Dean scoots forward. They're only a breath away now. "It'll probably happen, but the fact that you're willing to try not to is enough."
Dean hadn’t ever worried about any of that until ten minutes ago. He knows he’s not invincible. And he can still see his dad getting thrown, trampled, and horned as clear as it was yesterday. He can’t help thinking that it’s some sort of cosmic joke that the only time he’s had such a cold thrill of fear for his own mortality is the same year he’s considering preserving it.
Castiel crosses his arms over his chest. “That woman was half your size. If you couldn’t have stopped her by yourself, you shouldn’t be a bodyguard.”
Castiel shifts, rubbing the top of his left foot over his right ankle. “It’s...” He swallows. “Just open it,” he finishes, pained.
"Exactly!" Castiel smacks Dean's arm lightly for emphasis. "We never went because my garage door was stuck and you fixed it, and it took so long that we missed all of the reasonable show times."
Dean crosses his arms over his chest smugly. Lifts one finger. Castiel follows the direction up to the ceiling. He blinks again. Dean revels in the slow realization as Castiel’s eyes widen and his whole body startles. “You...” he starts, voice incredibly rough. “Dean, you
Castiel slaps the shower controls and strips Dean of his shirt in seconds. "I know you do," he says. "That's why I got so angry." He kisses all over Dean's chest and shoulders. Up his neck. "The people we love the most are the ones who can hurt us the worst. But I know you. Sometimes you have a problem with speaking before you think."
to be professional! I was asking a professional question!" Donna insists. "I swear I wasn't asking about anything over a PG-13 rating!"
Sam and Dean high five like they’ve won the World Series. “Better get going then,” Sam nudges Castiel towards the garage. “Takes a couple hours to get there. Dean and I will load up the cooler and we can leave when you get back from Charlie’s. Ask if she wants to come, too!”
Sam’s retort is cut off by a planned patterned knock on the door, signaling the arrival of the rest of the security team.
Dean just heaves a huge sigh. Then he glances at his phone. Then he makes a disgusted noise. Then he taps the phone screen on again.
Easing into a more genuine smile as he leans forward, Dean murmurs, "I can do that." His palms slide lightly over Castiel's stubble, drawing him closer. Their lips meeting is almost effortless. Soft and sweet at first. Exactly like last time. And it was so awesome last time. For once, Dean's brain decides to run with that instead of a dozen hazard protocols and warning alarms. It makes him bold.
“Trying to prove you’re not old acting like a toddler? Fine. Let’s go, but I don’t want any of the carnival food here. I need something real.”
He uses up almost all of the deli meat making himself a monster sandwich for dinner, and Sam's not there to remind him of his cholesterol and the fact that there won't be anymore sandwich meat until the weekly shopping trip, which is still five days away.
In response, Dean hums his agreement, the vibrations hitting the base of Castiel’s spine. Shortly thereafter, Dean’s finger finds its target against his prostate and Castiel knows in a second he won’t last long. At all. As ever.
Blessedly, Sam doesn't even flinch. He just swivels around to grab the lotion, ointment, and bandages from the sink counter. They're always there, right on display. "It's not a failure," he says quietly as he first works the heavy duty Vaseline lotion into all the cracks and crevices of his brother's hands. They're still bleeding a little bit, but not too badly anymore.
Sam doesn't answer, just gives a small nod and gets out of the restroom as quickly as possible without making it look like he's hauling ass. To his astonishingly huge relief, Gabriel is by the staff entry waiting for him with Sam's overnight bag that he'd left in the booth. Without another word, Sam grabs his arm and drags him through the door, only breathing easy once it has closed behind him.
Dean watches him go and then makes his way upstairs to his own room. Then down the hall to Castiel’s. He’s pretty sure the man hasn’t packed everything he’ll need for the couple weeks they’ll be at the hotel. His suspicions are confirmed when he turns on the light. Castiel’s room is immaculately clean as usual, but his suitcase is still in the closet, as are most of his suits. He can’t have taken more than a couple of shirts and slacks, if he took any at all in his mad dash to run away from home like a big goddamn baby.
And Dr. Barnes is gracious enough to work around them. Dean seems to be wavering in and out every few minutes, stirred only by Dr. Barnes doing things like changing his dressings and poking at him for some reason or another.
Dean wants to say thank you, or beg for more, but words are beyond him, as is knowing exactly what he wants for himself. He can only lie back completely at Castiel’s mercy as the man shifts down until he’s straddling Dean’s hips this time, fingers wrapping around both their lengths.
Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off of the horse. “She’s why I knew I couldn’t be a breeder. That I’d have to handle the back end, or do nothing at all for the family business. That I’m glad you’re her owner. That I’d stay all night with her if it helped the both of you. You’re not just an investment. Not either one of you.”
He goes willingly, shucking off his jacket as he kneels down onto the mattress, getting in Gabriel's way when he tries to push up. "Elbows!" Gabriel giggles, nearly getting clocked as Sam tries rushes to divest.
“He changes all of his security codes every ninety days; I’d never remember them,” Dean answers. “But he’s pretty sentimental, so...” he keys in their wedding date. The safe door clicks open. Smiling softly, Dean murmurs, “cheese ball.” But then he gets a peek inside and can’t help totally agreeing with Sam’s noise of astonishment.
Chuckling, Castiel answers, "same here. How about... let's each make lists of what we'd like to do, and then compare notes? Nothing says we have to follow some standard dating protocol. Having fun and getting to know each other is much better, right?"
Sam puts his head onto the backrest, looking upside down at Castiel. “Hey, Cas,” he says. “Still doing the midnight workouts, huh?”
The need he holds under his skin is beyond his ability to even comprehend. "Can you make it hurt?" he asks breathlessly.
Not like he hadn't spent a pretty decent amount of time throwing the poor kid into the maw of Nick the Dick. That absolute broken crayon had been as pleased as a pig in shit to hear that Sam had scheduled a meeting with him. Gabriel shudders as he pulls out his wallet and angrily pays for his sweets.
Castiel nods and makes his way around the table. In a swift movement, he yanks the back of Dean’s trousers down with his boxer briefs, exposing only his round ass. “Good God, you’re beautiful,” Castiel murmurs. “But perhaps you’ll be even lovelier with a blush of red.”
“You are not!” Castiel protests. However, his smile grows with the laughter of the crowd around them. How could he not have seen something like this coming? “Can’t Fight This Feeling” is so very Dean. So very fitting. So very... a feral grin curls Castiel’s lips...
Considering, Castiel tilts his head from side to side. “That’s very noble, of course. But if it’s true, why would you choose to be a bodyguard? You’re only protecting one person in this line of work, not the many.”
Grimacing, Dean says, “yeah, I think so. Whoever he is, he’s getting less stable, if the deterioration of coherence in his letters is any indication. We should probably double our efforts to find out his identity.”
Dean bites his bottom lip, holding back a huge surge of laughter at Castiel's expense. What a nerd! This is fantastic. This will work. Dean can actually work with this. Furthermore, he wants it to. Sure, he's mentally kicking himself for having worried so much about it, but that's kinda his thing. He worries about everything. He's glad that Castiel is somehow able to make things easier.
He’s into his cool down when Lisa casually says, “so, I was thinking we could invite Cas to the appointment. He’s been asking about how our hunt is going for the perfect prosthesis.”
Huffing a laugh, Sam says, “not really. I’d most like to tell you to throw those papers back in Dean’s face. He’s seriously leaping forward.”
The smile that follows the relaxation is beatific. "I'm unsure how my colleagues would react to all of that change so suddenly." He's teasing. He hopes that Dean knows he's teasing.
“Because you’re goddamn exhausted, Dean, and despite some evidence to the contrary, I don’t believe that the hard way is always the best way in the end,” Cain says succinctly.
"I wasn't," Gabriel insists. He shuffles into the room fully with a tray of food. "I was too freaking busy making you chicken soup from scratch. So you can pack up that asshole routine and tell me why you're really pissed."
Dean actually smiles slightly, peering around. “Sh-she saw ev-v-rything-g-g, man. We paying-g-g-g her enough?”
Dean nods, still not meeting her gaze, but she doesn’t seem to mind. Or perhaps expects this reaction. “I’m going to fit you with your prosthesis when it’s time, and teach you how to work with it. I’m also cross-trained as a physical therapist, so I’ll also be overseeing the rest of your recovery process as well. Or, at least until you can return to Texas. At that point, I can refer you to someone else, if you prefer, or you can hire me fulltime. I’m from your neck of the woods.”
“This is different,” Dean says, passing the tablet over to Castiel to look over the profile and the notes Dean had made in the file. “Those were mostly from religious rights groups and shit. I’ll bet dollars to doughnuts the little brother’s some sexuality other than straight, and Lucifer here ain’t happy about it,
“I tried,” Dean answers, stripping off his shirt and dress pants, not worrying about wrinkles as he tosses them onto the armchair by the window. “It’s hard enough trying to protect Sammy from
“No,” Dean answers, stepping even closer and pressing kisses along Castiel’s neck and collarbone. “He walked by the room and heard us fucking.” He chuckles warm against Castiel’s mouth. “We probably scarred him for life.”
There’s a significant pause and then in a strangely tender tone, Bobby says, “you’re really gonna beat yourself up over this, aren’t you? That ain’t how I taught you, Castiel.”
“Okay,” Dean answers, like he’s putting the puzzle together one tiny piece at a time. “So, why do you even want me, then? In case you haven’t noticed, I’m a busted up cowboy, and kind of a dick.”
The problem is, and always has been, that a thrall goes both ways. Once it's triggered, both the siren and the human are helpless to fight it. So, it comes down to one's survival, or the death of both. Dean isn't sure which option is better anymore. Hasn't been for a long damn time.
A tentative smile curls up the side of Castiel’s mouth. “Thank you. You’re more forgiving than I deserve.”
Gabriel slowly reaches up and peels the sticky note off of his forehead. Turns his wrist to read it.
His enthusiasm is a bit grating, but Dean’s never really liked lawyers, anyway. Thankful he’s never had much contact with them outside of Sam’s graduation, and that had been plenty. He contemplates that as they finish their coffee and snacks right as there’s a knock on the door, and a court officer is there to take Cain to the courtroom.
Dean can tell he's got the guy's undivided attention. "It has to do with what you were just asking about. Uh. Worrying about me and Sam. It's... it's mostly me."
Annnnnnnd, jackpot. Castiel’s face goes even redder and his summer-blue eyes flick away. Dean could get used to this. Somewhere behind him, he hears Balthazar mumble, “oh, please.” Which amuses him until, in a louder voice, the designer says, “actually, the both of you make a striking pair. I have a few ideas for a shoot that would--”
Charlie appears from the kitchen then. "Drinks are in there," she chirps, gesturing behind her. "Pizza will be here in about an hour. Until then, what are we doing?"
A moment later he bonelessly allows himself to be gathered into Castiel’s arms. It feels like they’re both trembling. Dean buries his face against his husband’s damp neck, smelling his musk, tasting the salt. Nothing registers for a stretch of time.
Sam snorts another laugh. "Yeah, I got that. Fine, I'll do it. But your lack of enthusiasm kinda makes me nervous."
Without thinking about it; without needing to think about it, Dean's hand flies out and grabs Sam's sleeve. "Come on," he demands. He shoves to his feet, dragging Sam out the door with him. Once away from curious ears, Dean swings Sam around slightly more roughly than intended.
. Tell me how bad it is. Tell me all the medical jargon you need. I need to know the details, not the sugarcoating.” He reaches out, clenching and then releasing Dr. Barnes’s arm. “I need to know
"I love naps," Castiel muses wistfully. "They're very healthy. They help with restoring energy, brain chemistry, lower blood pressure..."
There's nothing for it now. No big deal. He's making a mountain out of a molehill since he hasn't been out socially in ages. Overthinking everything. That's definitely something he's used to.
It's not his imagination thinking that Gabriel sounds a little whiny when he answers. "Moose, the whole
. All of the irrational scenarios flashing by in an instant if he does, or maybe doesn't do, this thing. The house burning down, Sam in a devastating car wreck, and now... now Castiel. It's not a fleshed out nightmare scenario yet, but it's definitely Castiel and it's definitely bad. Dark. Castiel laying on a dirt path, black ashes spread from his shoulders. He can't see much, but Dean knows this feeling. It's an intimate feeling. He's felt it twice in reality, and countless times in his panics. "He's on the other line," Dean croaks. "I gotta go." He can't even wait for a goodbye. He'll lose his nerve. He just clicks the line over. "Cas."
He’s fairly certain he’s not supposed to laugh, but one slips out, anyway. Dean laughs with him, though, shuddering as he cleans off his sensitive dick. “So I don’t have to worry about it?”
Dean scoots up on the pillows. “Yeah, I g-g-get that. But it’s y-y-your d-dealbreaker. Was from th-the st-st-start.”
“I love how cheerful you are in the mornings,” Dean says with an uneasy grin and falsely-light tone.
"You're probably right about that," Castiel agrees. Then he waves a dismissive hand. "I've definitely aged out of that. I haven't got the stamina anymore. Good, old fashioned monogamy suits my poor, ageing body."
Castiel arches his back when Dean’s slicked fingers stroke down the underside of his dick, over his perineum, pressing against his hole. He hisses with pleasure and then whines with impatience when Dean refuses to move.
hard for Sam Winchester. Being both excited and terrified is freaking difficult. Especially as he gets older. Especially when he feels way too old stepping back onto campus for the first time in years. He doesn't remember everyone looking so young before, and that's saying a lot since Sam himself is only 23.
Castiel tugs Dean’s hand until they’re facing each other. He doesn’t let go. He never lets go. “Dean.” The name crackles. He clears his throat. “Dean,” he repeats. “I don’t think that I can tell you how much I love you. Or, I suppose I
Cain arches a heavy eyebrow. “Of course not,” he says mildly, tone indicating the exact opposite. “But there’s something called ‘projecting’ that has an insidious way of expanding our negative emotions outwards further than they belong. Have you felt any of that?”
He dances until he starts to sweat. At least, he thinks it's sweat until it starts to itch a little. He pops his eyes open to see Charlie and Dorothy laughing and holding plastic cups with paint brushes. They've been dancing in their little circle painting on each other with the glowing paint, and shaking the brushes at Sam. He looks down and sees his shirt dusted with multi-colored freckles, guessing it's also probably on his face and arms, too.
Sam wraps his fingers around the coffee cup, the warmth giving him a small measure of comfort, which boosts his confidence. "The last time I fell in love with someone, she was also my drug dealer," he starts, letting the worst of it go first. "I know I mentioned I did drugs to you briefly before, but it... it got bad. I OD'd and went to rehab, and then I got myself back on my feet. And Dean, he... well, he's had his own issues. Nothing like drugs, but that's his deal. I can't go into his personal business with you. That'd betray his trust. It's just... we've had to help each other out a lot over the years, and it's stressful, only the two of us. I've, uh... started to go to therapy 'cause I'm basically this huge ball of anxiety now. Meds, hand-holding through all my personal mental shit, the whole nine." He sighs.
