“I think it may be best if we return to the Inn. I’m not sure there is much more we can do right now,” The Doctor suggested quietly and Castiel looked at the footprints as they went off deeper into the forest.
The girl fixed her eyes on Sam as he approached her. She seemed to stand a little taller without the gun in her face, “Look, I’m not interested in being friends and I have no way to help you out of the stupid ass mess you’ve gotten yourselves into, but if you give me my gun back, I won’t tell anyone about you and I won’t come back for your stuff until you’ve turned or left or whatever, ok?”
As the exited the gate, Castiel used crushing prison to push the lever back down and the gate urged to a halt before shifting back down. Behind them, they could see spiders coming out of the shadows on the dock, hissing and shooting venom, but it was barely enough to reach the gate. Dean and Cas rowed quietly, trying not to disturb the water too much worrying it might bring attention to them. The tower gave a large shadow, hiding them from the moonlight, and they rowed to stay in it, just in case someone looked out the window. The boat was easily big enough to see, even from the top floor.
From the stories at work, he also learned how brave the man was. Cas, being fae, could fly and shrink himself which as a fireman became incredibly useful. He could easily get himself into places others couldn't, his added strength made it easy for him to bust doors down when needed to and his auras could sooth victims who were going into shock. The more Dean learned about him, the more impressed he was with him. His angel was not only drop dead gorgeous, but selfless, loyal, smart as hell, interesting and courageous. Needless to say, it was driving Dean crazy that he couldn't see him more and even more crazy that when he did see him he couldn't kiss him.
“Yup...freaking old.” The two grinned at each other and Kevin continued, “Anyway, what I meant to say is that...you could keep in touch sometimes you know? We could talk and stuff. Maybe I could kick your ass at online chess?”
Dean had to admit, he'd turned his head at a lot of things, nothing too horrible, his brothers hadn't done half the things this guy was claiming templars did, but people like Gordon, he wouldn't put anything passed Gordon. “We aren't all like that and mages are dangerous and susceptible to demonic influence, maybe things aren't done right by everyone, maybe rules get abused, but it doesn't mean we aren't necessary. Mages need templars to keep them safe and circles to be educated. I may not agree with how it's done, but no where in the world has it right. Changes need to happen, just getting rid of the templars and hoping things work out for the best is not the right answer.”
The group went back to the Inn and crowded into Ben and Kevin’s room. As they looked at him expectantly, Kevin felt a nervous, unsettling wave crash and thunder through him. He had no idea how his friends would react when they heard about the bugs. Would they understand why he did what he did? Even if they didn't, he believed that they would want to help. After all, they had been actively trying to help stop Naomi since she first arrived. Even though he probably shouldn't, he trusted them. He was inspired by them, and he knew that with whatever Naomi was preparing next, they were going to need to work together if they wanted to help this community. It was time to include them in his investigation.
On the way down they chatted about random things, nothing too personal, mostly things like sports and current events, but it made the time fly by and soon they had reached the bottom. They got their bikes and headed back into town. When they got towards the bridges that lead over the river Sam slowed to a stop, “This is my turn, but if you want I can-”
“How about Pictionary?” Jack suggested, and Claire’s eyes lit up, “Yes, definitely! I bet you can only draw stick figures!”
“Oh yes, that's why,” Balthazar mused as he went upstairs. Castiel watched him go and couldn't help but think about how Anna would have been first. He had tried to convince her to stay for her harrowing, but she wouldn't have it. She said it would be easier to slip out beforehand while the tower was busy preparing for the ceremony. She wasn't wrong, but at least if she had done it she could have been a little safer: a little more prepared. She could have even waited until she was invited to a talk at another circle and let herself get 'lost' on the way there. There could have been a million other things she could have done, but she was so impatient. He missed her.
Benny was panicked, exhausted, and desperate. He seemed to be falling apart one step at a time as he paced around the room trying to figure out a plan. Dean longed to help him or at least take some of the weight off his shoulders, but this was Benny’s wife, and these were his people; Dean knew there was nothing he could do or say at this point that would help, so he waited quietly, like everyone else, ready to follow Benny into hell if need be.
“You have to understand, your education here is important. Being a mage isn't all throwing fireballs around, you are in danger at all times...you of all people should know how easy it can be to be susceptible to demons. We can teach you control, we can help you so that you never hurt anyone again, but you have to let us. You can't keep sneaking out like this. As you are now Sam, you are a danger to yourself and others, you must understand that.”
Generation after generation, the stories were passed down until they seemed like silly bedtime fairy tales for children, designed to make the new generation take care of their planet properly. Not that those sorts of stories were necessary, after all, their entire culture was now deeply embedded in the love of the trees.
“It feels like so long since I could just sit down and play,” Cas hummed with a smile, “I think the last time I played was against your brother.”
Kevin chewed at his lip, “My mom…went down on a run a few months after we joined up with Benny. She was a crazy fighter…super resourceful and brave. She threw herself head first into anything, no fear. Benny’s a good guy…without him and the others, I would have fallen apart…I still feel like falling apart sometimes.”
Cas opened the door to find Dean alone, his face, red from the cold, was barely sticking out from behind his scarf.
begin taking turns getting some sleep, tomorrow is going to be trying.” Cas said and Dean shrugged, “Go ahead, I'll keep watch.”
“Probably not for an hour or so. It's hard to tell now that we are all on different schedules. If you want, I can give him the message.”
“Och, Doctor, now what’ve you done?” Kevin looked over to see Jamie’s finger caught in the decoration while the Doctor fiddled with the ribbons trying to free him, “Now, don’t fuss Jamie, we just have to take this part out and-“
As the sunrise poured its first pale light into his room, Dean's phone's alarm shrieked to life and began to scream incessantly. Dean flinched awake like usual, groggily grabbing at his cell phone to turn the alarm off. After a minute of quiet, he managed to rub his eyes open and look around the bed for Cas.  A small smile spread on his face, “Aw baby, did you fall off the bed again?” He pulled himself up enough to crawl over to the other side and just as he did, his hand slipped slightly on a crumpled piece of paper. “What the...” He picked it up and looked it over before turning it around and finding a short note written in a brutal, sloppy hand.
Kevin looked at Sam in confusion for a minute, but seeing the pain in Sam's eyes, he knew Sam needed a distraction, “Well, like I said my mom is a fighter. When the templars came to take me, she was going to take them all on. She would have killed a few and probably gotten herself killed if I didn't surrender myself.”
“Yeah,” Sam nodded, nearly to tears with relief. They went through their other classmates and only one had failed by the time it was Kevin's turn, but just knowing one of the girls they had grown up with had died in that room was enough to put everyone on edge. The time was crawling by and the air seemed to smell of death and hopelessness. When he heard Kevin's name, Sam wanted to take him out of there and run away. He wanted to kill every templar in the room and empty the circle.
“Nothing fancy today,” Dean said tightening his grip in Cas's hair, giving it a slight tug that made Cas moan before he was pushing their mouths together again; their teeth crashed painfully, but they quickly got to soothing one another with their tongues.
The group watched as the Doctor inspected them with a small magnifying lens from his endless seeming pockets, “Ah yes, these will be perfect, I think.”
When they finished unloading the last box Dean looked towards The Chantry, “Well, I better go see my brothers. Take care of the guys while I'm gone ok?”
It seemed like they had waited for hours, but it couldn’t have been that long before Dean and John returned. “Well?” Jamie asked.
Dean knocked and waited, but he didn't hear anyone inside. He tried knocking again, but nothing. His hands started to feel a bit cold and he could feel the need coming on. It's just the stress, he reminded himself, but knowing that he was lying to himself made the words ring hallow.
Mary thought quietly for a moment, “Alright, we’ll do this like we do everything, we’ll take a vote. This decision could save us or kill us and we all have a right to voice our opinions. Right now, if I’m being honest, we don’t have many options. The other communities aren’t sending help. We could try to contact them again, but even if they did come, there isn’t much they can do outside of shuttle us out of here. It would take days for them to shuttle everyone off to other communities and for every group that left, we would still have to fight our way out to the landing platform. We could lose a lot of people that way, we would probably all be scattered throughout the different communities, and ultimately the problem still wouldn’t be solved. If we follow the Doctor’s plan, it will still be dangerous and people could get killed, but we would have a chance to not only survive this, but to retake our home and save our trees from whatever horrible poison Anna has subjected them to. My recommendation is that we give the Doctor’s plan a chance and if that fails, we rely on the other communities to come for us.”
Cas hummed in thanks for the warning and backed off to take only the head in his mouth as he continued to suck and rub his length to the movement of his fingers still penetrating deep in Dean's hole. With a broken shout from Dean, the flavor of vanilla coke was quickly joined with the rush of cum that filled his mouth. Cas continued to suck and rub until no more came out, then he swallowed and licked Dean clean the best he could before slowly removing his fingers from him. Dean pulled Cas up to lay beside him, curling his arms around him and bringing them tight against each other. “That was fucking awesome...you....are fucking awesome.” Cas laughed as Dean moved in for a kiss. Dean let his tongue move against Cas's in an almost tender, lingering movement before he pulled away. “Vanilla coke.” Cas laughed again and pulled Dean into another kiss.
Together they managed to lift the debris enough to get a look underneath. Dean felt his heart stop as he looked at the broken body of Jessica Moore. “Dean? Is she alive?” Meg asked, taking on more of the rubble so Dean could get closer to her. He put his fingers to her bloody neck and waited, praying to feel something.
“You ok?” Sam asked as he rolled his hips, trembling with the need to move as he fingered Brady's hip bones tightly, getting a good hold.
“Possibly…you never know. Either way, perhaps we can change to something a little more family friendly?”
“Take a look to your right and you will be able to see the machines themselves.” Anna gestured towards some windows on the right that looked into the center of the building. It was full of massive machines that Kevin didn’t really understand, but the size alone was staggering. He took a couple pictures and continued to move with the group.
They traveled down towards the first floor. The mages couldn't be seen sneaking around with weapons after curfew, they would instantly be apprehended, so they moved slowly, listening for guards in each section of each floor of the tower. Dean walked ahead of them and signaled them when he saw a templar coming from the front and Kevin kept a close watch behind them, but it wasn't enough to make any of them actually feel comfortable.
In the end, it was beautiful. A makeshift wall surrounded with spikes and traps that sealed off the road starting at the hills and leading to the river. Lewiston’s 30,000 people may not all end up going north, but at least this would deter the stragglers from using this old dirt road.
“Thanks, Castiel. You won’t regret it,” Sam said with a wide smile, but Castiel still couldn’t return it. “Should we still go get the Impala? We have all kinds of supplies. Food, water filters, and tons of weapons, just in case.”
“You can try all you want, but Dean's generally averse to anything good for him when it comes to food and beverages,” Sam said with a shrug.
A few more drinks in and they were so drunk that Ash had his arm around Dean and was trying to get him and Benny to kiss. “No, but, I made this happen, I should get to see. You guys were after each other for years dude, and I had to watch all the endless flirting, I should get to see this.”
“Ah, my feet feel better already,” The Doctor announced as he slipped further into the water until only his head was visible above it.
Sam's heart twinged with a quiet ache at seeing the plant, “Thanks Brady.” His voice was a bit more breathless than he intended as he took the plant.
Cas smiled and watched Sam take his turn, “Yes, it felt like a big deal. Though, it was when Dean was recovering from his lyrium withdrawals, so things were confusing. I'm not sure either of us really knew what we were doing or saying at that point.”
“Lately, all I can think of is how broken Michael was after what happened to Lucifer. I heard he was trying to make them turn him tranquil.” Sam shuddered at the thought and curled his legs over Kevin's pulling him closer.
The higher he went the harder it seemed to be for branches to follow, but the shuttle wasn't built for high altitudes. Ash balanced the difference, leaving the plane shaky, but mostly safe from the branches' assault.
Several walkers were closing in on her. Dean knew he had to be quick, he took a slow breath and lined the first one up, and with incredible speed knocked down three, one after the other.
Benny thought for a minute, a small smile forming on his lips, “We make a trade. You said you can help Kevin, so take him home with you. As collateral, and as a way to make up for the people you killed, one of you stays here. For the one that stays, you work off your debt and help us deal with the herd, and then when the other brings Kevin home, a picture of good health, you go home. By then, we’ll have gotten to know each other, seen what you had to offer as far as medicine and manpower go, and we’ll get to see whether or not your word means jack shit.”
“Most people who don't eat meat for a long period of time and then suddenly have it again, tend to get sick,” Cas explained and Dean flushed.
“Keep it in for a while.” Dean said quietly and Cas nodded, collapsing on his chest. “You been practicing Cas?” Dean teased as he ran his fingertips up and down Cas's sweat stained back.
“Yeah,” Sam replied quietly with a light chuckle, as if even across the room his voice would only reach Kevin. Kevin felt his cheeks burn a bit, he wanted to continue the conversation, but he had no idea what to say, and just like that his window of opportunity was over and Sam took the plates into the kitchen.
“She cannae actually think people will agree with her, can she?” Jamie asked the Doctor and the Doctor closed his eyes in thought before responding, “She truly believes that what she is saying is right and her community obviously supports her, so she has no reason not to believe that others can be swayed.”
“Yeah, I'll write him tomorrow. I'll just make it sound like I'm taking one of my vacation days or something, tell him to pick my lazy ass up.”
'This staff was made by our armorer, it's made of stormheart and silverite. That's a ruby at the end and the handle is imperial vestement cotton lined with great bear fur. It should serve you well, I waited on having Sam's made because you said he was tall and I didn't want it to be too short for him. I'll get a good size of him when he's here and send you a finished one for him. If he has any specific preferences color wise or material wise, let me know ok?'
Sam looked up at him with eyes heavily shadowed from a lack of sleep. He shrugged weakly and looked back at his food. Dean didn't want to get into a chick flick moment, hell he would do anything to avoid one, but his brother clearly needed him, which meant it was time to man up take one for the team.
“If you’d like, I can escort the young lady, I was planning on catching up with my friends anyway,” The Doctor offered flattening his rumpled jacket in the front.
“Honest? You want fucking honest? How about stay the fuck away from me? You don’t know shit about me. You think we had something just because we banged a few times? You were nothing but a warm body to me. That’s it.”
“Sam, they will be fine, and they'll understand. This is where mages belong, your family wouldn't be safe if you went back untrained.”
“Let's just, try to keep our heads down, ok? Once we pass our harrowing things will be better. We'll have more rights then.” Cas remained silent and stared at the ground as if tempted to set it on fire. Sam assumed that was as close to an agreement as he was going to get.
Blood dripped from Dean's mouth and his head was spinning as he tried to get up, but she used wrath of heaven to stun him and keep him on the ground. When she saw him helplessly laying there she clapped her hands together and laughed, “Aw, Dean, where are your little mage friends? Not here to help you?” She skipped over to him and gave him another hard kick, laughing as he rolled over gasping. Another kick, then another, next one to the face.
Sam gave a sad smile, “Yeah, it can be a bit, much. It has to be done, but…” They both let the conversation trail off and shared a comfortable silence of shared understanding. Sam put the last piece of his gear into the cloth bag and Kevin began to grow eager for something to say.
“I will, I will,” Sam said laughing and hugged his brother before heading towards the frat house with the sound of the Impala roaring behind him as Dean left. All at once different people were introducing themselves; everyone seemed to be as excited as he was and rambling about a variety of topics ranging from keggars to philosophy. Out of the group, one man with dirty blonde hair and stormy gray blue eyes walked up to him with a particularly relaxed smile as he offered his hand.
Sam laughed, “I know, I wouldn't bail on you.” Sam took a quiet breath looking at his toast, “You really think it's gonna be that good?”
“Ah, alright, well, I’ll just finish my numbers up and then we can go.” Kevin grinned and turned away before he could say anything embarrassing. He realized that that moment, that up until then he hadn’t taken a breath and couldn’t help but laugh a bit to himself.
“The snow has been pretty heavy, it must have been difficult to get here, which direction did you come from?” Castiel asked and the three looked at one another as if silently communicating.
After around 15 minutes, Anna called the whole house down for eggs, ketchup, and watered-down orange juice. It was a madhouse in the morning and the dinning table was crowded with everyone elbow to elbow, but it was awesome. They really were all so happy, and somehow Dean had found himself actually a part of it.
“You don’t have to. I want to. I’ll sleep better knowing you and the others are safe. Besides, I wouldn’t know shit about how to help the kid. Killing Zombies, going on runs, drinking beers with the big burly mountain man? I can do that.”
“Dean, I know Mary raised you and Sam outside of the life, but losing them, this world lost two great hunters and as it stands now, without them and without you and Sam, one of the most prominent hunting lines is over for good. I knew your other grandfather you know, Henry Winchester. We didn't always see eye to eye, but he was a damn good hunter, your daddy too. They both wanted you to carry on the Winchester line. Mary was...too optimistic for her own good. Always wanted to see the best in this world, to think that someday hunters wouldn’t be necessary, but that is naive. It's like dreaming of a world where we don't need police. People need to be kept in line, and supernatural beings even more so. I know you must think they are just misunderstood, but Dean they are nothing but animals. That fairy your with, he may look almost human, but he's not. The fae get in your head Dean, they control your emotions and your physical chemistry. With hardly any effort they can tear you apart from the inside out, make you believe what they want, make you feel what they want. They are manipulative. How do you even know that anything you feel for that boy is genuine? How many times has he got his magic in your head, numbing the pain of unfortunate situations or mistakes to make them seem not so bad, or maybe made your heart quicken when you were alone to make you think he hung the damn moon. It's not real, son. I know it feels like it, but it's not. I'm your family Dean, without your parents, me, your cousins here, we're all you and Sam got left, and I'm trying to protect you, trying to help you see what's best for you.”
The people saw their trees as a blessed gift from the gods, a miracle that had given them exactly what they needed when they needed it. From then on, they treasured the Androzani, took care of them, and lived amongst them.
Kevin continued eating and glanced up at Sam. Sam was talking with Dean and Jo, obviously trying to embarrass Dean by the way Dean was glaring at him. Kevin had never eaten a big ‘family’ meal like this. The biggest group he’d ever eaten with was his work colleagues. Every year they would have a party around New Years to celebrate their work, or boost morale, or something, Kevin wasn’t really sure what the point was, especially since most of them were competitors rather than friends. The company was full of cut throat people wanting to get ahead; they would steal stories from each other, sabotage one another, and fight for raises and promotions. But this was nice and comfortable.
“We saw you guys in the area, so we thought we’d come say hi,” Dean offered with a well-practiced polite, yet slightly threatening smile, the kind he used when he went to collect debts.
Sam nodded looking around the room, his eyes stopping on Kevin’s for a moment creating a cessation in Kevin’s heart, but Sam quickly looked away and seemed to shrink into himself, almost as if he were ashamed. Kevin watched him a moment longer out of curiosity, but his attention was soon called elsewhere as Mary and John went into the center of the room.
“Oh fuck yes it sounds acceptable. Give me that beautiful cock.” Cas positioned himself halfway over the head of the bed and guided his dick into Dean's open mouth. He moved slow at first and let Dean's throat relax. At first Dean gagged a bit, chocking for air around Cas's length and his eyes started to water, but after a few slow thrusts he went lax. Cas was careful never to go too far or too hard, but he moved in quick little bursts, feeling the hot wet tight warmth of Dean's mouth and the slickness of his tongue with every push and pull. He glanced down and saw Dean's eyes blurry with pleasure. Cas arched a bit, his wings trembling behind him as he fucked into Dean. When he felt his orgasm nearing, he pulled off, panting. Dean watched Cas compose himself which only made Dean even more painfully hard, he could barely register how loose his jaw felt or the drool on his chin, everything was just Cas.
“I don’t think so…no. Even if they did, my family wouldn’t care, and they won’t say anything…you don’t have to worry about it…”
“It's not that easy Cas, most people who try to stop go mad or they die. You saw how bad I was last night and that was just from a day without.”
“Ugh I could not eat another bite. Someone is going to have to carry me upstairs as it is,” Polly teased and Ben laughed, “Don’t look at me, I’m just gonna sleep down here.”
“On your back. I want to look at you while I fuck you, because this isn't like what happens so often here, this is about love.” Dean's face felt on fire as Cas ran a wet fingertip along his jaw, pulling him in for a passionate kiss. Cas guided Dean to the bed and moved over him.
After a moment of breathless kisses and desperate moans, Kevin got more confident and finally let his hand move up to Sam’s hair, gripping the thin silky strands gently. Sam gasped as Kevin tugged lightly and then came back even more fiercely into the kiss, biting playfully at Kevin’s lips. Kevin felt all of his blood and heat melt to his cock; he longed for everything he could get, whatever Sam wanted, he’d give it. He was nearly in position to move into Sam’s lap when Sam broke the kiss, and pulled away, taking several deep breaths. Kevin looked at him and knew instantly something was wrong.
On weekends, Dean would visit the Hideaway to see Cas, though most of the time Gabriel wasn't letting him slack off like he did the first night Dean visited. Particularly through their texting, he learned a lot about Cas. He learned that the man loved to read, not as much as Sam with his ignoring people to read thing, but he did love it. He wanted to go to school for art and music, but didn't have the time or money so it never happened. Cas had become so good at repairs because they didn't have the money to get things fixed most of the time, so he got use to researching how to fix things and doing it himself.
Kevin's grinned, “No see, that's what I'm going to have you doing, since you're going to be running as my vice president. You give them the puppy dog eyes and they'll be putty in my hand. I'll revolutionize this whole damn country and no one will even notice. Whole new health care system, brand new education system, socialism everywhere and all anyone will be talking about is how cute the vice president's efforts in puppy-adoption are.”
Sam waited for Dean to say something, but when he didn’t, Sam gave a quiet, “Thanks for telling us, we’re here to help, so, if you need anything…just ask.” Castiel gave nodded in response.
After a few quiet kisses, Dean moved his forehead against Cas's and rested against him, leaning into the embrace, “He's going to tell the other templars what happened when he gets free.”
“What that….JACK?! CAS?!” Dean shouted, stomping through the field. There were so many unrecognizable faces, he glanced them over one after another, until it was a blur. Somewhere behind him, he heard Sam shouting, but he couldn’t turn around until he heard one word so filled with joy, love, and relief that sliced through his building fear and stopped him in his tracks: “EILEEN!” Behind him, among the hundreds of figures stumbling to their feet, was Sam swooping up his beloved in his arms.
“Homemade, they still make noise, but not the kind that’ll echo through the hills at least,” Jody answered as she and Donna got their guns ready.
After the house got quiet Cas opened the blankets of his bed and Dean slipped in with him. They huddled tightly together, radiating heat. In the morning, before they went down for breakfast Cas pulled out a small box, messily wrapped in red paper and Dean pulled out an equally poorly wrapped gift for Cas.
“I wish I could show you, mom. You’d love this place.” Suddenly there was a gentle knock on the door and Kevin looked up.
Dean listened for a minute, then nodded, chuckling a bit, “Yup. Well at least the kid has taste, I guess.” Dean whispered with a shrug before moving forward. They went to the back of the cabin and the music got louder, but still, they couldn’t see anyone inside due to the fogged-up windows.
Sam practically beamed, “Great! Here. Go put it on and I’ll get you all geared up, you won’t really need the weapons, but you never know what’ll happen and it’s better to be prepared right?”
Benny stayed in the lodge with Andrea, never straying far from her side while the others went out on runs and to check for any stray walkers that had gotten through before the barrier was up. Dean went out with them during the day since the group was short on numbers with Oskar and Meg injured as well. He was glad he could help, though he missed going out with Benny.
“Cover me?” Dean asked Sam, motioning to his fishing rod. Sam nodded, and Dean got up to follow her into the boat.
Kevin watched the open vent shaft expecting a gun to poke through any minute and slaughter them all. His entire body grew tense as he waited, exhausted and trembling from nerves. Outside he could hear the forest moving, above him he could hear banging in the vent, and somehow above it all, hidden in his breath, he could hear his own racing heartbeat, which was not even slightly comforting. He was going to die, he could feel it in his gut; this was it. He was going to let everyone down and leave so many things undone and unanswered. He was so caught up in his thoughts that when Polly grabbed his arm, he jumped.
Suddenly, the door burst open and Dean ran in with Jamie barely hanging on to consciousness at his side. “We need some help here.”
Castiel began to look around the area while The Doctor knelt beside the blood and then looked up and saw a bit more splattered on a tree. “So he must have been standing here when he was stabbed from that direction and the blood sprayed out here; the rest, on the ground, came from after the body fell. So, not only did something punch through him with a wooden weapon in one hit, but it happened while he was standing. Oh my, oh my,” The Doctor looked baffled as he pulled out his handkerchief to cover his mouth as he continued to investigate.
“Kevin!” Ben shouted and Kevin looked over at him, “Come on, mate, we are gonna regroup at the food storage unit.”
The next day, the 4th day of Dean's punishment, he felt awesome. He was totally back to normal from having two straight days of proper lyrium doses. He took advantage of his good mood to help Anna unload boxes from the merchants in the morning and head to the library to read in the afternoon. Of course, Cas would be there. Cas was always there, but this time he had Sam with him.
“Ah, yes, of course. Later then. Please continue, Mr. Novak,” The Doctor surrendered, but he never lost his smile.
Anna laughed, “Fine. But really, tell him thanks when he wakes up. He can stay however long he wants.”
“I guess that depends on what story you’re writing,” Sam said as he moved next to Kevin, leaning against the wall just close enough for their shoulders to touch.
With the smooth grace of well practiced lovers, Sam had Kevin on his back in seconds and was snapping his hips to give quick, short thrusts into his lover. Kevin grabbed onto Sam's back, clawing at him for leverage as he thrust back against Sam, not ready to be outdone. Sam's hand went to Kevin's length and stoked him in time with his thrusts and soon they were both trying to kiss and pant at the same time. The heat built between them and in moments Kevin came into Sam's hand, painting it with white. Sam stoked him through it and watched as his lover went limp in exhaustion. Sam licked the cum from his fingers and thrust into Kevin a few more times before spilling inside him. Kevin moaned at the feeling and opened his arms for Sam to fall on his chest. They both lay like that, gasping for air as sweat and cum glued them together. When they finally got their breaths back, Sam rolled off of Kevin and pulled him close. “Want to finish that alcohol?”
While Sam was away, he had also eventually run into Lisa at the grocery store. He apologized for 'treating her like shit' and she apologized for not having told him about what she was. They went out for lunch to catch up and had gotten back on friendly terms, but Dean was clear that he didn't want to get romantically involved with her again. For the most part, he didn't actively invite her into his life, but they were comfortable seeing each other at parties and talking here and there. Sometimes they would even flirt with each other, or tease each other, but it never went beyond that. Dean was the kind of person to love with his whole heart and soul, but it took him time to feel comfortable, and unfortunately, before they could get there, she had set off all his alarms and it never quite felt right between them again. He knew it wasn't fair to her, and he didn't expect people to be perfect, but he would live and die by his gut. So as far as he was concerned, if it didn't feel right, it wasn't right.
He thought with a grin as he laid on his bed staring at his phone. How the hell is he even working with a straight face? His phone went off again and he picked it up to look at the next message from Cas.
“Sam won't need you, he has his real brother now and hell if I need you, you're pathetic and broken. You toy with people's emotions because you barely understand your own. You'll love people so long as it doesn't cost you anything, that just goes to show how little you really care.” That was clearly Dean.
Dean looked back at him, looking ready for a fight, but after a long moment of inner turmoil he finally knocked Sam's hand away and heaved a heavy sigh in defeat, “Fine. You wanna talk? I fucking went all soap opera, chick-flick on her. Happy? You were right, it was all bottling up and it exploded all the fuck over her.”
“Jesus.” Dean hissed. The toy slipped in the first centimeter or so easily. His breath hitched as he pushed further and he had to bite his lip to keep from moaning. Just with the toy completely seated, he felt marginally better and worse all at the same time. It was difficult to resist the urge to slam the toy deep, to bury it inside of him. He let out a slow breath, trying to keep control. Tentatively, he pushed down the on button to vibrate.
“Good morning.” He said when he saw Dean staring at him. Dean tried to hid the wince. His fatigue was all Dean’s fault.
“Um—forever? Until you find another alpha?” Cain shrugged carelessly, “Whichever comes first.” Dean looked to Bobby who had a small smile on his face.
“I know better than to cross you.” Castiel said with an affable grin, seemingly brushing off Cain’s antics. Cain laughed, his body relaxing slightly.
Missouri would bop him on the head for thinking such a thing. None of this had been simple. Dean leaned against the railing, his arms crossed as he took another deep breath. His heart rate lowering again. Would he go back to Bobby’s when Cain kicked him out? Or stay at the omega shelter? He placed a hand on his shoulder, the one the alpha had touched when he was at the shelter. He smelled like pine too. Dean took another deep breath, his heart rate coming down even more. Dean flopped down on the porch love seat, grabbing a blanket that was draped over the arm.
in pleasure. Dean’s breaths were coming up short as his cock dribbled pre-cum down his length. He pushed up the knot a bit more, “Oh
Cain took a sharp breath, “Mara and her kids want nothing to do with me. They had hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical debt that I paid off—but Mara saw it for what it was—an attempt to buy them off. To
“Technically yes—but if you’re asking me if I have any control over him the answer is no.” Cain and Colette both laughed loudly at that.
“Not sure what my Dad will do.” Dean confessed, getting the words out past his burning throat was an issue. He was still staring outside, afraid even making eye contact with someone who empathized would send him into pieces, “I mean, he’s always known. But it’s different now.”
to kiss him again. For being a bit shorter, Castiel sure did know how to dominate a kiss. Dean couldn’t help but wind one hand into his thick hair that had been
“You’re not a burden.” Colette said solidly, kissing his forehead and wrapping an arm around him, “Can I make you something for breakfast?”
“Can I join you?” Cain asked. Dean nodded, tensing up a bit as the alpha sat down. He handed Dean the bowl, which Dean finally recognized as his own, “You need to eat.” Cain told him, “My dad raised me right, you know?” Cain let out a breath, “He wasn’t perfect—but he raised me to believe in a pack. Nearly bit my brother and I once a week to prove how much he loved us. He made some mistakes when he was young—him and my mom—but had learned by the time they had us.”
Dean woke up a few hours later to a slightly burnt smell. Karen was growling, clutching onto Bobby’s arm. Bobby was staring at his cell phone which was held up between them.
It was definitely because the alpha was sweaty, but his scent was strong. It curled around the garage and made Dean feel like even though it was hot—there was a cool breeze. It was refreshing.
“I’ll fire up the grill.” Bobby said, turning out of the room. Despite his quick exit, Dean could tell that the older Beta was exhausted. It had been a long time since he had gotten any sleep, or at least a full night’s rest.
“Yeah—helped fix stuff up with your Mother too.” Bobby looked heartbroken at the mention of Dean’s mother, “I’m going to let the Doc know you are awake, ok idjit?” Dean nodded.
“She was nearly right. I stopped going to work—I stopped being able to do anything. I couldn’t breathe under all the weight of it all. I thought about killing myself nearly every day. No one would have noticed. No one cared.” Cain’s voice was hollow. Dejected, “I signed up to volunteer at the hospital. It was a masochistic reason to see all the damage I had done—to understand my impacts. I met Colette while I was there.” He smiled brightly, his whole demeanor changing at the mention of his mate, “She pulled me out of hell. Told me I needed to get over myself, and start using my big brain and wallet for some good.”
“We b-both gotta like it to be matched” Ash said with a grin, “B-been without an al-alpha for six m-months.” Ash shook his head.
He pulled his fingers out and gasped at the pain of the loss. Sticky with sweat and slick, he managed to crawl out of his nest. Everything felt horrible as he did so, he wanted to crawl back into his nest as quickly as possible. He grabbed the knot and the paper with directions. His hands were shaking as he flipped through, trying to figure out which vibrated and which inflated the knot as he crawled back into his nest. He slipped off his boxers, tossing them somewhere. There were six buttons. One that started the vibrate, one the knot. One increased and one lowered the vibration, and the other inflated and deflated the knot. It seemed pretty simple enough. He pressed the buttons a few times just to make sure they worked.
That was an interesting question. He felt like he had just climbed Mount Everest and got hit by a bus on the way down. Everything hurt. But he didn’t feel the pit in the bottom of his stomach slowly eating him away. He didn’t want to crawl beneath a blanket and never come out ever again.
.” Dean said, gripping his jeans with a clenched fist. Even the thought of his father having to pick him up sent him running. He couldn’t imagine what he would say—assuming he would come at all. Cindy frowned.
“I know Dean. Pack sleeps together when times are tough—and when they want to.” She grinned, “And I’ve done my time snuggling with Cain so now it’s your turn” She teased, “And I’m warning you—once we wake him up, he’ll be a cuddly giant that immediately wants to go to his nest.” Dean nodded, part of him still fairly certain Cain would be appalled to wake up like this, “Ready?” Dean nodded again, “Cain?” She nudged his shoulder a bit, “Time to go to bed.” The arm around Dean tightened, Cain made a huffing noise as he curled closer, “Come on, babe. Time for bed.”
want to lose someone like that ever again.” Dean felt his eyes start to burn and his throat close. Cain held out one hand to Dean’s left arm, “Can I?”
“I think you’re allowed to speak up for yourself and it not be dramatic.” Billie said sternly which made Dean smile a bit.
He wished he could say that things got better with his Dad over the years, but they didn’t. Dean was more than willing to get beat up if it meant having a better home for Sammy. All the teachers said Sammy was bright, so Dean made sure they practiced at home. Sometimes his teachers got mad for not doing his homework, but it was important that Sammy did his too. He tried to make sure he did his own, but he got tired.
omega that they were the worst. Not unless they were actually an awful person—but you are not.” Dean nodded.
“I-I-I” His alpha mocked before he slammed the wall next to Dean’s head. He flinched so hard he bumped into his alpha’s other arm. Dean’s heart was pounding and his face felt warm. All Dean wanted to do was expose his throat, to cower in submission. His instincts were going haywire. This was his
“Jody’s got a room all set up for you, ok? Just come in and chill. If you’re feeling up to it later, you can come talk to us—ok?” Dean nodded, he was completely unable to talk. The last time he had a bout this bad, it took him nearly a week to get out of it. He probably wouldn’t be able to get back to Bobby’s house, maybe this was a horrible idea.
Dean let out a whimper before he could control it, “I can’t.” He answered, his throat closing up. Cindy clutched his arm, squeezing it softly.
Cindy frowned, putting the items in a small bag for Dean, “Sweetie, you really shouldn’t be walking around with your heat.” It was quiet, but the attitude in the room shifted. It wasn’t like it was a secret that Dean’s father never came to any parent teacher night.
get them. You haven’t had a consistent and healthy alpha bond your whole life. You need to make a gynecologist appointment and go. And you need to be prepared when it happens.”
“Not much of an issue.” Castiel said. Dean looked up at him and he smiled easily. Dean knew a non-starter subject when he saw it.
“Even further.” She said. Was he going to fall off the end? Dean closed his eyes a bit as he moved closer, “There ya go. First I’m going to do a pelvis exam, so I’m going to basically feel around to make sure nothing is off.” She showed off her gloved hands before reaching down. As soon as she touched Dean’s thigh, he flinched. A deep growl from Castiel made Dean cover his eyes with his free hand.
Dean shook his head, “Only short.” He wanted to whine at the displeased scent that unfurled from Castiel. He had to grit his teeth against it. Castiel frowned, but stepped out from behind the door. Dean couldn’t control his small gasp, staring at his left arm that was
Dean heard a loud bang in the garage. Hearing loud noises wasn’t exactly unheard of, but this was a weird sound.
Dean didn’t respond as he got out of the car. He wasn’t an ‘LA’ type of guy. Billie had gone to California, which was a perfectly acceptable thing to do if it’s what you wanted. He struggled to walk the few steps from the curb to the front door, his hands shaking as he pushed open the door.
Cain nodded, bringing over sandwiches. Colette came over to the table, sitting next to Cain. The two opened their folder.
“You sure you don’t need any help, young man?” The older man asked. Dean didn’t like being around so many smells, but he knew it was necessary for Sam. The older man ran the shelter, but he had kind brown eyes that Dean knew would treat them both well.
“Just about how much everyone around you cares, sugar.” Missouri said with a smile. Dean sighed, “Now, we have a few things to go over now that Dean is here.” She pulled out a folder from her purse. It had the logo of the Omega House on the front, “Same checklist we give every new alpha.”
“Dean and I are going to talk alone first, if the two of you don’t mind. We’ll all come together for a talk after a while.” Missouri looked to Colette and Cain.
“She used to bite me and tell me I wasn’t going into heat. My body would fritz out, trying to comply. Bite me and told me to behave like an alpha—and I just knew I couldn’t. I tried to play it off like my omega didn’t break apart every time I
“It’s ok.” Sam encouraged, helping Dean step up into the ambulance. As soon as Dean was out of reach of Sam, his limbs started locking up again. The bright lights made him nauseous. The panic boiled up in his chest—
“Through there.” Dean pointed at the door. Castiel nodded, walking in. Dean listened the the AC run as he waited, sipping on his water again. The door opened slowly.
“For you.” Cain offered a plate of scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. Cain must have pulled out all the stops for breakfast because it looked delicious.
“Hm.” Dean hummed, “I like it.” He blushed when he realized what he said. Castiel barked a loud laugh, the tension in the room dissipating, “Let’s go finish up stripping your truck.”
“Think you can get up? I’ll get the scotch out—this conversation needs it.” Gabriel said as he wiggled to get up.
“Like fuck you will.” Bobby huffed, “Work on Cain’s cars if ya need to stay busy. But if you come in, I’ll throw you out.”
Dean opened a closet door and was grateful it was a small closet. He dropped down to the floor, putting his head between his knees. He put his hands over his head, trying not to hear all the thoughts in his head.
“Yes, we’re going to our nest. Come on sleepy head.” Colette teased. Cain grumbled a bit, but his arm did loosen so Dean could get up off the couch. As soon as he slipped from Cain’s grasp, the alpha was up—grabbing onto Dean quickly. Dean wasn’t sure how someone still half asleep could move that quick, “Come on Alpha.” Colette giggled.
“Absolutely not—but I will purchase the eggs.” Castiel said magnanimously, Dean chuckled a bit and looked over at the alpha, “I will look the other way as you throw them for plausible deniability” That made Dean laugh a bit more, his body loosening up a bit.
“I have your number. I can call tomorrow when I drop it off at Bobby’s?” Castiel asked, standing up. He stretched a bit after sitting down for so long. Dean nodded, “What time should I drop it off? I’ve got patients until about 2.”
“Come on, we’re hopping into this ambulance.” Sammy said, the ambulance door was no more than three feet away from the front door. It was pulled into the grass. Dean whined at the wheels, knowing it would tear up the lawn, “It’s ok, Dean.”
“Oh—still wet?” Cain asked, and Dean nodded. Cain's alpha scent was one of the few Dean didn’t mind. He used to have a crush on the older alpha even though he was about the same age as his father. Something about those eyes and messed up hair that made Dean melt a little the first time he saw Cain come into Bobby's shop. After meeting his mate Collette, Dean had fallen in love with her as well. For some reason, that made the Alpha all that much more attractive. In a loving relationship with an omega? Check. So hot its sinful? Double check. Committed to his omega? Another check. The crush had worn off into friendship, it was impossible not to feel attached to both of them. It was kinda weird being friends with people who were twice his age, but he didn’t have enough friends to be picky.
“Colette is a great customer.” Gabriel nodded, “she brings in a lot of great customers too.” Dean nodded. Colette had referred Baked for Baked to many people—and Cain used them for any business meeting he had. Gabriel reached out with his right arm to slide a pastry tray around, revealing one solitary bite. It was against tradition to be on the right side, but Gabriel didn’t strike Dean as someone to follow tradition anyway, “Got Cassie’s bite on its own arm so it isn’t muddled by all this shit.” Gabriel said when he caught Dean staring.
“Much better.” Castiel said with a grin, handing Dean back his shirt in a gallon bag, the stain soaking.
there were others. He saw their stories on the internet. But hearing them through a screen and talking to people in real life made a massive difference to his psyche. For the first time in forever, Dean felt like his symptoms were slightly improving. They would never recover without an alpha, but at least he was happier. He slid under the car on one of Cain’s fancy creepers to make sure everything underneath looked sound. It had been driven since the last time Dean had worked on it, so there were a few things that he could clean up to make sure everything was running smoothly. He hummed along to Led Zeppelin playing through the speakers in the garage.
Dean wasn’t working under the car too long before he heard Colette drive up. He was just sliding out from underneath the car when Colette’s sneakered feet in scrubs hopped out of her Mercedes.
me.” Dean didn’t know exactly what John said after that, he started to tune it out. John threw some of his omega slick pads that he found in the closet at him, but Dean couldn’t get himself to move.
Bad day. Was all he typed to Pam, hitting send before he could second guess himself. Hopefully, she wouldn’t see it for a few hours. His hopes were dashed when he saw her FaceTime request pop through. He slid it open, keeping himself underneath the blanket.
. He wasn’t locked in his room. It was overwhelming. Cain kissed the top of his head, “Eggs and sausage sound good?”
Dean texted the both of them that he would take care of dinner that night. They all usually had dinner together around seven now that it was getting dark outside a bit early. It was usually a standing invitation, if you could make it home in time from work or other things. Both of them replied they would make it, Cain saying he might run a little late but would definitely be there by 7:15.
Dean woke up with a start, his fingers twisted in the sheets. He was hard. He was breathing too fast and he
. Dean shucked off his shoes and collapsed into his bed. He curled up under the blanket, finally giving into the urge to curl up in on himself. The smell comforted him. His belly was cramping up, and he felt damp. He knew from the text books that this wouldn’t be a full heat. His body was ‘waking up’ or as one book wrote ‘blooming like a flower’. Which was a ridiculous metaphor, since he felt like the farthest fucking thing from a flower at the moment. He had the bag of goodies from the nurse, so he opened it up. In the bag was a few medications for pain and to help alleviate symptoms. He took the small Gatorade bottle from the bag to swallow the pills.
As soon as they took Garth back, Dean gave a call to his wife. She was fairly used to these types of calls, since Garth tended to be a clumsy person. She promised to meet Garth at the hospital, freeing Dean from driving him home.
He tried not to think about presenting. But as he got older, it became impossible not to. Kids in his class were presenting, coming back smelling different. They came back with a smirk, like they knew something Dean didn’t. But he didn’t want to know. There wasn’t one boy in school that was an omega. And he tried not to think about it. But sometimes, when it was time to go to bed, it was all he could think about. Because he
The door slamming open caused Dean to scream. With the radio playing in their room, he mustn’t have heard his father coming home. His heart was racing when he saw his Dad standing in the doorway. His shirt was messed up—and Dean could smell the booze from across the room, “What the fuck is this?” His father bellowed.
WARNINGS: homophobic language-- Dean is at a low point, flashbacks to his father's language emerge in his own vernacular
.” Cain said, but Dean wasn’t paying attention. He pressed his nose against Cain’s shoulder, breathing him in deeply. Dean wrapped an arm around Cain, holding him close. When he realized what he was doing, he froze.
“I am a big boy when it comes to blood, but if you want to hold my hand during it—I won’t object too loudly.”
Castiel quickly lead Dean outside the bar. It was quiet as they walked to Castiel’s Audi that wasn't parked too far away. He popped the trunk. Castiel’s trunk was organized within an inch. Totes of scrubs, button downs and slacks were all labeled neatly. Another bin labeled
“I’m going to check your breast tissue, alright?” Billie moved up to Dean’s torso, “And he is right—I just want to make sure you’re doing ok at home. No one pressuring you? No one, including handsome doctors.”
“And he dissolved your bond?” Colette asked, astounded. Her voice sounded far away, or like it was on a TV rather than sitting next to him. Dean nodded, suddenly not hungry. He got up, figuring he could work on one of Cain’s new cars today. He had his computer with him, so he could run on some diagnostics. He was glad he brought his computer with him. When he packed his bag yesterday, he didn’t think he would need it but he brought it just in case. His bag was in the garage, where he left it. Dean found his computer and the connecting wire, walking over to Cain’s jaguar to tune it up a bit.
hated it. His inner omega was in pieces; his heart felt like it was caving in his chest. He could barely breathe. But Dean could smell Sammy’s blood and he couldn’t keep himself from whining. Warm hands grabbed his own.
Cain blasted Led Zeppelin as they cleaned the kitchen. Colette laughed at both of them dancing, drinking her own glass of bourbon as she watched. They cleaned, since she cooked. At times like this, Dean almost felt normal. He mouthed the lyrics as he helped clean, laughing as Cain played the air guitar. Once everything was in its place, the counter was wiped down, and glasses refilled, Colette turned down the music.
“I went into pharmaceuticals, as you know. Barely talked to my family once I made it to the executive suite. I worked with Castiel’s brothers—Michael and Nick. You’ve heard of the Angel brothers?” Dean had heard of them. Massive republican donors that muddled in politics to sway congress’s votes in their favor to protect pharmaceutical companies. Despite their angelic name, they couldn’t have been more demonic in their actions. They raised prices of drugs with little care on how it would affect people.
Benny was quiet for a minute, “Ford F250, 2010 so it’s a bit older. Still runs smooth—thanks to you.” Benny smiled. Dean blushed.
His mother smiled brightly, more tears falling down her face, “Right!” She kissed Dean’s cheek, then rubbed his cheek with her thumb. She leaned over and kissed Sammy’s head again. Dean wiggled closer to his Mom, breathing in her scent as they looked over Sammy.
“I went with Gabe and Ana to the heat store yesterday. I got electrolyte packets, protein bars and a bunch of stuff.”
“Left.” Dean whispered, taking a step back. The scent of snow got stronger, it felt like Dean was getting buried in a snow drift.
Nearly as soon as Dean helped Garth into the entry way, there were people around him. Garth had gotten paler the closer they got, so Dean was very glad they made the decision to go to the hospital.
The rest of dinner was less serious. Dean laughed and carried on conversation like he wouldn’t have been able to dream of just a few months ago. His stutter still happened every once and awhile, but he had his
Cas took Dean’s hand strongly and moved close. Dean couldn’t help but inhale, it had a chilling effect on his whole system, letting him breathe in deep. Dean leaned closer, not quite burying himself in Cas’s shoulder even though he wanted to do it. Taking another deep breath, his heart rate started to fall.
“New Alpha.” Ash pointed over to the older woman on the other side of the bar, “Ellen’s my new alpha. Just got my new bite a month ago.” It was right around Dean got his.
“It’s alright Cas. It’s already got g-grease stains and holes in it.” Dean said as he pulled off his own shirt. Putting on the shirt Castiel had worn should not have felt as warm as it did. For a man who smelled like snow and pine, his scent made Dean feel very warm, “How do I look?” Dean asked, pushing up the sleeves a bit on the navy-blue scrubs.
Dean was still shaking as he sat in the chair. No, he was hyperventilating. He was trying to keep it under control, but his vision was starting to go in and out. This was
“Haven’t d-done a pick-up b-before.” Dean admitted as he opened the book, “K-key with a modern cl-assic is having enough old stuff blended in w-with new.” Dean said as he flipped through to a few pictures, “I think a c-classic steering wheel is a m-must. Difficult to make a new one l-look old with all the b-buttons. Then there might be forgiveness of a center console with GPS.” He flipped through some pictures, “Old trucks like this bring the metal color from the outside into the truck. So if you have red outside, the center console is usually red as well. Nothing we can’t change if you want to—but goes all to the more classic look.”
He knew it was a bit embarrassing to have Castiel’s shirt in the bed with him, but it smelled too good. Under the blanket, he could smell it even better. It calmed his racing heart, and allowed him to fall into an easy sleep.
.” Dean couldn’t see his face, but Cain sounded choked up, “If you hate me after a while, I’ll help you find another alpha you like. But my nest doesn’t feel right without your smell. Colette hates it when you’re not around. Please Dean.”
Dean definitely did not want to look at the bill when he swiped his credit card. It was one given to him by Cain with the assurance that he could not possibly spend enough to worry him, but this definitely worried Dean. There were a few more things throne into the cart—a flesh light, a different type of vibrator, more lube.
“You are being a drama queen. Packs share heats—your first one back is probably not going to last as long and more than likely won’t be too horny anyway.”
“I was f-fine.” His stutter around omegas was now much better, but not gone. Never gone until—until..
Dean snorted a laugh, “Thank you Sammy.” He pulled his head up, realizing there was blood everywhere, “I need to clean this up. You should practice your letters. My teacher has all the alphabet on the wall, we could do that too.” Dean told him.
“Want to take stuff home for Cain and Colette?” Gabe asked, “I got a few more things I can give away.”
“Bout time you woke up.” A gruff voice made Dean pull Sammy closer. An older man was standing in the doorway. His smell was something Dean vaguely recognized, like motor oil and pine.
“Tell me where he lives, and we’ll egg his place.” Gabriel finally broke the silence and it made Dean smile. He peaked out from beneath his knees, looking over at the omega, “I’m serious. Give me an address—hell, actually I have his first name. What’s your last name?”
A new scent came in that Dean recognized from the blanket. It was like sandalwood, pine and snow. It soothed the rage in him a bit, allowing him to breathe. Dean didn’t want to remove the blanket to talk to whomever had come in, but he was comforted by the presence. A slow, gravely voice read to him—Dean could recognize passages from the Hobbit even in his current state.
“Gabriel is four years older than me, though he acts like a child so I am sure you find it surprising.” Castiel said, his voice gravely.
Dean hummed as he worked on one of Cain’s newer cars. Dean didn’t think it actually needed a tune up, but Cain and Colette hadn’t seen him in a few weeks so they used it as an excuse to bring him over. He had spent most of his time between Bobby’s and the Omega shelter. He thought he would only go once a week, but that place had a way of reeling him back in. Pam had brought him in to teach him how to make pottery. He was terrible at it, but she was patient with him. She confessed that it had been a bad morning for her, barely able to get out of bed. Dean had days like that too, so she managed to coerce him to promise that he would text her to return the favor. Being around other omegas helped. She told him her whole story about how a shitty alpha had taken advantage of her when she was young. She had an abusive home life growing up just like Dean, though for different reasons. Her father was obsessed with selling her off to the highest bidder, so she was mated when it was legal for him to sign the documents. Pam showed him some of her scars, explaining how her alpha would bring her to casinos and use her intuition to win. How they would beat her up and accuse her of cheating. How she couldn’t run away, because she knew that even though he was awful that he cared in his own fucked up way.
. He backed up. He couldn’t believe he did that. He didn’t deserve an alpha. Cain would hate him—or he would leave. Just like everyone else.
The alpha had taken off his trench coat, but his white button-down shirt and tie were still on. Despite the sweat dripping down his side burns, Castiel didn’t seem bothered. Though it was early fall, it was quite a warm day. Dean was a bit nervous when he took the trench coat off, glancing to make sure his colleagues were in sight. He knew Castiel was a good alpha, but he couldn’t help but cover his bases.
“The BMI doesn’t make any sort of sense to use on an individual level, and it was never intended to do so. Also, there are several other things that correlate more to health risks other than BMI. They are more accurate. Her cholesterol is within the normal range. This could have been diagnosed much earlier if you were not convinced the patient was lying to you. We still caught this early, but let this be a lesson for you to not dismiss larger patients.”
“Night Rufus!” The diner was closing a bit early because Rufus wanted to go to a car show with one of his friends. They warned the customers a few days before with signs, so everyone knew today would be a short day. Dean would be getting back to the house early with a meal for Sam, who was growing like a little weed. He was basically all bones, so Dean had brought home extra leftovers. The middle school basketball coach had tapped his shoulder, of course. And Sam had enough hand-eye coordination to get by. Dean worked with him at the park every spare moment he got, hoping he would get on the JV team when he got into high school.
"Right." Dean said, biting his sandwich with a grin, nuzzling her a bit after. She ran her fingers through his hair as she read the latest scholarly journal about something to do with nursing. Dean went cross eyed after the abstract, but he liked being close to her. After his sandwich, he curled back into his nest and fell asleep.
“Would you like me to accompany you to get your blood work done today?” Cas asked, as he took Dean’s hand in his own.
“Just—here is something for the blood.” Dean didn’t really look at his face, but Sam grabbed the gauze and pressed it to Dean’s mouth. They managed to walk out the front door. The lights on multiple cop cars were on, lighting up the entire street. Neighbors were out in their front lawns, staring. Dean pulled Sammy closer.
“Dean?” Bobby knocked as he stood in the doorway, “You look like shit.” Dean only glared at him from his bed, pulling the quilt over top his head. Bobby didn’t give him a long lecture about how he needed to find an alpha. He just sat on his bed, sitting close by while Dean tried to fall asleep.
"You snuggled with me during my heat, of course I want to return the favor. Plus, this is what we're supposed to do. Omega's have each other's backs."
“Your phone was buzzing while you were in the bathroom.” Cain pointed at the phone on the island. Dean frowned, seeing 10 missed calls from Bobby. He grabbed his phone and stepped out onto the back porch. It was a bit chilly outside, but it helped wake him up. He sipped on his coffee while it rang.
Dean suddenly realized that Cain was spooning him, their position a bit intimate, “H-he didn’t—I d-don’t know.” He turned bright red, Colette giggled.
"Yeah." Dean whispered. Cas squeezed his arm again, stepping back. They walked back over to their table.
“T-thought I was-I-I-I.” Dean stopped, took a breath. He was quiet, but he wanted to get it out, “Thought I was g-going to d-die. D-didn’t want t-to eat. K-Karen was s-ick. No one w-wanted me. She d-died soon after S-Sam left. I th-thought Bobby w-would d-died too. H-had to take c-care of him. He t-t-t-t-tried to take c-care of me-me too.” Dean wiped his face, not realizing he was crying, “Thought S-Sam would c-come back. B-be a g-good Omega.”
Dean kept glancing at the hatch as he looked around. Meanwhile, Castiel listened at the door that led into the kitchen and soon held up his hand to get Dean’s attention. Dean moved in close with his gun ready. They could hear voices from inside.
“Yeah. Not sure what I did to deserve him actually. What about you, Dean? Did you have anyone in Redcliff?”
Dean sighed in defeat and nodded, “Ok, yeah. Sam, if this is what you want, you know I've got your back. Always. Although, just saying, if you ever decide to run off with Kevin-”
Linda listened intently and took a slow breath before she met his gaze, “Kevin, you do what you have to do, like you always have. If you think there is something going on, not only is it your job to look into it, but it’s the right thing to do. That boy, if he’s a good person with any kind of head on his shoulders, will understand that this wasn’t about him. It’s not like you are using those bugs to try and seduce him, right?”
“Uhm, yes, actually. I was wondering if I could take a few pictures of the hot springs. It’s a culture we don’t really have on New Earth and I’m sure the people there would find it very interesting.”
Cas thought it over for a moment and then bent down to grab some loose dirt from the ground and powered it over his clothes, face and hair. “Is this acceptable?”
Sam studied Kevin's face for a moment before leaning in for a slow kiss. He parted them just enough to put their foreheads together, “Thank you.” Kevin shook his head gently, moving in for another kiss, slightly more heated this time as their hands moved to one anothers' arms and they tugged gently at each others' robes.
“It’s going to be ok. It has to be,” Dean said as if trying to reassure himself and Cas nodded before pulling Dean in for another kiss. Jamie stood watching them with Sam, nearby. Sam rolled his eyes and teased, “Anytime, you two.” Jamie didn’t blush as he watched them now, instead he had a small smile, “Aye, Dean, you can kiss him all you want tomorrow, eh?”
Kevin’s eyes widened when he saw her; she was in a robe with her hair tangled and sticking out everywhere and for once she didn’t have make up on. Despite looking exhausted, disheveled, and hung over, she was still absolutely beautiful.
After lunch, Anna guided the group on their next tour where they met the local woodworker Bobby Singer who explained where their wood came from and the old traditions of carving and woodwork in the community. Each piece of wood was honored as if it had been from their own trees and made into durable, beautiful pieces. Despite the fact that Bobby was clearly drinking while working, his carving was incredibly intricate. Jamie nearly got them all thrown out when he leaned on a piece unknowingly and knocked it over. However, Bobby turned it into a teaching moment, by showing Jamie how to smooth the edges that had been damaged.
Sam had stopped in his tracks at the command as well. He and Cas looked at each other tentatively while they waited for the teenagers to make it back inside. When the door finally shut behind them, Cas took a breath, “Sam, could you help me.”
“Super glue?” Dean lifted a brow and looked at Cas who continued to glare at his brother for a moment before looking sheepishly at Dean.
Dean looked through the books on the shelf in the living room, there were assorted classics, some anthologies, and a ton of philosophical stuff. When his eyes landed on Slaughterhouse 5 he grinned and snatched it from the stack, plopping himself back on the couch.
Dean looked back, lowering the coffee to his lap, he seemed torn, but when he saw Sam’s determined face, he sighed, “We uh…we don’t want to be a burden. If you want us, we’re here…if you don’t, we’ll go.”
“I can go check, you guys should stay here, Benny could probably use a rest, eh?” Ben suggested and Dean nodded. Kevin felt a wave of anxiety tug at his throat, tightening it. He didn’t want Ben to go, but he was right, Benny was getting pale, he needed to sit down.
“Huh? Oh! Yeah, that sounds nice. Thanks. We’ll see you guys in a bit, I guess?” Sam said with a shrug, caught slightly off guard.
“So, we are clear for the wedding for sure, but Naomi isn’t far now. She’ll probably be here a day or two after the ceremony,” Mary said quietly, the bed moving and creaking.
“Dean, hey, I was thinking- HOLY SHIT.” Sam covered his eyes and turned away at the doorway while Dean sighed in irritation, resting his head against Cas's chest as Cas looked between Sam and Dean with amusement. “I didn't see anything, I swear. Oh my god, just please tell me you aren't having sex right now. In here. You have a room Dean.”
“That's right, it should only be Dean.” Dick Roman added and Crowley glared, “3 weeks then. Anyone else want to complain? Dean? No? Good then get out!”
“The group has to change…you know it does. You make all of us weak! People like you, like her, they hold everyone back from their true potential, I am trying to save all of you!” Gordon shouted, his eyes wild.
“We need to get the bullet out, stitch him up, cover it with some bandages, and boom he’ll be right as rain. Sam, Cas, I need you two to hold him down. Claire, you are gonna get me whatever the hell I ask you for, got it?” Sam and Claire quickly responded and got in position. Dean looked over at Cas, “Cas!”
“All blokes, huh. Too bad, was kinda hopin’ that Anna would stick around. She was bloody gorgeous,” Ben said leaning towards Jamie, who grinned and nodded, “Aye, she was a bonny wee lass.
Castiel simply smiled, but his eyes were lost in thoughts and memories of his lost siblings. Dean wished he knew where they were…he wished he had watched out for them when everything went down…
Jack and Claire were out of their rooms just as fast. Claire ran into Castiel’s room and Jack stopped at the doorway.
. It was a betrayal and he knew it. But Kevin had faced this sort of situation a thousand times, to the point that rationalization wasn’t necessary. It didn’t feel great, especially when he liked the people involved, but if he got a good story, helped people, and got a raise, then in the end it was the right call, right?
The next day, Kevin prepared several cameras just in case and relied on Polly to help him carry them, she even offered to help take pictures, which he jumped at the chance at. Everyone in the group had dressed in their best, though they hadn’t exactly packed wedding appropriate attire. The Doctor’s suit was a bit less frumpy than usual, Ben and Jamie both wore dress shirts, although Jamie still wore his ‘kilt’ while Ben was in simple slacks. Polly had her hair up and was wearing a short, but beautiful light pink dress that had small clear sequins embedded into the thick frabric to make it shine in the light.
Cas looked at him with a slowly brightening smile, “Yes, that's true. However, The Free Marches are known to have the juiciest apples because the air is so humid there.”
“Absurd? A guy thinking he gets to pick and choose when to pay a debt, now that is absurd! Hell, a guy thinking it doesn’t matter if a bunch of walkers come banging on his front door because he thinks he can just throw his cannon fodder men at them and be done with it, is absurd.” Dean shouted, standing up at this point.
“Well, he's funny and kind of ridiculous, definitely embarrassing, but he takes care of people, too... in his own way. He's really been there for me when I needed someone. Anyway, he hits on me all the time, but I mean he hits on a lot of people, he's just like that, but last night I just...sorta said screw it and slept with him. He was gone when I woke up, but he made breakfast and I don't really know how to read that.”
Cas spoke up at this point, “We are learning about what kinds of things people use magic for in their daily lives in Tevinter, what kinds of jobs they do and the things they make. The circle has mages work on enchantments and magical items for trade, but Sam and I thought it would be interesting to see what else was out there.”
“No, it’s alright, I understand the need for privacy,” Kevin responded formally and Chuck gave a relieved smile and led them into the back.
Castiel went quiet and he had his poker face on again, leaving Dean to wait in the empty, heavy silence for an answer. Dean held tight to Cas’ hand, hoping it would help somehow. Like maybe the touch would help Cas see his feelings or if nothing else, maybe it would at least keep him from leaving.
Dean laughed at that and when he felt their eyes locked into place like they always seemed to, he lifted a hand to Cas's cheek, brushing at it experimentally. Cas tilted his head into Dean's palm with a look that had a hint of confusion mingled with immense fondness. Dean took that moment to press his lips gently to Cas's. Their first kiss was barely there, but their lips came gingerly together as they leaned together, melting into one another, and instantly Dean's mind cleared.
Kevin blushed wondering just how much Sam had heard, but Sam’s smile returning was reassuring. “Yeah,” he finally admitted. “We are pretty close. My dad was never around, so it was always just us. My mom always really pushed me and supported me. It could be a bit much sometimes, well most of the time actually, but I love her.”
Can't believe how long this took me, I really didn't intend for this story to get this long, but I'm glad I got to cover the majority of my sims 3 game. Thanks again to everyone who has shown their support along the way and to all future readers who comment/leave kudos.
“Oh, that's not necessary, just call me Chuck." Dean gave a nod and things went silent for a moment before Chuck spoke again, "Uhm, so, you are John and Mary Winchester's son?”
Dean spun around to see Gabriel grinning ear to ear before he gave a quick suggestive wiggle of his eyebrows. “Uhm, sure. Thanks.”
When he finally finished his food, he headed upstairs to Cas's room. He knocked a couple times and Cas emerged with a friendly smile that made a tingly feeling run up Dean's spine. “Hello, Dean. Professor Ellen has class for a bit longer, would you like to come in and wait?”
Elsewhere, they could hear the sound of more glass shattering; below them, they could hear the machines began to wheeze and above them, the lights flickered.
“Hopefully it won’t come to just…that. Come on, let’s drive around a bit more, they could still be hiding out in town somewhere, if not, then we head up to the ski lodge.”
“Then perhaps someone used a branch? It may have even been an accident, perhaps we could take a look at where he was found?”
When Sam got back to his dorm, he started trying to flip his wand over his thumb like Azezel had showed him Mary had done. He couldn't seem to get the balance right and his wand would shoot off in random directions and he would have to go chasing after it.
“Anything is quite a lot you know,” when Dean didn't respond, Crowley smiled, “Well, I suppose I could give you a taste. Despite your 'goodhearted hero' crap, I like you Dean. You get things done, you are clearly very capable and...you aren't bad on the eyes.” Crowley opened the bottle of lyrium and the smell of lightening made Dean moan quietly, under his breath, but Crowley heard it and smiled.
The place was packed like usual, but they got into the semi-VIP 2nd floor easily enough. When they walked in however, the entire room was pitch black.
“No, he really can’t. Look it’s my job to take care of him…he’s…fragile. If you give a shit, you should take off. It’s not like you are planning to stay once the snow melts anyway, right? Why bother staying and messing with him like this if you are just gonna leave?”
Sam nodded in understanding, “Yeah, I mean, I saw a lot of bad growing up. Dean tried to hide it from me, but it’s kinda hard to ignore when your dad is naked in the backyard burning his blood stained clothes, or leaving pounds of cocaine on the coffee table, or making you help wipe prints off guns….but I knew that for just as much evil as there was in the world, there was that much good too.”
“It was pretty late, I was already in bed, but I kept hearing this weird noise out in the forest. It was like, something big was crawling around. I hope it wasn’t a mire beast…it was really close to my house.”
Once she was whisking away at them, Dean finally managed to pull himself together enough to get down the rest of the stairs. He grabbed Cas by the shoulder and pulled him back halfway up the stairs, and snapped, trying to keep his voice down, “Did you tell her?”
“They are coming after they have lunch with principle Singer and professor Harvelle. I already told them the address.”
Eventually, people began making their way upstairs to the mess of sleeping bags. Castiel and Dean were given one each and a small space to use in the corner of the room. They could hear the quiet sounds of the others in the room. Some snored quietly, others just seemed to breath loudly.
“I do. Well, the important ones anyway.” Dean's eyes were getting hazy from the alcohol and he nearly slipped this time when he moved over the counter to whisper to Benny, “I know to cover my teeth when sucking dick and to go for the clit with the ladies.” Benny burst out laughing and pushed him gently back into his seat.
Kevin didn’t need to be told twice, he pulled out his camera and made sure he had his mini-tablet and pen in his shirt pocket, just in case. With his luck, being what it was, he was naturally assigned to a gondola with a pair of young lovers and The Doctor’s group. The gondola was filled with bickering, bantering, and professions of undying love – all of which made it difficult for Kevin to focus, but he managed to get a few nice pictures of the tree line.
Sam smiled watching his brother put breakfast together. Dean was practically glowing with determination to make the food perfect. Sam knew how much Dean loved taking care of people: how important it was to him to make the people he loved feel happy, healthy and safe. Sam got up and looked through the cabinets at various tea boxes before picking one. He fixed a cup, just as Dean was getting a tray for Cas's food. “Here, take this for him too. It's suppose to be good for pain.”
“Sammy, if you are worried about my virtue, I'm telling you right now, the guy can freaking take it.”
Cas nodded and watched as Sam went to get the board. He brought it back and they set it up on Cas's desk, sitting beside each other rather than facing one another. “So can I ask you something?” Sam started as he put his pieces in place.
Naomi lifted her brows in surprise, “I see. I'm...sorry for your loss.” Her voice was more awkward than anything.
“Good, now that that's settled, Cas, can you get the hell out? We were kinda in the middle of something here.”
“Dean, before we do this, just in case something goes wrong-” Sam started, but Dean quickly cut him off.
Dean went quiet for a long moment and leaned back on the bed looking up at the ceiling light with his legs still bent over the side. “You know, I grew up knowing that my parents could die in a hunt at any time and that I might have to take care of Sammy alone, but it never happened and in some ways I never thought it would. I thought they were invincible. The hunts my parents went on, the things they did, it was like they were superheroes, and in the end a fucking icy road gets them? It's just, wrong. It makes everything feel wrong like suddenly all the things I knew were true just got chucked out the window.”
“I don’t know what I would do without you.” Cain agreed seriously, “Your work has brought all of these cars to life.” He waved at his garage. There were four classic cars, including the one Dean was standing in front of, that Dean had worked on for Cain.
Dean worked slowly, he knew that. But this baby demanded perfection. She was smiling back at him, he was sure of it. Sometimes slow was the best, especially on something like this. Every little detail mattered. His hands were cramping up, but it was worth it.
“Cassie has his own garage. Colette said you work on site?” Dean frowned, his hands shaking as he gave back the phone.
Billie nodded as she sat down in the doctor chair, “I am familiar with Dean’s history a bit. Missouri refers me patients frequently, and I had your previous medical history sent over. Long battle with Alpha Rejection Syndrome that started as a child. Looks like you finally have a good alpha that is helping you out. Your weight is at a much healthier level, and I’ll order some blood tests after today to look at hormone levels.” Billie was a beta, from her scent. There was something about her Dean liked, but he wasn’t sure why, “On the form you filled out, you said you had your heat last week?” Dean nodded, “This is a good time to have your blood taken then, how did it go?”
“Dean?” Colette walked into the waiting room, “We’re going to give him some pain medication, but the hand might need surgery. We’re trying to make sure he didn’t slice a tendon.”
“Alright if I bring your alpha back in for the end bit? You can go ahead and sit up. Just a few more questions.”
“I talked to the cops. We have all the documents to prove we can take you with us.” She said strongly, “And I will not lose you two again.”
“C-College.” Dean managed to say, feeling tears build up again quite without his permission. His chest felt too tight.
“I promise, Dean. I promise to treat you with the love and respect you deserve. I can be a good alpha.” Dean had no doubts Cain was a good alpha, so he thought it was a weird thing to say. Dean was just a bad omega. He held out his arm for Cain. Cain didn’t hesitate, biting on his forearm to seal the pack bond. Dean felt a rush of emotions—concern, sadness. Anguish. Dean couldn’t breathe.
“Alright, well eat some of this first, then you can head on back to your home. You sure your Alpha is there?”
Cas sighed, “I will talk to the nurse who weighed you. I don’t use weight as a factor without the patient history. You have gained weight at a healthy rate, you should be proud of your accomplishment.”
“Yeah. The ten-year anniversary was three months ago.” Castiel said as they all sat down at the table. Cain had made gnocchi and it smelled so good that Dean was drooling. Conversation went easy through dinner. Dean talked a bit and Cain looked insanely proud every time he did. Castiel was patient with his stutter, didn’t try to finish the words for him. Castiel brought up Dean’s work, but in a way that didn’t make Dean feel like he was pressuring him in any way. Castiel did follow him on Instagram, if only to see the new project’s Dean was working on of Cain’s.
Dean found a few more things they would have to fix, but was pleasantly surprised by some others that were completely fine. He had a running list of parts that would be necessary. Dean wasn’t paying too much attention to the alpha, humming along to music as he slid underneath the car.
“I get my truck done there, I just thought I recognized you. I only ever talk to Bobby.” Benny explained, so Dean nodded.
“Dean?” The teacher, Mr. Paterson, called to him. Dean looked over to the young Alpha teacher, probably had graduated from college only a few years before. He was saving up to go back to get his doctorate degree.
. He had all the stuff he needed for his first heat stashed away in the closet. The only way to minimize the impact was to know absolutely everything before it happened and be prepared for it.
“It’s a bit different working at our place.” Colette said calmly, “Can Castiel have the cars brought to our garage?”
to be touched. A strong arm pulled him closer before the kiss broke off entirely. Dean couldn’t help but grin, the snow blizzard scent had increased as well as the pine. Dean breathed it in deeply, not quite scenting him but definitely flirting with the line.
“Ah, did Cain come out and protect you?” Colette asked with a twinkle in her eye. Dean huffed, nodding. She laughed, “Doesn’t matter if you’re pack or not, Dean. Cain will always see you as his.” Dean chuckled.
“Your brother?” Cain asked and Dean nodded. Cain met him after his bond was broken so Dean wasn’t sure how he knew about Sam, unless it was through Bobby.
Dean had given up on refusing food from them. They would just bring him food to the garage, or put it in his car. Food was their love language and they wanted to make sure Dean was well fed.
Thank goodness for small mercies, his father wasn’t home. It was a Thursday, so he probably wouldn’t be coming back to the house that night either. And if Dean was lucky, he’d have the whole weekend. He nearly fell to his knees when he opened up his bedroom door. It smelled like him and Sammy. It smelled like
I know nothing about cars. So... hopefully this is enough to maintain the illusion that Dean knows what he is talking about :)
“Now we’re talkin’” Dean said with a waggle of his brows and Cas snorted. He felt a bit high as they walked out to the front desk, picking an appointment time that would work for both of them for his IUD. Cas didn’t let go of his hand the entire time.
“She was S-S-Sam’s pack l-leader. She t-took c-care of m-me m-more.” Dean whispered, “B-but I was b-better then.”
“You look like you have something to say.” Cain said. Dean was sitting on the edge of the couch, perched as if he was about to speak.
They walked back into Dean’s room and put the new sheets on his bed. Dean dragged the weighted blanket back as well. They climbed back into bed after Dean fussed with the pillows, hiding Cas’s shirt in his own pillow during process. If Cain saw it—well, he didn’t say anything. Dean climbed in and tried to stay as far away from Cain as possible.
That night, he pulled all of his purchases from the heat shop out into his room. He was a bit too embarrassed to unbox some, so he put them in his closet for when he needed them. The weighted blanket was too tempting to ignore so he put a washed duvet over it and curled into bed. It took some adjusting, moving blankets and pillows around so it was perfect. He grabbed a pillow from the living room before climbing in.
“Dean?” A nurse in the doorway called his name. He could still run for it, but for some reason his feet went in the direction of the nurse. They took his blood pressure, which was a little high. But he doesn’t admit to being nervous. They weighed him, recommending that he put on more weight. He frowned at that—he had already put on weight. He was proud of how much he had gained.
“People kept wanting to help—they dropped shit off.” Bobby explained, “Benny brought over some food—too many people brought over pies.” Dean grinned.
Dean nodded, “Expensive leather. Some of them had a velvet t-type of interior on the bench.” Dean showed him a picture.
“Hav-haven’t met one-m-met one y-yet.” Dean stuttered with a smile. Colette rubbed his back again, he was glad she made him come. Even if it was just to eat apple pie. But he did get the feeling that he would be back, and often.
“You did very well on this test Dean, you should definitely consider taking more of these classes in sciences.”
I'm not dead! Bits of this story are slowly coming together, but I wanted to write more before I posted the next chapter. Hope you enjoyed
while Sammy got covered in blood, “You did!” Sammy smiled brightly, it made his split lip bleed a bit more, “We’re going to go to the hospital now, ok?” Dean tried to nod, but he couldn’t. He didn’t know why his mouth tasted like blood. Sam wrapped him in a blanket that smelled like them both. It went over his head enough so he couldn’t see the rest of the room—the blood smeared on the floor. Dean hadn’t realized the room was so loud with whining sounds were coming from him, “We’re ok Dean.” Sam nuzzled close to him, wrapping his arm around his shoulders.
“Dean.” Cain made a choked sound, “Please look at me.” It wasn’t an order, but the omega in Dean found it difficult to refuse. He rolled over. Cain was crying. Dean couldn’t help but want to reach out and wipe away his tears, whimpering in distress, “Please give me the chance to prove to you that you’re a great omega. I know I can show you.” Dean frowned, “If you let me. Please.”
Billie looked like an LA kind of guy. He had his hair all spiked up and make-up on. Which didn’t make Dean angry, it just wasn’t who he was. Dean didn’t like looking all fancy like that. Frowning, he still clicked the video.
“I made them ‘cause—” The words caught in his throat, “Used to make them for Sam when something good happened. Then—I tried to use them to entice him t-to talk.” Dean frowned, “I just wanted to thank you both for everything.”
When Dean opened the door, he recognized the scent immediately. It was a cool scent, like pine in the winter. It was the alpha that sat with him in the Omega house. Dean eagerly got to work, happy to help the guy who sat with him for hours. The man clearly kept a clean car, the tune up not so long ago that Dean needed to worry when he got underneath. There was still a limit of all he could do at Cain’s, but he had a feeling that was going to change soon. He connected his computer into the center console, humming along to the music playing through the garage speakers.
“I moved out here basically as soon as I could. I was lucky enough where my parents funded my college—I think it was more to get me out of town as well. But I came out here, I met people that supported me and helped me figure everything out myself.” He smiled brightly, “It helped me talk to my parents in a much better way. Teenage angst man, I couldn’t talk to my parents in a productive way. It took time, and it took me apologizing too. Not for what I am—but for how I spoke. They apologized too! We all went to therapy together, we had to put in work to love each other again. It was difficult. Now I work in finance for a music production business out in LA. No one back home ever believes I work in finance looking like this, but in California they don’t really dress in suits, you can wear whatever you want. My parents come in visit, this is a picture of us last week.” The screen showed two parents looking ridiculously proud. His mom was kissing Billie’s cheek, squeezing him tight. And his Dad was laughing, one arm wrapped around Billie as well.
“Dean?” Cain whispered his name and Dean whimpered, trying to turn away, “Please let me be your alpha.
“I’m ok Sammy.” Dean said. He didn’t feel ok, but he didn’t need Sammy to know that. Something similar had happened a few years ago when Dean made a fort in the motel room. Dean should have known better, he shouldn’t have been so
“Nuva Ring has a few wonky side effects for some male omegas.” Castiel said, “In my opinion, they need to tweak the formula for them. There are a wide variety of pills as well. IUD is more invasive in the beginning, but ends up with less impacts usually overall.”
“Try not to get ketchup everywhere.” Bobby huffed, sitting down on the chair next to Karen. Sam scrambled up on the bed, already more than half-way done his milkshake.
“No—I think—I w-want to get wings.” Dean said and Gabe laughed. The omega had his arm wrapped around Dean’s back, rubbing it back and forth. The sugary smell was pleasant, sort of like pie. Ana gave him a water bottle.
Dean nodded, “My d-dad was-wasn’t—” He cleared his throat, “Doesn’t l-like having an o-omega for a son.”
“I figured I would be able to work with whatever was in the back after it was finished.” Castiel said as he put the solution back in the bin and closed it.
Dean laughed loudly, “That is fair enough.” Cas was staring at him, his blue eyes sparkling. The needle was nearly painless, and he quickly filled up a few vials for testing. He bandaged it up after, placing the band-aid on carefully.
“Dean! How is my dear Ruth?” That is what Cain called his Rolls Royce that Dean had been working on. Dean found out Cain called it that because he thought that it looked a bit like a hearse, so he wanted to name it an ‘old name’.
“You’re more suggestible when you receive a bite—did you know that?” Castiel asked calmly. It was slow, like he was trying to be intentional, “It’s in our genetics. It’s an evolutionary benefit, allowing packs to blend together more seamlessly.”
Sam.” Dean thought they were yelling about him, but he didn’t listen too much. His parents had been yelling since Sammy had come home; he wasn’t quite sure why. They yelled before Sam too, Dean would sometimes hide in his closet when it got too scary. There was a loud sound of the bedroom door slamming open. Dean jumped, holding Sammy close to his chest. His father and mother were both standing there, “I won’t have a fucking cunt of a son. I
“Everyone say hello to Benny.” Jody introduced. Benny smelled like spice and a warm oven. He had a bunch of bags in his hands, as did Jody. They started putting them on the counter, filling them out.
“I come from money, so I never had to do my own laundry—cook my own food. Nothing. Coming here and having a strict schedule—I thought I was in prison.” She smiled, “But I was able to get back on my feet. I reached out to my family who I thought wouldn’t hate me for dissolving my bond with my alpha. Gabriel is incredibly supportive, but not the stability I needed. But he brought Cassie, who was the support and stability I needed to recover. So now I moved out—oh, I guess it’s been three years now?” She looked at Jody who nodded, “And I am doing great, this placed helped me out so I give money and time when I can.” Dean was surprised she was so open about her story. She didn’t go into the weeds of details, but she spoke about everything so freely. Dean wished he could do that. He wished he could speak at all.
Dean couldn’t breathe, but he spared a glance at Colette who looked like she was holding back tears, “I just know you deserve an alpha who will take care of you like you take care of everyone around you. You deserve an alpha who respects how hard you work, who helps you achieve your dreams. You deserve an alpha who wants to build you up. I know alpha’s have proven themselves a waste of time for you, but
“You did a great job protecting our nest Sam.” Dean whispered, tucking his too long hair behind one ear. Sam blushed bright red.
“COME IN HERE!” That was his Alpha’s voice. Dean’s body heated up as his stomach dropped, he know this wasn’t going to be good. He could barely get his feet to move forward as he walked down the hallway. He stared at the ground as he turned around the corner.
“My mom has money.” He shrugged, “Drifted for a while. Found Gabriel—my brother—working in a bakery. Ana reached out not long after that—so now we’re our own pack. Changed our last name to Novak and never looked back.”
When Dean pulled up to the store, he nearly barfed and drove away. Ana suggested a heat store that was only for Omega heats. Walgreens had items, but it was always more awkward. And according to Ana, the heat store had better stuff anyway. Ana’s car was already parked out front, which was the only reason he didn’t immediately drive away.
“Yeah. My brother’s place is down the street—his is definitely worth the trip.” Cas paid the bill, even though Dean tried to stop him. Cas waved him off, saying that it was part of his down payment on the car anyway. They slid out of the booth and walked down the street, Dean was glad for a moment to stretch his legs.
“IUD has some reports of effects on heats, but they are minimal compare to others. Birth control pills have varying effects on heat. Some report complete dry up of slick, other’s report too much. IUD has those reports as well, but farther between and a lesser degree. Then, of course, the usuals of weight gain, mood swings, rare blood clots—
Dean didn’t really pay too much attention to what Sam was saying, but he enjoyed listening to him talk. His heart swelled, he knew Sammy was going to go and do great things. He was a little genius already.
Dean couldn’t really believe his own luck. It was halfway through his junior year—just about a year and a month they could be free. They were so close to getting away from Alpha. Dean had nearly refused to call him
“You’re John’s oldest?” Rufus had asked him when Dean showed up one day. Rufus tried not to let it show how hungry he was, but Dean was sure his stomach had growled a few times loud enough to hear it. Dean hoped working at a diner would allow him to take some food home to Sam. Their Dad had taken them there a few times when he was doing well.
“I—do you happen to have a long sleeve?” Castiel asked, half standing in the doorway as he wore his new shirt.
“Benny should be here soon.” Jody said. They took the dismissal for what it was, walking into the kitchen there was one woman already sitting there.
you fucking fag!” The blow Dean would have seen coming if he could keep his head up. He knew it wouldn’t help, but he just couldn’t help himself from exposing his throat in submission.
“Sometimes isn’t enough, sometimes is.” Ana said with a shrug, “Always helpful, especially at the end when it gets exhausting. And are you a boxer briefs kinda guy? I grabbed two packs of the heat briefs. They’re absorbent—you can wash them after or if you can during. Super convenient during the down time in between.” Dean nodded, feeling the material of the black boxer briefs. Being less of a slick mess was definitely better for him.
“Cain and Colette are good people. I’m sure they want to take care of you, it’s why you stayed there last night.” Dean huffed, “I’m sure they kept you there instead of bringing you back here is because they
Cain wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him close and kissed his forehead, “We’ll work on it.”
“We are going to take him at his word, since he hasn’t lied to us yet—right?” Dean frowned, “Has he lied to you?”
It took a considerable amount of effort, his entire body felt like weights were tied to every joint as he made his way to her car. He was horrified that he couldn’t even drive himself and had to be seen in her awful car. It was exhausting to even be a passenger. He pulled the blanket from his bed up around him tighter, but it was no use. By the time he got to the Omega Shelter, his hands were shaking and he vomited as soon as he stepped out of the car.
“Of course, Dean.” Castiel said, offering up his button-down covered arm, “If it is too much, just squeeze my arm and I will get us out.” Dean took his arm, holding his breath as they started to move. Castiel went towards the back wall, furthest away from the bar where there were less people. It also meant that Dean didn’t feel too surrounded. Dean stared at Castiel’s shoulder as they walked through so he didn't look at the other alphas. He could still smell them, but Cas's scent was closer. It felt like forever, but soon they were on the other side.
“He’s now getting into shipping stuff nationally. It’s been quite the ordeal, but he is excited.” Castiel was beaming with pride.
Castiel laughed. It was deep, gravely. Dean had made him laugh like that, he was a bit proud of himself, “No, I have a few scrubs in the back.”
“Yeah.” She whispered, tears in her eyes as she moved to sit on the bed. Dean turned over to see Sam missing. He pulled the blanket tighter to his chest.
“Words of Affirmation.” Missouri finished, “We’ve moved away from this framework, but it’s a good starting point for now. In general, Alphas tend to use more acts of service as a way to show love for pack members. Especially around getting food for pack.”
Dean nodded, feeling shy now that Colette was there. Colette was trying to meet his eye as Castiel backed out of the garage. He gave one last wave before driving down the driveway.
Dean felt something heat up in his chest. He couldn’t quite understand why Cain wanted to do this. Have some kid stay in his house indefinitely? That didn’t make any sense. His chest got tight, wondering when he would be abandoned again. If he had an end date, at least he could prepare for it. With this? This could mean a week, or a month. There was no way for Dean to steal himself against the inevitable rejection.
Colette helped get all the condiments out on the table while Cain gave Dean a beer. Soon, they were all gathered around the table. It looked like Red Robbin with the tall stack of onion rings and the huge bowl of fries.
. Where would they go? He was shaking again, he didn’t like feeling like his stomach was tied up in knots.
. He wanted to pretend this wasn’t happening, “There are different toys for different types of attractions. How are you going to buy them, sugar, if you can’t even talk about ‘em?”
“Thanks—I feel b-better.” Dean took in the alpha’s scent, feeling the same sense of calm he did at the omega house, “Thank y-you for everyth-ing you did.”
“Ok, I got you a set of heat ones here.” Cain pulled a set out of the linen closet, “Or, not me, Colette did. But I told her to order them because she knows which ones are best.” He confessed.
“I mostly work in the ER.” Colette answered, “I have scrubbed in on a few of your surgeries. I know you mostly by reputation.”
“Name’s Bobby—I was good friends with your parents awhile back.” He explained, sitting down in an empty chair, “Lost track of you a few years ago.” Dean tried to remember. He thought he had vague memories of this man coming over.
—garage. He put the tray of Gabe’s treats on the counter, most of the house lights were off when he came in.
Dean’s heart was racing, but he followed her up to the omega house. The door buzzed loudly when she pushed the doorbell, making him jump. There was a mechanical sounding latch that opened, allowing them to push the door open.
“Pee on him, Cain. That might make it more obvious.” Colette said with a snort. Dean laughed, but Cain didn’t let go.
"You don't have to if you have other things to do." Dean said when Colette curled up next to him with her laptop.
“Dean?” Castiel popped his head in the door. He was wearing his trench coat, a button up, and a tie. Dean shook his head.
“N-not-not.” Dean huffed, angry that he couldn’t even speak. Colette took his hand and squeezed it, “N-not a-a-a-a-a-a” He wanted to spit it out so he just kept trying. Not like Colette hadn’t seen him in a worse state, “g-g-good O-O-O-O-Omega.” He finally managed to spit out, shaking his head.
“The things you wanted weren't wrong, Anna, they were right. You just wanted to live freely and that shouldn't be a crime. They,” Castiel swallowed looking her over, “they took everything from you.”
Kevin took his seat in front of Jamie and the Doctor, across from Ben and Polly. It felt strange now though, like a whole lifetime had gone by since he’d first gotten on that plane. For the few weeks he had been here, Kevin had gotten everything he’d ever wanted in life. His work had been successful, he had friends and a big family, he’d been in love, had adventure, and lived in a place where people cared about and truly knew one another. He’d lived in the endless darkness and tasted its fresh air, water, and food. He’d loved it, but he didn’t belong there.
“I love you too, Balth,” Castiel said into the man’s neck as Michael gave Castiel a friendly pat on the back and Hannah waited for her hug alongside Samandriel.
Sam just shook his head and started making some tea. As they came towards the kitchen he could barely hear their voices.
Sam swallowed hard, he had to go passed them if he wanted to get to the pearl. Other people were passing them, he just needed to be another one of those people. Sam closed his eyes and let a slow breath out. He moved forward, just as another man did and walked towards where the guards were talking.
“Yeah, it's peaceful. This hike in particular is kinda long so you really don't get that many people.”
Dean heard several shots coming from inside the mill and assumed it must have been Gordon. Crazy fucker. He knew the guy was a psychopath, but to kill his own people? What kind of piece of shit would do that? Benny cursed under his breath and ran back towards the trucks. Jody and Dean ran after him. As they passed the main building of the mill they saw walkers pouring out after them.
“You mean it right? That isn't just the sex talking right? You aren't gonna show up the next day and tell me you decided to stay right?”
“I’d like that,” Kevin said, about to smile only to realize he’d been smiling ever since he shut his mouth. He felt his cheeks go warm.
“All the more reason to make sure she knows you want her before you take off again. Look, Sammy I'll even help you out. Invite her over for dinner. I'll cook, you show her around the house, have your chick-flick moment and ask her the fuck out. Jess is awesome, don't miss your chance because you got your panties in a knot.”
“Doctor…” Polly whispered as she tugged on the Doctor’s sleeve, but the Doctor was back on the microscope, “Not now Polly, I think I’ve almost figured out what is in this vile concoction. It is a tricky little thing, a lot of time went into this.”
“Wow…they definitely look friendly,” Claire said sarcastically from the backseat of Cas’s truck. They watched as the group went into an old gas station to raid the place, it looked to be a group of two men and one woman. They carried axes and machetes, but didn’t seem to have any guns.
“Three dead, a fourth just came down with symptoms. It hits hard and fast, and we don’t have any medicine to calm the fever.”
“Hey, buddy. Look, I'm not gonna kill you. Although, I probably should after you freaking stabbed me. But I owe you one and I'm a man of honor, so with this we're even ok? Don't let me see you again.”
“They probably came to raid the place, found this fucking hell, and said fuck it. Smart. But, if they were just gonna hit and run, they wouldn’t waste the chains and padlocks…no, this is our group, Cas. I can feel it. They planned to keep hitting this town and they didn’t want to deal with all those walkers, so they sealed ‘em in.”
Jack turned to Kevin, “I haven’t really ever played any instruments, but I’ll practice really hard, then maybe we can play together!”
“Anyway, I’m John Campbell, born John Winchester. This inn has been in my family since it was built, so anything you wanna know about it, I’m your man. Me and my family will be taking care of you during your trip, so feel free to ask us if you need anything. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all served here, but feel free to head over to The Roadhouse down the path if you get tired of my son’s cooking.”
“Hardly, they make pretty great desserts when combined with snow. Especially yellow snow, if you can find it. Why don’t you go try it?”
After a while of Kevin quietly concentrating on trying to draw Sam, he broke the silence in frustration, clearly hoping for a distraction, “So are we gonna talk about it?”
The council was planning to gather for talks about how they should respond to the situation, but there was still much to be done before that talk could happen. New scientists would need to be assigned to the weather control machines and some of those who had retired from the position would need to be called in immediately to train them alongside Jess. Import priorities needed to be adjusted and the forests would need to be combed for damages, bodies, and underground labs.
“First off, it was Magic the Gathering, and you know it. Second, I totally kept count. Your distraction techniques won’t work on me.”
Dean rolled his eyes and moved his lips next to Cas's ear, “I'm asking if you are gonna get that sexy ass moving and take me up against one of these trees, tonight.”
Dean glanced over to where Jack was sorting things on a separate aisle with Sam, “No kidding, gotta be at least a grand worth of this stuff.”
“That sounds great. I’ve been wanting a ride in one of these babies,” Ben said excitedly. The group followed Kevin to where his car had been parked for the month, they loaded their bags in the back and crowded inside.
“Look inside.” Kevin urged quietly and Sam opened it to the index. Inside were dictionaries for nearly all of the languages in modern day use as well as some incomplete dictionaries for ancient tongues that were mostly lost. Sam moved through the pages entranced as Kevin began again, “I use to study this with my tutor. Language was one of my favorite things to study, after music. I've heard your incantations, I bet you'd be really good at foreign language; you'll probably be better than I ever was.”
“I most certainly did,” the disheveled Doctor replied stubbornly, which only made the other three burst into laughter. Kevin couldn’t help but feel a bit lonely as he looked out at the planet ahead. Traveling for work always felt a bit lonely. Through his work, he had experienced so many amazing things, been to more planets than most people could boast, seen dozens of rare sights both dangerous and beautiful, and eaten the best foods the universe had to offer, but he had always had to experience them with strangers or alone.
Dean practiced his magic muting spells over and over until he was exhausted and then took a seat near the training dummies. He poured a bucket of cold water over himself, letting it soak his head and run down into his robe and armor.
“Kevin?” Kevin’s attention was torn away to Sam who was standing in front of him with a worried look, “Are you sure you won’t reconsider, we don’t know what is going on out there, but it’s not safe, you should stay here.”
The Novak tree had made a thick wall around the storage unit, no wonder things had been quiet recently. Kevin watched as hunters rushed through a small opening in the wall.
“What? He is a shem, that is his parents' fault, not mine." When Castiel's glare didn't soften Balthazar rolled his eyes, "Don't be so touchy, I get it you want to make sure he's ok or whatever. I'll see you at dinner.” Balthazar bowed with a flourish and left. Sam looked at Castiel confused.
Cas looked away, “When it was happening, it was all adrenaline. I didn't really even have time to think about what could have happened until later,” Cas looked back at Dean, “and after hearing all the stories of those in the tower and the things they've had done to them, I came to realize how lucky I've been, even with what happened yesterday. Things could have been a lot worse if you weren't there, so, thank you.”
“See, there you go. You are doing your job and you are doing what you think is right. Have some faith in yourself, you are a good man. I wish you could be even half as proud of yourself as I am of you.”
“Look, you want revenge, you got it, but this is done-” Benny started, but Gordon quickly cut him off.
Slightly sexual coercion/power play (it doesn't get that sexual, but it is pretty intense with the coercion/power play so just a heads up)
“You put bugs in their rooms? How does that help anything?” Jamie asked disgusted and Polly sighed, “Bugs are like recorders, remember that voice recorder I showed you? It’s like that.”
Castiel had been trained to navigate using the sky, so combined with Dean’s map, they easily made their way through the thick forest. The place was even more perfect than Dean had originally thought. Not only was it at the top of a mountain, but the whole area was cleared out, so the forest framed a giant, open, circular area that was once used for tubing and skiing. That kind of clarity would allow the people in the lodge plenty of warning if a hoard actually managed to get there after somehow climbing up the mountain and getting through the thick forest. The lodge itself was right by the road, so the occupants had an easy way out in an emergency. It also had a dirt path that cut across the cleared area to the opposite side, where yet another road was hidden just behind the trees. On several sides, they also saw small red shacks labeled “Ski Patrol,” which Dean could imagine being used as watch towers.
Charlie blushed bright red looking away, “Well, you see, there is sort of this tradition that when a couple marries, they go out to the forest to uhm…procreate. Doing it out in the forest not only blesses the union, but they say it helps with conceiving and childbirth.”
“Sure…good luck with that,” Kevin mumbled quietly, wheezing and coughing a few times before closing his eyes and going still.
“That makes sense, Anna would talk about how she felt trapped having to do what her mother did. She’d complain about how they lived a lot too. Sayin’ that everything we had must be nice and all,” Ben added.
“Still, I don't think everyone gets homesick. Sam seems fine and I'm sure he understands that your father has an important job to do.”
Dean was running through the forest, the lyrium pumped through his body so powerfully that he felt like he could run forever. He looked around constantly, he knew he heard something this way. It was nearly dark, but this mage, this one was worth drudging around in the dark for. She'd already killed 3 templars, she was smart, powerful and wild. All day Dean had been on her trail, but she had led him in circles. Most of his brothers were out hunting her, but he hadn't seen them for days. The further out she got, the more they had to spread out, but Dean knew he was close. The air seemed to reek of magic.
Dean laughed and shook his head, “Dude, you can't seriously want to see me and Benny make out, you don't even like guys.”
Dean started to hum rapidly and whisper lyrics to some song Kevin didn’t know. “Not this again, you want a beer, son, will that help?” John offered, but Dean shook his head frantically and kept humming.
Kevin grinned and moved his hands down to the bottom of Sam’s shirt and slipped his fingers underneath before moving them back up, feeling every muscle and bone hidden under his soft skin, “You do make a pretty good argument.” Sam gave a pleased hum as he leaned back a bit, giving Kevin’s hands space, but also pressing himself down onto Kevin’s lap.
Kevin’s wince accompanied Benny’s soft groan. He needed to do something, he needed away from there or he was going to throw up. “Do you have first aid supplies at the Inn? I could go get them,” Kevin offered and Dean looked over at him, but Kevin couldn’t meet his eyes.
Sam laughed catching his meaning and he crawled onto Kevin’s lap, pressing his long legs on either side of Kevin to avoid crushing him. Kevin’s eyes widened and he quickly moved his hands to Sam’s sides, feeling his warmth made him unconsciously whimper.
“Look, I ain’t asking for your whole crew. The one who owes the debt is you. We only need a few extra hands, you, your boy, maybe one or two of your guys, whoever you can pull, that would be enough.”
He wasn’t, and she didn’t. She did, however, laugh at his stick-dragon for a good 10 minutes until she was crying. Somehow, Jack still guessed it was meant to be a Charizard.
After the movie, Kevin and his mom went to get dinner at a classy seafood place nearby on the upper level. His mom loved the place and they almost always ate there when they went out together.
Dean glanced over at Benny and noticed how tense he looked, his knuckles were white from gripping the steering wheel. “It’s gonna be fine, you know? You want me to drive so you can get a nap or something?” Between working on strategies, organizing supply runs, helping Ash build pieces of his barricade, and driving around to recruit backup, the guy had barely slept the last two days. Dean may have been right there with him for most of it, but at least he was able to grab a few hours here and there. Benny, on the other hand, had to be running on fumes at this point.
“I missed you too, Brady,” Sam said honestly and Brady moved closer into his space, not going for a kiss, but leaving the option open for Sam to take if he wanted it. It was always like him to let Sam take the first step, to be the initiator. Sam looked at him and countless memories of stressful afternoons burned away in his arms talking about anything and everything, flooded his mind. He could still remember the citrus scent of Brady's clothes mixed with the spice of his deodorant and his natural grassy scent. He could remember his different tastes and touches, he could remember the feeling of Brady's soft sandy hair brush against his cheek when they slept and of the warmth he felt went they were joined together.
Cas blushed realizing he had been staring at Balthazar the whole time, “Sorry, I was just thinking about something. Balthazar can I ask you something?”
So, there are a lot of kinds/ranges of demisexuals out there, some on the ace spectrum and others not. Please don't take this depiction to be all encompassing or anything.
“You know, Dean…this part reminds me of us a little bit,” Castiel said quietly, holding a small paperback version of Romeo and Juliet in his hands.
“It's alright, I could tell you were in pain. Doesn't it bother you? Letting them have so much control over you? Knowing that they are slowly poisoning you?”
Cas sat up, still straddling Dean's waist.  “I know you've been waiting for us to have enough time to make it “special”.” Cas said using hand quotes that made Dean roll his eyes. “But, I don't think we will have a full day together anytime in the foreseeable future.”
“Ok, so skipping this whole strip-wicked grace idea, what can we do instead?” Samandriel asked, looking around.
“You could just stay here you know? You could set up shop with me, help me run the tavern. Maybe we could pay some other templar to sneak him out of there.”
“Yeah, he was the community hunter, the one who hunts for those who can’t, but since he’s leaving his family and coming into mine and I’ve got the Inn, he could choose to change roles and yeah, he practically jumped at the chance.”
Sam looked back once the smoke started to thin. He was hoping it would be something obvious, like a dead rat stuck somewhere, but no such luck. Just looking at the different parts, he had to face the inevitable truth, Sam had no idea what he was doing. Dean loved cars. That was something else he had picked up from their dad and probably from some of his contacts. He took care of the Impala whenever dad was gone, he had apparently been an on-and-off car thief, and once they were on the road in the apocalypse, he had taken lots of parts from other cars to keep the Impala running this long. He had even had to rebuild her a couple of times. Unfortunately, that meant that Sam had never really picked up any of those skills because he could always just rely on his older brother. “I uh…think we need to get Dean for this.” Claire rolled her eyes and Jack smiled, nodding in support.
After their meal, Castiel, Sam, Dean, Claire, and Jack headed back to the docks, loaded everything into the truck and headed back into town to bury Sally.
“Not gonna lie, sounds pretty depressing, Cas,” Dean teased before licking a long, slow strip down Cas’s length following a pulsing vein, then open mouth kissing his way back up.
“Dammit,” Ben swore suddenly as he dropped his knife, jumping back to keep it from his hitting his feet. Kevin looked up at the sound and watched as Ben picked the knife up, his irritation and worry radiating from him in waves
Benny made his way close to the harbor and turned off into the trees again to open the cart. “Alright, from here you can make your way in. You better all go in separately though. There isn't a gate and there should be a lot of boats with their crews loading and unloading cargo around, so it should be easy for you to slip in and get into the back alleys. Dean, you look like a sailor anyway, carry in a box of potatoes and take it right to the pearl and no one will bat an eye at you. Kevin, you hold yourself like a noble no matter what you do, so I recommend you go with it. You're headed to a whorehouse anyway, try to look like a spoiled brat who's trying not to get caught with his dick in the honeypot.” Kevin's eyes went wide at that and Dean snickered. “Sam, you're gonna stick out no matter what you do, being that tall. I got a cloak in the back, throw it on and keep your head down, don't let any guards or templars see you and you should be alright.  Take the backstreets and get in The Pearl as quick as you can. The Pearl ain't that far in, play your cards alright and you'll do fine. You all got the map in your heads yet?”
Dean blushed and looked out the window to hide it, trying to focus on what he now knew was the ‘Snake river’ as it wound it’s way through the bare, brown hills that led to the Lewiston valley. Benny gave an airy sigh, “You don’t gotta talk about it if you don’t want to, I just wanted to tell you, I’m cool with whatever.”
“It would be one thing if he didn't like me or something, but it's all just because he doesn't have time. That's crap! I mean, I knew he was ambitious and I like that about him, but he's going too far. I mean, he's taking poison!”
Claire rolled her eyes, “Fine. Just, be careful, and shout if you need me. You two hurt my little brother and I will fucking end you.” She pointed to her eyes and then to them, to prove she would be watching them, before slinging Dean’s assault rifle over her shoulder and heading into the kitchen.
“As if this giant can get lost in a crowd.” Kevin said bumping his shoulder against Sam's only to earn a playful glare.
Cas penetrated the ring of muscle slowly, but watching Dean's face tighten in pain made him stop, “Are you ok?”
“Oh yes, we’re fine, maybe we’ll join you later,” Polly said with a smile and The Doctor nodded, “Alright then, shall we, Jamie?”
Castiel closed the space between them again, and then spoke slowly, punctuating each word, “You never build, Winchesters just take or destroy.” Dean looked at him in disbelief as he continued, “I know you don’t agree with this, the fact that you were ready to bash that boy’s head in down there made it clear enough what you want, but Sam told me about the community in Chicago…he told me how everyone worked together.-”
“So basically, I'm still aiming to be the first Asian-American president of the United States. Figure I'll get a business degree, maybe go into law, get a minor in philosophy on the side, you know just so people like you can't out argue my logic with their emotional appeals,” Kevin teased as he dipped his nachos into a messy mix of sour cream and salsa.
“Laugh it up, real cute, Cas.” Castiel smiled and looked away, the air felt lighter then, and Dean finally let himself relax.
Sam looked down with a twitch of irritation, “Shouldn’t I be the one to choose what I ‘should’ be doing?” He was snapping back, this was an interesting turn of events.
The room they entered was a narrow loft that overlooked the floor below. The only light came from a large fireplace below, which left this floor covered in shadows. From what they could see, there were sleeping bags and pillows lined up in two rows with stacked tables and chairs along the far wall. The room was still, but Dean remained cautious as he carefully looked around, pushing his toe into some of the fluffier sleeping bags to make sure no one was in there with them. His brow furrowed as he pointed his gun at each sleeping bag he inspected. Castiel counted a total of 16 sleeping bags, though he supposed this wasn’t necessarily where everyone slept. After all there was a smaller cabin right next to the lodge.
“If my mother had her way, I’d be a doctor. Or the president. Probably president of New Earth,” Kevin added and Polly looked at him with surprise before laughing sympathetically, “No pressure there, or anything.”
After work, Dean stopped by his house to take a quick shower and then changed into his swimming trunks. He looked around for Sam to see if he wanted to go too, but when he didn't find him he sent him a text.
Benny clapped him on the shoulder, then looked around his group, “Alright, here we go, it’s time to get this done. Ash hand out the walkie talkies then get your team on unloading the trucks. Donna and Jody, you two head up and start firing whenever you’re ready. Meg, Dean, you two check your ammo and be ready to roll. Fergus, I got a map in my truck, let’s go look over the routes again, we gotta make this as smooth and as fast as possible.” Everyone looked determined and focused as they headed off to their individual tasks. Benny’s group had lost a lot of people over the last few weeks, they weren’t willing to lose any more.
Kevin moaned and hooked his robe tangled arms around Sam's shoulders, Sam lifted him a bit and Kevin's legs instantly went around his lover's waist. With Kevin's light weight, Sam easily maneuvered him up against the wall and sent a lingering trail of kisses along his collarbone. He could feel Kevin growing hard and poking eagerly at his stomach and it set him off. Sam was an aggressive lover by nature, and in moments he was attacking Kevin's mouth with his own, moaning into him and biting at his lips as his waist pressed against Kevin tightly. Kevin held on tight and pushed against the wall to push against Sam as close as possible. Finally, the robe disentangled from his arms and fell to the ground and he was able to grab at Sam's strong back muscles freely.
“Keep taking turns, we don’t want to be in their line of fire,” Kevin suggested and Polly gave an agreeing hum, though she was clearly too focused to really respond.
“Not the hair, please, do you have any idea how long it takes to set it just right?” Balthazar complained as he batted her away.
“That sounds wonderful!” Polly added brightly while Jamie just rolled his eyes and kept his arms crossed until The Doctor gave him a scolding look and instantly the young man looked sheepish.
“If you show her that we aren’t interested in what she has to say, I’m sure she’ll move on. She’s not an idiot or she wouldn’t be on the council, she knows you and knows you reflect this community’s opinions. You opposed her at the initial presentation, she won’t waste too much time trying to sell you on it now. She’ll go for the maybes, the swing votes, and try to get majority rule.”
Dean grinned with building hope, “Yeah? Me too.” Castiel looked at him curiously and Dean shrugged, “Benny already knows, Jody saw us in the cabin, and hell, Claire has suspected my…uh… less than pure intentions towards you pretty much since the beginning. That doesn’t leave too many people to surprise at this point.”
Jamie grinned, “Aye that sounds like Dean.” Charlie lifted her brows and shoulders, nodding her agreement awkwardly.
“Who is Kevin?” Gabriel looked over at Sam and Sam just put his face back in his hands and tried to will the entire dinner away.
Kevin could somewhat pick up on the gasps, whispers, and teasing from the others in the room, but for the most part everything was all Sam and his soft, large mouth that seemed to consume Kevin’s.
On reflex, Dean practically shoved Cas away and tried to make himself look busy, but Hannah ignored the effort. She was 12 at the time and absolutely adorable. She had long brown curls and big bright eyes, plus it didn’t hurt that she was also smart enough to talk her way in or out of anything.
Dean laughed, then went quiet, “Anna was pretty sweet…” He could still remember the sting of her slap and the strength and conviction of her voice, even when she was crying. “I wonder if she’s really gone…”
“That is fair, but honestly any stories about here are just going to be boring. It’s always the same here, the same people, the same food, the same traditions, year after year, but you, you get to explore all over the place. That’s amazing, there must be so much out there.” Despite the wonder and longing in his eyes, Sam’s brows tightened in frustration and instantly the mood was killed. Kevin scolded himself as he looked Sam over one more time trying to find hope of restoring the mood, but when he realized the mood was sufficiently dead, he set his beer bottle down.
“No avoiding it, someone has to go,” Gordon said again, looking each member of the group over, as if he were shopping for a steak and wanted to find the leanest cut.
The girl looked him over suspiciously and thought about it for a moment before finally giving a dramatic sigh, “We’ll take a look at your brother’s foot if you want…but don’t try anything or I swear to god I’ll shoot you both in the head.”
“I don't think I'm getting any better. Even with practicing at the cafe, I feel I need.... guidance.”
Dean and Benny parked the truck and walked in step along a salted cobble stone path towards a two-story cottage that looked like something out of an old Germanic fairytale, particularly the kind where the witch inside ate unwanted visitors.
By the time Benny came back, they were ready to go. Benny went out first with Dean and told him to 'get the gate' which was established code for be look out. Dean went to the gate and opened it up, taking a look up and down the road, but the closest people he could see were a ways off and working on fixing up a roof of a hut, so he figured they were safe. With that, Benny rushed the mages into the back of the cart and made sure everything was tied down properly. When the three were out of sight, Dean came over and hopped up on the cart and Benny followed closely behind him, setting his crossbow at his feet.
“Not at all, I for one look forward to sex where we can orgasm together....and avoid injury. Dean, I should tend to your hands while I still have enough energy to keep the aura going.”
“Ok, I’m going on ahead, there are some things a father doesn't need to hear about his son,” John said, doubling his pace.
Dean had meant to help Sam by coming here, not hurt him worse than he'd already been hurt. It sucked, but it had only been a day. Sam said he needed time and Dean would give that to him. He'd be patient and do things right and with a clear head. First things first was to make sure he had a place among the other templars. Dean went to the templar table and sat down.
“What do you mean?” Andrea asked, keeping her eyes on Cas, and away from the gun that Dean was still pointing at her.
“You lead them back, I’m going to help the others,” Cas said as he grabbed Dean’s knife from his thigh holster.
“Yup…apparently, you don’t smell it if you’re here all the time. Those of us that only came in now and then though, woo-boy, it was one hell of a reason to make sure the shopping got done quick.” Dean grinned imagining Benny rushing Andrea down the aisles of some tiny hick-ass version of a mall, grumbling all the way.
Kevin looked around, there were still a few guests here and there, but Dean, John, and Jamie had gone off somewhere, taking the alter with them. Knowing that at least Sam’s family wasn’t right there, he sighed and gave in to the line of questioning, “It was nice. We went to the greenhouse.”
“Fuck, I forgot about the hobbit sized biohazard down here,” Dean pulled his shirt up to cover his face and moved to the far end of the room away from Kevin, but also far from the walker cage, “So much for sane people, huh?”
“Because you are going to cum when I let you, and not before,” Cas said as simple as if he were talking about what they were going to have for breakfast and Dean's breath caught in his throat. He nodded.
“Alright, alright. Can't blame a guy for trying. See you later.” Cas nodded and moved in for one quick, chaste kiss before heading to his old, barely working car. Dean watched Cas leave and waved him off before going back into the house to find Sam.
“You hold that head up, baby. I didn’t raise you to mope. Now get out of that bed and go enjoy yourself, you only have a couple more weeks there.”
Sam took the plate and Gabriel instantly sat across from him, watching for his reaction. Sam kept his eyes on Gabriel's as he dipped a frog leg in the cheese sauce and brought it to his lips. The frog was like a slightly fishy chicken with a Cajun spices in the breading, but the cheese sauce was an incredibly smooth blend that calmed the heat. Sam hummed his approval as he washed it down with some water, “That is actually really good. I mean, chicken might be better than frog legs, but the way the spices and the sauce balance each other out is really good. Seriously.”
Jamie put his bag up next, along with the Doctor’s, as The Doctor took their key and shoved it deep into his pocket before rejoining the others. Kevin went up to the desk and waited for one of the boys to return back downstairs. He hadn’t really gotten a good look at them while he had been in line, but as one returned downstairs, he realized they weren’t ‘boys’, they were grown men.
The next few days, Castiel struggled to move forward with his work, rushing from one person to another to get their stories before another fire 'accident' could occur.
“A month ago, I had no idea what to do, but your company told me when you’d be back and they gave me your mom’s contact information, so I’ve actually been staying with her for the last month. That’s how I got these clothes.”
“Nah, I left your damn dagger over there.” Dean pointed about 30 feet away from Cole where the dagger was clean and leaning against a tree stump. “Wiggle your way over and cut yourself loose. We'll be long gone by the time you get outta there.”
Castiel’s shoulders tensed, “Forgive me for my hesitation…I have children at home. Until I’m sure we can reach an agreement, I’d rather not-“
There was a quiet whistle in the distance, then a flutter of wings, followed by a squishing sound. Dean and John stopped in their tracks and Jamie moved close, “We got something?”
“You mean before or after I got expelled…” Dean asked quietly, gluing his eyes to a spot on the ground at the bottom of the stairs. His hands felt shaky.
“I dunno, maybe Cas found it on his way out and left it for me? What do you think he means with that 'come back to the family?' crap?”
