Three hours later, Dean can’t sleep. He is sitting at a little table against one of the walls and he is watching over Sam, finally asleep on his stomach, clutching his pillow. He promised him he wouldn’t do that, but he can’t help it.
Then the glass door opens again and a petite dark haired woman walks in. She is dressed in all black and she’s sporting a pair of big dark sunglasses even if the sun is barely out.
Dean huffs a laugh and lets go of the tie but his hand refuses to retreat and it goes and pokes at the wet spots on Cas’ white shirt, right above his right pec, and all down to his side.
Dean just shakes his head as if enchanted, and he kind of feels like he is, especially when Castiel smiles at him. It’s a pressing of lips but it reaches his eyes.
He runs into Cas in the hallway one afternoon as he’s going to the laundry room. They almost crash into each other, but they both take a step back just in time. Cas says “Dean” as if he was looking for him, and studies his face for a long moment as if he’s able to check the history of his facial expressions of the last few days, those he wasn’t around to see, as Sam had sent him to meet Claire somewhere to take down a nest of vamps.
Dean reaches towards the backseat to take a t-shirt out of his bag. He throws it on Cas’ head and starts rubbing his hair and he’s so startled that for a moment just lets him.
Dean huffs a laugh. “That’s fair. Come on, we’ll give you a lift and fill you in. Where you headed?”
Dean’s thoughts were so loud at that point that he wanted to ask “What?” to make sure he hadn’t misheard him, but the moment was gone, it was too late already.
Steve doesn’t seem like he trusts him even one bit. In fact, he doesn’t seem to appreciate at all his evasive answers.
Cas’ eyebrows raise in thinly veiled amusement and that’s all the answer Dean needs, “What? Who?” he asks, outraged.
So they decide over lunch that Sam is gonna drop him off at the library so that Dean can check the archives to see if there’s been attacks on different hiking trails in the area, see if they’ve got another habitual spot they might have switched to. Dean is paying for their lunch when on a whim also pays for a coffee to go.
By the time the sun got too warm Sam and Cas had gotten out of the water too and Dean was starting to see the freckles appearing on his body. They decided to go back inside to cool off and have something to eat, but then Cas fell asleep on the couch watching tv before the meal was even ready, and after lunch Sam said he was going to read out on the porch for a while, so Dean was the only one who went back into the water.
Castiel doesn’t ask what he needs it for and gives him direction in a professional and practised voice. Dean’s got a knot in his stomach but still fakes a smile and says “Great. Thanks, Cas.”
He couldn’t ask that. He couldn’t risk hearing something that would keep him awake at night and make him grind his teeth in his sleep. He didn’t say anything and they kept going for a while. Cas pointed out to every bird he saw gliding in the distance, but they stayed quiet until Cas said: “I don’t regret it.”
Dean rolls his window down and in the night air that ruffles his hair he can smell another storm coming. He turns the music up and meets Cas’ eyes. There’s a smile in there somewhere that mirrors his own.
And he likes how the smell of the softener fills the room, likes the warmth fabrics under his fingertips and how quiet his head gets as he does the same movements over and over again, once, twice, three times. In there, he can’t get it wrong. He never gets it wrong.
There’s Sam introducing him to this lady to work a job together on alledged arachnes activity in Winsconsin and a girl who wants him to debunk some stuff she’s heard about them but she doesn’t believe (he disappoints her cause they are mostly true) but most importantly, there’s Cas’ thigh pressed against his when he’s sitting and Cas’ shoulder just an inch away when he’s standing, and somehow it’s different than it was before.
"Jack is riding with Claire,” he says as soon as he’s within earshot. He sounds like he doesn’t think it’s a good idea and it’s a little funny.
Sam added a whole new series of worst case scenarios to Dean’s list. “But what if you get stuck there? How you are going to come back? Doesn’t seem worth it.”
stories and the idea of expanding his pool of knowledge on hunting and creatures appealed to him greatly.
The commercials start playing and Castiel is telling him a funny story about Gabriel when Dean puts his plate down.
Dean makes a pleasantly surprised sound. “Well, well, looks like I’m not the only one with a concealed identity after all.”
Dean really didn’t want to have that conversation at three in the morning. He closed his eyes for a few seconds and tried to keep his voice under control.
He motions to follow him out back and always insists on helping him carry the cases to his pick-up even if Cas says
Dean increasingly worried about the way Sam seems to slip more and more into unconsciousness. He tried to keep him talking, slapping his chest and asking him questions but for the last ten minutes or so, Sam had his head lolling on one side and his replies had become only barely coherent mumbles.
“Got all night.” Dean shrugs, then still sensing resistance he insists. “Hey, I answered your questions. Seems only fair you do the same.”
“If it makes you feel any better, we’re not bad guys.” Dean adds, going for charming, trying to melt the ice a little.
Castiel doesn’t understand the exchange, nor what he’s implied but he thinks that asking for clarification would show his ineptitude. He stays silent and lets his gaze travel on Dean’s body, his legs, his arms, his hands, the freckles on his cheekbones, the space between his nose and his upper lip.
Castiel stares at the coffee and looks up at him again and Dean realizes. Castiel does look surprised – but not
“Yeah, you know, get to know more about the local history, see if we can spot a pattern. Maybe these vetalas have been around for years. We should check for robberies gone bad too. I’m just saying,” he raises his eyebrows. “books always served us good.”
Cas had opened his mouth but nothing had come out, so Dean had laughed and slapped his back. “Just kidding. We got you, buddy.”
He takes a breath as if he’s trying to say something that just won’t come out. “Cas y- You’re always talking about -” he struggles. He closes his eyes for a moment and Cas is unsure if he should say something. But then Dean starts again, “You want to give me what I need” he says, and it sounds like a question so Cas nods. Dean drops his head and his voice, “and that’s just us.” he manages to say in the end “It’s all I need.”
“Doesn’t really change my life. And it’s a good story,” he huffs a laugh, it comes out bitter, “Better than some of the true ones anyway.”
The library is a small edifice of just a couple of rooms one after the other and Dean sees Castiel right away, behind the circular desk at the entrance. He is wearing a thick blue sweater, with a zipper down the front and snowflakes across his chest. It looks soft and warm and Dean wonders would it would feel like to press his face against it and how it would smell like, most likely of candy, fresh snow and herbal tea. Then he tells himself to get a grip because he is feeling way too happy to see someone he met less than a day ago.
He showed Cas the pictures he had taken and then he told a story of the last time they had spent time on a beach. Neither of them remembered where they were and why they were so near the coast but John had left them at the motel for the afternoon and they had sneaked out to see the sea up close. It was too cold to go into the water so they had stayed on the sand even if it was almost freezing and Dean had built for Sam a giant sand castle.
Dean closes the tap and turns around. “This must be the stupidest thing you’ve ever said.” he says firmly, “You help me all the time.”
On the other side of Cas, Sam gets more fidgety; he says, “If you think uh – we don’t want any trouble.”
When they are missing something from the bunker he stops at the mini mart. Fortunately, the young man he was rude to that one time doesn’t work there anymore. Stacy always greets him with a friendly
“It’s Cas, right?” he asks and Castiel’s wide eyes set on him as he nods. “Those were vetalas. They are creatures that poison humans and feed on them.”
If Max is perched on the counter next to her, flipping through a magazine, Stacy is even more relaxed. They exchange looks behind Cas’ back and Max watches him from under her eyelashes the whole time he wanders around in the shop. One time she sees him looking at the candy bars display for a long time and she heads over, points at one kind of chocolate bar and says
Dean doesn’t like those days. He gets snappy and irritable and Cas leaves and it makes everything worse.
But she shakes her head and gestures dismissively. “Nonsense. No one will start trouble if they don’t wanna see the end of my rifle. A friend of yours is a friend of mine,” she reassures him. “Plus, Eileen vouched for him.”
“I’m serious, Dean. Nothing stops us from going on vacation for a couple of days. We’ll bring our emergency phones and that’s it.”
Sam raises his eyebrows when he sees the coffee in Dean’s hand but thankfully he doesn’t comment on it. He assures him that he will keep his distance from lakes and other body of waters as he carries his own research, asking questions in tourist points in the nearby towns where hiking trails start and end.
He opens the passenger door and lets Sam up, slinging one of his arms over his shoulders to carry him more easily.
aggressively hitting their desk bell and coming in from the snow with his arms bare and probably dirt smeared across his face, it’s not exactly the best first impression Dean’s ever given to someone. But who cares? He just wants him to do his job.
So Dean, with that spot on his lower back still tingling, follows him out of the room and into another where there’s only a few scattered hunters and Jack, happily squeezed on a couch with his new friends, his mouth hanging open as he hears a story from this guy named Ronnie that Dean knows for a fact only talks shit. The kid seems to be having fun though, he waves at them as move along.
Dean sighed heavily. He wanted to go. He just… didn’t want to make that kind of decision. To just plan something relaxing? With all the work they had to do? He knew that he could do that, he had the right to do that, he didn’t have any boss that would forbid it, but he… couldn’t just leave and do what he wanted.
“I just wanna thank you for what you’re doing, Sir,” Bradbury said. Her small hand had a strong grip. “It’s really hard for us, so if you’re— if there’s anything in that room that will help you understand who Dean is— why we’re so—”
“We don’t have to pretend that nothing is different, because everything is,” Lieutenant Winchester was saying from the podium. He had been speaking for ten minutes already, having opened with a mindfulness exercise and a tearful tribute to Commander Turner. He now seemed to be transitioning into his next point. “I hate that this loss, this huge loss, is what reminds us that we’re a family here, that it’s not just a job. And it took me so long to realize that, you know? That what we do is at least as important as who we do it with…”
Although Dean was in the middle of a strike, camped out in his quarters, so he was absent today. And therefore Chuck of Shurlion was occupying his spot as the lunch hour’s special guest star, educating the group on his harrowing escapades leading up to his rescue from Rosencia.
He and Dean went unacknowledged as they swiftly, silently moved from the entryway to their seats at the helm, aside from Claire and Ensign Jones leaving their temporary positions as their substitutes to allow them to sit down. Ellen was in mid-conversation with Naomi, and as Sam situated himself, trying to keep his movements as unobtrusive as possible, he tuned in.
Captain Ellen Harvelle did not meet Castiel upon his arrival in the transporter room as per custom. He was instead greeted by two engineers. Their eyes were wide and faces pale but it did not seem to be Castiel they were afraid of.
“I have a hydration hypo,” somebody (Jody, evidently) said. “Maybe we should start bringing water bottles when we—”
“Ash has it,” Ellen had answered flatly. The glance she threw Dean explained everything. Her brown eyes were slightly twisted; she wasn’t quite ready to bring Dean on an unpredictable mission, either. But Dean was sure his face was red with fury and humiliation. He was itching to breathe in some foreign planet’s oxygen again, and it wasn’t like he was trying to hide it. Dean would be throwing himself back into harm's way eventually, and Ellen would rather him be doing it on her terms.
,” Zachariah quipped. “They are inscribed with our religious texts, yes, but they also run our schedules, power our homes of worship, simplify our courts… they hold as heavy an engineering and governance responsibility as they do a spiritual one. Of course, I wouldn’t expect your race to understand such an advanced and successfully applied concept.”
“Well, I don’t,” said Dean, who was two heartbeats of residual John Winchester panic away from just phasering this dude and beaming the party back up already. “What the hell is going on?”
little man,” Dean said, and even through his rage, Sam felt his stomach drop in shame. “Don't say bad words.”
“Yes. Briefly.” Castiel’s thoughts were preoccupied by the hostage as well — less so with his appearance, but the lengths the torturers seemed to have taken to keep him alive during his imprisonment. He was looking forward to a chance to sit down alone with the hostage, study him, heal what he could, perform his duty. His fist ached.
“Sorry ‘bout the mess,” the engineer said as they entered the hallway. He was breathless. The two golden bands on his sleeve indicated he was a commander; therefore he was likely head of his department. “Ellen— Captain’s in Sick Bay. We, uh, we got a problem.”
“You have to ask?” The engineer said. He laughed, but he looked as if he were about to collapse. “You’ll see, man. You’ll see.”
“Castiel I’m gonna get our shit together outside there’s so much to do and I can’t stay here I’ll meet you in interrogation in fifteen shit do you need a map or wait Ash can take you okay I’m sorry I’ll talk to you soon it is great to meet you.”
Ellen’s arms were crossed now, her stance wide. Dean hadn’t been paying much attention to her, but her eyes were narrowed and her mouth pressed thin, displaying a similar expression of skepticism as she had with Zachariah and Uriel.
Castiel nodded, even though the thought of abandoning a sacred Seal of Elysium to a team of only human rescuers made his skin crawl. “Aye, sir. That is logical.”
Darkness comes and goes, but it isn’t sleep. It’s something forced, as if they pull his mind out from directly inside him, and he doesn’t sleep, he just
Castiel’s hands shook. He pressed them against the cool table and tried not to think about the soft pattern of Dean’s freckles beneath his fingertips and the sharp echoes of Dean’s screams in his mind.
“I do not waste time I do not have,” Zachariah countered. “But alas, the human attention span is so very brittle.”
I am also in massive shock to realize that I wrote a fix-it vignette for Dean's impalement with an iron rod months before it actually happened. It was a little sickening to see that actually happen on screen. Like, of all the vignettes to end up prophetic, why did it have to be that one? At least Cas healed him in mine.
“Seven thousand confirmed cases in the states,” Sam said, “and 141 deaths. Over 214,000 cases globally. Jesus, 475 people died in Italy in the last twenty-four hours.”
Castiel hypothesized that even a study of an extreme case of Humanity — this ex-redshirt Winchester — would serve as a rather helpful subject to compare all further case studies to.
“Although, I would appreciate access to those files. It’s really Mister Crowley I’m concerned about.”
“Naomi,” Captain Harvelle interrupted above Castiel’s left shoulder. “I am biased. I want to get my best pilot, and my friend, back to living his life. Happy. And I want his brother and my crewmates to be happy. But aside from that, I want the truth. I want to know what happened on Gehenna and I feel that you do, too.”
“I’ve heard of you,” Ellen said calmly. She performed a slow turn, taking in the scene. “The factions, and the, ah…” she pointed at Meg with a quirked eyebrow. “The zealots?”
“Way to go, Kevin!” Dean cheered, just before a stray tentacle smacked Kevin flat to the floor and sent the key skidding across the cave, a few feet from Dean.
“Commander,” said Sam Winchester’s voice. Castiel turned in that direction and tried to blink him into focus. He had difficulty reading his expression when it was covered in tears.
His body seized with inexplicable fear and he fell to the side, the tricorder flying from his hands and landing on a very particularly bad spot on the ground, one that Dean had clearly marked on his map of traps as a trigger. In that moment, lucidity came rushing back, just as something whooshed through the air and Dean felt a sharp punch in the stomach.
“I’m awesome. I haven’t had this much fun since those hot chicks on Triskelion beat the shit out of us. Y’know, the whips and the shock collars? Remember that?” Dean beamed, giving Sam a playful whack on the shoulder to assure him of his physical well-being.
While researching whether everything in Star Trek took place in the Milky Way (it does) I came across Voyager 1's last picture of Earth and the passage by Carl Sagan about the pale blue dot and I have not cried that hard in a long time. I officially don't believe in Alternate Universes — what the hell do you think all those other billion GALAXIES in the universe are?! In the original Star Trek series, they only explored SEVEN PERCENT of the entire Milky Way galaxy and already met so many other worlds and civilizations. So therefore. All the billion galaxies in the universe are alternates of our own.
Thundering steps rumbled in the not-too-distant distance, leaves crunching and trunks snapping and, all too soon, the hound’s panting breaths were almost on their necks.
on my watch,” Nurse Mills choked out. Her hands fumbled and she dropped an instrument, which clattered to the floor. She gasped, tears spilling down her cheeks as she kneeled to pick it up. “Jesus. Sorry. Jesus.”
Cas looks at him expectantly for a moment, then frowns slightly and drops his gaze and it takes Dean a beat or two to follow it and realize that Cas is holding out the box for him to take. He was too focused on his face to notice it and when Cas says “Dean?” his eyes go to his lips and it makes things even worse.
. Cas doesn’t know what she knows but he doesn’t ask. He doesn’t even tell Dean because he doesn’t know how to explain it. She shows him pictures of her grandson and he buys stamps with sea animals to give Jack as a present.
He gets out and the next moment Cas has taken his seat. He doesn’t waste time to pop one of Dean’s tapes in the deck as he takes the road again.
Steve searches his face with an inquisitive look for a long moment in which Dean can feel his heartbeat speed up. Then Dean sees him reach under the counter and he holds his breath. He may have a shotgun or one of those buttons that calls security or something. Instead what he holds up and slides over the counter is a room key.
Then they lighted the lamp on the porch and ate their microwaved pizza on their rattan chairs, watching the sun setting. Cas told them a story about a king that was thousands of years ago thousands of miles away and the stars took over while they drank their beers and listened to his voice.
“Yeah, I was - I am. I am leaving. I mean unless…” Dean swallows, and just gives him a look that hopes it’s enough to finish his sentence for him.
Silence falls then and fills up the space all around them. There’s only the tired whirring of the computer informing them that it’s still alive and kicking and the hands on the wall clock that ticks away the night.
It’s always too early to interact to anyone; the town is still sleeping and whoever is already around is too groggy or too busy to give you anything more than a curt nod. Cas appreciates that. Although at this point he feels pretty comfortable on Earth, there are times when he still feels like a fish out of water, so he relishes these morning walks that don’t require too much effort.
But he’s got a text from Carol while he was about to get in the car after wrapping up a case, and Sam asked who it was, so it had become a Thing to discuss.
Then one night Sam called him into the war room to show him a booking website and way too good to be true photos of bungalows on a beach.
Dean sighs and gets his legs moving, picks up the bucket and goes over to the sink to empty it and wash out the dirt. He says “Cas, come on, it’s nothing.”
Castiel on the other hand has not really familiarized with the space yet. He knows only where the basic stuff is: the coffee, the cups, the glasses, the beers. He knows where they keep their cutlery. So when there’s nothing more to take out of the bags and he tries to be helpful, he ends up opening cupboard after cupboard and then looking at Dean to ask “Where do these go?”
And somehow the stark contrast between what he said and the way he said it makes it sound funny even if Steve didn’t intend to. Dean lets out a laugh and seeing him throwing his head back, one corner of Steve’s mouth tilts upwards ever so slightly.
But things had changed and he’d changed and he’d let people in and fought to hold on to them and to do right by them. And he is proud of what he’s done for them and for the whole world; he wouldn’t change a thing. His life had been a difficult one, but he’d known love and family and that was the important part.
Sam has the funniest reaction. His face goes blank and he starts staring into the distance as if he’s processing a word he is not used to hear. He snaps out of it right when Eileen is wondering if she should wave a hand in front of his face. “No,” he says, “it’s not like that.”
When the guy walks away, Cas moves to lean on the counter by his side. Dean feels the familiar weight of his arm against his and he wonders if they could pick up the conversation where they left it. But Cas says:
“You go” adds Dean reassuringly, knowing that Sam is probably considering staying behind to help him.
Dean sat on the porch with his coffee and watched them, fighting the urge to yell at them not to go too far from the shore like a mother hen. The wind picked up after a while and it started raining again so the two made their way back to the shore and then broke into a short run raising their arms to try and cover their faces, their swim suits wrinkly and clinging to their tights, the sand sticking to their feet and calves. They arrived half laughing and towelled off but Sam’s teeth were clattering so Cas told him to get into the shower first.
Soon it’s fall and when Dean gets there he finds Castiel in the little garage attached to the house looking for the leaf blower among the clutter. It’s the first time he sees the space and he is assaulted by the thought that his Impala would easily fit in there, next to Castiel’s car. He doesn’t dare mention it but the thought nags at him all weekend.
Castiel quickly turns around once again, and this time he pushes open the door and exits but Dean’s pretty sure he saw a smile on his lips.
he thinks about him but he senses that he does nonetheless. He knows he’s an anomaly in Dean’s life. He didn’t believe in his very existence before seeing him in that barn. Dean learned a lot from that day forward.
Packing was never a problem for Dean, even when it was him and Sam and just one duffle bag. They didn’t need much. But with Cas, they couldn’t just share everything. Like, he had to have his own beach towel, Dean had thought, staring at those that were available at the bunker. He didn’t really see Cas showing up on Thursday with a trolley on tow. So he'd asked Sam and Sam had suggested they fixed him a bag and gave Dean one of his old backpacks. Dean had put in a red beach towel, and later Sam had dropped by with a couple of short sleeves shirts that he’d found in some old closet. Dean had contributed with the spare toothbrush he always carried in his own duffle bag, and a couple of t-shirts and sweatpants to use as pyjamas.
Dean says, “You up for a ride after we drop Sam off?” and all his worry melts away from his face. He says a soft, “Alright,” and disappears into the backseat.
"What? No!” exclaims Dean, shifting on the spot. “That’s my baby. We’ve been together forever." He sounds outraged and Steve seems amused by it. “It’s a family car,” he grumbles, settling down.
Dean is glad to know that. She has opened a door in Sam’s life that he probably thought closed forever and Dean will always be grateful to her for that. Also, she is a badass and totally out of his brother’s dorky league.
the windshield. Today there’s something different, he feels, in the familiar, comforting smell of the Impala, something fresh, new, something that whispers to him that he’s got the whole day ahead and all the time in the world after that.
It’s only fair Bobby is the one to welcome him. He hugs him and Dean breathes in car oil and gun powder, and the inside of his house, old books and cheap booze. He doesn’t even question how is that possible.
“But it could,” insisted Sam taking the bottle offered and taking a sip. “There’s no harm in looking anyway.”
Castiel is turned mostly away from the door and he is busy with a visitor so he doesn’t spot him right away. Dean hovers around the entrance, takes a peek at the newspaper rack by the door, until he sees the visitor passing him by towards the exit.
“How did this happen?” grumbled Sam, sipping from his cup looking out of the glass door like a puppy that wanted to be let out. The rain was so violent and the wind so strong that Dean felt uneasy watching him standing there with only a door to separate him from that.
They had an unplanned encounter with two vetalas they were hunting a couple of towns back. In the last few weeks the vetalas had lurked on a hiking trail, casually bumping into tourists to steal something valuable from them, only to attack them once they returned on their steps to search for it. Being the middle of winter, they’d been feasting undisturbed, favoured by the small numbers of people that braved the paths and by the sun setting early.
- them, like this, side by side - it feels right. Dean looks back down shaking his head a little, as if he’s regretting something he has done or something he can’t still bring himself to do.
“Yeah? This was the easy stuff. I’ll have you fold sheets and sofa covers, we’ll see what you think then.”
Dean is in a very good mood. “I can’t believe they still do these things” was his comment on the way there and since they’ve arrived he has been complaining that he can’t stop at none of the games before the job is done. Eileen finds endearing the way he manages to protect that part of him that makes him excited for things like that even with the life he has. It’s not easy to reconcile the image of that man with sparkly eyes with the one she has seen swaying a machete a couple of days before.
“Let’s do this way. I’m gonna go to the library, okay? Do some digging. And I’ll see you back at the motel tonight and we’ll see what we got.”
There’s Max and Alicia, sprawled on a couch, nursing the worst hangover Dean’s seen in a long time. They say they’re happy to see him, but then they eye Cas up and down and Max says something along the lines of, “Oh, I see now why you keep him hidden from us,” and that prompts Dean to quickly move along.
“I heard about the missing people. Pretty freaky, uh?” he says, casually. “Did you know any of them? Heard they were mostly locals.”
Then he hears footsteps behind them and suddenly the weight becomes more bearable as Steve is holding Sam up from the other side.
“If you call those ‘answers’,” he retorts actually air quoting and it makes Dean huff a laugh. He is starting to really like the guy. He’s kind of dorky but he’s cute and Dean is not sure if he’s ever felt more at ease with someone he just met than he does with him right now.
“As I was saying” he starts again, as he dubiously picks up another kitchen rag from the unfolded pile, this one with white daisies embroidered on the hem, “now that Sam is mostly the one who passes hunts onto her, I’m glad that we can direct her towards things that are not as dangerous as they could be. I know that when you were her age you were thrown in all sorts of situations, but you had your father, and then you had Sam. She is alone and -”
He can’t contain the smile that takes over his face. He waits a second more before opening his eyes.
Before he turns around to go his eyes stop somewhere behind Dean. “Cas?” he asks, and Dean remembers then that Cas is there too, just a few steps behind them.
Dean hits the bell a couple of times but nothing happens. “Hello?” he calls, and he hits the bell again and again, nervously tapping on the wood with his other hand. He spots an open book next to keyboard of the main computer. Someone
That gets him out of his chair and out of the shade of the porch, under a sun that is not too warm, nor too cold. “Thanks Bobby,” he looks back.
Castiel looks up but Dean cuts him off before he can open his mouth: “Why are you asking him for? He has never changed once in his life.”
go any farther. Believe me, I would,” he says, matching his cold stare and trying to keep the volume of his voice in check. “My brother is outside in my car and he’s freezing to death,” he says, enunciating every word. Steve impassive façade crumbles a little. He looks suspicious, frowns and titls his head a little to the side. Dean keeps going, sensing an opening. “He can’t possibly go another mile in this snow. I can’t take him anywhere else. You gotta let me take him in.”
He was in the other room before, the room where the lights are on and Dean and Sam and Robert are around the desk, trading books and discussing unimportant matters. He was in the room with them, until Dean said he was making him
This time Dean doesn’t need to say anything before he moves to resume his task. Silence falls upon them. Dean sneaks looks at Castiel as he works. He looks at his hands, strong and efficient but careful, as gentle as they can be as they hold something that is not lethal, pointy or dangerous in any way.
They keep going, settling into their roles. Castiel takes out the items from the bags and arranges them neatly for types on the table and Dean moves through the kitchen to put them back in their designated places.
Sam is waiting for him at the bottom of the stone steps. He is still wearing his FBI suit and his heavy coat and scarf but he’s got his hands buried in his pocket and his shoulder drawn together as if he’s still cold. As Dean approaches him he coughs a few time and Dean’s irritation for that case flares up again.
Dean said they should have expected the shops to close early in a sea town like this during the spring. The supermarket was in a side street that gave into a little square that was basically the centre of the town. They poked their heads in just to see a couple of pubs and little tourists’ shops. Cas wandered closer attracted by all sorts of knickknacks they sold. He dallied until Dean urged him because their pizza was melting on them. He bought a little wind catcher made of seashells.
There was a moment during the hunt when Cas had reached towards him - as he sometimes does - to step in front of him, to face the danger himself and shield Dean from it, but he was intercepted and thrown against the car and before Dean could do anything, that werewolf had jumped him, almost killing him – so it’s like that moment they had, suspended, never completed, left him with a sense of loss and now he wants Cas close. He wants Cas to always be able to reach him.
If he’s had a long night, sometimes Dean dozes off with his head on his hand and his gaze in Cas’ general direction. Bitter thoughts drift him away, like, how Cas probably shouldn’t be there, and how this was never a place for an angel.
Instead, he steps back and looks away. Dean’s hand has to let go of the hem, and he feels a pang of disappointment that surprises him. He hadn’t even realized that he was expecting something.
Dean follows his eyes, he feels them travelling down his neck and on the front of his tshirt, soaked and sticky on his chest. Cas doesn’t touch though.
I'm sorry it took so long to get this up, but for some reason I had it in my head that the chapters have to be super long. I think from now on I might be sacrificing chapter length to achieve more frequent updates, but we'll see how it pans out.
Dad’s face was limp, grayish, like all the tears he’d cried yesterday had wrung him totally dry. Like a washcloth. Like a juicebox sucked thin.
Even through his chromo-metallic environmental suit (which served more to combat the heat than the atmosphere, which was breathable), the putrid smell of rotten eggs and gasoline was impossible to ignore. Sam wrinkled his nose. The stench was practically visible in the reddish air, as if it was pulsing off the street in waves.
“Are you done?” Jo said, watching Dean and Charlie’s laughter turn to grimaces as they swayed from their restraints.
“S’okay, Sammy,” Dean said shakily, cradling Sam’s head in his lap. He brushed his matted hair from his giant forehead, trying to at least cool him down. “You’re fine. It’s not even— not even a scratch.”
Chuck exhaled sharply. “Castiel,” he said, tensely, obviously fighting to remain calm, “I’ve been extremely tolerant of you going off and doing your own thing in your spare time.”
“Yeah, don’t worry about it,” he said. When they walked off, Dean was able to hear the low voices in the room beyond the door, which hadn’t shut all the way.
“No,” she said, trying with all her might not to cry and mess up her expensive makeup job. “But… the cake…”
“Find anything?” he asked, moving to sit next to the angel. They had stopped getting a double room some time ago and just got one king-size bed because Rami never slept and Bast liked having more room to spread out.
“This time it was self-defense,” said Dean, gritting his teeth so he wouldn’t flinch from the burn of the antiseptic. “They can’t suspend me for that.”
“There’s an inscription,” Cas said, finally, as they settled in to wait for his knot to subside. “Inside the ring,” he clarified when Dean looked at him, confused.
Purgatory was where all the nasties that weren’t demons went when they died and the Colt line was responsible for a fair number of those deaths, so Bast was given a particularly vicious welcome whenever his path was crossed. On top of that, the wound he’d sustained in his battle with Pythius had been slowly leeching into Bast’s system, but he didn’t realize until a particularly close battle resulted in his eyes turning black and Bast utterly vaporizing the Leviathan that was attacking Ramiel.
He waved a hand, pushing that aside. “That’s not important, just gimme the next line. Don’t think about it too much, don’t be ‘Tom,’ just react how
“Whoa, whoa,” said Dean, grabbing his wrist. “At least walk me through it.” When Cas furrowed his brow, Dean elaborated, “I may not understand all of it, but I want to know what you’re doing to me.”
“Of course.” He laughed softly at another flutter from the first twin and placed Castiel’s hand over it, replacing his concerned look with another smile.
“Can we talk somewhere else?” Gabe asked, quietly, though the undercurrent in his voice was tense. “Normally, I probably wouldn’t say anything, but… he tells me you’re a really good friend, so…”
Nodding, Dean reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a business card, which he handed over. “Yeah, this is me.”
Cas closed his eyes again but he didn’t let go of Dean. “If you’re just going to waste my time, I’ve got something I’d like to get back to.”
Leaning over, he snuggled in and rested his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “Maybe a little easier said than done, but I’ll try. You always know how to make me feel better.”
Dean looked at the dark blue stones, but they didn’t sparkle quite like Castiel’s eyes. “Mm… no. Do you have anything, like, brighter?”
“You love being a bad boy, don’t you,” he purred, drawing the tip of his nose along Dean’s jaw until he could nip at his ear. “Maybe later I’ll punish you.”
“It’s not silly, beloved,” Cas said, seriously. “Our relationship is about seeing to each other’s needs, not me torturing you for my own pleasure. I don’t want you to feel like you have to ‘deserve’ to use your safeword in any situation. I’m not going to judge you for it.” He squeezed his hand. “I’m certainly not going to abandon you for choosing to use it.”
When enough time had passed for the knot to go down and Cas was soft again, Dean reluctantly let go and Cas assisted him in getting to his feet. He wrapped his arms around the omega, which he was grateful for as his legs were a little wobbly. Lifting his face, he was rewarded with a kiss, slow and sweet.
“You had an imprint before, but now I can tell some demon’s put his claim on you.” He leaned closer. “Let’s just have a little taste…”
The alpha was still panting beneath him, his arms holding him tight. “You almost had it,” he said, a smile in his voice. “You only said half my name.”
“Of course not,” the children said and Ramiel’s relief was palpable. “Azrael has a human soul and therefore he has free will. The decision is his and always was.”
“Yeah,” Dean interrupted, avoiding that earnest expression by picking at the label on the water bottle. “Good work, but, uh… there’s really no need to thank me. You’re working at your peak now, so you totally don’t need me sticking my nose in your business.”
With a flash of red eyes, he crawled on top of Dean for a wet kiss, his lips and chin coated in slick. When he lifted the blanket, a waft of his aroused vanilla scent drifted up to Dean and he grabbed the alpha with a growl. He could only be teased so much before his inner omega demanded he just
He did so, getting comfortable. Cas leaned back a little and balanced the book on the upper part of his pelvis. It stayed open against his abdomen.
‘If you’d just been honest with him from the start, he could be spooning you right now,’ his brain pointed out. ‘You idiot.’
Alone, Dean shook out his hands, trying to dispel his remaining anxiety. These last few minutes were important, symbolizing the omega’s last moments without their mate. From this day on, they would never be on their own again. Of course, Dean and Cas were already mated, so it wasn’t quite the same, but he appreciated it nonetheless because of how alone he had been prior to meeting the alpha. Sometimes, he still couldn’t quite believe how damn happy he was now when he thought about his past.
Leaning on one arm while bobbing his head, Cas proved a marvel at multitasking by reaching for the jeweled plug and slowly grinding it. Dean moaned, open-mouthed, the sensations so intense, but he wanted more.
Maybe. Or perhaps Castiel would have taken one look at him, known his dad basically hated him, and said ‘this isn’t going to work, but thanks to you I’m considerably more confused about my sexuality.’ Everything about this situation sucked and there was no one for Dean to blame but himself.
During an ad break, Dean turned down the radio to ask, “What’s with the ice? Did you go get dinner before picking me up?” He looked for a bag of takeout but hadn’t smelled any food in the cab.
“Mm-mm,” Dean managed to answer in the negative. With his arms free, he reached up and grasped the metal railing of the headboard, hanging on in order to provide some resistance. It helped him to feel Castiel’s hands around his neck better and thrust back against him.
“I did call ‘red,’ daddy,” he said, needing Cas to know he’d tried to follow proper protocol before fighting back.
I’ve been informed that the remainder of this week will be quite busy for our bakery as well. Though I will miss our conversation, perhaps it’s a blessing in disguise that we’ll both be preoccupied with work.
“It’s… about fornication, Father. I can’t get enough of gay sex.” Dean’s eyes popped open wide. That wasn’t what he meant to say
“I knew it. I could smell it on you. Gushing with slick in front of your brother, despite wearing a plug. What a naughty boy, such a needy slut, aren’t you?” Cas purred in his ear, reaching with his other hand to ghost his fingertips along Dean’s inner thighs above the stockings. The prickling sensation it left behind was maddening, making him squirm.
was a thing he wanted from Dean. What was it called? Age play? But… at the same time… he couldn’t deny he liked seeing Castiel happy. And being the creator of that happiness, it did something for him. So, maybe there was something wrong with Dean, too, for being so easy to talk into it.
How the FUCK does anyone get bread to rise? I see these pictures of big mixing bowls FILLED TO THE BRIM with risen dough and I’m convinced they are Photoshopped. Every DAMN time I go to lift the cloth from my dough, having waited hours to do so, having so carefully combined the proper ingredients with the expectation of getting a big beautiful puffball of dough, heart in my throat I go to look and – I get a rock. I’m Charlie FUCKING Brown on Halloween.
“That’s really shitty,” said Dean, angry on Gabriel’s behalf, despite never having met him. He’d definitely experienced prejudice like that in the past, but from his own brother? Never. He felt so fortunate to have Sam and their close relationship, he couldn’t even begin to fathom what it would have felt like if the kid had turned on him once he’d presented alpha out of some misguided sense of superiority.
hard to impress her future in-laws and the mother was still calling her ‘my son’s fiancée.’ Dean looked over at Sam who was standing in the kitchen doorway. “Sam?
It wasn’t until morning when Dean’s brain finally came back together that he could remember what they’d been discussing prior to having sex the previous night. Since it was early enough that he didn’t have to rush to work, he turned on his side to face the demon who was also just waking up. “Cas… this sweet smell I have now? Since it’s basically your fault, is there anything you can do to fix it?”
Dean: Would you be interested in trying some of my new inventions when you stop by? I’m always super critical of my work and sometimes I can’t tell what’s good and what isn’t. You’re clearly talented and you strike me as someone who would be honest with me.
And on and on. Sometimes it was a lot of little problems, sometimes they were big problems. It was funny to just about everyone who wasn’t Dean. Sam thought it was hilarious. He experienced what he considered a normal amount of bad luck now and then, nowhere near what Dean had to go through on a daily basis. It was total balls.
“Bullshit,” he said and hearing an expletive fall from his lips was surprisingly sexy. “You’re perfect. I thought so immediately. I love the idea that you could manhandle me at any time.”
“Cut! Reset for Ramiel!” Here, they would do a cut where they’d make it look like Bast turned away, only to find Ramiel already behind him with a sound effect to imply the fluttering of wings. It was a cheap way of giving the impression of angelic power without any special effects.
Instead, they’d exchanged pajamas full of each other’s scent in order to help get them through it and called between masturbation bouts for encouragement and a little bit of phone sex. It was
Castiel’s huge hand came down again, on the opposite cheek. It covered so much of his butt’s real estate due to its size! This time he grabbed a handful when his hand landed and gave a firm squeeze.
He held the omega even tighter, scent-marking him by rubbing his jaw along his neck. His five o’clock shadow rasped the sensitive skin, making Dean shiver. He clenched around Castiel’s knot and they both moaned.
He tugged on the hand Castiel was still holding as he spread his legs, trying to get the alpha to climb on top of him. Castiel moved in between Dean’s legs, but all he did was push them up higher so he could move down further. He licked the flat of his tongue along the furled lips of the omega’s cloaca and groaned.
The alpha rolled him onto his side and his face swam into view, brows furrowed in concern. Dean wanted to say
“I want to apologize, Sam,” said Cas. “I was under the impression that Dean had told you more about us.”
Castiel’s eyes lit up the moment he caught sight of his favorite brother and excused them immediately from the conversation they were having with Hannah to drag Dean over. “Gabe!” he exclaimed with a wide smile. “You’re finally here!”
. Castiel was not certain how he came to be on Naomi’s ship, either, having only become conscious of his presence here what felt like minutes ago, but could well have been hours.
Castiel was caught entirely off guard, his eyes shut and his hand pressed against the comet-shaped burn on Dean’s left shoulder (which, strangely, fit perfectly beneath his palm and fingers — Castiel was beginning to think that the accidental shape of a comet may in fact have been an intentional handprint). His focus was buried deep inside Dean’s humerus, his Grace knitting his severest fracture back together at the root, when Dean’s right arm shot out and caught Castiel by the front of his shirt.
He’d remodel the bed, so that he could flip it upside-down to repurpose as a ping-pong table. With one end of it pressed up against the wall, he would never need a partner to play. As third in command he probably had the leverage to put a mini mini bar in here, as well — although perhaps being on such thin ice with the captain may hinder that endeavor. Plus, it wasn’t like his quarters were very spacy to begin with.
“Thank you,” Castiel forced out as Sam stood. Sam said goodbye to the lunch table and started to head toward the portside door.
“No, I mean—” Castiel watched Dean’s chest rise and fall. “His mind has been broken. I will fix it. I am going to read his mind— I have tried before, but perhaps I will be more successful now that he has—”
Once freed, Dean’s chest rushed with joy as he caught the Rosencian off-guard with a sharp kick. After four hours of hanging around, he felt a little bit like a marionette doll, his limbs clumsy and prickling with their whacked-out blood flow, but the adrenaline of
Sam’s face had been flushed to begin with, but now he was beet-red. From horror or flattery was impossible to tell.
“Fuck.” Dean hastily corked the thing and locked the safe, shoving it deeper under his bed. His throat was still burning and he hoped to high hell he wasn’t gonna open the door and find Ellen there to greet his alcohol flush. “Dean’s residency,” he hollered towards the door.
Crowley squinted. “The prophecy of the Last Battlefield is a rather ancient belief. Dates back to the origins of Lucifer’s legends. Castiel hasn’t told you?”
As many wounds as possible had been cleaned, but still, the unfortunate creature before Castiel was barely recognizable as a human. The medics had at least finished setting his shattered arm — Castiel was grateful for that, as skeletal injuries always took their greatest toll on him — and all that remained visible of the wounds was a horrific burn on his shoulder, shaped like a comet with five flaming trails. Dean Winchester’s other limbs were all but shredded, his organs still on the brink of collapse, his nervous system a disaster, and the several regulators attached to the patient — around what was left of his nose and mouth — obscured much of his face from view. In fact, it seemed the only thing the torturers hadn’t desecrated were the man’s eyes, peacefully hidden beneath the delicate, almost shiny curves of his eyelids.
Sam shoved the amulet back into Dean’s hands. “Take it or I’m telling Dad you taught me to say fuck.”
“Take her with you where?” Ellen asked. She scanned Sam and Dean and sighed. “Winchesters, you may be dismissed to beam up, you look awful.”
The sky was pure orange and bright as midday, yet the giant moon hung there, shining pure white. God, it was so big in these heavens, Sam’s entire fist wouldn’t block it out of his view. He became ever more aware of their gravity boots clunking against the dirt. They were an essential on Gehenna. Those in the lowest castes, lower even than the lowest of prisoners, were left to bounce and float over the planet, drifting away to be claimed by the elements. Or the Hellhounds. Or the slave traffickers.
The year Sam was away from Starfleet — Sam had only been 18, but still so much older — was obviously the best year of his life. So after what happened with Jess, Dean had assumed Sam would’ve erased Starfleet from his life completely. Instead he came back, and not only did he come back, but he came back as navigator. Right back where he started. Dean would never understand how Sam could just
Ash was found kneeling in a pool of fronds, pawing at the mud, Ellen and Sam standing a few steps behind him. Jody and Ketch appeared out of the chaparral just seconds after Dean arrived.
Relationships with Klingons on their home planet Kronos were rocky enough nowadays, especially after the political uprising several years ago that had shook the planet. So relationships with Klingon
Who was it that ever said that my life really couldn’t get any duller? My family’s dead and I can’t see a way to carry on… I’m not THAT GUY!”
Castiel noted the time and adjusted his stance. Harvelle seemed to be waiting for his advice, but the day’s whirlwind of events had, frustratingly, disoriented Castiel. He regretted the life of Rufus Turner had been terminated before this conflict could be resolved. Castiel was a logical adviser, but Harvelle evidently desired a confidante at her side right now, not a stranger.
Castiel’s head, cocked to one side, shifted positions to be cocked to the other. His disgustingly wide, freakishly blue eyes blinked sharply, like an owl, or a possessed child from one of those antique horror films Sam liked to watch. “I knew.”
Castiel’s head began to ache slightly. Although he knew his orders and the predicament he was about to be thrust into, something about the details of the emergency — the Winchester boy — tore at his brain. His fist tightened.
That was apparently insensitive. “I apologize for the…” he set his jaw. “These are admittedly not… ideal circumstances to grow acquainted with each other.”
It smelled like vanilla and wet dog in here. He batted some leaves out of his face, and a few stubborn fronds clung to his palms. He jiggled his phaser out of his belt, hearing whistling around him accompanied by blasts of pink light — his colleagues clearing their own paths through the jungle. He vaporized enough branches to see a few yards in front of him and hurried forward, errant boughs brushing his arms.
“The secretions render the victim, ah…” Chuck dabbed at his beard with a napkin gingerly. “I’m not sure how to say it in Standard.”
Zachariah’s unblinking psycho smile was instantly redirected to Dean. “Oh,” he said, “we don't. But some of us have a bit of humor and imagination. Long as it doesn’t get in the way of serving our Celestial Host, right?”
Zachariah was moving on to another point he’d learned about humans — some strange quip about the peculiar human culture of a handshake as a greeting and the sexual implications of hand holding on Elysium — but Ellen silenced him.
“We’re inside— out.” A rough, painful gasp, and a tear streaked another shiny path down his cheek. “You—”
So it was acceptable to focus on this singular human being, for the time being, and shut out all others from his perception. It was both essential to performing his sanctioned duty and beneficial to the future of science. Or so Castiel told himself, for the nineteenth time in five days, as he watched Dean Winchester beg him for another round of what the humans called “arm wrestling.”
He probably looked like a total moron, pressing his face up against Baby’s steering wheel like this, but Dean didn’t really care. The metal was forming painful welts across his forehead and nose but in a sick sort of way it felt like a gentle hug. He’d slammed his face against this steering wheel too many times before (hitting the brakes too hard when he was sixteen, dancing to the radio too hard just last week), so it was some form of a routine to remind himself of that familiar feeling.
Sam broke into a sprint, leaving Rufus behind. The dirt beneath his feet grew hot and he darted to the side. Another tall bloom of flame erupted from the ground where he had just been, glowing projectiles of discarded rock sizzling Sam’s flesh as they hit his arms.
It’s the pain that pulls him back, lights up the world like a fucking meteor. When his eyes open — they closed? — the pain is so violent he can almost hear it, crackling like kindling, the splitting skin and broken bones and the pinching, this incessant
“No alarms!” Ash rejoiced, popping his head up from the hole. He promptly slid himself into the gap beside the seal. His chest was level with the jungle’s surface. “Who’s gonna help me lift this?”
Crowley smiled, pointing at Dean like a professor who had been waiting around for this exact question to be asked.
“You sure?” Doctor Singer asked. “Not that I’m disagreeing with you, but being a Seraph and all, I thought you’d… be more in tune with the overkill alignment when it comes to safety.”
,” Dean said unhappily. He straightened in the biobed, expression darkening to a pointedly hostile glower. “S’when they let
“Hey, good lookin’,” Dean smirked. He coughed, face falling, and turned to Sam beside him, waggling his broken arm as much as the cast would allow. “Who th’fuck is this weirdo?”
In the midst of the group’s outburst of hysterics, Jo suddenly straightened and waved brightly to somebody across the room.
would be enticing enough. “I would appreciate it if you also observed greater patience and diligence.”
The sound of trees cracking jarred the party. Dean didn’t bother to pinpoint where the sound was coming from, instead trusting an instinct and pointing in a direction. Jody and Ketch took off, Sam and Dean close behind.
“Yes. However, reading his mind will not allow me to heal him. Not psychologically. Although I may acquire knowledge helpful to the Gehenna case, I would not finish my job.”
“Please,” Crowley said. “I’m a Klingon intensely interested in the diddlings of Starfleet. You think I wouldn’t recognize the one Seraph currently in their rotation?”
Dean adjusted his tricorder strap, having yet to form any muscle memory with the equipment, and bumped his shoulder into Castiel’s from behind. The Seraph glanced at him like he was carrying disease.
Kevin, Sam, and the Seraph were well-versed enough in the Rosencian sign language that they’d had one diplomatic conversation with the guards, but it proved they still couldn’t rescue the Shurlian from his gilded prison without a kidnapping. That night, the team had split into two; Ketch, Sam, and the Seraph infiltrating from the front while Dean, Charlie, Jo, and Kevin took the back.
Castiel’s fist opened and something fell to the floor beside the bed with a tiny thud. He did not stop to look at it. His head was aching inside this room. He could taste smoke.
“That is not what dream catchers are supposed to do,” Castiel said. “When hung above a person’s bed, they catch the bad dreams but let the good dreams through. When the sun hits the dream catcher in the morning, the bad dreams evaporate. According to legend.”
unlucky fellows got stuck with the most solemn Seraph in the garrison. Cassie here—” he wrapped an arm around Castiel, squeezing him like an overbearing mother with her preteen son at a family gathering, modulating his voice accordingly, “—is our little teacher’s pet. Aren’t ya?”
” She giggled as Dean kicked at her, viciously swiping back and nailing him in the thigh with the heel of her boot.
“And get this. The musical is about Andrew freaking Jackson, of all things. A musical about Andrew Jackson? I don’t even know who Andrew Jackson was.”
“Prove yourself?” Ketch interrupted, looking at Dean tiredly the way he used to proofread Dean’s xenobiology essays in college. “Dean, there’s nothing to prove. Being on the security team, it’s about best fit.”
Dean. Sam’s face crumpled again. He hit the mattress with his fists — because he was so angry that crying just wasn’t enough — before dropping to his knees at the bedside, grabbing the pillow, and burying his head beneath it. The world became very soft and warm and feathery. All Sam could feel was his hot breath puffing up against the fabric of the pillowcase.
It was safe to say the possibilities of a fantastic night were limitless. But noooo, they had a Seal to retrieve, so Dean didn’t have a single moment to sidle up to one of the ladies (or gent) and buy them an ale.
And for now, it was fantastic that the Seraph seemed to be at least somewhat on his side about the whole mind-reading thing. Even though —
“Flowers!” Sam exclaimed, and Dean ducked, just narrowly missing a branch of the hallucinogenic orange blossoms. Unfortunately, missing the branch of blossoms meant he stepped directly into a loose swatch of mud.
Sam choked on the molten grief in his throat; his lips, tongue, completely numb, his eyes blind, his chest empty. He crumpled, letting the captain embrace him, barely feeling her hands across his back.
. Gabriel did not tell this to the little soldiers. He was not the one who helped them believe it. He did not believe it and neither does the good little soldier. But the good little soldier wishes he could. He does not want to escape in spurts and coughs. He would like to find his friends’ — his
He doesn’t know how many times they do this, how many peeled sheets of skin it takes to get to his core. Reminds him of a bad joke —
Dean glanced to his right at Sam, who, as navigator, shared a position at the helm with him. His brother pretended he hadn’t noticed the slip, too busy wiping nonexistent lint from the crevices of his own pristine buttons.
The two men stopped outside Dean’s bedroom door, the hunter’s hand resting on the knob and the angel standing with an absent-minded expression as he gazed at Dean. They shared a sigh. Neither of them had anywhere to go, so why did it feel like they were wasting time?
As Nurse Jones handed the device to the doctor, Castiel studied the K3 monitor. Every slow blink of the “pulse” light was accompanied by a deep, throbbing tone. The pain and function indicators for the lungs and brain were hovering in the dangerous red zones of their charts. Castiel had heard of those who recovered from vitals this bad before, but he had never seen it accomplished in the flesh.
“D—Dean,” Castiel gritted out. The healing had weakened him and now his head was aching and the room was spinning and, in some disturbingly familiar way, the tears spilling down Dean’s cheeks captivated him. Castiel swallowed, trying to raise his voice. “Doctor Singer—
Dean had never suffered from sleep paralysis demons like Sam, but he imagined Castiel's effect was similar.
He folded Dean Winchester’s broken nose into its correct place again with a slow click. Fresh skin blossomed over the tip and spread outward to cover his cheeks, the incisions in his flesh melting into his new complexion.
His eyes flew open on the eighteenth day and he choked around the nasogastric tube in his throat, right hand shooting out to grasp whatever was nearest, which of course was Castiel.
Dean remembered the stories from his preteen years, before their official Starfleet lives began, when they spent their days floating through space with nothing to listen to except Dad’s rampant political opinions. Project Genesis had been big back then. As far as Dean was concerned, whatever was being dredged up now was all conspiracy  theory.
A few beats passed as the moment sank in. The humidity, adrenaline, and screwed-up ankle had Dean’s brain in caveman mode.
what I’m mad about?” And, in fact, it was, but he had been focused on the other things he was also mad about. Like Mom being dead, and Dad being dead, and Dean not being dead, and all that jazz.
Sam nodded like his advertising idea had been shot down in a PR conference. “Okay. You know what’s best for you.”
For the past two hours, Rufus, Sam, Dean, and three security officers had been bargaining with Chancellor Alastair and his less-than-attentive council on the logistics of a new Federation-sanctioned trading outpost. Alastair was the ugliest Klingon Sam had ever seen — rotten teeth, gangrenous lips, bony limbs, witch-like fingers — but he was also the only one who had listened. And luckily, his vote was the only one that mattered.
He hadn’t cried in that meeting like the others. Instead he’d sat and stared and forgotten to breathe and felt the tide of the universe shifting around him, screaming that he wasn’t supposed to be there, a yanking dread that wasn’t dissimilar to the echoing
“Whatever,” Sam said, punctuated with a sharp crunch of his dry cereal, and went back to looking at his phone.
Before Ellen could react, the Seraph cut in. “Mister Tran is not injured. I healed what little damage he sustained myself.”
Castiel was thinking. He disliked the mind-readings just as much as Dean did, if not more so. Castiel did not know how to explain to Dean how much easier they would be if he stopped treating him like a threat.
The six yet-unpunished crew members glanced between each other awkwardly, but received little more than a light scolding from the captain for their inability to keep a simple mission simple, to keep the ensigns out of trouble, and to keep Dean and Charlie out of chains.
“No,” Castiel said. He shook Dean’s arm until he opened his eyes. The howling cut off and was then replaced with a large, sharp growl. But this time, when Dean winced, everybody else did, too.
crew itself was desperately struggling to understand what had transpired — but it was at least certain they had recovered the hostage and that the majority of fatalities had been Klingon.
Sam chuckled, somehow still in a good mood. Suddenly something caught his attention, and he leaned down to pick something up off Dean’s floor.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean greeted him, letting the navigator snatch him into a rib-crushing embrace. Dean coughed and Sam, assuming injury, released him instantly.
“It’s because your friggin’ brain’s so big,” Dean said. “Pushes all your stupid sissy tears outta your too-small noggin.”
“I’m starting to wonder if you and I are some kind of bad luck charm,” Charlie Bradbury said in response to Dean’s spasm. She was chained up beside him, balls of her feet resting on the floor and wrists moored above her head. Her dress, an enviable red, was still in one piece, as was Jo Harvelle’s blue dress from where she was chained up against the adjacent wall. Kevin Tran’s gold tunic, however, had been removed and tossed aside in a dramatic display identical to Dean’s, although he did not wear the shirtlessness with nearly as much pride. Where Dean appeared in his glorious element, Kevin looked like a fourteen-year-old cadet who’d been mercilessly hazed at one of the Academy frat parties Dean once frequented.
Castiel’s head was spinning from the amount of energy he’d used to repair the damage. He feebly gestured toward the discarded bloody spike.
to accept your new position as First Officer, replacing Commander Rufus Turner, who died in a rescue mission of equivocal legality on the Klingon penal colony of Gehenna.
Dean shrugged. “Ain’t nothin’ like the surgical precision of a Singer stitchin’,” he said with a weak chuckle.
Dean’s face reddened, but not in an angry way, which was new. It was so new that Castiel, completely focused on observing this fascinating reaction for his list of perplexities, didn’t even notice Captain Harvelle approach him from behind.
But even if the trip was quick, it had been packed with excitement, enough to make Dean realize just how starved he’d been for good clean fun lately.
Dean scoffed. “Uh, depends, I guess. Like, your religion is creepy ‘cause it’s got this whole apocalyptic prophecy that you’re not allowed to know about. Klingons are creepy ‘cause they smell bad and they lie all the time. Even tribbles are creepy ‘cause all they do is crawl around and get pregnant.”
It wasn’t an awful procedure. The only memories Castiel was looking for were those the Seraph had wrapped up in tinfoil and stashed in Dean’s mental deep freeze weeks ago, and he wasn’t looking
Yell at Jo for sneaking away on a mission again, but don’t stay mad at her for too long, because she’s just a dumb kid and she’s happy to be here.
At that moment, a shout interrupted the calmness of their meeting. Dean stepped toward the noise, raising his phaser, and promptly found himself crashing to the mud when his ankle gave out beneath him. Sam jumped awkwardly between the fallen Dean and the new intruder — who could now be seen jogging out from the trees in the opposite direction as Crowley had appeared — while Castiel stepped behind Dean protectively. Dean, adamant to be useful, aimed his phaser out towards the figure through Sam’s wide stance.
“He lent you my-” Dean frowned, then stopped. “That’s a weird thing for Sam to suggest. Usually he’s the mindfulness guru gung-ho about wellness.”
As Dean’s sight cleared, he became aware of a sharp ringing in his ears. “The heat, I think. M’fine.” His voice was rather faint.
Harvelle smiled at him with a strange tilt of her head. Castiel almost regretted that he couldn’t understand what that look meant. He glanced at Sam, who was still hovering with the Seal cradled in his arms. Castiel restrained himself from going up to him and checking over its contents for damage or tampering. Naomi’s mantras took over again.
“My point is it might help if you fake a little bit of emotion. Just out of courtesy. For the grieving.”
Apparently, Dean was singing in his sleep again. Nonsense words and profanities, mostly — something about painting on dead bodies, a ditty about Susan Sontag, and the inclusion of the disturbingly obscure phrase “popula-
“Shut your pie-hole, Novak,” Dean snapped, and stared nobly at the viewscreen, watching the stars blur like he’d never seen anything more interesting in his life, not about to let a nineteen-year-old make him look bad at his job.
“That arm,” Nurse Mills interrupted, mostly composed again. “We might have to amputate. All his limbs are in rough shape. It’s like they were playing butchershop.”
“Then that makes you Uriel,” Ellen spoke, gesturing to the other Seraph, using that tone that Dean envied so deeply — she was pissed and suspicious but it passed as upbeat diplomacy. She rose from her chair, turning to face the Seraphim. She may owe them respect, but this was her ship. “I must ask, is your viewscreen malfunctioning? I’m sure you’re aware of proper inter-ship procedures—”
They were sitting on opposite sides of a plateaued boulder in a small cave, taking a brief break from their long trek towards the seventh Seal, the rest of the landing party milling about outside. Dean, facing the cave entrance, was illuminated by a bright swatch of light. He licked his weirdly-shaped lips, shook his head, and furrowed his brow — this was the face he made when preserving his dignity. He pushed up his sleeve, even though it was already bunched up over his bicep after having pushed it up several minutes ago.
“You should show me some respect,” Castiel narrowed his eyes, feeling his stiff muscles relax slightly. “I dragged you out of your deathbed. I could throw you back in.”
Dean had never suffered from sleep paralysis demons like Sam, but he imagined Castiel's effect was similar.
Sammy was asleep in Dean’s arms, bald and happy. Dean wondered what “extremist” meant. Azazel was a pretty name. The pretty lady also had a pretty name, but Dean couldn’t remember it. Anna… or Ella… or something.
“Where will you be taking Meg?” Ellen repeated. As she spoke, she reached to remove the Seal off of Dybbuk’s back, not taking her eyes off Crowley. When Crowley did nothing to stop her, she passed the Seal to Castiel, who embraced it like one would a beautiful woman.
Dean’s cheeks burned. Castiel wasn’t his fucking mother. He directed his anger at Ketch in a seething glare and marched into position as part of the semicircle, ignoring Sam when he tossed Dean a bright smile.
Her head turned just slightly in his direction. Her eyes were wet, her gaze distant. “His… arm. His…” the captain put her hand to her face. “You saw him.”
“Castiel, we managed— are you alright?” Captain Harvelle asked as Castiel froze and touched his temple.
“You got the Clifford reference,” Dean remarked, as if that was more important than the fact that Ellen, Ash, Ketch, and Jody were currently lying limp on a Hellhound’s back.
“Hey,” she deadpanned. If the attitude Crowley addressed the officers with could be described as detached amusement, hers was absolute nonchalance. “Ruby. Klingon. Would like to stop the apocalypse.”
Castiel did as well; it would be much more complicated to deal with a walking headache constantly displaying gratitude towards him than it would be to deal with a walking headache functioning on a foundation of ignorance and sarcasm. It was much easier to be a Seraph on a ship full of humans when the humans weren’t attempting to form “emotional bonds” with him. The way Sam looked at him, with his eyebrows knotted up and his face so horrifically open and tender, was stressful enough.
We put our sixteen-and-a-half year old kitty to sleep on Tuesday (kidney failure) and I just wanted to say that working on this has really brought me some comfort. She was very much a Castiel-like guardian angel presence in our lives and I miss her sitting beside me on my futon while I write. I see her in the clouds and the flowers and the indentation on my pillow. She lived long and she prospered. Rest in peace Sadie, I will always love you.
Dean swallowed, but Crowley’s casual gaze gave him no indication whether or not he was using the royal “you”.
Sam took a few steps forward at the mention of Dean, his thin eyebrows scrunched up tight on his forehead.
“The Chancellor position is, quite literally, up for grabs,” Crowley said. “I wouldn’t mind having the position myself — it would be grand if we were to finally make peace with the Federation. Isolationism is so twenty-first century. Unfortunately, that whore Lilith is my biggest competition. She believes Lucifer can be ‘risen’.” Crowley tossed his hands dismissively. “That’s all a bunch of conservative baloney, if you ask me. Lucifer died in The Cage eons ago.”
Dean was flailing his arms, which meant he was in the middle of complaining, and Castiel was stiff as a rod. They stopped at Dean’s room, but the conversation carried on. Dean pointed fingers and rolled his eyes and moved his head around so fast it might fly off his neck. Castiel simply observed. Finally, Sam read the Seraph’s lips —
“Well, I think it is an effective wellness strategy,” Castiel said. “Your pajamas are admittedly quite comfortable.”
And since Seraphim don’t have feelings, and therefore cannot form subjective opinions about the taste of food, Dean took Castiel’s statement to Bobby as a factual counterpoint.
“Dean has, ah…” Chuck laughed awkwardly as he examined a synthetic fry. “A very charming physique. Arresting features. Robust… stature. Is he, um, seeing anybody?”
“You poisoned me!” Dean moaned, and he’d obviously been joking, wearing his giddiest smile even though chunks of half-digested cow meat still dripped from his chin. Sam should have laughed, because could their lives be any more ridiculous at this point? He should have laughed at Ruby too, and at the way Ketch looked so offended all the time, and at the ridiculous mini-speech Castiel gave him about making his job as Dean’s guardian that much harder.
It was difficult with the light of the torches and the unique placement of the alien’s features, but Dean recognized the Rosencian guard who entered the cave as one who had been present during their first diplomatic discussion. Dean made eye contact with Kevin and dipped his head slightly. Kevin gulped, evidently understanding.
“They aren’t… I mean, it’s just orders, Captain,” the communications officer said, brow furrowed deeply over his dark, darting eyes. “There’s an… ‘understanding’. We’re… we’re to do as the Seraphim wish, until further notice.” Kevin put his hand down and glanced around the bridge awkwardly. “The President backs the order. That’s all they said.”
Finally they reached the Sick Bay doors, which were shut, but a small and very messy crowd had formed around the entryway. This group of officers was distinct from those who populated the busy hallways. Most boasted several gold bands on their arms. They were also bloodier, some suffering wounds. The tallest, in blue, was hysterical, the others holding him back from battering the Sick Bay doors down.
“His brother is coming,” Castiel said. He sensed Lieutenant Winchester outside the door, his energy frantic enough to resonate in Castiel’s ears. “We finish here, and then we can strategize about—”
“Kind of useless out in the middle of nowhere, no?” Ketch said. “Only the dinky unit? Bit of an excess.”
When they had grown up a little, the brothers talked about it. Sam said what she’d done was unforgivable, perhaps, but understandable, and Dean insisted it was inhuman, disgusting, wrong. And then Dad died and Dean had realized the opinions he held weren’t exactly his own and now everything was so much more complicated than it once had been.
“Winchester?” Upon speaking the name aloud, Castiel felt a deep tremor through the hallway as the humans winced in unison. No-contact telepathy, although simple between Seraphim, was rather difficult with humans unless under extreme circumstances. It seemed Castiel had underestimated the extent of this crew’s distress.
Castiel cocked his head, still listening to some energetic wavelength unfelt by human ears or Kevin’s devices. “Not necessarily, but these two I could… recognize anywhere.”
A large shadow passed over their heads and, a moment later, the huge body it belonged to landed in the mud with a ground-shaking
Castiel crossed to the door and opened it in the face of the victim’s younger brother, who jumped, likely shocked he did not need to buzz in.
Sam shook his head and opened his eyes, which were suddenly quite watery. “I just… had a weird… deja vu or something. Like a sudden... from when I couldn't save…” He swallowed, studying Dean with his dewy gaze. “Never mind. Let’s get a move on.”
Quite a strange question — but perhaps the human simply did not understand how gracionic cell repair functioned. “I must, to heal others.”
Just as the guard moved towards Charlie with the feeding spoon extended, she cried out in sudden pain. The guard froze. When it approached her with the spoon again she
“And besides,” Chuck continued, “Shurlion wants nothing to do with the project anymore. We offered supplies ages ago and that was all.”
One of the young Klingons suddenly sprung on Sam, cackling evilly, swinging its pickaxe. Sam stumbled the other direction, straight into the waiting hands of the other two Klingons. Sam’s phaser was knocked from his fingers and, just as he saw the flash of a pickaxe, two sharp blasts of light sent the assailant and one of his friends straight to the street, unconscious.
“Kevin, hurry!” Dean urged, helplessly watching Charlie wrap her arms around the Rosencian’s armored neck and kick fiercely at the tentacles waving about. Kevin scrambled across the floor, searching for something, and Dean winced as the guard slammed its back into the cave wall beside him, squashing Charlie against the wet rocks.
“No.” It was great news, but still: a week ago, Castiel had been raring to finger Dean’s hippocampus. “Why not?”
Castiel nodded, the ringing in his ears still tinny and distant, but distinct. “The Seal is nearby. Perhaps not in this very building, but with the evidence here,” he looked back to the tricorder, “you could easily find it even without my senses.”
Instead, Alastair smirked. “It is funny,” he said, his words slithering about as if he kept eels in his cheeks, “because you think you are heroes.”
“Yeah, but I haven’t gone down yet without a fight,” Dean insisted, positioning his elbow on the stone. “It’s not about brute force, Cas. It’s about endurance. Stamina.”
as an eight-year-old, so confident and capable and independent he could have gone off and helped establish a new Federation by now. A better one, probably. This one had its issues. Dean couldn’t afford to think about them.
It pawed the ground as it snarled at them, glistening gums pulled back to display all its terrible teeth. The hound's black nose sniffed the air, the huge nostrils flaring, and, apparently deciding they did not smell good, the dog narrowed its crimson eyes at the three officers.
He had found it in some planet’s mud a few years ago while Dad was teaching Dean how to hunt a Hellhound. Which you weren’t supposed to do to Hellhounds. You were supposed to just avoid provoking them — Sam had read that in the anthology Dean had given him — but apparently Dean and Dad had never read it because they were really interested in provoking a Hellhound. So Sam had wandered off to provoke the mud with his phaser instead, and he’d blasted up some rocks and found this thing buried there.
“Yeah, 'nice'. Whatever.” Dean thought maybe he could still go without these discussions for a while longer. Maybe it was a good thing Castiel was chained to him and not Sam. Dean’s shoulders relaxed. His “whatever” ended up more sincere than he had intended it to be.
Dean Winchester had only been wearing the thing for two weeks and already his gold tunic was in bloody shreds on the floor of a cave.
They were sitting at their usual table in the mess hall, beneath one of the rows of hanging potted plants nourished by the room’s scattered artificial sunlight panels. The friend group had spent months trying to align their rotation hours so they could all eat at the same time, and although Mick, Claire, and Charlie were still on the opposite shift, the group was otherwise now complete: Jo, Ketch, Garth, Kevin, Sam, and Dean.
Baby always smelled the same. It didn’t matter if she was in the garage, on the highway, or (God forbid) in a ditch, but she always smelled the same. Leather. Oil. Gasoline. Aftershave. Gunpowder. Beer. A whiff of monster guts. Cheeseburgers from lunches on the road. That weird woodsy smell that follows Castiel everywhere. Sam’s shampoo.
Dean rolls his eyes in the exact same way, “Right. Well, you know it wouldn’t kill you to stay with us for a while. We could get you a bit of training.”
before shouting for Sam to join them. Jack doesn’t need to be called, he comes stumbling immediately after Cas, drawn by the smell of food that fills the hallways.
“Yeah I don’t miss those douchebags.” Dean frowned and added: “So… the more time you’d spend away from Earth the more you would, like, forget how to feel?”
He steps closer. His fingertips are tingly with cold as he grabs the lapels of Castiel’s jacket and gently pulls him towards him. Castiel lets him. Lets Dean get so close that their lips touch. Dean kisses him slowly, sweetly. His lips are cold but soft and so close to him Dean can smell all the wonderful things he knew he smelled of. He pulls back to finally say: “I know I shouldn’t have shown up at the library today. I freaked you out, I didn’t mean to.”
He knows he sounds distressed and as he hardens his tone and raises his voice, possibly a little scary, but he is just out of options. This is it. He doesn’t know what he can possibly do if the guy actually kicks him out of there.
Dean catches himself smiling dumbly right when Sam passes by the door. He instinctively raises a hand towards Dean as a greeting, then does a double take when his eyes register Castiel. He makes a disbelieving face at Dean behind Cas’ back and Dean just shrugs in response. They share a smile as Sam walks away.
He tries to shoot him down gently and say, “Maybe your friend had me confused with someone else,” but the guy’s face falls and tells him Troy has recently passed on the job and this was his favourite story to tell, and he would always tell it, all proud and all.
Dean opens up the police scanner on Sam’s laptop and checks his texts. Most days there’s one from Jody who just wants to check in, like she’s patroling outside of their bunker. Today there’s one from Claire, replying to a text he sent her the night before.
“Cassie, what are you doing still here? I told you, you could leave early. You’re gonna be late for work.”
Dean doesn’t want to think about that, so he stays away. He puts himself in charge of all the things that need to run smoothly in the background to make sure the hunters don’t need anything. He fixes pipes in some bathrooms, air vents in some bedrooms, opens up some more rooms to accommodate researchers and nappers alike.
She looks at him with her eyebrows raised, as she expects him to apologize but Dean goes towards the door and cheekily says: “A five stars breakfast. Thank you.”
, unless it’s very early in the morning and she still has sleep fogging her eyes or late in the afternoon and she looks bored with her schoolbooks open on her lap.
It happens again and again. Eileen looks pointedly at Sam when Dean pops into the kitchen to say “Me and Cas are going out. Need anything?” or when they find them engaged in a serious conversation or sharing a drink. She looks at him whenever Dean calls Castiel “Sunshine” and whenever Castiel asks “Where’s Dean?” before he even gets both of his feet in the room.
He takes a few steps from the Roadhouse but when he turns back again, the pub seems miles away and then there’s the Impala right beside him.
Cas stopped with the trash bag dangling from his fingers and looked at him, suddenly unsure. “I assumed it would be fine for me to leave it with you and Sam.”
Castiel seems to lose the last bit of tension he had left and exchanges it for a spark of annoyance and a challenging tone. “Well, I
“Alright, listen,” he starts, gruffly, avoiding eye contact. He keeps his voice low, so as not to be heard from the other room. “I know it wasn’t really up to you, but I still - I guess I wanted to say thank you for bringing my boy back in one piece.”
“Starfleet Command will adjust accordingly,” Uriel said. “The matter is rather urgent and should be of little inconvenience to your current mission.”
with how they thought he should be coping with things. Sam prompting Ellen to assign Castiel as his handler was a direct testament to that.
Castiel held up the tricorder in confirmation. “Lieutenant Commander Winchester is telling the truth,” he reported. “He’s plotted all the traps around this area of the building. And these gracion readings — he's found strong evidence of the Seal."
Even though the Seraphim were founding members of the Federation, only two had ever joined Starfleet, because they were such a logical, advanced, superior race they’d had no desire to meddle with the mishaps of man. The Seraphim were practicing warp travel for centuries before humans even began sticking their cockpits into other planets’ business. For nearly unhinged religious zealots with centuries-long lifespans who’d formed an entirely militaristic society on their native Elysium, they
Of all the ordeals they’d undergone today, Sam reflected, it seemed rather fitting he was to blame for Dean getting sick. As soon as the Sick Bay doors had opened, Bobby asked
“I think he found it,” Sam called back. There were a few crashing steps and a rustle of leaves, and then the beanstalk boy burst into Dean and Castiel’s little clearing. He smiled tiredly at the two of them and pointed into the distance. “I think he’s over here. We lost each other in a minor bug swarm.”
“Hey, hey, hey, don’t cry, I just — I’m just teasing you, man,” Dean said affectionately. “Look, I’ll, uh… I’ll teach you the ‘f’ word. Dad will never know.”
Pinch. Time probably passes. The Face’s fingers roam about while the needle gets to work. And when it does work, it’s something new this time, some drug that spins the room around him until it blurs like a Bussard ramscoop. He has no idea what a “Bussard ramscoop” is, but the word pops into his head, and he clings to it, even though it’s probably utter nonsense, because he’s spinning so fast and there’s nothing else to hold onto and clear thoughts come so infrequently now that when you think them you just have to
A total nut-job, really — obsessed with reviving our oldest religion, slaying all weaker races, bringing about the domination of Klingon rule across the galaxy… Can’t say I was ever a fan.”
Ketch pinched the bridge of his nose. “See? This. Right there. That’s why you’re off the bloody squad. You don’t trust me, Dean. And you’re so bloody dense you think every compliment you’re given is backhanded. You outrank me now, idiot. We don’t have to fight over command anymore.”
“Misusing the Seals alone would be enough to terrorize millions,” Ellen said, her brow furrowing. “Why are they intent on Genesis?”
You made an excellent team with Captain Ellen Harvelle and did not face much difficulty assimilating yourself into the
Dean squinted into the storage compartment. The only thing inside was a 20-inch tall ceramic box covered in scribbly engravings.
“Then I shall respect your culture by sparing you the details,” Crowley responded. “Basically — and this is open to any kind of interpretation — it depicts the end of the known world and birth of a better one. It culminates in a battle between the galaxy’s most powerful armies. It involves the religious figures Michael and Lucifer. Fill in the blanks to your own heart’s content, but Lilith has decided Genesis is somehow involved in this.”
But Ellen beat Dean to the finish, dismissing Ketch to get back to his shiply duties, and the security officer left with a ridiculously infuriating wink. In his self-righteous wake, Dean noticed Sam, hovering by the door, watching him with a twisted expression, his fingers fidgeting at his sides.
Castiel knew well over a hundred, but unfortunately, that of unspoken human “looks” was not one of them. Although, according to Dean, Castiel
“The replicator machines must hate you, man,” Kevin shook his head. “Anyway. Captain Harvelle requests your presence.”
Mister Winchester was held captive in a dark room. He was routinely tortured to the brink of death and healed afterwards in a repetitive cycle. His captors utilized an unidentified hallucinogenic drug to further disorient him and prolong his ability to remain awake during the torture. While there were many torturers present, he only remembers one Klingon face clearly. The face does not match any face in any databank; it is possible he is misremembering said face.
“I can heal that,” Castiel said as Dean steadied himself, and it took Dean a moment to register that the science officer was referring to the giant gash across his bare pecs. Dean yanked his hand from the Seraph’s and waved him off.
The captain walked Castiel closer to the biobed he had spent the last twenty days hunched over. The officers around it quieted down from their teary laughter, watching Castiel with an uncomfortably aggressive vulnerability. Dean turned his head at Castiel’s approach, his eyelids a little droopy with pain medication. His gaze met Castiel’s.
Dean looked down, properly flustered, and Castiel was satisfied. The helmsman followed him to sickbay wordlessly. He did not bother to touch him again; building trust was just going to have to wait. And although his headache and the itchy buzzing beneath his skin had subsided a bit, Castiel was still concerned with how much longer he could remain civil.
“I understand the consequences,” Castiel said. “But the Great Father will steer me from corruption. I have faith.”
Dean did a quick tally in his head and realized that this was indeed the fifth mission on which he and Charlie had ended up in this scenario during their three years of service together aboard the
“Okay, fair enough,” Dean shrugged, taking a swig, and studied the calm expression on Castiel’s face. He turned away to head to his room, knowing the angel would still be trailing him. “I’ve been dreaming about being in high school again.”
Sam whipped around, searching through the turmoil. The Hellhound… where had it come from? And where was—
Dean scowled at Bobby. Then he scowled at Kevin, who was leaving sick bay with a fresh gold tunic and an altogether impish smirk plastered across his freshly unmarred complexion. Then he scowled at Jody, who was observing his behavior disapprovingly from the corner of the room while writing something down in her logbook. And then he scowled Castiel, who was just standing there looking dead inside.
“Lesser is not meant to insult,” Castiel all but groaned. He set his jaw and continued, gazing through the middle distance like he had when addressing Zachariah. “We have a proverb of our Father’s oldest two creations, the brothers Michael and Lucifer. They were meant to safeguard the universe together with us, the Host, under their command. But Lucifer — he allowed emotions to corrupt him. He wanted to destroy, to stoke chaos and hatred, whereas Michael believed in enforcing peace through logic. Because of this, Lucifer was banished, and the grace of Michael has led us in our Great Father’s absence ever since.”
Castiel moved his hand. A brief glow shone between the flesh of Castiel’s palm and Sam’s leg and — it was miraculous, but Dean couldn’t stomach it. Instead, he watched a look of pain contort the Seraph’s features and a wave of relief wash over Sam’s.
The next thing Dean knows, he’s transported two months into the future, and a new guy is staring at him like a slab of meat, and Sammy is safe, and there is no Rufus Turner to hug.
And the brothers sat on the bed and enjoyed each other’s company. And Dad drank at the helm. And the stars flew past beyond the
“Give me a moment,” she said, her voice soft. She shut her eyes and took a deep breath, then looked up at Winchester. She held his gaze and smiled. Then she stared down at the logbook and cleared her throat.
Jo was already stomping down off the beaming pad. “What,” she demanded, folding her arms in an adorable mirror image and glaring somewhere in the vicinity of her mother’s head. “Sir.”
At this point, the Seraphim culture was so absolutely creepy, it was comedic. Dean would have laughed if Castiel didn’t look so disturbed. And if Dean wasn’t
“Yes. Don’t you have something better to do than watch me eat?” Dean retorted. Castiel cocked his head and Dean sighed. “Don’t answer that.”
“Her name was Mary,” Dad muttered. Dean looked back up at him. Mary was Momma’s other name, the one that Dad called her. And Starfleet — whatever it was, Momma stuck it in all her bedtime stories.
Before Dean knew it, he was smiling again. “You’re getting funny, man. That’s dangerous. Think I’m rubbing off on you.”
Castiel followed the helmsman out, only pausing briefly to ensure the man was heading in the direction of his quarters, before spinning on his heel and marching back towards the transporter room. Although his headache almost immediately cleared once he was alone, his thoughts scrambling back into their chilled, contained compartments, Castiel found himself now plagued with another ailment: a ringing in his ears and a whitening of his vision. The Seal was either nearby or in immediate danger.
“Greetings, all.” He was met with stunned silence, and, seemingly pleased, he nodded towards the science officer. “Castiel. You’re looking dapper in powder blue. And I assume you’ve already introduced us.”
“Blue diamonds,” she said. “Very rare, only found in three places in the world. I thought this one in particular might catch your eye…”
“Very good. We should probably stop for tonight, I got you too worked up.” He hesitated. “Unless you need more?”
“Count down from one hundred and don’t mess up or I’ll make you start again,” he ordered, jerking Dean’s twitching cock in a loose fist as he spoke. “And then I’ll punish you for keeping me from fucking you the way you need it.”
Bread is a lot harder than I thought. You’d think because I’m really good in one area of baking, other types of baking would come easy. I never had this much trouble with cookies or when I had an occasion to try cake. I do make at least one cake a year for my brother’s birthday. I think he asks me for one rather than order from another bakery because he enjoys torturing me. And because of my ego I can’t say no.
“Hey, Novak,” said the student he’d just been sparring with, as Castiel removed the fencing mask he’d been wearing during his bout. His sweaty hair curled around his ears and the back of his neck and,
The two servers returned then with laden drink trays. As glasses were passed around, Cas put his hand on Dean’s shoulder, his thumb rubbing against the hidden mating bite. It said without words that he appreciated Dean giving this watered-down version of the story, even though he would have been okay with explaining himself - that it was no less than he deserved for what he’d done that night. But it was beyond unnecessary. There was no reason to torment Cas by making him answer for something that would have cast their relationship in a different light for their families, even something so far in the past. Let them hear the Disney version. The real story could be just for them.
“No, I’m fine,” said Dean, quickly. “Some soreness is expected. Besides, I kind of like it.” He smiled and gave his rump a little wiggle. “It’s like a reminder of what we did. It’s sexy.” Rubbing Castiel’s back again, he asked, “How are you feeling?”
Rolling them over, he put Cas on his back and began driving into him. It was definitely a lot harder than thrusting up had been, having to prop himself on his hands to do it, but Dean loved every moment. The rhythmic slap of their bodies coming together was like music, in harmony with the sounds punched out of their lungs. It took so much effort, it felt like he was cherishing Cas with his whole body, with everything he had.
Cas shook his head good-naturedly at the mention of Dean’s cowboy fetish. “I guess it’s still a little surprising to hear this coming from you, even after all this time,” he said, coming to join Dean on the sofa, resting his arm on the back cushion. “You’d only ever dressed in alpha-style clothes until we got serious.”
“You’re welcome, sweet boy. Thank you for wanting to protect me, too. Those three guys didn’t even mention me by name, yet you were ready to tear them apart.” Off Dean’s surprised look, he elaborated, “I spoke to one of them the next day, they told me what they’d been discussing right before you attacked them. I don’t want you to do that, of course, but I have to admit, I’d want to do the same to anyone who disrespected you.”
“I don’t intend to go back to the bakery today,” said Cas. “There’s no point. And I have tomorrow off, so I’ll deal with the consequences of… everything… on Monday.”
He looked up to see his alpha smiling and relief gave his stomach wings. “You don’t think I’m a terrible person?”
I want to be the one to catch you. But the guilt I would feel over separating you from your family would eat me alive. You might say you wouldn’t mind, but are you sure you wouldn’t grow to resent me for it eventually? I wish I’d thought more about it before we’d agreed to meet, then maybe I wouldn’t have hurt you to begin with. I was just so ecstatic over how you make me feel and all this happened so fast, I was only thinking of myself and the possibilities between us, I didn’t think about the larger picture until I was standing outside the café. I regret being so short-sighted and ended up hurting you as a result.
Dean would have balked at the ‘pretty’ comment if something very important wasn’t suddenly, alarmingly occurring to him. “Why do you have all that recorded?” he asked, suspicious.
He considered it, but then thought of Bast—still down there, still trying his hardest to save the unknowing world from what went bump in the night. Bast, who refused to give up, who kept getting up, again and again, no matter how many times he got knocked down, who kept love in his heart despite the fear of being unworthy of it in return, who put one foot in front of the other despite all of his losses and kept trying to be the good in the world. The most amazing, most radiant human soul he’d ever met.
“Well, some bakeries take it personally, you know,” Dean said, leaning in conspiratorially. “They call it spying.”
“Alright, then,” said the priest, though he was starting to sound less sure. “As for your problem, I think if you’re a warm and welcoming person to this Cas, then they should take your interest in them seriously. From there, you can have a discussion about what you’re looking for as far as a relationship. Just be honest.”
Rami lifted a hand toward Bast’s shoulder but hesitated. If he exorcised him now, they wouldn’t have the advantage they so needed when they reached the border of Hell. He had to encourage Bast to come out of it on his own. Tenderly, he placed his hand on Bast’s neck and spoke softly next to his ear, “Please, Bast… Come back to me.”
Castiel gave him a Look, but they did end up watching it. Dean was easily the best part of the movie, even at that young age. After his character got killed off, they ended up making out on the sofa for the rest of it.
holiday season. He’s really looking forward to meeting the rest of the Novaks, too, I think because he wants to take things to the next level with Gabriel.”
So sharp, in fact, that Dean blinked up in bewilderment. It was what Cas had called him at the beginning of their acquaintance, just as he’d called him ‘Novak,’ but he was using a completely different tone. The alpha put a hand on his hip and with the other, removed a pair of glasses from his blazer pocket, settling them on his nose. They gave him a distinctly different look, stricter and more academic.
“Daughter of the chairman of the parent conglomerate. She’s been covering the international branch but she’s come back now so the chairman cleared a job for her.”
“Oh,” said Cas, sounding surprised. When Dean opened his mouth, the demon tilted his face upward with a hand beneath his chin. “Just look at you,” he said, taking in Dean’s hazy expression. “You look like you need it bad.” He leaned back on his arms, grinning. “Go for it then.”
The central ballroom between the two clubs was referred to as Purgatory, where guests from either area could mingle together. In addition to the bar, there was a stage for the live musical acts that had been scheduled for the evening and a huge net had been suspended over the dance floor, full of black, white, and silver balloons echoing the Purgatory color scheme for the midnight countdown.
. “It’s awesome,” Sam said, a little choked up. “Thank you.” Setting the case aside, he picked up a tall bag that featured Santa climbing down a chimney and handed it to Cas. “I, uh, obviously didn’t know what I should get you, so I figured this would be a safe choice.”
He pulled out a circular piece of stiff, black fabric with a shiny blue rectangular buckle. When he pressed Dean’s thumb onto the buckle, it beeped and came apart, allowing Cas to fasten the fabric snugly around Dean’s neck where it draped down to cover his upper shoulder area. It locked securely behind his head and Cas breathed a sigh of relief, at last beginning to get out of his own pants and underwear as fast as he could.
He rocked the alpha in his embrace, stroking his hair. “The things we’ve done are ours and no one else’s. There is nothing you can do that would make me love you less.”
Cas was silent the whole way to the car where he handed Dean the keys and got in on the passenger side. He still wouldn’t even look his way. Dean didn’t want to press him, knowing he had to be feeling awful, but at the same time, he needed to give Cas his support.
All Dean could do was wrap Castiel in a big hug. “I know you’re scared,” he said, holding him tight. “But also, think about what this could mean for your other brothers and sisters. I’m sure some of them are plenty happy with their lives, but if there are others like you or like Gabe, then this might give them the courage they need to live honestly, too. They’ll know they have a support system waiting for them on the other side.”
Dean flushed, the tips of his ears turning pink. “Can you blame me, man? He’s freaking amazing. He makes me forget everything… like we’re the only two people who exist.”
Sighing, he leaned his elbows on his thighs and rested his forehead on his clasped hands. What was he going to do? He sat there until it got dark, thinking, turning the problem over in his head. His phone had been buzzing periodically and he knew it was Cas, but he’d ignored it since he didn’t have an answer yet. Well, he had
Cas attempted a gentle thrust, making them both cry out. On the next, Dean lifted up to meet him and Castiel’s cock brushed his prostate, making him clench. Rivulets of sensation chased each other up and down Dean’s spine on every slow, measured thrust. Their rhythm wasn’t perfect, but they could work on that later. There was just nothing like the feeling of being taken, of being totally and utterly open and vulnerable in the basest of ways. That perfect feeling of just
Dean’s lips parted. That hadn’t occurred to him, but then, he hadn’t exactly been thinking very clearly for the past several days. Even so, Cas had obviously been mulling this over a lot. And he was right. If he had been mated to Cas, the pheromones would have turned him off, his body would have rejected them.
With that, he picked up a surprisingly large bag waiting near the door and left while Dean stood there in the center of the room, dumbfounded by what had just happened.
“Oh?” Crowley crowded him, one unyielding hand pressing him against the wall, the other reaching around Dean’s side to his back. “Let’s try it again to see how you really react.”
He went inside, not bothering to say goodbye to the vulture. First Crowley, now this Bela chick. He really had to be pathetic to garner all this sympathy from the devils.
When he got to set, he sat there like a zombie, staring into space and turning the situation over and over in his head. Zeddmore had to call his name twice to get his attention.
house. At a glance, it boasted eight bedrooms, plus basement and attic space that could be converted. And the sale status said ‘pending.’ Dean’s mouth dropped open. “What is this?”
“I got permission for us to be here.” He started turning on some lights, revealing the set to be a classroom with desks and chairs and a whiteboard on the wall behind the teacher’s desk. Dean didn’t see any cameras set up, though.
They were keeping the fact that they were mated under wraps for the time being by wearing shirts that hid the bite marks. It was too good of a secret to spill already and scent blockers kept their mingled scent hidden. Sam and John knew, but the information wouldn’t be public knowledge until later on in the new year, after
At least, that was what he thought for the first week of shooting as they worked on the premiere episode. Castiel would always come running whenever Dean showed up to set and would take any excuse he could find to spend time together. But the following week as they began work on episode two, the alpha started keeping his distance. While he was always polite, his over-exuberant attitude was all but gone.
Cas thrust more forcefully, nailing the omega’s prostate, giving an answering purr when Dean gasped and cried out, a second orgasm glimmering on the horizon. When the knot began to swell and catch on his rim, Dean stretched out his neck, baring the white scar of his alpha’s earlier bite, but he kept his eyes open, wanting his daddy to see the love and trust in his gaze. He watched while Cas panted, open-mouthed, and his gums receded slightly, making his incisors look bigger. His red eyes flared hot, but Dean wasn’t afraid. He would never fear his daddy.
“I want you to kneel now, beloved,” Cas said softly in his ear. “Can you do that for me and be my good boy while I pay the check?”
“Oh, fuck, my bad.” He gestured at the walls. “Look at that, no lightning strikes. Guess they’re just words.”
He didn’t want to, but felt it was likely Crowley might try to start something with the female crew members. Since Dean knew his game, he could put a stop to any of that if an attempt was made.
It would be revealed later that Rubicante had guided Bast to his father to incite his need for revenge on Hell for what had happened to Jed. It would all lead up to him killing Lilith as the final seal on Lucifer’s cage. As holders of the covenant, Jed had broken the first seal and Bast would break the last, by killing the first demon. It was about symmetry, or so the writers said.
“You did,” said Dean. “I believed I could handle it, but it sneaks up on you real quick.” He smiled up at his mate. “Cas drove us to his place when I was too plastered to walk properly.”
The car was left with the valet in front of the massive hotel and Dean entered on Castiel’s arm, accepting his help in removing his coat once they were inside. The lobby was beautiful, with white marble floors and tall columns wrapped in wide gold ribbon leading the way to a large open area that featured a huge Christmas tree in the center. It glimmered with hundreds of white lights and gold glass balls, as well as old fashioned wooden ornaments and a garland of red poinsettias. A pianist near the wide fireplace at the far end was playing carols.
“He finally gets it,” said Naomi with an air of triumph. “I’m glad to see your obedience come back to you so quickly. Let’s see… what do I want? Would you even be able to give me what I want? If you’re currently…
“I know that,” said Cas, keeping his focus on the producer. “I won’t do the show without Dean. It’s dead in the water without him. If he goes, I go.”
“I never took a human vessel for Jedediah. It was never necessary; we always spoke through dreams. The only other time it happened was when I appeared to Samuel in order to inspire him to create the gun you now hold.” Castiel glanced down at himself as if just noticing what he looked like. “The body was different then.”
Maybe it was because AC had shared something so personal that Dean felt alright sharing about his mother’s death. He’d been easy to talk to from the beginning, despite his somewhat stilted speech patterns. Dean went to bed that night hoping he hadn’t overshared. They were still strangers, after all.
At length, a haloed server returned to the room and whispered something to Michael, who checked his watch and held up a hand for attention. “It’s about a half-hour to midnight and we’ll be expected to make an appearance. Would you care to join us in the central ballroom for the countdown?”
“Beloved, I can tell you need to suckle,” he said, pushing his chair back a little. “Let’s refocus you.”
“I’ll hold you to that. I’m looking forward to trying anything else you make. Seriously, you have a gift.”
“I can tell you the whole story later,” he said, edging back toward the party. “I need you to come with me, daddy’s in a fight with Michael and Lucifer in the kitchen, it’s serious!”
“Can someone hand me my pants, please?” said Rami, struggling to sit up in the bed. “I’d really like to be having this conversation fully clothed.”
“Even so, becoming a parent at such a young age? That’s amazing. Sad, too. It’s more than should ever be asked of any pup. You gave up your puphood for your brother. That’s probably why he wanted you to have this experience and go to college.” He paused. “Was the garage owner an alpha, too?”
Anna giggled. “Poor Gabriel. He’s certainly paying the price for not keeping his mouth shut.” She picked up another muffin. “How are you coping, being back at work?”
“I had a really good time,” said Cas. “In fact, I can’t remember the last time I had so much fun in the kitchen.”
Gritting his teeth, Dean awkwardly snaked an arm between them and down through his spread legs. “Condom,” he demanded, presenting his index finger to start. Castiel obliged, ripping one open and putting it over the finger. Dean fumbled a bit, pressing at the tight hole, grimacing. Because he couldn’t hold himself up with both hands anymore, he had to rest his face on Castiel’s hip, his nose practically touching his cock, the trimmed wiry hairs there tickling him.
Dean squirmed in his seat, biting his lip before he took another drink. His jeans were beginning to get uncomfortably tight and he really wanted to get out of them.
With effort, Dean blinked his hazy eyes, gazing up adoringly. Cas ran his hands through Dean’s hair, smoothing it back since he’d ruffled it in his fists, making him moan his pleasure at the sensation against his scalp. He couldn’t smile, but his face had a happy, pink flush. He just loved pleasing his daddy. His gaze didn’t flicker when Sam came around the table, he was completely focused on Cas.
long for him to realize it. From the way Castiel was looking at him, like he was the one who had hung the stars overhead, he’d possibly figured this out for himself a while ago and had been waiting for Dean to catch up and let go of his fear.
This had to be some kind of trick. He tried taking inventory of his body, but he was feeling pretty universally lousy, it was impossible to tell what had happened.
exciting, since physical punishment was back on the table until he was pregnant again. Oh, he hadn’t been spanked in almost a year… but he still couldn’t bring himself to say it.
He nodded, at a loss for what to say when he really didn’t want to leave in the first place, didn’t want to leave this man ever again, but he smiled and said “See ya around” and made himself walk out of the café.
The knight’s stomach clenched involuntarily, hearing the prince use his given name for the first time. Swallowing thickly, he asked, “That a promise?”
“Who-who-who are you?” he stuttered, trying to struggle but unable to move this guy even a little. He didn’t even wobble. “How did you get in here?”
“Well, if you’re instructing me, then it’s natural for you to take the lead, whether it’s in pie-making or in bed, like today.”
said it. Combined with the demon fucking him into oblivion, Dean’s muscles locked tight as he came for a third time and his hands tightened on Cas’ wings, triggering the demon’s final orgasm inside him.
“Yes, you did, and I will always give you what you need.” Cupping his face, Cas turned Dean’s head enough to place a sweet kiss to his lips. “Why are you still crying, beloved? Your punishment is over now. You took it so well and made me so proud. But it’s done. What’s wrong?”
“I know I made way too many excuses for him when we were growing up,” Dean admitted. “But I knew it wasn’t right, that what he did wasn’t right. You were just so young. I didn’t want you to hate your own father.”
“Oh, nothing,” said Dean, grinning. “I was just hoping my cinematographer was getting some good footage.”
The finger slipped inside and Dean’s back arched away from the bed. It was only up to his first knuckle, but it felt like so much more since he’d only ever used it as an exit. He began to shake, but then Cas swallowed him down all the way to the root and it felt so damn amazing, he couldn’t remember what he’d been about to say, what he had been doing. His head was swimming in mud, preventing all thought beyond
“I need to contact him. But I’m not even sure what to say. It doesn’t feel right to apologize, but that’s the only thing that comes to mind when I try to remember my behavior.” He groaned. “It was so embarrassing.”
“Key lime cheesecake,” said Castiel. “But yes… it tastes more like a key lime pie with a sort of cream cheese texture. How well do you think it does in fighting the pepper versus the lemon yesterday?”
“I could jam the signal. Right now, you’re like an open faucet, leaking life energy everywhere and even people who can’t sense it will be attracted to it on a more subconscious level. All you have to do is hide it.”
The alpha shifted his weight, biting his full lower lip as if considering his next words carefully. When he released it, his lip glistened in the light, temptingly shining a deep pink. “Mr Winchester, please let me know if this is crossing a line…”
Already tingling in excitement, he stretched out his legs, sinking down into the cool water. He’d noticed that Cas had specified oral payback, in deference to his soreness. So considerate, even in rut. Though he wouldn’t go so far as to want to thank the sick individual who had caused the situation, this was still by far the best heat he’d ever gone through.
Castiel nodded, his gaze shining with sincerity. “Even though it was the first time I’d laid eyes on you, I had this certain feeling of… nostalgia, as odd as that sounds. You just drew me right in.” He squeezed Dean’s bicep. “Your build. Those beautiful green eyes that looked like they could pierce right through me. You made my heart go crazy.”
Pulling the pillow over his head, he let the tears come. He would deal with his messy clothes in a bit. For now, he just needed to wallow.
Pulling himself together, Bast awkwardly patted their son’s shoulder. “Sorry, Az,” he said, totally ready to admit his faults and
He couldn’t wait for Cas to see him in the gorgeous white gown he’d chosen. The crystals and beads that encrusted the bust sparkled when they hit the light. He’d been given the privilege of choosing his own underwear for the occasion and since the long trailing chiffon skirt parted in the center, he’d picked the pale blue pearl-string panties he’d worn for their courtship ceremony. As he walked, anyone looking could catch a tantalizing glimpse. They were the ‘something old’ and ‘something blue,’ with his gown being ‘something new,’ and the two rings he was wearing being borrowed from Gabriel. Dean also had matching white slingback heels with more crystals decorating the front. Notably, he wasn’t wearing the gold plug he normally did for special occasions, it was waiting for him near the center dais in the hall for after the ceremony. It always felt strange to be without one now.
“You definitely don’t, but I accept your apology. You just can’t do this anymore. What if that tabloid had seen you doing this at a bar somewhere? If they catch you a second time, I don’t think we can save you from Webb again.”
“Let me go,” Dean improvised, struggling, but unable to get away from him any more than he’d been able the previous night. His face began to heat up, remembering how easily Castiel had manhandled him, their position so similar to when he’d taken Dean up against the bathroom wall. His breath quickened with his heartbeat.
be gay,” said Gabe, leaning an arm on the island next to Dean. “That would be like winning the statistical lottery.” He turned, matching Dean’s posture. “But yeah. Maybe they’ll figure out that they don’t have to go through life doing only what they’re told. I told Castiel, ‘Welcome to Team Free Will.’ And I hugged him. And I said that no matter what happens, I’d always be there for him. At least, he’ll have that. And a friend like you.”
The demon paid him back for the sass by thrusting harder and making Dean cry out louder, clutching Cas’ shoulders and digging in his fingernails. “Dean,” he said, Cas’ voice full of longing. “Please.”
It was part of his possessiveness, wanting to see his proof of… not ownership, but… belonging. Neither one
They had no choice but to leave Dean on the floor of his trailer. He could dimly hear what they were saying outside underneath the buzzing in his ears.
That nearly made his legs buckle. Green eyes went wide. “Really?” He blinked a few times, unable to help feeling a bit stunned. “But… well… I mean, of course, if you want to—”
Sitting down on the edge of the bed, Dean took the peas away and replaced it with the satchel of ice, setting it on top of Castiel’s head so he could see if he wanted to.
Castiel smiled, tears overflowing. “Dean!” he said, like it meant everything to him, that just saying his name was such a pleasure.
Castiel reached for Dean’s hand and rested it on his chest, letting him feel his own racing heartbeat. “We’re the same.”
Castiel immediately cut the cottage loaf in half and breathed deeply, exhaling on a sigh. “It’s the one he made this morning,” he said. “There’s nothing like the smell of fresh baked goods.”
“Cut!” called Spangler. “Great work, you two!” Addressing the room at large, he said, “We’ll be moving to the outdoor location next, so make sure you’re on the bus by seven, please! And eat first!”
Burying his face against Dean’s neck, Cas kissed his damp skin and scented him. “I was hoping you would say that. Because I don’t think I can let you go now.”
“You—you’re joking, right?” he asked, weakly, not even believing it as he said it. No one could fake that scent.
“Cas, you gotta know,” said Dean, his hands clenching in Castiel’s shirt. “I didn’t let him… I never would—”
That was woefully vague but at the same time, all he could really describe without being too graphic. He squirmed, remembering the dream even now, his breath coming faster as he recalled the body pressed up against him, the wandering hands, the warm, soft lips, and the voice in his ear that sounded far too much like Dean’s own voice, just because he didn’t know what AC sounded like. That was the only part of the dream that had left him unsatisfied.
Dean had gotten Cas a few things to open, but admitted sadly, “With the early birth and how busy we’ve been since, I didn’t have time to go out and get you something really thoughtful. I’m sorry, daddy.”
Looking at the tree and thinking about all the years they had to come, a tiny kernel of an idea came to him. Dean did a little searching on the internet and found he should have just enough time to set things up. Smiling, he jumped up and grabbed his keys.
“Cute,” said Lucifer, “an omega who thinks he can tell an alpha what to do.” He moved closer to Dean. “Was it you who allowed my mate to sit in a chair?”
Dean shook his hand and held his gaze, trying to decide if he was being sincere or if he was making fun of him like so many other alphas would. He couldn’t smell anything coming from him, everyone in the room was wearing blockers per industry standard, but he could just
Wrapping an arm around Dean’s torso, Cas pulled him up, arching his back until he could kiss and gently bite around his neck. “Who do you belong to, omega?” he asked, his voice a harsh rasp.
“Oh.” Dean had heard of this but it was considered very rare. Most alphas were put off by other alphas, their clashing scents would make them aggressive. “Why?”
That snapped Rami out of his stupor. “Hold on,” he said, stepping forward and slightly angling his body in front of Azrael, radiating protective omega. “You can’t just put this responsibility on our son and take off!”
An extra knot tied itself in Dean’s stomach. “How do you think he kisses? Dry, or what? How nimble would you prefer his tongue to be?”
Good morning. Yes, I am coming to our meeting today. If I hadn’t been so exhausted, I think I might not have slept either. I woke very early today, as this message will attest. I am still in bed as I type this. And considering making another pie. I think ‘what’s one more at this point?’ I won’t reveal how many pies I made this week. You might wonder for my sanity.
“The laptop with the original files has been destroyed,” said Chuck. “I can give you the pieces if you need proof, but I made sure it was taken care of. As for Naomi…” He sighed. “She won’t contact you again. I sent her back overseas… not to work for me, though, you don’t have to worry about anyone else suffering because of her exile.”
He got up close to the shiny brewing vat in front of him and tried to check his appearance, but the metal didn’t make for a good mirror and left him looking deformed. Damn… He hoped there was nothing to worry about, like food in his teeth or crustiness in the corners of his green eyes, and that his light brown hair was just the right amount of tousled, leaning more toward ‘I woke up like this’ and less like ‘I use a lot of product.’ Then he reached into the pocket of his apron for the breath mint he always kept there, on the chance that his favorite patron would stop by.
He pounded into him harder and faster, making Dean cry out loud and long, his voice bouncing on every thrust. This man was an utter sex-god! He’d certainly never expected something like
“Mr Novak, then,” said Dean, silently resolving to keep back most of his sassy nature in the interest of keeping things rolling smoothly. “It’s good to finally meet you.”
“If you say ‘cute,’ I swear—” A hand creeping up under his shirt and tweaking his nipple cut off that stream of thought on a gasp as Castiel continued lavishing his neck with little licks and kisses.
“I used to be,” he said, gesturing up toward his horns, which did look a bit like they used to be a complete circle and were now broken into two. “Now I’m ‘or something.’”
“I’m glad you like it,” he said, his heart starting to pound in his throat. “Because there’s something I’d like to ask you and tonight seemed like a good time.”
He tilted his head to the side like a curious bird. “That’s interesting. Then I’m guessing it’s stress that’s leading you to act out. Have you tried talk-therapy or meditation?”
care. And it made me feel alive in a way I never had. Caring for you changed me in the deepest of ways. Because of you, for the first time, I
Adam had also found work he was passionate about, though it didn’t allow him much free time, he was okay with that because he felt he was making a difference – as a detective in the special victims unit of the local police force. He was the only omega on the team, but he’d proved himself with flying colors to earn his place. He could see himself reflected in the victims of sexual abuse, and working to avenge them and give them justice always felt like a personal victory as well.
“I’m going to ask you one more time,” said Castiel. He pulled on the key and Dean trembled but held on. “Did you really come here to return this?”
“That was years ago! I knew there was something going on between you two behind my back,” he said, but Dean didn’t really mind.
“I guess you did,” said Bela, who shrugged. “Well then, I can stop tailing you guys all the time. And you don’t have to do anything for me; I already got the picture I needed. Not to put too fine a point on it, the number one sexiest guy sells better than number two. Nothing personal. But you should be happy about this. It would have
“No. I don’t have the ability to feel much of anything except pleasure when I’m like that. Besides,” he squeezed the alpha’s hands, “you were there. I knew I was safe.”
“It’s from a place pretty close to Stanford and they give discounts to the students. California wines are supposed to be pretty good.” He shrugged. “Hopefully, by next year I’ll know you well enough to pick a more personal gift.”
He had to suck hard to get the liquid to come through, but his expression brightened once it did. It was a thick strawberry malted milkshake, the kind made individually at old fashioned diners with scooped ice cream and a hand-mixing machine, rather than in big batches from a powder. It was damn good.
“I should drive you to your car,” he said, putting his hands on the wheel, but he didn’t move to turn the ignition. “You need time to make your pie.”
It took two more days for them to fully recover. They continued to text Sam in-between bouts when they were most lucid and Dean’s brilliant little brother had kept them updated on the investigation and ensured they had regular food deliveries as well so they didn’t have to live off just pizza.
Cas reached between them and stroked Dean’s cock, swiping his thumb through the moisture beading at the tip. “That’s it,” he rumbled as the omega tightened around him. “Come for me, Dean. I want to feel it. I missed making you come so much—”
Leaning in, Castiel ran his nose along Dean’s wrist, then surged to his feet, jerking the omega into his arms and holding him tight. “Mate,” he growled, using his body to shield Dean from the spectators as if afraid they were a threat.
Nothing. It was nothing. It had just... been a while since he’d last been on a date, he was sure. And he’d been too tired to masturbate lately. That had to be it.
“Yeah,” said Dean, looking a little to the left since looking directly at the alpha’s beautiful face was starting to bring the unwanted tears to his eyes. “I don’t want to make things difficult. So, I’m not gonna cling to you and say things like ‘I just wanted to see you one last time’ or ‘Let’s have one more round in the sack.’ I… respect your decision.”
This time he pulled it out the rest of the way, leaning over to set it on the side table. Dean’s face went red as he could feel come and slick leaking out of him, streaking his thighs. It was so whorish. And the wet, filthy sound that Castiel’s fingers made as they slid inside was even worse. But the alpha only smiled and Dean had done that, he’d pleased his daddy, and that made it wonderful.
Dean stopped him by tightening his arms and drawing the alpha back down. “It’s fine, I’m not delicate,” he reminded Cas. “It’s kind of nice, you being my blanket. Besides, it would take some creative rearranging to move me on top and I’d rather not risk exposing my bare ass to the cold right now.”
He chuckled down at the peaches. “Pieman said something similar once, about how pies are more complex than cake.”
get his certificate, a history of violence could keep him from ever working with pups because no accredited place would take him.
Tossing his phone down on the counter, Dean put his head in his hands, raking his fingers back into his short light brown hair and pulling on it in frustration, uncaring that he was probably leaving streaks of flour behind. He was desperate. He’d just thrown his third failed attempt at a simple cottage loaf in the trash and he was at a loss. He’d measured the ingredients twice to make sure they were right and still – his bread would not rise. Wasting so much flour didn’t sit well with him, but the results were completely inedible. He didn’t want to give up. What could possibly be wrong?
“Look at it this way,” said Gabe, gesturing with his fork like he was conducting an orchestra. “Now you won’t have to tell the rest of the family one person at a time. They’ll all know before tomorrow! You’re welcome.” He looked at Dean excitedly. “We need to start planning the pup shower!”
“Your loss, Winchester,” said Crowley, backing up with his hands up in a mocking gesture. “Are you still coming along?”
His face flushed and Dean sank back further into the shadows, deciding he should leave before he was spotted. Pausing outside the gym, he looked up at the fluffy clouds crossing the bright Kansas sky. He missed being part of a team, but although the other three guys had been at fault, the one who had escalated things was Dean. And that was why he couldn’t go back to baseball. He didn’t want to cause trouble for other people anymore.
Dean’s heart pounded hard against his chest. “Really?” But he knew. Maybe he’d known since the first time Cas had called him ‘my beloved.’
“Of course,” said Cas. “You have to look the part. A good suit will make anyone take you seriously right off the bat.”
I think we could take turns being the little spoon, unless you have a specific preference. And I don’t think I would mind your breath for a quick good morning kiss. There are a number of things I would put up with in order to kiss you. Speaking of…
Cas’ family was obviously always busy, and Dean had initially admitted to being nervous about meeting them, but Cas had assured him there was nothing to fear. They were a family, much like any other, just with bigger responsibilities.
Dean climbed off the bed and went to his mate, who wrapped him in a warm embrace. “Of course, daddy,” he said, leaning in for a kiss. He always wanted to be his daddy’s good boy.
lifted his head, it was like they were looking at each other for the first time. Cas didn’t seem angry that Dean had bit him. Another alpha might be, but not his daddy. Rather, he looked amazed. Awed. Like that mysterious revelation had revealed itself to him as well. He’d heard the same song and the answering call inside Dean.
With a hand on the back of Dean’s neck, Cas pulled him in for a kiss that calmed as much as it claimed. And everything in the world suddenly aligned, rearranging itself into startling clarity. Oh, fuck. There was no doubt in his mind now, there couldn’t be. Everything was suddenly clear as fucking glass.
“Okay.” He swallowed, thickly, already getting aroused just thinking about it. Having that much power and control over Cas, especially when he’d needed the opposite for the last two months, was a heady thought. “Can I… ask why?”
The bar had karaoke. And Drunk Dean could never resist belting out some Zepplin, so he put on a show in-between rounds. Crowley jokingly offered him a ten-dollar tip if he swiveled his hips a little more during the next song.
“Our families go way back; it was arranged when we were children. After checking my bloodwork and testosterone levels, the doctors were certain I was going to present omega and our parents thought it was the perfect way to merge two powerful conglomerates. Naomi and I were together all the time; they encouraged it, they especially encouraged me to be submissive to her. She worked on me slowly, getting me to say yes to simple, easy things before moving on to bigger asks. So, the turn in our relationship felt like a natural progression rather than anything surprising or sudden.”
The network was giddy to have the number one and number two ‘sexiest men’ on the same show together. They said it was an even better marketing line than having a father-son team. Honestly, it was kind of humiliating, losing the number one spot after a two-year streak to such a newbie. But audiences were fickle and besides, if Dean continued to claim the top spot, surely people would start to think the list was rigged. At least, those were a few of the things Dean told himself in order to feel better about it. He couldn’t help being at least a
Dean let his head fall back on the pillow, briefly closing his eyes. “You’re amazing. Thank you. I—uggghhhh!” The urge to push was rising quickly. He spewed out his words on a single breath in-between gasps and groans. “Mmmm! I-love-you-so-much-but-I—ahhh! I-kinda-hate-you-right-now-too!”
Getting back to his feet, Cas nodded, continuing to rub the omega’s stomach with gentle hands, seeking more movement. “But if you don’t feel anything in a few days, we’re going to see Akobel. Just to make sure things are going as they should.”
“I love it, too,” he said. “That’s one reason why I like seeing you all nice and round with my pups. Why I like to put my bites and scratches and rope marks on your pretty pale skin. Why it still makes me hard any time you kneel for me, especially in front of others.” He held Dean’s neck with his other hand, bringing him in but stopping shy of a kiss. “Who do you belong to, beloved?”
A bright white light suddenly burst from Cas’ chest. Dean had only a second to wonder what the hell was going on when the same thing happened to him. It wasn’t painful, just shocking, as they watched the beams of light converge on each other, merging and twining until they were one, binding the two of them together in a maelstrom whirlwind of light. It shot up to the ceiling where it erupted in a shower of shimmers that rained down like tiny tickling kisses on their skin.
An exasperated sigh. “Great, that’s just fantastic. It would be a frantic scramble to pull something together, let alone have a proper mating ceremony before he starts to show, especially with his work schedule.”
“That right there?” said Jed. “That’s what pain feels like.” He laughed again and lifted his weapon, a dark smile on his face as he slowly approached the disillusioned angel. “I’ve always wondered what happens to an angel when they die.”
The doctor chuckled. “I’m not fucking with you,” he said, smiling. “You should be happy about this. It can only happen when there’s a lot of trust in the relationship. Isn’t it normal to feel ecstatic when you leave your well-being in the hands of the person you love?”
“No, I don’t. I never have.” He sounded irritated, but not at Dean, at himself. That was different. Most alphas would jump at the chance to blame something like this on the omega and claim they couldn’t help themselves. “I’ve always been very good at controlling that side of myself.”
“I think they’ll end up alright.” Dean took a look inside the envelope and his brows lifted high on his forehead. After a moment’s consideration, he held it out to Cas. “You take it,” he said. “For going above and beyond.”
“Now, now,” said Dr Crowley in a placating tone. “It would be negligent of me not to treat you.” He patted Dean’s chest firmly enough to make him back up to the table and pressed down on his shoulder. “Sit, sit, sit. There’s something I need to discuss with you anyway.”
“Thanks for texting me, Sam,” he said before he turned his serious gaze to Webb. “The other person in the picture is me.”
After first pulling his underwear down his thighs, Dean lay down on his side and Cas helped him to pull them the rest of the way off, giving him all the access he could want. They stayed that way for a minute, totally naked at last, no more barriers between them. Castiel reached for Dean’s face, threading his fingers through his short hair and leaning in to kiss him.
Rendered shockingly well was a massive figure that dwarfed the barn, beaming with so much light that it was purposefully difficult to see the details. The being was largely amorphous, with what looked like three heads that shifted from one shape to another too quickly to settle on just one image. Whirling golden halos circled around it, suspended in the air, covered in hundreds of burning blue eyes, the same eyes that decorated all six of the enormous wings stretched out on either side. It
He wasn’t. ‘Love’ wasn’t enough to describe the feeling Cas inspired. The longing he’d exposed and quenched had created a profound bond between them, but was it love?
“I’m not even sure if I would have feelings for other men. Maybe it’s only him who makes me feel this way.” He squirmed and wouldn’t look at Dean. “He makes me feel… so much.”
Dean smiled at the tentative note in his tone. His sweet alpha was worried. “Of course not, daddy. It’ll take more than a few bad alphas to chase me off.”
“It’s Winchester,” he said when Bela’s voicemail picked up. “I decided I’ll take you up on your offer as long as that picture never gets out. Call me back to meet up. You give me the hard data and prove you’ve destroyed all copies.”
“He’s not terribly graceful,” Castiel said, leaning in like he was telling a big secret. “He tripped coming out of his trailer and I just happened to be there to catch him.”
It could have been an effect of the lighting, but Dean swore a smile was tugging at the Seraph's mouth.
I was gonna upload this last week but my city was hit by a derecho: an extremely destructive in-line hurricane (in the Midwest! Crazy, right?) that lasted for three hours and knocked out the power across the city. We lost a bunch of trees and had no electricity or internet for five days. My college is in the state and their power got knocked out too, and since we’re learning remotely, they had to postpone the start of classes by a week. Life is insane.
Behind Captain Harvelle, one of the medical officers hurried to retrieve something, leaving a window for Castiel to catch a glimpse of a disfigured shoulder. In the soft din of the beeping K3 monitor and mumble of medical officers, there rose a strange incessant whimpering, a weak voice that babbled a language Castiel could almost understand. It was the voice of the body on the table. Castiel became conscious of his own clenched fist once again, the fingernails digging so fiercely into his palm the entire appendage was going numb.
“I suppose,” Castiel said, “we will not know if our arrangement works until we put it to test in the field.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “But to make Dean chill out, I have to get something first. You can come with me and I’ll teach you the secret, if you want.”
Sam stopped mopping up Ketch’s mouth-water from the table and looked up to see Castiel walking towards the group.
“You are still mending, so do not think about it too hard,” Naomi said. Castiel stopped thinking about it, and the ache receded, although the tightness of his fist did not. “I would have rather you recovered fully, but this must do. You will fulfill your duty.”
Castiel allowed himself a glance at the patient’s face. It truly looked horrible. There were no words.
. There must be a plug somewhere they yank without any warning. Red alert. Emergency shutdown. System failure.
“Get this,” Sam laughed. “Trump actually okayed a relief package: ‘free testing, expanded funding for food security programs, and paid sick, family, and medical leave for workers at companies with 500 employees or fewer.’ And they’re looking into providing direct payment to taxpayers.”
Castiel was listening, but he found it difficult to focus. As he scanned over the human faces in the gymnasium — Doctor Singer and Nurse Mills pale and solemn, Captain Harvelle comforting her daughter, Lt. Commander Ketch wringing his hands — Castiel realized that he was struggling to narrow in on any single piece of data. All the emotions: so many minds he’d have to violate with his own to actually understand.
in my dreams,” Dean scoffed. “God knows why. And everyone I know is there too, and they’re all teenagers, and they all have different jobs. Rowena is a costume designer. Sammy’s in the ensemble. Eileen is on light crew, I think, or just doing something up in the catwalks. You and Kevin and Donna make appearances. I’m the leading man.”
The rice krispies were, indeed, soggy when Dean finally reached them, but he didn’t really mind. Rice krispies were always delicious, regardless of their consistency. He did regret he didn’t make it in time for that sweet spot (just the right amount of cool crunch followed by a moist milky squish), but even if it was just mush, the ricey flavor never let him down. It was like a cold oatmeal. A grainy gazpacho. A sophisticated porridge. Quarantine may not have improved Dean’s palate, but it at least improved his attitude about it.
,” Ketch gritted his teeth. “Ellen has been thinking about switching you for years. This is not about your… circumstances.”
“Great. His family just— the Anael incident, that was their mother. Probably knew that, but I’ll give you their files just in case. And— he knows we need you, but it’s going to be hard for him to look at you.”
It was fascinating to observe the differences between the brothers. Sam wore his hair in a way just shy of breaking several regulations, whereas Dean was the model of the clean-shaven, neatly trimmed Starfleet officer in human textbooks. Sam rarely caused a scene, yet impetuously complained about the existence of Starfleet and his role in it in private. Dean was as unpredictable as a live wire, yet was one of Starfleet’s most highest-valued officers. Sam displayed obvious trust in Castiel, while Dean, who had Castiel’s hands to thank for his mended body, did not.
“Was that satisfactory?” His voice was very weak and he was uncertain whether Doctor Singer could hear him. He straightened up in his chair and fought back a wave of nausea.
s, the doctor finally calmed himself down enough to laugh at Dean’s morose pout and Castiel’s exasperated glower. Dean got up on the sickbed with his arms crossed, refusing to meet Castiel’s eyes, and Doctor Singer got to scanning.
in Naomi’s personal craft was a great honor. As he was a Starfleet officer and she was merely connected to Starfleet through her alliance with the Federation, her company signified more than just the Seraphim dedication to intergalactic peace — it demonstrated the faith she held in Castiel. She stood by his side, observing, as Starfleet’s Constitution-class ship grew bigger on the viewscreen. Wide top disk, elongated nacelles, blazing Bussard ramscoops, elementary design. Castiel would remain there, one Seraph among four hundred humans, for the final two of its five year assignment to “explore strange new worlds” and “seek out new civilizations.”
“Your experience in Starfleet Academy has prepared you for this, but you will find that, when in command of a human crew, it will be impossible to eliminate emotion from action,” Naomi advised. “You will be stressed. Pulled in all directions. You must practice fascination over frustration. Observe their behavior, and document it, but do not let them corrupt you. Remember: faith in the Father, faith in his children.”
“Alright, yep. Going now. Going to… drink.” The security hesitated, staring Castiel deep in the eyes — a much more welcoming gaze than Sam Winchester’s. It unsettled Castiel. Hostility was often genuine; hospitality was often insincere. “Castiel, you wanna…? Enemy of my enemy and all that?”
Of what, he didn’t know, which was probably the worst part. Dean’s safety? It was like a drone in Sam’s head at all times, but that wasn’t new. There was something more. Maybe it was the nightmares — how he kept dreaming about the nights he lost Jessica and Dad and Dean. When Castiel healed his leg, Sam had looked up and seen Dean surrounded by Klingons, being dragged away, his face twisted in fear. It was a trick of the light, and the deja vu faded as quickly as it came, but Dean’s facial expression remained the same. And then Ruby had up and revered him for the most inhuman actions of his life. He was haunted.
The beast was eight feet tall at the shoulder, rippling with muscle, drool flying from its enormous muzzle as it gnashed its teeth in the air. Facts Sam had memorized as a kid flashed through his mind:
Having no clue whether Sam was insulting or complimenting him, Dean responded rudely just to be safe.
The pale one smirked with crooked lips, revealing a set of glaringly white teeth. His eyes were held open impossibly wide, as if he couldn't remember how to blink, and they pierced right into Dean’s soul in a way that made him feel alarmingly
Officers Charlie Bradbury and Garth Fitzgerald offered to give Castiel a private tour of the ship. He accepted. He quickly discovered that Bradbury and Fitzgerald, while incredibly intelligent scientists, talked very much.
A giant spike had shot from a hidden cannon on the side of the hill, pinning Dean to the ground by a dark building, impaling the older Winchester through his gut. His tricorder was tossed to the side, his golden shirt darkening rapidly around the iron pole inside him. Sam fell at his brother’s side and pawed at his brother’s face, light-headed with grief and denial. Dean fluttered his eyes open weakly.
Dean shook his head, looking around. Sam was a few feet from him, still lying down, probably orienting himself. Ellen and the others were nowhere to be seen.
It was every few nights now, since he was less of a mess, since Dean was okay. And his talks weren’t so sad all the time, either. Tonight he sat at the far edge of a center pew and bowed his head and laughed.
in his sleep. It had been on and off for the past couple of days. Castiel diagnosed it as an anxious byproduct of cabin fever or some kind of manifestation of his subconscious desires, and when Dean realized Castiel had been watching over him as he slept again, he’d started locking his door at night.
Meg threw her head back and laughed. Dean snuck a glance at Castiel; he was pulling his sinister glower, the one that nearly had Dean pee himself back on the
faces and follow the Word as he was made to do. He would like to please his Father. He is not a quitter.
“Mary did not have to die,” Dad said. He sounded so angry. Mary was Momma. Momma did not have to die. Dean watched Sammy sleeping in his arms. Breathe in, breathe out. Dean’s tongue and teeth were very dry.
It was another tie in their profound bond. Ramiel was continuing to change throughout this season, to differentiate himself from other angels and take on more human characteristics.
“You should be able to. Though you should know, much like prayer, invoking someone’s name requires a certain amount of
Dean pulled a smile that was more of a grimace. “Naomi keeps wanting to take me out to look at venues. I keep telling her I have work, but I can’t put her off forever, especially once I’m on maternity leave. I just… I want the mating ceremony to be about me and daddy. She seems to make things more—”
“I thought you were never coming back to the US,” Cas was saying, his voice unusually nervous. “What is this about, Naomi?”
Part of having moved to a new home that year and Dean never having had a real Christmas prior to the tiny one they’d shared at college meant he and Cas had to purchase all new decorations, most importantly, a tree. They ended up getting a pre-lit one from their local store, something that would last for years and cut down on decorating time. More decor would accrue as the years went on, but they needed all of the basics now, which led to some very enthusiastic shopping missions. It was fun to go around to various shops, all decorated to the gills like a reindeer had barfed Christmas on every surface, and search for what felt like ‘them’ because, to Dean’s inner omega, it felt like nesting, which was all he wanted to do at the moment. Cas usually managed to find some small treat for them to enjoy as they wandered the aisles, like handmade fudge, snowball cookies, or a cup of hot chocolate.
“I had therapy,” said Cas. “Not sure where I’d be if I hadn’t. I’d grown up believing that my purpose was to be with Naomi and be a good mother to our pups. She was my whole world. We continued to see each other for a while afterward because I… needed her to feel whole. But then her father found out. And she told me he was sending her overseas, maybe for good. I was so scared; I didn’t know what would happen to me without her. And I thought that was love at the time, thought that we would make it work and, in the end, she would defy them for me. But our relationship was nothing serious to her. I was just a diversion, a fun toy, something to practice with until she could mate an omega like they wanted. Before she left, I asked her at the very least to delete the videos and pictures and she said she would when she got bored of looking at them.”
Using the coins in his pocket, Dean purchased a candy bar. His mood had been rotten ever since Adler’s unblocked sour smell had tainted the space; he needed the dopamine the sugar would give him. “No, I just want to brighten things up a bit, you know?”
The alpha’s eyes flared red for a moment. “You’re telling me,” he said, his already low voice gone rougher around the edges. “I’m going to have to sit here for a few minutes or I’m going to embarrass myself when I stand up.”
Then the man looked up… and Dean forgot everything. He was lost in the bluest eyes ever to blue, bluer than the tie hanging crooked from the man’s neck. Dean’s mouth might have gone slack, he wasn’t sure. They were like angel’s eyes, almost too pretty to be real.
Bast took the verbal beating with his head bowed and eyes downcast, then quietly reminded the angel, “There’s nothing I won’t do for you and our pup… Even doom the world to burn.”
Dean rolled over and yelled into his pillow. He wanted to go back in time, go to Trickster, and bash himself over the head for being a lying coward. He didn’t care if the universe imploded because he interacted with a past version of himself. If he hadn’t been such a chicken and lied to this beautiful man, he could have had so much more already and he wouldn’t be torturing himself.
Sam sighed but took the curtain and went back up the ladder, draping it over the sign and letting the ends hang down within reach. “I can’t believe you’re doing this.”
“She took videos and pictures of me while we carried on that secret relationship,” said Cas. “I don’t know if you read about the SM scandal that was going around recently? But it’s me and Naomi in that video.”
He dropped Lucifer on the floor in response to his mother’s alpha-voice, but rather than back off, he crouched over the unmoving man, growling and baring his teeth like he was warning her away from his prey. Dean wasn’t even sure what he was seeing through those glowing red eyes, if he recognized any of them or if his daddy’s inner alpha had just completely taken over.
Dean thought about it for a moment. “Like reading a book in a Spring garden. Paper, sun-warmed leather, and green growing things, but more on the clean, fresh-scented side rather than floral.”
Despite his protests about needing a longer refraction period, Dean couldn’t help getting at least a little interested once they were in the small shower area with warm water pouring down their bodies. The slide of slick skin-on-skin had him at half-mast with almost no effort from Cas at all. Then he just looked into his gorgeous half-lidded eyes and Dean was pressing Cas up against the tile wall, one leg going between Castiel’s knees as he kissed him.
“Admit it,” Cas growled against his lips. “You wanted to climb on top of me in that confessional, didn’t you?”
“Do you have an idea of what you’re looking for?” the woman asked after letting him have a moment to glance at the jewelry. “We do custom pieces as well if nothing seems right.”
Even without a positive identification, this was undoubtedly a PR nightmare. Such a nightmare, in fact, that the more Dean thought about it, the more he was sure that it couldn’t have been Naomi who did this. Cas was working at the peak of his career, why would she want to harm one of her agency’s most valuable actors? And if she had been pissed off enough to leak the videos, only
They passed Sam in the hallway, who was busy texting on his phone. Dean tried to grasp at his sleeve, but Castiel just kept pulling him onward.
fucking good. The incubus’ dick was so big, it rubbed against that amazing spot inside of Dean every single time, so deep inside. His whole body vibrated with pleasure, like one long orgasm that peaked when he actually came, spraying jizz all over his stomach.
Dean stood in the circle of his arms stiffly, feeling like he didn’t deserve the comfort Cas was offering. “I broke the rules,” he said, dully.
He did. He wanted to look away, but he couldn’t. He saw Castiel push back his sleeve to look at his watch. A group of people sat down at the table next to his and one man grabbed the chair across from Castiel. Immediately, he held up a hand. Dean couldn’t hear what was said, but he imagined he was saying that he was waiting for someone. The man left the chair alone and got one from a different table.
