“That was a truth. I have a real dare now.”
“I like blueberries. I like chocolate, but I like blueberries, too.”
“Rainbow hundreds-and-thousands.”
“Yeah, I suppose. But she should hear it. I’m glad you love her.”
“Sherlock, stop moving,” he said as he tried to fight off the tickle the curls had caused.
John bit back the smile that wanted to come across his face. “Deal,” he said instead as he reached out and clasped Sherlock’s hand firmly and gave it a shake.
“I may have prepared myself in the loo,” John grinned and watched as Sherlock let his head flop down on the pillow. He aligned himself and sank carefully down. He bit down on his lip as his body opened for Sherlock and he felt himself being filled. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his, his hands running up and down John’s thighs as he lowered onto him, and he kept himself perfectly still. When he was fully seated, John let out a sigh, delighting in the feeling of fullness.
Sherlock nodded, then reached into the bag and pulled out what looked like a blueberry muffin before passing the bag to John, who reached in and took out his own muffin. There was another left in the bag for Rosie whenever she was ready for it.
But John wasn’t phased by messes; by brokenness. Instead of abandoning Sherlock in the messes he created to deal with on his own, John stood and picked up the pieces. Helped Sherlock to pick up the pieces. Saw through all the facades that Sherlock threw up against the world to hide his insecurities, his anxieties. John saw, and didn’t judge, and didn’t turn away.
When he arrived at the cemetery and made his way to Sherlock’s grave, however, all of his whirling thoughts came to a standstill as he noticed the fresh bouquet of flowers resting on the black stone.
“Sherlock. Stop trying to deduce it and just open it, you git.”
They pulled away from each other, panting, hearts racing. John stood up, grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pulled him to his feet, and they made their way through the garden as quickly as they could through the rain with only the light from the kitchen door to guide their way. By the time they stood inside the kitchen, they were both soaked to the skin with mud splattered over their feet and the hem of their pajama bottoms.
“I could use a coffee. Do you want to get out of here?” he asked, and her brows shot skyward instantly.
“Anything,” John said again. One hand came up to cup his jaw. “Open your eyes,” he whispered and Sherlock took a deep, shaky breath, then did as he requested.  “What do you want, love?” John asked him when he met his eyes.
Sherlock turned his eyes back to his laptop screen and he tried his best to ignore the older woman. He hadn’t invited her to stay for tea for this kind of conversation. He had assumed she would just natter on about Mrs. Turner next door or her recent troubles with the radiator or some such. Something that he could mainly ignore while he worked. She was usually satisfied with a properly timed “hmm” or “oh”. It made her ideal for this kind of boring background research when John wasn’t there to entertain him.
John smiled. He opened his eyes and turned his head to look at his friend. Sherlock’s head was tipped back, his long pale neck on perfect display, gazing up at the night sky. He pointed with his free hand towards a specific spot.
They both fell silent while John continued to clean his body, then rinse the soap from his skin.
Sherlock wrapped his fingers around John’s left wrist where his hand cupped his cheek, felt the quick flutter of his pulse under his fingers, then turned his head, and kissed his palm without breaking eye contact. He leaned his cheek back into his hand. John’s eyes never blinked as he watched him.
John watched them for a moment, still aware and still ignoring Sherlock’s eyes on him, until he could no longer avoid its pull and let his own eyes drift up to an aquamarine gaze.
“I wasn’t expecting to play ‘Doctor’ when I was getting supplies for our quarantine.”
John was motionless against him and for a moment Sherlock felt a rising hysteria as it stole through his body and mind. He had miscalculated. He had misunderstood. But then John gasped, his lips parting on the inhale, and he was kissing him back. Sherlock felt a flame light in his belly and spread through his limbs, through his veins, like wildfire.
“Yes, all the time. I never comment, though. I wasn’t sure if you would appreciate anything I had to say,” the man said and John remained quiet.
John took a deep breath. He closed his eyes and his head fell back, which exposed the line of his throat and the top of his collarbones. He let out a long sigh as his head released back to a natural position. Small hands scraped over his face and Sherlock heard as his skin caught on the stubble over his cheeks. He opened his eyes and turned to lock his gaze on Sherlock.
Not fast enough. Not clever enough. Standing on the edge of a building and jumping, surviving, but not living. Falling. Lying. Alive, but dead.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how, but they somehow managed to make their way to his bedroom through a series of pushing and pulling, leading and following, and when his knees hit the back of his bed he sat down on the mattress and it was the first time their mouths parted since they had begun.
“It’s not a joke, it’s a fact.”
“Everything,” John confirmed, then lowered his head to share a rather tender kiss, a physical promise to the words and emotions that coursed through them both, and Sherlock gladly surrendered to the feel of John’s lips on his. John’s hands moved from his face, down his neck, to his shoulders, and he gripped his biceps in his hands before he pressed closer, and Sherlock felt John’s arousal against him. His fingers on John’s hips tightened, fingertips digging into the soft skin there, and John sighed into the kiss.
“There’s our man. Taxi. Clever. Why is that clever?” he asked himself as much as John, and when the taxi began to take off, he jumped up and called for John to hurry and come along, and they swept out the door quickly.
“Not quite,” he teased and John let out a breathless laugh.
His eyes peeked up at Sherlock, and he found that the man was watching him, those iridescent eyes that seem to see everything locked on him.
John offered a half-smile and removed his hand and the napkin from his knee. “We’ll need to treat that when we get back or it will stain.”
Sherlock continued to play as John went about his after-work routine. He set the kettle to boil and went to the fridge to see what he could make for dinner. When he pulled open the door, he stared for nearly a full minute before he choked out a noise that sounded like half-disbelief and half-hysterical laugh.
“Your archenemy, apparently. Do people have archenemies?”John asked his tone a mix of incredulous and actual curiosity.
Sometimes he wondered what Sherlock would have thought about her. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock had even liked animals. He liked to imagine that Sherlock would have loved her as much as John did. Sometimes he thought of Sherlock, with his carefully crafted mask of indifference completely dropping away in that way it sometimes had when he didn’t know John was watching him, and imagined that’s how he would have been with Joy. The mask down as he scratched behind her ears. He imagined Sherlock playing with her down on the floor and that image nearly made him laugh. Sherlock had never been averse to getting on the ground or crawling in filth if it meant finding some important piece of evidence, and he liked to imagine that it would have been the same kind of situation with Joy. That he wouldn’t have minded.
It had taken way more effort than John had anticipated finding the perfect wrapping paper for Sherlock’s Christmas gift that year, but he knew the moment he had found it when browsing through a random shop he had wandered into after picking Rosie up from daycare one day.
Rosie was singing to herself behind him while he watched as the sun started to rise over the water towards the east, painting streaks of magenta and burnt orange over the gunmetal waves.
They both leaned back, palms braced on the blanket beneath them and watched as Rosie shouted in triumph at another discovery, her high voice delighted as she turned to run back to show them.
John’s cock jutted out proudly from his body and Sherlock nearly salivated at the sight, but he pulled his eyes away to take in more of the man in front of him. His skin was a mix of golden tones, darkened in some places, lighter in others. Light gold hair covered his body. The scar on his shoulder was an intriguing study in scar tissue from the bullet that took him down and the infection that set in after. John stood still, not in apprehension or fear of what Sherlock might think, but out of consideration. John wasn’t shy or nervous about his body, and he knew that Sherlock would need to look, to examine, to understand, and Sherlock’s heart clenched in his chest as he realized that John was letting him do what he needed to.
“Sherlock, I love you, but you’re going to have to be specific.”
The weather had been mild enough that he elected to walk the forty minutes to Sherlock’s grave. It gave him time to think over anything he might want to tell the man, and he usually had a lot to say. Things that he hadn’t told anyone before. Things that he hadn’t been able to say out loud. Things that he’d never get the chance to say, so he reckoned he might as well say them now.
“I think she’s already claimed you.”
“What was it about?”
He had a handful of people in practically no time at all to help him load the boxes onto a rental that he had procured. They loaded the boxes and met him at Baker Street a bit later to move them into the new flat. Money changed hands, and then he went to work unboxing everything.
John no longer had a purpose. Honorably discharged from Her Majesty’s Royal Army. Honorable, because he was shot in the line of duty. It didn’t feel honorable. It felt like nothing. Without the proper use of his hand, he could no longer hold a scalpel. A limp that shouldn’t exist served as proof that his mental state was questionable at best. Psychosomatic. A symptom of PTSD. No longer fit for duty. No longer fit for surgery.
“Yes?”
“My landlady taught me. Well, she took mercy on me after I set off the smoke alarm far too many times.”
“Good. That’s...good. I’m not very good at discussing feelings, John. I know that I love you and so I said the words because they are true and the most efficient way of expressing the sentiment. But it’s so much more than that. I love cases and my experiments and my microscope and tea. I love Mrs. Hudson, and my parents, and even Mycroft. I love Rosie. I love Rosie like she was my own flesh and blood and bone. I would die for any of them,” Sherlock stated, his hands digging into his curls and fluffing them agitatedly as he paced. “But you, John.” He stopped and turned to look at John, eyes bright and intense and John couldn’t look away if he wanted to. “You’re the sun and the moon and all the stars I cannot name. You’re the sea and the wind and the sand. You’re the blood in my veins and the oxygen in my lungs. When I say ‘I love you’ it is because those are the only words I have at my disposal. I would die for you. I would kill for you. But more than all of that, I would live for you, John Watson.”
Sherlock reached behind him and turned the tap off while John opened the curtain. He grabbed two towels and passed one to Sherlock. They dried their bodies, eyes warm and soft as they watched each other. When he was finished, Sherlock tossed his towel on the ground, then took John’s from where he had wrapped it around his waist and let it fall with the other. He grabbed John’s hand and pulled him into his bedroom. John watched as he quickly rummaged through his drawers and tossed a shirt and a pair of pyjama bottoms towards him.
Sherlock rose from his crouch beside her bed, eyes cast down and away from John as if he suddenly remembered that John was in the room and that this shared moment between him and Rosie had been on full display for an audience and he was waiting for criticism.
John had been walking a knife’s edge between life and death when he ran into Mike at the park, and that meeting led to another far more life-altering one. It was fleeting. Their time together far too brief. That in itself, though, was a summary of who Sherlock was. He was in and out of John’s life in a flash, shining so intensely John was blinded and could see only him, and now that he was gone he constantly felt the absence of his light. The world around him just a bit duller. It wasn’t as dark as after the war had been, and he had Sherlock to thank for that. But he also had Sherlock to thank for the world he left behind seeming that bit more shadowed.
“Or not Molly,” John said slowly, then cut off as Angelo reappeared with their meals.
He let his eyes drift back to his friend as he listened to his daughter sing. He honestly wasn’t sure if Sherlock was asleep or simply in his mind palace at the moment. His chest rose and fell in a steady rhythm, and John admitted to himself that seeing that simple movement was worth all of the heartache and pain he had gone through in his life. That steady breathing was proof that Sherlock was here. That John’s friend, his best friend, was alive and well. His daughter’s voice singing in the near distance was just another layer to his happiness.
“I brought Chinese. It’s in the kitchen. Are you hungry?” he asked and wasn’t surprised when Sherlock shook his head. His stomach roiled at the thought of food. Twisted in knots that were slowly unwinding, his stomach rebelled at the mere thought of food at the moment.
“Not quite,” his deep voice intoned, deeper than John had ever heard it before, and John felt something between a groan and a huff of laughter get caught in his throat. Sherlock’s hand tightened around him, pulling on him, and John let his head fall back as his eyes closed. He shivered as Sherlock’s thumb swept over his slit, collecting the wetness that was already beading there.
“Mrs. Hudson!”
“Well then. You should head back and pack up. If you hurry up you could be ready to move in by tonight.”
Greg nodded and made his way out of the building.
Sherlock let his fingers curl around John’s shoulder as the shorter man led them in a tight circle in the available space of their small kitchen. Their feet barely shuffled as they moved to the smooth, bluesy rhythm of the song, the pluck of the guitar against the steady beat of the background drums. Sherlock leaned down just a touch to let his nose brush against the silvery-gold strands of John’s hair and breathed in the scent of lemon-verbena shampoo, which caused a smile to pull at his lips. When they had first moved in together, John had used the cheapest shampoo he could buy with some atrocious artificial coconut scent. The one he used now was more mid-range and the scent far more subtle. It didn’t mask the natural scent of the man he held in his arms. That blend of shampoo and tea and the dish soap he had used, then the scent of deodorant and clean sweat, and underneath that the sharp tang of gunpowder. The scents that made up the man.
Sherlock stood there, looking at him, and John watched him for what felt like forever as his words settled into his skin and bones. Sherlock was telling him what he never expected to hear. He had accepted what he thought he could have and now Sherlock was telling him that there was far more to be offered. That he could have it. He reached out and took one of Sherlock’s hands in his. His hand was warm and dry under John’s, which were still somewhat cold from being outside for so long. He took a deep breath and reminded himself that he could be brave when he needed to be.
His quiet huff and inability to deny what The Woman had said to him in the warehouse at Battersea.
John stared at him as a million thoughts flew through his mind. He realized a moment later that none of his thoughts or questions even mattered at the moment.
The truth of the matter was becoming harder and harder to ignore. At the end of the day, he really just needed John.
“Chinese,” John confirmed with a smile before he pulled him down for another kiss.
She crossed the room and laid them out on the table. John quieted, but let the smile linger on his face.
John opened the door and there he was, as if he never left. Blue dressing gown and black trousers, barefoot on the cold wood floor as he coaxed his violin into the most plaintive music that John had ever heard him play. Worse than when The Woman had died, but not really.
She hummed quietly, and he glanced up at her.
John shook his head in disbelief as he processed what Mycroft said. It wasn’t that he wouldn’t protect Sherlock to the best of his ability. Of course, he would. The disbelief was Mycroft asking him to do so.
He popped off, pressed a kiss to the tip of Sherlock’s cock, then climbed back up and took Sherlock’s mouth in a heated kiss. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around his body, and John let his hands trace up and down Sherlock’s sides. He shifted his legs as he straddled Sherlock’s hips and the moment their cocks aligned both men moaned at the friction.
Angelo stood on the threshold, holding out an aluminum cane, and John took it from him before turning to look at Sherlock with a look of awe. Sherlock smiled, pleased.
“That’s all,” Sherlock agreed.
John started kissing down Sherlock’s pale neck, his whimpers and sighs in his ear, and gave his hips an experimental roll. Sherlock cried out, but the sound was lost in a sudden crash and roll of thunder outside the window. Sherlock’s hands went flying to John’s hips, long fingers digging into the soft flesh there and John bit back a moan.
“Please, John, let me speak. Please.”
Outside, snow fell, blanketing the streets of London, but inside John felt the heat of Sherlock’s skin against his. The warmth of a love returned in his chest.
“I’m not acting ‘off’,” Sherlock denied, well aware that he may indeed have been acting off. His thoughts had been bouncing around like a pinball machine, nevermind his emotions, and he couldn’t have John figuring out why that was.
It was the same. John still called him “amazing” with that look of wonder on his face. He still laughed and giggled in the post-buzz excitement of a chase. He still ordered the pork potstickers Sherlock liked best even though John preferred the shrimp.
“Jesus, Sherlock, are you ok?” John asked in concern as he toed off his shoes by the door and stepped into the living room. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
He would cook meals and invite Mrs. Hudson upstairs to share them because he enjoyed her company, and he honestly didn’t have anyone else he could or wanted to share them with. When he didn’t have her over, he packed the extras for his lunches the next day. The meals were often for two, after all.
They panted into each other’s mouths as John bottomed out, his balls tight against Sherlock’s arse, as they waited for Sherlock to adjust. John’s body was demanding he move, but he refused to hurt Sherlock, and he held painfully still until Sherlock gave a small nod and a wiggle of his hips.
“You see him, too, then. I won’t lie, for a moment last night I wasn’t sure if it was just my imagination.”
“Indeed it is.”
“How am I supposed to follow a list that I can’t see?”
Yeah, he thought there was something offensive in her comments, but he also wasn’t going to work himself up into an affront about it.
John never wrapped his arm around Sherlock or splayed a possessive hand on his hip and pulled him close, leaned into him. They didn’t have that before, and they definitely didn’t have it now.
“Yoo-hoo!”
“I love it. Do you have one, as well?”
John nearly whined at Sherlock’s words, his hips hitting a brutal pace that Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. Sherlock’s legs wrapped tightly around him, bringing him closer, his hips meeting his even as his body had to be overstimulated, but Sherlock didn’t seem to care as he stared up at John.
“Ha! Miracles do happen,” John chuckled to himself as he climbed into the cab that had pulled up to the kerb in front of him.
“Of course not. Just wait. You’ll see,” Sherlock smirked.
A second later.
“I heard you and Alex talking and I thought it might be better if I wasn’t here,” he explained.
“Alex is still very much attracted to you, John, and more than interested in taking up where you left off. If it was any more obvious he’d have a glowing neon sign above his head. I simply thought it best to give you two the room you need to reestablish your previous relationship.”
Oh, how the mighty fall.
Sherlock and John went back to the little cottage that they stayed in the first time. They shared a bottle of wine and kissed and teased each other until Sherlock decided they needed to shower and head to bed.
The more John watched Joy he finally gave up holding back his laughter and let it out. It was absolutely ridiculous that a dog sniffing a box should cause his chest to tighten and feel looser all at the same time, but it did.
“Why did you always shoot down anyone who thought we were a couple?” he asked.
And yet...it didn’t really change anything.
Joy lifted her head up at her name, clambering to her feet, nudging at John’s hand on his knee and he scratched her ear.
There was even a sprig of mistletoe hung from the middle of the kitchen door jamb and John felt his eyes roll in exasperation. That was a complete waste of money, no matter that it was tradition. There was no one he was kissing and he didn’t see that changing anytime soon.
Sherlock finally opened his eyes and turned to look at John with eyes that shone blue in the lights that sparkled from the tree in the corner of the room.
It was the second page of hits that got his attention in an unexpected way. He had scrolled halfway down the page when he found what appeared to be an old personal website. He clicked on it and was immediately presented with a clearly abandoned blog. He quickly read over a few of the entries, though he wasn’t sure why he bothered. It was all from years ago. There was one entry where he mentioned medical school and Sherlock scanned down the post until he found a somewhat grainy scanned in photo of a group of five young men that appeared to have been taken in front of a rugby pitch. Three of the men were in their rugby kit and were covered in bits of grass and dirt. Alexander Campbell was one of the two not in uniform, but rather in jeans and a university sweatshirt. He was centered in the photograph with his arm wrapped around the shoulder of the man on his left.
“I was a doctor,” John corrected him.
It was grounding.
“That loud, hm?” he asks, and Sherlock’s lips quirk up in response.
“John,” Sherlock broke into the quiet after eating for a few quiet minutes.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have…,” he began, but John cut him off.
Sherlock watched her exit and make her way back towards Barts, her words echoing in his head. Should he tell him? What difference would it make for John to know? John wasn’t interested. He wasn’t, so telling him did nothing but put Sherlock’s traitorous heart on a bloody altar to be sacrificed with a wicked knife. And it would be a painful blade, no matter how gently John would wield it in an effort to let him down gently.
Rosie led the way into the living room, chattering excitedly as she bounced on her toes and then ran up and down the hallway several times with repeated pleas to just move a tiny bit faster to see what Father Christmas left beneath the tree.
“No, no he wasn’t really, was he?”
Dark blue eyes and sandy hair flecked with silver surfaced behind his closed eyes. Those small, steady hands when adrenaline coursed through him and Sherlock felt his cock stir at the thought of those steady hands stroking over his skin. He shifted slightly on the sofa and the movement caused his burgeoning erection to push against his trousers and sent a flicker of arousal through his body. He settled back down onto the sofa, more comfortable than a moment before, and one of his hands came up to his chest where he idly toyed with one of the buttons of his shirt. He kept his eyes closed and listened intently for any sounds in the flat. When he couldn’t hear any movement coming from John’s room, his hand moved from the button and he let his thumb graze over one of his nipples. His back arched slightly at the contact, the nub hardening under his light touch and causing his cock to thicken and press more urgently against his trouser flies. His free hand came up and provided the same treatment to his other nipple, his fingers twisting the tightened buds, and the silk of his button-down shirt added another level of sensuality to the contact.
Then he unpacked his laptop and charging cord and set them up on a little desk that was set up in the room. He plugged in the laptop and powered it on, then straightened up with a sigh.
She stood in front of Sherlock, hopping up and down in excitement. “Is it chocolate? Is it chocolate? Chocolate!”
Both men finished their ice cream and Sherlock lowered his voice and shared his deductions about the people around them while Rosie worked on finishing her cone. John snorted with laughter at certain revelations or his brows would arch up in surprise at others. It was comfortable and entertaining and John loved every moment of it.
There was no way Sherlock went to buy milk.
“Thank you.”
He didn’t go back to sleep after that. He couldn’t rest.
“I noticed that Dr. Watson left Baker Street an hour or so ago.”
“No...I pretended I had a body I needed to examine and I left them there,” he said, and Molly shook her head at him.
“What does that have to do with anything? We’re going to share a flat, not get married,” Sherlock countered. “Though in fairness, arranged marriages actually have a significantly lower percentage of divorce, so even if I was proposing marriage rather than a flatshare, the numbers would be on our side.” Oh, maybe not the best argument to make if it was Mrs. Hudson’s insinuation that they wouldn’t need two bedrooms. If that was something that made him uncomfortable.
“Facts, John. Data. It’s constantly skewed when it regards you. When I think you will react one way, you do something else. It’s always been like that. It’s one of the things about you that fascinates me. You never do what I expect. You never have.”
“Well, I am. Look at us both,” she had countered to his claim of “I’m not actually gay.”
“Thank you,” he automatically replied
John stood under the hot spray of the shower, hoping that the water would work its subtle magic and help him to rid the images of Sherlock with a knife at his throat. John had almost been too late. It had been too close of a call. He had taken off, his long legs catching up to their suspect moments before John could, but those moments had been enough for the man to pull a knife and somehow manage to get his hands on the detective. Behind his closed eyes he could still see the well of blood that had risen on Sherlock’s throat as the man brandished his blade. If John had been a second later…
“Oh God,” he said, instead, and felt Sherlock smile into his neck.
John frowned, looking down at the dog that had curled up in front of the hearth, soaking up the heat from the fire. Her injured leg was resting comfortably, he supposed, and the wrapping seemed to have worked, at least for the moment. She had hobbled after him gingerly all morning.
he doesn’t say, but he doesn’t have to.
John’s heart had thudded hard in his chest as he watched the little tableau in his small bedroom. The quiet loveliness of Sherlock singing a lullaby to an infant, John’s daughter, as he rocked her to sleep in his arms made his chest ache with fondness for the man. He had been so worried that Sherlock would grow tired of him and the restrictions having an infant in their flat would necessarily put on them, but he had slowly begun to accept that maybe it would be okay. That maybe he could have Sherlock and Rosie.
Their domestic soundtrack kicked in as John went about the kitchen in the familiar dance of tea making. Sherlock stood there for a few moments, just listening before he forced himself into motion. He went to the fire, stoked the flames back into life, then settled into his chair. John came in with a tea for each of them a few minutes later, then settled into his chair across from Sherlock. They each took a silent sip of their tea as they watched each other. Sherlock waited patiently. He could be incredibly patient when he needed to be, and the tension in John’s shoulders indicated he would need to be patient until John took the five minutes needed to finish his tea. He sipped from his own cup while he waited.
John stepped back and then stepped out of his trousers and socks. He pushed his pants down and off as well, his cock springing free proudly. He approached the bed again as Sherlock watched him from where he was laying back, propped up on his elbows, his tongue darting out to moisten his lips. John stepped between his legs as they hung over the edge of the bed and thumbed open the button of Sherlock’s trousers, then unzipped them. Sherlock’s eyes were heavy-lidded as John requested silent permission to remove them, and Sherlock lifted his hips in response. John hooked his fingers in the trousers and the silk black pants, pulling them slowly off and tossing them on the floor. He lifted Sherlock’s legs one at a time and peeled off his socks, as well.
John made his way around the room, taking in the decorations of fairy lights that twinkled cheerily from the ceiling and the Christmas tree that was decked out beside the food table. Soft Christmas songs played over the sound system, but it wasn’t too loud to discourage all the conversations that were happening, so John found himself talking and listening to different coworkers as he picked at the plate that he had made from the hors d'oeuvres table that lined the side of the room.
Sherlock leaned forward, pulling in his legs and bracing his elbows on his knees, as he looked closer at John.
“Good. I’m glad,” Sherlock replied, then opened and closed his mouth, as if there was something more he wanted to say, but didn’t know if he should. Or how to say it.
“She’s brave, and considerate, and kind. She always wants to make sure you feel included in whatever she’s doing. She’s smart and completely fearless. Look at the way she runs into the waves even though she cannot swim yet. No fear.”
She patted her hair with her empty hand, then twisted back around to attach the bauble that she still held in her other hand to the greenery. John bent down to pick up the projectile pinecone and brought it over.
The steps creaked under the weight of a stranger, a cabbie, and Sherlock turned on the spot. Ah, yes. A cabbie. The taxi was clever. Far more clever than he originally thought. His phone pinged with a new text.
A year ago, when he jumped off the roof of Bart’s, a million thoughts buzzed through his mind. While he knew he wasn’t going to die, his body still flooded his system with adrenaline and his brain was unable to stop the deluge of flashing images of the life he lived. Not surprisingly, a lot of those images contained one John Watson. It was his friend’s face he saw when he hit the airbag that would save his life, his breath punched out of him, and his body’s limbs thrown up on the painful impact.
“Of course you do.” Agreed indulgently.
John pulled back a few inches before slowly pushing back in and dying just a bit more.
“This.” One large hand gesticulated wildly between them. “You and me. I don’t know how to do this. I don’t want to mess this up and I think I already have.”
A tether snapped.
“Why did you leave earlier?” John’s voice was soft, questioning, from behind him. Sherlock hesitated a moment before he turned back.
“Oh, no. Not exactly. I invited his ex to lunch,” Sherlock said, and Molly’s frown deepened.
“I need to say this, and honestly, it would be better if you weren’t looking at me while I did.”
But he didn’t believe in miracles. Not anymore.
John’s presence surrounded him in the small bathroom, as heady and potent as the steam that swirled around them, as the warm water that held and caressed his skin. He was solid and real and he was an anchor for Sherlock as he remained adrift in the torrent of his betraying transport and the mind that he relied so heavily upon.
He nodded his understanding, but John continued to stand there looking at him. He arched his brow and the smaller man still said nothing. “Thank you, John. Anything else?” Sherlock eventually asked and John nodded.
John nodded and finding nothing to talk about, sipped his tea.
This, though, was different. There was something familiar about that contact. Something that went beyond the familiarity that would exist between old schoolmates. It was intimate.
“What?” John asked bemusedly.
“I know you didn’t. I never said,” John asserted.
“Piss off.”
Alright. Caffeine, water, paracetamol, toast.
Joy was pawing at him now and John forced himself to steady his breathing as reached out a hand to reassure his dog.
“Why not make the fantasy a reality?” Sherlock asked with a tilt of his head, his eyes locked on him.
Sherlock’s grin turned predatory as he uncrossed his legs and leaned forward. He rose to his feet in front of John and he let his gaze travel up Sherlock’s lean body, the black trousers that clung to his legs, the white silk button-up that had come half untucked as they had made their way through the wine and scotch.
“Ok, hold still,” he said as he picked up his left leg and tried to snake around Sherlock’s outstretched arm for the closest available green circle. He twisted his hips and bumped into Sherlock’s shoulder, who grunted but held his position. Finally, he was able to place his foot down. “Ah ha!” he crowed out in triumph. “Alright, your go.”
John walked in first, shedding his wet coat and toeing off his shoes as he would usually do. He knew Sherlock was behind him doing the exact same thing. As they always did. Nothing needed to change. They could both walk away from this night without embarrassment, he thought, if they wanted to. Continue as they have for the last year, skirting on the edges of something more, something undefinable, and that would be okay. They would still be friends. He took a deep, steadying breath as he made peace with his decision to let this end as every night did.
“Oh, an ‘observant man’, are you? Good to know,” John quickly shot back at him.
“I love it.”
, thought Sherlock, mentally kicking himself.
John’s jaw clenched. He couldn’t exactly deny that there had been a certain thrill in following Sherlock after the whirlwind of seeing the flat for the first time and then being taken to a crime scene, but that didn’t mean that he was going to admit it. It also didn’t mean he was going to be bought and paid for as a spy.
There was another moment of silence before Mycroft’s voice came over the line again.
“Well then you can come along and help me,” he begins as he turns to go back out the door, but then trails off, turning his body and attention back to John. “He?” He asks, and his brows rise slightly in question.
He wasn’t sure why he had started. He really should have known better by then. But, well, sometimes he just really enjoyed a good wank in the shower. Especially after a rather exhilarating chase on foot and the solid tackle of a suspect that his old rugby mates would have been proud of. Adrenaline was still coursing heavily through his veins and he just needed a release. He needed a shower first, though.
The music came to an end when dinner was about half-way finished and Sherlock walked into the kitchen a couple of minutes after.
“Do you want to play a game?”
“Twice, at least.”
“Quite right, Miss Rosie. Please excuse my poor manners.”
“Yeah, she’s alright,” John replied with forced ease.
“Oh. Yes, I see. John?”
“Fifteen. He was my best mate in school. Met when we were 12 and were inseparable. When we were 15 he started going out with this girl, Isabelle, and she was nice enough, I suppose, but I hated her. I kept telling everyone it was because she was taking my friend away and we never got to hang out anymore. Really I was just jealous. She ended up breaking up with him. Some stupid reason that kids break up over for, you know how it is. Anyway. We were in his room after and he was crying about losing the ‘love of his life’, and I just leaned over and kissed him.”
Sherlock let out a sound that sounded almost like a sob as he started to come. Long ropes of come shot out and splattered over his chest and stomach as his back bowed, head thrown back and mouth open on a silent cry. His arse clenched around John and he pulled Sherlock’s hips tighter to him, fucking into him faster.
John went to the door and pulled it open. On the threshold stood Angelo, the owner of the restaurant where they had dinner, and he held out a cane with a large smile on his face.
The kettle clicked and he forced himself up to make the cup of tea that he bothered to come down for, the movements methodical and mindless, and when it was ready he sat back down. Joy shifted her head to rest on his feet and he curled his toes at the warmth that suffused them.
She was completely enamored with the house and garden. The moment her feet touched the ground she took off for the trees that stood in the back of the property without a care in the world. He watched her for a moment, unable to keep the smile from his face as she capered about. When he turned to help with the bags, he found Sherlock staring at him, but he quickly looked away when he caught John’s eye.
“Did John not invite you?” she asked, offended on his behalf.
“John, I want you,” Sherlock spoke over his shoulder.
“How did I do?” he asked, unable to quell his desire to know if all of his deductions had been accurate.
“I didn’t peg you as the kind to fall into bed after a first date,” John teases playfully as he turns his head to look at Sherlock.
“John, please. Be serious.”
He couldn’t have said what was in the sandwich other than bread. He tasted nothing as he chewed and stared at the wall across from him.
Still, they didn’t exactly make them friends. They had been friendly, when Sherlock was there to bring them together in solidarity against his antics, but his loss had left a gap that was just a bit too wide to bridge without a leap that neither man seemed willing to make yet.
Bisexual. Of course! It was always something. Idiot! He never had all of the available data when it came to John, and this piece of information was pivotal in so many of their interactions over the course of their friendship. It had the potential to change everything.
“Oh, no thank you. I will not be wearing those.”
“John,” he breathed out and clever, fantastic, beautiful John understood exactly what he needed.
John realized he was holding his breath as Sherlock held his gaze. He was waiting, and he wasn’t entirely sure for what, but suddenly Sherlock offered a small, almost shy, smile, and John breathed again. They took up their forks and began to tuck into the meal before them as if it was like any other of the hundreds of meals they had shared. Which it was, of course. Just another meal.
Except none of this was manageable.
“You are an army doctor,” Sherlock repeated.
“Rosie’s hungry so I’m going to make us a quick lunch. Thought we might head down to the beach after if you like.”
“Can we go now?!”
“Wait, are you serious?”
After, there were days that John wouldn’t have eaten at all if it hadn’t been for Mrs. Hudson’s constant, well-meaning but incredibly frustrating, meddling. She brought up meals for him regularly. Sandwiches or casseroles that were still hot. Tea. Anything she brought up was already prepared to be eaten so he would have no excuse to not eat.
He was lost in his thoughts for what could have been minutes or hours. It wasn’t until his mobile began to ring that he moved more than an inch since he had first laid down. He didn’t bother looking at the caller ID and merely ignored the ringing. He let it ring out twice more before finally answering it.
He wasn’t sure what Sherlock had in mind. If he saw this being a recurring thing or just this one night.
“Knowing how to make snow from sodium polyacrylate and water is a life lesson for a three year old?”
“I had to do that paperwork for Lestrade,” he forced his voice to sound annoyed at having to supply what should be an obvious answer to his question.
The sound of bells ringing on the telly assaulted his hearing, or perhaps it was just the sound of his blood as it raced through his body, filling his ears, while his heart pounded hard in his chest.
“No, thanks. Nothing in particular. Just wanted to take a look around,” he replied, and the woman nodded.
John let him go after a moment and he stood up. He crossed the room, the cool air causing goosebumps to rise all over his skin, and went into the loo. While he waited for the water from the tap to warm up, he looked at his reflection in the mirror. Curls in complete disarray, chest, and face still flushed, a darkening love bite along his collarbone that should bruise quite nicely. He looked a mess and he absolutely loved it. Visible, physical proof of what he and John had just done was written into his very skin.
“Please eat something, Sherlock,” he called out before he made his way out of the flat.
“Well, my compliments to the chef,” John toasted Sherlock with his second glass of wine as they finished their meal. “Truly, this was fantastic. Thank you.”
“Hardly. I just think your voice puts her to sleep.”
“I think you can. You need to tell him, Sherlock,” she insisted. She glanced at her watch. “I need to head back to the lab. Did you want to come with me?” she asked as she stood up from her chair.
“Really? I say truth and you ask for my favorite color?”
“I need to take her for a walk.”
He wasn’t surprised when he felt the first snowflakes hit his face. At least it wasn’t rain, he supposed.
It had been an impulse decision to wander into the church. He wasn’t sure what drew him in. Perhaps the bells ringing, or the sight of the large stone facade. It sparked a flame of nostalgia in him, and he made his way inside without conscious thought.
There.
Silence.
John sighed as he rubbed his hand down his face. “You’ve seen the news. I’m pretty sure we’re heading towards a quarantine situation.”
“We come home from a case, both high on the adrenaline, the rush, and you can’t keep your hands off me. You grab me. Pull me close to you. You want me and you can’t wait. You drop to your knees as you pull at my belt, my trousers. You don’t even push down my pants before you have your mouth on me.”
“What?”
“You.”
“That’s Polaris. The North star.
Click.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed.
John shrugged and Sherlock mentally cursed him for not rising to the bait of correcting him. He really was learning Sherlock’s tricks of the trade and he felt a mixture of frustrated pride at his friend’s cleverness. John smirked in response to the scowl Sherlock felt move across his features. Damn.
“That’s because she’s wrapped you around her little finger and she knows it.”
John smiled as he chased the last remnants of the dream that was partly memory. The dream had ended before Sherlock had discovered The Woman’s gift, and John had a feeling that if the dream had been allowed to continue, Sherlock never would have found it and The Woman wouldn’t have ruined their celebration with her ill-timed fake death.
John frowned as he watched him eat and Sherlock managed to ignore him for 30 seconds before he huffed and put his spoon down.
John put down the blanket and basket by the door. He’d take them back to Mrs. Hudson after he got a chance to clean them. She would insist not to worry about it, but John still felt flashes of guilt for how much he had abused her generosity and friendship in the weeks and months after Mary had died. Of course, it didn’t hold a flame to the guilt he felt for how he treated Sherlock, especially in that damned morgue. Therapy was helping, though. Sherlock had forgiven him, and most days John believed him, but he still had trouble forgiving himself for what he believed was unforgivable. Sherlock was steady, though. His grace on the matter was constant, even years later, and John was grateful. It gave him hope that maybe he really was forgiven. Maybe he really was worth it.
John tried to ignore the way his heartbeat kicked up in his chest at the thought that he might actually move in with Sherlock. That this could be happening. “You said ‘reconsider’,” Sherlock spoke quietly. “What would you need to reconsider?”
“Perhaps. Why? I didn’t think you liked them.”
Sherlock looked up at him, brow arched in question in a gesture so familiar that John almost forgot how to breathe. It was such a simple gesture, so Sherlock, and he had almost forgotten what it looked like. He could hardly believe he got to see it again. He cleared his throat around the lump that had formed there in the swell of unexpected affection.
Sherlock walks up to him and John is suddenly overwhelmed by his proximity, the warmth of him, the smell of rain and Sherlock’s posh shampoo, as he tips his head back to meet his friend’s gaze as it sweeps over his face and reads everything John cannot hide.
Except now there was an underscore that wasn’t there before. Or perhaps he was simply fooling himself that it hadn’t always been there. He was aware that he had always been attracted to John. His intellect and his dark humour that complemented his own so well. John was reliable, trustworthy, and showed a kindness that Sherlock rarely experienced from anyone, nevermind someone who had more reasons than most to not be kind to him. Someone who knew him better than anyone else in the world and still chose to share a part of his life with him.
heart nearly broke at how small he sounded.
“Just up here, darling,” he called and she looked up at the sound of his voice.
John had been sitting on his chair while Sherlock played Christmas songs on his violin to appease Mrs. Hudson, his lean form straight and strong, the colored fairly lights of the tree lighting him, his arms lovingly crading the instrument he so loved. Sherlock would do anything for Mrs. Hudson, no matter what fuss he made about it before doing whatever she asked. Other than the wear the antlers, that was.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock replied as he took a sip from his own glass.
“She can wait. There’s a pattern here that I’m missing.”
“Probably for the best. I’d be the size of Mycroft by now if you had,” Sherlock responded.
“And frankly a bloody awful cabbie,” John justified.
“Do I have to help you pack?” Sherlock asked.
“Archenemy, actually. He does like to be dramatic,” the man replied and John snorted.
He could feel himself edging on panic. Had he just messed up the best relationship of his life by assigning romantic intentions when there weren’t any?
John was nearly incandescent with happiness at that prospect.
Instead of focusing on that, he switched tactics. John was nervous about the personal aspect between them. He would focus on the Work, instead. Impress upon John how important he was to the cases and to the people they had helped.
“You aren’t gay.”
He followed her as she trotted down the stairs and went to stand expectedly at the door to wait for John to put her leash on. She was such a well behaved dog that John really thought she must have belonged to someone before he found her. She had clearly had some kind of training, but he never had a call from the vet, and he had never seen any missing dog flyers.
John wouldn’t push. Not on this. He would simply wait. And if Sherlock never wanted to talk about it, John would let it go.
Sherlock had loved Mrs. Hudson’s baking. He would have loved these biscuits.
He briefly considered what to do about the bag. In the past, he would have yelled at Sherlock for putting that in the fridge. At the moment though, he didn’t feel like yelling. He almost felt like laughing. Whether from joy or amusement or insanity, he wasn’t sure. In the end, he just set to work making mushroom risotto for dinner.
“Sherlock texted me. You left this,” he said as John took the cane from him in shock. Angelo tossed a wink at Sherlock before he left.
The door opened in silent demand and John hesitated several moments before he took one more deep, angry breath through his nose and climbed into the back of the car, slamming the door behind himself, before turning to look at the man sitting beside him.
_____
He made his way back to the loo and carelessly applied a curling product to his hair because it would be absolutely dreadful to deal with if he didn’t do it while it was still damp. When he was finishing up he heard Mrs. Hudson’s tell-tale stride up the stairs, and a moment later it was confirmed by a sharp tap and a “yoo hoo!” as she announced her presence.
John looked up at him, his brow furrowed slightly as an emotion crossed his features that Sherlock couldn’t name, but then he looked down at his tea, and Sherlock wondered what he had missed.
At some point during their discussion, Sherlock heard the downstairs door open and the familiar gait of John climbing the stairs. He saw the doctor come in and head straight to the kitchen, his arms full of bags from the grocer.
“Hmm.”
“Perfect. Red if you find one, but white would be fine.”
“You know how they don’t leave notes? This one did,” the stranger replied without any further information. “Will you come?”
“Yes, of course, I trust you.”
“John?”
Later, when his arms were wrapped around Sherlock as they breathed together, he thought back to how he once looked forward to showers alone. He had actually thought about locking the door to keep Sherlock out, at one point. What a foolish thought. He couldn’t have kept Sherlock out of his shower any more than he could have kept Sherlock out of his heart.
“Was that necessary?” Sherlock asked and John smiled.
The sound of the rings sliding against the metal rod that held the shower curtain up cut through his thoughts, as did the unexpected gust of colder air. He turned and blinked in shocked surprise as a very naked consulting detective strode into the shower behind him.
They looked at each other and grinned.
The problem, though, was that Joy had decided that since John was no longer giving her attention, she would go to someone who would, and hallucinations weren’t supposed to be able to interact with people’s dogs, and that one was.
“I had to do it. He threatened Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.”
“Oh, um, actually I ended up just getting takeaway. Alex was called into work and had to leave,” John answered, but Sherlock saw the flex of his fingers and the way his eyes darted away before he looked down at the table. John was anxious about something, but he had no idea what about.
“I understand, John. I’m just asking for forgiveness. I’ll understand if you can’t trust me again, but I am truly sorry,” Sherlock apologized, sincerity clear in his voice.
“Oh. Which one?” he asked, interest getting the best of him.
“Want to see some more?” Sherlock asked, and John swore the man’s eyes sparkled.
“Because you didn’t want people thinking we were together,” Sherlock said quietly as he observed him.
How on earth had Mrs. Hudson managed to get a tree in his flat without him noticing? And what time did she do it? Was it there when he came in last night? Just how out of it was he? There was no way she did it by herself, not with her hip. She must have paid someone to bring it up.
“You need my help. So you just thought you’d show up in my home after two years. Two years, Sherlock.”
Martha made her way downstairs after the breakfast John had made to give the little family some time together to enjoy their Christmas morning. Rosie had been happily playing with her new doll over by the tree and the boys were drinking their tea and speaking softly to one another when she had left them.
Thanks for reading!
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully. It made sense, he supposed. It didn’t completely answer his question on why he never dated a man, though, and he craved answers. He set that one question aside for something else, though.
“Relationships, though,” he continued with a shake of his head. “I’ve only had one relationship with a woman that involved any kind of real emotional attachment. My other two relationships were with men. My last two, actually. Alex, and after him, James. We were in the army together,” he explained as Sherlock’s brow arched up at the mention of James. John watched him for a moment as he worried his bottom lip between his teeth. Then he took a deep breath and spoke again. “I only went out with women because I knew it most likely wouldn’t develop into anything more than sex. And for the record, I was always clear about that upfront.”
“Come up here,” Sherlock says, and John stares in appreciation for a moment before crawling up over Sherlock’s body, his knees bracketing his hips and his hands over his shoulders as he leans over him before claiming his mouth in a kiss, tongues meeting and sliding against each other. Sherlock’s arms came up and pulled him down to cover his body, and they both shivered at the sudden warmth and contact.
This one was going to be no different. He could tell by the gleam in Sherlock’s eye that John would not be getting out of whatever hairbrained idea he had in mind. He also knew that he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself if Sherlock managed to get himself hurt and John hadn’t been there.
“You’re thinking a lot about this,” John said, holding back his smile.
“No, a different ex. An ex from before we met. From university. They’re out having lunch now,” Sherlock explained and Molly frowned.
Sherlock pulls away this time for breath, and John feels the absence of his mouth acutely. Their eyes meet, and Sherlock’s lips quirked up as he reaches out and begins to unbutton John’s suit jacket, then pushes it off his shoulders and tossed it next to his on the couch.
“Thank you, Molly. I owe you one,” he promised, and Molly waved his thanks away as she turned back to her work. John made his way out of the hospital and off to his next destination.
“Must I? I’ve always seen the way you look at me, but it appears I didn’t observe.”
John came back down the stairs and into the kitchen. Sherlock heard him quietly bustling around and a few minutes later he came into the living room with two mugs and passed one to Sherlock.
“I’m just going to get something to clean us up,” he said after he pulled away from his lips.
“Of course, if you want me to stop, I will,” John said before he moved to take Sherlock’s other nipple in his mouth.
Unfortunately, it hadn’t made any difference.
John made his way onto the bed and swatted a gentle hand on Sherlock’s arse. “Cheeky. Lube?”
Greg stood and John stood to follow him to the flat door. He offered his hand and Greg took it in a firm shake before heading down the stairs. John watched him and called out before Greg rounded the corner.
Luckily, it seemed to work. Sherlock scoffed, rolled his eyes, then promptly sat at the foot of the bed.
“Yes, we’re out of milk,” he informed him and John stared at him.
Mostly, though, it was just nice sweeping the proverbial rug out from under Mycroft. John just needed to move in and Sherlock wouldn’t have to deal with a spy in his own home, in any form. Mycroft was so used to having control over a situation, and here stood an invalided army doctor that refused to back down on his moral principles. A knight in shining armor. He was just missing the white horse.
Sherlock is pulling him forward as he walks them backwards towards the bed, and when his knees hit, Sherlock sits down without breaking the kiss, and John’s hands move to cup his face again, his fingers pushing into thick curls. Sherlock’s hands move to John’s hips, fingers dipping into the waistband of his trousers, before moving to pop the button on the top. John’s breath catches as those skillful fingers tug down the zipper and John pulls back from the kiss to look down into Sherlock’s eyes.
John sighed and turned back to the kitchen. The rooms were clear of the smoke, but the smell was still rather strong even with the open windows. It would clear out soon enough. He stepped into the kitchen and went to clean the burnt food off the pan and make sure the oven was turned off. When he was done with the pan he grabbed his coat and headed down to Mrs. Hudson’s. She answered after the first knock.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about. I don’t even understand how it’s humanly possible to do that.”
It really wasn’t the most intelligent use of his pension money, or his little bit of savings, but he couldn’t regret the decision. He had needed to get out of London, and he did. Surreal or not, he was actually content. It was an odd and unfamiliar feeling. He hadn’t felt content for months, not since before he was shot, and even before then he might hesitate to say he was content. He had loved serving as a doctor in the RAMC. It was everything he had wanted, but even then, he had felt like his life was still missing something.
John mentally shook his head at himself and pushed out all thoughts beyond spending time with his daughter and his best friend without any other responsibilities. He had a whole day of blue skies, sun, beach, waves, and then ice cream in front of him.
“Stop, stop. We can’t giggle at a crime scene,” John admonished amidst his own stifled laughter.
“Two months.”
John thought for a moment. He didn’t feel like playing any board games. “Truth or dare?”
“Well, I certainly hope not. I’m nowhere near done with you, John,” he spoke softly as John passed, and John turned to him for a moment, unsure what to make of the comment. He settled for a quiet huff, a non-answer, and a small smile, then went after Rosie who had already let herself into the flat.
“So, I met a friend of yours,” he began casually, and Sherlock’s eyes flew open to look at him.
“I like this suit on you,” he says, his voice playfully teasing, and John smiles at him.
Sherlock never minded all the eating out or microwave meals. He ate whatever John put in front of him, when he could be bothered to eat, and he passed his card over to whatever server brought them their bill without a care.
John crossed quickly to the window and peered out, quickly finding the top of Rosie’s curly blonde head as she poked about the garden flowers.
John didn’t know what to say to that. Sherlock was expecting this? Sherlock had wanted this to happen? Had even gone shopping for supplies?
“So you say. And yet, there were still eyeballs. In your microwave,” John said with a small smirk that he hid behind the tea mug he sipped from.
Were they still friends? Could they be?
Sherlock’s back arched up off the bed as John’s cock slipped into him and John held back a cry as he felt that tight clench of blissful  heat surround the head of his prick.
John quickly set his empty glass down on the table and turned to look at Sherlock again. Blood was rushing through his ears and he suddenly felt too warm. The atmosphere around the two of them on the bench was charged, or at least it felt that way to John. Did Sherlock feel it as well? Or was he nervous about something else? Was John reading too far into what Sherlock hadn’t yet said?
“First of all, yes it is. And secondly, yes it is.”
“A few months ago,” he said instead because it was true.
The grey stones were cool under his fingers as he let his hand drag along the wall  as he walked further in. He stepped up to the railing and looked down into the center and the labyrinth that lay underneath. He heard the murmurings of other tourists around him, but he didn’t understand the language they were speaking, so it was easy to ignore the noise. He let his eyes wander up and take in the upper levels of the structure, and he began walking around to take in more.
“Are you sure?” Alex challenged. “It seems like he might…”
Chest tight, he pressed the heels of his palms hard into his eyes, until he saw bursts of lights and color behind the closed lids. He threw his legs down off the chair and quickly kicked off his shoes then peeled off his socks, tossing them to the floor before standing and walking into his bedroom.
“John, I’m not sure how to do this.”
, he wanted to say.
Sherlock smiled as his free hand came up to cup John’s cheek, his long fingers curling around the back of his head.
“Was there something you needed, Sherlock?” he asked, and the man appeared to blink back to consciousness and met John’s gaze in the mirror.
It was clean. All of it. The counters, the table, the dishes.
Missing funds weren’t very interesting to Sherlock. The case was barely a one, most likely, and Sherlock was terribly tempted to just tell the man to leave and let the police handle it. However, he was bored and rather than have John yell at him whenever he returned by getting up to something else, he decided to listen to this Alexander Campbell and took on the case.
Sherlock shifted his stance, and John noted once again how carefully he was holding his weight.
When Sherlock didn’t respond, John took a deep breath and centered himself for the conversation they were about to delve into.
“I think we both know the answer to that question, John.”
“Chocolate?” she asked, crumbs flying everywhere and her mouth full of pastry.
“I know children taller than you.”
Lestrade was sitting in his chair, as comfortable as he could possibly be, the pink suitcase on the table beside him.
Lestrade glanced at him with a quick, concerned look, but let the matter go. “This way,” he said, turning to walk down a small hallway and Sherlock followed him.
“Yes, actually. I got some new board games and books. I found a great book on apiary techniques from the 18th century.”
John frowned, hard.
Dark blue eyes locked on his intently and Sherlock made himself maintain that gaze. He needed to know. Both of John’s hands tightened into fists which he then shook out with irritation. Not anger. He was nervous. Whatever it was, he was nervous about saying it or nervous about how it would be received. He shook his head again as he pulled away from their locked gaze, then looked up at the ceiling.
And despite everything they went through, all the heartache and anger and his brief marriage to a bloody assassin, and then the somehow miraculous addition of Rosie to their lives, his love had only continued to grow.
Toasted muffin and ham with a velvety poached egg smothered in made-from-scratch hollandaise sauce.
John knows.
“What do you think I’m thinking about, then?”
“What did you two have for breakfast this morning?”
Sherlock could hear the music coming from 221B as he climbed the seventeen steps up to the flat, his feet automatically finding the familiar grooves and skipping the squeaky third, ninth, and fourteenth step. John often played music when Sherlock was out. He claimed it was because it allowed him to listen to his preferred music without Sherlock critiquing his choices, and Sherlock graciously accepted the truth in that, but he knew it wasn’t the whole reason. To be honest, he wasn’t entirely sure if John realized that wasn’t the whole reason, either.
He wasn’t sure how much time passed. Minutes, hours, seconds, days.
John thought about it, then shook his head. “Not tonight. We’ll tell them soon, though.”
“Do you think you’ll be seeing him again?”
“Yes you do.”
“Maybe we can get chocolate later,” Sherlock told her as he handed her the muffin, which she grabbed and took a huge bite of.
“You…,” Sherlock stopped. Blinked, then started again. “We’re your family.”
They ate in silence except for the occasional remark of how good a certain bite was, how the wine was a perfect choice, how the rice was cooked exactly right. It seemed that John always had a compliment to give, and Sherlock accepted each one with a shyness that surprised him.
“I’ll get it ready for you,” he said and made his way into the bathroom.
Rosie pouted, but as John set a plate of toast, liberally spread with butter and jam, and bacon on a plate for her, she climbed atop her usual chair and tucked in.
“No, I meant you have to go first. I’ll ask you truth or dare. So. Truth or dare?”
He gasped, took in a great lungful of oxygen, stared into the silvery eyes that were focused so intently on him. Eyes that read everything, saw everything, and now seemed to finally see John, all of John, and accepted what he saw there.
“Get those in the fridge soon,” she said and then made her way out.
John walked aimlessly, his body working on instinct alone as he put as much distance as he could between his thoughts and the man sitting in their flat. His flat. The flat they used to share, and then John lived and grieved in alone for 2 years, and now were apparently sharing again because John offered Sherlock his room back without a thought.
“Lolly has one for you.”
He hated this small space. Its stale beige walls were suffocating and dull. It was the exact opposite of Baker Street, with its clutter and wallpaper. It stood as a counterweight against everything that John was, and it was past time for these four walls to give up their hold on the doctor. John belonged in Baker Street and very soon that’s where he would be. With Sherlock.
“Work that bad, then?” Mrs. Hudson’s voice suddenly filtered out of his kitchen and John swore loudly.
They were silent for a while, each lost in their own thoughts.
Perhaps getting out for a night would do good for him. Probably not, but again, it wasn’t as if he had anything waiting for him back at the flat beyond a plate of whatever meal Mrs. Hudson had cooked up for herself that night and put in his fridge for him to heat up when he got home.
“The most dangerous man you’ll ever meet and not our problem at the moment,” he answered decisively.
“Yeah?”
“John! You scared me!”
Unbidden images of John sexually satisfying men then assaulted him, and it took far more self-control than he liked to rid the images from his mind again. It would have been far too easy to insert himself in those mental images and in the middle of a coffee shop was neither the time nor place for such thinking.
He pulled out his phone in an attempt to keep his hands busy. He had been sitting here for nearly an hour now. He had noticed, though he tried not to, the occasional glances from other patrons that had come in at the same time he had. Pity and “poor sod” were clear in all of those glances, as it appeared that John had been stood up.
“I want to ride you,” John breathed out into his ear and he felt Sherlock’s cock jump against his own. He pulled back to look down at his husband.
John opened the cap and slicked his fingers, then looked down at him. He leaned forward and kissed the inside of Sherlock’s knee while his hand went down, fingers tracing down his cock, down his bollocks, then further. Sherlock shivered at the sensation of John’s finger pressed against his entrance. When John gently pushed inside, Sherlock’s head fell back against the pillow.
“You need to tell him, John.”
“John. It’s perfect. We can drive down Friday morning, spend the weekend there, and drive back on Monday. If it’s going to be this hot we might as well enjoy it properly. Besides, look at how excited Rosie is,” Sherlock drawled with a hint of a smirk on his lips as Rosie turned to look at him as well. Sherlock whispered in her ear again and she nodded enthusiastically before he placed her down and she ran up to him.
“I’m sorry,” John apologized again.
“Oh, er. I just wanted to say thank you, again, for putting this together. Rosie had a great time, as you know, but I really enjoyed myself as well. This was nice. Just... spending time together.”
“No. Not a case. I was just out dancing,” he said, and that seemed to get John’s attention enough that he looked up from his book.
“There’s no rule book. It’s just a game.”
John looked up when Sherlock entered. “You were out late. Did Greg finally manage to force you to complete all that paperwork?”
His breathing had steadied once again. His heart no longer crashed against his breastbone. His eyes no longer shed uncontrollable tears, though they still felt red and dry.
John jumped up from his chair and took several steps away from Sherlock to the middle of the room. His hand rubbed at the back of his neck, fingernails scratching at the skin in nervous energy, and Sherlock forced himself to remain completely still.
“Of course it was.”
“See? You’re already a responsible pet owner.”
Thank you for reading! 💜💜💜
They both gasped at the sudden touch, which turned into a groan as they pulled each other
Drugs. Lying. Hiding. Moriarty. Jumping off a roof. Serbia. A damned drawn on mustache.
“Why did he do it?”
“Fuck,” Sherlock breathed out and John groaned at the sound of the explictive in that posh voice.
Mrs. Hudson’s eyebrows rose at the question. “Was he not? He looked so similar to the others I just assumed I suppose,” she gabbed and Sherlock cut her off again.
Sherlock stepped up next to him, holding out a thermos and a paper bag. John took the thermos and took a careful sip, the scent of freshly brewed coffee wafting from the lid before the first amazing taste of high quality beans hit his tongue and he hummed in appreciation. “Ta, this is fantastic.”
When Mary’s past came creeping up on them and she killed Sherlock, no matter how briefly, John became numb. The woman he had told himself he loved, who was pregnant with their child, had shot his best friend. He had almost lost Sherlock again. And Sherlock kept trying to defend her, which John never could understand. He went back to her because Sherlock insisted that he needed to be there for Mary and the baby. But he went back mostly because a large part of him was terrified that Mary would kill Sherlock if he did not return to her. She was dangerous and he couldn’t chance her taking off with their child or finishing off Sherlock. He went back to his lying, murderous wife for Sherlock, and didn’t that just speak volumes?
“She’ll be fine. We’re watching her and the tide is pretty calm,” he nodded his chin towards his daughter where she stood meters away from the surf to hunt for her new treasures.
Earl Grey. A mixture of colognes and perfumes. Cigar smoke. Gasoline. Cold air. Lemon verbena shampoo.
“I can’t thank you both enough for everything you did. This really means...you saved the clinic. You really did.” Alex. John must have invited him to come over while Sherlock was out.
The man appeared to find the page he was looking for. “‘An intermittent tremor in hand as a result of PTSD’,” the man read out before he looked back up at John. “Your hand has been completely still the entire time we’ve been here. You aren’t afraid,” he said.
“Condom?”
“But I need to know the answer.”
Ha! Mycroft tried to sink his claws into John Watson and the man shook him off. That was fantastic! He could just imagine the look on Mycroft’s face when John had rejected his offer of money, and he was almost sad he missed the exchange. Yes, there was definitely more to John than met the eye. He needed him to move in!
John blinked in reply. He usually did the planning for these kinds of things, and for Sherlock to have not only planned, but have put all those plans in motion, was a bit of a shock.
“Of course. She usually does, though I’m not sure how much longer she will be keeping her nap. I believe she’s on the tail end of taking one.”
John took one look at Sherlock’s wet hair, the curls nearly straight and a lot longer than John would have suspected, and couldn’t help the bubble of laughter that escaped. He felt giddy, lighter than air. Sherlock’s eyes immediately crinkled in response, his low chuckle joining in a moment later. John took a step closer to him, one hand lifting to brush the wet hair from Sherlock’s aqua green eyes, and pushed up on his toes to press a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock smiled, a small and shy thing that John adored.
“Why is that?”
“Well I didn’t want to get in the way of anything...happening,” Sherlock explained and John gave a sharp bark of laughter.
Sherlock sighed at the intrusion, his skin erupting in goosepimples, and John carefully slid his fingers out and then back in once more. He watched in fascination as Sherlock’s spent cock twitched in interest. Oh, he wanted Sherlock in his mouth again, and he had just come.
Somehow, John wasn’t surprised when he found himself outside the wrought iron gates that marked the entrance to the graveyard where an empty box laid in a hole in the ground.
“Put what where?”
“I have something for you. Something I thought you might like to have.”
Sherlock was laid out on the couch in his traditional thinking pose, fingers steepled beneath his chin, but there was one major difference. Joy, her head resting under Sherlock’s hands, and her tail wagging lazily, was stretched out atop him and John blinked at the strange sight.
“Oh God,” he uttered, and Sherlock smirked.
A doctor, judging by his comment when he entered the room with Mike. But oh, not just a doctor, an army doctor. One that was recently invalided home, which went some way towards explaining why the man would be in need of a flatshare, to begin with. All the signs were there for Sherlock to read off of him. The man was a walking children’s picture book to Sherlock’s eye with his military haircut, tan lines, and a cane for an obviously psychosomatic limp.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he said, and instead of struggling with a blanket and a window at the same time, he quickly headed up the stairs to get dressed for the day.
Once outside, he took a few more photos with his camera, walking around the perimeter and taking photos at different angles. He wasn’t sure why he was bothering to take that many as he most likely wouldn’t bother to ever print them, but he wanted to remember this trip, and pictures seemed as good a way to remember as any other. Well, he did have his laptop. Maybe he would write up his little adventure on the blog that his therapist kept insisting he should write and he kept insisting would be an utter waste of time as he had absolutely nothing to write about.
He stopped walking, leaning lightly on his cane on the sidewalk outside the Colosseum, and pulled his mobile out of his pocket to check the time. He had just made the decision to start heading towards a small cafe he saw on his walk to the amphitheater when he saw a flash of something dark in his peripheral vision, and then an arm was suddenly draped over his shoulders.
“Of course. Watson is worse than you when she’s hungry and I have a feeling we’ll be out for a while. Thought it would be better to be prepared.”
John nodded thoughtfully. Well, that answered that question at least.
John's brows rose and he wondered what Mycroft thought that could be.
What a marvel John Watson was.
John sighed internally, a smile on his face externally, as he finally gave in and talked to the nurse, Mary, her name was, for several minutes, in the hopes that giving her some of the attention she seemed desperate for would allow him to enjoy the rest of the evening in relative peace.
“No need. It was an accident,” he announced.
“You cook?” she cut him off in surprise, and John wasn’t sure whether to be offended by the tone of her voice or not.
Sherlock watched him for a moment, mind racing. That was unexpected, both the conversation and the physical displays of interest. His stomach gave a somewhat pleasant flip, but he ignored it and pushed the feeling down. He needed John to share the flat and entering into any kind of romantic relationship would bury any chances of that happening. He didn’t exactly have a stellar track record for relationships, and as intriguing as John was, now was not the time to test it. No. Better to nip this in the bud before it escalated.
“How did you get in here, anyway?”
“‘We’ don’t need to do anything. ‘We’ aren’t doing anything right now. You are going to talk with her because she deserves more than you ignoring her. You have no idea what she’s been through.”
So, he had left, dog in arms, and carried her the five blocks back to the flat.
“It’s hideous.”
He didn’t sleep that night. There were too many boxes to unload and he needed to set up his bedroom before he could even think about sleeping in there. He’s fairly sure he did pass out at some point on the soft leather sofa that he had pushed against the wall, but that didn’t really count.
When he forced his eyes back to Sherlock’s, he saw that Sherlock read every thought he had had the way he used to. He wasn’t completely convinced that Sherlock wasn’t able to read his mind, actually. The man wasn’t a mind-reader, in general. Just a John-reader.
Sherlock was silent, and John held his gaze for several moments.
“About the case?” John asked, all innocent curiosity, and Sherlock felt a flicker of guilt.
“What club? Did we get a new case?” John questioned him without looking up.
He turned in his chair to fully face John. John was still facing the door that Alex had left through. He had every intention to say that he would take the case for John’s friend if that’s what he wanted. That was exactly what he planned to say. Unfortunately, it was not at all what actually came out of his mouth.
“Sherlock…,” he started, then stopped when the man shook his head, dark curls bouncing gently.
“No matter,” he waved a hand dismissively. “How was your date?”
“So you’ve said,” Sherlock replied as he pulled himself to a sitting position. His brother never repeated himself. Ever.
“Me as well. We never do things the easy way though, do we? God, we’re a couple of idiots.”
“Yeah, just um, text me if you need help with anything for Alex’s case. I only have a half shift, so I'll be off at 1.”
John looked down at him with a soft frown and his ocean blue eyes. “You should have called me,” he said gently. There was no accusation or anger. Just the simple statement. A reminder.
Sherlock’s eyes opened and his eyes flashed silver in the flames of the fire as he looked at John. Observed John.
“John, John, stop, I need…” he nearly begged and John understood. He pulled off with a pop, then placed a kiss on the tip of his cock. Sherlock stared down at him for a moment as his hands carded through the short strands of silver and sand hair, and John smiled at him. Then he stood and removed his own trousers and pants without ceremony, and Sherlock took a moment to soak in the sight.
So he sat, or rather stood, between people he didn’t know and kind of hated them, and the Tube, and a little bit himself, as well.
He watched Sherlock’s shadow throw a hand up dramatically. Could envision the pointing finger. “I know you heard me! I’m giving you one more minute to get out, or I’m flushing the toilet,” he threatened.
When he got back to the flat he pulled down his book of flowers and meanings. After several minutes of searching through pages, he finally found the one he was searching for. A yellow marguerite.
John didn’t see any reason to respond to that. Mycroft knew, obviously. He knew where Sherlock was sleeping and he knew where Sherlock had been for the past two years. He knew John visited his grave and he had to know that John would have given everything up, to have been able to follow Sherlock where he went. To protect him and watch his back.
“Yes, where he then left me. As you can see I’m barely able to keep up with him,” he tapped his cane viciously against the side of his shoe to indicate his obvious limp and bum leg. “All I did was look at the flat and follow him when he asked. I have no idea where he is now or what he’s doing, so if we’re done here,” John began to turn his back on the man to walk away, but the man spoke up before he could complete the turn.
Then, “What about you, Alex? Are you seeing anyone these days?” John asked and Sherlock couldn’t tell if the question was John being polite, John trying to turn the subject away from his relationship or lack of relationship, or whether John wanted to know if Alex was still available for far more personal reasons. He hated not knowing. And he hated how it made him feel. He already knew Alex wasn’t in a relationship and he could clearly see the interest he still had in John. He couldn’t stand there anymore and listen to this conversation. Couldn’t stand to hear John’s voice ask Alex to dinner or a movie or some other insipid “date” type venue when his previous boyfriend confirmed that he wasn’t seeing anyone. Even though this had been his plan, to bring John and Alex back together, he couldn’t bear to be a witness to it.
“You are ridiculous.”
It was then that the door swung open and Sherlock ambled in without a care in the world.
“I guess I really did the unexpected tonight then,” John smiled and Sherlock’s return smile was dazzling.
“John. I did what I did to save you. Every choice I made after, every road I chose to follow, it was with the intention to make it back to London. To make it back to you.”
“Now the interesting questions are why you’re thinking about sex. That’s easy. You’re a very physical man with an abundant sexual appetite. You haven’t been with anyone in...three months. You’re not desperate for it, but you are craving it.”
Sherlock returned the smile and John’s chest clenched at the sight of it. He watched as the taller man settled himself under the duvet and carefully wrapped around Rosie so that he could face John. They watched each other silently for several minutes while Rosie’s breathing evened out between them as she settled to sleep and the thunder rolled in the distance over the water.
The sound of teacups being lifted and sipped from filled the moment of silence before Alex spoke again.
Sherlock watched his best friend. His eyes scanned over him, reading everything that he always did, but suddenly seeing more than he had before. It was always something, wasn’t it?
“John, are you happy?” he suddenly asked and he watched as John seemed to deflate and his face paled. He saw as John realized he had heard more than he had originally thought.
“Putting an end to it all.”
Once in his room, he picked out a dark suit and blue button-down and dressed himself as he forced his mind to turn to the actual case. Alex had provided Sherlock with all manner of information that he thought might be relevant to his case, and he felt fairly positive it would be an easy problem to solve.
As they began to make their way towards a taxi and an excellent Chinese restaurant that stayed open late, a familiar and cursed black car idled near the end of the police circle and John reached out a hand to warn him it was the man who had kidnapped him earlier.
He opened his eyes and was surprised by how the light had changed in the room. Apparently, he had been in his mind palace for hours. The aroma of Chinese takeaway filled the flat and his gaze shifted to the table in front of him where John had left a plate for him. He couldn’t help the smile that crossed his face as he took in the potstickers. Pork, of course.
“Dinner?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have more in common than you like to believe. This petty feud between us is childish. People will suffer. You know how it always upset Mummy.”
“God, no. I’m just...”John paused before he continued, trying to figure out what he wanted to say. “I just didn’t think I made any real difference in your work,” he finished simply.
“I just did my dare.”
“That’s another question. You only get one,” John evaded smoothly.
He had no other family to visit whether he wanted to or not and the list of friend’s that he would spend any kind of time with during Christmas was exactly one, now that he wasn’t dead. Well, and Joy, of course.
“He felt responsible for us.”
in Sherlock’s rich baritone and Rosie’s higher voice.
“Sherlock, what were you thinking?” John grumbled as he cleaned the cut over Sherlock’s eye.
“I wanted to,” Sherlock spoke carefully. With more care than John could ever recall him speaking with before.
He could feel as Sherlock’s attention shifted to him. Felt the cushion decompress as the detective shifted closer to him on the back seat. John turned to look at him, to take in the face that had become so familiar and synonymous with “home” and “safe” and “friend” to him since his return to London. He smiled at his friend and didn’t bother to hide the fondness behind it. Sherlock was his friend, and he was more than allowed to be fond of him.
“No.”
Sherlock spun to face him so quickly from where he had been facing the sofa that he felt his hair whip across his forehead.
“I love you,” he stated, his voice strong and sure because Sherlock deserved more than timid declarations of love. If he was reading the entire situation wrong, then so be it. He wouldn’t be ashamed of his feelings.
He felt less alone in the kitchen. Sometimes, he would almost swear he saw Sherlock sitting at the table looking through his microscope, but then he would turn and remember that Sherlock was dead and the microscope was sitting in its box in Sherlock’s room, gathering dust along with everything else.
“This is going to sound fucked up,” he began, and Sherlock could hear the hint of self-loathing in his voice, “but I’ll be honest.”
“Your breathing has accelerated and you keep fidgeting your feet.”
John somehow managed to hold himself over Sherlock, but that wouldn’t do, and Sherlock grabbed onto him and pulled him against him, ignoring the sticky mess of his release and the sweat of their bodies as it mingled on their heated skin. He delighted in the feel of their accelerated heart rates beating against each other. His arms tightened around John, and John let his body press him further into the mattress, his lips against Sherlock’s throat in a half-kiss.
John just shook his head with a half-smirk on his face. Sherlock scowled at him, and John laughed outright.
With that she stood up, her bad hip giving a rather loud pop that had her groan, but she batted Sherlock’s hand away when he went to help her. “No no, I’m fine. The chair is just low to get out of. You stay there and drink your tea. Do you have any laundry that needs to be done? Just this once, mind,” she offered. Sherlock briefly thought of the towel and sheet that were still lying on the floor of the loo, but he shook his head. He’d handle it himself. Mrs. Hudson had done far more for him today than she had realized.
Music from the radio filled his otherwise quiet kitchen as John sat in one of the kitchen chairs. Joy was curled up around his feet, keeping them delightfully warm with her thick fur coat. A cup of tea sat half-drunk at his elbow.
But then John said “no” to taking the flatshare. Why would he say “no”? Why did he continue to say no?
“It turns out there’s room for more than just the work in my life,” Sherlock stated plainly and John bit his lip to hold back his grin, but it was a wasted effort.
“Well, sure, but what kind?”
John shook his head and chuckled softly to himself as he stood up and followed after Sherlock, just like he had done since the day he had met him. John watched Sherlock’s back and kept him safe. Sherlock gave John a purpose and watched his back, too.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice was low, throaty, and Sherlock savored how breathless he sounded. He had done that to him with just his mouth and hands. Already John sounded ravished and they had only just begun.
The Tube was significantly behind schedule, some mechanical issue, and by the time he had finally made it off the platform at a stop that three away from his destination, he was already late for his first patient. The mobile reception underground was complete shite, so he hadn’t even been able to call into work to let them know he was late and on his way.
When Mary and he danced while Sherlock played the song he had composed specifically for them, John couldn’t help the thought that maybe, just maybe, he should end the whole thing now. Have the marriage annulled. He felt guilty for those thoughts, but they were circling his head as he and Mary circled the dance floor. Then Sherlock deduced one more thing than he meant to, and it changed everything.
And he really couldn’t help it. He let out a string of deductions about John. Explained how he knew he was a soldier, a doctor, his psychosomatic limp, his therapist, and his alcoholic brother who had left his wife.
“But you left.”
“Sherlock, look. I’m more than happy to come and help out with your cases. I really am. But I don’t need to live here to make that happen.”
“You could have told me. A word. One word from you, Sherlock, that’s all I would have needed.”
“Chocolate biscuits.” A beat. “It’s Christmas, John!"
John shook his head with a smile
“I think we’re well past the time for talking. I have nothing to say to you.”
“I know it’s fine,” he replied.
Sherlock moaned beneath him, pushing up into his mouth, and John pulled away to blow across the sensitive flesh.
“I know. I wasn’t expecting a deviation from that. Especially not tonight. Not really ever, if I’m going to be honest.”
John closed his eyes, unable to look at Sherlock for a moment. He had never thought he would hear those words from him. When he opened his eyes again, Sherlock’s sharp silver gaze was on him. He flicked them up, and John followed, then laughed.
“This is Joy,” John replied as he forced his feet forward.
It was raining by the time they left the restaurant, full of delicious wine and dessert they had shared. Sherlock flipped the collar of his coat up, eyes cutting across to John, and John couldn’t help the smile that comes to his face at the look.
Coffee between co-workers, then. John didn’t think he wanted to count it as yet another failed date.
“Well, it is Shakespeare.”
Sherlock had taught her the song. He had been singing it to her since she was 3 or 4 months old. John had come home early from the clinic one afternoon and when he got up the stairs, he didn’t see his friend or his daughter. Just when he was about to head downstairs to see if Mrs. Hudson had her while Sherlock went God-only-knew-where, he had heard singing and the sound of feet pacing on the floor above him. In his bedroom. He had climbed the stairs to his room carefully, the voice getting louder but still soft. When he reached the top and peeked around the open door, he saw them.
“Mrs. Hudson moved it last night after she brought in the food. I think she thought there was a better chance we’d find ourselves standing together here.”
“Hmm.” He agreed.
With that, his brother hung up and Sherlock tossed his phone on the table. Well. That was fascinating. It appeared his brother was willing to overlook the fact that John hadn’t actually signed the lease.
“I like the mistletoe.”
“I like the actor that’s in the pornography, though.”
“Seriously?” he asked as another giggle escaped him and Sherlock turned to look at him with a smile.
“I can’t believe this. How are you here?”
“Sherlock. That doesn’t even make sense.”
“Fine. We’ll cut it down the middle and say she’s both of us.”
He quickly wetted down a flannel once the water was warm and cleaned his stomach with perfunctory proficiency before he went back to the bedroom. The sight of John Watson laid stretched out on his bed looking completely debauched and thoroughly ravished was the most beautiful he had ever seen. He crossed over to him and gently cleaned him with the flannel while John watched him with a small smile on his face.
“Excellent plan, John. Come along, Watson. Let’s see what we can find,” Sherlock agreed before turning to leave with a smile and wink dropped over his shoulder, and Rosie trailing behind with Ice Cream snug in her little fist.
While they were out, John prepared the lasagna that was in the fridge for their dinner. It was something both Sherlock and Rosie would eat without complaint and John was glad he had decided to save it for their last evening there. There was bread to go with it, and he put together a salad as well with fresh tomatoes from the garden.
He was going to die. He was going to die fucking Sherlock and he would die a happy man. He knew it.
“John.”
“As a thank you,” John explained as he reached up and carefully tucked the yellow blossom into Sherlock’s curls. “For putting flowers in your hair.”
On the day that Sherlock told the story of the first time he pushed a needle into his vein, John cried. Silent tears fell down his cheeks and the water from the shower washed all the evidence of it away. John had often wondered what had brought such a brilliant man to drugs in the first place. He hadn’t expected that he was so young. He was fourteen the first time. Fourteen! He said he just wanted to forget for a while. Forget the bullies, the verbal and then physical abuse of his peers, his loyal pet being put down, his first love, his first heartbreak.
“I rather thought the fun was in the action,” Sherlock answered and John’s brow arched up.  “Yes. It’s interesting to think about the fantasy, to plot, but the fun is in the execution of the fantasy,” Sherlock continued.
“If you like,” he agreed, and her blonde curls bounced as she nodded enthusiastically.
“No,” John replied, offended at the thought, yet again, that he would spy on someone for money.
“Would you like me to tell you one of my favorite fantasies?” Sherlock asked. “Or I could show you.”
John pushed forward the bare inches they were from each other and closed his mouth over Sherlock’s. He couldn’t handle another word without touching the man. He swiped his tongue against Sherlock’s lip and the other man opened for him immediately, welcoming him in, and they both moaned at the pleasure of tongues sliding against each other.
Well then. Guess he wasn’t needed after all.
Subduing the beast and banishing the shadows.
“What? No, you need to play truth,” Sherlock cried out.
“You don’t have to wait for me, you know. I’m able to meet you at the locations.”
Rosie pulled the plastic headband off her head and shoved it onto Sherlock’s head, who grimaced at her enthusiastic styling.
Sherlock had entered into his life quite by chance, and he had given John his life back. A purpose, a reason. Even if that reason was mainly to make sure the madman stayed alive to give John a
John had been concerned that the incident with the wanking would make things awkward between them and perhaps keep Sherlock out of the room when John was showering, but it wasn’t a concern. Two days after the incident Sherlock swanned into the room while John was just getting into the shower after waiting for the water to warm up. He had had enough cold showers while in the army. He’d be damned if he was purposefully going to wait under a cold spray of water if he could help it.
“I’m not fearless. Brave, sometimes, sure. When I need to be, I like to think that I’m brave enough. But I definitely have fear,” he confessed, then took a sip of his wine.
Mr. Campbell, ‘Alex’ apparently, swiftly stood up from the chair.
Sherlock smiled back at him and covered John’s hand with his free one.
“Just something to think about,” Mary said and winked at him when he failed to say anything. Then she turned and walked back to the main office.
It had been two months since they first met at the lab in Barts and became colleagues in the Work and friends. He was confident in his assessment of calling John his friend, now. John had found a position at a clinic near his bedsit doing locum work, but he was so dreadfully bored there. It was obvious from the fact he was more often to be found sitting in the flat at Baker Street working cases or eating takeaway with Sherlock than at the clinic.
“She might belong to someone.”
John’s brain short circuited for a moment. “What?”
“Yes. Yes, must have been. Through that window,” he replied easily.
It was several moments before Mrs. Hudson opened the door. Her hair was pinned atop her head, and her white frilly apron was protecting the purple dress she wore whenever she was working in the kitchen. The apron, not the dress. The enticing smell of sizzling sausage and hot coffee wafted throughout the flat.
“It’s fine, I know what you meant,” he said with a gentle squeeze and a smile. “I don’t mind.” He didn’t mind the doting, or that she cared, or that she considered Rosie a grandchild. He would surround Rosie with as many people as he could that would love her the way she deserved to be loved.
His heart slammed against his ribcage, his transport betraying him yet again.
“Hello, John,” she said, her nose wrinkling at the smell that had made its way out of his flat and now hung dully in the staircase and hallway. “What can I do for you?”
“Oh, it’s just a turkey. Nothing to fuss over, dear.”
The moment seemed to stretch between them until Sherlock couldn’t wait anymore. He leaned down at the same moment John pushed up on his toes and their mouths met in a surprisingly gentle kiss. Soft, warm lips came together in tender exploration while John’s arms wrapped around him and pulled him closer. He tightened his hands on John’s hips and John hummed appreciatively in the back of his throat. Sherlock smiled into the kiss and a moment later John pulled away.
It had been their first Christmas together. They had had their few friends over, and John had been dating that woman, what was her name? Jean? Janet? Did it even matter? She hadn’t actually been in the dream, which just went to prove she didn’t matter.
“I haven’t seen any list. Where did you leave it?”
Seriously, what the hell was with this day?
Warm water washed the remaining shaving cream away and John’s hands swept over the clean skin, ensuring there were no missed patches, and when he was satisfied with the job, he heard John stand and drain the water from the sink, then rinse the blades under the running water.
“It was definitely a tattoo.”
His hand went towards his pocket again, but no, he hadn’t heard a ping or felt a vibration. He looked back towards his date, who was giving him a slightly confused smile, and he remembered that this was going well, and if he played his cards right he would be having a pleasurable end to his evening. He forced Sherlock from his mind and gave his full attention, well, 90% of his attention, at least, to her again.
“There’s been a threat against,” Sherlock began, and John cut him off again.
There was nothing for it, though, and he pushed the blankets down and off before tossing his legs over the side of the bed. His feet hit the cold floor and he immediately missed Joy’s warmth.
“I’m sorry.”
He pulled on his warmest pajama bottoms and thickest jumper he could comfortably sleep in, then grabbed his duvet and pillow before heading back downstairs. The air grew steadily warmer as he made his way to the living room and he closed the doors that lead out to keep the heat locked in the room.
“You aren’t getting any younger, dear. It might be time to start thinking about moving on. Meeting someone new.”
Sea glass. Just a piece of glass from a broken bottle or jar that somehow made its way into the ocean. A piece of rubbish that no one wanted anymore, all jagged edges and damaged beyond repair and use. Then the ocean and the sand joined together and abused that mutilated shard, beating it in the currents and scratching its surface relentlessly.
“Whee, I’m so excited!”
His mobile pinged and he pulled it from his pocket to see it was an email notification of the website he sent himself from John’s email. He turned quickly to the computer again and deleted the sent email from John’s account, then closed the lid once again. The water was still running after he finished, so he went to his chair and unlocked his mobile, then clicked the link in his email. He was brought back to the blog and scrolled through the old entries. There was nothing relevant to the case of course. It appeared he had used the blog as a kind of online diary or memory book. A lot of the things he had written about were in the past, as were the pictures he included. Sherlock found a few more images that included John. Each time he was struck by how content his friend looked in the photographs.
“Oh, you do.”
“Yes,” he replied simply. He stepped closer and John could smell him now. That citrus smell that was him. It settled under the flowers and the evergreens, but it was strong as he stood so close to John. Close enough to reach out and touch a hand to his hand, his arm, his chest, his face. He didn’t, but he could.
Sherlock looked down at himself. “How so?”
Greg came over at some point a week or two after the funeral. John heard Mrs. Hudson talking to him at the front door, but whatever she said to him was enough to convince the DI to not venture up the stairs. John was grateful. He didn’t want to talk to anyone, but especially not Greg. Greg, who should have believed in Sherlock. He had read in one of the papers that he was facing some inquiries at work due to his associations with Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how he felt about it. On one hand, he had liked Greg and hoped he wouldn’t get in any serious trouble or lose his job over whatever they were saying he did wrong. On the other darker and more bitter hand, he hoped that Greg got a taste of what it felt like to have your entire career, your life, dragged through the mud. He wasn’t proud of it, but it was how he felt.
John tossed the lube beside him on the bed and let his hands trace up the back of Sherlock’s thighs, trailing through the sparse dark hair there, and up to his arse where he gently kneaded the muscle there. His eyes roamed over the expanse of his back, the skin that bore the scars of a body used to physical altercations, but still perfect in John’s eye. The heavy weight of his cock and balls as they hung between his legs. John’s thumbs traced through the crease of Sherlock’s body and his back arched as they trailed over his entrance.
“Yes, finally. Only took two more readings of
“Jesus, Sherlock, you scared me,” he forced out. When Sherlock continued to simply stand there silently, John pushed himself up on the bed. “Everything okay?”
He looked over at his clock and sighed. Three in the morning. Damnit. He turned, pushing himself off the bed, and pulled on his dressing gown to combat the chill that had settled in the flat before he went down to the kitchen. He filled the kettle and sat at the table. The sound of Joy’s nails clicking down the stairs as she followed after him was sharp in the quiet of the flat and he gave a small smile as she made her way over to him and curled up on the floor at his feet.
“Half of the table and counters, sanitized before cooking and meals, and no organs in the microwave,” John counter-offered.
It was everything Sherlock had ever wanted. More than he had hoped for.
“Thank you,” he forced out, his voice far too rough, and Sherlock’s hand dropped away from his chest as if electrified. He looked up and their eyes locked for a moment before Sherlock looked away again, color tingeing high on his cheeks.
“How many do you have on?”
He couldn’t live with him. The level of his devotion to the man was already astounding. It would complicate everything if he allowed himself to be completely immersed in his life. He could live in the periphery, though, if Sherlock allowed. That could be enough.
John had his preferences, but if tonight was the only night he had, then he was going to make it the best night and shag Sherlock ever had. He wanted to ruin the other man for anyone else.
John nodded, then narrowed his eyes shrewdly. “Were you watching porn on my laptop, Sherlock?”
“Are you packing lunch for us?”
“Want to play a game?” Sherlock’s voice cut through the sudden silence.
“That’s awfully romantic.”
Sherlock watched him thoughtfully for a moment and just when John feared he wouldn’t get out of explaining why he said what he said to that woman in regards to her obvious belief that they were indeed a couple and Rosie their child, Sherlock smiled and leaned back in his chair.
“Why the fuck are you following me?” John bit out.
Sherlock sat down on the couch after accepting two mugs of tea from Mrs. Hudson and passing one to John. John smiled as he sipped his tea and watched his daughter talk excitedly about the new dress that she had unwrapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh yes, that’s because we’re going away for the weekend.”
“I’ll pack this up if you go catch her and tell her the bad news,” John replied. Sherlock smirked before he stood up. He straightened out his shirt and quickly tucked the ends into the waistband of his tailored trousers. He bent down to grab his jacket, slung it over his arm, and tossed John a wink before he took off towards Rosie.
“Earth to Sherlock?” that familiar tenor said from the doorway.
“I miss him, too.”
Darkness had descended during his walk, and the gates were locked, and John thought that might be for the best. Apparently, his inclination to talk to Sherlock’s grave hadn’t been erased when confronted with the truth that Sherlock was alive. He didn’t know if he wanted to laugh or groan or cry at his own actions.
“Yes, and I’ll have one next Thursday. Tonight I’m staying here with you,” John informed him with a ring of finality in his tone. Just a touch of the Captain in his voice. Sherlock suppressed the shiver that ran down his spine in reaction. “Now eat your soup.”
“Well, I would need to reconsider the clinic I’m currently working at. It’s close enough to me, but it would be a 45-minute commute from here, and I’m not keen on that.”
John looked down at his daughter’s bright and pleading eyes, then glanced at Sherlock with his completely see-through innocent expression, and sighed.
“Oh, it wasn’t a waitress,” John corrected, his mind flickering back to the toilets in a club in Soho. Perhaps not the best sex he’s had, but a blow job to let off some steam had been infinitely better than his hand in the shower. Perhaps Sherlock didn’t see everything, after all.
“You with me?” John asked with a smile, the playful mood Sherlock had managed to destroy earlier apparently back.
Love. They all spoke of love. Romantic love, besotted love, promised love, true love. He didn’t know every flower's name, but he understood their message.
Now he just needed to sign some paperwork with his previous landlord. Maybe find something to do to mess with Lestrade. He had seen the papers and knew what the man was working on. He was annoyed that the DI hadn’t come to him for help yet, especially after he had managed to send off those texts. Clever bit of technology, that, and he didn’t even bother to text him back. Well. It was only a matter of time.
“I don’t even want to know how you knew that or saw the results,” John said but accepted it. John trusted him. After all this time, he still trusted him.
He picked a random title and opened the book, letting the pages flip through as he gazed down at the recipes within. It seemed like a pretty easy book to follow, actually. Each recipe was pictured and the instructions seemed easy enough to follow. There were a variety of recipes, everything from curries to casseroles, to baked breads and biscuits. He flipped the book back over to glance at the glossy cover and read the title Cooking for Two.
He crossed over to the bed, dutifully removed the duvet that covered her small form, then carefully replaced it and tucked it in around her. She smiled at the familiar routine and John watched the interaction thoughtfully.
The answer came to him as he stood watching the candle in the quiet church.
“Hm.”
John gave a barely perceptible nod. “Later,” he agreed. And then, “What do you want, Sherlock?”
When it became clear that Sherlock wasn’t going to add any more to his story, John glanced at him. “Well, I’d love to see it if you find it.”
John noticed his socked feet, the toes of his right foot tapping quickly as he stood there, his hands were moving incessantly, long fingers fidgeting seemingly without conscious input, he was chewing on his bottom lip, and his eyes were locked on John with such intensity that John thought he wouldn’t be able to move if he wanted to.
“I didn’t really like it much when I started, either, but I rather enjoy it now.”
“Lolly gave them to me!”
John took a large sip of his wine, just shy of a gulp, before he put down his glass.
The brush of lips was soft. Chaste. A gentle pressure and release. It was perfect. This was what John wanted last night. Why he waited. He wanted to be sober if he was ever going to kiss Sherlock Holmes. He wanted to remember every detail.
John nodded his agreement, doing one more final sweep of the small room after Sherlock left. He took down the suitcase filled with his clothes, then went back for one more trip to grab the last box. His cane was set atop the last box and he touched the cool metal thoughtfully. He didn’t need the cane anymore, of course. Hadn’t needed it in months. He wasn’t sure why he still kept it, but he couldn’t leave it behind, either. As many terrible memories that it held, the cane also held the memories of first meeting Sherlock and chasing after him as they chased after a taxi. Of the wonderment he felt when Angelo stood on the doorstep and handed it to him, and the first truly genuine smile Sherlock had ever shown him, wide and carefree, and just the slightest bit smug at being right about John’s limp across his face. He pulled his fingers back from the cane and bent down to pick up the box and head back down the stairs.
John was slicing the mushrooms when the familiar call of Mrs. Hudson rang through the flat, followed by an excited bark from Joy, as Sherlock’s music played on. John called out that he was in the kitchen and a moment later she walked in, arms full with two casserole dishes, which she promptly placed down on the table.
“So I’ve been informed.”
“What would you wish for?” John asked as he gingerly plucked the dandelion that Sherlock still somehow held in his fingers.
John was kind of rambling, and he knew that, but he also didn’t know what else to say and just kept going.
“Go get your shoes. We’re almost ready,” John told her, dropping a hand over her curls as she ran past in search of her shoes.
“You’re a doctor,” Sherlock stated.
“See?”
He could feel the heat of Sherlock’s body as they sat silently, both of them looking out their respective windows, and neither spoke a word the entire ride back to their flat. The silence was heavy between them, and though John had stopped thinking at the restaurant, his thoughts came back now and refused to be ignored. He kept glancing slyly at his friend beside him, but no words came to him.
“Everything ok?” John asked curiously and Sherlock almost wanted to scream at the nonchalance in his question.
“Come on,” he said, and John followed him out of the flat.
He snorted at himself. He didn’t really have fun anymore.
“Mm, no.”
It wasn’t until he was in the middle of deducing the shooter of the cabbie that he looked over and saw John standing beside a panda car with flashing lights and realized exactly what had happened. A man with military experience. Nerves of steel. A strong moral principle. John Watson possessed all of those things. John had killed a man, he was sure of it, and yet he stood there surrounded by police officers clearly waiting for Sherlock. He had been fooled by one Dr. John H. Watson, which both rankled and intrigued at the same time. It wasn’t every day that Sherlock was caught by surprise by someone, and yet the diminutive doctor kept doing so.
“When your hunger makes you angry. ‘Hangry’,” John explained.
“Very mature, John,” Sherlock drawled.
“You’re welcome. Enjoy the rest of your evening,” she said as she took the child’s hand and they went on their way.
“Yup! Another kiss!” she demanded, and John laughed and kissed her cheek again, but she shook her head. “No, no, not Rosie kisses, ‘Lock kisses!”
“I’m fine, Mrs. Hudson,” John answered. She frowned at him and he took another sip of his tea.
Sherlock smiled, then, slow and honest, and John didn’t hold back his own in answer.
“Don’t turn and look,” he admonished.
“I saw the way you looked at me downstairs. I’ve hurt you and I don’t even know what I did wrong,” Sherlock spoke quietly, hands clasped together in his lap. He refused to look up.
“Yes, the wrapping paper.”
What would he wish for and hope the world would grant?
And yes, there was physical attraction as well. That was nothing new, either.
“Sometimes you get hangry.”
So he laid out the facts. How quickly he was now able to solve cases with John at his side. How that time had proved crucial in several cases in just the past few months. John seemed skeptical at first, but Sherlock could see the moment he finally began to give in. To accept and believe what he was saying. That John was important to the Work, which was true. If John understood that he was also important to him, well, that was harder to read.
There was a time when Sherlock was terrified of John seeing him. Who he was. The messes he had made of his life. And oh, the messes he had made.
“You know you’re the reason she thinks eating is optional,” he teased and Sherlock’s lips quirked up in a half-smile in acknowledgment.
“I watched this the other day with Rosie, she loved it.”
A smile pulled at his mouth without his consent before he frowned.
“Sherlock…” John said, but instead of saying anything, he simply shook his head.
“Yes, of course. Far too much,” he said.
He wasn’t so sure Sherlock coming back from the dead was a gift. He knew he should feel grateful for the chance he’s seemingly been given. An opportunity to make things right, to speak truths and honesty, but he couldn’t help the feeling that burned sickly in his stomach. Sherlock had thrown it all away before. He said it was to save him, to save them, and he believed him, but if he did it once, he could do it again. John didn’t know if he could let Sherlock in again like that. He didn’t think he could survive another fall.
It was silent then between them. Joy was a warm and calming presence at his side and he realized after several minutes that he never finished making his tea. He didn’t want it any, though. He put his hands down on the table and stood up, dislodging Joy’s head from his lap.
John was tempted. So incredibly tempted. To live with this man, to follow him around, to be lost in him. He could see it all happening with perfect clarity.
He went about cleaning up their dinner and lunch dishes, then went to check that their swimsuits were dry so they would be ready in the morning. When he went back into the sitting room in the front of the house, he picked up the novel he had been working on and settled onto one of the chairs by the empty fireplace. His mind wouldn’t focus on the words in front of him, though. Instead, he found himself listening for Sherlock and Rosie. He shifted, trying to find a more comfortable position in his chair, and felt something sharp poke him from his pocket. He reached in and pulled out a small amber-colored shard of sea glass.
“Yeah, she is. Thanks for keeping her company,” John said.
His gift was the easiest and hardest to purchase, though.
“John.”
“What else would I fantasize about, John?”
“Please stop.”
When they arrived back to 221B, John had gone to the kitchen to make tea, and Sherlock had gone to his chair. John could hear the familiar click of keys on a laptop as he poured boiled water over the tea bags and he wondered what Sherlock was looking for.
“What about your date?” he asks, and John shrugs.
“The most dangerous man you’ll ever meet and not our problem at the moment,” Sherlock waved him off. If Mycroft messed this up for him, he would have to take drastic measures against his brother.
He had felt a flicker of some emotion, then. Anger, he thought. Anger at Sherlock for leaving, and at Mycroft for meddling, but it faded into the background as everything else had in the haze that surrounded those first few months after Sherlock’s death.
When he came back to himself he was laying atop Sherlock, who had his hands in John’s hair and was stroking his scalp with his fingernails. John shivered in pleasure at the feeling after the stimulation that settled all over the rest of his body.
“This was a date, wasn’t it? That’s what it was meant to be.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“You told me to tell you what you were thinking about.”
He turned to the kitchen and wasn’t even surprised to find more additions. There were two ceramic bowls. One was already filled with water and the other, presumably meant for food, was empty. On the kitchen table, there was a bottle of dog shampoo, a matching leash and collar, a small bag of dry kibble, a few cans of wet dog food, and another dog toy. There was even a book that proclaimed “How to Care for Your New Dog!” and he huffed in fond exasperation.
“I thought you would appreciate it. It seemed appropriate.”
“I didn’t think you wanted this. Wanted me like this,” John whispered with a note of disbelief that colored his voice. Disbelief and awe.
“Check with Greg for any cold cases?”
“Why didn’t you? I could have helped protect Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade is a DI. He would have been able to protect himself if needed.”
Dark blue and sea-green eyes were locked together and after several moments of silence, Sherlock reached out and looped one long pinky finger around a small pinky and gave it a brisk shake.
“I am not going to bed at 8, John.”
“Interesting, that soldier fellow,” his brother’s voice came out smoothly without waiting for a greeting.
“John, why didn’t you date men when we first lived together? Or now, for that matter?”
“What about Joy?”
The loofah he still somehow held in his hand fell to the bottom of the shower and his free hand went to the back of Sherlock’s neck, fingers slipping into the wet curls at his nape, and his other hand went to Sherlock’s chest, fingers splayed against the warm, slick skin. He felt Sherlock’s heart thudding hard under his hand and reveled in the strong, steady, accelerated beat.
John suddenly felt exhausted. Numb and exhausted.
He walked out of the flat, following the cabbie, and climbed into the back of the taxi. He needed to know. Why was he killing strangers? How was he getting them to take the poison? The cabbie was clever. He was playing him, Sherlock knew he was, but he had to know. The murderer promised him answers, and he would do what was needed to get them.
“Sorry,” she said around her food and Sherlock shook his head before he glanced at John, who was placing cups of water down in front of their plates.
“I wouldn’t. He’d probably find some way to use that against you.”
“To new beginnings?” Sherlock asked, a cautious note in his voice that John didn’t think he had ever heard before.
“What are you thinking about?”
It had been a perfect Christmas. No emergencies, no running after anyone, nothing more troubling than the punch running low before they expected, but luckily, they were well-stocked in good scotch.
Long fingers tapped at the keyboard without actually typing while he tried to decide where to start. He opened a new tab and typed in his client's name. That was something he did with all of his cases. It wasn’t because he was curious about Alexander Campbell and why John Watson had once been in a relationship with him. It was just a step he always did.
“He was too picky about what he ate to be part dog,” she said, and John laughed in reply.
He gasped, his mind and body finally coming together to react to this moment. His hands came up and fisted into Sherlock’s shirt as he pulled him closer. He tasted the tea and sugar on Sherlock’s lips, and he wanted more, to taste the sweetness of Sherlock’s mouth. He gently flicked his tongue against Sherlock’s bottom lip to get that taste. Sherlock made a sound in the back of his throat and his lips parted. John pressed up and deepened the kiss, just a bit, just a careful slide of his tongue against Sherlock’s. Both hummed their pleasure at this, then John broke away with a breathless giggle. He felt light, like a boy again, the one he used to be before the world tried to beat him down. Sherlock smiled down at him before he rested his forehead against John’s and he began to giggle as well.
John let his eyes flick between Sherlock and the gift in his hands with a wry smile. “And this is something that couldn’t wait until tomorrow?”
“I hate repeating myself. I’m trying to explain that statistically sharing a flat with a relative stranger,” he  began but was cut off by the sound of heavy footsteps running up the stairs. Ah, Lestrade. He glanced at John, though his attention was turned towards the opened door of the flat.
“As soon as you want. Whenever you’re ready. Tomorrow or in ten years. It doesn’t matter to me. It’s enough just knowing that you want to marry me.”
John laughed. “It’s just something people do. Matching Christmas jumpers. You bought matching ones for us, you git!”
The kettle flicked off and John poured the hot water over the bags, then went to the refrigerator for the milk. The contents of the fridge were nearly a shock, even though he knew what would be inside as he did most of the shopping. Of course, it wasn’t what was in the fridge that was surprising. It was what wasn’t. There were no tissue samples, no organs, no experiments. Those had all been moved to a small fridge that was kept in Sherlock’s bedroom. He still experimented in the kitchen, but he usually did it during Rosie’s naps or at night now. Just another physical reminder of the changes that have been made, the way Sherlock had changed, to accommodate Rosie and his return to Baker Street.
“Well, one of us had to be,” he chuckles, and John finds himself in that lovely place between arousal and amusement, where sex is both fun and joyful. He shifts under Sherlock’s hips as he’s being pinned down, and they both gasp out in pleasure when their matching hardness aligns and brush against each other. Arousal takes over amusement as Sherlock rolls his hips intentionally this time, and John’s hands go to rest on his hips, fingers digging into the smooth skin. His eyes travel up the length of his body and John thinks he could watch this sight for the rest of his life and never once get bored of it. A lovely pink flush gives color to Sherlock’s pale chest and neck, and he’s so beautiful that John wishes he was an artist in order to paint this scene before him to always have. Sherlock’s hand reaches down and grasps both of them, and John cries out as the feeling floods through his body.
Well, he just needed to lure him in. Hook, line, and sinker. Wasn’t that how that saying went? John kept evading the lures he had set and it made Sherlock all the more determined to catch the doctor. John was clearly an adrenaline junkie, and Sherlock would find ways to engage him in all his cases. Make John crave the Work, the danger it could be, and convince him that it would be so much easier to be involved if he just took the bedroom upstairs.
“Thank you…,” John said and Sherlock smirked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up at John again. At the familiar eyes, the doctorly and friendly concern in them. He felt the sticky sweat that had dried on his skin. The salt from his tears that lined his eyes. He nodded and John gave his hair another pet before he leveraged himself up off the floor by Sherlock’s head.
“Round 2?” Sherlock asked, and John scrambled up.
“Yes?” he asked, far more breathy than he intended. He cleared his throat and tried again. “What is it?”
He knew someone was following him. He couldn’t figure out who or what, and he wasn’t sure of the intent, but as he dashed up the steps of the clinic building, the snow falling heavier than before, he couldn’t ignore the quiet thrill of adrenaline that rushed through his veins at the prospect of something happening. Nothing had happened to him in a very long time.
John frowned, his hand going up to his ear to try to block the noise, but it simply grew louder and more agitated sounding. The light changed and the man took back off as John stood there, his ears ringing, as he tried to block the sound and call out for the man to stop! Please! Wait!
Sherlock lifted his glass, silver eyes intent on John, and John mimicked his action and lifted his glass. The fairy lights that decorated the windows refracted off the glass, sending shards of light sparking off Sherlock’s face and the hand that held his glass.
The man’s lips quirked up, obvious pride in his winning of a point at John’s expense clear on his face, before he carefully pulled out a black notebook and flipped through with the air of someone who was intimately familiar with every word that was written within. John recognized it immediately as the notebook his therapist wrote in during his sessions. The notebook was filled with all of the details of John’s life, the ones he bothered to share anyway, and for the first time during this whole melodrama, he felt a glimmer of fear.
