Samandriel did as Dean asked, going over to a screen on the far side of the room and turning it on. It came to life, and an episode of
“Angel’s not his real name,” Dean added, almost as an afterthought. “He doesn’t remember who he is.”
Sam picked the piece of paper up and examined it carefully. “Where did you get this?”
“It's not a big deal. These guys put a little set in their basement. I'm there about an hour. It's nothing, Sam. They wanted Dean.” He gestured to himself, trying his utmost to convince Sam that taking a job on his own was perfectly fine, while Sam gaped at him incredulously.
Balthazar looked disappointed, but agreed anyway. “Yes, sir.”
When he was satisfied that Angel was properly washed, and that all the body wash and shampoo was gone, Dean switched the shower off, and grabbed a towel for Angel. It wouldn’t be much use to Dean, as he was going to have to strip off these soaking wet clothes once Angel was out of the bathroom, and grab a quick wash for himself.
“Thank you.” Sam went over to his wife and pulled her into a hug.
he really needed to stop hitting on the guy.
Dean couldn’t hear or see Cas’s response, but based on Chuck’s reaction, it was a ‘yes’.
“I need a shower,” he said, exaggeratedly sniffing his armpits and making a face in mock disgust. “You need to use the bathroom first?”
Angel began to sob silently, his body shaking as he let it out. Dean wanted to hold him… to soothe away his distress, but how could he know if Angel would want that? It might make things worse. If he tried and it upset him even more, he would never forgive himself.
Sam looked like he was about to protest, but thankfully Eileen came to the rescue.
Cas nodded and smiled, then tapped the computer again, as if to say ‘get on with it’. Dean chuckled, then typed out another message.
“Good boy. I will call again to arrange the swap.” Chuck ended the call, and laid the computer on the table, next to Dean.
Dean told himself as the other guy shook his hand and stared at him like he was looking into his soul. He was probably wondering why Dean was acting so flustered; it wasn’t like the guy was expecting to get hit on at a children’s party, after all. He was probably straight and married anyway, although there was no sign of a wedding ring… mind you, men didn’t always wear wedding rings, did they?
He didn't get very far before Blue Eyes caught up to him. He would have been happier if Samandriel hadn't been with him, though.
Angel was holding up a plain black t-shirt, and he frowned at it, obviously wondering how the hell he was supposed to put that on before it had been altered.
“Yes.” Cas smiled, and Dean stroked his cock once, then stopped.
“Yeah!” Jo shouted out in triumph, as Sam rushed over to hug his brother.
Dean thought, turning away to check the water. The temperature was perfect. When he looked back Angel had taken off his socks, and was about to pull off the boxers.
Determined to give Castiel as much pleasure as he’d received, Dean grabbed hold of Castiel’s tie and yanked him forward. He nipped Castiel’s bottom lip, placing his other hand on the back of Castiel’s head, then crushed their mouths together.
How were they so obvious? Dean didn’t have time to ask, before Eileen answered his unspoken question.
Sam watched Crowley drop his makeup brush and glare at his reflection in the old, dilapidated mirror. “How did I come to this?” he grumbled in his clipped English accent.
“Don’t go anywhere,” Dean said, as he opened the door and went back out into the rain. He wasted no time in opening the trunk and pulling out the coat, despite the driving rain and the ever-strengthening wind, and within seconds he was back inside the car.
“Okay, go now.”
“You’re not a vigilante, Dean. And anyway, it’s about time you brought Sam into the loop, and explained why you haven’t spoken to him for weeks. I told him you met someone, but that excuse is wearing thin, especially since he thinks I met that someone before he did.”
“Damn, that’s rough. I hope you find a way you can tell him, especially since Eileen already knows.”
“It’s like throwing gasoline on a flame,” he heard Crowley say.
“Nah, it’s still early,” Dean said shuffling the deck of cards. “Texas hold 'em, okay?”
And now, back again after ten years, the scary new adventures of Not Natural.
One by one, they slowly stepped forward, and Dean encouraged them all to hold hands and bow, before pulling them into a huge group hug.
“Mother, I cannot stress enough the severity of Dean Winchester’s predicament,” Ed grumbled, his voice disappearing into the distance as his mom called after him,
When he’d used the toilet and brushed his teeth, Dean went to the kitchen and put on a pot of coffee, then returned to the living room and folded the blankets and bedcovers and placed the cushions back where they belonged.
By the time they’d got themselves in the shower and under the spray, Dean had worked himself up so much with those thoughts, that he felt like he would explode if he didn’t get gratification soon.
“There was a room in the basement, containing evidence of… of experiments. It was gruesome… body parts in jars, photographs of his work. Syringes, chains and handcuffs...” Sam glanced at Angel and looked quite sick all of a sudden, and Dean rushed to the kitchen to get him a glass of water.
Angel blinked the water out of his eyes, and peered at the bottle for a moment, then flipped the top, poured some into his hand, and rubbed it into his hair. The lather this created atop Angel’s head looked adorable, and Dean really wanted to be playful and shape it into a mohawk, or something equally as unlikely. But… no, this experience needed to be as calming and ‘ordinary’ as possible.
“Ash, you have a last name.”
The swirling, and disorienting brightness of the portal consumed Dean, before he stepped back on earth once more, into a place that looked surprisingly like a backstage area. He saw Bobby peek his head around the huge curtain that separated them from the stage, and suddenly an excited voice announced,
“Oh, I doubt it. I threw enough spells at him,” Dean replied.
Dean took a deep breath.
His friend snickered, and replied, “He actually gets off on those freaks.”
But he didn’t move away, so Dean lowered the back of the shirt and pulled first one wing, then the other, through the holes. They felt amazing - Dean couldn’t deny that - silky smooth and delicate, and not like anything he’d felt before. As earlier, when Dean had touched them as he wrapped Angel in the coat, he gasped at every touch, but yet he barely moved. Even though Dean sensed that what Angel really wanted to do was run, it felt like he was exercising control over himself… holding himself back.
Just as he was about to pour Angel's coffee, Dean’s door cam buzzed.
They weren’t fucking, but the friction of their cocks rubbing together as Angel ground hard against him felt amazing. Dean started to wonder if he would come just like this - like some kind of horny teenager - when Angel suddenly took them both in hand and began to stroke.
Thankfully, Crowley snapped out of whatever rage had fuelled him, and the three of them made their way to the Hunter Hub, where they were reunited once more with Sam, Bobby, and Ash.
In that moment, the guy’s piercing blue gaze travelled slowly down Dean’s body and lingered on his bare legs, and… now Dean remembered him. The eyes, and the lips, and the hair, and that voice.
Dean started to walk back over to his colleagues, but Sam and Crowley moved away, shooting him looks of incredulity, and shaking their heads sadly. They still weren’t getting it, were they?
Dean discovered there was a lump in his throat all of a sudden, and ironically, he found he couldn’t speak either.
Eileen nodded in agreement, and demonstrated the signs for them. They practiced a few times, then she left with a hug, as she whispered in Dean’s ear,
“Arrest?” Gabriel huffed. “I wanna kill him.”
Maybe it was time for Dean to ask Sam that question about any cases involving missing persons, or even people with wings. But how could he do that without letting on his reason for such a question? Sam wasn’t stupid, and he would realise immediately that there was something Dean wasn’t telling him.
Glaring at the man who’d knocked into him, Dean lifted his chin defiantly. “What’s your game, buddy?” He was a black guy, smaller than Dean, and…
“It'd be time to redeem a single mistake,” Dean said, trying not to tremble at the sensation of Castiel’s lips grazing him.
When Eileen joined in, Dean laughed and let go of his brother. “So what happens now? You gonna go back and arrest the sonovabitch?” he asked as they took their seats once again.
“Enochian. Apparently some guy in the sixteenth century said it was revealed to him by angels, but most people think he invented it himself.”
“They are so cute,” Jo exclaimed, with a sappy smile on her face.
Interrupting before any damage was done, Dean corrected her, “Beth? Historical documents.” He gave her a pointed look for good measure.
“Yeah, I just… I need to tell you something first.”
"Oh no, Sammy. This is just the first one." Dean shook his head.
Dean wasn’t paying attention to the guy; he was scrabbling around on the ground, trying to get his angel radio back. The guy had also dropped his, and they looked identical.
Dean stared at it for a second or two, before he suddenly took flight, and the atmosphere turned to chaos and panic.
They were not going to fill Jo’s blood with leeches, causing her to shrivel away as she was eaten from the inside out… or something even worse. “No! Jo, no!” He hollered, as one of Loki’s men landed a punch to his abdomen, and he doubled over in pain.
"Sleep well."
“Yes! You understand that, don't you, Castiel?” Loki said so smugly, that Dean had great difficulty stopping himself from decking the bastard right then and there. They were severely outnumbered though, so violence was a really bad idea at this time. Later, though...
Sam shrugged. “I don't know.”
-Lisa grows suspicious of his behavior and follows Dean to the storage shed where he keeps the 1967 CHEVY IMPALA.
Almost as if Angel knew that Dean was thinking about him, the bedroom door opened, and he stood in the doorway, yawning.
Sam coughed to get Jo’s attention. He could see how enamored she and Hannah were with each other, but now was definitely not the time for them to get lost in each other’s eyes.
A couple of minutes later Dean was warmed up again, and washed all over - no time to act on the feelings Angel had stirred in him - and he dried himself off, then went out into the living room, and through to the bedroom. He was relieved to see Angel sitting on the sofa as he went through, which meant he could avoid any possible awkwardness as he got dressed.
“Oh, my God, I knew it. I knew it! I knew it!” He blurted, unable to contain his excitement any longer.
“Fuck you!” Dean spat. “You’re not getting your hands on Cas ever again. You can do what you want to me, but leave him alone.”
Now was not the time for a pissing contest with Crowley. Practically feeling the changelings grabbing at him from behind, Dean swung with his fist and punched Crowley in the face, knocking him backwards through the rift, just before it fizzled away.
Angel nipped at Dean's bottom lip, and ran his tongue over it, then crushed their mouths together, hard. Dean could taste himself on Angel's tongue; it was kind of dirty, but he loved it. He loved all of it.
All giving him looks of irritation, Crowley, Sam, Bobby, and Jo then took out their inferior fake radios, and held them up, as if to say ‘and’?
Dean murmured the word ‘Angel’ barely audibly as he came, breathless and heaving, and he lay catching his breath until he felt ready to move. It wasn’t as good as having sex with a real partner, but he felt sated, and when he jumped in the shower right away, his skin tingled pleasantly.
This wasn’t happening, even if they were smiling at him and saluting him. What were they thinking, coming to his house?
Montage of clips from the upcoming series
Also, did this mean that Angel was looking at him in the same manner? Dean didn't want to think about that possibility too much; after all, they had only known each other for a few days, and Angel was depending on him to be strong and in control.
By way of reply, Angel got a sharp knife from the block, flipped it a few times in his hand expertly, then began to chop the onion with ease. Dean watched on, impressed by the display, until he realised he should be doing his part as well.
“You had the… wait, wait. I’ll think of it.” Bobby’s attempt at helping wasn’t making Sam feel any better.
Looking at the printer, he could see that the cast was ready, and that helped him decide on his plan of action. Gluing the two sides of the cast together would take far less time than the stitching, and Angel would be able to move easier once his arm was immobilized.
“Can you hold this here ‘til I get back?” Dean asked, gesturing to the shirt he’d placed on the wound.
“Mix the sage and the dried goat’s blood, then carefully cover the symbol with it. This will stop the poison-coated darts from shooting out and hitting you, turning you against each other.
Cas was staring straight ahead, and for a few moments it appeared almost as if he was in a catatonic state. His eyes were fixed on an invisible spot, and even when Dean waved his hand in front of him, there was no reaction. Then, just as Dean was starting to worry that this whole experience had been too much for him, Cas snapped out of it.
Angel’s eyes shot open and he let out a yelp in shock, then curled himself away from Dean, into the fetal position.
Ed glanced at his angel radio then, and noticed it was flashing. “Oh…
“Alright, alright. Listen up,” he said, “here's the plan. Sam, Bobby, Crowley and I will go back and get the Hand of God. Ash, you set up a perimeter and Jo, you're lookout. You see anything at all, you give us a signal, alright?”
That was good enough for Dean. “Thanks, kid. We’ll open the portal on our end, and wait for you to give us the nod.”
He put his hand on Angel’s shoulder and shook him gently. “Angel? It’s just a dream; you’re safe.”
“Nobody knows! Do you know why? Because my character isn't important enough for a last name. Because I'm gonna die five minutes in.” Ash’s distress wasn’t lessening at all; in fact, it appeared to be escalating.
Bobby glared at him, and said with irritation, “Would you sit your ass down? Sit! Move! You want to run this thing? Idjit.”
“No… what happened? Tell me the whole thing.” Dean insisted.
Angel stared at him and tilted his head; a mannerism that Dean couldn't help but find endearing.
That wasn't the only reason for Dean's suggestion; he was already having way too many inappropriate thoughts about Angel. He didn't need to see him naked, and make it even worse. Getting a boner would not help the situation at all.
Any moment now, Loki was going to come through that door, and Dean needed to take him out immediately... and there he was, right on cue. Dean rushed at him and knocked the angel blade from his hand, then punched him right in the face.
Dean stared open-mouthed at Cas; how the hell did he sneak the Colt out of that safe without Dean seeing?
Dean looked at his watch and groaned. This was really dragging now; time to wrap things up, and hopefully make some plans with Blue Eyes. Making a gesture with his hands for Loki to get to the point, he hoped everyone else there would take the hint.
He patted her on the back, and when she let go of him, he told her, “I’m gonna make that fucker regret his life choices when I get my hands on him.”
“I promise, I won’t.” Dean chucked Sam on the chin before hugging him once more.
"It's okay, it's okay," Dean soothed. "He can't hurt you anymore, and if he tries, I'll fucking kill him."
“I know. They can't stand him! Did you hear them ragging on him in there? Dude... he has no idea he's a laughing stock, even to his buddies.”
The guy was seemingly undeterred despite the underwhelming reception they gave him. Reaching into his bag, he pulled out a bunch of glossy photographs of himself, and asked, “Listen, maybe I could sit in and sign a couple of autographs?”
“I can’t think why.” Dean stroked him again.
Turning to his crew, he implored, “Is this amazing? They want me back, and I want you guys to go with me, please. Don't even think about it. Let's go.”
Angel was working his way down Dean’s body, but he stopped when he reached the waistband of his pyjamas, and glanced up at Dean with one eyebrow raised, as if asking for permission. Dean was temporarily lost for words, what with the hungry look Angel was giving him, but he managed a nod of the head, and signed ‘yes’.
“Why does this sound so familiar?” Sam asked.
After some irrelevant small talk, Crowley asked if Sam had had any contact with Dean.
On the other side of the table, Angel was staring at Dean with his mouth agape. He hadn’t moved to touch his food since Dean started eating, and as the staring went on, Dean began to wonder if it had anything at all to do with his reaction to the food. His eyes flicked down to Dean’s mouth at least once, and suddenly Dean wasn’t sure what he should do.
When he looked up, Angel was watching transfixed, and Dean knew that if they weren’t careful they would be all over each other again. “Later, okay? I need a couple of hours to recover.” He winked, and Angel grabbed his ass playfully in response.
“Lawrence, Kansas.”
, Dean told himself, as he went to the kitchen, picked up the scissors, and cut two long slits into the back of the t-shirt. It wasn’t the neatest piece of improvisation, but it would do for the time being.
"Good, because I would never do anything to hurt you."
“Yes, this ass will be all yours later. But let’s not traumatise Eileen, huh?” Dean laughed as he stepped out of the shower, and started to dry himself with his towel.
Snapping himself out of it, Dean answered, “oh, yeah… yep. You look great.”
Crowley scoffed at the notion, saying, “Bobby, he was drunk. Do you really think he was talking about a job?”
“Kill these wretched humans,” Loki roared.
“We do not know where they are. We are all that is left.” Samandriel looked distraught.
“What’re we doing here, Cas?” Dean asked, puzzled.
“Are you gonna come back home with us, Uncle Castiel?” Claire’s question was well-meant, and sincere, but it ripped Dean’s heart in two.
He saw Angel's face fall at the suggestion, and decided to let it slide for another day. It was nearly midday by now, plus surprisingly, Angel didn't actually smell bad, even though he probably should.
"Good for you. Have fun," Sam said, taking Eileen's hand and starting to walk away.
Thankfully, Bobby picked one of them up and spoke into it. It took him a few moments to realize that he was supposed to be using his FBI voice, and Dean could see the rest of the cast cringing at Bobby’s mistake as much as he was. There were only a couple of minor mistakes before he got the hang of things though, and once all the phones had stopped ringing, he sat back breathing a sigh of relief.
Ironically, the heartwarming moments being depicted on screen were the very opposite of what was actually happening backstage. Sam and Jo had had enough of giving Dean the cold shoulder and were now giving him a piece of their minds.
Balthazar took on the human guise that Crowley was familiar with once more, and jumped down from the ceiling. Strangely, his human vessel seemed to be flickering, as if he wasn’t quite able to sustain it. “I avoided capture by hiding up there. Where is everyone?”
Sam Winchester as Samuel Wesson
They did as they were told - being ‘helped’ on their way by some pushing and shoving from their hosts - going around the corner, into the warehouse and through to a large room off to the side.
He watched Angel closely for his reaction, wanting to know if the thought of being brought to Dean’s apartment held any kind of fear for him. His expression didn’t change, however; he looked neither happy nor unhappy at the prospect.
Dean licked his lips at the sight. As he leaned forward and took it into his mouth, he remembered an episode of
In need of spiritual comfort or guidance?
“Hold… Wait a minute…” Dean interrupted again.
Samandriel grimaced, cringing at Loki’s threatening words. If there was an award for most effort put into a cosplayers gig, they would win it hands down. No contest.
After Eileen had gone, with a promise to return tomorrow, Dean checked and discovered that his orders were in the collection hatch. He put the food on the kitchen counter, then brought Angel’s new clothes to him. Angel looked through the boxes, picking the items up and examining them, before doing the same with the next one.
He had to admit that Benny was right, but it did look like a good fit for Angel. “Okay, you got me. He was never supposed to actually wear it.”
Dean knew he had to stop Loki somehow, and he lunged at him. “Son of a...” he shouted, but was punched again, and his knees buckled as he found himself on the floor once more.
Crowley snarled and tried to punch Ash in the arm, as Sam watched on helplessly. How the fuck were they going to get Dean out of there?
Dean wished he knew what the problem was and how to fix it, and he sighed unhappily as he poured the drinks. The change in Angel since Dean had found him in that alleyway was remarkable; Dean could only hope that this incident wouldn’t cause him to go backwards.
“Come on! Without my team, I'm not a leader, huh? I think we all remember what happened to that wendigo we encountered in season one, right?”
Chuck would pay for what he'd done though. Dean would make damn sure of that.
Dean coughed, then quickly deflected with the words, "I'll pour you a coffee while you use the bathroom."
“Dean, what I'd give to see what you're seeing,” Ed said then, forcing Dean to focus.
Dean could see Ed and his friends standing in the crowd, joining in with the excitement of everyone around them. He was about to attract their attention, to thank them for everything they’d done, when a noise from behind him made him turn around.
Loki was still talking, and this time Dean clearly heard what he said, “Blood and pain as you can not imagine.”
“Leave him alone,” Dean pleaded as he used the back of his hand to wipe the blood from the corner of his mouth, hoping to appeal to Loki’s... well, not humanity.
Suddenly aware of a voice close to his ear, and being shaken gently on the shoulder, Dean opened his eyes. He was lying on a couch, and... ugh, he’d drooled on it - very classy. The woman from the limo was speaking to him,
Dean rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment. “It, er… was a gift for Sammy, but I never actually gave it to him.”
Dean leaned forward and wrapped the coat around Angel as best he could, noting that every time he so much as touched the wings he would let out a gasp. Dean figured they must be super sensitive, and he did his best to not touch them again. When he was satisfied that he’d covered him sufficiently, he opened the door once more and all but dragged Angel out of the car.
Of course, the angels didn’t understand that it was a joke, and they exchanged nervous glances, until Dean let out a loud laugh. Slapping Crowley on the shoulder and squeezing a little harder than necessary, he wiped the non-existent tears from his eyes with his other hand. “He’s such a joker... You’re such a joker, aren’t you, Fergus? He doesn’t even have a hellhound.”
Angel smiled and nodded, and got to his feet.
“Yeah. Yes.” Dean had to try, at least. He got back to his feet, and stood as steadily as he was able, given what he’d been through in the last couple of hours.
“Fergus, the power, it's normalizing,” Balthazar exclaimed, his vessel no longer flickering.
“And his friends.”
"Colonel", Dean called, and the dog came to life, scampering over and wagging his tail excitedly.
Dean was about to argue that very point, when Castiel... Cas, threw himself at the evil fucker, and stabbed him with his angel blade. “Assbutt,” he said, at the now unmoving figure on the floor.
Dean clicked the button that allowed Eileen to enter the building, and her face disappeared from view. As he closed the screen and put the computer away again, he tried to come up with a plan for what to do if the worst happened. Panicking was the best he could come up with.
“Where's the happy ending,
When he glanced over and caught Jo staring at him before quickly looking away, he made the decision to go over to talk to her. Which was momentarily halted by a couple of extremely eager young men approaching him at the table and babbling on about some technical stuff, but Dean was barely listening. Not now that he had Jo in his sights.
“The always-sexy Sam Wesson, Sam Winchester! Yes!”
“I could call him? Let him see you on the screen?”
Angel frowned, but nodded in understanding as Dean lowered his legs until he was in a standing position once more. Dean moved over until he was fully under the spray, and stayed like that for a minute or two, soothing his tired muscles from two rounds of awesome sex.
“They designed those lines after watching you,” Dean said, nodding his head to indicate the angels. He really hoped they didn’t fuck this up and give away that they weren’t really hunters; he didn’t want Castiel to find out that they were deceiving him, plus he was really enjoying this experience.
“I found something else.” Sam picked up the bag and held it out to show Angel. “There were burned documents… all belonging to Chuck’s victims, I’m sure. This is a driver’s licence, with your picture on it. And your name.”
Dean stopped talking for a moment when Angel’s expression told him he wasn’t too pleased at the idea of Dean getting another friend of his involved in his plight. He’d accepted Eileen, but maybe he thought telling a second person was just too much. It would all be fine once Dean explained.
It was cool and refreshing, and Dean wished he didn’t want it so much. Still… he wouldn’t be much use if he was dehydrated, would he?
Holding up his hand to get her attention, Ash said, “Me too.”
Jo had managed to locate a handful of angels, and get them back to Heaven through the rifts, but it hadn’t had any effect on the fluctuating power. The lights were still flickering on and off… plus, they now had another problem; it seemed that some of Loki’s men had returned. Loki had probably realized that they’d escaped…
Eileen raised an eyebrow, and gave Dean a knowing smile.
Clearly in no mood to indulge Dean’s pathetic attempt at humor, Crowley clutched his head in his hands and turned away in anger, leaning on the cracked surface of the vanity. To avoid punching his brother, Sam stomped back to the door to the stage, and stood, his back pointedly turned to his brother. Jo adopted a similar tactic by sitting with a newspaper held right in front of her face. Only Bobby was unaffected by the rising irritation in the room, and he silently carried on trying, and failing, to open the cookie tin.
“Does the rolling help actually?” Sam asked with disdain.
Dean tried to skip past them, but the guy in front stepped right in front of him, blocking his way pretty effectively. Unlike his companions, he was wearing an ill-fitting trench coat over his suit, and his blue tie was slightly twisted. Dean took in the rest of his appearance, noting that he had the kind of wind-blown hair that Dean would like to run his fingers through, gorgeous pink lips, and the most startling blue eyes he had ever seen. “Dean,” he started, in a rich, gravelly voice, that was so deep it felt almost otherworldly.
Dean decided it was time for lunch, and he wondered if he could encourage Angel to make something again. Or, maybe they could even make something together.
That was a very good question; why was Angel not upset by the name? Dean knew very little about what Angel had suffered, but what with the wings and the Enochian, the evidence was pointing towards it being connected with angels in some way.
Angel took it and drank gratefully, and Dean poured him another. It probably wasn’t a great idea to drink nothing but fruit juice though, and Dean knew he would have to order some alternative drinks tomorrow.
“Apparently not.” Dean shrugged.
Dean thought, and he thought he saw a flicker of recognition in those blue eyes. Had that filtered through to Castiel like some kind of prayer?
They followed him once more, stopping outside a long room, filled with rows of little tables, and a small group of angels, who were watching the proceedings with wonder. As the angels saluted the ‘hunters’, Dean became aware that he wasn’t the only human who was enamoured with one of their celestial hosts; Jo and Hannah were definitely making heart eyes at each other.
Looking between them, Dean asked, “Anybody else?”
He should have seen this coming; why wouldn’t Cas’s family want him back? He wanted to throw up… or was he going to cry instead? Every fibre of his being was urging him to beg Cas to stay; to shout ‘don’t go’. But he couldn’t do that, could he? Cas had had more than enough decisions taken away from him, so despite what he wanted, Dean would have to stay quiet.
Cas nodded, and self-consciously ran his hand through his hair.
“I'm just jazzed about being on the show, man,” Ash replied.
“What? Find them!” Loki raged.
‘Yes’.
It had been a long six days, waiting for their date, but
“Alright, Ed, we’re here. How do we open this thing?” Dean and Castiel had reached the safe, and now they were staring at it. There was no dial... no numbers on its door; in fact, all there was were a set of coloured buttons. Red, green, blue, and yellow, to be exact.
Every instinct Dean had was telling him to comfort Angel with a reassuring touch, but he held back, not wanting to add to the distress. He could offer soothing words though. "It'll soon be over," he said. "It should only sting for a second or two."
"Heya, Sammy. You got any news?" Dean asked, the moment Sam was through the door.
“It’s no big deal.” He shrugged nonchalantly. “Now, eat your food before it gets cold, Angel.”
“Well, technically speaking, you’re right. But he’s gonna be so mad when he finds out.”
Dean had to stop himself from kicking out at the door frame in frustration, but this incident forced him to acknowledge that he needed to get to the bottom of what had happened to Angel. It was only right that the person - or persons - responsible for treating another human being so appallingly should face justice.
It's me. We're family. I need you… I love you.”
“Here. We’re going here.”
Dean made very sure to keep his hands away from Angel’s as they worked. He understood the need to not touch Angel unexpectedly, but… he was also concerned about what he would do if Angel didn’t flinch. What would he do if he left his hand there? Dean was almost afraid to find out; it was still too soon.
Was it wrong to enjoy this so much?
Dean felt like all the good he’d done over the last few weeks had been for nothing, and he felt like crying in despair.
Angel would listen as if Dean was telling him the most important thing he ever heard, and Dean started to wonder if he was really that fascinating.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice came through the computer, and he sounded utterly distraught.
The angel flinched beside him, but said nothing.
By the time Angel went wearily off to bed, Dean felt content in a way he hadn’t for, well… forever.
Neither of them had eaten a thing since last night, so even though Dean just wanted to stay on the sofa for the rest of the day, he trudged wearily to the kitchen in search of food.
By the time they’d finished eating and Dean had cleared the table, it was past midnight and Dean was exhausted. The last four hours or so had been pretty mind blowing, plus his arms were still aching from carrying Angel.
angels. They were Seraphs or Canaries. I can't really remember 'cause I was kind of hungover. But what they built was extraordinary. It looked just like Bobby’s house. I got to fight this god named Loki, and I kicked his ass!”
Dean finally drifted off to sleep, and had an upsetting dream in which he was trying to release a bird trapped in a cage.
Rounding a corner, Dean saw that they were in the Hunter Hub, with the decor and contents reminiscent of Robert’s living room.
“Oh, yeah. Thinking he's a real hunter!”
We are here to help
Dean couldn’t say why he did it, but he took hold of the lead ‘angel’s’ tie and straightened it. The guy said nothing, but he tilted his head and squinted his eyes at him.
As he was wondering if Angel would ever be able to communicate with anything more than a nod or shake of the head, a thought occurred to him. What if he gave him paper and a pen? Sure, it was old fashioned, and Dean wasn't even certain he had a pen, but it was worth a try, wasn't it?
“We're doing season two, episode twenty one?” Ash asked, in a panic.
After running the washcloth over Angel’s hair, his shoulders, chest and arms, then towelling him dry, Dean hesitated. He wasn’t sure if he should wash the wings, and the way Angel had them folded behind him seemed to be indicating that he didn’t want them touched. Or even for Dean to look at them.
“Sorry. Go ahead,” Dean said, putting his hand on the handle, but stopping before opening the door. “I’m pretty sure he’s not hearing impaired, by the way. He seems to understand everything I say, but for some reason he won’t speak. The only time he uses his voice is when he’s having a nightmare, and he cries out.”
Dean Winchester was feeling upbeat. He'd had a very pleasant encounter with a fan on the way to the convention, and on top of that, the way the fans here had welcomed him onto the stage made him feel loved… validated. Sure the rest of the cast were pissed at him for being late, but the thing that fan did with his tongue was fucking amazing. Or maybe it was the other thing they were pissed about - the solo gig.
“You wanna give it a test run later?”
“Wait, Dean. What about me?” Jo asked. “What do I do?”
“Cas, can you fly?” Dean asked, in awe.
Family don’t end with blood.
This was going to be awkward as hell, but Dean knew that it had to happen eventually. He still felt the bile rising inside him, though; he hated that he’d kept this from Sam.
Managing to lift his head a little, Dean was able to see people peering at him through the glass, and from the way they were dressed, they looked like cosplayers. Why were they at his house?
There was no way Dean could take him.
“So far, so good.”
Thankfully, Gabriel was on hand to diffuse the situation with some sarcasm. “Claire is very grateful to you too. She’s so overcome with emotion, she doesn’t know what to say.”
They seemed pleasant enough; certainly all the smiling they were engaging in would suggest that. Either that or it was fake and they were secretly kidnapping him.
Going back inside and pressing the elevator button, Dean was delighted to find that he had much less of a wait than he’d had previously, and this time it didn’t stop at any other floors. When he walked back through the front door he had been gone less than twenty five minutes, which he figured was pretty good going.
Walking around behind him, Dean stopped dead in his tracks at what he saw. As well as getting a good look at the quite stunning wings, he could see that Angel’s back was dotted with scars. It looked like he’d been repeatedly cut open.
“We’ve enjoyed preparing many of your esoteric dishes,” Castiel said, with enthusiasm. “Your Elvis burger is a current favorite of the adventurous.”
“I like the way you say angel.”
Dean watched as a tiny smile flicked across Cas’s face, before he turned to Naomi and struck her instead.
Should he even be thinking about such a question after only knowing Cas for a few weeks? Whatever it was, Dean knew one thing - he couldn't imagine his life anymore without Cas in it.
Castiel stared at him in wonder, and Dean knew that the prayer had reached him. A huge smile broke out on his face, and he nodded.
“Dean, please.” Sam tried reasoning with him, but it was obvious he knew it wouldn’t work. “We don’t even know where to look. Plus… there’s, um, something I haven’t told you.”
Dean felt foolish for thinking it might even be a possibility. He looked over at Cas, who was peering down at the paper - probably wondering how he’d won yet again - and in a moment of desperation, asked, “Best two out of three? Arm wrestling?”
A creepy smile spread across Jo’s face, and a chill ran down Dean’s spine.
“Congratulations, Cas. You’re officially the best at life,” Dean said, realising how odd that probably sounded to an angel.
He and Cas were back on an even keel with their friendship, and that was also something to celebrate. It turned out that Rowena gave really good advice, and a sincere heartfelt apology worked wonders with starting the healing process.
Dean told himself.
"Dean," Cas whispered, and Dean was suddenly torn between wanting to suck Cas's dick until he came down his throat, and really needing to kiss him. If Cas liked hearing Dean say Angel, surely that could be nothing compared to the soaring of Dean's heart when Cas said his name.
“No... no. It wasn’t like th-“ Dean started, but Gabriel interrupted him.
Was he ever actually going home, or was this an elaborate, but super confusing ploy to keep him there? Maybe they really had kidnapped him.
“His brother has one though, doesn’t he? We’ll just call him.” Chuck held up Dean’s computer, and switched it on, grabbing Dean’s hand roughly and opening it with his fingerprint.
“I know you’re probably worrying about how you’re gonna pay for them, but don’t. I can afford it, so just go ahead and choose some things, okay?”
Cas held up his hand, indicating that it should be five, and Dean couldn’t help laughing; it was good to see his sense of humour come out, especially after such a serious conversation.
Dean couldn't help but repeat the words along with his alter-ego, but he found himself stumbling over them.
Dean had recalled that in the show, they had been told by an angel that the samulet would burn hot in god’s presence. He figured that placing it near a Hand of God might have a similar effect, and if it worked as he hoped, the force generated would be enough to power up Heaven once more. Unfortunately, the thing was locked away in a safe in the basement of Robert’s house, along with the Colt, with a Raiders-type obstacle course protecting them.
“Night, Angel,” Dean said, as the man exited the bathroom and made his way uncertainly into the bedroom. He stopped long enough to nod in Dean’s direction, then closed the door behind him, and Dean let out a sigh of relief.
The evidence of how untrue Dean’s assertion was was unfolding right before Sam’s eyes. They had to do something, right now. “Please, Jo? And hurry,” he coaxed. His friend really couldn’t have picked a worse time to question her abilities.
“I dunno,” he shrugged, his voice thick, and lower than usual. “What’ve you got?” He winked playfully, as if he wasn’t actually engaging in some heavy duty flirting with his best friend.
he reprimanded himself.
Evidently, Castiel had done some thinking while they were apart, and decided that Dean had lied about the acting. Maybe that was just as well... although as Dean was hoping that Castiel would come back to earth with him, the truth was bound to come out eventually, wasn’t it?
L G BEE T Q
Dean enjoyed looking around the stalls and choosing the best produce, and by the time he set off back towards home, he was loaded down with vegetables, bread, and fruit. They were going to be super healthy if Dean had anything to do with it.
“You, y-you’re…” Cas hissed when Dean’s hand moved again.
As she gave them some kind of salute, Sam declared, “We’re coming too.”
Dean grinned back, and practically purred, “Awesome,” into the microphone.
Dean was too busy for this distraction though, and he ran off to find the rest of the cast. They were going to be stoked when he told them his story.
and bringing it to the library.
Dean watched Angel's expression go from a smile at the sight of Dean, to one of fear at the mention of a shower.
The crowd clapped, but the mood was becoming more uneasy by the second. They had paid good money to see the cast of the show, not someone little more than an extra, who had appeared in a handful of episodes.
Jo was making a cawing sound, and shouting, “Dean! They're coming! There's thousands of them, Dean! Run! They're coming! They're everywhere! Dean, they're everywhere!”
“I met this guy, but he’s having trouble communicating. I w-”
“Okay, what did I do?” Dean threw up his arms in defeat, as he looked around the room. He was clearly entirely unaware of what he was supposed to have done to warrant the anger being directed towards him.
BOBBY
Angel nodded, then readied himself by closing his eyes and gripping the sofa tightly again. Dean put in three stitches, working as swiftly as possible, knowing that if he slowed down it would just draw the pain out even longer.
The power and spectacle of those wings and the iridescent blue of his eyes, Angel’s deep thrusts inside of him as he was coming, and his hand, hot and tight around Dean’s shaft… it was too much.
Couldn’t they leave him alone to go back to sleep?
Dean couldn’t stop staring as the guy signed to Eileen. He understood enough to catch that the guy was apologising for being late, and that was because Claire only agreed to go if he wore a costume too.
Dean coughed awkwardly and looked away, before pouring himself another cup. He wasn’t going to get anything done at this rate, if he and Angel were going to spend all their time staring at each other.
Despite their best efforts, Crowley and Balthazar hadn’t managed to stop the grace-draining; it seemed that the combined strength of a demon and one angel just wasn’t enough. Then, just as Crowley was beginning to give up hope for the angels’ survival, the power miraculously stopped flickering, and one by one, the angels began to revive.
Dean came, spilling over his hand as he suppressed a groan.
Despite their childlike appearance, however, the more they watched them, the more unsettling Dean found them. There was something not quite right about them, and it seemed it wasn’t just him who felt it.
Dean thought, listening to the gasps of wonder from his crew at the sight in front of them.
After a minute or two, Dean decided that they needed to move, so he gently pried Angel's arms off him, and poked his head around the corner. There was no sign of Chuck, so Dean took Angel's hand and made a dash for home before they were spotted.
Almost feeling more pain than he had when Raphael slammed his head into the wall, Dean tried again to get through to him. “Cas, it’s me… Dean.”
“Dean and his gang will be signing autographs next to the Coke machines," Ash said, his final words before leaving the stage. He had done his job well, and gone above and beyond covering for Dean's lateness. Sam hoped the convention organizers would give him some extra money to reflect that, but in reality, he doubted that would happen.
“Fuck’s sake… really?” Dean jumped up and paced around the room. “He can’t just get away with what he’s done, Sam. Please tell me you’re still looking for him?”
Of course, Cas would be worrying about being pulled in by the cops because of his body modification; that made sense. Dean wasn’t entirely sure how they would get out though, as there were sure to be more police officers outside the building.
He nodded and got off the chair, and Dean thought he saw a hint of a smile playing on those lips. Dean tried not to show how pleased he was at Angel’s reaction, but he inwardly congratulated himself at making the right choice for their meal.
- if it wasn’t for the unrelenting way Castiel was kissing him, though he was managing to let out a few little noises.
A loud bang, like a heavy door being closed, filtered through to Dean, waking him from his sleep. When he fully came around, he had the mother of all headaches. That bastard had really done a number on him, and hadn’t even given him a chance to defend himself.
Dean held his hand out to Angel, who took it gingerly, then Dean led them to the bathroom.
Angel nodded, and gasped again as Dean began to stroke.
___________
Dean had already been through all of this, and he watched his ‘crew’ with a knowing smile, while they processed this information.
Dean staggered slightly, and interrupted her spiel. He had no desire to hear the story they’d concocted yet again. “I got most of this in the car. Loki is the bad guy, right?” Dean set off through the hallways towards the Hunter Hub, with his female companion trying to catch up with him.
“You mean earth?”
Anyway, the discussion had been good natured and full of laughter, and Dean had gone to bed full of cheer, and pie. Now, standing in the kitchen making coffee the morning after, Dean wondered what they would do with their day. There was nothing on the agenda, no plans at all, and then it hit him. They would have a game night, except it would start in the morning.
Couldn’t they just stay like this forever?
“Don’t you think it’s time we called it a night, Dean?” Sam asked, clearly not as bothered by the fact that Cas had won every damn game as Dean was.
Once Dean had submitted his order, he slapped his hands on his thighs and said decisively, "Time to get some work done, I guess."
“I know there's no ghosts or ghouls…”
It was Dean’s turn to laugh then. “That’s disappointing. Still… at least you’ve got the costume.”
"Hi, Claire." Dean held his hand out to her, but she just stared at him, in a way that reminded him of Cas; although Cas was generally more smiley.
“Don’t listen to this asshat! I’ll be fine!” Dean shouted, earning a painful yank of the chain holding his left leg. “Sonovabitch!”
As soon as Gabriel and Claire arrived the next morning, Claire asked if she could help Cas in the kitchen. Cas accepted her offer gratefully, so Dean and Gabriel left them to their cooking, and sat themselves on the sofa with their coffees.
Once he’d found the elusive thing they continued walking, and they soon found themselves outside the temple once more. They went inside with a degree of caution, but thankfully, there was no sign at all of the creatures, so they could concentrate on finding the object they were looking for. With the help of Crowley’s EMF meter, it only took a matter of moments to locate it - it was a plain golden crown - and Dean picked up the wooden box it was kept in, hurrying back outside, ready to leave this place.
His voice trailed off as Dean went under once more.
After he and Gabriel had helped tidy up, Dean announced that he was heading out to the market. He wanted to get some vegetables, as well as some nice fresh bread, and made a mental note of some dishes he and Cas could cook together.
“Yes,” Cas said, and Gabriel looked confused.
Dean stared dumbfounded, because yeah… it was cute and all, but this was supposed to be an adults night out. As he began to panic that he’d misunderstood the nature of their date, Cas started roaring with laughter and wiping the tears from his eyes.
Over the next few days, Dean lost track of how much sex he and Angel had, and when they weren’t going at it like rabbits, they could barely keep their hands off each other. During their lessons, Eileen insisted that their hands were strictly for signing, but the rest of the time it was a free for all.
“Takes one to know one.” Dean caressed Cas’s wing with his other hand.
His lips brushed over Dean’s, and Dean sighed contentedly into the kiss as he felt a buzz of electricity at the contact, and sparks rained around them. Or was it the disco lights?
Heading towards the store he was supposed to be at like, an hour ago, he could hear some excited chatter ahead of him; it sounded like some fans, who were discussing the Book of the Damned. He didn’t listen too hard though, as he was focused on nothing but the angel radio in his hand. Could he actually contact Blue Eyes with this? Not looking where he was going, he was about to see if the thing worked when he collided with something hard; it was a person, who fell to the ground with a thud, along with Dean’s angel radio.
Suddenly remembering the cast on Angel’s arm, Dean pointed at it, saying, “I’m just gonna get something to cut this off. You can use the john while I’m gone.”
An indeterminate time later, a persistent buzzing pulled Dean out of his sleep, and as he opened his eyes, it dawned on him; Eileen.
“We’ve got to help them,” Crowley said, looking around frantically for a solution.
“Fergus, it's you. Thank Chuck,” it said, in a voice Crowley recognized.
Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but their movements were as strange as their voices. Silted… mechanical.
Dean thought, as an idea struck him.
Making a decision to offer some kind of comfort, Dean sat on the edge of the bed and tentatively put his hand on Angel’s back between his wings, and began rubbing in a circular motion. Angel flinched at first, but after a few moments he became less tense and his breathing started evening out.
Cas didn’t contribute to the conversation, but he listened eagerly, and laughed heartily at some of the stories, especially the one about when Sam showed the school bully that he wasn’t someone to be messed with. Dean remembered how proud he’d been of his brother… and impressed, too. Sam had shown some unexpected combat skills, and no bully dared come near him after that.
When he’d disposed of the washcloth, Cas laid down next to Dean and brushed the hair from his forehead. Unlike Dean, Cas was still wearing his boxers.
All the children were wearing fancy dress involving bees in some form or another, and while most of them were dressed as bees, some were more inventive. Like the little girl in a beekeeper’s outfit, and yes it was all adorable as hell, and… Dean suddenly forgot what his objection was, because he became focused on the two people who had just walked into the room.
Dean waved his hand to indicate all the bee related paraphernalia in Sam and Eileen’s house. “Big coincidence, huh? What’re the odds?”
“A lathe? Get off the line, Ash!” Dean practically screamed, before appealing to Crowley for help. “Crowley, you're my advisor. Advise me!”
Dean thought for a moment before replying. “When we were kids, I always let Sammy win. Then he became smarter than me and he started beating me on his own, and I just wanted to win for once. I didn’t think I’d lose every time to a sneaky angel.” He grinned at Cas to let him know there were no hard feelings.
Cas took hold of Dean’s hand, and led him out of the alleyway and into the light.
Despite this display of bravado, however, it was clear for everyone to see that Loki’s words weren’t quite ringing true. He might be talking a big game, but there was fear in his eyes.
Blindly, Cas raised his hand as if to strike Dean, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the murderous expression on his face.
“That’s… thanks, Sam. You’re the best.” Dean smiled and ended the call, then turned to Cas. “You’re free, Cas. Chuck’s gone, and the police are gonna leave you alone.”
Onstage, and about to introduce the actors, Ash was dismayed to receive the signal from a member of the stage crew that they were
It might not be either of those options, of course, but Dean found that his pants were suddenly getting tighter, just thinking about the possibilities.
He was amazed at how far Angel had come in just a few short days, and how comfortable he obviously felt with Dean. It was kind of awesome.
“So we’re going to retrieve the samulet?” Castiel asked weakly, his face a blank mask.
Dean watched Gabriel type something into his screen, then read the information he needed.
Cas nodded. “Yes.”
It was almost as if the world of monsters and hunters was real.
“Yoo-hoo. Hello?” he said into the device, laughing at his own silliness, and momentarily unaware that Blue Eyes and Samandriel had left the room.
Dean swaggered out onto the stage, pointing his finger guns at the stage crew, the crowd, and his fellow cast members.
After what felt like hours, Dean broke off the eye contact, and glanced behind him into the room. He didn’t want to look away, but he really should get ready at some point. Dean opened the door wide enough for all his visitors to enter, paying close attention to the way Blue Eyes moved as he walked. “Come on in,” he said, very much liking what he saw.
Angel jumped at the sudden noise, and Dean held up his hand in apology. "Sorry, man," he said, before going across the room to pick up his guitar.
“We're just here to negotiate Loki's surrender. It's no big deal,” Dean explained. It really wasn’t a big deal, and he couldn’t understand why they were giving him so much shit about it.
His expression soon changed to one of incredulity, however, when Dean leaned toward him, saying, “Robert, answer the phones.”
“Where the hell is he? An hour and a half late? An hour and a half.” Jo stayed seated in her chair, discarding her newspaper in disgust and throwing her hands up in the air.
“You know that makes you the best dad in the world, don’t you? I’m not sure many men would step up to the plate like that.”
“Yes,” Hannah assured him, just about managing to tear her gaze away from Jo’s.
Angel was still in the bathroom, and it would take Eileen at least a couple of minutes to get up here. If Angel came out before she arrived, he could just tell him to hide in the bedroom and keep quiet. Of course, it didn’t work out that way, and very soon Dean heard a knock on the door.
The room was plunged into darkness, and Dean fell silent as the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Things had gone from somewhat entertaining, to irritating, to kind of terrifying.
Ed’s tone was friendly, but his message was to the point. “No time for pleasantries, Harry. We have a level five emergency. You've still got the walk-through for the vault, right?”
. Now for the hard part.
” Castiel couldn’t keep still, and he started thrusting into Dean’s mouth in time with Dean’s movements.
Sadly, the expressions on the faces of Sam, Crowley, and Jo told him that they were unmoved. In contrast, Ash had a sappy grin on his face, as if this was the best thing that had ever happened to him… which it almost certainly was.
hunters. Heaven had suffered a series of heavy losses at the hands of Loki, and with the absence of their God, the angels were losing hope... losing faith.
“What the hell happened to you, huh?” Dean asked, not expecting an answer, as he sat next to Angel and gently took hold of his chin to start washing the uninjured side of his face. When it was clean he switched to the side with the graze, dabbing at it, rather than wiping it. Although doing it like this would take longer, he figured this had to be less painful for the guy. Also, there was really no avoiding that gaze now; to Dean it felt as if the guy was trying to see into his soul.
He also remembered when the main street was full of stores, selling food, clothes, furniture… even books. Then as more and more people began to do all of their shopping online, those stores closed one by one, until they were all gone. Now all that was left was the occasional store for emergency shopping and those unfortunates at the bottom of the chain, a few restaurants and bars, hair salons, nail salons, tanning salons, and giant warehouses where the employees picked your order from the shelves and prepped it for delivery. Even the old gas stations didn’t exist anymore, now that the vehicles were all electric, or driverless. Dean shuddered inwardly at the thought of having a driverless car; that was too much to contemplate. Thank goodness for the weekly farmers’ market that still attracted enough interest to keep it viable. The fresh produce it provided to the town’s inhabitants was most welcome, plus it afforded an opportunity for people to interact with one another for a short time.
The cruel taunts devastated Dean; cutting him deeply, like a knife to the heart. Yeah, it was true he wasn’t getting much acting work these days, but his fans - their fans - loved these conventions. They were always sold out, dammit. That meant something, surely.
“Doesn’t she talk?” Dean asked Samandriel.
“One last question. When I find the guy, can I beat the shit out of him, or do you wanna do it?”
Dean thought as a guy he was pretty sure he hadn’t seen before, dressed the same as the other cosplayers, approached Blue Eyes. He looked distressed. “Sir, it’s Loki. He’s here.”
They both nodded solemnly, then Dean opened the door and they went inside, where Cas was standing anxiously in the middle of the room. The conflicting emotions on his face at the sight of his family were too much for Dean to bear, and he found that he was unable to stop himself from crying.
all Sam could see was Dean hitting their friend, and to make matters worse, she was a woman, who was tiny compared to him. Dean knew how bad this must look.
Dean wasn't sure of this at all, but he hoped his reassurance would keep Angel placated while he spoke to Eileen. Joining her in the kitchen once more, Dean made sure he was facing her so she could read his lips before speaking. “Please don’t tell Sam.”
Angel stared at him in what could only be described as wonder, as he processed Dean’s words, until Dean began to feel uncomfortable himself.
“Castiel,” he’d replied with a shudder, his voice impossibly deeper.
Angel signed ‘no’, and shook his head.
Dean was starting to feel like he was getting mixed signals. Maybe Blue Eyes wasn't interested in him after all, which was disappointing. “Yeah, yeah. Long live... what was your place called?” he said, half-heartedly
Three months had passed since Dean Winchester’s greatest adventure... not that every day with Cas wasn’t an adventure all of its own. The sex was outstanding - sometimes bordering on supernatural - Cas didn’t understand any of his references, and they never did have that talk about
“How about that dragon?” Bobby suggested, as Ash nodded in agreement.
Sam thought. He needed an explanation, right now. “Hold, please,” he said before pressing the mute button on his angel radio, and turning to Samandriel.
Dean stood up from his chair, stopping the question with an, “Excuse me for a minute, fellas,” to the young man, before walking away. He knew he should probably have stayed and talked to them, but he felt drawn to Jo; he was fairly certain he had seen a look of desire in her eyes. The little voice telling him that it might have actually been disgust had to be wrong, surely.
“I dunno. Where exactly is ‘here’?”
"There you go, now you're in charge," Dean said with an encouraging grin, before leaving him to it.
Before Dean could get a better look, he noticed the guy glance past his shoulder, and then he was grabbed from behind and his arms were pinned to his side. He attempted to wriggle free, but the guy behind him dragged him into the nearest alleyway, the asshole who’d waylaid him following after.
Held in an iron tight grip, he and the rest of the cast were being forcibly marched along a hallway towards the Hunter Hub by Loki’s... men? Followers? He struggled futilely against the asshat, but all he got in return for his efforts was a sock in the mouth.
Crowley looked decidedly unimpressed by the whole exchange, but Sam had no objections to Ash joining them, and he smiled back in encouragement.
Dean shook his head, took Angel's hand in his, and brought it to his mouth to gently kiss the knuckles. "I'm not upset. It’s just… you spoke, and I wasn’t expecting it, and…
BACK TO SCENE
“Tell them,” Dean encouraged her, gesturing to the rest of the cast, who all looked extremely unimpressed.
Dean thought, as he stared at them in astonishment, shaking his head. If it wasn’t for Blue Eyes, he would be hightailing it out of there.
“Move.” The thug with Sam’s gun waved it at them then, and gestured for them to start walking.
Sam Winchester as Samuel Wesson
The night was dull and grey, and the neon cross on the church nearby was a beacon in the darkness, welcoming those in need of spiritual guidance. As they approached the building, Dean was about to remark on how much he admired Chuck for keeping the church open despite the fall in numbers, when the man in question appeared in the doorway, with a woman who Dean recognised as a regular attendee named Naomi.
“I’m gonna take the coat off you and see where you’re hurt now. Is that okay?” Dean asked as gently as possible, while kneeling on the floor next to the sofa.
Thankfully, the electric razor he had pretty much meant zero chance of injury. He took it out of the cabinet and handed it to Angel, who looked it over closely before bringing it to his chin.
“Prepare a spell for the female.”
“And you only just decided to tell us?” Claire interrupted. “Great… really great.”
Ash gripped Sam tighter and screamed, “Mommy!”
“You both look shifty; like you’re trying to hide something. Plus Angel is glowing brighter than I’ve ever seen him.”
Dean filled the silence with as much small talk as he could think of, saying things like, "I hope you're gonna like what I cook," and "In this jar is the best damn jelly I ever tasted."
Gabriel and Claire’s expressions had turned murderous, and Dean couldn’t blame them. This story was all sorts of fucked up.
“Fuck!” Sam exclaimed, before holding up a hand to Claire in apology. “This is a bad idea.”
Just as he was about to ask Angel to please hurry up, the fingers were withdrawn, and he heard the rustling of a condom wrapper. There was a beat of hesitation, before Dean found himself on his back once more, and he was staring into Angel’s faintly glowing blue eyes.
That was all it took, and Castiel cried out and his eyes glowed with his grace again, as his come flooded Dean’s mouth. Dean swallowed it all as it pulsed out, and he marvelled that it had a unique taste, just like Castiel.
Now that Dean's eyes had adjusted to the light, he could see a cut on the man's leg and a graze on his face. "Oh man, I need to get you to the hospital. C'mon, can you walk?"
Dean had considered that, but he’d seen no evidence of any injury that indicated head trauma. He was convinced that the memory loss was as a result of something Chuck had done. “Nah, it’s something else. I’m sure of it.”
“Of course you didn’t hurt Cas… sorry, man. It’s just hard to know who to trust anymore.”
. We’re gonna have a game night.”
Clicking on the screen, Dean was horrified to see Eileen waving into the camera.
“Nothing, I just thought it'd be more complicated than that.” Dean pressed the button, and was amazed to feel the door opening. Inside it sat the samulet, but there was no sign of the Colt. He had no idea what had happened to it; all he could hope was that the bad guys hadn’t gotten hold of it.
How much should he tell them though? Should he speak to Cas first, in case he didn’t want to see them? It was a dilemma, which lasted all of a minute, while Dean typed out a message to Gabriel.
Undeterred, Sam gestured towards the creatures, as a slightly smaller one joined them, dragging its leg. The others parted to let it pass, and Sam smiled. “See? They're gonna help the little hurt one.”
“When Christianity became the dominant religion in the region, Loki was furious. He believed that he should still be worshipped as their god, and when he found that the other gods didn’t agree with him he became vengeful. The gods were not interested in Loki’s petty and spiteful games, so he turned his attention to the angels. He killed some of us, banished some to alternate universes, and bent others to his will. We fought each other in vicious battles. The foolishness! And it was in this time of dissension that Loki…”
Suddenly realising that Angel wasn’t going to answer, Dean mentally kicked himself, before asking, “Fruit?”
When Dean was satisfied that the arm was properly situated, he placed the other half of the cast over the top to hold it in place, then started gluing the two pieces together. Fifteen minutes later, he had finished his task, and Angel's arm was encased perfectly in its temporary shell.
Dean thought, as he used the bathroom himself, before getting comfortable on his makeshift bed. Luckily, he was so tired he didn’t have the energy to lie there tossing and turning, fretting about his mysterious guest. Sleep took him under almost as soon as he hit the pillow, and he slept soundly until a noise woke him at three twenty seven, according to his clock. He bolted upright, listening to see if he could hear it again.
“Yeah, but that's when I thought I was the character who gets saved at the last minute by the heroes. But now I'm thinking I'm the guy who gets killed by some monster, five minutes after we get to the alternate universe.”
As the afternoon crawled by, the light and colours changed in the apartment again, and the only sound was the strumming of the guitar. Dean had to admit to himself that he really liked this; it was peaceful and relaxing, and he was almost reluctant to turn on the light when it got too dark to see.
“Corbett, do you have the sequence yet?” Ed inquired of another of his friends.
“Are you two…” He pointed at them, and raised an eyebrow in question.
Normally he would have carried on for another half an hour or so, but he could cut it short for once. It's not like he was working toward a deadline.
“Is there anything else you want?” Cas asked, his voice barely above a whisper.
“Yeah, but go easy. I don’t want him running off because you’ve scared him.”
“Well, maybe you need to try harder,
Eileen indicated that she needed to go back to supervise the children, so Dean decided it was about time he attended to his co-hosting duties and offer his assistance.
Now that they were out of the rain, Angel was shivering violently from the cold. Dean really had to get him inside and out of those wet clothes, but for the moment, there was another way he could help him. As a joke, he had bought Sam an old fashioned gumshoe-style trench coat when he made detective. He hadn’t actually gotten around to giving it to him yet though, and it still sat in a bag in the trunk.
The door opened to reveal three figures; huge, with wings and multiple faces, and radiating a brightness that was almost too much to look at. When they opened their mouths, the noise they emitted was a kind of static, and it felt like it was shattering his eardrums.
"Morning, sunshine," Dean said, then felt his face colouring with embarrassment at how easily that term of endearment tumbled out of his mouth.
“There, that’s better,” Dean said with a smile, as he finished drying his hands and got up off the floor stiffly after so much kneeling.
The guy didn't answer, he just stared up at Dean, blinking the rain out of his eyes.
When the food and coffee was all finished, Angel put down his fork and stared back. His blue eyes were piercing, and…
As Jo tentatively picked up the book and began to recite the words over the correct bowl, Samandriel squealed in excitement. Jo immediately stopped, and she, Sam and Crowley turned to Samandriel as one, to shoot him a look that said ’shut the fuck up’.
Angel signed ‘yes’, and Benny immediately got to work with his tape measure with the minimum of fuss, noting everything down on his computer. Somehow he managed to get all the measurements he needed without having to touch Angel, and Dean was impressed.
Gabriel sat next to him, and took a deep breath. “You left here at, what… ten forty?”
But, no… Sam and the others would never forgive him.
Dean was struggling to open his eyes - it felt like someone had glued them shut. As he gradually came back to the land of the living, he realized that it was morning, and he was lying on the floor of his conservatory.
“Sam doesn’t know?” For the first time since the conversation started, Benny looked shocked.
“Shut up,” Dean retorted.
“Go for the mouth or the throat, its vulnerable spots!” Bobby continued.
“Hey, while we’re about it, let’s hit that blue meanie with everything we’ve got.”
“No,” Cas replied, and Dean was suddenly confused as all hell about what they were doing up there. If they jumped, they would be injured a lot more severely than Cas had been when Dean first found him. This would kill them… surely?
___________
“What did he say?” Dean asked.
(slowly turns bourbon glass in his hand)
Dean played for a little while longer, and there were moments when he swore that he could hear Angel humming along with the music. Knowing that Angel liked the tune he'd written made him happier than he could say. Hopefully he would like the lyrics too, when Dean added them.
Cas ran his hands through Dean's hair, and spread his legs, all the while making the most sinful noises. Dean didn't let up for one second, anticipating that moment when Cas would let go and flood his mouth with the proof of his arousal. A few more bobs of his head and flicks with his tongue, and Cas did just that; throwing his head back and making unintelligible noises until he was spent.
Eileen peered at him, then over at Angel, who was standing in the middle of the living room. “Well, it's about time,” she laughed.
Dean had had a couple of serious relationships over the years - a lovely young woman named Cassie, and a sweet man named Aaron - and he realised how much he missed moments like this. It could be all too easy to get used to it.
episode twenty one, right?” Bobby interjected, in an obvious attempt to distract Ash. “Season
“Sure,” Dean said, looking down at the little girl in her adorable costume, then back up at her dad. He chuckled as he attempted some lighthearted banter. “You know the fancy dress was only for the kids, right?”
“Ah, they bring a new leader,” Loki boomed, and Samandriel cowered in fear.
"He's only said a couple of words so far," Dean explained. "My guess is, Angel thinks he should learn more signs, in case he struggles to say any more. Or he can't speak again, for whatever reason. Am I right?"
“No, but-”
“You don’t know?” This was suddenly the closest they had gotten to the question of whether Angel knew who he was, and now that they had broached the subject, Dean needed confirmation.
Chuck retreated, and Dean considered what he’d just implied. This table was where Chuck did his experiments, and if Dean pissed on it, it would be Cas lying in his mess. That had to be one of the most fucked up things he’d ever heard; Chuck was one devious motherfucker.
“Oh man, I’m so fucking s-“ Dean started, but stopped himself before that damn word left his mouth again. “I’m… gonna put this bandage on the wound, clean you up and get you out of these wet clothes. I mean, er… get some dry clothes on you. Then I’ll fix us something to eat, oh… and get you some painkillers. Sound good?” He knew he was rambling, but the way Angel was staring at him was disconcerting, to say the least.
Ed knew he was supposed to be doing his chores, but he was trying to get his EMF meter to work, with absolutely no help from Dean Winchester. “Mother, I'm quite busy.”
___________
“He's pathetic!” A voice cut through his thoughts.
Maybe Sam was right; they did seem harmless. Dean had barely finished that thought, before the creatures’ appearance suddenly changed into something truly terrifying. Their eyes became hollow pits, and their mouths bloody o’s full of teeth, and Dean knew he had seen this somewhere before.
“Sure,” said Dean, before explaining the game in minute detail.
“Hey, Dean,” Kevin greeted cheerfully. “Nice night for a walk, huh?”
“Friend?” Crowley complained bitterly, fighting against Dean’s attempts to get him back inside. “You stole all my best lines, you cut me out of episode one hundred and two entirely!”
It wasn’t long at all - probably less than half an hour - when Chuck returned, full of self-congratulation. “Good news. You’re going home,” he said. “But first, I’m going to knock you out again; I don’t believe you’ll behave yourself.”
Ed answered in the affirmative, “Yes.”
“Oh, for fuck’s sake. Any kind of signal,” Dean replied.
Dean suspected as much, but he’d hoped he might be mistaken.
The buzz of the door cam made them both jump, and Dean let go of him. "Stay here, I'll be back in a couple of minutes."
being a show, and not a documentary. With the show being recommissioned, and filming ready to start tomorrow, he really couldn’t put it off any longer.
As he switched the coffee machine on, Dean wondered if Claire would prefer something different to drink. When he walked back out to the living room, however, he heard something that caused him to stop dead, the words dying in his throat.
“Okay then.” Gabriel visibly relaxed, and smirked at his brother. “I guess this changes everything.”
“You want me to turn him off?” he asked. “If he’s making you uncomfortable, or…” he trailed off, wondering if the very obvious mechanical appearance of his ‘dog’ was freaking Angel out. It would be perfectly understandable, given the circumstances.
When Dean returned to the living room, Angel and Benny were seated next to each other, and Benny was asking questions.
“Hey, brother,” Benny said in his southern drawl. “Good to see ya.”
Dean really didn’t want him to leave, but how the hell was he going to get him to stay?
Without moving from where they stood, the entire group began casting glances around the room; first down at the floor, then up to the ceiling.
Jo started the spell once more, and everyone in the room took in a breath at the sight of a rift opening on the other side of the room. On the screen, meanwhile, Dean executed a dramatic leap over Lupir, and landed with a thud on the ground on the other side of it. As he lay there with the thing advancing towards him, the rift opened in front of it, the creature running through it before it vanished.
Dean had no idea what game Blue Eyes was playing, but he went with it, lightly caressing him on the arm. “Yeah, earth. I need to get back to earth.”
Angel examined his arm, and from the way he was able to move it, it was perfectly healed.
“Excuse me, Dean. Hey!” The young man, who appeared to be their designated spokesperson, said, “I was wondering if you could help settle a dispute that my friend and I seem to be having. If you remember, in season one episode four…”
“No one even bothered to ask what I do on the show,” Sam complained.
Cas looked as surprised as he was, and his smile was breathtaking. He soared up into the sky, and Dean felt a woosh as the air rushed past them. It was exhilarating, and Dean was astonished - and delighted - to see that Cas’s eyes were glowing blue again, and he was shining brighter than ever before.
“I don't think the dragon was Lupir,” Sam said, wondering what fresh hell Dean was going to face now. They didn’t have to wait long to find out, as a monster that somehow looked like a cross between a vampire and a werewolf came into view behind Dean.
“No, this is Heaven.” Dean couldn’t wait to show them what else was here. “Would you like to see their vehicles?”
“Yes,” Cas interrupted. “God, yes.”
Continuing with his pity party, Ash added, “For all you know, I'm just the unnamed character who gets killed at the start of the episode.”
“A code?” Loki asked again.
"No?" Dean shook his head. "Okay… tomorrow. I'll check your injuries though, when I'm dressed."
When Dean awoke in the morning, sunlight was streaming through the window. Belatedly realising that the lack of drapes or blinds in the living room was going to be a problem if he wanted to sleep late, he sat up and noted the time. Eight-oh-two.
“Jeeze, you’re gonna get pneumonia if we don’t get you outta those wet clothes,” Dean said, holding out the coat. “Let’s put this around you and get you up to my apartment.”
Dean coughed. “Do you think you’d be okay taking a shower on your own?”
Cas trembled slightly, and Dean was suddenly full of anticipation of what was to come once they were alone again.
They were lying in bed naked later that night, holding each other, and Dean was absent-mindedly trailing his fingers up and down Cas’s arm. He softly nipped at Cas’s lips, before pulling back, and gazing into his eyes. They weren’t as blue as they had been, but some colour had returned.
They were lying in bed, and Cas was on top of him, pressing him into the mattress and peppering his face with kisses.
They were now in a large but empty room, and Dean tripped over a step he hadn’t spotted on the floor. Thankfully, Blue Eyes put his hands out to help steady him, his hands holding on to him a few moments longer than necessary.
"Poor guy," Benny said, shaking his head sadly. "How can I help?"
Angel paused shovelling food into his mouth long enough to shoot him a smile.
“Ed, I remember you. From the convention, right? You asked all those little technical questions about the EMF meter, and I was a little short with you.”
Cas says his name like he always does— as if Dean deserves— Cas always says his name like it means more than it should. Dean shuts the hell up. And Cas chokes out again, “Dean—”
in the same breath. He can’t hear Sam finish his sentence about the world being
“We brought him back,” Dean croaks out. “I brought him back.”
Eventually, Dean peeks out from his hands. He says, “You can finish the fries if you want.”
He likes the work. Likes being one of the guys who actually drives a stickshift on the regular, ‘cause everyone else who works at the shop is about twenty, meaning they’re all kids with automatics saving up for Teslas. Likes working with his hands and knowing what he’s doing.
“What do you like to wear?”
there, he thinks, and then he thinks— why the hell does that matter? He says, “I— that’s none of your goddamn business.”
“Fire an’ brimstone, the whole nine yards,” Dean says casually, and then swallows and absolutely can’t make himself speak.
Hi Dean. Here’s the deal: you raised me right. I don’t ever want you to worry about that. You gave me a sense of self. Sometimes I think about all the ways my body got taken from me, sometimes in ways that you made happen too, and I still think that I’m so fucking lucky I got the childhood I did. I know that doesn’t make any sense to you but what I mean is you supported my self-esteem. We ribbed each other like brothers, of course we did, but you made me feel like I was important. Like I — Sam Winchester — mattered. That might not mean much to you but it was the foundation for who I am today. What I’m trying to say is that some of the crap that rolls off me only rolls off because you built me up.
Sam snorts. “Dean. He looks like a middle-aged white dude.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean says, because for all it hurts right now, it’s— it’s a breakup. They’ll get through it, or they won’t, and Dean doesn’t have time to think about it right now, ‘cause Sam’s in front of him with his thumb over his palm and his knee bouncing restlessly. “Don’t apologize. Journaling was a good suggestion. Hell, maybe I really will start one.”
This is what he should tell the kids about, instead of bullshit about how to load a gun (yikes) or what to do if your codependent relationship with your brother leads you to kill your undead not-boyfriend (oops) or how to avoid arrest while still causing maximum disturbance for the local cops (okay, that’s still useful). He should tell them about this. The fact that you really can get it right — and you can get it wrong, catastrophically wrong, and still, afterwards, get it right, through some inexplicable but genuine stroke of luck and faith. Like the peak of a mountain, you’ll look around and suddenly, instantly, irreversibly, you’ll be able to see the acres and acres of life that you couldn’t see before ‘cause you were still climbing your way up and had your nose to the cliff face the whole goddamn time.
“This is stupid,” Dean says to Sam. “We shouldn’t be lettin’ him go out there alone.”
It’s a dangerous moment. The longer Dean spends without Cas’s mouth on his the more he starts to think this is a fucking terrible idea. As he tosses his flannel over the back of the couch he thinks, he’s no good for anything but this, and they both know it—
. Suddenly, he’s so angry it hurts. Why the hell is Cas always on his way out, huh? Doesn’t he get it? Doesn’t Dean do enough, huh, what the hell does he have to do to make Cas want to stay?
“Guys—”
“Is that—” Dean asks, voice cracking, because he has to confirm it. Because he wants Cas to say it.
“But this? The kind of love you’re askin’ from me?”
Mary looks at him, having a panic attack in her living room. “Do you want me to shut up and let you recover?”
“Okay, alcohol,” Dean repeats, clicking around. “Not a shojo, though?”
“Yes, my whole damn life. You think—” Dean rolls out from under the covers in a fit of something or other, chest heaving, makes it to the other side of the bed so he doesn’t have to look at Cas. To the empty space in front of him, he says, “Y’know what? I don’t have to listen to this—”
Pretty much the only thing about the whole Cas situation that doesn’t lead to a dumpster fire in Dean’s brain is the sex, which is the last thing Dean expected. Dean, it turns out, is bisexual. Which he probably shoulda figured out and gotten okay with before going and committing to fucking a man for the rest of his godforsaken life, but that woulda taken five billion years and he’s only got the next few decades with Cas, so. Time to speedrun it.
“I— I suppose I didn’t give it any thought.” Cas pauses. “Did I… do it wrong?”
“I’m saying that maybe…” And Sam’s cheek twitches, and he says, “Maybe you still think you gotta settle for what you can get. Like you don’t deserve any better.”
“You’d think she’d realize we’re supposed to be the ones giving her advice,” Dean says, relaxing unaccountably in Cas’s presence. And then tensing, because he— he shouldn’t get to have this. Cas, looking at him like that, easy and generous, and Dean’s own hoarding, his own restlessness vying with his greed. He just wants Cas to look at him, and to stay.
“Shit.” That’s… a new one. “I never, uh. I never really thought about it like that.”
“Dean,” she sighs. “Give me the box.”
There is a great rushing — like the loud heat of a house fire, or the oceanic fury of a bad engine on a scorned highway — and then nothing. Blank. Empty.
And he says, “Told Cas I wasn’t in love with him.”
Still. She puts her mind to it, the way everyone expects her to, and because it’s nice to have a problem to solve. “There’s something itching at me about Castiel’s resurrection,” she says, because she’s thinking about it. “I feel like I haven’t learned enough about how hunting works these days to draw conclusions, though.”
“A work in progress,” Cas murmurs, dropping his pen to reach a hand up and pet at Dean’s hair. Dean closes his eyes, and holds him tighter, buries his nose deeper.
“So, what, I didn’t want things enough?” Dean thinks about it. All of his helpless desperation for Cas, his dirty hands all over him. “Sam, I— I made my choices,
“And it doesn’t matter to you that we’re…”
“Ha,” Cas exhales, walking closer to stand next to Dean. It’s warm in here, in the greenhouse. Dean shifts and puts his hands in his pockets. “No.” And he looks Dean in the eyes — the way he always does, yeah, Sam calls them out on it now but where else is Dean supposed to look, with those eyes cutting through him crisp and clean?
Jesus Christ. Dean eyes him, keeps catching on his profile as he looks up. “Cas, man.”
“Fair ‘nough.” Dean picks at the label of his bottle while Sam sips carefully at his drink. “Eileen comin’ around anytime soon? Could make up a nice dinner or somethin’.” Just to be a dick, he grins. “No onions, I promise.”
“St—stupid,” Dean hitches out, eventually, once he gets a hold of his voice. “Been more’n a decade—”
And Jack is up in Heaven, according to Cas, and Eileen and Sam are sickeningly cute, and Cas is—
Dean blinks. “I— what?”
“You can say that again.” Sam watches Mom through the floor-to-ceiling windows, under the neon OPEN sign. She looks young. None of them really have a good idea of how old her body was when she was raised, but Sam is pretty sure she was the age she was when she died. Twenty-nine. She could power through five more nights like this, easy. Sam remembers the way her hands twitched on the steering wheel as she looked at the sky through the windshield, and he is absolutely certain she doesn’t belong in the bunker, under the dirt.
“You’re— stunning,” Cas murmurs, voice catching in the middle of it, as he pushes the flannel off Dean’s shoulders. “Let me—”
“You already call me that,” Dean replies, just as soft, feeling it like the gift that it is. His partner.
“I wanted something that wasn’t destructive.” Sam says, “I never said I wanted out of the life. That’s not what this is about. I’m saying I want— I want something that feels
“Not sure who the hell you are,” Dad says, with his goddamn 5906 in Brian’s face, and Dean screws the cap back onto his whiskey. “But far as I’m aware, my son’s supposed to be watching out for his little brother inside that motel room, so either you’ve got some kinda spell on him or he’s just forgotten what the hell the word
“Would you like to join me, Dean?” Cas asks eventually, once the sun is all the way under and the half moon lights his cheekbones. They were at a diner a few days ago and Dean remembers that he’d looked around and thought,
So Dean follows Cas’s voice. They hang a right on 130, drive right past the sign that says WELCOME TO THE GEOGRAPHICAL CENTER OF THE LOWER “48” STATES
“Would you like another finger?” Cas asks him, looking up, and then— “Or do you want me to hit you again?”
“I’m happy for you,” Sam says gently. “I really am, Dean.”
“Unbelievable,” Dean says. He tilts his foot, so that his toes touch her knee. They look at each other, and something between them is resolved. They look at each other, and they are both of them enough.
“That sounds promising.” Dean glances over his shoulder, where Claire is keeping her witnesses quiet, calm, cooperative. “Claire’s doing pretty all right at this thing, y’know.”
“No, no, I’m—” Bobby laughs. “I’m sayin’ people called me a girl growin’ up. Got my tits chopped off n’everything.”
“Anyway,” Cas says, dropping onto a bench while Dean tries to look at anything other than Cas’s body, holy
“You don’t have to—” Cas looks sick, almost, and Dean— Dean hates himself. “If you think I’m angry, or— you don’t have to do this for me, just to, to make me happy—”
“Oh.” Dean tries to push himself up, but Cas holds him down. “Cas—”
You hear that, universe, God, Death, whoever? I’ll do anything for it. For him to die only once, with the people he loves surrounding him, happy and old and not a single heroic thing about it. And if we’re making wishes I want to go before him. I don’t want to be there when he dies — I want to already be dead.
Cas comes over and props the fridge door open, and holds his hand out obligingly. Dean gives him an 18-pack of eggs and watches him bend over to slide it onto the bottom shelf. Christ. Here he is, arguing about teenagers, when he has that ass in his house. Dean’s stupider’n a pile of bricks.
“It means a lot to me, that you’d be with me like this,” Cas says, and Dean thinks,
“You want—” Dean repeats, asks, but he can’t say anything else.
. “Jess,” Sam croaks out, shoulders up to his ears, breath hitching over it. She was Claire’s age. “You would’ve been so happy.”
Wellington, Kansas, is far behind him as Dean makes his way south. Even clipping down at eighty miles an hour, the air coming in from his windows is hot and sticky. He’d slept over in Blackwell the night before, crossing the state line into Oklahoma just in case someone found the crispy remains of that ghoul before they rotted into the ground. He’d tried watching pay per view porn and changed the channel before the free preview was done, disgusted mostly with himself and a little bit with the scratchy comforter that hundreds of men his age had probably jerked off on before him. His thumb had hovered over Sam’s name on his phone, and then he’d turned off the damn thing and gone out to get uproariously drunk.
“Wasn’t right,” Dean goes on, trembling, realizing the truth of it as he says it, “makin’ you think— makin’ you think you had me, when I.” When I’m broken. When I’m a sadder sack of shit than even you could’ve thought — you who raised me, you who built me from dust. “When I don’t have that to give to anybody.”
Sam returns. Squatting down to eye-level, he asks, “You get anything from the monster?”
He looks up at Cas, who’s wrecked. Like the sun and the wind both had their way with him, and the grass is coming in for a third round. Dean’s sure he ain’t much better.
“I want to—” Cas huffs, “I want to be
? Is that what he wanted?
. Dean’s dick twitches in his pants, and Cas reaches down to set his palm on Dean’s thigh, and Dean’s head flops back, nerveless. Christ. Like Cas has a direct line to his dick, no matter where he touches, and this close— this close it’s like dynamite. “I’d like to keep this on, for now,” he says. “I want to focus on you. Is that all right?”
Dean follows him, jogs to keep up, asks, “You don’t— you don’t want me anymore?”
“Hey,” he says to the air, ‘cause he got over what it looks like, talking to himself, during the first round of horror just out of the Cage. When he was a kid he used to go out and say stuff in his head to his mom, telling her about what he wanted to study in college. These days, he mostly talks to Jess. “Saw something weird, couple weeks ago.”
Cas comes back around four in the afternoon and Dean feeds him two macarons before he can say a word. “Good, right?” Dean asks, and he settles even more when Cas gives him a gummy smile and two thumbs up.
“I mean, no one’s died so far, which seems like a clear indicator.”
. He starts shaking his head before he realizes it, can’t even make his mouth form words.
Cas sighs. Looking suddenly exhausted, he says, “I’m tired of this.”
Not gonna ask you to stay. Oh Christ. He can’t make himself say that. “M’not gonna—” Dean chugs the last of his beer. He stands up, too, pushes away from the table to toss his empty in the recycling. He forces out a laugh. “Not gonna get clingy, Jesus, you don’t have to, y’know.”
One of them — Maya, she introduced herself as — launches into the whole story, something spooky going bump in the night, and Dean nods in all the right places. Sounds easy, something him and Claire could take care of no problem, once they figure out exactly what it is.
Cas’s stuff is gone.
“Fine.” Dean kicks at the ground, and Sam realizes why Mom thought she had to ask about Castiel. “Peachy, even.” He rolls his eyes, and adds, “Four in the morning after a shifter hunt. We’re gettin’ old, man.”
“Are you in love with him?”
That makes sense. Hell, Mary barely made it through high school. “You had bigger things to worry about.”
Cas says, “You don’t need to be a man to be yourself.”
“Shit,” Dean says. He can’t fix it— he can’t feed this whole hungry, empty nation, he can’t undo the hurt he did when he put Gadreel in his brother and sent Cas out with nothing, but he can do this. He can make a home. “Shit, Cas. You—” He closes the book in Cas’s hands. “You always have a home with us. I’m never doing that to you again.”
“I think we haven’t had enough.” Cas’s hand on Dean’s forearm turns gripping, tight, forces Dean to look at him. “Answer me. What do you
And before Dean has to say anything to that, Cas leans in to kiss him. Dean chokes out a breath into his mouth, so— so— he just feels so
“I— Yeah, sure, I’ll just—” and — it’s the stupidest thing, because Dean’s in his goddamn forties and Cas is a fucking angel and all the rest of it — but Dean thinks,
Mia asks, “And Cas is… now he’s back?”
Dean considers. He does think Cas’s body is an ocean — and maybe every body is an ocean, a deep vastness that has more life in it than it ought. He knows what Cas means by confidence scheme. He doesn’t know what a proun is, but he thinks it’s kinda funny that his holy tax accountant has called himself an enterprise.
“Good,” Cas says. “Me, too.”
“I know, but—”
. It was the most disturbing thing Dean had ever witnessed.
, Dean remembers saying, quiet as he could, and Sam had twitched, one of those awful little twitches that Dean remembers from when Lucifer was riding shotgun.
— but he doesn’t. That isn’t the kind of shit a kid deserves to hear.
“Do you want me here?”
this with Cas, you still dance around it, Dean, Jesus Christ—” and Sam thinks of Jess on the ceiling, and cookies on the kitchen table, and every type of filth inside of him. “Get your head out of your ass, man. You have a chance. Take it.”
. He’s doing awful. Someone put him outta his misery.
Maybe that was too much. But, really, Castiel seems like a nice guy, and it’s not like Mary’s never met a gay person before, both pre- and post-resurrection. Admittedly, the pre-resurrection gay representation was the one lesbian at her high school, but she was lovely! And very good at throwing knives.
Dean laughs. “What the hell?” He crosses his arms, looks for all the world like John Winchester waiting for a report back after he’d been gone for a week, and Sam swallows. “You want more time off?”
. As if Dean wants to hear that.
“Your father was a complicated man,” Cas says, which frankly is pretty fuckin’ generous of him considering what Dean knows he thinks of the guy. And then he adds, quiet, “I’m sorry you lost him like that.”
— Dean, for himself, who is he, if not Castiel’s—
, Dean tenses a little just at the sound of it, knows he’s harder in Cas’s hand now — and then there are two fingertips pressing at his asshole, filling him.
, “then…” Cas turns Dean’s hand over and puts his thumb right in the center of Dean’s palm, holds his hand like that, like he’s keeping it safe. “Want me.”
Cas shifts closer; breaks the eight-inch barrier, his thigh warm against Dean’s. He looks at him. “What do you want, Dean?”
“What was I supposed to do?” Dean knuckles the crying out of his eyes, looking up at Sam. His brother. How’d he do it? All those years ago, with Jess, he just— he kept pressing on. He let Dean keep pressing him on. How in the hell did he do it?
“Got two big projects going,” he says, once he has his voice again. He likes to talk things through this way, lay it all out so he can follow it in his head. “Figuring out what brought Cas back, and getting the alert system online. We can start delegating. Maybe Dean can go to the beach, one day.”
“Okay, sure,” Sam says. “Maybe… could help to journal or something, y’know? I keep a journal.”
“Shit,” Dean says, and then he thinks,
“Don’t get dead,” Dean says, ‘cause sure, if Cas is hell bent on fixing this curse then he’s their best bet. Doesn’t mean Dean has to say yes to it. Dean’s said yes to enough evil. “I mean it.”
, Cas chokes out, black gunk spewing from his mouth. Dean swallows.
“I—” Cas looks away. “Sam. This doesn’t have anything to do with that.”
“For what?”
, God that’s so fucking embarrassing, but Cas seems to like it, Cas presses open-mouthed kisses to the base of Dean’s neck and thumbs across the wet head of his dick. “Shit, Cas— Cas—”
, fuck. Dean shakes his head. “Wow.
while he was dying in an abandoned barn and Dean was supposed to just. Take it.
, and flops back to listen.
Cas breathes once, twice, on him, and then rolls to the side again. Stays touching, though, which is about the only thing keeping Dean together. “That was nice,” Cas says gently, and Dean laughs.
Some days, though. Some days even Dean can’t ruin it.
Maybe it’s better this way. Maybe she can be a woman with a son who comes to his mom’s house to set up her newfangled technology and sweep behind her fridge.
“You’re doing perfectly,” Cas says, and leans over to kiss him, tongue inside him and messy and wet the way Dean feels all over. His hand shifts and Dean knows his brows are drawing together because it is, it’s the most shocking thing he’s ever felt— not the act itself, not like fisting is completely beyond the pale for him, conceptually speaking, but just, the sensation of it. The fullness of it. It’s the least lonely Dean’s ever felt.
“Pull over,” Cas says sharply, and Dean takes them on a right down the first shitty gravel road he sees, switching to park once they hit enough turns off the highway that it feels safe. “Dean.”
“Fuck, yes,” Dean says, and in one immediate, fluid motion, Cas slaps him.
It’s like trying to find a needle in a forty acre stack of needles, but Sam’s getting close; the stone’s getting colder, and when he finds a small clearing with a patch of wilted trees — it’s not the healthiest grouping he’s come across, but it isn’t the worst either — the stone’s ice cold.
“Dean,” Cas says stonily, and turns back to his breakfast. Half-burnt toast, ‘cause Dean wasn’t there to make him breakfast, scrambled eggs and honey on his pancakes the way he likes.
Cas turns it over. The price tag says $9.99. “Yes,” he decides, and Dean kisses him there, hands touching over John Steinbeck’s novel in that aisle, out of sight of God and everybody else.
What the hell is that supposed to mean. “Balance—” Sam starts to ask, but then Cas tosses his plate in the sink, moving like it’s urgent. “Cas, what’s up?”
. “What was I supposed to do, huh?”
here,” Dean snaps, and then winces, hating it. The man in his voice.
good. In what universe do I get to— and with
“The planet where it’s obvious how I feel about you, and abundantly clear how you feel about me.”
“You c’n look anytime you want, babe,” Dean says, because he can’t think about the way Cas is looking at him, overwhelmed and warmly content all at once. And then Cas’s shoulders block out the overhead light, suddenly, and Cas is leaning over him, covering him— “Cas—”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, and Cas does. He kisses the curve of Dean’s bicep, and mouths along up to his bare shoulder. When he gets to the crook of Dean’s neck, his stubble brushes against Dean’s throat so gentle it prickles, and Dean’s hips buck up.
Cas chews contemplatively. And then he asks, “Is it stressful? Having everybody know?”
When they go out for it, Bobby shells out for nice gold studs in her ears, and Dean just says,
. Cas’s hands are hot on the bare skin above his hipbones, his palms an unbelievable drag of sensation across Dean’s skin. “Cas, I’m— God, you don’t even know—”
Dean bites his lip. He’s old, now, older than most in his line of work get. He ought to have the balls to figure it out. He knows what this looks like. And maybe that’s what it is, but—
Dean exhales. Goddamn children.
and Cas saying
“Sure, why not.”
“—the truth.”
, he’d said. Dean never said it back. Imagine that. A guy, killing himself over you, and you can’t even do him the goddamn courtesy of saying it back.
After a minute of silence, Mia says, “That sounds like a scary place to be, Dean. I’m glad you had someone to… to save you.”
Whatever. Dean nods, says, “Yeah, yeah, I get it.”
Cas smiles at that. “All right,” he says, and then, “Thank you, Sam.” And then he’s gone.
So. Considering what?
At first, Dean has no idea what he means. “Please?” he tries, and Cas’s fingers pump into him faster as Cas shakes his head, and then Dean realizes— ”Thank you,” he says, and Cas’s head drops like he’s had his strings cut. “Thank you, Cas, for slapping my face.”
“Fuck off,” Sam laughs, but he loses the frown, at least, so that’s mission accomplished. After a few minutes there, in silence together, Sam asks, “Shouldn’t you be with Cas right now?”
Claire leans against the table, watching all the people behind Dean’s back. “Castiel. He’s kind of a dumbass, y’know. He won’t figure it out if you don’t treat him right.” She glances back to him. “But I will.”
“It’s true.” There’s an openness in his face, when he looks at her again. The same openness that came accidentally, before. There he is. There’s her baby.
Dean exhales. Yeah. He— yeah, he knows that. “Lotta good people didn’t make it as far as I did.”
“I wasn’t gonna say anything.” He rolls his shoulders back, looks back up.
Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times, and Eileen patted him on the shoulder in a consoling manner.
Not much longer than five minutes had passed when Dean sensed the movement of someone close by. When he turned around, however, it wasn’t the sight of the extra police officers that greeted him, but the asshat who’d attacked him earlier. He’d managed to disarm Sam and was threatening him with his own gun, and there was a second guy who had hold of Gabriel.
Everyone backstage was well aware of how the situation was escalating, and Sam felt both sorry for, and thankful that he was not, that Ash guy who was bearing the brunt of the crowd’s anger.
It took Dean a moment to work out what Cas meant, but finally he realised that Cas was wondering what Chuck had done with his belongings.
“I wanted to remind myself of how you saved me from perdition. Dean Winchester… my angel.”
Get me the Book of the Damned.
Dean quickly measured out the butter onto a small plate, then stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. “You wanna crack the eggs in here?” he asked, making a well in the centre of the mixture.
“Well, this is an interesting situation we have here, isn’t it?” His voice was ridiculously calm, and Dean wanted to wipe that smug smile off his face.
His character Dean was on screen, saying one of his most famous lines.
“Come on, guys. Bring me back there!” Dean begged, attempting to hide behind a pile of rocks.
Jo continued to shout, “They're everywhere! Come on! Oh, God! Oh, God!”
Turning back to Angel as he continued preparing the batter, Dean found himself mesmerised by the way the guy's wings fluttered as he moved. They were graceful, beautiful even, and Dean wanted more than ever to touch them. Berating himself for his improper feelings, he coughed to get Angel's attention, and to cover up his thoughts too.
, Dean thought to himself, fighting to push the images that were coming into his mind back down, as Angel’s hand moved smoothly over Colonel’s head. This wasn’t helping at all.
“Sir, I am Inias, senior officer in the garrison.” The guy sitting directly opposite spoke for the first time, and his voice was just as odd as Blue Eyes’, although not as deep.
, if he’d ever actually seen it (note to self: show Cas
“Hey, Dean,” the one who’d spoken before started once more with his question. “So, as I was saying, in, ‘Phantom Traveler,’ remember, you said you made your EMF meter out of a Walkman. Can you explain how you did that?”
“Right?” Describing the predicament regarding Angel was a sure way to make Dean reflect on it more, and he shook his head solemnly. “He’s gotten better already though, after only three days. Just being away from wherever he was, is helping him.”
For a moment, there was a stalemate between the two of them as they glared at each other, then Loki let go of him and ordered,
“Fuck, Sammy, we can’t thank you enough for this.” Dean got up once more, and went over to his brother and hugged him. “You didn’t have to do this after I kept Angel a secret for so long, but you really came through.” He knew he was veering into chick flick territory, but he was feeling pretty emotional after learning the truth.
Rounding a corner, he suddenly noticed an angel in its true form, clinging to the ceiling.
“Hey, you take as much sugar as you want. I was joking with you.” Dean lowered his face to make eye contact with Angel, until he was satisfied that he understood.
“I said, "I'm not Dean Smith,” Dean repeated, picking himself off the floor and rubbing his stomach. Man, that punch really hurt. “Leave them alone. There's no reason to hurt them. They don't know anything,” He said, attempting to appeal to Loki’s better nature (not that he’d seen any sign of it) on the angels’ behalf.
This was the second time Dean had accidentally made an innuendo like this, and it felt even more wrong this time, somehow. Maybe it was because Angel was showing definite signs of interest in Dean, but Dean didn’t want to encourage him… not yet, anyway.
Ed was talking again, “Okay, Dean, now, as soon as the first set of spikes hit, you...”
“Hey,” Dean said, and Angel turned his attention to him. “I’m just gonna change outta these wet clothes, then I’ll fix you up, okay?”
“That it was Chuck?” Dean asked for confirmation, and Sam nodded.
Crossing the room and smiling warmly, he extended his hand to the man. “Hey, I’m supposed to be helping out here. Do you… can I help you with anything? Get you a drink… a-” Dean knew he was rambling, but the instant the man turned his eyes on him, he was done for.
Jo looked very uncomfortable at the thought of performing magic to open rifts. “Right,” she said, even less convincingly than Dean had been when he insisted that he was okay.
But while Dean might like the ladies - and the men - he was no creep. He’d gotten Jo’s message loud and clear, and was going to back off. Suddenly realizing that, although Jo had left, the women cosplaying Beth were still standing behind him, and were probably watching to see how he would react, he turned to face them with a half-hearted smile. They all giggled at him, and he belatedly realised that he’d been foolish for thinking Jo might be interested in him.
Castiel removed his hand, and Dean shrugged and smiled resignedly at him. The elevator stopped, and through its glass wall they were able to view the huge fleet of 1967 Chevy Impalas that seemed to go on for miles.
Angel smiled and did it again, and Dean grinned back, before lifting his head and nipping at Angel’s bottom lip. “Come on Angel, give it to me.”
He took his hand off Angel’s cock, and reached over to his bedside drawer. Angel took that moment to grind against him, momentarily stopping him from finding what he needed. It felt good, but Dean wanted more… much more.
“Take your coat off,” he said, licking his bottom lip in anticipation.
“Yeah, don’t worry about it; I get where you’re coming from. If anyone hurt my brother, I’d kill ‘em.”
“Yes,” Cas agreed. “Maybe I should have worn my costume, after all.”
___________
Like the previous day, Dean set Angel up with another game on the screen - this one involved fighting aliens - and he set about making dinner. Cooking together earlier had been fun, but Dean wasn't sure if he could handle spending time in such close quarters with the guy twice in one day. There was only so much sexual tension he could take.
When Angel had finished customising his car with some interesting wheel trims, Dean showed him the car he’d already saved. Naturally it was a 1967 Chevy Impala - black, of course - which Dean had customised by adding the initials DW to the license plate. Other than that, he had left it as it was; it was perfect to him anyway.
"Okay." Cas nodded, and held Dean tighter.
Angel looked surprised, but he opened them out again, and Dean reached out to touch them once more. Angel made a kind of purring sound, and trembled violently.
“Look. There's a little hurt one.” Sam stood up and began to walk forward, forgetting that they were hiding, and about to alert the creatures to their presence. “Hi. Hi there.”
“Well, I should probably go,” Blue Eyes said suddenly. “The party ends at four, right?”
“Don't do that. I'm not kidding,” Crowley interrupted.
Dean smiled at the blank screen, then went back through to the kitchen to see how Angel was getting on. It seemed he’d timed it perfectly, as Angel was just putting the food on the plates. It was nothing extraordinary; just bacon and eggs, but the look of pleasure on Angel’s face as he glanced up at Dean and smiled was breathtaking.
A short chapter about a disoriented toddler god.
"Em--Emma?!" Dean rushed towards her without a second thought. Alistair appeared at his side, John’s hot breath on his neck.
“Hey, man! How’s your night going?” Sam asked.
Dean sat staring blankly at his laptop. He knew it was only a matter of time before Sam joined him in the library to look for news; for a case. So, when he had finally pulled himself together, he had absentmindedly walked to his room, retrieved his laptop, and made his way to the library. His laptop was nothing more than a prop as he sat there, frozen, his mind reliving every second of his dream from that night...
"Why? What's making you so curious?" Michael asked, his eyes narrowing. Dean looked at Cas, a knowing smile exchanged between them as Castiel scrunched the wrapper of his burger in his hands.
“I don’t mean some kid that you co-babysit every now and again, Dean. I mean a proper family. You can’t even see the difference, can you? The shit you kids have gone through; the path that I started you on? If anyone should get the wife and two point five kids, it's you boys. It breaks my heart to see you here, on such high alert that you can’t even seem to manage to cut ties with any of heaven's bitch boys.”
...” Cas began.
Finally, he came upon a Gas-N-Sip and pulled the car in to fuel up. He ripped open the driver's side door and slammed it shut, his mind elsewhere. As he stood with the pump in his hand he considered that maybe this new and improved heaven was not specifically
“I have another note for Dean W--” they called throughout the room “Oh, hello Castiel, Rebecca.” They beamed at the other angels sweetly. Rebecca replied with a curt nod.
“He pretty much told me flat out.” he shrugged. “It seems that level of luck ain't in the cards for me, even in death, but,” he shrugged again, “I’m just lucky to be able to spend time with the guy.” Ignoring the pain in his stomach, Dean took a mouthful of burger and nodded enthusiastically. He dramatically rolled his eyes back in his head and pointed at the burger. Mary nodded.
Dean staggered into the bunker feeling uncertain and anxious about what he may be walking into. He followed Cas’ frustratingly light footfalls down the stairs and into the war room. The clang of his rubber-soled boots on the metal steps echoed throughout the room. He came to a stop at the bottom of the stairs.
“I was just checking!” Castiel laughed. “I didn’t mean to upset you.” Cas rubbed a number of circles on his back again, “Believe it or not I do also get insecure from time to time.” Cas admitted, causing Dean’s anger and sadness to begrudgingly dissipate, “Granted, I wouldn’t exactly want to have to go searching for a new vessel…” Cas sighed, “Though it isn’t “disgusting” as you put it, I am not my body, just as you are not yours; we merely inhabit our bodies.” Dean scoffed, “
“I’m betting Jack would have let you in on this whole save Sammy deal. So, I’m finding it hard to believe you didn’t know I was coming.” He slowly looked around again.
“Cas- uh,” he looked around, somewhat crestfallen at the lack of immediate arrival on Cas’s part. He wasn't sure how to continue, his eyes flicked around him and he set his tongue between his back teeth, shaking his head in irritation.
"I know, Dean" Sam noted "It's just been hard adjusting, ya know?" he looked around at his new home. "I just feel like we finally deserve some peace... Both of us." He studied Dean's face waiting for a response. Unsure he'd receive any.
“Dean.” Cas’s voice was barely above a whisper from behind him. The hurt in his voice jolted through Dean like a live wire. Dean set his jaw and closed his eyes at the sound. He inhaled slowly and nodded to himself.
“Did we just become best friends?” Penny chuckled, causing Dean to turn sharply. He considered it for a moment.
"Directly into my mouth," Dean stated grinning at her and tousling her hair. Sam, already deep in conversation with Donna, moved away from the bench and absentmindedly gestured for Charlie to place the dish on the already very loaded tabletop. Dean took a moment to survey the faces of everyone coming and going from the room. The hugging and smiling alone reassured him that he was doing the right thing by having a large get together for Easter this year. He took a swig of beer through his smiling lips and nodded in a daze. The bunker hadn't been filled with so many people in years and even though it was bittersweet at the time the memory of rescuing all those people from the apocalypse world seemed like a whole other lifetime ago.
“Pssht! You’ve been here for days you were just like in a different wavelength or something.” It was Dean’s turn to look at him questioningly. Keven shrugged. “I don’t know, man, it's like a heaven thing. Time’s all screwy but like in a
but also every single time any angel is rocking the whole “holier than thou” attitude you got, they’re overcompensating for some serious sin-age. So...” He turned, narrowing his eyes at the angel behind him, feeling the entirety of the last few day's frustrations inside him coming to a boiling point, “What’s your guilty pleasure? I’d pick you’re a secret harbinger of Wrath. You definitely look like the type to enjoy a good smiting whenever you get the chance, and honestly, with you junkless assclowns, Wrath is always the safest bet." He stepped forward, closer to Penny, who looked at him with wild confusion. Dean wasn't gonna let this random angel psychoanalyze him without paying for it. He sucked his teeth and notched his head to the side. "That being said I have heard about you. Shacking up with a dude? You know, you’ve gotta be
“That’s messed up” Sam sniffed again. Deanna shrugged.
“Just a flat,” he gestured a line with his hand horizontally, “No?” Cas sighed. He inhaled deeply, turning his whole body toward Dean.
“You guys really are codependent, huh?” He voiced as he flashed his brows up, his growing frustration had clearly reached its boiling point. “Too bad that brotherly love didn’t extend to half brothers…” Dean clenched his jaw and brought his gaze to his feet. His guilt and anger swirled violently in his stomach. “You guys really just used Michael--” Dean groaned, interrupting, throwing his hands up and rolling his eyes in annoyance.
The boys sat in silence as they ate. Dean, intent on staring at his food, felt sick from forcing himself to eat, but he knew it was the only way to not freak Sam out. He had to carry on as if nothing was wrong. He had to keep it together. At one point he looked up and Sam's eyes caught his. Dean smiled a little at him from across the table. which evidently had been unconvincing. Sam's mouth formed his signature worried line and his brows furrowed. “You cooked, I’ll clean. I just gotta wash the taste of these eggs out of my mouth first”, Dean stated as he rose and collected their plates. Sam had polished off every bit of food, but Dean had only eaten all he could manage without barfing, leaving just enough food to not arouse any suspicion. Sam seemed to agree with this sentiment.
"Sorry. I... just need to talk to you." she looked nervous, wringing her hands together. Dean's smile faded. He didn't want to do this. "I don't really know what to say," she began.
“It’s not your fault, you know. Dad, he knew how this whole thing was gonna go down. Sure, maybe he hoped he’d gank the thing that killed mom first, but at the end of the day, even he knew how this was gonna end.” Sam’s lip wobbled and she exhaled deeply, turning her head away. Deanna’s mouth formed a thin line as pulled her sister toward her, placed her arms around her shoulders, and hugged her against herself. She felt Samantha’s body shaking up and down quickly beneath her, in time with her sobs. Deanna rocked her sister, gently rubbing her back as they stood in the middle of the sidewalk. The only sounds were her sister's ragged breaths, distant chatter, and the muffled throbbing of faraway music. After a moment Sam sniffed hard and pulled back, smiling sadly at her sister.
“Tried. I guess he meant it when he said that crap about raindrops, huh?” Sam asked, eyeing the board. Dean stared at the bubbles in his beer, watching them rise up from nowhere, glide upwards toward the surface, and explode.
“Impressive.” he stated, “So, who exactly is on this council? Just so I know who to suck up to if I want a deluxe suite.” Cas pulled his lips tight.
“Well... good.” Dean nodded. “You alright, man? We can finish this conversation in the morning if you need some shut-eye?” Cas grinned sheepishly.
“Did that just feel junkless to you?” Dean leered at Castiel.
fine keeping your opinions to yourself from now on,
“I mean, sure, but so did the key and so far you seem fine”. Deanna pulled open the Impala door and was immediately hit by the cold wind.
“It was… I think it was the future. Sam, Eileen, Claire, we were all--” he let out a burst of air in an exasperated laugh, “playing Pictionary.” Castiel’s head twitched to the side and he smiled broadly.
Dean’s chest rose and fell rapidly. He felt like he had been cheated. He hadn’t even known that Angels were
“Ahahahah. Okay, very funny. You win. I just... I...” Dean’s smile fell as he turned back toward the door. “My point.
When the timing was right Dean said a quick “bye” to Crowley and staggered his way from the bar, down the street, and into the restaurant where he’d promised he’d meet up with his parents. He tried to push down the nervous thoughts that bubbled up in his mind and instead try to remind himself that a family dinner out at a restaurant was something he never even dreamed of as a possibility. Sure, they were a child short, all dead, and stuck with the annoying and ever-present reminder that the food they were consuming wasn't even real food, but it was a family dinner nevertheless. Dean walked in through the front doorway where he was then stopped by a busboy in shorts, suspenders, and a bowtie, who asked him what name his booking was under. Dean replied an awkward
Dean stared at the blank canvas in front of him for a full half-hour feeling uncomfortable, awkward, and still very pissed off from his argument with Cas. Penny walked the group commenting on everyone's work, stopping to take notes on his clipboard as he stood behind Jack, questioning the reasoning behind the three-year-olds choice to use his fingers over the paintbrushes that sat unused on the lip of his easel.
!?” She spluttered once she had finally stopped coughing. Sam rolled her eyes.
He imagined Sam as a father. Dean had always thought that his baby brother would make an excellent Dad. He was kind, and caring, and could be authoritative and unyielding when he wanted. He had been amazingly patient with Jack and his leadership skills were obviously up to snuff, considering how he ran a whole operation of apocalypse world hunters. Dean pictured Sam having a little boy, he recalled the time they had looked after that baby shifter how he had wanted to name the kid John, after their dad, which was crazy considering how well he got along with the guy. He was probably looking at Dean through death colored glasses too. So, he figured, he’d be practically a god to his brother now.
"Dean..." He began, trailing off. Dean shook his head incredulously. Realizing Cas wouldn't continue, he sighed.
“It obviously looks better on you. This shit doesn’t even fit me!” She pulled a hair tie from her wrist and bent over, brushing her hair down with her fingers.
“What?” he asked, irritation in his voice.
"Thanks" Jack grinned. "You're mom and dad live together... just down the road from your brother Adam." He stated. Dean's heart grew warm. Jack was enjoying making the smile on Dean's face grow with each bit of new information he shared. "And Bobby and Ellen live together down the road from… Rufus?... and they all say "Hi" and say…" Jack looked off to the side trying to remember. "They "don't want to see you anytime soon but when you do bite it they'll have a bottle of the expensive stuff waiting at the roadhouse for you"". Jack nodded, happy with himself.
“Alright,” he began, putting his knife away. “Let's go find those kids, get ‘em out of here”.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice remained calm, level.
“It can't, Cas. I have God's power, now. The empty can’t claim my soul anymore. Dean helped me make a door in here, but you have to put the ring on, we need a new Death so that I can get out of here.” Castiel frowned and wiped the tears that had formed in his eyes.
“Jack?” He grinned, laughing.
“Turns out Chuck, uh--” Dean closed his eyes and shook his head. He felt dizzy. The damned air in this damned room was getting thinner by the second. “Jack said Sam’ll die in three days.” he swallowed hard and looked up at Rowena. Rowena placed her hand upon Dean’s forearm.
Dean recalled in a daze.
all of my "chapters" will be "chapters" from now on even if they're short as hell.
"I heard this was all you… now you say you have no idea about any of this?” Gabriel squinted at him.
“Ughhh! I had you going for a while there, man.” He laughed, wagging a finger at his brother. Sam shook his head, bemused.
“What do you want me to say, Dean?” He shrugged. “That it was horrible? That I’m still not completely convinced that I made it out?” he sighed, massaging his temples. Dean nodded, his eyes out the back window as Mary’s blue Camaro pulled out of the parking lot and onto the road. He watched it as its lights slowly faded into the distance.
“Yes. I’m sober. I didn’t want to say anything earlier, but I really would have needed at least fifty-four bottles to catch up to you and Charlie”. Dean chuckled.
The night continued the same, Deanna avoided talking as Samantha cried. Eventually, Sam passed out and Deanna pulled the blanket out from where it lay, trapped beneath her sister, and placed it gently upon her in a futile attempt to stop her from shaking. She also placed a pillow underneath Sam's head, lifting it slowly and trying not to wake her. D then climbed into the bed beside her sister, the lights still on, the colt clasped in her hand, and attempted to get some rest. Throughout the night Sam’s sporadic ragged breaths in her sleep caused the oldest Winchester’s eyes to spring open and her grip to tighten around the gun each time she’d seemed to start to drift off.
Thankfully, Cas clearly wasn’t about to let Gabriel accuse Dean of anything so heinous, and he slammed his hands down on the table, before rushing to the bedroom to fetch the pen and a piece of paper. Seconds later, he came straight back into the room, writing frantically, with a scowl on his face. Gabriel obviously knew better than to say anything more without reading what Cas had to say, so they all sat in an awkward silence until he was done.
“They’re gonna arrest him. They’ve got enough evidence to lock him up for a long time.”
Dean wasn’t really listening, because Blue Eyes appeared to be having difficulty tearing his eyes away from Dean, and Dean was mesmerized.
Angel took them hesitantly, one eyebrow raised, and for one second Dean wondered if he would know what they were for. That question seemed to be answered though, when he put them down on the bed, ripped off his own pants, followed by Dean’s, then flipped Dean over onto his stomach. Draping himself over Dean’s back, he pulled him up onto his hands and knees, and kissed down his spine.
CUT TO:
“Crowley!” Ash whooped, as the man in question walked onto the stage, scowl firmly in place. And even though he wasn’t saying the line that he found so distasteful, the enormous screen behind his head bore his likeness, and the words, ‘Even when I lose, I win,’ boomed out of the speakers to torment him further.
Dean slipped out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, and dressed quickly, then went back to the living room. Of course Angel was still seated where Dean had left him, but he had an almost contented look on his face as he played with Colonel.
Benny accepted a modest payment for his work, before announcing that he needed to leave, and Dean walked him to the door. He hadn’t mentioned anything about Dean and Angel, but as he hugged Dean goodbye, he obviously felt that the time was right to say something.
his stomach started to settle down, and he picked up the glass of water Sam had brought him.
“So, here’s the thing,” Dean turned his attention back to Angel and explained. “I’m gonna have to run to the store to get some supplies, okay?”
“Yeah, Angel, just like that,” Dean groaned, wrapping his legs around Angel’s lower back and digging his heels in.
Angel was still leaving kisses along his spine, and fucking him with reverence… now with two fingers, and he thought he might burst with the need for more.
Cas let out a sound that was somewhere between a shout and a groan, and he bucked up into Dean's mouth.
Leaning forward, Dean put his mouth next to Angel’s ear, and groaned. “I know you thought about it too. That’s why you lured me into the bedroom, isn’t it?” Angel looked shocked, as if he’d been caught out, and Dean realised he needed to show him that he was fully on board with the subterfuge. Cupping Angel’s face tenderly, he added, “You couldn’t hold back any longer could you, and
This all got Dean wondering again about how things were going with Sam, and Chuck's arrest. Surely some progress must have been made by now.
Loki ignored Dean’s protests, the hold Loki’s men had on him stopping him from moving, as the god mercilessly cut into Castiel’s neck with the blade, causing him to cry out in pain, a sliver of grace bleeding from the wound.
As Castiel worked his hand faster and faster over Dean’s shaft, he found Dean’s lips once again, kissing him with a passion Dean didn’t think he’d ever experienced before. This was starting to feel like way more than some random hookup, and Dean found he was surprisingly okay with that. He also wanted to return the favor, and get his hands - and mouth - on Castiel, but that would have to wait until he was done; it was obvious that the angel wasn’t going to let up until Dean’s needs were met.
“It's the simple things in life you treasure,” Jo said, delighted that her plan had been such a success. On the screen, they saw the werepire close in on Loki’s men, and she smiled happily at Hannah.
Dean knew he had to be either in the room in Chuck’s basement, or somewhere else Chuck had found to continue with his foul tortures, and he felt well and truly trapped. The thought of Cas having been held like this for such a long time gave him a feeling he didn’t think he’d ever experienced before; his stomach dropped, and he could swear that his heart actually hurt.
Dean looked down and realized he’d lost it somewhere. Crap.
"Yeah, and you can meet Cas's family. They're here for a visit." Dean tilted the screen to reveal Gabriel, then Claire, as he introduced everyone.
He decided to make small talk to take Angel’s mind off the sudden tension his words had caused. “What did you think of my car?” he asked, with a smile. “She’s been in my family a long time; my grandpa had her first, then my dad, now she’s mine… my Baby. I bet you can’t guess how old she is?”
“Gabriel?” Dean asked, needlessly. “I’m Dean, and here’s Cas.”
The moment Dean locked the stall door, he heard loud laughter from at least two guys. Thank fuck he was in here, away from the disturbance they were creating with their raucous laughter.
"Cas?" Dean croaked, trying to sit up and immediately feeling like he was going to hurl.
“I can’t do it without the correct ingredients,” Jo whispered. “I don’t want to send Dean through the wrong rift.”
“We’ll be experts before you know it,” Dean said, teasingly.
He tentatively picked it up, trying to make sense of this bizarre turn of events. “Dean, I see. Okay?”
Eileen nodded in understanding, so Dean continued.
Unsurprisingly, nothing Angel chose was remotely scary; the closest he got to that was classic
Angel’s face lit up at the word ‘coffee’, and Dean poured him a cup and handed it to him with a smile.
Angel had shifted closer on the sofa, and was now practically sitting in Dean’s lap. A look of understanding crossed Sam’s face.
Dean continued, "I think he's escaped from somewhere… somewhere he was abused real bad."
Dean was suddenly confronted with a sea of concerned faces, as Crowley pulled him to one side, and he, Sam and Jo crowded in on him.
Angel hung his head in…
Blue Eyes shook his hand anyway, just as enthusiastically as the first time. “Castiel… Cas.”
Thinking about the way Angel moved those elegant hands over the controller suddenly gave Dean an idea. The whole writing thing hadn’t worked out, and it didn’t look like Angel was going to start talking anytime soon, but what about sign language?
Jo looked frozen with fear, as she said, “That was the show. I'm not a hunter!”
“Scene-stealing hack? Thank you.” Crowley replied, his sarcasm firmly back in place.
Meanwhile, Dean was still trying to avoid being eaten, while shouting frantically for help.
“Oh, Dean… Dean. I’m not going to fight you. I don’t want to damage that pretty face any further. You’re going to call Emmanuel… Castiel, and tell him that if he doesn’t want me to hurt you, he’ll come back to me and fulfil his destiny. You’ll do that, won’t you?”
Holding it to his mouth, he spoke into it. “Hey there, this is Dean. Over.”
Angel either didn’t notice the innuendo, or he did, but decided to leave it alone. Whichever it was, he took up the game controller with barely a moment’s hesitation, and found the screen for the car racing game. The ease with which he navigated the screen and set it up warmed Dean’s heart. He had a feeling that these little steps were what Angel needed to find himself again.
“Hey, I'm doing all right with the dragon.” Dean jumped out of the way as it scorched a clump of grass beside him.
“Kill it? Well, I'm open to any suggestions,” Dean challenged, as the monster found his hiding place and clawed towards him, before Dean ran once again.
Dean moved to stand in front of Angel once more, and shot him one of his most charming smiles. “Now you’re dressed for dinner,” he said with a wink. “It won’t be long. Make yourself comfortable.” He gestured to the sofa, but Angel went to sit in the chair, angling himself to gaze out of the window.
“You know how many times I thought about getting my hands on those wings? On you? I…
Dean loved the sex, but this cuddling was something different altogether. He felt safe and adored… loved even, and for tonight, he wasn’t going to worry about whether Angel knew his own mind. Angel had been very clear about what he wanted, and there was not even a slight suggestion that Dean had taken advantage of him.
“Well, let me tell you something, Loki. It doesn't take a great actor to recognize a bad one. You're sweating!” Dean countered.
“Er, Cas... about that.” Dean hesitated, trying to find the right words.
“For years since we first received transmission of your historical documents, we have studied every facet of your hunts and strategies,” Castiel continued, as Crowley and Sam stared at each other in amazement... or was it horror?
"Okay, you got me. I, er… wanted to know how to teach someone to sign."
“You want some coffee with that sugar?” Dean joked, and Angel stopped instantly, as shame spread over his face.
Dean pulled him into his arms, murmuring, “Sorry, Angel. I won’t go anywhere.” Then, making eye contact with Eileen, he mouthed, ‘I don’t know what to do’.
“We don’t have harps, Dean.” Blue Eyes had been hovering nearby, and he narrowed his eyes at Dean, and tilted his head.
Bobby weighed in then, with a typically gruff and sarcastic, “You guys are breaking my heart. Could we please just get on with it?”
Crowley scribbled his autograph and said, “Next,” with all of the enthusiasm of a dead fish.
Dean had hoped to avoid this, but he realized now that the only chance they had of survival was to tell Loki the truth about their identities; that they weren’t really hunters. He could only pray that Castiel would forgive him. “I'm not Dean Smith.”
Chuck, being the coward he was, ran for the door to make his escape, but before he could reach it, it flew open and the police reinforcements rushed through.
He could hear Angel washing himself, but he wasn’t going to look; that would be a very bad idea. Instead, he went off to the bedroom and quickly got dressed, pulling on his last sock just as Angel came into the room.
“Kinda,” Jo said in such a timid voice, Sam was amazed Dean heard it.
“I look forward to meeting you all in person when you arrive in Heaven,” the female angel said as she smiled sweetly.
“This is the third day of the
-Bobby in a police station, wearing his FBI suit
he would make burgers, and fry some slices of potato - there were a few in a bag in the cupboard - and tomorrow he would place his shopping order.
Eileen’s placid demeanour was rarely this rattled, but when she was riled, she was a force to be reckoned with. Dean understood exactly why Sam loved her so much.
Angel cried out in pain and his body tensed, and his wings flared out in an almost threatening manner.
Loki’s performance had become a rant now. “I require the Book of the Damned.”
Cas was bigger than a lot of guys, so that sudden movement almost made Dean choke. However, he wasn't going to let a little (big) thing like that deter him from his mission.
“And… another friend,” the MC concluded, as Dean squeezed Cas’s hand affectionately, then gave a little bow to the crowd, with Cas following suit.
They each put a few pancakes and slices of bacon onto their plates, and drizzled some maple syrup over the top. Dean took a bite, and made appreciative noises.
“Sorry, man, I’m an ass.” Dean apologised, opening a bottle of beer and taking a sip.
It isn’t Him, is it?
He looked up at Dean, and signed ‘hello, Dean’, smiling happily at his achievement.
“Don’t move until I get the sequence for the wall spikes,” Ed said, altogether too cheerfully, as far as Dean was concerned.
Desperately hoping that this didn’t mean there were no angels left, Dean set off briskly down the hallway in the direction of the Hunter Hub, with the others running to keep up.
They stayed like that for a few minutes, until Dean really needed to pee. He made a couple of adjustments to Colonel’s settings, so that he would only react if his name was called, then went to the bathroom.
She went through to the living room after Dean opened the door, and he stayed in the kitchen, busying himself by making some pancake batter. He’d cook them once Eileen and Angel had finished their chat, and he would let Angel decide whether they would have them with fruit or bacon. Dean’s choice would be bacon - when wasn’t it? - but he would go along with whatever Angel chose.
“It’s called Honey.”
“You know what? I'm gonna get Harry. He knows the system in the vault better than anybody alive.”
“You see that?” he whispered to Sam. “It’s them, I just know it.”
Chuck had pulled up Gabriel’s number, and held it in front of Dean’s face, waiting for the call to be answered. His friendly face appeared on the screen, as his voice rang out, “Hey, Dean-o, where’ve you been? You get lost out there?”
Finally it seemed that Dean caught on that no one was talking to him, and he turned to Jo, who lifted the newspaper higher.
Just as he was about to offer to try performing the spell himself, the door opened and Hannah came into the room. She was carrying something in her hand, and Sam really hoped it was something useful.
The way Angel's eyes bore into him was extremely distracting, and Dean's mouth suddenly became very dry. He swallowed thickly, before waving his hand at the water and saying, "Go on, it's fine."
it was a beautiful sound, and one thing he knew for sure, was that he wanted… needed… to hear it again.
“You... know us?” Sam asked incredulously.
Crowley switched on his radio and insisted that it was, “Nothing.”
“Well, um… thanks.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck as he wondered how inappropriate it would be to take Blue Eyes upstairs and find out what he looked like out of the costume.
“Thank you,” Castiel said with a bemused smile. “What are we going to play next?”
Dean nodded, but instantly regretted it.
“It's getting hotter out here,” Ash continued, clearly relishing in his task now. “Yeah, that's what I'm talking about! Let's hear a warm welcome for Beth Roadhouse, Jo Harvelle!
"Sorry, buddy. I'm gonna have to lift you, and it's gonna hurt some. Okay?"
Dean found he was holding his breath all of a sudden. This was momentous.
Angel jumped as Dean’s voice cut through the silence, and he stopped eating for a second, before taking another bite.
"I don't see what else we can do, sorry." Sam addressed his apology to Angel. "We have procedures for a reason."
“You’re a great guy,” Benny said, echoing Dean’s words. “I think Angel’s gonna be safe with you.”
Mystery Man shook his head and shifted on the ground. The movement caused him to gasp in pain.
The peaceful sense of well-being that he was wallowing in began to dissolve, and he snapped his eyes open.
The next fan in line had hardly opened his mouth to start speaking the words before Crowley gave him a challenging glare that said, ‘Don’t you dare finish that.’ The fan obviously thought better of it and closed his mouth.
Cas made the signs for ‘bacon’ and ‘egg’, and Gabriel watched him with fascination.
Unfortunately, he was supposed to be doing another gig with the rest of the crew very soon, and if he was late again, Sam was going to kick his ass.
With Sam and Crowley glaring at him, and Castiel shooting him a radiant smile, Dean walked inside the barracks to bask in the other angels’ reverence. Directing them to stand “at ease,” he turned back to the crew with a feeling of triumph.
At first it was kind of disconcerting, but eventually Dean managed to concentrate on his work enough to almost forget that the other guy was there. Not that he wanted to forget about this alluringly mysterious creature who had fallen into his path - not for one second - but if he didn’t carry on with his normal everyday life, what were they going to do? A conversation was out of the question… sit and stare at each other? That would get awkward real fast.
Dean had realised that, despite no longer feeling scared to speak, Cas still found it hard sometimes, so he'd placed a notebook and pen by the bed. Cas reached over to pick it up, and wrote something down, then handed it to Dean.
Dean wasn’t too sure that twenty four hours would make Angel feel any less unhappy about a shower, but he would cross that bridge when he came to it.
“So, here’s the thing,” he started. “I don’t know your name - I’m Dean, by the way - or where you’re from, but I do know you need help… looking after. I know my apartment isn’t very big, but I want you to stay here as long as you need. At least until you’re healed, but longer if you need to.
‘No’.
He tidied away the makeshift bed and the covers, ready to put in the bedroom once Angel was in the shower. He was going to insist on that today, before the guy started to smell offensive. It might take some coaxing, but Dean was determined.
“Well, it's good to know you’re a fan of my cooking, anyway," Dean laughed.
Dean was about to engage Castiel in another epic staring contest, when an angel had come to tell them that the rest of the cast had changed their minds and their imminent arrival in Heaven was due.
“Goodnight,” Eileen said, smiling at them as she and Sam left.
“This is Angel.” He indicated his… boyfriend?... and continued. “I found him in an alleyway, hurt and bleeding, and traumatised. I brought him home to fix him up, and I realised that he’d been hurt deliberately… tortured. So I’ve been looking after him, but I couldn’t tell you because of the wings.”
Before going to search for fresh clothes for his guest, Dean took a quick look at his sofa. There were a couple of marks that would need scrubbing, but he was sure he could get them out. He went into the bedroom and found a spare pair of pajama pants, boxers, socks, and an old t-shirt that he thought would be a pretty good fit. About to bring them to Angel, he pulled up as a realisation hit him.
“He's finished, he's finished.” Dean pulled Crowley back to his feet, and shook him gently by the shoulders. “Crowley, listen to me. It's okay, it's okay. The angels can handle it from here. We gotta go. Come on. We need to find a way to put a shield around Heaven!” He knew once Loki discovered that they’d escaped, saved the angels, and disposed of all of his men, the god would attempt to unleash hell upon them.
“You know what I could use?” Dean said, not really caring about Samandriel’s explanation, “a couple of Advil. He shot Samandriel a hopeful look.
Sam sighed, as he let go of Eileen's hand and signed something to her. She signed back, and Sam smiled, before they sat down, and he said, "Okay, one game."
When the morning light started peeking in through the window, Dean was already awake. He’d had a pretty good night’s sleep - even the now-expected nightmare from Angel hadn’t disturbed him for much more than ten minutes - but he’d woken up from an extremely vivid dream involving Angel, and now he had a raging boner.
As Dean moved to stand, however, something underneath the guy’s prone form caught his eye. It looked like… no, it couldn't be, could it? He crouched back down and reached his hand out to feel it.
Dean told himself, remembering that Angel didn’t seem inclined to do anything without first being told he was allowed.
“We were hoping you could stay with us,” Castiel said, before Dean had a chance to ask.
It was no good ignoring the call either; if Eileen thought something was wrong it was likely she would turn up at his apartment. That would be infinitely worse, so he swiped his finger across the screen and a holographic image of Eileen appeared in front of him.
” Dean managed to get himself into a sitting position, and started to heave.
Dean had barely managed to groan out an, “Oh, fuck,” when Castiel began stroking him expertly. He definitely didn’t learn this from the historical documents, Dean knew that much.
Instinctively taking a step backwards, at the same moment as the rest of the crew, Sam felt a knot beginning to form in the pit of his stomach. A rift would be good right about now, he thought, as Ash slumped to the floor in a faint.
“Stick close to me,” Dean advised Castiel, gesturing for him to get into position.
The expression Dean saw on Crowley‘s face told Dean that he’d realized what he was up to, and he warmed to his role beautifully. “Oh, right! Well, how does it feel, Dean? Was it worth it? You've murdered us all!”
All eyes would certainly have been on them if Cas had done that, but Dean preferred that it was only him with his eye on Cas.
Dean and his fellow actors were seated behind a long row of tables, signing autographs. It wasn't the most exciting thing in the world, but he liked the opportunity this gave him to engage with the fans; maybe even give them a story or two to remember. He had briefly wondered why he was seated away from everyone else, but he figured it was because his line was longer, and he needed more room.
“You want fruit or bacon with them?” Dean asked. “Your choice.”
There was also their dad’s journal, which he’d started and written in regularly after their mom had died when Dean was four - Dean had added the occasional note, too - a few family photographs, and his dad’s ancient collection of cassette tapes. Unlike all the other tapes, the mixtape their dad had made for his wife was one that never got played, even when the old man was still alive, but Dean treasured it as much as the blankets.
A little girl with her blonde hair in cute braids, wearing the most amazingly detailed bee costume Dean had seen yet, was standing shyly as she held the hand of a grown man… who was also dressed in a bee costume. His costume looked like it had been put together with less loving care than hers though, and he seemed kind of stressed, but despite that Dean could see he was attractive as hell, even though he looked fairly ridiculous.
Well, okay then.
They carried on walking, and the lingering feeling of disorientation turned to one of relief as they finally reached their destination. The room he was in looked strangely like Robert Salvage’s house, with the multiple phone lines and hundreds of books on lore, creatures and spells. There were yet more cosplayers waiting for him there, and a replica of the battered old sofa in Robert’s living room. A woman standing next to the sofa gestured for him to sit, and he did so, unsure if he should be impressed or disturbed at the lengths these people had gone to to create such a startlingly realistic set.
Dean squeezed Sam a little tighter. "Thanks, man. You know, I really am sorry I didn't tell you about Angel. I hope you understand why."
A shimmering light appeared in front of him, growing and moving, and if Dean didn’t know better he could almost swear it looked like a portal. A real, actual portal.
The only way he could have crashed here was if he had fallen from one of the buildings that surrounded the alleyway. But why, and how? Surely a fall from that height would have killed him, or caused serious injury at the very least.
They had changed their whole society, believing that living like their favourite hunters would help them to defeat Loki, but alas, this plan hadn’t worked; Loki was as vengeful and vicious as ever. In a last-ditch effort to defeat him, it was decided that a delegation of angels would go to earth and appeal for help from the hunters they admired so much. They had other connections among the hunter network, but this had felt like a case that only Dean Smith and his crew could solve.
“You found him?” Eileen interrupted, gently mocking his choice of words.
“Sounds good to me,” Dean agreed, before he gave Eileen another hug, then she saw herself out.
Dean ran one hand over Cas’s feathers, and jacked him faster as he watched him fall apart.
Gently taking hold of Jo’s elbow, he said in his most seductive voice, “Beth Roadhouse, your siren call is filling my head with such strange thoughts.” He pulled her towards him a little, and stared deeply into her eyes, hoping she would be unable to resist him.
“Oh, this is great. You know, usually it's just cardboard walls in a garage,” he divulged, sitting back and getting comfortable.
Knowing it would take a little while for Ed to guide them back home, Cas took the opportunity to say his farewells to the other angels. Dean, Sam, and the rest of the cast said goodbye to them too, but it was with more of a sense of relief than anything else. At least, it certainly was for Dean.
Dean ran through the controls with her, then left them to play happily, while Gabriel told Dean and Cas that they were planning on staying in the area for a couple of days, and asked if they could visit some more.
“Yes, we wish to go to Heaven. You see, we work together, or not at all.” Sam confirmed, indicating his friends… and Ash.
“Cas?” Dean watched him, awestruck, wondering if Cas had been pretending all along, or if Dean’s words had snapped him out of the effects of the stuff they injected him with.
Dean could hear Samandriel’s voice droning on as he continued relating his ‘fascinating’ tale about Loki. As he began to drift off to thoughts of blue eyes and pink lips, Dean once again found himself impressed at these guys’ dedication to the roles they were playing. If he wasn’t feeling so shitty he might even have told them so.
“Memory loss?” asked Sam. “Maybe he received a blow to the head when he was injured.”
he probably thought Dean was making fun of him.
Dean strolled over to stand behind Jo, who at that moment was being asked a most interesting question by a fan.
Jo laughed then, as a sudden thought of how to deal with Loki’s men came to her. “Well, besides, I just had this really interesting idea.”
"Hey, I was only messing with you," Dean said, feeling just as guilty as Angel looked. "You take as long as you want - it's good to see you enjoying it."
“If you would all take your positions,” Castiel said, indicating the table containing books of lore.
Obviously, Sam and Crowley weren’t feeling quite so comradely, as they both snapped back at him, “Oh, shut up.”
“It’s okay,” Dean uttered gently, his voice almost a whisper. “It’s just water.”
He could feel the anger beginning to boil inside him thinking about Chuck, but he had to keep it together for Cas.
“You look fine, Cas, but Gabriel isn’t gonna care what you look like. He’s just gonna be glad it’s you.”
Angel kissed Dean back, and he was soon climbing on top of Dean and trying to pull his clothes off. But something felt wrong - like Angel was initiating sex to ground himself, instead of it being because he was horny - so Dean broke off the kiss and held his face tenderly.
“You ready to hit the club?” Dean asked once they were back in the car.
the universe is trying to tell us something.
Other than going to the bathroom to pee, they didn't move from this position all night. Dean hardly slept, especially after Angel had the worst nightmare he'd had since the first couple of nights.
Loki carried on, despite Dean’s obvious lack of interest. “And if I do not hear what I like.”
Angel’s favourite thing seemed to be listening to Dean play his music, and it quickly became a routine that he would activate Colonel at the same time as picking up the guitar, and then they would sit together; Angel with a serene smile on his face. For Dean, it was sitting with Angel at the end of the day, playing whichever game Angel chose, or watching something on the screen. It felt gloriously domestic and comfortable, and the only thing that could make it better would be for them to take that final step and act on the sexual tension that was ever present - and growing - between them.
“And finally tonight,” Ash announced, barely able to contain his excitement, “my fellow NoNaticles, the brave leader of this band of hunters; Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean…”
Angel closed up the dishwasher and nodded, then followed Dean back out to the living room. As he got comfortable on the sofa once more, Dean set up the game, then sat next to him, making sure the gap was large enough that they wouldn't be touching.
“Go!” Ed shouted, and they jumped forward again.
Angel stared at him, then slowly shrugged his shoulders.
Before they could move, however, a group of creatures emerged from a clump of trees nearby. They were humanoid, and at first glance they looked just like children. Their behavior was quite different, however; they weren’t playing or chatting like Dean would expect a group of kids to be, and there was something about their eyes… Actually, their stillness and silence gave them a pretty creepy vibe, so he urged the others to hide behind a boulder with him to observe them, as they gathered around a water fountain.
“The angels?” Castiel asked, pleading for mercy with his eyes.
“Yeah,” Gabriel breathed out sadly, as Claire looked down at the floor.
“How are you with a knife? You any good at chopping onions?” he inquired, as he took out one of the vegetables in question.
"That looks perfect. Good job, buddy," Dean said, relieving Angel of the bowl. "You wanna help cook 'em?"
When he was finished he nodded to Dean, bypassing the puzzled look from Gabriel. Dean couldn’t think of a way to explain what Sam had just done without saying it out loud, so he shrugged, before leaning against the wall to wait for the reinforcements.
Dean’s back hit the wall as Castiel moved into his personal space, tilting his head, and Dean attempted to explain... to try undoing the damage Loki had done.
Angel cried out in pain, but he did as instructed and put his uninjured arm around Dean’s shoulder. He stared wide-eyed at Dean as he began to carry him, out of the alleyway and through the rainy streets. He was heavy enough, but not nearly as much as he should have been for a grown man of approximately six feet in height.
Dean practically face palmed himself at not thinking of this sooner. It never got cold in his apartment - the equilibrium controls keeping the entire building at a constant temperature made sure of that - but he doubted Angel would be comfortable walking around shirtless all the time. Dean certainly wouldn’t complain about the view, but… he didn’t think that he should be spending all his time ogling his guest.
“Jo! Can you hear me? Jo? I don't want to die down here. Bring me back, Jo!”
“No, I don’t. But I had to call him something, and Angel seemed right, somehow.”
Castiel and his entourage of angels interrupted his musings as they reappeared from wherever they’d been. Dean couldn’t disguise how pleased he was to see the angel again, and he smiled stupidly at him.
Dean stared at Angel’s face as he bit his lip while focusing all his attention onto the game. The graze had all but disappeared, and… dear god, he really was unbelievably handsome. The way he was nibbling on his lip in concentration drew Dean’s attention to them, and how deliciously plump and pink they were. Had they always been that attractive?
“Now, do you think you can stand?” Dean held his hand out to Angel, adding, “If we can get you to the bathroom, you can take care of any, er… business you might have, and take off what’s left of these pants.”
He’d learned that the angels believed they were real hunters, and knew of them through watching the show. They didn’t realize it was a show, or even what a show was, and he didn’t have the heart or inclination to correct them. What harm could it do if he didn’t tell them the truth?
“That sounds great. We’ll talk about you behind your back.” Gabriel gave Dean a wink and a grin, and Dean laughed. He couldn’t help but like this guy, and his quirky sense of humour.
Dean and Castiel had barely set foot outside the Divinity Den, when they ran into a scene of mayhem. A group of angels were beating the ever living crap out of one of Loki’s men, while Crowley, armed with an angel blade, seemed to have taken on one of them single-handedly. Despite all evidence that the douchebag was dead, Crowley persisted in stabbing him, almost as if he was possessed.
He was about to ask if Cas wanted to play a practice game just the two of them, when Sam and Eileen finally dragged their asses out of bed and joined them in the library.
“Likewise.” Dean let go of him and ushered him inside. “Benny, this is Angel. Angel, this is Benny.”
“What do you mean he doesn’t speak?” Gabriel interrupted. “Was he injured? Has he lost his voice?”
The sand beneath them began shifting and swirling, and Sam suddenly worried that this had been a terrible decision. “Guys. Guys?” he said, wondering if it was too late for them to change their minds.
When he’d finished writing, Cas furiously thrust his note into Gabriel’s hand, and as he read, his expression turned from angry to apologetic. He looked back over to Dean, and meekly offered an apology. “Sorry man, I... um, jumped to conclusions.”
The rest of that day, and the next, were pretty quiet - other than Eileen’s lesson - and Dean noticed that Angel didn’t want to let him out of his sight for more than a few seconds at a time. Thankfully, he didn’t find the constant presence of his boyfriend irritating… In fact, he was quite happy for them to always be entwined, in one way or another.
“Wonder where I got that from?” Crowley looked distinctly like he wanted to go another round, but Sam interrupted their squabble.
If the wicked glint in his eye was any indicator, Loki was completely unmoved. Yet he still asked Dean, “You wish to save the life of this angel?” The last word uttered in disgust.
Dean was grabbed from either side by Loki’s douchebags and held firmly, as the god approached him, full of fury. “Then tell me, how do you decipher it, this Book of the Damned?”
Cas stared back at Dean for what felt like hours, eyes boring into Dean’s soul, until finally, “I want to stay here,” he said decisively. Dean was certain he was going to cry now, as Gabriel and Claire looked between them, understanding of the situation beginning to dawn on their faces.
“Explain,” Loki demanded.
"I'll keep my clothes on, but I think you should take yours off, 'k?"
called.” Gabriel suddenly looked murderous, as he checked something on his computer. “That was at twelve thirty-six. We called Sam right away, and while he was on his way here, Chuck called again. Twelve fifty-two. He told Castiel where they were supposed to meet - alone - but Cas wouldn’t tell us. He only cared about protecting you. He left before Sam even got here, and about ten minutes later… at one forty, your door cam buzzed, and we found you unconscious outside the building. You woke up about twenty minutes later.”
He looked back up, just to check, and sure enough, his unwelcome visitors were still there, and still wearing their costumes.
Sam was nearly knocked over by the hug he got from Dean.
Ed picked himself up off the floor, and handed Dean his radio back.
fail to realize is that the angels have joined together to create a shield more powerful than you could possibly imagine,” Dean said, as one of Sam’s spells hit him and he was turned into a popsicle.
he thought as his heart started racing, and his breathing became shallow.
“Yeah, we’re good. And you? Did you get that psycho Chuck?”
As he spoke, his voice changed from cheeriness to concern; obviously noticing that something was very wrong. Dean was pretty sure that his forehead was bleeding, and his nose was bruised, and knowing Chuck, he was deliberately pointing the camera at the injuries.
Angel shook hands with him, then signed, ‘hello, Sam’.
More sex?
“Looks real.” Man, Dean was still so tired. He tried to stifle a yawn, but it forced its way out anyway, and he sipped at his Coke so as to not appear too rude in front of his hosts.
“You wouldn’t happen to have a spare coat lying around, would you?” Benny asked Dean.
He stared at Benny's face, waiting for a reaction, but all he got was a raised eyebrow and a nod of the head. He was obviously waiting for the full explanation.
had taken, but he was confident he could beat Sam this time.
“Yeah,” Harry replied. “I can talk you through the whole thing. Whatever you do... don’t open the door until I explain the first step.”
Very quickly, almost all of Loki’s men were either dead, injured, or had run off; apparently, they were as bad at fighting as Stormtroopers. Jo and Hannah fought with exceptional enthusiasm, dispatching the last one together.
“This episode was badly written!” He muttered under his breath, and he felt Castiel tense up behind him. He had a horrible feeling that Castiel had heard that... hopefully he didn’t understand what Dean meant by it.
Angel smiled at this, and Dean couldn't help smiling back. He gently lifted his hand to Angel's chin, and with the lightest of touches, turned Angel's head. The graze was completely gone, but it drew his attention to how much stubble the guy had. Unless he was intending to grow a beard, he badly needed a shave.
He could have stayed like that all day, but Eileen was going to show up any minute now. Breaking off the kiss, he said, “Sorry, Angel, but we’ve gotta make ourselves decent before Eileen arrives.”
” Gabriel shouted his brother’s name, and Dean grabbed him by the arm.
“Yes. And A… Castiel will need to make a statement as soon as possible.”
Bending down to Crowley’s eyeline and removing his sunglasses with a flourish, he joked, “Am I too late for Crowley’s panic attack?”
Switching his angel radio on, he shouted frantically into it, “Dean? Dean, can you hear me?”
All of that changed when he discovered the historical documents of the
“Season
Dean gasped, and almost pulled his hand away, when it came into contact with bare skin. Every other night, Angel had worn a shirt, but now suddenly he wasn’t, and Dean didn’t know what to do. His hand lay warm on Angel’s skin, and the way it moved under his touch with his breaths was mesmerising.
Angel did that intense staring thing that made breathing quite difficult all of a sudden. Dean was quite certain he wasn't as fascinating as Angel made him feel every time he spoke, and he was grateful he was able to distract himself with his pancake batter.
“But-” Dean started, before Eileen interrupted him again.
“Raving egomaniac?” Dean hadn’t forgotten what Crowley called him.
Dean handed Angel the shampoo, saying, “Here, put some on your hair.”
Dean got a definite thrill at Cas getting all assertive like that, and he stepped a little closer. “Cas, are you free Saturday evening? I know a great-”
“Ed! Get your friend Harry to cast the time reversal spell. Now!!” Dean knew that using the book apparently meant the creation of a ‘negative reaction of biblical proportions’, but hopefully that was an exaggeration. They needed a solution now, before Loki stabbed Castiel with that blade, and it was lights out for the angel... permanently. He was starting to feel woozy from the loss of blood, and this felt like their only chance.
“Are you stalling?” Gabriel narrowed his eyes, and looked at Dean with suspicion. “What’s going on? I don’t…
Feeling remorse at spending an entire day ignoring Colonel, and vowing to let his faithful friend roam free tomorrow, Dean set up his makeshift bed once more. He had almost fallen asleep when the unmistakable sound of Angel having another nightmare disturbed the calm of the night. Again, he went into his bedroom and found Angel in distress, and again he put his hand on the other man’s back between his wings and soothed him.
