“You’re fantastic.”
he thinks to himself. Sherlock’s deodorant is starting to wear off after all the running around they’ve been doing.
Sherlock is already laughing.
Sorry for the delay! I should take this time to inform you all that for the next three months, I will be neck deep in work. I have a job in the formalwear industry and Prom and Wedding season is about as intense as Black Friday, but for weeks at a time. So be patient with me if I fail to update quickly. As a side note, if anyone reading this fic is getting married and/or going to prom this season, I ask that you please treat your formalwear provider with kindness and respect. I don't work in retail, but I know the stress must be out of this world. Thank you!
. “I want you. Marry me.”
Sherlock pads closer, abandoning his microscope. Something more interesting has caught his attention. Grey hairs. Reaches out to touch, leans in to smell. To taste. Kisses the back of John’s head.
They still don't talk about it. They don't have to.
They share a look. Familiar, warm, hundreds of years old. “We’ll see.”
John murmurs his name.
“Who’s this then?” Deez asks.
Sherlock thinks.
. Sherlock wants to. And shower sex is a little steamy, isn't it? At this point in their relationship? Maybe Sherlock is kinkier than he lets on. Maybe he lied about being asexual. Or maybe John should stop assuming that an asexual man can't have kinks. Can they have kinks? A paradox? Almost an oxymoron? Like jumbo shrimp? Asexual kinks? Except not really. No. Not an oxymoron. He needs to stop thinking, now.
But. When John looks at him. Looks at him as he is in this moment. Sherlock’s desire to procure a cerebral spade and dig for buried nuances he’s observed but never committed fully to memory is unprecedented. He wants to know. Now. Right now. What John’s thinking, what he wants, because John Watson is ruining him and it hurts so good
Sherlock digs his fingernails into the cushions. “I’ve determined it’s worth the risk.”
“What? John, we’re loitering in the vicinity of Anderson’s office. He’s an idiot, but I’m sure even he will deduce that we’ve been up to no good.”
This is a sort of try-again for Derogatory. Enjoy!
Dr. Watson: The Adventures oh the Three Garridebs
Sherlock allows the arse comment to slide. If it makes John happy, it makes him happy.
John returns not a moment too soon. “Behaving yourself?” he asks Sherlock.
. It tears at him. Eats at him. And Sherlock is in agony. His mind is his most valuable asset. He’s honed his skills, trained himself to block out sights or smells or noises that have the ability to derail his train…trains…his bloody switching yard of thoughts. Interviewing a nursery school teacher while a dozen children belt
Sherlock and John take a detour through the park. Because John has an insatiable desire to eat morning, noon, and night and Sherlock knows that if John isn’t fed in a timely manner, he’ll lapse into a stropy silence, wistful little noises in the back of this throat when they pass an establishment that may or may not resemble a restaurant. (
John struggles not to glance at table three. “Why?”
John pins Sherlock against the bathroom door. “Jesus, forget the gloves. This would be next to impossible if—“
’s of the evening. “No touching below the belt. Do not restrict my arms. No kissing. No slurs or pet names. Abide by these rules and we’ll get along swimmingly.” His smile is quick and perfunctory and kind of creepy.
he thinks as he sips his tea, spying on the Holmes brothers from his seat in the kitchen. Their non-verbal to-ing and fro-ing captioned by a quirk of an eyebrow, a tilt of the head, a smirk of the lips.
Sherlock is inebriated. He doesn't really care. He invades John's space. Sherlock's space. Because they share space, now. That's what people who are about to marry each other do. Though, come to think of it, they shared each other's spaces in the beginning. Filled each other's spaces. Overflowing. Drowning in each other from the start. Sherlock inhales deeply through his nose. He intends to keep drowning for the rest of his life.
with a wave of her fork. Because she’s right. He will only get worse.
“Algolagnia.”
“What are you doing?”
“That was last night, John. Do keep up.” When John does not respond immediately, Sherlock summarizes, “Grave robbers.”
Sherlock is rattling off the components of honey-based glue when he notices John’s absence. John’s disinterest in monosaccharides, disaccharides, and oligosaccharides is mildly irritating, but Sherlock has bee pheromones to introduce to the turkey legs John maybe-probably won’t eat if Sherlock hides them behind the wenis samples on the second shelf in the refrigerator.
Sherlock doesn’t reply. He clings to John. Knuckles aching with the force of his grip. He missed this. Well, not this. But
Sherlock bends his head lower.
“Interesting,” Sherlock murmurs. As crazy as it sounds, being called interesting by Sherlock Homes is equally as satisfying as sex.
Sherlock thinks,
Sherlock's mobile is ringing. And ringing. And ringing.
“You’ve done this before. You’re jealous,” Mary giggles. As if Sherlock’s behavior has reverted him to a child-like status. His jejune attitude toward her more amusing than challenging. “It’s adorable.”
John goes all squishy and squinty and Sherlock suddenly understands the appeal.
Sherlock is out of bed. Naked as a jaybird.
Sometimes, Sherlock wonders.
Sherlock is stony-faced.
John mimes. Sherlock checks the reflection in the window. Table three, bald German with acute gingivitis. He either has a gun in his pocket or he’s very excited about his lasagna. John isn’t so much mouthing,
“Since now.”
love?
“Freak.”
way. In
Spur of the moment. Isn’t really thinking. No immediate plans for the future. Their future. Together. John blinks at the inexpensive band of silver cradled in his left hand. Swallows thickly. He thinks it’s funny in an ironic sort of way. Growing up, he was a proactive little shit. Decided he wanted to be a doctor at an early age. Studied up on human anatomy. Learnt every bone, very muscle, text books and a slew of girlfriends in the back seat of his parent’s Ford Anglia once or twice or three times. Joined the army.
Things escalate rather quickly. Probably angst-y, but not to worry.
“One day I’ll just punch you in the face.” Said John as he retrieved his charger and came back to sit at his desk. He wanted to wrap the case as soon as possible.
‘I don’t think you know what “being fine” means after being so close to someone. I’m sorry it took me a couple of days before you could be allowed into the room without being family.’
‘I love you.’ Both were frozen for a moment as John processed Sherlock’s words, he couldn’t take the silence and broke it going thought all his thoughts and insecurities. ‘I know it’s not the most conventional way to say it, I mean, we’re not even dating or anything… well yes, we are friends, have been for a while, but you immediately took a more permanent and important role in my life. I will totally understand if you don’t want to ever see me again, I mean, you date women and while you have been respectful to me I don’t think I have ever seen you…’
As soon as the tone came, the voicemail engaged, and I just knew he had gone to face the gang on his own. The thing is I had my weapon while he had nothing. I hung up and went to catch a cab while texting Mycroft to see if he had any information on his brother. He decided a call was in order, and demanded the details of the case. It is unusual of Sherlock to get involved into something for a little over a month. He was beginning to worry that in his haste to wrap up the case, he’d get careless.
John’s statement made them both giggle. They remained in silence for a moment basking in each other’s company. No words were needed between them, they just had to be in the presence of the other to feel safe and complete. Because all the time Sherlock spoke to John, he was missing something to make him alive. Without the other they just existed, they drifted through the world without a care of what happened around. Pointless.
Lestrade was the one to quicken the developments. After a month of having practically nothing to go by, and Sherlock not sharing the information regarding the case, he had NSY on his back demanding for results and a full description on the case before it went cold. We needed to finish things as soon as possible. Not only for our sake and safety, but because Lestrade threatened Sherlock on pulling him off the case if things weren’t solved.
She just smiled. She knew she’d follow even if her only chance was with him was as a friend.
‘Oh Sherlock, there’s no need to be that formal.’
John spends New Year's Eve with the Holmes in London. Yes Mycroft is still young and inexperienced yet to become the British Government so he must do the office guard as I did. That means no leaving the city and being at the office early on the 02/01/2017 first thing to answer the phone calls and emails that will never arrive because everyone important is on holidays. Sorry Mycroft.
‘I’m sorry?’
‘He enrolled into the tutoring programmes, they do the pairings at random but, apparently, they just don’t consider the areas in which students excel. I just got into this topic because I thought it was easy, and was assigned to the most anti-social tutor of all the possible students enrolled in the program. What am I supposed to do?’
We were at a Mexican standoff. I was ready to engage them all if needed. I had never been so happy to hear the words “Police! Don’t move!” They tried to run but were immediately intercepted. I saw Lestrade’s worried expression while he approached us and asked for an ambulance.
‘I’d like to be alone John.’ The statement hurt and was filled with pain even to his own ears. He felt ashamed for his weakness.
The first one was easy. He went straight into the room, and I hit him on the back of the head with the gun. The other one was alerted of my presence by the sound, to be honest, he did give a fight. It was until he was on the ground that I noticed I was bleeding, Sherlock was just waking up, and the one on the top of the stairs decided to barge into the room.
‘Well, you’ve seen me. Your task is complete, you can leave.’
‘I’m telling you that you have a terrible taste in woman and that miss Morstan will have to be dismissed from your life.’ He tried to remain cold and calculated even though it felt like swallowing lead.
‘If you just called to insult me Sargent, I’ll just cut the call short. What do you want?’
‘Well yes, are you deaf? I just said I do.’ He was back to exasperated, John considered it a win. He was still moving around adding things to a brew he was doing.
In the end, he messaged John and asked him to stay with Sherlock. His parents would be there in the morning to take him to Sussex.
‘It was for a night.’
Once again, John could do nothing more than nod and wait to be given orders. Sherlock gave him a reassuring smile before going into detail of what happened to him.
That’s when he saw it. His name had been carved on the man’s chest before he died. He could see the rough patterns that signalled a struggle, the man was conscious and alive when the wounds were inflicted. He could only suppose that in the end he blacked-out because of the pain he had to endure to get such ragged lacerations. The knot on the rope and his grin indicated that he tried to warn about something to his murderers, because there was no way this had been a one-man job.
‘Thank you for clarifying that I’m a fun sight! Remove yourself from my working station, I’m busy.’ He took out again what he had thrown into his bag plus a bagged glove. His expression was now closed and reserved, John could practically see walls being built in seconds. He tried again by asking him about his experiments, it was like walking on eggshells and trying not to break them.
‘Not at all. That would be just cruel without mentioning the obvious. You’re not the best actor and your moral compass is far too good. I’m afraid this peculiar trait of yours would lead to our demise. There’s also the fact that I’d never put you in that position. It’s too close and too dangerous.’
Sherlock hadn’t really counted John into his schemes, but what he just said saved him a whole lot of trouble. She looked between them, seizing them for a moment deciding what would be her best option while John tensed as he understood what was going on. They were in danger and this woman was the source of it.
‘Ok guys, stop. What is going on?’ John was watching the discussion as one might watch a ping-pong match. Just trying to get a glimpse of the ball as it’s being thrown between the players until one of them is not fast enough to hit it. He sat there expecting an answer, Sherlock won over Mary for a moment.
Sherlock gets kidnapped. BAMF! John rescues him.
‘Any problem Mr. Holmes?’ His attention shifted to the front, he could see everyone’s attention on him. A quick look at what was on the board and he knew the topic, and the mistakes that were never considered but that anyone with half a brain should know.
Hello, sorry that this chapter is a bit confusing. I tried to summarise the whole term in a couple of lines. I also wanted soome information to come through. It's kind of my holidays special. I hope you enjoy it.
‘Are we going to Roberts Building?’
John was speechless, the person right before him knew things that he hadn't discussed yet, but had been on his mind. 'That, was amazing.'
‘Ever the dramatic. What did he do to annoy you?’ Sherlock crossed his arms, and his frown deepened, if possible. There was no going back on this.
“Apart from the obvious that even your team would've been able to see, the first stab is always the one on the back. Whoever is doing this is most definitely part of the gang. You want to solve the case? We have to go in and leave all your rules behind.”
I made my way through a broken window, and treaded lightly through the corridor looking into the other rooms. I could hear voices coming from upstairs, and tried to do my inspection as swift and efficient as possible.
At his bashful expression, John could no nothing more but smile. Everyone has their own reasons to do things.
‘So, I’ll just assume that you just enjoy isolation?’
‘Yes, it’s part of my agreement with my brother.’ He childishly stuck out his tongue, and John couldn’t avoid giggling as he passed Sherlock the phone for him to see the message.
‘No, I just thought… well Sherlock and I were talking about a few things and, well, it made me realise that you two have a couple of things to clear between you. Sherlock will know what I’m talking about.’ Having said this, she gathered her things and left wishing them luck and winking at Sherlock.
‘I never made such agreement…’ Began Mycroft before being cut by Sherlock
‘Oi! Watch it Watson.’ Said Sherlock half mocking him and half annoyed for the statement.
He turned his whole attention to John. He was still fuming but had somewhat relaxed. Sherlock sat straight and looked him directly in the eye. ‘There are more important matters to be addressed.’
‘That’s an awful lot of questions you’ve got there. I’m just doing what I think will ultimately protect you from harm.’ Tried to dismiss Sherlock the topic as something inconsequential.
'How did you know about rugby? What else do you know?'
‘Come on Sherlock! Tell me about the super interesting thing that you’re mixing here and how it will help you solve something in the future when we have a case pertaining… dog hair?’ He couldn’t avoid laughing along John, it was just easy to fall back into their old routines. Apparently, a week wasn’t long enough to cut ties and end a relationship. His heart fluttered at the thought of having the possibility to form a relationship with John. He had to push the thought away before it was reflected in his facial features. It was just so easy to notice when someone is in love, that he feared John would notice. That’s why he kept his expression schooled into a cold mask of indifference when he was, in fact, feeling so much that he felt like dying.
The plan consisted on tipping off one of the network. They would have to visit me regularly in order to be able to create a solid background. After all, I did try to reduce abstinence syndromes by giving them small dosages of other chemicals. If they bit into the bait, it would be easier to tip off the main cause of the deceased.
“A small experiment gone wrong. Don’t worry; I’ll reconnect it in a moment. Were you doing something important on the Internet? Otherwise you wouldn’t have said anything on the matter.” He said as an answer to John’s query. It was things like this that made him go mad at him.
‘Apparently, we have several pending conversations.’ Added Irene in amusement as she just stared at them not fully understanding what was going on.
‘Yes, well, how was I supposed to know it wasn’t the right time or the right way? She was there, the evidence was obvious and, if anything, by leaving she gave away her guilt. I thought it was better to save him future misery. Isn’t that what friends do?’
‘You should’ve seen him when you were in the hospital being held after you took a dive to the Thames. When you were kidnapped he called me to ask if you were with me, he remained calmed albeit he has a tell or two. I see how he looks at you when we are all studying in your room. It’s just when he knows you won’t see him.’
‘Ok. But seriously. Don’t worry about her. You already knew that I am gay and had problems with drugs. Just leaving everything out there for us to be on the same page.’
‘I don’t want us to be enemies. I’ll give you everything you need in exchange of a new identity. I know that you covered Adler’s way out of the country, there’s no other way. The body retrieved wasn’t hers. How did you do it?’
Sherlock decided to end the conversation by paying attention to what was being said by the lecturer. It was a sight John hoped to never see again.
‘What do you know that are not willing to tell me? Are you leaving me out of the investigation because I’m dating her?’
‘Sherlock, what’s going on? Sorry John Watson.’ Curiosity was evident in his face and he could see her obvious infatuation with Sherlock. Stammering a bit out of shyness and her admiration at the genius was her problem.
He was not a pessimist, he just accepted facts as they were.
‘Hey there!’ Came a cheerful greeting from his left, turning he saw the rugby captain. He couldn’t avoid noticing that he wasn’t wearing the team uniform like yesterday, his second thought was that his jumper was hideous. Better avoid the topic. Looking behind him, just to be sure there was no one else, he turned to answer, but John beat him to it. ‘Yes, I’m talking to you. I never got your name.’
‘No worries about that, we knew it would be hard. Funny that now even the nurses agree with me being here rather than his family. Has Mary been here?’ The thought had occurred to him that she’d be interested in making an appearance if she was indeed involved.
I ran up to my room to grab my gun while calling Sherlock’s mobile. It was obvious he had gotten the same messages, but I still needed to know where he was. It is after all part of his nature to get in trouble and go head first into it rather than wait for someone. He always has a plan; I’m just not fond of being left in the dark for long.
‘Well isn’t this a turnout?’ Sherlock’s heart stopped as he saw John in a suit coming into the room, his face a blank mask and his stride sure and full of purpose. ‘Evening.’ He felt like dying. It was like drowning in the deepest and darkest place at the bottom of the Thames the day he jumped except that he wasn’t about to die because of it. Then he noticed John signalling S.O.S.
Hiding a shy smile behind his hand, Sherlock sat straight in his chair before announcing the words he had dreaded for a long time.
Enter one Dr. John H. Watson.
John tried to keep calm to the comment. He knew that this was “Sherlock” for “I am utterly bored out of my mind and would like to have something to do but my brother is being an unreasonable prick and is keeping me off a case.” Nothing too complicated, just plain Sherlock. He giggled, Sherlock turned to face him with a mock frown in his face, a smile was already making an appearance, and he looked as young as he was.
When he saw me, he signed me to be quiet; it was likely that they were expecting him to be fast on his errand for something. He pointed me the way to where Sherlock was, turns out he had been taken, and I sent him on his way back with the instruction to get Wiggins and the other 3 out of the building. Lestrade shouldn’t be that far away, he knew who they were.
The vitals had been spiking announcing activity and doctors and nurses had been taking more rounds as to keep an eye on anything going on. Every time that the nurses got into the room to check after one of the machines beeped, his sister would practically hold her breath until the doctors announced what they saw. It was obvious to Sherlock that Harriet was suspicious about what where his intentions with her brother. Their conversations always turned to John no matter how gruesome was the initial topic, he was constantly on edge trying not to reveal his true feeling to his sister.
‘Please never say “mate” again.’ And they were giggling like any other time.
‘So, it was you who was murdering the PA’s.’ John stated in a silent tone which spoke tonnes to Sherlock, he just hoped they would take it as someone naïve discovering the “dark side” of a beloved one. After all, they did date for a while, and Sherlock never mentioned that she was the murderer.
“You’re a bloody bastard.”
It was a bitter thought to lose his brother to the grief of John.
‘I wasn’t about to leave all the fun to you. To be quite honest I’m tired of having them trying to bite my ankle.’
After a couple of days, and having Baker Street quiet, Sherlock decided that Warsaw was an interesting place and booked tickets. Following John was easier said than done, specially when he didn’t want John to know his whereabouts or having him thinking that he was following him because he felt alone. For a weekend, he roamed the streets and museums of Warsaw and had ice cream at the main square overlooking the castle and the cathedral. It felt like something cold was pressing his chest from the inside whenever he thought of what comments John would make about something.
‘Do try to act your age. John, I’m sorry to bring this up to your attention, but the Holmes family is willing to help with your fees. I know you, and before you decline, I’d like to add that you could pay with training and grades as you are deeply involved in a dangerous case. More often than not, people do not care that the target has no memories of the facts. Sherlock will update you on what’s going on and who is the confirmed suspect, as she’s bound to come as soon as she knows you’re awake.’
And it's a wrap! Thank you all for reading it even though it was a bit boring at the beginning. Cheers!
He lowered his sight to his books and pretended to read whatever was written. John wasn’t fooled, he had seen the way in which his mind found the connections, and Sherlock had been writing to the man for a while. There was no way he wouldn’t allow Sherlock to continue after seeing him.
‘I knew it! John, could you lend me your phone for a moment?’
Sherlock just turned around and left without mustering a word. In his experience, this was far from good.
It was a couple of minutes after the class began, that someone barged running into the room. The door was opened so strong that it banged against the wall and startled everyone. 'Sorry.' apologized the guy at the door as he hastily made his way to Sherlock's side.
'First of all, it's the first day, they'll likely just give us an overview of the program. You missed nothing and, had you completely skipped, are likely to be good as nothing will be covered today. Second, I'm not your "mate", so don't call me "mate." We don't even know each other. Lastly, what was on your mind when you decided to gather your team in the morning if you wanted to make it on time to class?'
‘Bloody hell, you’re just a kid. No wonder your peers were that immature. Not that I’m that level headed, but still. I just turned 20 and I can tell you that there’s a difference in people’s attitude.’
I love you too.
Needless to say that he actually managed a break through. It was at this point that he decided to bring us into what was going on in his mind.
Lestrade was speechless. ‘brilliant’
Sherlock keeps on with the investigation even though Mycroft told him not to. John is angry at him.
‘Not really, I’d just like to talk. Make a couple of points, or more like a statement…’
It took Sherlock a moment to realise that he had stopped. They were standing right before Roberts Building and the word “change” written in capitals caught his attention. He would be lying, even to himself, if he said that he hadn’t hope against hope that there was just the tiniest affection from John. Anything resembling love was properly filed and categorised in his mind palace, every smile and touch, for as insignificant as it seemed, was sitting almost hidden from himself as he tried not to fall in love. Although it would seem now that it was just wishful thinking as they both, Molly and himself, knew that he had been in love for quite some time now.
Sherlock crawled from under Moriarty’s corpse heaving and with a sick look in his face. John was helping him the moment he got over his shock of Mary shooting someone on the head. It shouldn’t be that much of a surprise as she did try and failed to bring them down.
‘You know you are most welcome. Anyone that passes Mycroft scrutiny and is able to see him in amicable terms is welcome, and worthy, for my parents. They really trust Mycroft’s judge of character.’
‘So, it is true. You and our dear soon to be doctor.’ His smug smile told Sherlock that he had been baited. He fell into his brother’s trap.
‘You weren’t picking up.’
‘I’m really sorry if we made you feel out of place.’
“Piss off Sherlock. It's none of your business.” Said John while looking for his charger within the cluster Sherlock had dropped on his desk.
I added a couple of things, the story remains unchanged, but I wanted to clarify a few things. However! I do introduce Moran as a hunter.
There was nothing Lestarde or I could say to make him change his mind. It was after an hour or so that Sherlock came out from his room. I hadn’t noticed his absence until that moment, and I noted just how silence the room had been for a while. He was in jeans, blazer and a blond wig with a hat. He looked nothing like himself. Up to this moment I hadn’t seen his disguise.
Sherlock’s smiles, his real smiles, were almost non-existent, it took a lot to actually make him smile, but for John, he could always smile for him. ‘So nice of you to finally show up! Come in, Mummy will be most pleased to finally meet you. She’s excited that I finally have a friend.’
“And yet you are still living here with me. So either you’re as mad as me, or I’m a delight to live with.”
“Sherlock! What did you do?” Almost screamed John at Sherlock. At least he looked bashful enough about the developments.
‘Sorry, Molly Hooper.’ Came her answer with a smile.
As Sherlock went out of focus, and he realised that his mind was slipping from his grasp, his last thought was none other than a prayer to be able to survive. Just for Sherlock because he needed him.
‘It began a few days after the police took Moran under custody. She was waiting for me by the school. She’s been spying for a while, or knows someone within the rugby team, because John had a date so he wasn’t with me as I left. She approached me casually, her name’s Irene Adler and let me tell you that I hadn’t met a woman as cleaver as she is. Her cunning is not just at par with ours, but she has this way to weave her way through things.’ He turned to Mycroft and his expression could only be described as “exasperated,” he could practically listen him urging him to get to the point of the whole conversation.
‘Yeah, but it’s different.’ He knew he was practically pouring his heart at John, this was the closest he had ever been to admitting sentiments to someone else that was outside of his family. After all, perhaps Mycroft was right and he needed this, be capable to confide to John Watson. If things were to work in the next couple of months, he would need to set aside everything that was a barrier between them and work as one. They’d no longer be two separate individuals but “Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
‘If you know what’s best for you, you will let the kids leave Professor.’ They all turned to see Mycroft entering the room through the same path taken by Mary. Sherlock had never been so happy to see his brother and, to both his delight and chagrin, Lestrade following right behind. ‘Did you really thought I’d leave my brother unprotected?’
‘Tell.’ The whole table went quiet with the sound of his voice. ‘for starters, it’s you’re scaring, and it’s not told, the correct tense would be “tell”.’
That’s when they were interrupted by Mycroft.
‘I knew I’d see you again. You turned on Irene, didn’t you? You’re the whistle-blower so to say. What a surprise to see you Miss Morstan, or should I call you Moran?’ Her smile turned dangerous at the mention of her name. She stood from where she was sitting by the corner and prowled to him as the fearless warrior that she was. No wonder she was so good as a sniper, she sure had a lot of patience.
‘Sherlock?’ Molly’s voice brought him back from his reverie once again. He smiled at her before signalling that they should keep on moving.
‘And live somewhere surrounded by idiots? No, thank you, I’d rather have a flat. Come with me to see flats on Friday!’
‘I do beg to differ. We are merely acquaintances with a common friend between us.’ He was staring directly at her, defying her. There was little that she could say back if he played his cards properly. She noticed.
‘We’re going out through the window.’ He stood packing his things in a hurry as Molly was left to catch up on what was going on.
Sherlock’s mind was working constantly, he remembered being suspicious of her. No one else saw that it made no sense for someone to be so prepared if she was not the murderer, or even to know who it was really. She had appeared at the police line and asked to talk to someone.
It didn’t take Sherlock longer than he expected to see again the rugby captain. He knew they would undoubtedly meet at the lab on Friday, but hadn't considered the older student to have several more pending subjects. He met him again on Tuesday at his second period.
‘But John!’
‘Do you intend to keep me out of the loop? I can’t allow you to go on your own.’ He was looking down at his hands when Sherlock turned back to him. He couldn’t stand to see him so troubled.
John was hurt, he could see that pity turn into surprise and morph into anger to finally set in sadness. John was sad that he was pushing him away from him, and he couldn’t explain that it was just so that Mary wouldn’t have him as a target or collateral damage in whatever the mission was. He had to act fast if he wanted to ever get John back. It was as if he was being impaled through the heart the moment John took his eyes off Sherlock in a defeated stance. He took a deep breath and gathered whatever strength he needed for what he said next.
‘Yes, her height fits. The only reason why someone would like to get everyone’s attention to someone else is because there’s a bigger target. I think they were all targets and someone knows the pattern’s there. The next target is likely relieved that the murderer was caught. Everything is made as to throw everyone out of the trail. We’re being lured into looking the other way. Don’t you see? This is likely of national security, and no one knows about it because no one’s really looking.’
‘I love you!’
‘Well if you’re not giving me a name I’ll just have to give you one.’ He smirked when Sherlock turned with an appalled expression, which slowly turned into something akin to murderous.
‘Yup. I jumped into the Thames.’
And yet, he stood bravely by him when he properly introduced him to Mary, because for Sherlock it was the other way but his mind revelled when forced to meet people. He also sat beside him and listened him talk endlessly about her and what they did at a date, or what they said through messages. He hated his situation, but he’d rather have a part of John’s affections than lose him completely.
‘Sherlock, I really think you should leave the whole business to them right now. Who knows what is going on.’
‘What were you thinking you prick? You could’ve died!’ Sherlock just kept staring at the ground, his decision to call John rather than Mycroft now seems like a bad idea, and a decision he will never again take in the future. He could practically hear his brother’s voice whispering to his ear “caring is not an advantage.”
As he sent the message, they were rushing out the door into the street. John could just try to catch up with Sherlock even in his somewhat weakened state and badly tied trainers. Something important was happening and it was up to him to catch up to them rather than fall behind. They arrived at the temple at the corner, and John finally could place a face to The Woman.
‘John, I really hope that this is not about to blow.’ They turned to each other and hurriedly gathered their stuff and headed to Euston Road to catch a cab. She did mention that they had to beat Lestrade after all, and the place was close enough to have a good 10 minutes to assess the crime scene.
‘If this is your way to do friends, let me tell you that it’s most certainly not working.’ Said John smiling. He could see that he was trying, and failing, to connect. To reach someone that was apparently so far from his grasp, he was stranded in an island on his own. John couldn’t avoid finding him as mysterious and fascinating as the previous day. He might be just a kid, a spoiled brat at that, but his sole problem was that he was unable to make connections.
‘No wonder you decided not to show up at school after such an awful weekend. After knowing you both, there’s no question in that Mycroft did it on purpose.’ Said John as soon as Sherlock told him about his weekend. There was a moment when he regretted asking, as he’d rather keep the distance between both brothers and their ongoing war, but knew that Sherlock needed someone to rant his problems.
‘People don’t change John. They just keep on moving if they see the chance.’
Harriet stood from her stool in the corner when Sherlock turned to John when he spoke, and was immediately at his side giving him a cup of water. There was silence as John sipped slowly and Sherlock tried not to scream, jump, run and press the button 20 times for a nurse to rush into the room. Harriet was a bit more composed and Sherlock was thankful that she never mentioned his anxiety the moment John stirred. He could listen her calling the nurse and someone taking John’s vitals. Everything was going to be alright. Except it didn’t.
‘What’s going on Irene? What’s so urgent that couldn’t wait for tomorrow?’
‘She’s been sleeping with someone else. A man going by the number of male products she used for today’s morning routine. She has also been avoiding the dorms. What, if I may ask, is it that you are hiding Miss Morstan?’
Both laughed for what seemed to stretch for ever. At least it felt like that until his mobile pinged with a message from Lestrade. Excitement filled them with the promise of a case and a relationship.
‘Oh please, don’t be boring.’ Came a voice from behind John, he had been so distracted that he failed to notice someone approaching them. He would berate himself for that later, right now they had to focus. ‘You won’t be leaving this place after we’re done here. Daddy has had enough. Back off.’
They both looked exasperated by the other. Sherlock regarding Lestrade too stupid to be a DI, and Lestrade by the fact that he was dealing with a 5-year-old-man.
‘Sound deduction John. Now if you could be so nice and leave me be for a moment. That would be great, thank you.’
A heartbeat stretched into a year. He just wanted the call to be over. It was one thing to hate yourself, loath directed to nothing but yourself, and the other is having an outsider tell you how much you should loath yourself. Now, Sherlock’s greatest fears were forcefully thrusted in his direction and he was unable to move. After all, she was right. John had been shot because he was an extension of his being, Molly failed a subject because he was a terrible tutor, Mycroft was trapped with him because of blood, and his parents were unable to leave because he was their responsibility. Even Constable Lestrade from the Met had problems because of him and they weren’t even close. As of now, he could count himself responsible of a wound, a failure, pain, loss, and a heartbreak.
‘I’m truly sorry John. I know that you wanted to go to the army and be a doctor saving lives even in one of the most impossible scenarios. I took it from you. It was my fault. I got too deep into a case and all of a sudden people were chasing me. I wanted to keep you safe. Maybe if I listened to what you told me…’
John stared at the black monitor. He had been working hours on writing down all his notes for the case and start writing something akin to a structured story.
“No, it’s fine. People should know that while I can help them solve their problems, it is you who they need to save their lives.” He gave John a small, fleeting smile, and left the kitchen. “It’ll be back up by tomorrow morning!”
‘What did you just say?’ His voice so deep and cold that made Molly shiver in fear as his expression turned into something collected and cold. She had never seen him like that, all his barriers and defences were up.
‘So, what is it?’ Asked John as Sherlock tried, and failed, to look busy in his laptop. He needed to think for a moment, what if Molly was right? ‘Sherlock?’
“There are no apparent signs of a fight or struggle.” I said more to myself, although by now I should know better. He heard me and made the face that said that
‘As long as you don’t turn into a burly brute.’ He rolled his eyes, John sobered up as they laid down on the grass turning to each other. John was about to say something before Sherlock’s phone light with an incoming call. It was so rare that both were rendered silent once again before Sherlock answered. The moment was broken and life moved on as it normally did.
"No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main." - John Donne
Deez, a bit taken aback, says, “Sure, mate.”
Subtext almost as loud as the proverbial gunfire. And this. This is where Mycroft fails to understand. Sherlock is already addicted.
They are arranging receipts on the floor when it happens.
“I’m sorry. We can’t all be masters of deduction.”
“You have a sheet.”
Sherlock leers. “You. And I don’t mean that in a Happy-Christmas-All-I-Want-Is-You way. I mean that in an Indelicate way. You. Submissive, preferably, as you bear a dominate role in the bedroom nine times out of ten.”
They haven’t spoken of marriage since. John’s word means more to Sherlock than anyone else’s, anyway. A piece of paper, God’s sanction hardly compares to John’s YES. So the question is: What happened on the fifteenth that designated the Ides of March as their anniversary?
“Penile amputation,” Sherlock rehashes.
“Fine!” John screams. Kicks Sherlock off. “Jesus! Just stop with the whispering. You know how much I hate that.”
Yes. God, yes. Can’t catch his breath. Huffing, burning, closer, and the mist is closing in around them.
staring. Sherlock never
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Too busy thinking at the ceiling. Toes curl against the leather cushions of the couch.
,” he enunciates. Adjusts the scarf around his neck only to discard it a moment later. Toward the fireplace. “Christ, John.” Watches his flatmate demolish the kitchen in search for paracetamol. “You’re like a, a rhino in a glass menagerie.”
An afflux of galaxies, twinkling like the stars Sherlock appreciates in spite of himself. John giggles with the improbabilities.
Before John can finish, Sherlock is out of bed. Naked as a jaybird.
He hits play. Purses his lips when he concludes he’s not listening to music. It’s...footsteps. A door opening, closing, and silence.
“John?”
Maths. Given the area of the coffin’s interior, adding the respiratory rate of—
) Could be Sherlock enjoys the convoluted scheming of star-crossed idiots in love and phony suicide stratagems.
Sherlock is partially catatonic at this point.
John laughs. Rolls Sherlock over on his back. Dusky bedclothes like a tent over his head. Sherlock has long since lost track of the edge of the bed, but he doesn’t mind. It’s huge. Large enough for two, grown men to wrestle as much as they please, thank you.
) More importantly, what do uteri and hydrochloric acid have anything to do with Sherlock’s present case? He’s investigating an American carnie named Bosco who eats chickens alive. Blood, guts, feathers, and all.
Sherlock disrobes fussily. He really does hate the holiday season. He doesn’t understand why John enjoys it so much. All the colors and the people and the noise. Sherlock shudders. This time of year used to be a source of great pain for him. When he was younger. When he hadn’t yet learned how to filter out the abundance of information crowding his eyes and his brain felt like it was eating itself. He remembers the fevers. His skin sensitive to the touch, physically paining him merely because
John looks at Victor’s card. His printed name is as bold and lurid as he is in person. “Trevor Enterprises,” John reads. “What does he do, exactly?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock and John are locked inside an industrial freezer.
Sherlock thinks. A full belly tends to make John whimsical. Sherlock can tell by the movement of his eyes that John is logging and classifying the random data supported by tiny droplets of water and ice crystals. Apophenia, meaningful patterns or connections, pareidolia. Sherlock is pleased to note his observational skills are rubbing off on John. First clouds, next dead bodies.
Sherlock upends a bin of hazardous waste. A well-placed kick and an ungodly snarl of frustration.
“Sherlock, this is a matter of the utmost—“
“No one’s seen fit to critique me before,” Sherlock adds snootily.
“Watching a movie.”
“He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not.”
Sherlock is silent. John doesn’t let go.
Sherlock stubbornly refuses to tattle.
Sherlock’s threshold for pain is one of the most paradoxical, inconsistent traits Sherlock possesses. Knife wound? No problem. Oil of vitriol? Piece of cake. A cold? Lord have mercy.
John presses closer. His denim clad thigh wedging itself between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock surrenders a little more of his weight to John’s care, adding delicious pressure
Sherlock answers, "John."
“This must be Dr. Watson!” New Money exclaims. Snifter of brandy in hand, he introduces himself as, “Victor Trevor, at your service.” with a smile that could terrify bloodthirsty sharks. “I’ve heard so much about you.”
John squints. Tilts his head in the other direction. “Seriously? I…” Nudges Sherlock once he realizes his flatmate is having him on. “What do you really see?”
John makes vague hand motions at Sherlock behind Mrs. Hudson’s back. (Sherlock shrugs.) Pats Mrs. Hudson on the shoulder. Doesn’t know whether he should say
"John!" Sherlock cries. Leaps out of his chair, his robe unfurling, silken blue. Hasty footsteps from the kitchen to John's laptop, which is in John's lap. Sherlock navigates from YouTube funny cat videos to his website with precise and fluid typing, sleeve ghosting across the keys. "John," he says again. Eager. Brimming over. Turns the computer so John can put two and two together. So John can see what he sees. So John can brim over, too. So they can drown together. The good kind of drowning. The breathing-is-boring kind.
“You want to know what I think?”
“Okay. What’s wrong?” John doesn’t have the energy to wrest a confession from Sherlock. The sight of him cowed and trembling lances his heart so he dismisses wheedling in favor of silence. Waits patiently for him to either shut him out or come clean.
Sherlock does not dignify John’s madness with a response.
“I thought you were friends?”
Sherlock follows him like a petulant duckling. Dressed for bed, glaring sullenly at his mobile and John in turn. Like it’s John’s fault people are happy for them.
Sherlock crushes his cigarette under his heel even though he never lit it. “Someone of your…” He averts his eyes. “...talents might be beneficial.” He shrugs. “If…” he trails off before abruptly finishing his sentence, the imperious tone of voice from earlier in the evening making a reappearance, “If you’re amenable.”
But the point. And it is sex. Sherlock doesn’t care, to put it mildly. John does. Sherlock cares about John. So he will care about their sexual encounters.
Sherlock leans forward in his seat. “Everything.”
—texts him something dire and life-threatening and it usually involves either guns or milk.
Wow. Okay. Obviously some sort of experiment Sherlock is conducting at the flat. John faintly remembers Sherlock saying something about a case last night, but it was late and he can’t remember the details. Something about phone calls. Must correlate. Somehow. John only has fifteen minutes left for lunch and he’s hungry and he’s not going to start wheedling for fine points. “Uh. Jacket, shirt, trousers, tie, socks, shoes, pants.”
“I make no promises.”
Sherlock bends his knees. Lowers himself slowly, slowly.
He kind of likes it.
Well, shit. “You didn’t say anything.”
, which gives Sherlock a sick sense of satisfaction to retain a term so unapproachable. It has served him well in the past. He does not plan to discard it now.
Sherlock simulates distress, leaving the table. Head bowed, feints left, tackling the German out of his chair before he can put a bullet through his wife’s head.
Sherlock allows himself to be overwhelmed because John longs to overwhelm him.
Of course he isn’t.
okay. No more you and I or me, but we and us.
John narrows his eyes at Sherlock and Sherlock narrows his eyes back. “Look, do you want a lap dance or not?” Imperious eyes, imperious lips, imperious everything. John’s not sure if he’s amused or irritated. An undercover stripper. Propositioning
“It should have.”
Sherlock leans into John, pelvis first. Leaves his shoulder open for escape and how could John not love him with every fiber of his being?
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.
“I’m trying to lure him out.”
John is determined to be creative and, and! Visceral! Or something. He reads up on the subject. Nonsense such as,
“No, I. I had fun.”
John turns, sleepily pulls Sherlock into a kiss. Or what he thinks is a kiss. He’s virtually asleep, but Sherlock lets him. He always lets him. Relishes the taste of John’s breath, in and out. Alive.
“Very good.”
“I mean the whole us together thing. Eating takeaway and watching twelve hours of security footage.”
Sherlock catapults his body from its torpor with a vicious kick of his legs. One step, two, and he plants his nose in John’s hair. He’s done this before, he’s aware. Second occurrence in as many months and maybe it means something, but Sherlock can’t be arsed to analyse…
Sherlock shepherds John toward the couch. Doesn’t want John on the floor. The floor is not conducive to his needs.
“Bit excessive.”
Sherlock and John walk through the park on their way home. Because John has an insatiable desire to eat morning, noon, and night and Sherlock knows that if John isn’t fed in a timely manner, he’ll lapse into a stropy silence. Wistful little noises in the back of this throat when they pass an establishment that barely resembles a restaurant. If his hunger reaches critical levels, John will moan like a cat in heat until Sherlock relents and carries his starving arse to the nearest vending machine.
John scrutinizes Sherlock, whose arms are peevishly folded across his chest. “The objective is to get to the other side of the room, you know.”
Sherlock moves on.
“Mm.”
John shrugs. His face is rosy from laughter. “Oh, c’mon. You can think of a reason why we’re down here, can’t you?”
,” he bites, “putting yourself—no. Shut up.” Sherlock closes his mouth, teeth clicking. “Where do you get off purposefully endangering yourself? Purposefully—yes, I understand that’s how you get your kicks,” John says before Sherlock dares to speak again. “Prove you’re clever. Well, I’ve got news for you Sherlock, and you’d better listen because I’m only saying this once. You do not so much as
“You faked your death.”
Sherlock resists tampering with the new carton of milk. John is a man of his word and while Sherlock has a tendency to fight fire with fire, he knows better than to jeopardize John’s tea time.
Sherlock says, “No.”
John waits. And waits. Honestly surprised Mrs. Hudson or Lestrade or Mycroft hasn’t walked in on them yet. “This is awkward.”
Sherlock grunts. Face pressed into the carpet. The bed, frankly, is a mess, and in a moment of sober genius, Sherlock constructed a nest out of couch cushions and spare bedclothes from the linen cupboard. The case in question isn’t exactly time sensitive. It can wait another hour of two or ten. Sherlock is comfortable. His mind buzzing, a dim reminder he’s behaving like a horny teenager. Running away with John. Elopement. It shouldn’t please him as much as it does, but he finds himself seriously enjoying John’s undivided attention. Even if John’s attention is a lot more hands on than usual.
John-last-night-was-a-mistake
“Sherlock,” John says because that’s all that needs to be said.
John’s laughter is like high-velocity blood spatter, Sherlock muses.
“She was friends with…” Sherlock shrugs. “…
because it’s not true. In this moment, though, it feels true.
John has never seen anything more erotic in his entire life.
“You’re laughing at me.”
John thinks he’s alone.
“You’re staring.”
John climbs to his feet. He spits the blood out of his mouth, turns his bike right side up. Sherlock watches and waits, his mercurial eyes sparkling in the wake of John’s theatrical bluster. Lays it on thick, hoping to impress Scapegrace. And maybe, just maybe, Sherlock Holmes will neglect to report John’s trespassing to an authority figure. So he utilizes what his mother refers to as the Watson death-glare. A proverbial cherry on top. Sherlock, however, is as intimidated by John’s posturing as alcohol exclusion laws intimidate Harry. Very little. John is helplessly impressed with Sherlock’s gumption.
“Why are those grown men crying?”
He checks his genuine Patek Philippe, a wistful “Oh.” on point. “I hate to dash, but I have a meeting in twenty.” He hands John his card, winking. Dollars to donuts there’s more than one in their flat. “Nice to meet you, Dr. Watson. Take care’ve ol’ Sherly, here. See to it he doesn’t leap off another building.”
, dammit.”
John squints. “Seriously?” Nudges Sherlock once he realizes Sherlock is having him on. “What do you really see?”
“Good…”
John plucks the splinter free. “One of the greatest minds of the twenty-first century.”
“Roh. Rohypn.
“Excuse me?” Sherlock boggles at John over the morning paper. Well, not boggle. Sherlock hardly boggles. He will admit his eyes widen at John’s proposal. Mouth falls open for the briefest of moments. Not exactly gaping. But close enough.
Sherlock crowds John against the sink, deepens the kiss. His chest hurts. He has to say it. He has to say it or he might die. Bottled up inside him—deep inside him, where it’s dark and dank and loveless—and he had no idea how lethal these feelings would prove to be. Like methane. And his heart is the canary in the coal shaft.
voice.
Sherlock does not consider those three years as
When John said, “I found that I love you.”
“Then lie to me.”
“We don’t have tickets for
“…a frigid bitch?”
The first time John and Sherlock have sex, John pinches Sherlock’s nipples in retaliation.
A frown this time. “No.”
he’s so bored. He resents John’s willingness to lounge at his leisure while Sherlock is cursed to mourn the dwindling creativity of the criminal classes.
John aggressively lathers soap. Aggressively scrubs Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock is forced to brace himself, elbows locking his arms stable, lest John bully him out of his spot. "Easy!" he complains, but tucks his chin against his chest. Widens his stance. Arcs his spine, convex, a cue for John to
For the longest time, John doesn’t perceive the implications. Why would Sherlock resort to filling his head with nonsense like how John’s left ankle makes a grinding noise when he flexes his toes, how John received a pellet gun for his twelfth birthday, how Harry’s pet hamster died and John buried Pete in the backyard with the neighbor’s grilling utensils? Then it hits him like...something hitting something really hard. (John needs to work on his similes.) Sherlock constantly gripes about his hard drive. Finite space for an infinite subject matter. He can’t just
Happy Thanksgiving! For those of you who aren't American: Happy Thursday!
happened upon his heart. Maybe it was when John belted
Something
John chuckles. “Nope.”
Goes willingly. Because he’s curious. Not because heat, salacious and swelling like a balloon in the pit of his stomach. Every breath Sherlock takes inflating and inflating and more and yes. Breathing deeper. Faster. Desire bubbling from within. Like a kettle: Water boils. (John exhales against Sherlock’s cheek.) Steam is created. (Sherlock keens. John kisses his throat. Sweat and spit.) Limited room within the confines of the kettle, pressure begins to build. (Sherlock undulates, arching his spine.) More steam, has nowhere to go. Begins to escape through the spout.
as he is pulling a face that speaks volumes of heroism and Sherlock stamps on his foot when the German reaches for his concealed weapon. (
Sherlock thinks. He watches John log and classify the random data supported by tiny droplets of water and ice crystals. Apophenia, meaningful patterns or connections, pareidolia.
But he wants. His body, his soul aches with the whole of it.
Sherlock prods at John’s lips. He traces his spoken words, “Property of John Watson. ‘Course.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“God, yes.”
’. (Which, in this case, yes. They’re synonymous.) Sherlock Holmes may be asexual, but he is also irrevocably in love. There is no negation in that.
That’s right. They’re trapped. Inside a coffin. Because
John whispers, "Sherlock," with conviction. Like his name is the solution.
“Twenty-two point two carats, sterling.” Repositions himself, tormenting, so he can look John directly in the eye when he bends down. One leg falling off the couch, scuffing the toe of his shoe. (Immaterial.) “Inexpensive, accessible, no markings or engravings with which it may be identified. Ordinary.” Sherlock grins. Slides his hand around John’s back, tracking rib six. Chest to chest. Tasting John’s smile. Nosing his collar. Smelling his armpit. “It reminds me of you.”
“You’ve never danced with a man,” Sherlock observes after a while.
everything. Not enough room. Not enough incentive to remember the Earth goes around the Sun.
in the English language. Sherlock can’t tear his eyes away from the blood dribbling down John’s nose, his neck, staining the collar of his shirt a shade of red all too familiar. Hexadecimal codes, rooms of swatch-wallpaper adorning his Mind Palace. Cut crooked, overlapping, tacked with bits of bone. And he stitched the button hole of his coat himself. Sherlock knows. He knows how much blood is too much. (Doesn’t he? What if he’s wrong? What if John’s bleeding to death? Would John tell him? Would he lie? Sherlock would. He would lie.)
A beat of silence.
“I’m sorry—“
His follicles are probably bleeding from the impact.
“No, I’m…” No point in lying. “Yes. Alright. Yes, I am.”
"A quest."
“I don’t care about my
“Are you okay? Something wrong?”
Catherine’s arse is wearing Sherlock’s pants.
Sherlock opens his eyes. Evaluates John’s cheeky grin, the smudges of blood on his shoulder where he cradled Sherlock’s head while the German’s wife railed him for making a spectacle of her and he kisses him. Because no one surprises Sherlock Holmes like John Watson. Closer, the inside of John’s mouth velvety and warm. Breathe. Slow. Quick, quick. Slow. Like dancing. John’s hands cup Sherlock’s face. Slower. More breathing, less kissing. Just John’s lips on his lips and
John wants to employ his tongue some more. Lick down that path. Pop the button of his trousers with his mouth, too. He clears his throat, gaze darting to Sherlock’s face. “Beautiful.”
John dabs at Sherlock’s eyebrow with a cotton swab. Sherlock flinches at the sting.
Should have known subtlety would get him nowhere.
But nothing is impossible with Sherlock Holmes.
deserves the cliché, but appropriate magnitude of the term fate.
When John falls asleep, Sherlock discards the rag. But he keeps rubbing. Massaging. Kneading the pads of his fingers and thumbs into John’s flesh. Imprints. He would love to leave imprints. But not really. Because Sherlock is woefully imperfect. Doesn't want to leave traces of his imperfect self on an otherwise perfect human being. And yet he means to keep John, despite his best intentions. It’s too late, really. It’s too late not to keep him.
John stiffens, turns. On his guard, sweeping darkened alleyways for signs of—
Sodden jumper sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The sound of water sloshing and cutlery clinking. John is barefoot, posture perfect. Stands at parade rest be it conversing with Mycroft Holmes or scrubbing congealed pasta sauce from Mrs. Hudson’s good spatula.
Sherlock’s eyebrows quiver. A tic as close to an amused expression as John will engender on the estate. “Yes. Do tell me about the time your mother blackmailed you into attending a birthday party you have no interest in celebrating. During which, the landed gentry not only ogle the proverbial black sheep of the Holmes family, but take it upon themselves to harass your flatmate?”
“It’s in my!” Sherlock squeaks.
). His munificent partner in crime receives the notification wherein Sherlock employs XI for the win. And this, John thinks, is their life in a nutshell.
John cants his hips, kissing every inch of Sherlock’s face. Sighs, “Sherlock” and “oh, Sherlock” and “Don’t go where I can’t find you.”
Sherlock states he’s dying of boredom twice before the previews roll.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock says, “Marry me,” like he would say
Sherlock rolls his eyes. He peels John’s reminder off the jar of testicles. Crumples the sticky in his fist. But he doesn’t throw it away.
Sherlock scoffs. Has he considered the repercussions? Ha! He’s considered and reconsidered to the point of razing his mind palace to the ground, insecurity imbued with hesitation and inexperience.
Levers Sherlock down and down.
Words are powerful. Inflection can make or break a case. Timing, cadence, body language, micro expressions, accents belie more than people realize. Words like a vapor tumbling from their mouths, visible if only to Sherlock. A map he can follow to determine where they live, how they live, and whom they live with. Typically. It’s not a perfect science, but a useful one.
--John's hands on his waist. Rolling his hips. Frisson. Sherlock throws his head back against the mattress. Rising, soaring through his stomach, his lungs, his throat. Gasping for breath. "John." Sink, fall, float, resurface. (
Curiosity killed the cat. Thank God cats have nine lives. “Sherlock?”
“Why?”
Chapters to follow: Trifling, Soliloquy, Sartorial, Quotidian, Interlude, Hyoid, Splinter, Cashmere, and Stocking (on Christmas Eve!). Submit as many words as you like. I have 183 chapters to go.
,” John punctuates the word of the day with a heaping helping of soldiery bite, “isn’t necessary. If this is some kind of, of
“Ssso I’m not as skinny as you. So what?”
It’s said for the sake of argument, but it’s said all the same. John smiles into his teacup.
To say John is surprised to find Sherlock deep in conversation with a strange man is an understatement. He stares at the two of them standing around the fireplace, Sherlock smiling openly and honestly and when did he step through the Looking Glass?
, waiving John’s misplaced feelings because John was (and is) John and Sherlock was (and is) hopelessly fascinated by him. Didn’t want John to get the wrong idea. Didn’t want to jeopardize what he knew would bloom into something…dare he think
, John thinks.) Strikes out for the sofa, his
Sherlock touches John’s lips. Fingertips once calloused from abusing his violin grown soft from neglect.
Another thrust. And another, with purpose. Sherlock’s head thuds against the wall, allowing his body to chase his desire in time with John’s ministrations, in sync with John’s hips, sinking lower and lower still. His center of gravity in John’s perfectly imperfect grip. His heels digging into the floor and sliding further and further apart with their momentum. The only thing keeping Sherlock from crashing to his knees is John’s hold on his wrists. His hold on his cock.
Nothing, as of yet, has given him a reason to put faith in an ill-defined emotion. Love is patient, love is kind. Love is privy to murder. Love is the soft, white underbelly of altruism. Jealousy and illusions of control. Love is more than vicious, it’s an excuse. An excuse to screen calls, dictate wardrobes. Batter and bruise. An excuse not to be alone.
“You okay? Something wrong?”
"Sherlock," John huffs. Annoyed. Helpless affection in his voice when he says, "I'm at the Yard."
John retrieves his coat. Leaves Sherlock alone in the flat.
(See the end of the chapter for
His stores of information give way like the Red Sea before…before whoever it was. Gandhi? Sherlock doesn’t know. Doesn’t care to know. But he’s inside his own head, statistics, encyclopedic configurations, bone and debris and mud and fingernails. Granules of sand prickle the balls of his bare feet. The swish of his robe as he weaves down the hallway to his illusory bedroom.
This leads to a full-scale war of artistic vision. In a matter of weeks, added to the flat are as follows: A plasticized, human cadaver. A stuffed owl missing its left eye. Russian nesting dolls, which secretly unsettle Sherlock. And a prop engine.
“It would be remiss of me not to mention that the ceremony is due to begin within the hour.”
It’s not, nor ever will be, considered
“Mycroft says I need to make a good impression.”
Wants to claw at his flesh, break open his body, relieve the pressure and the pain and the pleasure. But he can’t. He won’t. Because it’s John and he would suffer many deaths and resurrections if John just…
“You’re making it worse.” Sherlock gazes unseeingly at the ceiling, John’s movements in the kitchen tweaking and
John looks.
“Why?”
Penumbra? Antumbra?
way. “I think I’m getting hives,” Sherlock says.
And she—nails meticulously polished, time and money and more money and more time—accepts his offer to dance.
“Did it bite you?” John asks.
“Is it?” Sherlock is distracted by the PA system again, unconcerned with the flustered employees eavesdropping on their conversation. His trigger finger twitches. “You never let me observe you as long as I want. I want to observe you as long as I want.”
It’s decimating. How John envisions him so clearly. A merger of yesterdays, resonating eternal between his ears. Penetrating his frontal lobe in synch with the beating on his heart. The past colligates with the present and he knows he’s off the deep end. But he can’t. There are no words. No real words.
John looks behind him at the projector. “These previews are kind of weird for
“I’m okay, I’m okay.”
leaves Sherlock in a state of nerves John can’t even begin to imagine.
he berates himself.
“Sherlock?”
“Piss off.”
Sherlock can practically hear the cogs turning in John’s head. Archaic and rusty and
“Stay.” It’s almost a question.
“Don’t get me wrong. You’re very…thorough. Not exactly romantic, I’m afraid. And your boys are on the line, remember.”
John Watson is angry. Not angry-angry. Mt. Vesuvius, AD 79, the destruction of the Roman cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum angry. Sherlock ditched him. Again. Hared off at a moment’s notice without so much as an explanation for his “Oh!”. Hailed a cab, leaving John stranded at the scene of the crime. So what else is new?
incident. Plus, the scorch marks on the armrest of John’s chair.
Sherlock surges beneath him. Long legs stretching, toes catching the sheet and the covers slide off of John’s shoulders. Sherlock basks in the praise like a cat basks in the sun. “Yes,” he sighs. Acknowledging his own genius as well as inviting John to
Sherlock grunts. Braces himself against the wall of the shower. Inhales the scent of his shampoo. He’s overreacting. Stop. Listen. Breathe. He can hear John in the kitchen. Cooking dinner? Or demolishing his chemistry set, one. But John wouldn’t do that. No, John is the oil to the brine of opinions of people who don’t matter. And John’s words…
arse. To inadvertently embarrass Sherlock by way of Lestrade or Molly or Mycroft (Not that Sherlock would text Mycroft.) is the last thing John wants.
“The anniversary of our first case,
John’s first thought is:
“All the joys of parenthood, but none of the responsibility.”
“Not your birthday,” Sherlock reminds him, open-mouthed kisses on John’s shoulder.
Sherlock grabs and holds the hem of John’s jumper. The weight of his hand tugging at John’s collar. It’s such a tiny gesture. A little apology, mollifying in its simplicity. John allows Sherlock to kiss the tension out of his mouth and Sherlock allows John to lead him to bed.
Sherlock fixes the cuff of his shirt. He will admit. Stumbling upon John’s unusually ticklish ears while hiding in the closet of an assassin returning home sooner than anticipated was unsavory at the time. But now Sherlock finds the revelation—he decides on the word
“Basal ganglia,” Sherlock tries to explain, but John makes it difficult for him. Licking the ‘occupied with a routine task’ out of the roof of his mouth. “
Sherlock narrows his eyes at a party of clowns. They tempt passerby with overpriced balloon animals he would sooner pop than accept graciously. If they touch him, he will retaliate in one of fifty-seven ways. Fifteen of which are lethal.
, which is saying something.
John can’t help it. “
He hates not knowing why. Realizes John is aware he hates not knowing anything so John relieving Sherlock of his half-eaten plate of risotto, safely depositing their supper on the coffee table, and capturing Sherlock’s mouth may very well be strategic on John’s part. But to what end? That’s the question.
John doesn’t stiffen. Doesn’t gasp. Waits for Sherlock to finish outlining the band with the pad of his thumb, but Sherlock shows no sign of stopping. Keeps circling and circling, adding pressure. More pressure and John bets there will be an evident bruise come morning.
Ohhh, the game is on.
Doesn’t intend to propose. Doesn’t intend for Sherlock to find out.
Sherlock does not believe in love.
Now he understands. John scratches his head. Hides a smile behind his hand. Looks up at Sherlock bemusedly. “Alright, yes. The floor can be cashmere,” John says into his palm. The fondness Sherlock elicits is unmatched and John wonders, not for the first time, if Sherlock knows how charming he is when he’s not trying to gain someone’s confidence or favor. When it’s just the two of them. “Cashmere works.”
. John respires this love, this man, this moment.
“Why is everyone bowing to children?”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.
“You’re beautiful,” John says.
again.)
“Yes, thank you.” John’s eyes are fixed on Sherlock. “Give us a moment. Alone.”
Ed Banifacious. A mediocre pickpocket. Deductions regarding a string of clientele and a recent bout of petty thefts. Serial killers aren’t as thick in London as they once were—Sherlock hates himself as the bane of his existence—and
“It’s not safe to wander alone,” the young man tells Sherlock, but his eyes are trained on John. “Mummy will be concerned if she finds you missing.”
Sherlock is livid. “Out,” he says. To his credit, he addresses Mrs. Hudson calmly and with deference. “Please.”
John is sitting in his chair. Asleep.
. (On the promise of present day.) Sherlock cannot begin to fathom his good fortune lest the figures rankle him to the bare bone. Reflection, no thanks. Like a thorn in his side. A splinter in his finger.
Sherlock hates the word cute. A bit twee and la, but the fact stands. So he doesn’t understand why John is fascinated with kittens tumbling off of shelves, so what? Like many things in the world, endearing behavior is subjective.
,” he breathes. “
—John jumps at the opportunity to play a prank on him. Technology and John don’t always jive, but he’s been sitting on this gag for well over two months now. He’s practiced on his own mobile enough to nail the mechanics within a matter of seconds.
“John,” he wheezes. “Thank God. I’ve pulled something.” Sherlock turns his face against the carpet, flattening his nostrils against his philtrum. Whatever he pulled must not be incommoding him too terribly, as he contorts his right arm in order to point somewhere between his shoulder blades.
Greg’s voice barely registers. Nothing of consequence. Something about statements.
“You’re an arsehole. That was years ago.”
Sherlock adjusts his grip. Additional pressure and kneading, kneading until John groans aloud. John isn’t a particularly vociferous lover so Sherlock believes he’s entitled to a smug chuckle, a deep rumble in his chest. John, adversely, does not. Glares at Sherlock down the expanse of his bare chest. Sherlock digs the pad of his thumb against the arch of John’s foot in retaliation.
all the bloody time. I let him hit me because I thought it would inspire a rebound. I was mistaken.” Leans forward. Breathes heavily into John’s shoulder. Like the world at large is unbearable and obvious and can’t John please make it better?
Sherlock pokes his head in the kitchen long enough to beckon John with an impatient, but elegant, wave of his hand. “Stop diagnosing inanimate objects. I need you.”
John’s lips linger upon Sherlock’s brow. “Oh my God.” John’s voice cracks. “Sher—“ Swallows. Holds it in. Grunts with the effort. Forehead to forehead when he’s finally able to ask, “Sherlock, how?”
“Shall I?”
“That’s not fair.”
“Science is a systematic enterprise. Not some tawdry, pin-up girl.”
Sherlock wants him to. Oh, does he want him to. “Please,” he begs and even though he doesn’t explain, he’s sure John knows what he means because John’s teeth worry and nip, sharp and deliberate. “Yes…”
But no. He still marvels at John. Still loves himself.
“I’ll run it by John,” Sherlock obviously lies, but Victor doesn’t seem to notice.
And beautiful.
Invaded. How appropriate.
John laughs.
“I had a puppy, once. Named Gladstone.”
. “Yes,” is all he manages to speak. But that’s all right. He has time. He has all the time in the world to say everything one hundred times over if he wishes. Sherlock smiles. He doesn’t remember the last time he smiled. Not like this. Chuckles faintly, trusting John with the weight of his head. He’s so tired. He’s quaking with exhaustion and relief like cocaine. Fuzzy wool threading through his veins.
They shouldn’t be having a row in the middle of a crowded store, but they never seem to get everything off their chests in the confines of 221B. There’s always residual angst or schmoopy feelings that rear their ugly heads at the most inopportune moments. And there’s usually an accompanying photograph highlighting their ‘domestic bickering’ the following morning. “Corresponding with me as Sigerson does not qualify as a bit.”
Sherlock closes his eyes.
“Yes, well. Come here.” Reaches for Sherlock. A hand on the back of his neck. The crinkle of receipts under their knees.
Sherlock is a graceful man.
, you must be joking.”
John looks behind him at the projector. Gets an eye full of a teenage couple full-throttle snogging. “These previews are…” He’s just not sure. “…kind of weird for
Sherlock tears the gaudy paper from a small box containing military grade ear plugs. Soft, transparent, almost invisible. Not just noise canceling, but noise isolating. Sherlock expected, well. Something, but not this level of something. Perfunctory gifts usually books or that damned hat. Equipment or maybe a body part. Associated with his whims and interests. No one he’s known personally has ever thought to give him a something so...mitigating. Protecting him from the abyss and the gargantuan effort to claw himself back out.
Sherlock grinds the heels of his palms against his eyes. He bows his head, allowing the torrent of water to beat against the back of his skull. He’s spent an inordinate amount of time trying to delete certain words he heard that afternoon. Words, lies, same difference. Lies like candy stuck in Mycroft’s teeth.
John noses down his neck. Kisses his clavicle.
John unfolds the directions “so simple a child could do it”, according to Sherlock. He turns them upside-down. Right-side up. Garners full use of his
Ah. Well. It appears someone has beaten John to the punch. Literally.
John stands. Sets his laptop safely in the seat of his chair. “Mrs. Hudson? What’s—“
A figure stumbles onto the pavement. Hair singed, face smudged with soot.
Exhales quickly. A delicious, high-pitched whine between his teeth. “Not sure.” Pause. “Why?”
Immaterial.
“Why? What do you see?”
still clings to the unopened cans of beer.
“What a punch.”
All of his plans. All of his carefully laid plans scattered to the four winds the moment he was shot. He hasn’t planned for the future since. Hard to, really, living with Sherlock Holmes. Working with Sherlock Holmes. Mourning Sherlock Holmes. Loving Sherlock Holmes. Dodging traffic, dashing over rooftops, confronting serial murderers with nothing but a smart mouth and dumb luck. Taking risks.
“I would have you be the death of me,” Sherlock admits. He’s said this before. John doesn’t doubt he’ll say it again.
“Good.”
John stretches. He’s been typing on his laptop for the better part of an hour. Three paragraphs completed. Sherlock’s stomach twists in helpless adoration and amusement. John flexes his fingers. Pops his knuckles one at a time. Sherlock doesn’t know why. He only uses two.
He knows why.
“I was so alone and I owe you so much,” he says.
John untangles him none too gently. Not that it makes a difference. Sherlock sleeps like the dead when he deigns it necessary to sleep at all. But he unconsciously paws at the bedclothes, seeking his ill-gotten heat source with sleep-clumsy hands and incomprehensible murmurs. Long arms wrapping around John's torso. Throwing his leg over John's waist. Head resting on John's chest.
John shudders. “Use the back of your hand. We’ll take this step by—
“Can’t solve crimes if you’re locked up, you know.”
“I can see why he wanted to kill her,” Sherlock mutters. “She has a mean right hook. Best. Date. Ever.”
John finds his hand under the sheets. Laces their fingers together. Their rings touch. They touch. And they don't stop touching.
“She looks like a sexy rabbit.”
Of course he can.
. Significant, a cerebral space-vampire on his hard drive, but
“Thinking.”
John opens and closes his mouth a few times. "Oh...obviously." But he's smiling. Fingers trailing up and down the length of Sherlock's neck.  Their lips meet. And Sherlock starts to sink.
. Rolls Sherlock on his back, apologizing while Sherlock tries and fails to look cantankerous.
Impatient git.
. A branding on the backs of their shoulders and thighs.
“Do you?”
An embrace, a whispered word of thanks. John releases Molly and slides into the passenger seat.
Back on schedule!
John-last-night-was-a-mistake
Mycroft is an arsehole.
“I said would, not will.” Sherlock closes his eyes. “I would if you asked.” He doesn’t say,
He will never wax poetic on the fine and/or coarse texture of John’s hair or wage war on his brain in order to define John Watson’s eye color. No. Why would he?
Sherlock thumbs through his stack of receipts. He systematizes May through July while John assembles the whole of August. They work swiftly and silently. The whisper of Sherlock’s robe and the rustle of paper. Their fingers touch.
Mycroft stands. Sputters, “Sherlock, this is entirely inappropriate!” He looks to John for assistance. John merely raises his cup, the universal counsel
John counters with,
His hand isn’t shaking now.
Sherlock closes the laptop with a snap. And off they go.
John is nothing if not subservient.
Sherlock is undoing his tie. “Strip.”
Now that my computer is working properly, expect updates daily. =)
Because. Reasons. They exist. Inconsequential reasons like:
Raining down and filling his head, his heart with repugnant doubt. Heavy. Heavier than the guilt he carried with him for three years. Maybe because keeping John Watson isn’t as altruistic as saving John Watson.
Sherlock isn’t going to answer.
He keeps them to remind himself that love—or what workaday people call love—is, at its core, deception. Flattery, sweet nothings.
“The Law of Diminishing Returns.” Sherlock hates repeating himself. As he deigns it necessary to add, “Doesn’t apply to you,” he minds his tone.
John cups his face in his hands. Watery laughter. “You look like shit.”
, we have tickets for
And “You…” is almost an answer. The way he kisses Sherlock most certainly is. John is soaking wet, but Sherlock doesn’t care. John’s hands are slippery and warm against his belly, prune-y fingers sliding across his skin, skating under his ribs. Water trickling down his torso and John says, “Yes.” Feeds on Sherlock’s sigh of relief. “Yes. Anything. Yes.” Their lips slide together aimlessly. Tongues graze, eliciting delightful moans from the both of them.
But the point. And it is sex. Sherlock doesn’t care, to put it mildly. John does. Sherlock cares about John. So he will care about their sex life. If there is one.
“Oi! We were here first!”
John lowers his voice, too, conspiratorially. “Which caught on fire.”
The room is neat. Orderly. Boring. Mistaken for Sherlock’s proclivity for sleepless nights. But then John realizes that there is nothing about Sherlock’s old bedroom that signifies he spent any amount of time experimenting on the neighbor’s cat—a tale with which Mummy regaled John over the course of the evening. The room is wanting, for lack of a better word. Baker Street has Sherlock’s fingerprints all over it. From the bullet holes in the wall to the creepy, blood-spatter shower curtains.
“Cooking dinner.”
,” Sherlock corrects him. “Sssingular. Give me a pen.”
Sherlock catches John’s ‘ain’ on the tip of his tongue, stepping up and into John’s mouth. Curls his lips around what would have been an exclamation point. Sips on the dregs of John’s tirade. The nigh imperceptible ‘mmpt’ of their kiss seems to echo throughout the flat.
. Something that should have been hot and fiery and maybe a little hungry. Clumsy hands, shaky breaths, and trembling bodies. But Sherlock is petulant, foiled in a strange turn of events. He accepts John’s kiss, but declines to accommodate him by tilting his head to one side or opening his mouth when John licks his lips. He can’t
John’s expression is a marvel. So soft, so in awe.
. Sherlock squirms. The tipping point. He braces himself, teetering on the brink of feelings and emotions he never let himself succumb to before John.
“We don’t have tickets for
Sherlock doesn’t move.
is autocorrected to
John and Sherlock lay out to dry.
For the first time, it’s John that’s blushing under Sherlock’s praise.
"Yeah. Dunno why he was at the Yard to begin with, but we shared the lift. He told me he had a headache. I told him it was a tumor."
Then it clicks.
The feelings Sherlock has for John are unquantifiable. Like the universe. Larger than life, the consummation of light and thought and breath and panting. In and out and in again, noxious fumes burning inside Sherlock’s chest. Combustible, fissile isotopes uranium-235 and plutonium-239. He can’t—he can’t breathe. Oxygen is not enough anymore. Who in the hell wishes this upon themselves? This overbearing,
The front door opens. Closes, the sound of Sherlock’s familiar tread stoking John’s ire. He’s half mad with worry. Red in the face, fists clenched. He swears to God he will flay the man within an inch of his life.
EDIT: But of course I won't skip days on purpose!!!
“Give me a pen,” Sherlock commands the cab driver.
John’s finds himself leaning forward in his seat. Breathes heavily through his nose when Sherlock punctuates every
Lestrade saves choking to death for another day. He briefs them in fifty words or less (still wheezing) and puts his knees to the breeze. Making excuses, leaves them alone in his office. Exactly as Sherlock planned. He pops up from his seat like a macabre jack-in-the-box and commences picking the lock on Lestrade’s filing cabinet.
“You don’t have to wear it.”
Sherlock thinks. “John.” Less a question, but the query remains. Sweet. Alluring. And John pursues it with a single-mindedness Sherlock loves. He loves. He—
“You’ve used all the hot water and you’re pruning.”
But John is smiling. And there’s honey in the kitchen. So it could be worse.
Sherlock pages John on the answer phone. He sounds prissy and pretentious in lieu of his “Help.” and the urge to strangle him is immense. John shuffles down the hall, his blanket trailing behind him on the floor at a snail’s pace. Lifts the receiver from its cradle. “Sh’lock?” he croaks. “Are you okay?”
John chokes on a, “Why?” An odd noise in the pit of his throat. Derelict vowel on the tip of his tongue, on the pad of Sherlock’s index.
Sherlock tucks John in, wedging his comforter securely around John’s arms and legs. Safe now. Sherlock dips his head. Noses slotting side-by-side, aligning their torsos. Deep breaths, his heart warm and fluttering like a bird.
Sherlock shifts. Turns his head. Left first, then right. Eyes closed against the flat, open to his mind palace. Where did he burry that—ah! He opens the bread box. Bats fifteen species of moths to disperse as he leans closer. A stack of envelopes, secured with the spinal chord of a Malaysian pygmy.
“Here. You’re obviously more interested what’s going on between your ears than what I have to say about--”
Sherlock wobbles to the window. Peers outside. Squinting, wide-eyed, and squinting again. “I don’t see ‘em.
“But I didn’t.”
John understands the heart cannot feel pain. Not technically. Angina pectoris, a lack of blood, a lack of oxygen. Generally due to obstruction or spasms of the coronary arteries.
until he finds the ad he’s looking for.
Sherlock slumps to the floor and John follows, cushioning his fall.
John blinks. He blinks again. Assumes Sherlock is referring to a lie in. How he’s forcing himself—literally forcing himself, if the tremors in his arms and legs are any indication—to stay in bed, doing something he would otherwise abhor. Like laundry, or the dishes, or the shopping. Sherlock frowns, recalcitrant.
Sherlock honestly wouldn’t have it any other way.
John is different. The pleasures he inspires are different. No longer meaningless.
s. Sherlock doesn’t need John’s edification to withstand a blitz of slurs. He survived on his own, mending his self-esteem long before John Watson invaded his life.
One hour later, Sherlock nearly breaks down the door in his haste to shout, “Potatoes!”
, I imagine.” Sherlock gets his feet under him, counts to three (Repeatedly.), and propels himself at the couch. Not quite as graceful as usual. Faceplants, legs sprawled inelegantly. He turns over on his back with some difficulty, coat twisting around his arms. Sherlock studies his fingers, spreading them wide and pressing them together, the kitchen light a most efficient…what’s the word?
“You know why I’m here.”
Fine. Go. They all abandon him in the end.
“Mm?”
Given the chance, Sherlock would pry off John’s assailant’s fingernails with nothing but a bamboo chute and a will that would not be denied.
Not like Sherlock to indulge what-ifs that won’t happen because they can’t or didn’t.
He snorts loudly. John looses his shit.
“Fine, then. You’re my new cover. I’m actually here to catch a murderer. Just sit there and look happy, for God’s sake.”
John blinks. “We’re in the wrong theatre.” He stands up.
“Your point being?”
“Look at these.” John rifles around inside the box for more hats. He tosses a deerstalker at Sherlock who sidesteps the flap-eared projectile with a scowl. John fixes his fedora at a jaunty angle and says, “His mudder was a mudder.”
“For science,” they say at the same time. They’re both taking the piss, but they smile in tandem.
“I love your attention.”
Sherlock grabs John’s hand.
Words are powerful. Inflection can make or break a case. Timing, cadence, body language, micro expressions, accents belie more than people realize. Words like a vapor tumbling from their mouths, visible if only to Sherlock. A map he can follow to determine where they live, how they live, and whom they live with. Typically. It’s not a perfect science, but a useful one.
John vows. He will not allow Sherlock to fall victim to unnecessary cruelty. Not as long as he’s around to soften the blow.
“Big baby,” John says fondly. Readies his weapon of choice.
Sherlock has been lost inside his head for several hours.
John Watson is there. Rather, everything he knows about John Watson is there. Missing pieces. Frayed threads. He’s not wearing shoes, either. Sherlock rakes his knuckles against his philtrum. Rests his elbow on the back of his wrist. Fingers drumming against his hipbone. Tchaikovsky. He’s having trouble visualizing a combination of John and love. Somehow, he thought the beatific chaos binding his lungs would change his opinion of John. Or of himself.
John is a shit actor, but he’s succeeding in making Sherlock smile John’s favorite kind of smile. The one where ‘your face goes all squishy and your eyes all squinty’, which sounds terribly unattractive to Sherlock, but John seems to enjoy inspiring Sherlock’s more squishy, squinty facial expressions lately.
“No.” Pause. “Happy Anniversary.”
it’s-me
“Moronic?” John’s smiles warmly.
The grinding of his hips. There, there,
Sherlock has been lost inside his head since dinner.
John is eating a basket of fish and chips. Licks his fingers, wiggling on the bench. A happy-dance of sorts. Kin to Sherlock’s
John avoids opening the refrigerator after Sherlock’s suicide.
John is worth more than…
in front of a room full of strangers.” His fingers fumble against the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock bats his hands away. Deftly confiscates one layer after another. He untucks the tee from John’s trousers and John shoves him off because that’s a little familiar, isn’t it? “Thank you, I’m fine.”
“You’re disturbing the other customers. We’re evicting you from the theatre. Please leave.”
He’s out the door before John has it in him to reply.
), music, conversation, touch. Nothing John said or did could draw Sherlock from the depths of his radiant intellect, a slave to the workings of that great brain of his.
"'Course."
If I keep skipping days, Season 3 will air just as I finish. ^^
Sherlock isn’t sure how to handle John’s compliment. It’s awkward, riveting, warm. As if he’s holding a beating heart in his hands, and maybe it’s his own. He doesn’t like it. “One of?” he huffs, turning over. Traps his arms between the couch and his torso because, this way, it doesn’t hurt so good so badly. Draws his knees to his chest. Struggles to breathe evenly.
John thinks, sneaking into Sherlock’s bedroom while Sherlock harangues Lestrade for cold case files at the Yard.
wouldn’t stop cycling in his head. His mother thought he was plagued with panic attacks, but Sherlock is quite certain he’s never been beleaguered by anything so boring.
“Mm.” John takes a sip of his draft. “Not yet. Not that easy.”
good.
John boggles. “Why?”
John opens his eyes unto the face of a boy he doesn’t recognize. A backdrop of stars twinkle betwixt rampant curls and John, momentarily, is under the impression he’s died and a cherubic Angel of Death is bent upon the reaping of his soul. The handlebars of John’s bike are lodged in mud. Spokes tick-ticking, the front wheel spinning crookedly on its axle. John gasps. Belated shock. Feels his heart kick-start into overdrive.
“Hush.” Sherlock settles in his lap. Swats at John’s elbows so he’ll lift his arms over his head. “Let me,” is all he says. The full width of his hand pressing against John’s ribcage. Incremental movements. Mapping, feeling the heat of his skin, the rise and fall of his chest while he breathes. Sighs. Laughs.
“Exercising precautions.” John uncaps a pen. “Just in case.”
“You’re being irritatingly literal right now. Let’s revisit the practice makes perfect bit, yeah? What about one of your homeless network?”
Perceptive bastard.
John blushes.
“Oh, of course.” He pries a candy from Billy’s temporal bone. “Delusional infestations count, do they?”
John has spent days nursing Sherlock back to health and the offense amassing between them will not be gainsaid. Not if John can help it.
He squeezes Catherine’s voluptuous rear end. A sort of farewell to his youth.
kiss him back, though, as much as John irritates him. (
Sherlock has an iPod.
, John thinks—Sherlock’s boundless poise and grace casting a spell on the variability of his musings—
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorts. Good humor. Not insulted. “You’re terrible at this.” Sherlock is affronted before John concludes with, “I’m worse.” Licks his lips. “I’m not—I don’t know what I’m doing,” he admits, exhaling his admission in confidence. “I’ve never done this before. With a man. And I feel stupid, but I want to pursue you. Not like this,” he flounders. “But. Um. Obviously. With murder. But not murder, of course. What I’m saying is, I…” John sighs. “…I like you. I fucking like you and I honestly can’t think straight, Sherlock, Jesus Christ.”
Eyes wild and feral. The streetlights outside illuminate the fray of his hair.
It ends now.
Sherlock opens his eyes. Transfixed by John’s crumbling restraint, his failure to rein in his happiness, his anguish, his fear, his fury. But, predominately, happiness. His mouth, while marred by his efforts to stem a tide of tears, resembles a smile Sherlock memorized and cited on more than one occasion over the past three years.
Stupid. Of course Sherlock isn’t okay. Sherlock isn’t okay because John isn’t okay. Sherlock isn’t sure when or how or
anything. His gaze is concerted. Intense. Almost as if he’s attempting to see into John’s brain by sheer force of will. John rubs at his forehead absently. Smacks the taste of sleep out of his mouth, the taste of Sherlock out of his mouth.
“C-Come here,” John orders him. He’s surprised at the tremor in his voice. Teeth chattering. “W-We’ll last longer if. If. If we ssshare body heat.”
He’s focused on a tissue sample, peering through the lens of his microscope.
Sherlock wraps his legs around John’s waist. Squeezes. And squeezes until he’s stolen John’s air, too. Swift retribution. Moist lips against his cheek. Unspoken words of endearment.
“Is this the part where you tell me if I break his heart, you’ll break me?”
, pfft. He doesn’t. Not remotely. Because Sherlock is still recovering from a broken rib, courtesy Aldelbert Gruner.
Sherlock is confused. Which doesn’t happen very often.
The fact that this is true genuinely surprises Sherlock; Vivaldi’s
Sherlock thinks, but doesn’t say.
he laments.
Sherlock clings with both hands. John can feel the apprehension in his gaze from somewhere in the vicinity of his elbow. He does not belong to a child. Not remotely. The conviction with which Sherlock lobbied for John’s ownership is…touching…all things considered. John is flattered in spite of himself. He evaluates his response before he verifies, “I’m Sherlock’s friend.” The crux of his argument is debatable; Sherlock antagonized him conscious not five minutes ago. But the fact remains that Sherlock’s possessiveness pleases John to no end.
“Does he approve?”
“Oh.”
For the longest time, John doesn’t perceive the implications. Why would Sherlock resort to filling his head with nonsense like how John’s left ankle makes a grinding noise when he flexes his toes, how John received a pellet gun for his twelfth birthday, how Harry’s pet hamster died and John buried Pete in the backyard with the neighbor’s grilling utensils? Then it hits him like...something hitting something really hard. (John has
“Excuse me?” Sherlock boggles at John over the morning paper. Well, not boggle. Sherlock hardly boggles. He will admit his eyes widen at John’s proposal. Mouth falling open for the briefest of moments. Not exactly gaping. But close enough.
. It’s
“That’s bull in a china cabinet, I think.” Bottles of pills cascade from the kitchen counter to the kitchen floor, clattering like bloody maracas or rattlesnakes or—Sherlock trips. Catches himself on the arm of his chair. He needs to sit down. “Th’ hell they slip in our drinks?” John wonders aloud. Too loudly. Fumbles with two glasses of water he drops in the sink because he can’t see straight.
Sherlock balls his hands into fists. He looks around the room at nothing in particular. “Your legs burned off,” he mutters.
“It is morning.”
In all likelihood, it won’t.
Coffee stains. Smudges of ink. Water damaged pages inside. Signed
(See the end of the chapter for
“I can do this all day.”
“Wait. No, no, it isn’t working.” Sherlock’s arms bent awkwardly from the pull of his coat, and he looks like a fat scarecrow. Sherlock hisses. Unbuttons his coat, pulls his arms out of its sleeves, rebuttons, and pulls the Belstaff over their heads, which looks even sillier. Like a posh burrito wearing sensible shoes, but their heads are trapped inside and their breath is warming their faces so it could be worse.
“You’re bisexual,” Sherlock says, unperturbed.
She throws her arms around him. Hugs him tightly.
Sherlock can’t reach anyone on his mobile. John’s phone fell out of his pocket in the processing plant. Sherlock tells John that Mycroft is way too nosey and his daily regimen of undercover work will yield their imminent rescue, not to worry, they’re in comparatively good hands. After two hours of jogging in place, and after Sherlock has grown tired of sending failed ‘Fuck you. SH’ texts to his brother, the energy it takes to resent Mycroft is just too taxing.
No. Ugh. Plebian.
John’s head is warm from the shower. Sherlock nibbles on his hair. John closes his eyes while Sherlock licks under his fringe.
John groans.
“No reason.”
Sherlock will destroy him.
Must be written all over Sherlock’s face because Mycroft grins wryly. “He’s the best thing that’s ever happened to you. I’m afraid,” he says, picking lint from the arm of John’s chair, “that if he were to sever ties during this particular juncture of your…”
Sighing, trading each other’s names like a cipher.
Sherlock sees his mother kiss his father on the cheek. He gauges his father’s reaction. The corners of his mouth tightening, his father does not divert his attention from the medical journal he’s reading.
“His sperm is probably sparkly.”
Sherlock opens his eyes. Transfixed by John’s crumbling restraint, his failure to rein in his happiness, his anguish, his fear, his fury. A familiar moue Sherlock cited on more than one occasion over the past three years.
John takes the picture anyway.
practice, was irked Sherlock imposed on him during the main course. But the twinkle in his eye was unmistakable. Sherlock reveled in it.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Ever try to rouse the woman after she takes her soothers, John? Impossible.”
After Sebastian Moran, after his sick and twisted spin on
Mrs. Hudson dabs her watery eyes on the insides of her wrists. Withdraws an envelope from her dress pocket.
“The children will be so disappointed.”
John laughs.
“Oh, Sherlock,” she sniffles. “I’m so proud!”
“Yes, I—“ John smiles. Leans forward on his toes to kiss Sherlock on the mouth. “Yes.”
John chuckles. “Pretty sure that’s not until the third date.”
John struggles not to buck him on his arse when he starts scratching.
Buttons his shirt, heaving a sigh. He doesn’t want to talk to people. Doesn’t want to have to listen to their voices, watch them mingle. It’s horrendous bearing witness to the mating rituals of the human race. John, especially. He’s always so chipper. So stomach-clenchingly charming. Trying too hard. Way too hard. Sherlock grimaces. Straightens his lapel in the mirror before he slinks back into the living room, the picture of suavity.
John sighs. Straights the lapel of his tuxedo. “Well, I mean, look at you.” Gestures to Sherlock’s mirror image. “With your hair and your face and—you’re like a bloody elf or something. You’re making me look bad.”
“Sorry,” John apologizes before he chases after Sherlock. He wonders if one hundred years of Sherlock Holmes would become boring. Decides it’s not important. Not when Sherlock is informing the theatre manager that the soles of his shoes are ruined and he’s threatening to sue for damages in what appears to be a serious tone of voice, but not really.
“Okay. What was that?”
Sherlock swallows whatever knee-jerk response is poised to spring from his mouth. Says instead, “What moron told you that?” His grin morphs into a wince when John plucks the splinter free.
John unfolds the instructions “so simple a child could do it”, according to Sherlock. He turns them upside-down. Right-side up. Garners full use of his
That or Patience Moran’s untimely death has led to a number of unsolved crimes all for Sherlock’s taking. “She wasn’t murdered, John. She was on a detrimental diet.”
Sherlock feels, and he’s pretty sure he’s feeling the hell out of it.
Plus, John is a heavy man. Not too heavy, but heavy enough to bully the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. Increasing the pressure and the oh. Oh.
Chapters to follow: Ornamental, Trifling, Soliloquy, Sartorial, and Quotidian. Submit a word if you like. I'm not picky!
“You have me,” John assures him.
“Never,” John whispers. His breath is warm, but Sherlock has goosebumps. “Never.” Kiss. “Never.”
John snickers into the remainder of his boeuf bourguignon.
Sherlock tugs on John’s trousers before he can gather the momentum to leave. (Sherlock has a way of sapping his momentum to the bare bone, damn him.) He steels himself to speak. Like it’s a gargantuan effort to appeal to John with the dreaded P word. “Please.”
“I may be wrong, but I think we’re moving rhythmically to Bach.”
“Shower,” John whispers in his ear.
John makes a flimsy excuse that he needs to sit just so he can reorient himself. It’s suffocating, not being at war. At least, not being at war overseas as opposed to at war with himself.
related. He doesn’t even identify as asexual. He identifies with no one. Labels make him itchy. Especially
Sherlock kisses him when he least expects it. John has yet to determine if Sherlock is experimenting on him or not. Hardly matters. Misses the hook on the back of the door and his coat falls to the floor with a
“Three of which you spent traveling the world so you could
Lestrade is hacking up a lung. “Safe…safe…” he’s wheezing. Sputters coffee across his desk, on the photographic evidence.
Stops John with a hand on his elbow. Tries to speak. At a loss for words. Feelings intransmutable, the English language ill equipped. Chews on his bottom lip. Unlocks his mobile and offers it to John with a (surprisingly) steady hand.
Once the staff have scattered to the four winds, they erupt into a fit of giggles.
John rolls his eyes. “Just open it, you berk.”
Sherlock belts his robe tightly around his waist and shuts himself inside his room.
wants to throw up. Wonders, abstractly, if he’ll vomit rainbows and butterflies.
After an hour of waiting for Sherlock to text whatever his demands for the day may be, needs must. John is remiss to commence the practical joke himself, but it's imperative Sherlock texts him before he texts anyone else. He may be an arse, but he’s
“…a frigid bitch?”
Sherlock shakes him off. Pulls John down against him. Kisses his lips. Where his words originate. Every tooth, the palate of his mouth, his tongue. John whispers Sherlock’s name. It tastes like honey.
John breaks first. His face splits into a grin. And they laugh together.
Something
A beat of silence.
“What else could you have possibly meant by that remark?”
“Oh?” Strives for nonchalance. Misses by a mile. Breathless. Beguiled.
Sherlock concedes. His shoulders gradually lose the tension of a day spent interrogating pampered prima donnas. In all honesty, Sherlock thinks a little blackmail will do them some good. But whatever. He forces himself to smile at his mirror image because that’s what people do.
“No.”
To hell with it. If John can indulge in the little things so can Sherlock.
John is smiling puckishly. Sherlock is trying very hard not to. He's anxious. Wary. Annoyed.
To John’s credit, he neither chastises Sherlock nor removes himself from his lap. Merely says, “Lock the door on your way out.”
Might try and expedite the process. Enjoy watching John lose consciousness, recording details in a sub-atrium of his mind palace.
What?
“Maybe I’ll do what I want.” Sherlock has spent forty-eight days away from home. Away from John, who will vomit unapologetically when caustic what-ifs rake his stomach that night. Sharp, icy. He loses his appetite for the time being.
“Don’t
He poises to play. Firm bearing, aesthetic lines. Thoughts molten at the base of his skull. Buzzing, chafing. And he can feel the coalescence of unwarranted deductions dripping down his spine, welding his vertebra together. Everything and everyone, crowding in, devouring rational thought. Devouring the cornerstone of his mind palace.
John hangs up on him.
John patiently waits for Sherlock to make a decision.
“Kiss N’Tell,” John answers. He takes a sip of a tea. “Hyoid speaking.”
“Serial killer. You’re the intended victim, by the way. You can thank me later for slapping your benzodiazepine laced drink out of your hand. Someone make yourself useful for once in your life and call the police. Tell them Sherlock Holmes has their man.” Snidely, “You’re going to prison, Carruthers.”
He’s banking on the latter.
More polite applause.
“Ah. Allow me.”
Mrs. Hudson covers her mouth like she can read his mind. “Oh! Sorry, dear. I’m causing such a fuss.” Giggles at John. “Look at him. He’s so bashful.”
“Of course,” John mutters, sitting with his hands in his lap. Banifacious scrutinizes him unabashedly.
“Problem?”
Sherlock takes off his coat. He rolls up his shirt sleeves. Kneels down beside John, balancing on the balls of his feet.
John scowls. He sits back down amongst irate demands from the patrons. Sinks deep in his seat. What must people think? Two, grown men watching Twilight?
“Those pictures couldn’t have waited twenty minutes?”
. He’s bleary-eyed, the hem of his sheet imprinted on his cheek. “Wha’s this ‘bout tapeworms?” he slurs. Tucks himself into a ball of resigned curiosity and warmth and soft edges. (Sherlock has a strong desire to prod at him in this moment of faux vulnerability. Faux because John has the presence of mind to shoot him between the eyes in a second. Vulnerability because his hair is mussed and his voice is delectably stuffy.)
Warning for nasty language.
"We're really doing this."
. Unless, of course, they’ve committed murder. His smile is infectious, borderline manic. He watches his prey board the Ferris Wheel and he plans to catch him in the act. Decidedly less boring than waiting him out.
with pelvic thrusts, rolling his spine and snapping his hips, the beginnings of an erection very evident against his flies.
Or when he starts deducing the mating habits of Holstein, John fears for Sherlock’s sanity. Afraid he’ll lie down and die because it’s vastly more entertaining than watching John try to remember the
John is crying.
Bubble bath plus jets is not a good idea. Sudzy walls of white obscure their view of one another. John can hear Sherlock almost-giggling and he almost-giggles in return. The wine is damn damn
Next preview: Dark, teen love, angst, kissing in the rain. John almost wonders if it’s the same movie aside from the fact that the actors are different.
John doesn’t, if he’s honest with himself. “Why?”
“A rabbit wearing a strap-on,” Sherlock is loath to admit.
“I…” Full to bursting. John’s fingernails scratching softly at his shoulders. Sherlock cups John’s face in his hands. Cold, dry, but John’s heat steadily warms them. Warms
. Lois Mozelle is arrested the following morning for drinking and driving, which throws a wrench in Sherlock’s works, but the murderess is detained and there is a search warrant issued at Sherlock’s stymied behest. Two-story art studio. John doesn’t even want to think about the evidence Lestrade uncovers.
John can’t keep his eyes open. Can’t string more than two words together in what Sherlock deems a futile attempt at communication. Reminding Sherlock that he needs to change out of his wet clothes as soon as they’re home because wet clothes and freezing weather leads to colds and colds and Sherlock Holmes don’t get on and there’s some cough syrup in the cupboard, isn’t there? Just…in not so many words. Mostly grunting. And drunken gestures.
Polite applause. Angelo is ruddy-faced and bashful as hell.
It’s not enough. John knows it’s not enough. Doesn’t stop him from praying that it will be.
Sherlock stumbles upon a heat seal machine in the home of an "associate" who "specializes" in a plethora of gadgets John can't identify to save his life. Sherlock is smart. Very smart. There's only so much room in his Mind Palace for technological gizmos. John doesn't blame him for deferring to "an expert" when it comes to something like arithmometers. Sherlock carries the heat seal machine back to Baker Street, humming contentedly under his breath.
Sherlock unlaces John’s shoes. Arranges them neatly under the couch. Peels John’s socks off his feet. Followed by his trousers and his jumper and his button-down. His boxers and his tee are suitably dry so Sherlock spares John any unnecessary nudity, though he doesn’t understand John’s unwillingness to sleep starkers.
Sherlock watches John like a hawk. He’s sitting on the edge of the bathroom sink, trouserless, and John is darning his shin. Sherlock’s hands are steepled, aligning perfectly with the androgynous shape of his lips and the subtle curve of his philtrum. He winces when John’s needle pierces his skin, but he does not whimper or cry or hiss in pain. He’s far too distracted by the orchestra of healing and life conducted by dancing phalanges he knows inside and out. It’s mesmerizing.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. Bats John's query to the wayside with a flap of his hand. "I wouldn't call it a case."
“Your point being?”
Where did he burry that—ah! He opens the bread box. Bats fifteen species of moths to disperse. A stack of envelopes, secured with the spinal cord of a Malaysian pygmy.
“We need to brush up on your old movie quotes.” John discards the fedora. He finds pieces of armor and fastens the helmet around his head. Even the feudal era suits him. Sherlock pictures John with a sword in hand easily enough. “Mi lord,” he deadpans. “We ride at dawn.”
But John is different. The pleasures he inspires are different. No longer meaningless.
Sherlock gasps. Tilts his head back, emotion stirring low in his stomach.
"Then he said things. So I punched the bastard."
Sherlock snorts. “I am in pain.” John seriously doubts it. Mostly because Sherlock’s wriggling himself into a more comfortable position and it amazes John that Sherlock can go days without sleeping or eating—that he can, on one memorable occasion, bring a killer to justice only to inform John that he’s been shot hours after the fact. Or
“My thoughts exactly.”
Sherlock says his name. A cry of sweet despondency not altogether human. Detonates within his mouth, open fire, semi-automatic. Sherlock yearns to apologize.
(Yes. Okay.)
John shakes his head. “It’s frowned upon, Sherlock. Firing weapons in public.”
Ten. Definitely ten.
Sherlock rolls his head against the back of the seat. Normally, his gaze is piercing. Under the haze of anesthesia, the best his eyes can manage is
My friend of twenty-three years is getting married in the morning.
“With your eyes closed?”
ness with a fiery passion that John will never discover because his face is blank and unreadable, thank you.
“Spare me these unending pleasantries.”
“There you are,” Sherlock may or may not speak aloud. John can’t be sure.
John realises he’s smiling.
belongs here. Deez engaged to be married. Slim with one on the way. Hotty and Bird already proud fathers.
“Same difference.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asks.
Silence. Then an audible gasp. “Oh my goodness, Mr. Burton!” Miss Haversham is beside herself. “How beautiful!”
But John.
“John, you made it!” Mike bellows. At least three drinks under his belt already, then. “Lads’re all inside!” He motions wildly behind him where a small, private room ajoins the pub proper. Heavy, red curtains are drawn back for easy access.
“We could switch places. I could do the wooing.”
John grabs Sherlock’s hands. “I don’t have strawberries on my nose.”
“You were the one who…why are you stopping?”
There are no words. Which is good because there’s nothing more to say.
John smiles. Steps out of Sherlock’s arm, frozen mid-text. Leaves Sherlock alone in the bathroom without another word.
), but today he says, “The Law of Diminishing Returns.”
“I’d regret nothing.”
More.
Sherlock will finish him.
“Your hands are freezing,” Sherlock complains. “I bought you gloves. Why aren’t you wearing your gloves?”
. Take it off. The weight of his hands eager on the gauzy fabric of his shirt as he palms his nipples. He gasps, almost a whine. Runs his hands down his torso and back up again, tortured fingers catching the folds of his shirt.
aren’t boring. It’s Sherlock’s way of saying:
“Stop gaping and touch me, will you?” Throaty, demanding.
Sherlock feels the stirrings of what he’s discovered is referred to as butterflies. He doesn’t like that word, either. Not in this case. Not butterflies. John inspires something more manly. More dangerous. Medevac, air ambulance, Sikorsky S-76. An entire war, even. “You were hungry,” Sherlock reminds him.
“I went to bed at seven with a headache.”
Sherlock can hear them with his damned heart. Surging with every pull of John’s lips against his unshaven face. Powerful waves melding them together, root to tip. Top to bottom and front to back and every which way until Sherlock is powerless to determine where he ends and where John begins.
“John,” Sherlock whispers. John wonders to hear him speak at all. “What are we doing?”
John uncovers a dozen analogous tracks on an untitled playlist in Sherlock’s library. More footsteps. The sound of newspaper pages rifling. A muffled television programme and a whistling tea kettle. At first, John suspects they’re empirical evidence of criminal activity. His theory falls flat when he distinguishes the sound of a shower running. Their shower running, to be precise. He can hear the familiar rattle of the pipes in the walls.
“I take this to mean you don’t want a televised ceremony.” John runs his thumb over their destination. “Bells and whistles and all that.”
Sherlock hooks his thumbs in the waistband of his trousers, frames the V of his groin with lithe arms and delicate wrists. Another pelvic thrust. Enough to jostle the shirt off his shoulders. Like black gossamer, floating around his body. And fluttering with each. Aborted. Thrust.
John kisses Sherlock on the cheek.
John doesn’t know how Sherlock does it. How he can look so damn affronted cohabiting his coat with a grown man. “Oh, don’t. Who? There must be someone.”
) “What was what?” Sherlock holds the door open for John. Major red flag. Sherlock is many things, but considerate isn’t one of them.
Regains consciousness.
“We’re okay,” John says.
“No.”
Sherlock is breathing hard, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. He runs his fingers through his hair and asks, “Who’s next?” He turns his attention to John and saunters in his direction.
John takes Sherlock to Angelo’s. Not exactly creative. Sherlock keeps his mouth shut. Sits in his usual spot. Tries to suss John out. Not his style. John prefers lavishing his dates with expensive, three course meals he can’t afford. Piano music, candlelight, and the susurrus of intimate conversation somewhere in the dark.
Worth what, he can’t fathom. But definitely deserving of more than his fair share.
Moriarty was mistaken. Jim did not burn the heart out of Sherlock. John has.
. So agonizing. Hanging in limbo because John needs Sherlock to be honest, open, and never to fake his death without John’s express permission.
“Meretricious.”
“If you’re not going to help, you don’t get to criticise my methods.”
Sherlock frowns at him. “Do you mind?”
Sherlock stands. Pulls off his latex gloves with a satisfying snap before he rounds on the scum of the earth. “Your ridiculous little opinion has been noted,” Sherlock hisses between his teeth. His anger is roiling inside his chest, climbing higher and higher into his throat. Sherlock wonders if he might shake apart from the force of it. He endeavors to tear the creation a new one, but a syllable from John, a touch from John, and Sherlock holds his tongue.
reduces Sherlock to a bliss-drunken stupor he’d rather pretend never ever ever happened, ever.
’ or ‘
But not entirely immune.
He feels nothing because he desires to feel nothing. He only ever wants to feel nothing when he fears feeling everything.
“What do you think?”
In Sherlock’s opinion, it is a mistake to theorize without all the facts. “John is characteristically romantic in his depiction of me and my work. And the papers? Oooh,” he purrs. “Must be true.”
forgot to put their mobile on silent.
“Does he approve?”
“Yes.” Sherlock tilts his head back.
“Just good?”
Sherlock squeals like a little girl.
John huffs. Sherlock Holmes
John dabs at Sherlock’s face. An impressive bruise is beginning to form. He resists the urge to kiss Sherlock’s boo-boo; because while he loves nothing more than to yank Sherlock’s chain, he has questions. It would behoove him to keep the mollycoddling to a bare minimum.
) soft and warm and spooning him from behind.
“You didn’t answer my question.” Of course not. But John knows Sherlock’s weakness. Curveballs. “I haven’t danced with a bloke before, no. Wouldn’t mind dancing with a few.”
Sherlock turns. Starts to explain. And while the sentence that he speaks begins strong and round, vowels and consonants, tongue and teeth, shaping the English language like moldable, wet clay--it falls apart once Sherlock perceives John's eyes blazing a trail familiar and secret and provocative. Sherlock follows slowly, his voice tapering off. Quiet. Hushed. Clicks a final K. Lips parting, almost asking, almost smiling. Almost breathing, but not quite. His back to the machine. Gripping the edge of the table. (Yes. Perfect.) John relocates his hand to Sherlock's waist. The heat has made Sherlock's clothes very warm. His skin sticky. John
Whispering. “With my jumper.”
John will not acknowledge the tinge of pride he hears in Sherlock’s voice. They’re stripped to their underthings, mildly concussed, sweating bullets, and they don’t have the leverage to kick the coffin open. Sherlock’s approval can’t be taking precedence. It just can’t.
) John thinks Sherlock is full of shit, but he can’t prove Sherlock is or isn’t lying based on terrestrial albedo or the number of times Sherlock pops his damn collar within a span of twenty-four hours, can he?
It’s a deerstalker. A large TE stitched on the flaps.
The boredom incubating inside Sherlock’s resplendent mind slowly corrodes his good sense. When he argues how mauve
“What do you want the floor to be?”
“W—nothing.” John is flustered. Rocks on his heels, hands stuffed in the pockets of his coat. Must find something interesting stuck to the toes of his shoes because he gives them his undivided attention. “Just.” Emphasizes the T, biding his time. “Thinking.”
There is no definition for
John is trembling. Sherlock withdraws his hand, alarmed
John kneads Sherlock’s shoulders with the heels of his palms. He can feel the tension in his muscles begin to loosen so he steadily applies more pressure, digging his thumbs into Sherlock’s balmy flesh. Sherlock moans appreciatively. Somehow finds it necessary to inform John that Swedish massages are anything but effective. Time to pull out the big guns, then. John plants his elbow in the middle of Sherlock’s back, slides his hand under Sherlock’s left elbow, and
John presses his lips together. Cashmere totally defeats the purpose of the game. Where’s the incentive? Why would anyone avoid touching cashmere? “I don’t…”
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow.
Brunette. Muscled. Tan. He looks like that Californian they pulled over in
“How long before you grow tired of him?”
Sherlock looks at John not unlike he surveys a crime scene. He says nothing. And it means everything.
Doesn’t intend to forget about the ring in his pocket, but war crimes and ferrets will do that to a man in his forties.
Sherlock doesn’t reply.
—and gasping, gasping, gasping for more. I love you. I love you. I love you. Each caress, each kiss. Each roll of John’s hips is his reply. He whispers the words in Sherlock’s ear, shouts them at his heart. Loud and clear. “I love you, too.”
and Sherlock still hasn’t managed to re-zip his fly. “I’m crying! Sherlock!” Forehead to forehead, snorting the remnants of their giggle fits, wiping at each other’s faces. John kisses Sherlock soundly on the mouth. And on the teeth, because Sherlock can’t stop smiling. Neither can John.
“You always lead.”
Sherlock plops onto John’s lap and John gasps, “Oh. I’m open to suggestions.”
“John,” Sherlock croaks. “Please tell me you brought your gun.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s buttons catch on the threads of John’s jumper. Rucking up against his quivering stomach. The sounds they’re making have amplified tenfold, from hushed adulations to monosyllabic invective and sobbing
. “…acquaintance, you will not recover.”
“I…” Full to bursting. John’s fingernails scratching softly at his shoulders. Sherlock cups John’s face in his hands. “John, I…” Grits his teeth. John exists, soft and strong in all the right ways, and he can say it. He can say it for John. “I love you.”
“Done.”
John starts. Lost in thought. “Oh.” Retrieves the present. “I was hoping to surprise you.”
John breathes, “Sherlock.” The meaning is inestimable.
Plus, John is a heavy man. Not too heavy, but heavy enough to bully the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. Increasing the pressure and oh. Oh.
“Yes,” Sherlock repeats after him.
A waiter approaches the table to refill Mary’s wine glass. He must feel the tension between them because he neither asks after John, who excused himself to use the facilities, nor inquires whether Sherlock will be joining their party of two.
Sherlock says it. Quick. Like ripping off an Elastoplast. “It would seem I’m in love with you.” As if announcing he has a terminal disease.
It’s glorious.
Sherlock believes him because it’s true. He knows it’s true based on a compilation of facts Sherlock consults when John admires his assets. Sherlock supposes he must be an attractive man. He’s not the genial sort so he’s not winning anyone over with his sparkling personality, even if John privately enjoys his dark sense of humor and vindictive tongue. Sherlock has every reason to think the majority of people who find him alluring are attracted to his intelligence. But maybe he’s wrong.
begin to play. Sherlock starts off with small, enticing movements, warming them up. Rocking his hips forward in a smooth, sinuous wave. Little gyrations that elicit pornographic
s his delight when he leans against Sherlock's body. Takes his time smelling the vee of Sherlock's shirt. (Lingering detergent.) His neck. (A bit of aftershave. Sweat.) His breath. (Buncakes again.)
“Because.” John gestures at Elijah Wood with the remote. His attempt to coax an explanation is uninspiring. “It is what it is, Sherlock. And I like it.” He adds, “Now shut up,” very seriously, but very playfully at the same time. Somehow.
Astronomy. Shit.
—John Watson.
As promised, Reginald bequeaths the keys of his guesthouse. A little downcast his great great grandfather was too shortsighted to bury his treasure—whatever it may have been—in a less waterlogged environment, but “what an adventure!” he crows, having participated very little himself and shooing Sherlock and John out of the drawing room because they smell of mildew and stagnant water.
“Yes.” Kiss. “Exactly.” Kiss. “Yes.”
He endevors to kiss him on a regular basis, The Work permitting. Sherlock’s sleep schedule is haphazard at best, but Sherlock conducting experiments at the kitchen table in the early A.M. is as certain as gridlock at rush-hour. His lack of response to John’s display of affection is typical. He has his reasons for vocalizing his approval (
John snickers.
Sherlock combats the reflex to blush. Irritated that the very avatar of his body is betraying him at a time like this. Because John is unapologetically perfect. And it hurts so bad it makes him want to do something stupid and dangerous. Like write a sonnet. A-B-B-A, A-B-B-A.
) Sherlock is going to enjoy this. Turns off his microscope. "Bail, hmm?"
Sherlock exhales through his nose. His breath tickles the hairs on the back on John’s neck. “Simple. I would land on you.”
Angelo puts a candle on their table. Neither of them notices.
Sherlock depends on John. Relies on him like he relies on his cardiovascular system to carry blood cells and nutrients through his body. John is Sherlock’s reason for living. Saccharine and sordid and true, unfortunately. Give the man a puzzle and watch him dance. Give the man a friend and watch him die for three years.
“He’s scared, I bet.”
“So she just…had him drive her ‘round?”
“I’m…having a…great. Time.”
He steadies himself on the back of John’s chair. His half-open shirt falling around John’s face and John sees nothing but skin and smells nothing but the sweet tang of sweat and cologne. The minute twitch of Sherlock’s abdominals when he cocks his hips slowly, slowly. Then surging up, up, until John's chin catches on that elusive fourth button. And Sherlock moves impossibly closer, his pelvis pressing against John’s chest.
One obstacle down, another to go. Sherlock has identified the day of their anniversary. Now all that’s left is a present. Sherlock browses the internet for inspiration. The top three gifts for anniversaries are sex, food, and technology.
He texts,
"Nah, the other one."
Sherlock takes pride in the clothes he wears. Allows nothing but the finest blends to grace his skin. His daily attire is an extension of himself and he is, as John would say, too damn picky.
Sherlock proceeds to write nothing on his trouser leg. “This pen is out of ink. I’m tired.”
I'm in a really sappy mood.
“Mm?”
John cannot see Mycroft’s reaction, but he can envision he’s fighting tooth and nail not to leap to his feet in a hurry. John mouths to Sherlock:
They gravitate toward one another. Their legs tangle, skin on skin. John breathes in and Sherlock breathes out.
“Our people.” John turns his attention to the Kincade painting. “That didn’t offend me, you know.”
This is probably the most intimate thing I’ve ever written so be warned. Maybe it’s the fever. Stocking will be the next chapter because Christmas! And I can’t guarantee I’ll update tomorrow because of family and general unwellness on my part.
confess.” Sherlock’s eyes are hard and his voice is altogether arctic.
“If it isn’t ol’ Three Continents,” Deez chuckles. “Lemme look at’cha!”
They take a bath. Technically. John’s not sure Le Meurice defines
“You researched how to engage in homosexual relations while I was sitting right next to you.”
John adjusts the bags in his hands. While Sherlock may treat him like a packmule around the holidays, Christmas shopping with the world’s only consulting detective is a blessing in disguise. Though, Sherlock does tend to lean more toward practical presents, which invariably lead to embarrassing revelations. Like:
Wait.
“I like dancing.” Sherlock smiles coyly around his cigarette. “Watched some YouTube videos.”
Sherlock has never wanted someone or something so fiercely in his life. He opens his mouth to express possessive, sentimental rot, but comes to realize they’re not alone. Three sets of eyes staring at them in astonishment, horror, and (God help him) arousal. Each of which bearing Reggie’s family crest on their poly-blend uniforms.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. Because why wouldn't John be the one digging for it? Sherlock prefers a more managerial role when it comes to menial labor.
Sherlock forgets about the receipts and the apparently not-so-subtle play for John’s affections. “Case related,” he lobs.
“Don’t anthropomorphize your food,” Sherlock remarks. Takes the lobster away from John and walks around the kitchen table, bare feet slapping against the linoleum. Holds the lobster at arm’s length. It wiggles its legs frantically in protest. And because Sherlock has the capacity for introspection, he observes life and death and
The next three chapters are as follows: Legato, Ornamental, and Trifling. Please submit as many words as you like. I'm enjoying the exercise.
Resolved.
Sherlock retrieves his iPod. Checks to see if it still works. Then he claims John’s mouth, a smug-arse, “You were saying?” prefacing the dance of tongue on tongue. The scrape of teeth and breathless curses and backhand compliments in the heat of the moment.
, then?”
Because I’ve literally been staring at br0-Harry’s The Kiss animation for over thirty minutes. If you have not seen it, go. Do. Now. If you have seen it, I can only hope I’ve done br0-Harry’s artwork a tenth of the justice it deserves.
“It was the estranged wife. In the study. With a letter opener. ‘Professor, it was she.’ Obvious.”
“AHhhh-ahh!” John shouts. Stands. Hesitates, but only momentarily. “
Sherlock pins him with his eyes, his body. John doesn’t particularly enjoy being pinned, but Sherlock has a flair for pinning that is very satisfying. Soothes John’s nerves rather than stimulates them in a very not-good way—thanks ever so, PTSD.
his voice betrays him.
Happy Birthday, Sherlock Holmes!
“Really John? Must to romanticise everything? You even left out that the man you shot down was the murderer with a background of petty thefts, and a military record.” John jumped at hearing Sherlock so close. To be specific, screaming over his shoulder.
‘A case.’ When he didn’t elaborate any further, he tried again. It was important to keep him talking if he wanted to ease him. Or at least he hoped so.
“I’m sorry, but I have something to say.” Said Wiggins. I was relieved that he talked for I had nothing to reassure Lestrade. I knew the plan was mad, and dangerous, but he didn’t need to hear it from me. “I know what I’ve gotten myself into,” he continued, “but it is my decision to make.”
Long chapter! I was going to add more things but thought this was enough. I also needed some things left unsaid.
‘As expected she has. I was unaware that she knew about your involvement with the Met, but the situation has been corrected. She’s under almost constant surveillance now. I get updates of her every move. We don’t know who she works for, but the corpses have been identified. Let’s just say that the situation is taking a rather ghastly direction.’ He was inspecting his nails as he said this, Sherlock recognised his nervousness from the action. Things where worse than what he thought.
‘Come on Sherlock, that’s not fair, you’re my friend. It’s not as if I don’t enjoy our small adventures and the stakeouts with Lestrade. It’s the most fun I’ve had in a while. I was completely engrossed in my studies forgetting to live a bit.’
She gave him a worried look and he knew that she was not joking.
‘You wouldn’t do that statement unless you were about to disappear.’ He laughed at the idea that she was about to leave the country and all the commodities that she had as of now. He couldn’t picture her in the wild running away from whoever was chasing her.
‘Let him be. He’s just 16.’ Everyone cheered at that. Social conventions were something Sherlock had never understood, but this was way out of his grasp on cues. John took pity on him and sat at his side. After all, he had to show him the messages.
'So, this is beginning to get awkward. Are you ok? I just wanted to know if I had missed anything.' He shifted a bit on his chair in nervousness. Sherlock decided that it was now or never. Better now than later.
‘Can I see him?’ The doctor turned to face him sceptically, it was unlikely that they shared any kinship, and due to the extent of the wounds only direct family would be able to follow. There was no way Mycroft could beg the doctor not to voice this, as it was probably part of the rules they had to follow.
‘You want me to fit all that in a message? I just sent one to The Woman. When will you tell me who’s she?’
‘Don’t worry, I’ll be I there, it’s just Tuesday and my mother wanted to see me. It’s just an hour away, I’ll be back on time, I really can’t be long with my family.’ Sherlock was so silent that he had to check his mobile just to reassure himself that the call hadn’t been disconnected. ‘Sherlock?’
The second was from Sherlock’s network, and it was the most worrying thing I read that day. “They know, and are after you.”
‘Seriously? You’re a super genius that keeps correcting teachers and students and you still go to the lessons?’ Sherlock was about to berate him about it when he noticed John’s mischievous grin.
‘Oi! I’m right here standing behind you! It’s not my fault that she decided to take a completely useless topic in social sciences when she wants to go into medical school, although you have to work up some character or they’ll eat you alive, I’d advise you to be a pathologist so you don’t have to manage and interact with the living.’
‘Short story, most people do not like to see the truth. It is part of human nature: avoiding the truth. It surprises me that they are even trying to achieve a degree based on research, let alone a career. Idiots the lot of them John. Definitely not worthy of our time.’
“Well, too bad. Has it got a name yet? I don’t think you should publish this case. Maybe Mycroft will bring it down anyways.” Now John knew the problem had been no accident at all.
Sherlock was crying. John couldn’t stop thinking that “it was worth a wound, it was worth many wounds, to know the depth of loyalty and love which lay behind that cold mask.”
‘Whatever are you talking about?’ Trying to half-smile as in disbelieve, he left a nervous sigh. It didn’t go unnoticed and John turned to face him so fast that for a moment he thought he’d give himself a concussion. Sherlock new right then that he was about to hit a dead end.
‘Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you I guess.’ He recognised Moriarty as one of the main academics in political science, lowering his stance a bit, he noticed John shifting his weight about to attack him. It was clear that he was creating an open for Sherlock to escape. That was not going to happen.
‘Yes, and she can’t read an article under 4 hours! Do you have a sight impairment or something? How can it take you so long to read it?’ His exasperation was escalating and John could see the oncoming explosion that was about to happen unless he intervened in some way.
‘So, was this because a case?’ Sherlock turned completely to see him. For the first time John could see the scars left from when they jumped.
“Dinner?”
'That was brilliant! I had never seen someone draw information in such a way. How did you do it? Oh, sorry, I don't even know if you have other classes. Nice to meet you...'
‘Oh please, your passcode is not exactly fortnox. Simple and easy to deduce.’
‘No Sherlock, you are to remain quiet or I’ll call Mycroft. You might not be missing classes but the school needs to know why we had 4 different professors the first 2 weeks of the term.’
‘So, after you left he wrote a quick message asking if you had a new number, I didn’t know what to say so didn’t reply. Just yesterday he wrote back saying that he needed your help and that he’d be glad to see you at NSY. I think this might be just up your expertise.’
His mind was reeling as she spoke. Reality downed on him, he needed time to properly file that information. Harsh times, harsh decisions or something.
‘And from what I have seen you will never be. Just trust me when I say that he was planning on waging a war bigger than the world wars. I saw him growing more unstable with every idea and every move, but he totally lost it when Sherlock began to get involved. He was going to use it to manipulate Mycroft in the government. His personal pawn. Didn’t go far there. Adler did an amazing job with giving him tips.’
‘Miss Mary Morstan, as I know you don’t pay attention to names.’
First thing first: I have a purpose with this, I feel like the past chapter and this one might feel a bit stand alone but they do serve a purpose that is about to be made obvious.
Sorry it's mostly a conversation, and sorry if I'm getting rid of Mary this fast. Just give it a try, she'll still be here a bit.
The call disconnected. He got another message from the Woman “Don’t let her words get to you, that’s the way they work. They want you out of the investigation
Sherlock is threatened in an attempt to lure him out of the investigation.
“Most definitely not.”
This rendered Sherlock speechless. People normally saw things, but never observed. ‘You might just be earning the right to know my name.’
Saturday couldn’t come fast enough, but when it did Sherlock was perched in his room window waiting for John. He couldn’t care less about things needing to be ready or food. Even his parents had tried to encourage him to play the violin instead of just sitting by his room’s window with the lights off. That is until he saw John walking down the street, he opened the door before he could ring the bell.
’15 January.’
‘I had never seen you ramble on. Things must be hell.’ Added Sherlock as a thought trying to gather more information.
‘Are you in for John Hamish Watson?’ They were the only ones remaining in the small room, and even then, Sherlock jumped to his feet and was listening intently to anything the doctor had so say. ‘I am to inform you that he is now stable and well.’ Sherlock’s grip on his jacket’s sleeve went from slack to steel strong. ‘However, he went down into a coma. It’s likely he’ll wake up in the next couple of days, we suspect it was due to the closeness to his heart and major arteries. We can’t be completely sure until he wakes.’
By now their conversation had turned into whispers, and Sherlock noticed that there were a couple of minutes left. He hadn’t even noticed the lecturer get into the room or the topic that had been discussed. Almost at the back of his mind, in a dream like haze, he could hear the professor thanking them for their attention, and thus marking the end of the class. He was glad that he was finally free, and noticed John beside him picking up his things with an amused grin.
Sherlock couldn’t believe it. He had been trying to get the attention of the police, and just now after ten years someone was willing to listen to him. He was excited. Over the moon. When they left NSY and saw the time, he couldn’t help it but ask John to go home with him. He had never had a friend, perhaps it was time he met Mycroft so that he would leave him alone.
‘Thanks. You don’t give your brother enough credit. He cares deeply for you. See you on Saturday Sherlock.’
The cab stopped a few blocks before. I couldn’t be seen, although it was a possibility that they were expecting me. My first thought had been to check their main meeting point, but halfway there, Mycroft sent me to an abandoned building. Experience told me that if he were being kept captive, he would be in the basement.
‘First, if you must really know, it’s not dog’s hair, it’s human. Second, I just wanted to see if it is possible to identify pigments from single strands. Separate the components that stick to the hair and identify the different brands of dye there are.’
This alarmed Lestrade, he immediately tried to make him reconsider. “I think you should really leave it to NSY.”
‘Don’t you even dare.’ Said Mycroft taking aim. Moriarty laughed at him as he pulled out a knife.
“What ever you say. Why this case? I hate this case. I told you not to publish the unsolved ones!” Said Sherlock while dropping all his weight on the couch. It was going to be one of a hell sulk. John might as well ignore him. “Don’t ignore me!”
The moment he raised his head and John saw his eye, his whole demeanour changed. He was suddenly the young adult he was supposed to be, rather than the carefree person Sherlock knew.
‘It would be nice if you showed your face about now. I don’t bargain unless I can see my counterpart.’
‘You have no idea how glad I am to hear you say that you love me. I was worried that you would find out and end our friendship.’
‘Are you sure it’s just one or two? To me it looks more like 20.’
The calm and sorrowful atmosphere was broken by a moan. Both froze.
The question was so unexpected to Sherlock that he had to take a moment to answer. John just sat there staring at the ground unable to properly look at Sherlock. He knew better, he knew that John had taken to observe Sherlock’s movements and mannerisms as to puzzle the entire story. It was his way to keep up, and catch up he did.
‘No, I came to get you to go to Scotland Yard. What is keeping you from answering Lestrade?’
“Easier said than done.” He mumbled to himself whenever he missed an opportunity to speak up. It was until November that he finally decided to jump into action.
He was sad for her, she had looked so strong and sure of herself all the other times they met, that the woman standing before him was nothing more but a shadow of the ruthless assassin he thought of her. She was now pacing the small room as she arranged her thoughts. It was sad to see her as worried as she was.
‘Most definitely no.’ He smiled to her and she just rolled her eyes. Leave it to Sherlock to be cryptic and secretive about a coffee shop.
He turned back to see John as Molly sent him a message. “Don’t look like you are going to a funeral. Trust me on this Sherlock, you two could be brilliant. A dynamic duo. Just tell him how you feel. I texted Mycroft, just so you know.”
‘Well, just as I said: he wouldn’t be Sherlock if he did.’
Hi everyone. I just did a few modifications here. The story remains unchanged.
‘Why do you keep him close? I think you’re in need of a new pet darling.’ Mary’s aim turned to John in that moment making Sherlock jump to action.
‘John!’ He heard Sherlock through the hoarse sound of someone screaming.
‘I will, he requested me to look for him after classes, not that it’s a hard task when you know how to find him.’
‘No, but it was the only way I could think to keep you safe.’ He was staring at the ground as he said it. John’s expression morphed immediately from exasperation to fondness.
He smiled at the text, trust Molly to know what he needs to hear, or read in this case. Taking a deep breath to release some of the tension, he closed his laptop and placed it in his bag. It was his chance, if he was just about to do this he would do it right; no hesitation or insecurities. He grabbed his cup almost defensively and took a moment to gather his wit. It was as if he was preparing to battle. When he raised his head to see John he saw what Molly saw, it was obvious that he was John’s favourite person.
‘Well, while you ponder on what has happened so far, wouldn’t you think it’s beneficial for your general wellbeing to step away from the window?’
‘You wouldn’t be Sherlock Holmes.’ He gave grinned at Sherlock, and he couldn’t avoid hugging him as careful as he could. ‘Oh my, I must be the luckiest person in the world in order to get a hug from you.’
His eyes were defiant, Sherlock could either accept the easy way out or let John know that he was not interested in women. He remained in silent for a moment without breaking eye-contact with John. It soon turned into a battle of wits until he knew he could not do this to John Watson. He needed him out of the entire picture in order to keep him safe.
Sherlock shook visibly in his place, it was obvious that he wanted to make a counterproposal but Mycroft’s tone left clear that there was no room for discussion. Either things proceed his way, or Sherlock was out of the investigation. John was surprised that he remained quiet even after Mycroft left the room. He was almost surprised when he spoke again.
‘Oh! Come on Mycroft, it’s not remotely close to that. In fact, I’ll have you know that in such case you haven’t noticed, I’m gay.’ Sherlock noted his voice rising and composed himself back to how they were at the beginning.
‘Come on darling, surely you know that I hold nothing against you. It’s you who has been avoiding going out with John.’ Her smirk looked innocent for a moment before she turned to Sherlock. He understood then why everyone believed her lies as her expression changed so fast to noticed.
‘John, I’m bored. Lestrade won’t even let me into cold cases.’ Typical Sherlock to call in the middle of the night just to demand some entertainment.
“Yes, you do.” Remarked him with a grin. “So, I know that you have some plan being formed in that big brain of yours. Care to share? I've given you enough time.”
We were allowed into the last crime scene, and later on to the bodies at the morgue. They were all murdered in the same way, and all targets were the lower ranks. All young and naïve individuals who were, perhaps, looking for something exciting to do, or a fast way to make money. I could practically see the connections being made within Sherlock's brain.
‘Oh darling! Why didn’t you told me so before, we could have changed the way in which I was introduced to him and make things easier. Is it because of a mental disorder or are you just shy?’
The tedious thing about New Year, is that you get to sit there in the middle of everything and see how happy everyone is around you. He has always had problems with how he saw himself but now he hated himself more than any other year. Why would anyone ever look his way, or love someone like him? He had always been the un-dateable because of his intellect and his love and passion for knowledge on what people often saw as gruesome trivia.
‘Ok, give me what you have.’
‘I don’t think so. I’m going to make a deduction and you are to answer me truthfully. I think I deserve to know. You are in love with me.’
‘I wait for the police to leave and break in or cross the line. People don’t notice people if they look like they belong. It’s the best disguise you can ever do. Trust yourself.’
Just filling some gaps.
Now both were exasperated as they stood putting on their shoes and John trying to do so as he sent the text with his left hand. It was not an easy task to try to catch up with Sherlock as his body still ached at some movements, and yet he managed.
‘Well, I’d certainly be surprised to know someone with that shade of blonde. I really thought it was from a Labrador or something.’ Laughter filled the room as they kept on joking on the subject. John commenting on the way Sherlock’s brain was wired and Sherlock arguing back on John’s intellectual capacity.
‘Yes, thank you for your input. So, I was thinking on getting a head start and begin an experiment or two.’ By the time he turned to John, John was eyeing warily the assortment of different chemicals, reactants, pipettes, two Bunsen burners, several flasks and 4 Petri dishes. Everything was cluttered around the table, a messy display of glass that was warily balanced on the edges.
John was fidgeting awkwardly in his chair. Sherlock could do nothing but laugh at this and decided to put him out of his misery. ‘You don’t have to give me explanations. I understand people don’t belong to me contrary to whatever Mycroft told you about me. You have a girlfriend, and I wanted to keep on with the investigation. I found a lead and now all I have to do is piece it all together.’
‘Oi! Mate! You mute or something?’ Asked the guy to his left patting his back with such strength he was certain his lungs would collapse.
When he saw John’s face, he sobered up. ‘What’s the matter?’
‘What’s wrong Sherlock?’
I'm sorry this one's a bit sad, it was fueled by angst.
That’s when his phone rang with an incoming call, and he took a deep breath before answering. One could say that Sherlock Holmes has no fears and go unchallenged through life believing the statement to be truth. The reality is very different as he has a deep hate for phone calls, being a private number makes it worse, and he says “hate” to avoid saying that he is petrified whenever he must make a call. When he picked, his panic rose as he heard a very familiar voice on the other end.
He was exasperated and prone to escalations. He surely knew that John still lived at one of the dorms. There was no way he could take him in even if he tried. He shook his head in amusement and turned to address Sherlock’s erratic energy. ‘Ok mate, you do remember that I have a student’s accommodation, don’t you? I can’t just take you in in a whim. It’s not my decision to take.’
Sherlock knew there was no going back, Mycroft would know immediately if he even dared to lie about what was going on. He had no other choice but to be honest.
Silence
“Publish it? Just like your blog? Why would you do that? And that case non the less!” John turned to Sherlock exasperated.
‘Yes John!’ he called as an answer as he added to himself ‘where else would I be?’
‘If it was up to me, you’d be out of the country since the moment you fell to the Thames.’
Sherlock couldn’t avoid but ponder that things could’ve gone better. Having turned off his mobile after they left school he was none the wiser that Mycroft had been frantically looking for him. So far, he had left his job early, went to the campus, and back home while calling their parents to tell them that he couldn’t find Sherlock. When they arrived the first thing they saw was a worried 23-year-old worried, and that worry turn into anger when he laid his sight on him.
“For some reason people just love reading about a mad genius detective in the deer-stalker. Now where did you placed my charger? Have you used it for another of your experiments?”
‘That’s because I didn’t give it to you.’ The words were out in the open so fast, that he couldn’t avoid feeling bad for mustering them that fast. ‘Sorry. Old habits.’
‘I’m leaving the U.K. and you should do the same thing. The spider in the middle of the web is about to release Moran on your trail. That’s considering that whatever happened to you wasn’t just a warning from him.’
‘Ok! Fine! Send her a message to meet us downstairs. I’m texting Mycroft.’
It was most definitely one of our hardest cases. Sherlock had hit a dead end, Lestrade was getting anxious, NSY was demanding the case to be done, and I was in the middle of everything trying not to go mad.
‘Well, you are the most dangerous human in the entire campus and I still hang out around you.’
‘You did what?’ Sherlock only rolled his eyes.
‘He’s just certain that someone will be daft enough to try to kill me before all this mess ends and took matters into his own hands for once. See it this way: we are practically all the time together except for when you have practice and the lessons we don’t have together. Your girlfriend decided to go MIA and hasn’t given any clue as to what is going on, the series of murders stopped, and all of this doesn’t add up to something good. We are either sitting ducks waiting for something bad to happen, or the whole circle of operation decided to move somewhere else. I doubt the latter as we have seen things moving pushing Irene out of the country. No, there’s definitely something going on here.’
He never had a chance to finish his thought. For a moment, everything was blissfully silent as John kissed him. The whole world could end in that moment and they wouldn’t notice as they were rather entertained in their own world.
‘Not too much, I imagine that it was just about enough to send the picture to Mycroft. They actually told me, and I quote them, that they’d “rather get caught by the government than by the man in the shadows.” Whatever that means.’ She paled for a moment, the expression obvious to Sherlock as he was observing her closely.
He felt betrayed.
“Girls, calm down. Now what on Earth is going on here? You do know that Wiggins is here, right?” They both went silent. Sherlock regarded me with an exasperated look as if asking
“I don't do that!” He answered affronted. I was grateful that Lestrade chose that moment to make himself present.
John has been a constant in Sherlock’s life like only his parents have been. He’s glad that even after a couple of months, he was still with him even in his crazy ideas. Mycroft had been sceptical at the beginning, so much he had warned John after he had screamed ’10 Temple street!’ to the taxi driver. He was excited to finally have someone to present as his friend.
‘No I can’t,’ she lowered her gun and took a step back, ‘I don’t have another choice. I need your help.’
‘Come on Sherlock, don’t take it off on her. I know you’re angry at me for not being there when you want me for whatever it is you planned to do after tutoring.’
Sherlock didn’t take the comment lightly, and John could see that as clear as the day the moment he schooled his expression. He was suddenly sitting with his back straight, and had turned his whole body to the front of the room. Perhaps the conversation was over even before it had begun.
Sherlock was speechless. He hadn’t noticed the way in which things had changed between them, and she could see it. Was he so transparent that even Molly Hooper could see it even though he himself was unaware? ‘How have I been so blind?’
He wanted to hide somewhere and perhaps die, with that statement he had revealed his weakest point to one of his enemies. It was up to her to take things as they were said and use them against him, or demonstrate her worth and show him that she was on his side. Whatever that might mean at this point as she could very well be like The Woman and just be looking for a way out of a business that got out of control and ultimately threatened her life. Yet she smiled at him and went to release him from his binds and cuffs.
