As I got nearer… I don’t know why the fuck I didn’t say anything, I just kinda… unintentionally snook up on him… When he heard me behind him, he kinda jumped and shouted ‘Hello’ at me… and his face went bright red… such a fucking babe when he blushes. And his lips…….
Dean grinned. Was that a flirtation? They had said no personal information and now it seemed they both knew why. They were both in relationships. Dean wondered for a moment if 'shopboys' relationship was like his own, more business than pleasure or if he was truly happy? Then he thought, with a knot of guilt forming in his stomach, that he half hoped it was like his...
Fuck Off Rain. Waiting for hot guy to pass on the lawn is bad enough, but now I’m checking down the street every so often from the window… New creepiness level unlocked Dean, nice job.
A shout of desperation and cut off mid-sentence he suspected… Without hesitating he turned back to the opened the handle and ran in. He sees Castiel sinking down against the wall to the floor, clutching his stomach. Balthazar has turned to face he, his fist still clenched from hitting Castiel…
"Yeah.. because..." She cut off, looking even more nervous now, she took a deep breath before continuing "Because you were always with me.” She ran a hand through her hair “I wonder if... I mean. Would it be totally weird if I asked you to come tonight? Just as friends of course... I don't mean to just drop this on you Dean, and I understand if its to quick but I would be really grateful for some backup and it would be a good chance to see if we can still be friends, what do you think?"
Dean looked puzzled for a second and then remembering burst into laughter "Oh yeah, I forgot about that"
Thought Castiel, feeling the earlier panic rising up again. He had to stop, he had to know, he had to be sure...
Charlie gave Garth a sneaky thumbs up when Jo wasn't looking and Jo and Garth headed out of the bar to go back to Jo's for the night.
Dean rolled his eyes, "Fine but I won't have my car tomorrow Sam, it's being towed into the garage - it crapped out on me this morning."
“Well, I’m glad you were there, Benny, Jack.” Dean thinly smiled at the two men. All business now, he focused on Sam. “Ok Sammy, I’m all ears. How are we going to get out of this shit storm?”
Setting the large pile of goods on the table, Dean walked over to Cas and stroked the little ball of fluff. Cas leaned his way and kissed him, he’d been shooting Dean heart eyes the whole way home in the car.
The first thing he realized was that Cas hadn’t moved. His hands were still hanging by his sides. Dean had been grabbing and pushing and pulling and tasting, but Cas hadn’t moved an inch. The second thing he noticed was his arousal…or lack thereof. Dean was painfully hard and pressed against Cas in a way that left no room for imagining. He should be feeling Cas’s erection pressed into the thigh that Dean had shoved against his groin. If Cas were aroused at all, even a little, Dean would be feeling it. But he wasn’t.
Before he could blink, or at least it seemed that way, the windows were closed and the SUV had backed off the sidewalk and was heading away at a good clip. The guns were put away, and the driver glanced at him using the rearview mirror.
“Let’s be honest here, Benny and Jack gave me the rundown on how they saved you from being abducted at gunpoint this morning. If you’ve been compromised the way it looks like you have, there’s probably a price on your head, set by more than one of your clients. Working with us is probably your only option.” There wasn’t any time to pull punches, Sam was urgent to move things along.
“Spare me. Fix it or you’ll wish you were as lucky as James.” He blanched, while he expected his mother to be capable of a great number of terrible things, wishing death on her son wasn’t one of them. He thought he’d long been numb to her barbs, but that one hurt. Dean must have seen it because he felt Dean’s hand on his thigh in an offer of comfort.
Cas hadn’t looked up at the owner, he had been too busy petting the sweet pup to pay them mind. The owner’s voice though was warm and smooth and Castiel had to look up to see if he was just as handsome as he sounded.
“Dean...” Castiel’s eyes shimmered until a large tear rolled down his cheek. Dean lifted his hand, placing his fingers along the line of his jaw and brushing away the tear with his thumb.
Balancing the tray on his arm briefly to reach the doorknob, Dean opened the door with a nudge of his hip and carried the tray over to the small desk along the wall. Cas was sitting up now, back to the headboard, still looking irritable and put out.
“Ich besuchte eine Privatschule und befreundete viele Mitschüler die allesamt unterschiedliche Sprachen gesprochen haben. Wie es scheint, habe ich eine natürliche Veranlagung dazu, sie schnell zu erlernen.”
“Good. Put my agent on the phone.” The very last thing Dean wanted to do was talk to Cas, but he was already screwed. He knew where Cas was, and he was already walking towards his room to grab the duffle and head for the car. His only chance to avoid eternal mortification was to warn Cas off.
Without ceremony, he dropped to his knees and used both hands to reach for the button on Cas’s jeans. Caught off guard, Cas was silent while deep looked up with a grin.
The window over the kitchen sink was one of Dean’s favorite things about the house.  After years of living in the windowless bunker, and decades before that bouncing from dark motel room to dark motel room, the light and airy kitchen filled Dean with a deep sense of contentment.  Fresh apple pie baking in the oven, Dean was up to his elbows in dishwater as he washed the dishes.  He was in no hurry to finish up. The view from here was second to none.
“As soon as he was gone, Dean started to cry.  I never heard him cry, ever, and I didn’t know what to do so I just stayed in my bed.  At some point, I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew it was morning and Dean was telling me to wake up.  He told me that it was time to pack up and move on, dad had gone out to get some breakfast for us to eat on the road.  His face was unrecognizable it was so swollen, and his arm was in a sling, all he said was that dad had come and got him to help take down a straggler overnight but he’d been jumped. I knew he was lying but I went along with it.  When dad came to get us, he gave me the room key and told me to run it back to the office.  When I got there Phil was behind the counter, but he didn’t look much better than Dean.  He didn’t say anything, he just took the key and I left.”
She got to work, Sam went into the kitchen to get set up for lunch, and Bobby excused himself to make a couple of phone calls to his office. That left Cas alone with Dean for the first time that day. Eyeing the balcony he gestured towards it and invited Dean to step out so they could talk in private.
He could hear Sam clicking away on his laptop, so at least he was helping now. It was a small measure of relief, but not much.
“You two need to get married. Today.” Dean snorted at her suggestion and then watched for her to crack, surely she was kidding. She didn’t, she held her ground and looked at him dead on.
"Fuck." The exasperation leaves him loudly, echoing above the extractor fan doing its best to clear the smoke from dinner. "No onions then," he mumbles to himself. He tosses the pan in the sink.
Cas had just offered him both his friendship, and a place to belong. He’d used the word ‘home’; Dean hadn’t had anything close to one of those since he hugged Bobby goodbye and headed out the door for basic training over twenty years ago. He had doubted that he’d ever get to have one again. Dean was still wary and had way more questions than answers. Cas was right about his alternatives though, it wasn’t much of a life, but it was his. And he wasn’t keen to spend the rest of it alone and running.
“Naomi Novak I presume? Cas told me about you, can’t say it’s a pleasure. By the way, you’re on speakerphone.”
“I am not sorry that it happened if it means that we are here now though.  This, you here with me is already more than I had ever hoped, and I’m not going anywhere. Ever again.” He ran his thumb down along the line of Dean’s jaw, and around to rub it across his bottom lip. An intimate gesture that Dean accepted and encouraged in return by parting his lips just enough to quickly dart his tongue out lick the pad, following it with a feather-light kiss.  Cas choked back a loan groan and his pupils blew wide and dark.
Castiel can tell that the high of dinner and gift-giving is starting to die down, leaving Dean tired and his movements slowed. He’s not sure if Dean will be able to concentrate on a movie right now, but he’s not opposed to the man putting his focus on scrolling endlessly through Netflix while Castiel gets his own gift. It might be much smaller than the easel Dean had to drag out of their bedroom closet huffing-and-puffing, but it’s not any less meaningful, and Castiel is giddy with excitement for Dean to unwrap it.
“Thanks, Sam, just be patient, all of your questions will be answered in a minute.” She grinned and winked at him.
“Yes, James. I need to be honest with you and trust that you will take care of me.” Dean looked down at the table instead of meeting Castiel’s gaze; his leg was bouncing under the table again. Another tell: he fidgeted when he felt vulnerable.
“I’m sure, Cas. Beyond sure.” Dean leaned in and kissed him. It wasn’t forceful. It wasn’t compelled by magic. It was gentle and sweet and full of promise. “I mean it, I love you. I think I always have.”
“Don’t give me all the credit, I had nothing to do with those men in the panel van. I’m still working on figuring out who’s responsible for that.”
By now Dean had crossed his arms across his chest, subconsciously trying to protect himself from his own words.  He’d stopped looking at Cas while he spoke, staring at the floor instead.  Thinking something about yourself was one thing, but speaking the words out loud left him feeling incredibly vulnerable.  He continued.
“Pass me the phone when it rings, please.” As if his words were magic, the screen on his phone lit up. It was definitely his mother’s number. Charlie slid the phone over, he went to pick it up and walk away, but Dean stayed his hand.
He was tempted to say more than that but held his tongue. His body seemed content at the moment to stay in place and he didn’t want to rock the boat. He was still scrambling to figure out the best way out of this mess and he’d gladly accept a broken nose in exchange.
“And you Dean, did you even stop for two seconds to think what it felt like for me to drive the whole way here thinking I was coming to burn your body? You texted the coordinates and said goodbye like it was nothing, like I meant nothing. You’re my brother Dean and you didn’t consider how you were doing might affect me? Like I was only going to care about driving here to get your car? That was all kinds of messed up.”
An hour later they were seated in an older diner booth, ancient red vinyl patched with duct tape and old country music playing in the background. The window by their seat overlooked the parking lot and quiet highway out front. The Formica tabletop was clean, and they were waiting for the light meal they had ordered.
“Wanna bring me up to speed first, Charles? I haven’t got a clue what you’re talking about.” And honest to God, he didn’t. They’d talked last night before his committee meeting and everything had been great, he had no idea what could have happened.
He looked up at Dean and gave him his first genuine smile of the evening, partially to reassure him and partially to see how he was going to respond.
The knots in Sam’s stomach released once more, Cas was going back to the bunker. What a fucking relief. “Thank you Cas, you won’t be sorry.”
“I will be keeping my eye on you, congressman. It seems that you are both well-read, and well connected.”
Dean follows him to the bathroom and Castiel gets out the tweezers and the first aid kit, reaching for the lighted magnifying lens next. This was not the first incident involving glass and it sure had come in handy over the years.
Sam didn’t say anything.  He knew what was coming and he knew he couldn’t stop it.  He could only stay silent and hope Dean wouldn’t do what they both knew was going to happen next. Dean breathed quietly into the phone for maybe ten seconds although it felt longer.
They were both wearing charcoal pants and vests with white shirts underneath. Dean had a matching charcoal tie while Cas was wearing a bowtie. The only pop of color came from their boutonnieres that Dean had ordered as a surprise, blue thistle, and eucalyptus to match both of their eyes.
“I don’t think that what I want really matters.” That was an honest answer, and about as much as Dean was ready to admit to.
“Sam!? Where are you? Phone!” Walking over, he approached the pile of cell phones. He couldn’t not answer, someone might be in trouble. But Sam was nowhere in sight. Must be out for a run, he thought, running his hand across the pile until came across the one that was ringing. ‘FBI’ was written in bold letters and taped across the back, ‘Kaiser’ in slightly smaller letters underneath. He flipped it open and put it to his ear.
“Seriously Dean, get a hold of yourself. Losing your shit is not going to help.”  Sam pulled the chair out next to Cas at the table and motioned for Dean to sit. He acquiesced but stayed rigid with tension. They’d all have to tread carefully.
“You got about three seconds before I kick your ass Cas, spit it out.” All three off them knew Cas wasn’t letting him go, Dean was just posturing.
Cas looked happy, in his element even. It must have done him well to see a friendly face. With the lull in the conversation, he apparently took it upon himself to keep things rolling.
“No, because someone with your skill set is already a welcome addition to my life. I don’t know exactly how it happened so fast, or why it feels so right, but it does.” Dean swallowed nervously, he wasn’t prone to broad romantic gestures or chick-flick moments, but sometimes you had to take one for the team. He looked at Cas, hoping that he could see what Dean was probably going to screw up trying to say. “You fit. You fit with my family, you fit with my lifestyle, you fit with me. I wanna try, I wanna really try to make this thing work.”
“Yeah, sorry Dean, I lost my cool. I shouldn’t have pushed like that. But it’s true, you know that, right? Nobody cares what you do, or who you do it with? In fact, after everything we’ve lost, I’d be thrilled if you and C—” He’d almost slipped but stopped when Dean flinched. “I’d be thrilled if you two were finally together.”
“You may come when you are ready.” He removed his hand and replaced it with his mouth, leaning down and taking him all in again. Liquid fire ran through Dean’s veins and he felt familiar tendrils of tension start to curl in his lower body.
“From what I’ve read about you, as well as the brief time we’ve spent together, I know that you are an inherently good man. Right down to your core, it’s obvious, you are worthy and worth knowing.”
“I previously met Ambassador Niebrand at a fundraiser hosted by the embassy. He was just asking me where I learned to speak German and I was explaining that I had the chance to pick up a few languages from my friends when I attended private school.”
Cas smiled back, reached across the bed, and squeezed Dean’s hand.  There was no tension in his expression and the look of adoration shining in his eyes had Dean second-guessing his decision to leave the room. “I will make the coffee and something to eat, you get cleaned up.”
Dean studied him for a moment, he had an idea about what was on Cas’s mind and decided that the conversation to go with it would probably take the enjoyment out of the meal. Cas had gone out of his way to do something nice for him and he wasn’t going to ruin it with something that could wait an hour. “Well, let’s talk about that after.  This dinner is awesome and so are you.  If we weren’t already married, I’d propose again.”
“Stop it! Put those down, what are you thinking? Rowena may have been our friend, but she was still a witch. You can’t trust anything in here to be safe. You know better, Dean.”
This chapter is pretty long, but I just couldn't feel a natural break.  It all needed to flow together.
Stomach twisting into knots, Dean tries to put it out of his mind for a moment, turning back to the onions, now blackened and stuck to the bottom of the frying pan.
*C: Vy musíte byť veľvyslankyňa Horváthová, ďakujem za kompliment, hoci som radšej, keď ma označujú za atraktívneho, než za pekného. Nemali by ste veriť všetkému, čo čítate v novinách, napokon, ak by všetko, čo bolo napísané, bola aj pravda, potom sa, keď sa toto skončí, vrátite späť do Ľubľany. ( You must be Ambassador Horváthová, thank you for the compliment although I prefer to be called handsome over pretty. I would not believe everything I read in the papers, after all, if everything printed were true, then your country really is responsible for > you are going to return back to Ljubljana once this is over.)
Dean stood up after the car left, brushing his hands on his pant legs. Castiel didn’t move, still invisible, the spot gave him a clear vantage point over both the parking lot and the alley.  Silently he watched the younger Dean pull his jacket together against the cold and start walking.  Presumably, in the direction of the motel they were staying in.
Heavy-hearted, but also feeling a bit better, Dean ran a hand over his face and sat on the edge of the bed waiting for the addled by sleep feeling to clear. He came here to find the manuscript. If Cas had taken it, this was the only place it could be.  Looking around the room again, he searched for the old tome.  It was not obviously on display anywhere.  Maybe one of the drawers?  Reaching over he opened the bedside table to find an old Walkman and a copy of National Geographic magazine with the cover article being about bees.  Fucking bees, Dean smiled and remembered the time Cas had appeared ON his car, covered in them.  The weirdo had always been fascinated by them.  Picking up the Walkman, he placed the headphones on and hit play.  It wasn’t a surprise to hear Zepplin, stopping the music and opening the cassette slot he confirmed that this was the mixtape he’d made for him.  Dean smiled again and wiped a stray tear.  This at least was a good memory.
Duffle back on the table again, he left his bedroom and headed towards the kitchen to have a little bit of the strawberry smoothie Sam had left in the fridge. Strawberry sunshine, he’d called it. Whatever was in it tasted pretty good. Along the way, he heard a cellphone start to go off in the collection by the library. Probably Claire or another hunter somewhere giving out their cards while they tried to pass themselves off as Feds.
“Don’t say his name. We can talk, but don’t say it okay?” This time Dean was pale and seemed more defeated than angry. The details of his circumstances finally sinking in.
Dean turned his head to answer him and stopped cold, Cas watched the other man’s eyes rake over him. Sam watched his brother who was seemingly at a loss for words, and Charlie dropped the pen in her hand and spoke what the three were likely all thinking.
“Is it my turn now?  Because if it is, I want you to pay very close attention Dean.”  He was still holding Dean so he couldn’t escape his gaze although the intensity itself would have pinned a lesser man to the spot anyway.  Dean nodded slowly, green eyes not wavering.
“Vy musíte byť veľvyslankyňa Horváthová, ďakujem za kompliment, hoci som radšej, keď ma označujú za atraktívneho, než za pekného. Nemali by ste veriť všetkému, čo čítate v novinách, napokon, ak by všetko, čo bolo napísané, bola aj pravda, potom sa, keď sa toto skončí, vrátite späť do Ľubľany.”
“I know I’ve been a lot lately. You’ve been taking care of me and—” Dean must feel Castiel starting to say something, deny it, reassure him, because he squeezes where his hands are on Castiel’s hips. “You
Castiel had his own cursory shower and joined Dean in the bedroom where he was perfectly positioned and waiting. Arms under him and legs spread, he’d done exactly as asked.
“You already know that we don’t use our real names, but you can call me ‘James’ when we are together and talking like this. However, when we are scening I prefer to be addressed more formally. How do you feel about calling me ‘Sir’?” This was another instance where he was watching for more than just a verbal response. Dean’s whole body tensed and any residual blush was lost when the man went pale.
Time to flip that dynamic, he lowered his voice and tried again, tapping into his grace ever so slightly so his voice would project.
“Turn off your ringer, even though no one should have your private number. When we get back, we’re going to have a long talk about exactly what’s been going on and you are going to tell us the truth. It’s the only way we can help you, Dean. Otherwise, Charlie is right, it’s all over.” He followed Charlie into the kitchen leaving Dean alone with the paper.
“Michael, I am going to send you a link about positions. Before we meet again, I want to you read, practice, and memorize all 11. For today, I’m going to teach you the first one, ‘present’. Every time we start a scene, we are going to start with you in the ‘present’ position. Normally, that means I want to see you with your eyes down, naked, kneeling on a pillow with your knees apart, hands palm up on your thighs. Do you understand?”
“Okay, you’re going west on 213. I hate to tell you, Dean, but there are probably a dozen different intersection roads up ahead. And those roads spread out from there. How far ahead of you is he?”
“Well, you do an ok cover of Don Henley, but I’m more interested in that fire you need me to put out.” Cocky bastard grinned at him, knowing that he was embarrassing him further.
Please, friend. Dean could translate that easily enough. He couldn’t remember a time in his adult life that he wasn’t lonely. He just chalked it up to life in their line of work. The price of his career had been his faked death to protect family and a long string of shitty motels and safehouses. He didn’t have friends because making friends was a luxury he could never afford.
At arm’s length now, he could see the watery blue eyes looking down, not at him. He’d been crying long enough for twin trails to be running down his cheeks, and the bottom lip that Dean had been worrying and nibbling at just a few moments ago quivered with another quiet sob.
Bitterly disappointed, he put his back to the door and let himself slide to the floor. Hands in his hair, not caring about the blood, he slouched down while hot tears coursed down his cheeks.  Dean sobbed, the pain at this moment was sharp and nobody was here to see it anyway.
The last item was the token, and while Cas had left him everything else, he was a little unsure about what he was supposed to use for this.  It’s not like they celebrated birthdays and holidays.  He wished to himself now that they had.  Cas had deserved to experience those things, if this worked, he’d make sure the angel would.  Dean looked around the cabin, technically the whole thing was a token since Cas left it for him but that wasn’t helpful in this instance.  He walked over to check the bookshelf for ideas, and then it hit him, if ever there was a token of their relationship it was the mixtape. It would be destroyed in the spell, but Dean could either make a new one for Cas, or he wouldn’t be needing it anyway.
Which worked out great, because Dean was done with Cas’s too. Don’t let the door hit you in the ass on your way out.
“Sometimes. I’d never...do that again, but yeah sometimes I feel it when things get a little...overwhelming.” Castiel couldn’t see his face, he was still behind Dean on the floor. Or at least he was, he stretched up quickly and moved around front, seeking and capturing Dean’s averted eyes.
The early sun was shining through the trees and everything was covered by the dappled morning light. It was peaceful here, incredibly so. He soaked in the beauty of it and let his feet chew up the miles as he ran strictly for the pleasure of it. His mind wandered to all of the things he had planned for today, and then to Dean Winchester. Although to be honest the green-eyed man hadn’t left his thoughts since they’d met a few days ago. What he wouldn’t give to have met him under different circumstances. He’d genuinely liked Dean from the moment they’d met and had felt an easy connection with him.
A horrifying set of tumblers locked into place, icy fear gripped his heart as he put two and two together.
Castiel was unprepared for the sickening punch in his gut to see Dean cock his head and smile at a much older man who approached him after exiting the restaurant. Looking more like a child than an adult, he ran his hand down the older man’s arm and nodded towards the alley in invitation.  The trucker easily let himself be led into the dark alley and out of sight.  He felt ill, and completely helpless to stop it.  Having come here for John, he couldn’t risk changing the events of the evening before the right time.   All he could do was head into the restaurant and wait.
“What do you want me to say, Sammy? I messed up.” Looking at that picture pretty much closed the door on whatever faint hope he had that they could spin their way out of it. “Should we just draft my resignation and be done with it?”
“Dean, if you forget everything else we discuss in the next few minutes remember this: I love you. I have loved you from the very moment I pulled your soul out of hell and nothing that has happened between us ever has or ever will change that.  I have lived for millennia and if I live for millennia more I will never stop loving you.  Do you understand this?”
Cas leaned in and kissed him, it was firm and possessive with a hint of promise. Dean melted into it.
And before Dean could reach towards him, or utter a single word, Cas drew his arm back and hit Dean square in the face with a solid right cross.
Dean squeezed his hand in a reassuring gesture and looked at Cas with compassion and kindness. Two things he’d rarely experienced from his own family.
“You have to relax, Dean.” He whispered, the camera clicked and Cas thought it probably would look like he was speaking endearments. “I need you to let go and just be with me, ok? I’ll take care of the rest.”
Exactly nothing was going to be gained by dwelling on what he couldn’t change, if Cas wanted him to have a cabin, he was damn well going to use it.  Breakfast had been hours ago, might as bring in his gear and the food rations.  They were something at least.  On the way to the car, he detoured towards the small lake first, wanting to take a look before the sunset.  His boots crunched on the pebbled shoreline.  There were no other buildings along the lakeshore that Dean could see, no other cabins, no noise other than the birds, the breeze, and the gentle lapping of quiet waves on the shore.  He really was in the middle of nowhere.
“Oh, maybe you should have led with that Sam, it would have been quicker. But I am glad you told me everything else.”
He made one long cut across his palm and watched the blood flow into the bowl mixing with the rest of the contents.  The blood and grace mixed together and flowed around the feather and tape in a clockwise motion although he hadn’t stirred anything.  The liquid seemed to pick the iridescence off of the feather when it came into contact and swirled into a shimmering fluid that expanded within the bowl, absorbing Dean’s blood as it fell.  The edges where it came into contact with the bowl glowed with the same blue that lit up Castiel’s eyes when he was fully charged and ready to smite. His heart skipped a beat, it had to be working.
The morning sun shone through the bedroom window and hit Dean in the face, making sleep impossible. Squinting in the brightness, he grabbed the pillow and pulled it over his head trying to block the light out so he could sleep just a little longer.  The sound of someone rattling in the kitchen and the smell of coffee pulled at the threads of his sleep-addled mind and he bolted upright with the awareness that something was not right.  The sigil, Cas, the fact that Dean had been sure that they were both goners. Were they, he wondered, was this what Jack had thrown together for him as an afterlife?
“Uh, Cas.” Tone more serious, she broke the spell with the interruption. “I’ve been watching both of your phones all day, and they’re going crazy, but you’ve got this one number that’s been calling every ten minutes like clockwork”
Speaking of which, they were on a tight schedule. He towel-dried his hair and tried his best to comb it into some semblance of order. It would have to do. No time to shave, but he knew it was a good look on him. Dressed and ready, he headed back into the main area where everyone else was waiting.
“I told him to get lost, then the spell made me kiss him, and then he…well, and then I realized he was crying, and he said some stuff and left.” And that was as quick and clinical as he could make it.
“Forever then, awesome.” Castiel remembers the rectangular box with Dean’s present, now lying forgotten on the table. But now was not the time to give it to him. “Let’s get you all bandaged up. Come on.”
“And who, may I ask, is this?” The cold fury literally seeped out of the phone and could be felt by everyone around the table. It hadn’t taken rocket science for any of them to figure out that she’d been talking about the deceased brother mentioned in the paper even if Dean was the only one who knew the story.
He figured he could get something to eat later, if he was hungry, and he knew for a fact that the overly packed duffle had some protein bars stored in the pockets. He booked a motel room and bought a six-pack from the gas station. It was a small wonder that he let himself. He thought for a second that maybe the spell had been broken because of it, but when he tried to test it by unsuccessfully grabbing for some beef jerky and a pack of cigarettes, he learned that everything was still in play.
“When I give you instruction, you will acknowledge me with your voice as well as your obedience. Do I make myself clear?”
“Cas, I’m not asking you to just accept everything the way it is, like I already said, Dean needs help.  He drinks too much, he makes dangerous decisions, he’s angry.  But he’s hurting and he’s lost, and I know that he wants to be with you because the only reason I am even here right now is because Dean asked me to leave the bunker so he could be alone…with you.”
Cas leaned in for a brief kiss but otherwise didn’t respond. They sat thoughtfully in the quiet room with the only noise coming from the sipping of the coffee and the gentle hum of the heating system. It was nice just being. Being
“I mean really, after everything, all these years. Apocalypse and end times, defeating Chuck, travelling to different worlds together.  Fighting by our sides, BOTH of our sides, pretty much raising Jack as family together, all of that and NOW you are going to bail?  Without a goodbye? That hurts man. I thought we were family, honorary Winchester and all that.”  This first ball had been thrown, now to see if Cas would throw it back.  Cas just stared at him with those blue eyes of his, damn, no wonder he and Dean would have those long staring contest which pretty much looked like eye sex to anyone watching.  Sam was straight and still he found them captivating.  Dean never stood a chance with Cas looking at him like that.
As soon as they got into the car Cas started the engine and headed directly out of town as fast as the speed limit would allow. He didn’t slow down and he didn’t ask Dean where they needed to go to collect his things.
The call ended, they continued driving down the quiet highway for another twenty minutes when Dean saw what he hoped would be his saving grace. A large billboard announcing the last food, gas, and rest stop for the next hundred miles. He had to pull off, Baby wouldn’t make it that far, he wouldn’t be able to deny himself that, and maybe, finally, he could let Cas go.
“Where’s Castiel?” asks Dean furiously. A part of him scolds himself, it’s not like Castiel has treated him any better than this man but even so Dean really wishes that Castiel was here now. Something about this man, the things he has said… Dean just knows instinctively, he is in serious danger.
Subconsciously, Dean smooths his tongue over his own teeth. Grimacing as he thinks how painful that must have been for Castiel.
Ten hours later. Castiel returns to the bedroom. Dean’s sleeping in a wet patch of his own making and Castiel wakes him gently. Dean’s eyes fill with tears again as he looks up at Castiel.
Types out message. Deletes. Types out a new message. Deletes… Throws phone across the room... cracks the screen. FUCK.
“You know… I was attracted to you the very first moment I saw you, I desired you instantly… I loved you, from the moment I said no and you started to walk away… I wanted to say no, I wanted to spare you but I couldn’t. Not with
He put his key in the front door and sighed as he suddenly remembered the dinner party he had to go to in a couple of hours.
Castiel and Sam had spoken to the Doctor while the nurses helped Dean, taking out his nasogastric tubes and checking his vitals.
Sam picked up the kids after finishing setting his office up. He smiled as he thanked Dean lifting a shopping bag up and retrieving a large pie from its depths. It was a sweet cherry pie which Dean had nearly ripped from his hands when he saw it. Wanting to spend some quality alone time with his pie, Dean returned to his boat quickly. He devoured the pie greedily, letting out a low moan of pleasure as the first taste touched his tongue. The pie, he found, really hit the spot and his full stomach made him sleepy.
Castiel had tried to turn into the kiss, but Balthazar was already pulling back, he sighed softly "Good Luck. See you on Friday" before closing the front door behind Balthazar. He walked back to the bedroom, feeling a strange sadness. He knew this book deal was important but he could have done with Balthazar’s support this week. He was too crestfallen to seek his usual self relief in the shower and just washed quickly before drying off on his big fluffy towel and getting dressed to go to work.
His mind starts to play tricks on him, imagining Castiel’s hands on his skin, his breath ghosting over his neck. Shuddering he shakes his head trying to will away the all too real arousal that is steadily building and ignoring his silent pleas to go away, that this is wrong… The buzzing increased again and he gasps as his cock swells and slaps up against his stomach.
“Oh, don’t worry, I’m not killing you just yet… There is something you need to see first.” Balthazar unlocks the other cuff at Dean’s wrist, letting it fall away from him and hang down uselessly from the bed. Grabbing the chains between Dean’s wrists, Balthazar hauls him up from the bed and onto his feet. Dean flinches at the pain as the cuffs are pulled tightly against his already raw wrists.
Now he had simply asked if Castiel thought that going home with... let's face it - a stranger - drunk, was a good idea and he was right, it wasn't... And yet he had snapped at him. He'd been downright cruel. Suddenly the weight of everything he had lost recently hit him. He looked at himself in the mirror, seeing the tears forming in his eyes and unable to stop them. He went into an empty toilet stall and closed the door, not wanting to be seen drunkenly crying in a bathroom, like some teenage girl.
Dean left work that day feeling glum. Castiel had been on his mind since he’d left Meg’s cafe and he didn’t know how to help him when it seemed that he might be part of what was getting him down. He decided to walk back to his boat, wanting time to try and clear his head and think…
Dean felt the words hit him like winter, icy and dark. They crawled into his ear, slithered down his neck and skipped along his spine, sending tingles of shuddering dread through his body.
Now, months later, it was Christmas Eve and he was listening to the tape Dean had labeled ‘Merry Christmas to my Angel’. He had never missed Dean more, he just wanted to curl up in bed with him, to hear him breathing softly next to him, to trace his fingers over his skin and count those beautiful freckles that littered Dean’s shoulders. He wanted to smell Dean’s homely scent, breath in deeply at his husbands neck and just bask in his warmth.
Dean is so fucking sexy. I can’t believe this is happening. I CAN’T BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING!!! Is this to fast tho?
Googling gardening for beginners… Really? You could have bought a BBQ… You could have built a bench… hey… That’s actually a good idea… Then you’d have a reason to sit on your front too…
"You OK?" Charlie was stood with Garth taping up one of the last boxes, looking at Castiel with such pity, that it made him look away with shame.
If anyone notices anything that they think I should have tagged, that I haven't please leave me a comment and let me know.
Another vampire charges at him and Castiel quickly raises his angel blade to slash at the vampire attacking him, narrowly avoiding the razor-sharp teeth as the vamp lunges for his neck, snapping his fangs and spitting blood from his snarling mouth.
Dean held up his hands, "Look I am not trying to sound like a dick, but I'm twenty-four, I know what I look like and it ain't half bad and I have been single for over a year... But hey man... Your loss." He turns and starts walking away and although that had been Castiel's plan... To spare this beautiful creature from... well, himself, now seeing this man moving away he knew he couldn't allow him to escape, something primal and possessive had sparked to life inside him and he just knew he needed Dean. He had to have him.
“I won’t be scared out of my own house, no. Thank you though, really. But yes, Friday. You’re still coming here?”
Sam rolled his eyes "Well this has been a fun night Dean, but clearly, our plans have been canceled, I think I'm just going to go home and see if Jess is still up"
"In case you didn't get the message last night, let me make this very clear" Called Castiel uncaring of who heard or saw "YOU DON'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE. Now FUCK OFF. You're ruining my first day of freedom"
'Hello. Sorry I didn't reply sooner. To be honest I was moving out of my girlfriends - well my exe’s. I hope your offer to let me vent to you still stands? Even though we ended it on reasonably good terms it's still been difficult to wrap my head around it. Someone asked us at the party if we had plans to get married and we both just knew - it was over. So, I hope you have had a better day? - Win67'
"You fucking bastard!" He heard Balthazar shout and turned to see Balthazar's fist connect with the side of Garth's face, Garth dropped to the ground as Jo squealed. Castiel moved towards Garth to help Jo pull him up, as Charlie, who was completely losing her shit, moved towards Balthazar, her eyes narrowed with hatred, she drew back her arm and slapped him hard, right across his cheek.
The Lords, were actually a hell of a lot easier than he’d thought. The elderly men were little trouble and once settled in the garage with a cup of tea and a comfortable chair, several of them fell asleep. There wasn’t going to be much ‘leaping’ but Castiel reasoned that having them should be enough. A couple of them got a little excited by some of the cars, marvelling in delight at the Men of Letters vintage automobiles, not leaping, but close enough as far as Castiel was concerned.
“Oh, and that delivery came yesterday. Do you want me to keep it for you for now or bring it to the boat? I’d need help to lift it, the box is really heavy.”
Castiel had had a busy morning. Organising the display window with his friend - and assistant - Charlie. This month the theme was Harry Potter and for it, they draped a velvety purple blanket over the bookcase that was in front of the window - doubling up as the display stand. They had placed several copies of the books on it as well as at least a dozen of those tiny LED candle tea lights that flickered to look like the real thing. A couple of cute stuffed owls, a boxed wand, that was open and leaning forward so it could be seen from outside. They hung a string of 'Hogwarts acceptance letters' across the window and at the very front of the display the - pièce de résistance - a full-size nimbus 2000 broomstick. Charlie had then sprinkled some silver glitter over the whole display, claiming it would 'add a little magic' when she'd noticed Castiel's frown at the sudden appearance of the 'dreaded glitter'.
He pulled his new book 'Swallows and Amazons' towards him and settled back into his pillow, delving right back into a childhood favourite. A few minutes later, he was halfway through the first chapter when he heard the tell-tale 'ping' from his laptop and looked up over his book at the screen.
The door opened again and everyone looked up to see the doctor coming back into the room, he looked up and chuckled. "You certainly are popular aren't you?"
The first thing Dean noticed about the quaint little bookstore, as he stepped through the door and held it open for the kids to pace inside under his arm, was the lingering smell of delicious bacon. He inhaled deeply, scanning the store to see where the teasing scent was coming from, he had already taken the kids to dinner already and had tried to set a good example; they had all had sandwiches with salad and not sweets, but now he really craved bacon...
When Dean Winchester had first met her, there was no denying he had found her blunt honest manner and controlling way of steering a conversation to where she wanted it to go a massive turn on. She had kept him in check and he had allowed her to satisfy her need to be the boss. They had started out hot and heavy and things had been great.
“I’m sure Charlie is better at relationship advice than me, but just be sincere. Jo’s lovely and you are so good together, I think she’ll say yes.”
"I'm fine," Said Castiel waving off Sam's concern. He turned and walked away, toward the room the Winchester's had told him was his own... Was it still? Did he still belong here...
“I’ve no idea Dean, all I know is that he’s been sacked, probably the drinking? Lilith said he ‘lost the plot’. Honestly, I don’t think the guys playing with a full deck at this point.” Said Lisa
OMG OMG OMG fucking breath Dean. It's ok...  You did it. You actually had a conversation with hot guy! Or should I say Castiel?
name.” He praised the unconscious man, “I think I’m finally getting through to you, aren’t I, my love?”
'I just reached my front door, it's unlocked, I think he might be here. Would you phone me in ten minutes and if I don't answer... call the police? I hate to ask but honestly after last night... I'm freaking out a little, sorry about this Dean'
And then, of course, Dean’s whole life burns down and Castiel has to offer to help him. Dean is his friend and Dean has done a lot for him and if it truly was Balthazar that had started the fire… All the more reason for Castiel to offer his help… Not to mention that he really didn’t want to be alone and having Dean there, just in the next room made him feel much safer than had he been here alone. In fact, if Dean hadn’t agreed to stay here with him, Castiel wasn’t sure he would have come back so soon.
Castiel closed his eyes a tear escaped and rolled down his face "You have nothing to be sorry for Garth, I'm sorry he treated you like that” He stood up, feeling numb “Can we leave please..."
They all lifted their first shot, downed it and slammed the shot glass down upside down on the table and moved quickly onto the second, downing the drink in the same manner.
"Deans," Said Charlie instantly through bloody teeth with an arm hung around Meg to support herself “Balthazar…” She pointed to her own face and then to Garth’s and Meg’s eyes went wide with shock.
But then Dean was the one with his hand on his dick, Castiel had an erection, sure but that happens sometimes when men - especially horny teenages lying next to their crush - sleep. He wasn’t really ‘at fault’ here and he really didn’t think what Dean was doing was wrong or bad… It was insanely hot.
Castiel watched helplessly as Dean was dragged away. Shaking and nauseous, Castiel turned away from the fence to look back at the tree. He ran his fingers through his hair and cursed their recklessness as he tried to come up with a way to help Dean. He had to get him out, had to save him, had to hold him until the pain stopped and whisper his ‘I love yous’ as Dean fell asleep, safe and cared for in his arms.
Dean looked at him, his eyes burning with heat, his hands already dropping to Castiels pants, fumbling wildly at his zip, "You made your point, okay? I get it." He said as a cold hand reached into Castiel's boxers, gripping his already half hard dick and starting to jerk it.
“No, we can afford three more people Sam and it’s coming up to Christmas, you know it will be busier then, who better to hire than people who need jobs and already know the business?”
“You,” says The Empty and Castiel watches as his own face forms before his eyes, staring back at him, tilting his… it’s head to one side…
Castiel looked at him again, seeming to be trying to figure him out "Why are you being so kind to me? I spoke to you like shit at that dinner the other evening. I was unforgivably rude"
Castiel takes several steps backward, trying to put some distance between himself and his ex “Balthazar, just leave”
Dean doesn’t respond and Castiel smiles softly at him before turning his attention back to the hospital rooms small television set as the door to the room opened.
Hey Cas. Hope you’re doing alright? Was wondering if you wanted to meet up or go out again some time? x
"Well... I'll see you on Friday then, I'll let you know when I get there" Said Balthazar leaning forward and pecking Castiel's cheek quickly.
There is a slightly strange moment that passes between them, Dean stood staring at Castiel hugging two fluffy pillows in his arms, Castiel staring back at Dean with his bag in his hand… and not too far from them… the kingsize bed. Dean’s eyes flick to Castiel’s lips and away again quickly, he clears his throat…
Castiel gave Dean a sad smile, “I thought this would make it easier for you? If I didn’t touch you or talk to you? I thought it would help.”
A name scribbled on a whiteboard catches his eye, ‘Winchester’. He knows he should leave, he should get far away, but the room number is right there, and he craves to see Dean more than he desires his own freedom… Making the decision he heads not for the exit… but toward that room…
Castiel, Charlie, Garth, and Jo were all sat at a table in 'The Triangle' drinking and talking about Garth and Jo's first date.
Yes, Castiel felt a little shit about using Luke as a prop in this 'game' with Dean, but... this was Dean-in-denial-Winchester, desperate measures were required.
"James," said Castiel shaking Dean's hand. In Castiel’s mind, this… touching Dean. Was his claim. His scent was on Dean now, he’d marked him. He’d claimed him, his eyes flick down to their joined hands for a moment before he releases Dean from his grip.
"Going to take them on the boat for the morning. Then will come back for lunch, how long do you need?" asked Dean.
"Ok, don't even try and tell me you don't see me and you like Will and Grace. Apart from me liking the ladies - it's totally us!"
Castiel closes his eyes as he pushes the door open, this might be the last time he ever sees Dean and a part of him knows that really, he should eliminate the threat to himself… But could he really bring himself to kill Dean?
Their fingertips cling to the wretched fence which separates their lives, as their tongues explore each other's mouths. It’s a rushed and anguished kiss, that has each of them groaning. Resting their foreheads together through the wire and breathing in each other's warmth, their eyes meet and lock.
Castiel puts the pad down on his desk, he downs the last of his third bottle and he places it beside the bed. He brings out his angel blade, a tear falls from his eye as he thinks about his deal with the empty... He knows where he is going, to a place with no Dean, with no family... With nothing.
"Exactly," said Castiel, sounding smug, "I'll give him an hour or so to reply and then tell him my friend sent that message and apologize for her - inappropriate behavior."
Dean tried to think, but his ass was heating up with prickly pain, then it came to him. “For me to be happy.” Dean internally rolled his eyes, ‘Do I fucking look happy?’.
At exactly the same moment, their eyes meet and they lean into the fence, pressing against it until their faces have indents of red from the wire. Their lips find each other and part to deepen the already heated and desperate kiss. They murmur against each other's skin, as they struggle to embrace thanks to that infuriating wrought iron fence.
Castiel sighed, "As I say, he's been working a lot. Yes, I wish he was at home more, I wish we spent more time together, it seems like forever since we talked properly… but it’s just a patch, we can get through it."
“That’s not good enough, Dean wouldn’t just disappear, something has happened to him.” Sam says angrily, he rubs his hands over his face in frustration, “Please…”
You are totally blushing. Oh mon dieu, you’re shy? Seriously, all this time I thought you were just being a miserable fucking dick… well, a miserable asshole. I can’t believe this.
"Uh fuck, Dean..." Castiel jutted up into him, it wasn't perfect, it was kind of clumsy and an awkward angle but it was still him and Dean and would forever be his favorite memory... "Fuck, Dean. Are you going to come? Come for me?"
He logged into his Match.com profile and smiled to himself as he saw that he had a new message from 'Shopboy'... After reading it he clicked reply and began his message.
"Bye guys, be good. And look after your uncle for me OK?" said Sam, hugging them both quickly before getting back into his car, beeping and driving away.
'Happy Thanksgiving... If you have plans for wooing Cas, start soon. I don't know how much longer I can keep your secret, I feel bad for keeping it from him but I want him to be happy and I think you could make him happy.'
Castiel turned to look at Garth “I’m so pleased for you, I needed some good news today, this is great”
Castiel looks at his brother pleadingly, “I’m in love, so I guess that does make me a little crazy.” says Castiel, adding determinedly, “I’ve never felt like this about anyone before, Gabriel. Dean is…”
Even though he wanted to go home, it was becoming almost normal to be here now and he couldn’t work out when he had started to feel relieved at seeing Castiel come through the bedroom door. He reasons that it must have been during the week after he’d called Castiel a monster. Castiel had returned that day, as promised, with his breakfast, he’d untied one of Dean’s ropes from the bed frame and allowed Dean to feed himself.
"The ice," Dean looks up as Castiel, also naked comes through the bedroom door, walking toward him. His cock is straining upward. Castiel continues to explain, "I dissolved some Rohypnol into a glass of water and then froze it into ice cubes. I find it’s much less noticeable than dropping a drug into a drink. Wouldn't you agree?"
And slowly… again. Again. Again. In in innnnn… Ohhh, fuck I can’t breathe. Out again! - deep breath - and INNNNNNNNN. YES. Past the goalie and right to the back of the net…
“Well, On Sunday morning he messaged me asking how I was and if I was hungover and stuff… I didn’t reply on Sunday, because well after you left Charlie I went back to bed and then Balthazar and I went to that book launch at The Fantasy Room… Anyway, I replied on Monday morning… that I had been hungover and was feeling better now and that I was avoiding drinking for the foreseeable future and he said something along the lines of, then I guess now wouldn’t be a good time to see if you wanted to meet for a drink?”
Shaking his head, Balthazar delivers his warning. “Happy birthday brother, Sam's bringing you a surprise.” He pushes the button to end the call and runs a finger over his lip thoughtfully. Castiel would get the message, but would he do what needed to be done?
Dude… I warned you what would happen. Now just get a shower and change your bedding like a man… A man who has wet dreams HAHAHA
Castiel smiled happily, thrilled at the idea that he was bringing Dean pleasure, he sped up slightly... "You feel so amazing, Dean."
Balthazar scoffs, 'James' would have just been another kill on his list, another pretty face to fuck and then peel the flesh off but when he’d looked at his driving license and he had seen that the man’s first name was Castiel… He’d realized, Castiel was an angel, just like him… And so his obsession had begun...
"You, Charlie Bradbury - are so predictable sometimes!" he laughed as he walked over to her to see what she had written in the message.
"I told you to get out," he said smirking before turning away and going back into his house. He locked and bolted the door and quickly ran to the bedroom with a big black bin liner. Laughing a little hysterically as he gathered up all Balthazar’s clothes and shoes and toothbrush and anything else he could see that belonged to that pig, he carried the full bag over to the window and pulled it open... looking down on to the street where Balthazar was still sprawled on the pavement... He threw the bag out of the window.. then took the pair of shoes he had been holding back and threw them aiming for and hitting Balthazar in the crotch. He saw Balthazar grunt in pain and wake up.
Charlie nodded, before pulling a thoughtful face and saying "So... Dean Winchester... I wonder if he really did just come in here with his niece and nephew?"
Castiel suddenly felt his stomach twist with a low growl, he had been so hungover this morning he hadn't eaten and he realized as he looked at all the delicious food - he was starving.
Balthazar blinked, frowning slightly, "Oh, that. It must have been last night, some guy slipped into me in the takeaway place and I hit the door frame with my shoulder."
It was Monday morning and Castiel had just finished telling Charlie the events of the night before as they opened up the shop together. He shook his head as he wiped down the counter and till.
The machines around Jack’s bed beeped steadily. Castiel took a deep breath, feeling shaken but not really knowing why… maybe he’d somehow drifted off and had had a nightmare?
Castiel clips the brake line of Sam Winchester’s car and quickly straightens up. He carefully tucks the pocket knife back into the inside of his coat. He gets back into his car and starts the engine, glancing once again at the vehicle parked next to his with uncertainty.
Dean thought about it and nodded his head slightly “Yeah, I see your point. But you gotta tell Cas. I’ll play along if that’s what he wants…”
Dean wrongly assumes Castiel’s words are a plea to stop, he pauses, seeking out the angel’s gaze once more to make sure he was ok. His lips are red, plump and glistening, parted as his breathy pants suck in much needed oxygen.
Castiel feels those words float through the air towards him and merge into his skin, filling his heart to bursting point, he smiles back at Dean and says, “Well, it’s a good thing because I know I love you, Dean. I have for a while, so hearing you say that… You have no idea what it means to me.”
Castiel licked, kissed and sucked at Dean's beautiful cock for a few minutes, until his own arousal had built up to a demanding screaming need. He released Dean's length with one final kiss to the tip and looked up into Dean's wrecked face, his eyes were hazy with lust and desire and Castiel licked his lips before whispering.
"Yes," Said Castiel turning... somehow even paler "You know what, I think I'll stay at the shop tonight, he doesn't have a key to the shop. I just don’t even want to chance it, you know?”
"No idea, but I really didn't like him being here today, the dude full-on creeps me out." Said Charlie “I don’t know if he would have done anything, but I didn’t feel safe…”
"Have you seen this?" asked Balthazar passing Castiel the newspaper as he passes him when coming out of the bathroom.
Dean doesn’t respond, he runs. He runs and he doesn’t stop to look back. He runs without knowing where he is or where he is going. He manages to keep hold of the towel, it whips out to his side as he hurries through the trees and deeper into the woods.
“That what? I needed your charity?” Said Castiel sounding slightly prickly “Dean, we’re friends right?”
“Can’t help you, not that I would if I could. But Dean’s not here and I would rather eat literal shit, than speak to you, so…” She turned away from him, but he stopped her with a hand on her arm.
“Cas? It’s Dean. Are you in? Got something here for you” Dean listens for a moment, Castiel had told ‘Win67’ he’d be in… but maybe he’d been invited round to Charlie's or Garth's last minute… It was possible. He waits for a few seconds and then turns, thinking he should have called first… Then he hears Castiel…
Castiel is shaking his head as he holds Dean close to him, clutching on to him as though he never wants to let go, staring at him with wide petrified eyes. “Dean… You can’t… can’t leave me… please, please don’t leave me?”
Castiel’s tears fall thick and fast on to Dean’s clothing as he prays for something, for anything to save the most beautiful man he’d ever know, his friend, his love... Dean. “Please, stay with me? I’m begging you, you can’t die.”
By the time he reached ‘home’ he was soaked to the bone, his short hair flattened against his skin and his shoes and socks were waterlogged. He hurried on to his boat so quickly that he didn’t notice the pair of eyes on him as he rushed to get inside and out of the rain.
Dean’s head feels fuzzy, light and heavy at the same time. He can feel James behind him, his lips pressing down into his skin, it feels nice, so Dean closes his eyes.
“Well, you did.” smiled Castiel as he worked Dean’s belt loose. Dean trying to toe off his boots, unsuccessfully, he groans and sits up, tugging angrily at the boot laces before finally freeing them and tossing them across the kitchen, “You smell incredible.”
Castiel shifted as he realized Dean knew very well that Balthazar had called him that behind his back "You know if you weren't Winchester Books and I wasn't Heavens Library... I think we would have been friends" Said Castiel warmly, "I think you won Charlie over tonight either way... She wanted to come and check on you by the way... but her painkillers were making her drowsy and she and the others took a cab and went home"
Gabriel had listened silently, eyes widening in shock as Castiel described how John had beaten his son right in front of his eyes. When Castiel finally finishes, panting a little from his hasty return and the rushed explanation of what had happened, Gabriel speaks, “You’re insane.”
The crowd cheered loudly. Sam and Castiel exchanged worried looks as Gabriel bit his lip to fight a wide smile.
Castiel beamed at him as though Dean had given him a wonderful, “That’s good, sweetheart. I knew you could do it. Soon you’ll see Dean, I’m going to take such good care of you.”
Something about how Dean wants him, makes Castiel’s insides squirm with possessive need and he has to tamper down the desire to just throw Dean in the back of his car and drive away with him.
“He is so very beautiful,” says Balthazar softly, more to himself than Dean as his eyes seem to drink in the image with a soft fondness.
The machine's sudden manic beeping forces his eyes open… Numbers that he doesn’t really understand begin rise and fall on the screens of the noisy machines. All he knows is that something is wrong… He couldn’t heal Jack, he’d… he’d made him worse?
"Of course not. But please let me get you something from Meg's first, or I'll worry that you haven't eaten" Said Castiel grabbing his jacket quickly and heading out the store before he could argue, Garth watched him leave sadly.
"I'll text Balthazar and ask him if he would mind me going out with friends on Friday night then," Said Castiel "You're free on Friday too?" He added looking at Garth.
The apartment is spacious, has two bedrooms. A large bathroom with a shower… and a bath. The ceilings are high and there are large wooden beams going across them that look fantastic. There are low hanging lights from the ceiling that is almost steampunk looking in its design. It’s beautiful, roomy and everything Dean wanted.
Charlie just grinned at him thickly "Hey sexy" She said, Meg rolled her eyes, smiling softly and turned to Castiel.
Just because I fight doesn't mean that I never learned how to love. I did. I love Jack, Sam, Mary... You. It's not the same. I feel things for you that... Well, what does it matter now? Because once again I have failed you. I failed you all. I can only express how deeply sorry I am, for I have no answers. Each and every time I try, I seem to always get it wrong. More reasons to escape it all, it may not be the answer but I can't carry on, my mistakes hurt you, they hurt my family... I won't allow it. Angels were never meant to fall, from heaven to humanity... Emotions are too strong to contain and the pain is like poison inside me. But I tried Dean... I really did try.'
Balthazar glared at her, but before he could say anything a family with small children walked by and Charlie used the distraction to quickly make her exit, looking behind her she saw Balthazar leaving the store looking sour.
“Always,” He whispers to himself as an idea hits him. He grabs his camera and downloads the pictures he has taken of Dean, he’ll add those to the album, editing them of course and he can always take more of him and Dean together.
Sam still has Eileen's phone, so it’s not like he could call her and when they had gone back to her house to look for her, to see if she was back… There was no one there. No sign that anyone had been there. Jack had brought back the whole world… but he hadn’t brought back Dean’s whole world, or Sam’s… and then they had lost him too and despite everything that had happened between them, Dean’s inability to forgive Jack for his mother’s death and consequential attempt to kill him, he’d always still cared, deep - deep down.
‘My store closed a few weeks ago, did I ever tell you that I owed a store? It was a lovely store. I guess I didn’t mention it though as I’ve tried not to go into detail about work as it seems like the kind of personal stuff we weren’t supposed to give away. Anyway, it closed and I was heartbroken and now, this morning, I walked passed it… They are turning it into a GameStop which just depresses me further. The thing is, I’m angry and hurt and I don’t know what to do with that, the reason my store had to close, a man I thought of at first as having a cash register where his heart should be, is actually not the person I had believed him to be. He is becoming a close friend and I feel bad for thinking poorly of him, but also I feel… it would have been easier if he wasn’t such a nice man... Shopboy'
Castiel pulled out with a low groan and was pulling the spent condom from his cock when... they heard a car pull up outside the house Dean and Castiel both froze, as the headlights of the Impala lit up shadows around the room.
Dean could hear his heart pounding in his chest, his blood rushing in his ears. He couldn’t believe he actually did it! He finally acted, squashing his fears as he tilted his head to one side, praising Castiel with his kiss.
"Is everything alright?" He asked looking from Lisa to Castiel to Balthazar. He did a slight double take at the expression on Balthazar’s face, but it was Castiel who spoke.
He tapped his fingernails on the window frame of the back passenger seat, glaring out at the streets they passed by. The sleek black Mercedes E-class, with tinted black windows, rolled smoothly through the streets of New York, pulling up silently outside a nice looking home. The driver got out of the front and opened the back door. John Winchester pushed his stylish sunglasses up his nose as he stepped out of the car, he pulled his collar up against his neck, ok… so he wasn’t particularly young anymore, but he was still pretty fit and… a fucking millionaire. He thanks his driver and walks up the short pathway to the front door of the house and knocks.
Charlie was stood outside Winchester Books. She knew Castiel was OK with her taking a job here, she knew she needed to pay her rent, she knew she was being silly... But as she stood outside the huge store, she felt guilty. A knot was forming in her stomach as she thought about yesterday and how she and Castiel had cleared the last few things from the shop, and how finally the collection van had turned up and removed the old style til. Castiel's eyes had misted over as they boxed it up and took it away. Someone had paid over one thousand dollars for it. Probably more than it was really worth.
Castiel walked down the street his thoughts running wild before he knew it he was walking past ‘Heaven’s Library’, his feet had carried him along that well-worn path to his old store. His eyes burnt as he saw a sign in the window ‘Opening Soon - GameStop‘ His beautiful store was turning into a game shop. His fingertips touched the window frame as despair filled him, he’d failed his mother’s memory, she’d spent her life turning that shop into something special a place where children and adults alike could fuel their imaginations and now it was gone. He jumped slightly as he looked past the sign and saw people moving around inside, they were painting the walls. Blinking out the sadness from his eyes he turned and moved away.
He had asked Sam to go with him, to celebrate a great first day of the shop opening and was just finishing getting changed when he heard Sam knock on the side of his boat.
“Castiel?” Dean’s throat feels clogged with fear and he can barely get the word out. He knows instinctively that whoever is in the room with him, is not Castiel. Castiel’s presence doesn’t feel like this, maybe it had in the beginning, but not now. This felt like someone was playing the highest note of a violin and his nerves were the strings.
Dean smiled softly “Love you too, Lis and when you get a new fella I’ll be sure to call and give you some tips” Dean laughed to let her know he was joking.
A twig on the tree on the other side of the fence snaps. Two feet drop into view from out of the tree, followed by two legs, followed by a torso and finally - Castiel’s beautiful face appears. He drops completely to the ground, landing in a squat at the base of the tree. Like a meerkat he cranes his head up and peers around cautiously, looking for any sign that he’d been spotted. When he saw no one, he looked back at Dean with a small smile and keeping low he quickly strides over to the fence.
They had all been part of his ‘collection’, but he was moving on from that, his new obsession… was Dean. Having these old images actually made him feel guilty, like looking at them was somehow a betrayal to Dean. He pulled out the pictures, replacing them with the happier looking fake life he’d just constructed for himself and Dean. No rope or handcuffs insight, no blood, no paling faces of someone slipping away. Just him and Dean, together.
Castiel leans back and lets his dick slip out from inside of Dean. He walks over to the shelving unit and fumbles behind the sheet of plastic and then returns a few moments later with a cock ring in one hand and an eye mask in the other.
“Yet here you are, waiting for me.” the small smug smile on Dean’s face chips away at some of Castiel's worries and he leans his face into Dean’s touch.
Maybe saving the geese and kidnaping all these people would kind of even out his karma? He’d let the people go again afterwards anyway, so if anything, his karma should be good, right? He decided not to dwell on it, opting instead on finding some dancing ladies.
Balthazar turned and walked away from the shore, away from Dean's boat, back to the shitty flat he'd moved into. He wanted Castiel back and some strange twisted part of him truly believed that Castiel could be his again... If only Dean wasn't in the picture.
With Garth not working weekends, Charlie recovering from a broken nose and Castiel having spent half the night at the hospital with Dean, and then not sleeping well on the pile of cushions on the floor, Saturday was a write-off.
Charlie muttering something about "Not even like I had the usual walk of shame sex the night before"
Thought Castiel. He pressed his forehead against the back of Dean's neck and rolled his hips up, just once. One firm, deliberate roll again Dean’s rump. His fingers caressing over the warm skin of Dean’s chest. Dean would either tell him to get off or...
"I was just talking my niece and nephew out for the day and they wanted to go into your shop, there was no alternate agenda," Said Dean cheeks reddening slightly.
Can’t get that hot dude out of my head… His legs… His chests… His fucking eyes… Jesus. I just wanna run my fingers over his skin and ugh… All that running… Bet his legs can go and go and go…
‘Hello, Dean. I just wanted to thank you again for setting that up with Lisa yesterday, it was very helpful. Cas’
Dean realised that this had been the wrong thing to say, he’d been going for boyish humor, charm, apparently he’d missed the mark completely. The angel was leaning back, away from him. Somehow creating more distance between them again, even though his back was still pressed up against the wall behind him. Scrambling to reassure Castiel, Dean threw caution to the wind and let the secret thoughts that had been bubbling inside him come crashing to the surface.
“That is why he inflicts upon you my pain, you see... my pain is so great that I needed to share it with someone, needed too and now Castiel shares it with you. I can see that he has passed on some of that fear too, I can see it in your eyes, you don't
He can sense someone moving around the room, a nightmarish presence that he may have thought of as ghostly if it wasn’t for the fact that it was all too solid.
He walked into the door… That’s kind of adorable. Don’t mention it though. Don’t let him know you saw him. He is probably just as nervous as you… Right? His heart is probably hammering in his chest too…
“What’s the point of keeping me here, if you aren’t going to talk to me or… or anything.” Dean had started the sentence with confidence but had trailed off, embarrassed, when he realized it was almost like he was asking to be raped.
Castiel stood rooted to the spot. He knew today was going to be hard, he knew to shut the shop was going to get to him, but he also knew that Dean was genuine with his apology and had gone out of his way to hire Garth and Charlie, not to mention punched Balthazar in the face for him... and even turned up to Castiel's house in pajamas to check he was alright.
Annoyed Castiel slammed the plates down on the table, the bottom one cracked and cut into his hand. Even more annoyed now, Castiel walked over to the sink and washed his hand under the sink. He was furious, more with himself now for breaking a plate out of anger. He let the water wash away the blood on his hand and then grabbed a handful of paper towels and held them against his hands until the bleeding stopped. He thought about texting Balthazar back, but he knew he was likely to say something he didn't mean out of anger. So instead he picked up his phone and found Charlie's number, he pressed dial.
Castiel looked at him, thinking 'Balthazar has been screwing some guy behind my back, why shouldn't I let the cute doctor flirt with me'. He knew it was far too soon but
The afternoon brought with it more customers. 'Finally', thought Castiel as people started coming in with their children who had dragged them over to the window to stare in wonder at the racing broomstick.
He frowns and picks the box up, carrying it back inside and putting it on the table just as his phone buzzes in his pocket.
Was he really going to let this gorgeous doctor leave? He glanced at the table where Meg, Charlie, and Dean were stood... He looked at Dean, who seemed to be really focused on pulling the label of his bottle of beer, Benny thought that Dean had been checking him out? Castiel thought back to their conversation in the bathroom... It wasn't possible, was it? That Dean Winchester had a crush... on him?
“Dean, I understand… It’s not the right time… I’m sorry. I think I will just go to bed now, thank you for today… Goodnight”
“You got Cas, too,” says Sam, nudging Dean with his shoulder and sounding far to smug, “‘Bout time .”
Charlie smiled at him sadly "I know, it's just business. Anyway, do you have a story corner set up already or...?"
"Yes. You need to go" sighed Castiel, he understood that this book deal would be important for Balthazar, he just wished he’d had more warning as the timing wasn’t great, "You just better bring me back a huge bar of chocolate"
“Oh no, I mean… Apart from Heaven’s Library… He mentioned to me this morning that he is setting up interviews with three other store owners that were affected by their store opening,” Lisa shook her head “He said he didn’t want families to suffer this Christmas because of him… I told him it was just business and not to take it to heart, but I do see where he is coming from, he just wants to help… It’s very… Dean, of him”
The room was lit by low hanging dim red glass ball light shades, there were several large round wooden tables all covered with fancy linen tablecloths and hot plate mats laden with some of the most mouthwatering looking food Castiel had ever seen. There was a stack of warmed plates next to neat piles of napkins and the knives and folks were tied together with little ribbons and set up for people to help themselves.
"Does Cas know?" She asked quietly, as she looked at him “I mean, he hasn’t said anything so I assumed not, but does he?”
Ohhhhhh fuck. Hot guy is topless. Hot guy is topless. Hot guy is topless. His t-shit is sticking out of the back of his shorts and I am dead… Restarts brain… Today he had earphones in, wonder what he was listening to? Wonder if I should put music on outside… Something… suggestive. Shut up brain.
Castiel looked around at his friends, now guilt mixed in with his rage and it left him feeling ill. He could not believe that Balthazar had done this but then, he wouldn't have thought he was capable of cheating either... turns out he didn't really know the man at all. He walked over to Charlie and looked at her watery eyes, he could see the pain in her expression.
"I know.. I like this guy, we've been talking online for a while, but it has been just friendly talk and he is meeting us here with some of his friends..." Said Dean
Temporarily disarmed by the mere thought of Castiel dying again, Dean frowns but then as understanding dawns, he looks up and a tiny smile breaks on his face, “You’ll be in heaven… with us.”
"True... Which is why I'm not insisting on buying my own drinks..." Charlie smirked at him before grabbing hers and Megs budwiser's from the bar and walking back to the others as Dean paid. Then she came back to help Dean carry the rest of the beers back to the table.
Castiel's thoughts are shaken from his head as Dean begins to move inside him, pulling back and pushing slowly forward again... There is no rhyme to it. Dean quickly becoming wild with lust... When he starts slamming into him, Castiel is unable to stop himself from crying out. It's hot and desperate and everything he dreamed sex with Dean could be. Like they couldn't get enough of each other, Castiel tugging Dean down into him and Dean pressing himself deep inside of Cas like he was made to fit there perfectly, like he was a part of him, that Castiel hadn't realised he was missing.
"I, know. Thanks, Charl’s, it’s just… I saw something, something I wasn't meant to see and I don't know what to do about it..." Said Garth quietly, he knew what he should do, he should tell Castiel and it wasn’t even Balthazars threat that was stopping him, well… not completely, it was that Castiel is his friend and he didn’t want to be the cause of any pain… there was also a tiny niggling worry that Castiel may not believe him and he would lose his friendship, maybe even his job.
Charlie shrugged "Guess I missed that class" She was looking at Dean, watching him watch Castiel before turning away and sitting in thoughtful silence, sipping her drink.
What really hit him, was… He liked the store. That was something that was hard to admit to himself. It was nice, there were people sitting and reading the backs of books they were looking at, kids darting in and out of shelving rows chasing each other and smiling… How bittersweet that in the same breath, he wanted to hate the place, he also was glad that there was still a place for books to be enjoyed. With an odd feeling of mixed loss and hope, he left and walked home.
Dean had accepted it, and Castiel was glad he hadn't pressed the issue. But now... As he was closing the store for the very last time, he wondered if he had maybe let his pride talk him out of a job offer, to lose the shop was bad enough, but if he didn't find another job soon he'd have to move and then he'd lose his house too. Sure the money from selling the shop would last him a while, but it wouldn't last forever.
"You didn't mention it? Are you worried?" he asked before checking his watch, "Christ, I am late. We'll talk later." he said grabbing a jacket and giving Castiel a fleeting peck on the cheek before turning and walking out of the bedroom.
Castiel glanced down at Dean and smiled fondly, “You’re as close to heaven as you can be Dean and you’re perfectly safe. I promise you he can’t reach you here, not while we’re flying through the clouds.”
“It’s likely that I will spend the rest of my life behind bars, for what I’ve done to Dean…” Castiel lifts his hands, bringing one to rest over Balthazar’s mouth pressing down firmly and he grips the man’s nose with the other, as Balthazar’s eyes seem to pop with panic and his arms pull uselessly against the cuffs holding them to the bed frame, Castiel smiles and speaks quieter still, though his voice is still laced with loathing, “but you? You’re going to hell, right now.”
Shopboy and Win67 had talked long into the night about music and movies, Thanksgiving, and other things. Dean felt a little weird about it if he was honest with himself. He knew Castiel was feeling conflicted about him, but he also wanted to be there for him and being ‘Win67’ gave him the opportunity to be. He worried about how Castiel would react when he eventually found out Dean and ‘Win67’ were the same person, would Castiel be angry with him? Would he be disappointed?
He knew he was losing his mind, because what he saw swimming toward him... was no shark... But a man. A man, with the tail of a fish? He must have been hallucinating.
"I just remembered something... We were meant to be meeting someone and I didn't message them to let them know we were leaving..." Said Castiel reaching in his pocket and grabbing his phone "Do hospitals have wifi?"
Balthazar closes his eyes and sighs, he'd have to take matters into his own hands. Dean shouldn't have lasted this long anyway. He walks over to his cupboard, opening it and pulling out the silver metal case, placing it on the bed next to him, his fingers slide along the number lock to the correct combination and it clicks open. He narrows his eyes at his collection of guns and knives, counting and checking. Two small handguns and two pouches of bullets, three knives, zip ties, duct tape, and gloves. Prepared as always.
I have no reason to be outside… I guess I could mow the lawn, although I only did it last weekend… Maybe I could clean the mower? That’s a thing people do, right?  Makes um last longer or some shit?
Dean feels light headed until a pair of strong hands land on his shoulders and two beautiful blue eyes lock into his gaze and pull it up from the suitcase on the floor.
"I’m going shopping for the story corner stuff," Said Charlie still blinking at Dean like she didn't believe he was real “But this… this is… Why haven’t you said anything?”
"In case Balthazar is at your house" Dean had reasoned and it wasn't a lie, but it was also because 'Shopboy' knew that 'Win67' was currently living on a boat and if they had dropped Dean off first that was sure to give him away.
Sam and Castiel turned to him sharply with matching frowns, “What?” asked Sam eyes narrowing at Gabriel.
Charlie shook her head, muttering to herself, "Leaving your laptop open and unattended Cas - tut-tut. He really is asking for this." She shimmied forward on her seat and grabbed the laptop, typing quickly...
Castiel moved away from Dean, muttering about ‘disobedience’, he walked over to the shelving and pushed aside the plastic sheet covering it, when he walked back over to Dean, he had a roll of duct tape in his hands.
‘So, today I had a meeting with someone who has given me some useful advice on a change of career. I know we don’t give details so I won’t go into it, but I am feeling really positive about it. It went really well. I hope you had a nice day? Shopboy’
Castiel started to stroke Dean's cock as he whispered "What would you say... If I offered to take you away from this place, I would pay you twice what you make here, I would look after you and your family and you would belong to me..."
"He's going to be needing a ride home in the morning..." His father narrowed his eyes at him, before throwing something up through the air toward him. Dean caught it and looked down into his hands, frowning he looked back to his father.
“I was, worked the morning,” Said Garth, leaving out the part where he’d been allowed to leave early as long as he stopped by Castiel’s to see if he was alright.
At the end of the day he locked up, flipped the sign from 'open' to 'closed' and he, Garth and Charlie began cleaning up the store. Tidying away books that had been picked up by kids and dusting the shelves and hoovering. After another half, an hour Castiel was closing up and pulling the metal shutter down in front of the store window.
Dean doesn’t want to ruin the moment, but watching Castiel fumble with shaking hands at his belt and zipper was just a little too comical and he huffed a laugh under his breath.The angel must’ve sensed it however, and his eyes lifted slightly to meet Dean’s and then narrowed. Dean gasped at the sudden cool breeze on his lower half, mentally cursing Castiel for using what little grace he had left to remove his jeans and boxers.
Charlie bit back a sex joke and stepped forward wrapping her arms around Castiel in a big hug "We're not quitting just yet Cas... Gotta keep your chin up.. or you'll end up looking like Garth"
If you would permit me… I would dip my baguette into your Raclette. I would lovingly seed your bagel…  I would warmly cream your chocolate soufflé…
“I don’t…” Castiel flounders, Dean is much too close and he has no room to back away… Castiel’s heart thuds, his eyes widen, Dean is still getting closer, impossibly closer. Until his breath whispers and tickles against his cheek, delivering the words he had waited so long to hear, that he had almost given up hope of Dean ever saying them...
Castiel cautiously pressed himself fully inside of Dean, slow and easy. Taking time to pause at the slightest sound of discomfort from his friend. Not allowing himself to get lost in how amazing it felt to be held by Dean’s tight heat.
Gabriel, walks behind Victor and John as they enter the Winchester farm. He doesn’t need front row seats to this show, he already knows what they are going to find. Well, not the finer details perhaps but certainly the general scene.
Dean looked at her in mild surprise "You? Nervous? No way, you will be fine, you always are" He said kindly, giving her an encouraging nod.
Dean gave Charlie a look and Said “No, he… was upset. Like, I don’t know if it was just the Balthazar thing but something was wrong and he,” Dean looked up at Sam, wondering if he should say to his brother that Castiel had been in tears, but he knew Sam wouldn’t judge “He was crying”
‘Hey… I’m Castiel…’ Ugh… ‘Hi, I’m Cas…’ Fuck sake… ‘Nice car…?’  Great Castiel, that’s just great… He’ll probably think you’re casing the place to rob him… ‘Hey… You’re fucking gorgeous and I was wondering if you were into guys, cause I’d love to be in you’ Haha. Castiel you are a dick.
Balthazar looked back to where Dean was now sitting at a table enjoying what looked like his third chicken drumstick "What a prick" He said firmly "Coming into your shop and.."
Garth and Jo had had a lovely dinner. Garth had asked her about her work and in return told her about Heaven's Library, being in trouble with the new superstore opening soon. They talked and enjoyed each other's company. This evening was going really well he thought to himself. He stood up after paying the bill, he'd insisted on paying as it was the first date and he wanted to do something nice for her but agreed they could go halves next time if she wanted to go out with him again, to which she had said she would love to... He beamed as he stood up...
Castiel and Charlie smiled at him and after they had all eaten a bacon bagel they had to agree - this was one of Garth's best ideas to date.
“See, here is what I think,” says Gabriel staring daggers at the older man, this was it. This was the speech he and Castiel had planned, don’t fuck up now, “I think you beat on Dean, I think your homophobic ass couldn’t stand the thought of Dean being with my brother, I think you beat your boy black and blue. I think that you beat him so bad that Castiel left here to go and try and help Dean… maybe get him out...”
“I’ll give you my email address when you have a few pages, send them over and I will give you some feedback”
Dean thrashes from side to side as Castiel puts the blindfold over his eyes. He feels Castiel put the cock ring around his flaccid member, then to his surprise Castiel runs his hands down the back of his legs, until he reaches the buckles at his ankles, he undoes them one at a time and Dean carefully stands up, his ass is still hot and sore from where the paddle had hit and it smarts as he straightens up.
They all turned round sharply. Castiel shrugged Charlie's hand off his arm and took a step towards Balthazar, eyes blazing "You bastard" He spat angrily "How long?"
He checked his phone as Lisa came out of the bedroom and looked at him, "Did you sleep alright on there?" she asked guiltily.
Dean holds his breath, his heart is pounding, the hairs on his skin all stand up and prickle unpleasantly, his eyes dart past Balthazar to the door.
Castiel could still see Dean's arousal pressing against his pants, so he pulled his jacket from his shoulders and slung it over the bottom of the banister, "You punched Luke." he said, it wasn't really a question, Castiel just wanted to remind Dean how he'd ended up here, that it was he, Dean who had gone after Castiel tonight... Or at least, that's how Dean was meant to see it.
“I know,” says Dean. He sighs and wipes his eyes, “It’s my brother… I miss him. I taught him how to shave and I don’t know… It’s stupid.”
Dean paled as Castiel shouted right into his face, still pinning him to the wall. His eyes felt like they had dried open, he simply couldn’t look away from Castiel. It was the loudest thing he’d heard in a month, normally Castiel was pretty calm, controlling most of his anger. ‘But, that was when he’d been fucking me' thought Dean… 'He’d had his release and never blown his top.’
"Okay, I gotta admit - I'm kinda impressed with Balthazar..." She made a face like she was disgusted with the words coming out of her own mouth.
"Alright... is it infidelity if you're involved with someone online?" said Castiel watching Charlie carefully for her response.
"Alright" he replied thinking of later on when he would be able to eat whatever he liked at the party dinner, "Salad".
The flurry of confusion, realisation and shock on Castiel’s face all happens so fast that if Dean had blinked, he would have missed it. His head turns down again and his eyes land back on the suitcase as he wonders how he could have read their relationship so wrong? What had he done wrong? Why didn’t Castiel want him?
Castiel licked his lips and gave a little nod. Dean leaned away from him, pulling his drawer open and retrieving a condom as Castiel tugged his boxers down his legs. Nervously but with his mind made up, Dean opened the condom. He threw the wrapper back into the draw and handed Castiel the rubber. Castiel was trembling slightly as he rolled it down his hard shaft. He blew out a breath as Dean shuffled back toward him, pressing his back against Cas's chest.
“I have to try.” says Castiel, after a moment's hesitation, “I have to. I can’t just leave him there.”
“You see what you do to me, you feel that?” Castiel says as he presses down again, “You drive me crazy.”
He lifts his case and walks down the steps to the door, locking it behind him. He passes through his bar and motions to Meg to come over.
Dean sniffed but didn’t reply. He just held on, and opened his eyes slowly… Gasping as he realized how high up they were. The moon shone brightly overhead and lit up the clouds below them in a soft silvery glow. Castiel beat his large wings again and they flew even higher, the clouds swirling around them in the moving air.
"Thank you, Dean," Said Charlie quietly from the front seat as the cab drove on through the streets toward the hospital.
"Yes," Said Balthazar zipping up the case before turning to Castiel "You're really OK with me leaving for a few days?"
Annoyed again by Balthazar's blunt reply, but figuring maybe he was annoyed at having to stay at work late himself and was in fact just busy, Castiel let it go and began to clean up the broken dish and plate up the food whilst he waited for Charlie. He pulled out his laptop and checked his mail. No new messages...
Maybe, Charlie had sent them? The idea was weak but it was possible, wasn’t it? That his friend had sent them, to… to what? Cheer him up? Had he really seemed that miserable the last few weeks?
Castiel’s amused voice speaks out again, “I have the remote, I’ll give it a click every time I think about you… That way you’ll know, just how much I love you, you’ll know how much you mean to me and since you clearly want some alone time, I won’t disturb you… for an hour or so.”
Cas, not some romantic trip but all I’ve heard you talk about is where he said you guys will be staying, and the fact that they have a pool. What's the case exactly? Do you even know? If there are vampires, we should all go and that way Dale couldn’t…” His voice trailing off, knowing he was grasping at straws to come up with a reason. That’s a lie, there
He took a deep breath, "Alright, but let's not be too long, OK?" he said softly, pushing the door open and letting them walk under his arm and ahead of him into the store...
John shook his head at his tipsy wife, still smiling, "Buying your mother the convertible she's always wanted tomorrow. You get the Impala, take care of her. You hear me?"
Castiel stared smugly out of the window as the street lights flashed by, they were only a few minutes away from his dorm so when Dean had stopped a taxi in the street and opened the door pointedly for him to get in, Castiel hadn't hesitated in giving the driver his own address. That probably worked better for Dean anyway, seen as how he co-shared a house with two friends just outside the college grounds. Two friends that Castiel knew Dean hadn't come out to yet.
“I’ll replace it.” said Dean with a grin, “You do know that even if Santa was real, he wouldn’t be able to get into the bunker without being detected and we’d probably shoot him, right?”
Everyone was surprised when the taxi driver turned to her and said "Good for you lass, sounds like this guy is a tool"
‘Hello Dean, I am really sorry and embarrassed about how I behaved yesterday. I had had a difficult morning, but that is no excuse for me being so short with you. You’ve been nothing but kind and understanding toward me and I thank you for that and for, well, your patience yesterday… (
Dean leans forward capturing Castiel’s lips in a slow loving kiss, that deepens but with no haste, there is nothing but pure love flowing from one man to the other, their hands roam touching bare warm skin, exploring each other once again, after months apart.
On the one hand, Dean had been right there… Dean, who he had loved unconditionally through good and bad, and even
Dean shakes his head, still looking a little upset but no longer panicking, his voice is barely above a whisper as he utters, “You never say it…”
Charlie walked back into the living room, grabbed her coat and looked at Castiel with a pitying expression that Castiel hated.
Castiel flops down on the bed and grins wide at Dean, “That was really nice…” He says as his breathing returns to normal. It was nice, but it hadn’t killed his desire to fuck Dean, he wanted to be inside him, he wanted to feel that hot tightness on his cock and push into it, over and over. He wanted to make Dean his again, by marking his insides with his come.
“I couldn’t bear it - not seeing you again.” weeped Dean bitterly, “I hate this. I hate it Cas, having to sneak around, steal moments like this that we can’t even truly enjoy because of my father. I hate him. It isn’t fair, I just want to be with you.”
"I was there, I will back you up. I have no reason to lie" Said Jo, Garth nodded and they walked back to the table without buying anything from the bar.
"I know. I didn't mean it to seem like I was spying on him... If he had called me a prick.. fair enough... But that Balthazar dude was an arrogant shit, guess that kinda comes with the name though right, I mean Balthazar? Balthazar? Really?"
"When are you going to tell him?" Charlie had a hundred questions, she couldn't work out which to ask first, this was nuts. Dean was 'win67'... And Castiel had no idea.
“I doubt that we’d be doing much talking,” Said Sam thinking about it “Yeah, ok… I’d like to beat the shit out of the guy… but Jess… the kids? I don’t know”
The days of him leaving sweet little notes were it seemed - long gone. Castiel crossed the kitchen to the fridge - glancing at a picture of himself and Balthazar smiling stuck to the door as he opened it. He grabbed a bottle of water and an apple, before closing it again.
So, no. He couldn’t offer any comfort to his brother other than his presence because he wouldn’t believe the words that came out of his own mouth even if he somehow found the strength to say them, and he suspected it was the same for Sam.
Getting out of the shower and wrapping himself in a towel, he slicked on some of Dean’s cheap antiperspirant and padded off to what he assumed was Dean’s bedroom. He’d left his suit there, not wanting the steam to affect it. Charlie had done a good job, she knew her stuff. The suit and shoes matched Dean’s in color and style, both men would have white shirts, and she’d ordered him a tie that made the blue in his eyes pop. The fit was perfect, he had no clue how she’d done it. They’d be able to get some very sharp photos to go with the press release.
“You guys are sure this is going to work?” It was too late to pull out but still warranted the repeat discussion.
Dean suddenly remembers the disaster from moments before the smoke alarm went off and steps back out to the dining room.
Okay, that was Russian. Dean was dumbfounded. Cas spoke French and Russian? The Ambassador looked impressed; everyone in the group looked impressed.
The evening ahead. Dean rolled his shoulders and blew out a series of short breaths to collect himself. He knew he was spiraling, but couldn’t seem to get a grip on his emotions.
“Well, apparently you don’t.” He took the menu and laid it out on the table for both the waitress and Sam to see. Pointing to the item he ordered he glared at her. “This is what I ordered.”
“Is that what the kids are calling it these days? Sounds like treason to me.” Castiel had been right, Dean didn’t like it. In fact, he was pretty pissed off about it. Going into hiding for a while was one thing, but turning his back on his country? That was something completely different. “Jesus Cas, if I go along with this and use ID provided as part of a Russian defection agreement it makes me look like a traitor too.”
Sam was silent for about three beats, letting Dean’s words process. “Dean, I’ve never heard of binding sigils.  Are you sure that’s what it’s called?”
Cas turned to look at him again. His expression was soft and open now. “There’s nothing to be sorry for Dean, we were doing our best in difficult circumstances.”
Castiel wanted to smile but chose to keep his expression flat, clearly, the man was struggling and needed to be put at ease.
Of the photo Dean always carried with him, from memory alone, Castiel painted a sacred family moment frozen in time, of a more peaceful era in his life. The scene is of Mary and John, with four-year-old Dean contentedly snuggled between them, holding infant Sam tightly in his arms. He's bestowing an adoring kiss upon his brother's forehead with more reverence than Castiel had ever witnessed from a child.
And Dean didn’t, he knelt on the floor and let Cas set the rhythm as he sucked up and down his rock hard length.  One hand held the shaft at the base, covered in spit at this point and the other was gently fondling his balls underneath and periodically reaching behind to massage his perineum. In response Cas whimpered and groaned, canting his hips forward every time he pushed Dean’s head to take more of him in.  Dean’s mouth enthusiastically welcomed the thrusts that were increasing in speed and intensity.  Before long his pace began to stutter, the first tendrils of an orgasm started to curl in his belly.  Pressure building until it felt like a dam was going to burst,
Whether it was for minutes or for hours, Dean stood there with Cas pressed against the door, kissing him like their lives depended on it. He wasn’t thinking of the spell, or how Cas had broken his nose a few hours ago. He wasn’t thinking about Mary, or Jack, or even Rowena. He wasn’t even thinking about the rejection and betrayal he’d felt when Cas had walked out of the bunker the last time. The only thing he was thinking about was
“I’m sorry Dean, we cannot risk it.” Castiel kept his hands on the steering wheel and eyes trained on the road. He likely knew Dean wasn’t very happy.
“Sorry the burgers are trash,” Dean apologizes for the burnt dinner Castiel had already cleaned up. Not rising to the bait, Cas just keeps looking at him, open and expectantly, until Dean finally caves. “Pasta sounds nice, yes.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, wishing he had a drink. “So, let me get this straight.  If I use the sigil, and it works, I’m going to have a lifelong bond with Cas that can’t be broken, ever?”
The apartment looked exactly like what he imagined her home to look like: bold and vibrant, with deep red walls and ornate furnishings that looked to be as old as she had been. Sam missed Rowena a great deal. Here at least he felt closer to her, as though she’d just stepped out and would be back in a few minutes. He thought that the place was a lot like Rowena herself, everything had a place, and there was a place for everything. No clutter, nothing casual, every item looked to be placed and spaced with intentional design.
The tablecloth goes on, then Dean sets a candle up, saving lighting it until Castiel walks through the door. Next to it, a safe distance away, he sets out the small vase of white roses. The lady in the shop had been really kind and understanding while Dean dithered over what he wanted, though she finally convinced him the white roses—for loyalty and youthfulness, since they're both desperate to hold on and not give in to the few grey hairs appearing at their temples—were the ones he needed.
Dean was hesitant to bring it up for two reasons. The first being that after years of struggling to keep a physical distance between himself and Cas, he was loath to give up proximity of any kind now that he could have it.  Dean Winchester was a closet cuddler. Oh, he was sure that Cas would still snuggle up to him nightly even if they slept in a king-sized bed. The smaller mattress, however, had brought him nothing but sweet memories to tuck away, and seriously, why rock the boat?  Waking up like this was like waking up in heaven as far as he was concerned.
The hospital had kept them there in the emergency department most of the day and into the evening for testing and observation, Cas and Sam were mentally prepping for another long night in those hard plastic chairs when the resident came in. An intelligent-looking woman, younger than the rest of them but nonetheless a strong presence in her white lab coat and scrubs.
Dean woke up alone in his room the next morning, the glassed encased copy of the painting was where he had left it on his bedside table. It would probably migrate to the top of his dresser eventually, but for now, he wanted it close. That Cas knew him so well and had made him such a profoundly thoughtful gift actually made his heart hurt.
Sam paused for another moment and Cas could see that he was struggling to compose himself. He brushed some wetness out of the corner of each eye and continued.
“You pick. I’ll go get some snacks,” Castiel says after Dean has set himself down on the couch, sinking into the pillows and begrudgingly accepting the remote. Before the car crash, Dean would have jumped up and pushed Castiel down on the couch instead, ever the gentleman and never someone to let things be fetched for him. But Castiel is happy enough seeing his love get comfortable on the memory foam pillows and wouldn’t trade having
Castiel broke their gaze and raked his eyes down his body. Dean felt it as though it was a physical caress. His cock twitched in anticipation.
Dean looked panicked. As if of all of the things happening today, this was what was going to throw him off-kilter. Kissing a virtual stranger as part of what was basically an arranged marriage so Charlie could take photos for the media. When he put it that way, he couldn’t really blame him. It was a lot of pressure for a guy who got caught doing something he shouldn’t have been doing because he needed to reduce his stress levels. Well, he’d just promised to be supportive and kissing kind of leaned into his area of expertise. He could do this for Dean.
If Sam’s decision to quit hunting was based on what he had gained, Dean’s was based on what he had lost.  The grief from losing Cas was like a sucking chest wound that refused to close; every breath brought physical pain.  He hadn’t been back to the dungeon since the day the Empty had taken Cas, and he hadn’t set foot in Cas’s room either.  Sam understood without words that these were both sacred spaces for Dean now, and he hated to push, but he really needed the book.
At the end of the concert, there had been an extraordinary encore performance by the orchestra’s lead trombonist. Apparently the composer had written another famous piece, one that Dean did know, and Cas was almost vibrating with excitement.
Dean quickly whipped up two sandwiches and plated them with last night’s leftover salad and a handful of chips.  He had a plan in mind and was humming to himself softly, waiting for his husband to come in.
Pinning the man up against a column, he yelled for Sam and Eileen to get the kids out and take them somewhere safe.  Knowing that what was coming wasn’t something any child needed to see, they quickly led them out stopping long enough only to grab the laptop and external drive.  “We’ll call Jody and find out how to make a safe handoff for the kids.  I’ll wipe the four of us out of the surveillance video and hand the rest over for her to investigate.  She’ll make sure anyone who isn’t here is identified and caught.”
“So, here’s the plan, I’m going to go back out there and get everyone’s attention. Say a few words of welcome, and then call you out together to explain the rest.  Then you’ll say a little something, and after that, we can have ourselves a wedding.  Sound good?”
“Better, touch Dean like that again – you will die, I’ll see to it personally. Keep dumping them in motels with no money or means to take care of themselves – you’re sending me an invitation to come back.  And I don’t want to have to come back.  Do I make myself clear?” John nodded again. “Say it.”
“He showed up later the next day looking like he’d been hit by a train.  He acted differently though, like he was afraid or something. Never touched me, or Sam for that matter, again.  Told us that the hunt was over early and dropped us at Bobby’s for six months.  When we did travel together after that, he always left enough money to uh pay for the basics.  The only hustling I had to do after that was pool for any extras.”
“Ready?” Cas encircled him from behind for a hug, resting his chin on his shoulder. “I really enjoyed doing this for you Dean, I hope that you like it.”
He looked out the window and she was right; Cas was fuelling his car. Like he was going somewhere.  Even from here he could see that Cas looked dejected.  Shoulders hunched forward, serious expression. This was bad.  If Dean was at the bunker and Cas was here that meant that it hadn’t gone well.  Fuck, could he not be happy for like, an hour? Twelve years, twelve long god damned years playing third wheel to these two ass hats while he had waited for them to figure out what was obvious to anyone with eyes. A quick flash of anger washed over him. He was too pissed to care and was going to do what he should have done years ago. No way in hell was he going to play this game with them anymore.
Dean looked at her in shock, "Why?" Dean had told Lisa when they had got together that he was bi-sexual, and she'd made it clear that didn't bother her in the slightest.
After Castiel closed the car door behind him, the taxi pulled away and he turned to face Dean with a grin. He pulled his keys from his pocket and moved past Dean to the front door, leaving it open behind him for Dean to follow him in. He stopped at the end of the hallway and turned to watch Dean closing the door behind and suddenly Dean looked a little less sure of himself, nervous in fact.
"This?" Castiel rolled his hips up again to indicate what he meant, he felt Dean shudder against him and he just knew that Dean would say yes. He smirked with proud excitement - Dean was pressed against him, groaning for him and wanted… him.
Castiel turned on the radio, he’d been checking it every hour, for news of the accident, each time it was mentioned they seemed to have a bit more information, never the names of those involved but stories were forming and Castiel could fill in the gaps that other listeners could only speculate about.
"You had your reasons, I get that. But I am sorry about that too. I was just out with my niece and nephew that day, I can't seem to say no to them and they wanted to go in your shop" Said Dean fidgeting "It wasn't meant to come across as me being a prick..."
“I’m going to make a few calls.” Said Sam kissing the top of Jess’ head and squeezing her gently “For one… I need to tell the guys at the store to keep an eye out... and Charlie.”
“Gabriel!” snapped Castiel turning to his brother, “You didn’t think to clarify that it was drag racing?!”
Dean had been here. Balthazar had been here too... but there was no blood, if Balthazar had killed Dean, there would have been blood, surely? That must mean that Dean was alive somewhere, but where? He pushes the door to Dean’s room open half expecting, or rather hoping to see Dean cuffed to the bed, maybe Balthazar had hanged his mind, he’d made an exception for him, maybe he would for Dean too? But those hopes evaporated when he is met with an empty room.
“So…” Sam breathes in through his nose, trying to calm himself, “So, he is missing and I was wondering if you could look at this picture,” he holds up a photograph of Dean, “His name is Dean.”
The song ends and Castiel places the cassette player down on the table next to him. He takes a deep breath and pushes himself up from the couch, wrapping the blanket around his shoulders, he walks up to the fire and adds another log. Watching as a few sparks fly up from where he’d disturbed the burning sticks.
"I can't believe he is awake, I mean, I knew that he had to wake up eventually, you know? Dean couldn't... Well, you know. But now that it's finally happening, I'll admit it, I was scared." Sam glances at Castiel's face, frowned with thoughtful lines, he reaches over and pats his knee, causing Castiel to jump and look up into Sam's face, "Sorry..." says Sam, "Didn't mean to make you jump, you ok though? You seem a bit... Oh, are you worried because he didn't remember you... Don't worry, he will. I'm sure it's normal, coma patients must get a bit confused when they first wake up."
"I want to be as honest with you as I can, I want you to know that I wanted you from the moment I saw you, but I was hesitant."
“Mick Davis wasn’t a well man, he was delusional.” said Balthazar, finally finding his voice and sounding like a petulant child denying a wrongdoing they had been caught red-handed for.
He lent down, straightening up again quickly as it hurt to lean over. Settling himself in front of his laptop on the bench instead he pulled the screen up so he could read the new message from 'Shopboy'. Smiling at how Castiel had messaged him at the same time he had sent the text.
Dean stared down at the bunch of keys in his hand. They caught the fading sunlight and glinted as though greeting him. His car key, a spare key to Sam’s, his house key… and of course, Castiel’s. He took a deep breath as he opened the door of the impala and climbed out, he glanced up at the house while he shut and locked the car door.
"You answered your phone... I heard arguing... I didn't think just hearing a row would be enough to call the police... So I called Meg's shop on a payphone, still listening in case I did need to call the police, she gave me Charlie’s number and she gave me your address. So here I am..."
“Well, I’m ok… I have something to tell you though… Balthazar came into Winchester Books yesterday…” Castiel stared at Charlie as she explained what had happened the day before.
The cute guy was outside on his front today… I think... Well...I scared the shit out of him… He was clearly building something and I thought this would be a great opportunity to speak to him… Ask him what he was making…
"Hello Dean" He slurred as he saw him, before moving in front of the next sink and splashing water on his face "I may have drunk too much" He laughed
Every nerve in his body was on fire, electrified with tense excitement, close to fear but not quite that. Castiel kissed Dean's shoulder, feeling bold. He knew Dean wanted his hand on his dick... But what was this, exactly? Two friends helping each other out - but... 'No homo'? Or something more...
He texted me… Reads… feels heart speed up, a dopey smile spreads across face… barely holds in a fist pump… He wants to go out for coffee tomorrow… with me. Yes Yes Yes!!! I got a date with Hot Guy. I got a date with Hot Guy! Whoop whoop!
“And I told you not to…” says Castiel, even now glancing behind Dean for any sign that they had been spotted.
Castiel praises him generously as he sits perfectly still while being shaved with a cutthroat razor. Castiel swept the blade lightly over his chin, feeling the thrill of Dean’s life being in his hands but never once considering ending it. When he was done, he saw that Dean’s eyes were misty and he frowned at him, checking his face for cuts.
"Well, I should hope not" Balthazar was coming out of the bedroom, fully dressed and looking down at Charlie with a displeased expression.
“DEAN…Ooofff” Balthazar’s fist pounds into the flesh of his stomach roughly, knocking the wind out of him as the front door bursts open. Castiel is sinking against the wall, feeling dizzy and sick as he hears shouting and scuffling around him.
Those green eyes. Fuck. They were criminal. You could blow up an entire country and blame it on those eyes... He'd do anything to be able to swim in those sparkling green pools. He'd slaughter an entire family, he'd burn buildings to the ground, he'd bring world leaders to their knees... Just for one night with this man... But then no, one night would never be enough. Nowhere near enough. Castiel wanted this man, not to kill, not to butcher, he didn't want to bathe in his blood... He wanted to keep him... to love. To hold him and have him and touch him and fuck him... for the rest of his life. He smirks as he thinks, ‘for as long as we both shall live’.
“Stop,” he says weakly. His head still feels as though it’s full of water and sloshing from side to side. He jerks as he feels the warm wetness of Castiel’s tongue against his flesh.
After getting dressed quickly Dean went and checked Lisa was still in the bathroom before opening his laptop once more. To his relief, he saw a message from 'Shopboy'.
The body on top of him moves, the weight leans forward. Dean splutters thickly and gasps as the winds crushed out of his lungs.
Castiel is speeding along in his car, the laptop still open on the passenger seat but the image has frozen, the incoming storm must be interfering with the signal...
Balthazar’s will determined that in the event of his death, his bar and his home would go to Castiel and Meg. He had no family to contest this and Castiel was now at the start of a lengthy legal process of getting his and Meg's inheritance. Meg had chosen that she would keep the bar and take over as the new owner and Castiel would get the house, which he planned to sell as soon as possible.
Dean froze at the sharp tone of his father's voice and turned slowly on the landing to look down at his parents staring up at him, "Hi," he said weakly.
He remembered hearing Dean tell Balthazar that he was Castiel’s boyfriend, that had been strange, not in a bad way… but more that he’d not only not minded Dean saying it… But also, the fact that when he had said it… A part of Castiel had wished it was the truth… Dean was a far better man than Balthazar, he was kind and caring and he made Castiel feel safe.
"You need to get up now," Said Balthazar not meeting his eyes fully "We have that dinner party this evening... you know for that new book that's coming out?"
Some time later, Dean had been playing for a while, when he noticed that Castiel had been very quiet for some time. He turned around to find that his friend had fallen asleep beside him. Dean smiled and paused the game to stare at his friend, shaking his head fondly. He'd always thought Cas was attractive for as long as he’d known that yes, he liked boys and girls.
The way he’d felt when he’d first learned that Castiel was, like him, an angel. The look in the man’s eyes as Balthazar had taken him that first time, that unforgettable first time. Balthazar had pushed himself inside Castiel, body, and mind. He’d ravished him to within an inch of his life, beating him every time he’d dared utter the word ‘no’.
Balthazar stumbled backward and fell to the ground, his hand flying up to his nose which was now running with thick red blood. Dean stood above him looking at what he’d done with a sense of satisfaction.
“Because he had always got his own way? Things started going wrong and he lashed out… I don’t know, I’m just going off what I’ve seen and heard, but it doesn’t matter… None of this is your fault, you know that right?”
'Good morning. I have to say I'm a green enthusiast, but the orange leaves do look very nice and remind me that my second favorite holiday, Halloween is just around the corner. Sorry about your car, hope it is something that can be fixed. So, what is your favorite color? - Shopboy'
Dean had fixed Dale with such a cold and withering glare that he’d been sure the other guy must have received the message. Apparently not though, as when Dean got behind the wheel of his beloved baby and glanced back in the side mirror, his eyes almost bugged out of his head completely at the sight that greeted him. There was Castiel handing over his phone to Dale who grinned before typing his number into it.
Balthazar is holding a gun just in the frame of the image. A gun that is pointing down at a distressed-looking Castiel. Castiel is bent over another man on the table thing, Castiel and the other man are both naked and Castiel’s cock is buried deep within his ass. Beneath Castiel, the man's hands are tied behind his back and his eyes are rolled back into his head. In Castiel’s hand, is a large, shiny knife.
Balthazar took a step forward, raising an eyebrow before saying quietly "Or else, what? You wouldn't hurt me last night... I highly doubt your friends will even be able to look you in the eye now. Not that it matters, they always were beneath you Castiel"
Dean’s face is bright red under the blindfold that Balthazar had pushed over his head while he’d still been asleep. He makes ugly wet grunting sounds of panic and rage as Balthazar fucks into his mouth. Balthazar is ruthless in his actions, still gripping tightly on to a handful of Dean’s hair as he thrusts into his mouth over and over. He’d been without Castiel for almost five weeks and that frustration added to the blinding anger he felt towards the man beneath him made him merciless in his assault.
Dean swallowed, there was no way he could say Sams name, just talking about his brother as Castiel fucked him, was wrong… but he’d never said Castiel’s either. How could he call out for the man who was doing this to him?
The drive back to Castiel’s was uncomfortable in its silence. Dean was busy trying to come up with idea’s that would prove to Castiel that he was every bit as good as ‘Win67’ which was extremely strange as... how does one compete with oneself?
Castiel and Dean sat in silence for a few minutes… Neither knowing what to say. Dean drank the last of his glass of wine and kept glancing over at Castiel… He was much happier than he had been earlier, the cloud of doom that had seemed to settle over him after Balthazar had left had lifted, he was relaxed, handsome… oh so handsome…
“I love you too,” says Dean, sounding happy, “Cas… When we come back from wherever you are taking me…”
“Ah… Not yet. I actually…” Dean paused thinking back to the message he'd received earlier “I’m going to nip back out in a bit, got to deliver something to a friend. But I thought I’d come a bit early and see the kids for a bit? Get them out yours and more importantly Sam’s hair for an hour or so”
When his heartbeat wasn’t so painfully powerful in his chest he opened his eyes and pulled open the drawer next to the table. There he was again, staring back at himself but not in a mirror this time, this time he was looking down at dozens of pictures of himself. His shaking hand reached into the drawer and rose again to rest in front of his eyes, he blinked as he looked at his own tooth in his hand, clenching his jaw he looked back into the drawer. There were pictures, his driving license, a lock of his hair, the watch he’d been wearing the night he’d first stepped into The Lower Angel, he felt a wave of sadness wash over him. Here was a shrine to the man he used to be…
“Didn’t get the chance to say anything, I’d got the fuck out of there. Look I’m sorry I honestly thought it was a good idea, I don’t care about lying to Balthazar, that ass deserves it, but I didn’t think it would upset you?”
“Good, we’ll have to renegotiate our terms and boundaries now that we are living together. I’ve never done this before, so I expect we’ll have to make adjustments as we go?”
So, he was doing his damnedest to not think about Cas, and Cas was at least making it easy in that he wasn’t contacting them. He’d changed his settings so he couldn’t be tracked, he wasn’t answering any of Sam’s texts or calls, he clearly didn’t want to be found. Which suited Dean just fine. Asshole. Oh look, time to check the bag again. Fuck. What was happening?
Pushing himself back from the table, Sam stood up and decided to go in search of his brother. It was time to rattle the cage and see what shook out.
“What is it?” He just wanted to get moving, get this part of the day over with. Get wherever it was that they were going.
The conversation with Sam had been emotionally draining, and both of the men were relieved when it was over.  Important, yes, but also brutally raw.  Cas wasn’t sure yet how he felt about Sam’s story of John beating Dean so severely, but he wasn’t surprised.  At least it helped him understand some of the barriers Dean had erected around himself.  It also explained Dean’s deep need to be in control, and the trust issues kept his anxiety in check without resolution.  No one can hurt you if you don’t let anyone in. After years of abuse Dean always found a way to be in charge and never let someone have that power over him again.
She leaned over the table, clearly still looking to vent her fury given the opportunity. Dean and Cas both had the grace to know to not provide her with one.
“Sorry, didn’t know she wasn’t allowed. Just came in to pick up a few dog toys. Can you make an exception if I’m fast and promise to never bring her back?”
“Was gonna clean up before you got here,” Dean mumbles, avoiding Castiel’s gaze. “Just… needed a minute.” He looks up at him accusingly all of a sudden. “You’re early.”
And Dean got it, essentially, he was fucked for all time. Being honest was not a big deal for just about anyone except Dean Winchester. His whole damn life was built on half-truths, denial, and skilled aversion. If he couldn’t prop himself up with bravado and a false sense of identity anymore, what the hell did he have left? On some deep base level, he was terrified. He didn’t even know who the real Dean Winchester was most days.
“Does it matter at this point? Listen, we both know I’m going out on a limb here even if you have saved my life more than once. I’m trusting you Cas, but I need something in return. A little bit of honesty will go a long way regardless of whether or not I like it.” His voice was raised, he ground out the words leaving no room for avoidance. He wanted answers, now.
“Hunh, great. Thanks, Cas.” Dean grinned and turned to his brother and Charlie. “So we get married, then what?”
Dean had sputtered apoplectically with anger; he did not take kindly to being manhandled. Cas however was stronger than he remembered. He couldn’t get away. He felt trapped. He felt like a ping pong ball, his emotions were pulling him in six different directions at once.
“Lisa, thank you for agreeing to meet with me,” He says as he reaches the table “I know the first time we met…”
He clears his throat as he crosses the threshold and into the house. The question he’d been practising over and over in his head all day dies on his lips as his eyes settle on the swollen suitcase at the bottom of the stairs.
Ok, I’m so ready for this, I’ve stopped shitting lava and burping fucking fireballs. I took a bubble bath last night, a shower this morning, I. Am. Set.
Dale had been like a breath of fresh air, honestly Castiel had been rather dense to people’s interest in him in the past but Dale had left no room for interpretation when he’d whispered to Castiel that he would really like to get to know him better. Castiel had been feeling a mix of emotions since that moment.
When after another couple of weeks, Sam goes back to work, Castiel continues to visit Dean during the day, working shifts at the bar at night under Megs new management. He visits Dean every day, even though Dean doesn’t remember meeting him, he is happy that he comes to see him. He hates feeling alone and always feels a rush of grateful relief when ‘James’ pokes his head around the door.
“I know, we did it. Jack did it. You were right, Cas. You were right about all of it, except one thing…”
Charlie narrowed her eyes, thinking... Dean was surprised to see a cheeky grin start to spread across Charlie's face, he frowned at her.
Dean opened the back door to the Impala and pulled a heavy box to the edge of the seat, glancing at Castiel before he turned back to open the top fold of the cardboard box…
"I like modest men," smiled Castiel - not true. He likes the ‘alpha’ males, the ones who thought they’d be fucking him. The ones who thought he was a pushover. How he loved the look of surprise on their faces when he got going on them. None of them ever saw it coming.
Her face lit up, "Thank you," she said smiling back at him, "I wasn't sure what to wear, to be honest, so I'm glad you like it."
“Yes, well maybe… I don’t have any proof yet, but I need to tell the police what happened with him yesterday, I don’t know how he’d know where I lived but… little coincidental that it happened last night”
“N-no, you just caught me off guard was all,” Dean managed, shifting himself to get a little more comfortable. What he wasn’t expecting was a surge of pleasure, shocking through him like a bolt of lightning, as the angel’s tongue experimentally licked the tip. Dean could feel his face heating up and he groaned low in his throat when he felt the angel’s lips engulf the head of his cock completely. He could feel Castiel’s tongue rolling over his aching tip. Castiel moved his lips along the shaft which caused the hunter to gasp. Dean desperately tried to contain himself, not wanting to buck up and into the angel's throat, but he was quickly losing control. “Fuck...”
“Don’t act like you haven’t thought about it?” Smiled Charlie sitting on the couch and kicking off her shoes “Dean’s a good looking guy. I bet you two would make amazing porn,” She laughed “There… that’s a new career path for you if the writing doesn’t pan out… You could make a killing in adult films” She wiggled her eyebrows “Anyway, I thought it would make him back off if he thought it was too late.”
Castiel smoothed the tip of his tongue around the ribbed edge of the head of Dean's cock, feeling it's fleshy heat filling his mouth as he sucked and licked at it. Hearing Dean's breathy moans above him was turning him on so much that his own dick was beginning to fill again.
What if he had survived and named him as an accomplice? As far as he knew, only Dean and Balthazar naming him would lead the police to him. He’d returned to the house, he’d removed his clothes, the photo album. He’d changed the bedding on the bed he’d been sleeping in, taking the used sheets with him. He’d wiped down the surfaces he knew was most likely to give away evidence of his presence. He’d destroyed Balthazar’s laptop. He’d done the best he could as quickly as he could and then, he’d gotten into his car and driven away.
Dean sighed "I'm Winchester books and he was Heavens Library... I put him out of business, being my friend after that is one thing... but..."
Dean shakes his head, ready to object but then Castiel’s hand slips between them and grips their cocks together and Dean gasps out loud. Castiel is jacking them together, faster and faster and Dean’s eyes close again, against his will. His body betrays him as he moans.
“John Winchester,” says John coldly, watching with masked joy as Balthazar’s face pales, “I believe you know my son Dean?”
Luke's arms wrap around Castiel, sliding up and down his front, hungrily. But for Castiel, it's all for show, the way he pushes back against Luke, the way he parts his lips as though gasping... He flicks a predatory gaze across the room, to see if his efforts are having the desired effect and smirks as his eyes are met by the pissed off glare of Dean Winchester.
‘Win67’ and he spoke nearly every day, about this and that. Sometimes light-hearted conversations about tv shows or books, sometimes deeper topics like how they both felt about living alone now.
"While you were down?" Snapped Gabe actually turning around quickly to look at Dean "What a guy.." He added in mock admiration after Dean had nodded
They were both getting warmer, sweaty and desperate... Dean's hand reached back, finding Castiel's waist, he gripped onto him digging his fingertips in, demanding more. Then after a few moments they slid down, dipping beneath Castiel's underwear, pushing them down impatiently...
Dean frowned at Castiel’s message, was Balthazar harassing him? He wondered if he’d at least told Charlie about it.
But then Castiel leans down over him as though going to kiss him on the mouth and Dean’s insides squirm. He turns his head sharply to the side.
He typed a reply to Dean 'Thank you for checking in on me Dean, I'm still at the store but will be going home soon for a shower. Balthazar didn't turn up here last night, so that was a relief. How are you feeling this morning? If you need anything, let me know, I'm not opening the shop today. Cas'
“Because I assumed that it was a one-off thing… That he’d just ‘lost it’ at that moment, even after what he did to Charlie, I deluded myself into believing it wasn’t as bad as it was… he was my partner, I guess I was hoping he’d just go away and that would be the end of it…”
They hold each other, both unsure of breaking the moment, where would it even go from here? They’ve spent so long not crossing lines that each of them wanted so badly to cross, that now they aren’t even sure how to take that next step toward them. But the solid and comforting warmth of Castiel against him is enough, for now. Dean wants other things with Cas, of course he does, but he’d been at war with that side of himself for so long that waving the rainbow flag and giving himself wholly over to who he really is, would take time and luckily, time and freedom was something that he and Cas now have.
As Castiel arrived in the hospital with Meg, Jo came to meet them "Garth's got a little cut on his check… it will bruise but it’s basically nothing, they gave him some painkillers and he's gone to the toilet now to wash his face. Charlie is a bit worse... She's getting her nose reset... I don't do well with blood so I didn't go in but maybe one of you could? She erm.. sounded like she was in pain. And Dean's waiting for an x-ray on his ribs"
He pulled a heavy iron door in front of him clean off the wall and there he was, cowering in the black nothingness, pale and bloodied. Eyes full of fear and shame... Dean.
He hadn’t bothered to pay for a card with the roses, because… Well, who else could possibly be sending Castiel flowers? No, he’d know they were from him. Just the first step in getting Castiel warm up to him.
Castiel’s eyes scan the bar, they pick out the door that leads up to Balthazar’s flat above the pub.
“I can’t save him,” mumbles Castiel to himself, grievously defeated. He falls to his knees. Sam is gone. His friend… is dead. He closes his eyes, some distant hope that when he opens them again, this will have all just been some kind of nightmare, some kind of horrible trick - horrible but not real. When his eyes open and he is still in the cave, tears overflow from his eyes and run down his cheeks. How was he going to explain this to Dean and to...
He walked to the kitchen and grabbed his laptop, bringing it back into the living room and sitting down by Charlie with it on his knees. He clicked on the correct tab and there it was...
Castiel made a face, not believing what he was hearing "You are sleeping with someone else and they are beneath me? Have you been huffing grass too?"
“Yeah, but I walk into traps to save people, you’re putting yourself at risk for… what exactly? This is a
Castiel looks up towards Dean, there are tears in his eyes as he nods his head. Dean takes a deep breath and steps towards Balthazar… “He is a man, he doesn’t need you, he doesn’t want you and you are fucking crazy if you think for one second that I am just going to walk out and leave you alone with MY boyfriend.”
Castiel stiffens in his arms, his face a haunting picture of uncertainty as he leans back to look at Dean, “You-you do?”
Dean's eyes closed and his mouth went dry. He licks his lips worriedly, had he been the one who had moved, was Castiel awake? Was Castiel aware of how close they were now…? Of where they were 'touching'? What should he do? Panic tore through as he contemplated his options quickly... Wake Castiel? Just move? Press back into that inviting warmth? Do nothing? What would Cas do? Would he be freaked out by this?
Gabriel couldn’t take his eyes off the stage, he shrugged, “I didn’t think he’d… I didn’t… I thought he’d understood.”
“So, how did you and Dean become friends in the first place, as you mentioned earlier, we didn’t all get off to the best start,” Asked Lisa curiously.
Finally, his car screeches to a halt outside the house. He sprints to the front door, up the stairs, down the hall, skidding to a halt in the open doorway to the kill room, he feels his heart as it rips in two at the sight of the empty chair in the middle of the room.
The angel’s steely attention solely focused on him made Dean’s heart hammer loudly and attempt to jump out of his throat. He could understand why people fled when those frosty blue eyes focused on them with that much intensity.
“When I get my hands on you… I’m going to cut my name into your skin, Dean Winchester. My name will be there with you as your body rots into the earth, my name will be there as the worms and the maggots and the beetles feast upon the flesh that Castiel desired so much.”
"Three more days and we'll be open to the public," Said Dean looking at all the last few empty shelves.
“Yeah, it is. But then, even if he had left a note like that… You wouldn’t want to get back with him, would you?”
Castiel is fighting his way through hell. He kills demon after demon, though some get quickly out of his way too, knowing better than to try and come between him and the human soul he was charged to protect. He never understood why the angels wouldn't let him come back to help Dean until now. He never understood why the other angels allowed him to be sent to hell in the first place, all the unnecessary suffering Dean Winchester had had to endure...
Neither of them noticed the stony face of the man at the window, watching them for a few moments before turning and stalking angrily away.
He scrolled through his contacts until he came to Dean’s name and tapped his phone against his chin thoughtfully before shrugging and opening a new message to Dean.
He looked longingly at the food before turning and following Balthazar away from it and through the crowd towards a very smartly dressed woman with dark hair. "Lisa" Balthazar smiled fakely at her
"Good morning my love," says Castiel brightly, he’s just in a pair of grey boxers and holding a camera up to his eye. He takes a picture of Dean whilst walking around the bed, "Did you sleep well?"
John and Ellen ran to the living room and began arguing over who would be the banker in Monopoly. Dean turned to Sam.
Dean laughed "That's ok. That's what friends do right? Help each other.. And it's not too quick... It was us - and I don't mean this to come out wrong but, it was us that took to long to realize we were just friends.. why stop being that now?"
Maybe I could ‘fall’ in front of his house… haha, I bet he could lift me bridal style no problem… hmm, better make this shower a cold one.
"Hmm? Well, maybe overprotective rather than possessive. You know I really like Sam but he does act a bit more like he's your father than your younger brother, do you know what I mean? Like, he is always checking up on you. You aren't a child Dean, you're a grown man and capable of making your own choices."
"It's stupid," Said Castiel suddenly angry at himself "I was with Balthazar... And I wouldn't have cheated but..."
Charlie giggled "That's the spirit, now come on, let's make this place look great, someones bound to come in any minute"
“Jack?” as he opens his eyes, he blinks against the shocking bright light. He is sitting in an armchair, in a private hospital room.  On the bed in front of him, unconscious and pale, is his son. His Jack, looking deathly fragile and small.
The people who had come out of 'The Triangle' were starting to wander back inside talking loudly about the fight they had just witnessed. A few people had stepped forward and asked Castiel and the group if they were OK. Cliff, the bouncer who had helped Dean up to his feet had his mobile phone out and was ordering two taxi's for the group to take them all to the hospital, Meg was still supporting Charlie whose nose was crooked horribly to one side but had stopped bleeding.
“I’m sorry to bring it up again, I just… Well, I can go with you if you wanted. I was there, I can tell them what I saw and I didn’t want you to think it was something you had to do alone…”
Lisa smiled “Sounds about right. I know that Dean and I didn’t work out, but I will always care about him, he is a decidedly good man. Which is why I had to say something when I overheard you and Balthazar at The Fantasy Room.”
"It doesn't sound stupid. Trust me, I get the whole feeling lonely thing. My ex always seemed shut off to any conversation that wasn't about work" Said Dean trying to pick his words carefully "And for what it’s worth Castiel... Balthazar is an idiot to have done that to you"
Castiel wants Dean, his crotch… wants you… We just have to get them together again... I have a plan but to make it work, I’m going to need your help…
Which was only added to as Charlie dropped a New York Times on the keyboard in front of him, and was pointing to an article 'Winchester Super Store; set to open October 1st'. He looked up at her.
“Of course… Now, we should get ready to go to the police station right?” Said Castiel giving Dean an encouraging smile.
They are both quiet, not needing to fill the silence that is so deafening around them. They are there for each other, but how can you comfort someone who is going through the same thing that you are. Dean can’t open his mouth to try and comfort Sam, to say some bullshit about how it will be alright when he knows that if anyone tried to tell him, he’d be alright… without Cas… He’d punch them in the throat. He isn’t alright, he isn’t ever going to be alright. Cas is gone, and he hasn't told him the truth. He’d had so many opportunities, but always held it back and for what? Fear? How stupid was that, that fear was nothing in comparison to how he felt right now. The grip Billie had on his heart was a tickle compared to this never ceasing pain. Castiel is gone, he had confessed his feelings to Dean and died to protect him, the selfish noble bastard.
Well, at least he tried. He signed heavily into his phone. ” OK, fine, but for the record, I’d rather be there with you.  Like Cas said, it’s a type of binding sigil Dean, but an old one.  Can you send me a picture of the front of the section it came from, I need to check something first?”
“Are you fucking telling me that your place was bugged and that there’s probably video and audio?”  Dean looked at him slack-jawed for about three seconds and then his face contorted in rage. He grabbed an empty mug from the table and threw it across the room where it shattered. Castiel, for his part, was either in shock or had nerves of steel because his only response to Dean’s show of temper was to arch one eyebrow and stare back.
“I’d say.” Sam’s only response, which was saying something considering the guy was a lawyer. His lawyer. “So, talk.”
The sound of his own heavy breathing, along with the fevered adrenaline pumping through his blood, had blocked out everything else. It was a long minute before he was able to take stock, even a little bit, of his surroundings.
Dean swallowed back a lump in his throat, he was almost overwhelmed already, and they hadn’t even gotten to the vows.  Cas understood what was going on and stepped in to give Dean a chance to collect himself while also sharing the moment.
“Happy anniversary, my love.” The gift is neatly wrapped and Castiel grins stupidly as he watches Dean carefully take it in his hands.
Sam had spent the past few days quietly searching through Rowena’s books to piece together anything that might tell him exactly what the spell entailed. By intention, he stayed in the bunker and encouraged Dean to do the same, claiming that he wanted to pour through the books and organize things. Dean for the most part was happy to go along, spending time in his room to watch Netflix and Dr. Sexy reruns.
“You’ll see. Finish your coffee, shower, dress casual but nice, maybe some green to bring out your eyes.”
And then there was Cas. The duffle was still packed and ready for a quick exit. For the most part, Dean managed to keep himself occupied enough to avoid wondering where he was and whether he was okay. Mostly, but not completely. In this case that meant he was presently on his fourth duffle check of the day, and okay, so maybe he was lying to himself about the ‘mostly’ part.
The bad news was that the town had a grand total of one run-down motel, and coming up the main drag, he could see Cas’s pick-up truck in the parking lot. Shit. He accelerated just a little more, pulling into the lot and parking right next to it. Sagging his shoulders in defeat, he grabbed his keys, stepped out of the Impala, and slammed the door a little harder than necessary. This had been the very last thing he wanted to happen. The very last.
Sam made sure Castiel walked ahead of him into the diner. No way was Cas getting any chance to disappear before they had talked.  Sarah, earning a large tip for her efforts in meeting Sam’s request had moved their table to a closed section of the dining room where no one else was around.  If she felt the tension between the two men, she didn’t let on although it was painfully obvious that neither of them looked very happy.
Castiel’s skin is slapping roughly against Deans as he fucks into him over and over with reckless abandon, “You can take it, Dean, you can. You’re doing so well… I’m nearly-- there…. Ahhhh shit.” Castiel pushes forward one last time, he is so deep inside Dean, buried completely and that’s when he comes, grunting and dripping sweat, wishing there was no condom between them.
Castiel gave himself a little shake, no... it has to be the alcohol talking, surely? He put the empty bottle of water back on the bar and walked slowly back towards the group.
“Would he do anything?” Asked Sam, sounding concerned. Dean and Charlie looked at each other and then at Sam, who seemed to understand and gave a small nod.
He picks up the pillow and brings it to his face, inhaling deeply, with his eyes closed in blissful completion. This building may be his house, but Castiel’s mind and body were his home. He sits on the edge of the bed, smoothing his hand over the warm indent in the middle.
"He was the doctor who fixed Charlie's mangled nose, you know the night Bal was a shithead," Said Meg watching Castiel and Benny talking to for a moment before declaring "Back in a min, off to the little girl's room"
Breath, you got this. We got this ;-) But… before you get to worked up on what to wear… You might want to try texting Castiel back and saying yes…
"I'll text him," Said Charlie "Maybe I can get him to go as a cowboy... that'd be fun. I still can't believe he offered us jobs" She added looking at Garth, who nodded.
Dean shakes his head and watches Castiel take a cigarette between his lips and light it, standing next to his sink. Castiel takes one deep inhale from it when Dean starts walking toward him. Castiel blows out the smoke and holds the cigarette out in offer to Dean, who snatches it from him and throws it into the sink, where it hisses and dies as it touches the wet surface. Before Castiel can even complain Dean's mouth is on his again and his hands are gripping his arms, as he walks Castiel backward.
“Is there a reason I shouldn’t?” Castiel’s voice is clear and firm and his eyes bore down into Dean’s like he is searching his very soul for an answer,
Dean doesn’t see the heat in Castiel’s eyes at his words, but he does feel a light touch on his pink stinging behind.
Dean was stood in front of the mirror, looking at himself, wondering what to do. Staying could mean watching Castiel flirt with the doctor and whilst he wanted to be Castiel’s friend and for Castiel to have fun - hell, he definitely deserved some fun and attention after being with Balthazar, he couldn’t deny to himself that the more he’d gotten to know Castiel, the more he liked him, he knew he’d already had a thing for ‘Shopboy’ and now it was a full-blown crush…
“Okay, we can go together” Smiled Castiel thinking that Dean’s cars spacious boot would come in handy. Castiel walked past Dean further into the room, suddenly spotting the lamp on the floor, he paused.
“THIS IS NOT REAL. BRING HIM BACK. DEAN CAN’T BE… TAKE ME…” He looks back down into Dean’s frozen features… and his voice cracks as he finishes his plea, “Take me… Not Dean, not him… Please…” He rests his lips to Dean’s cooling forehead, “I beg you… please?”
"Here," He said placing a coffee in front of her as she slumped into a seat still rocked by the news.
Dean ignores Balthazar, placing his elbow against the glass, he closes his eyes and draws his arm back, just as a loud bang rattles the door, Balthazar is trying to kick the door in. Dean smashes his elbow through the glass, a shard cuts him shallowly near his shoulder but he doesn’t stop to think about it, barely registering the pain past the adrenaline pumping through him.
John smiles mirthlessly, “It’s very simple, I want you gone. I want you out. I want you to pack up your shit and take a one way trip out of New York and I want it within the next fucking week. You can keep your dirty blood money, I don’t need or want a cent from you. I just want you to be aware that I can and will destroy you, if you don’t leave. And if you ever go near Castiel or my son again… well, it will be the last fucking thing you ever do.” John had stepped even closer into Balthazar’s face, “Am I making myself clear, Mr Roche?”
Castiel stills, humming low in his throat as he meets Dean's eyes, “Do you mean to tell me… that mine would be the only cock, to be inside you?”
As they pulled up at the hospital Gabe turned to face Charlie "You gonna be alright love?” She nodded “Good" He turned to the three in the back seat "Listen you guys have had a shit evening, I'm gonna wave the fare this once as long as you all take one of my business cards... You ever need a limo driver, you give me a call, alright?" He handed them all a card each and smiled as they got out thanking him "Take it, easy guys"
Castiel hears his own sharp intake of breath as his head tilts in question and his eyes find the answer in Dean’s heated gaze. A pause, a hesitation, no more than a second but a second that somehow stretches out longer than all of the eons he had been alive… Then, suddenly, Dean’s lips are on his. His eyes remain open for barely a moment as he desperately tries to process what is happening, to convince himself that this is real.
Castiel remembers feeling his heart break when he played the first tape, the day after Dean had left. A simple slow love song, that Castiel had listened to everyday for two weeks before moving on to the next tape. He wanted to make the tapes last, he wasn’t sure when Dean would be home, he wanted to spread them out.
Dean felt a small pang in his chest at the admission. His throat suddenly felt like the Sahara desert as he attempted to swallow that statement.
He gasped as Deans mouth met his with a pure, raw heat... Dean's tongue claiming his mouth as soon as Castiel parted his lips... Dean had one hand in Castiel's pants, working his cock and the other was pinning one of Castiel's arms against the wall, holding him there.
Garth was getting ready for his date with Jo, he had changed three times before ending up back in the first outfit he had tried on. He brushed his teeth, made sure he had his wallet and gave himself a supportive thumbs up in the mirror before leaving his flat and making his way down the street outside towards the fancy little restaurant he had picked, he really hoped Jo would like it, and more importantly - him. This was his first date in months and Jo had seemed so nice in the store and she was very pretty.
His brain feels fuzzy, his eyes feel warm and oddly dry so he blinks several times. His fingers twitch on the bed, he gently curls his toes, his eyes move around the room, taking things in. He can tell that he is in hospital, his body is stiff, and there is a tube going into his nose and down his throat. Dean touches the tubing with his tongue, it’s uncomfortable and he grunts as his tongue pokes it against his throat.
Sam turned to look at his wife, “This guy is dangerous… He has hurt my brother twice now and now this… That boat…” Sam shook his head sadly “Dad gave Dean that boat when he took over the business”
Dean looked at Sam "You do make a badass Thor. You two sure you don't want to come to join us for a bit?"
Lisa’s face broke into a grateful smile "Really? Thank you so much, Dean. I promise I'll buy you the biggest burger we can find as a thank you"
Castiel’s whole body practically sags with relief and it's taken as a sign of disappointment by Sam and gives him a sympathetic look before responding to Dean, “Dean, this is James. You met him almost two months ago, don’t you remember?”
"Oh," Said Dean unfazed, what did he care what some stranger thought of him "Well takes one to know one, eh?"
Castiel walked on down the street, zipping up his jacket against the bitter November chill. He wiped bitterly at his eyes as he headed towards the grocery store. He needed coffee amongst other things.
"Castiel, I might be offended... If I wasn't so damn impressed and proud," laughed Charlie before adding, "plus.. plausible deniability."
Meg pulls a face, “Don’t think so, why? Did he ask you to take a look at them tonight? It’s your night off, tell him to get stuffed.” She laughs, “You know he won’t fire you, he’d let you get away with murder.”
He stroked his cock, the images of his friend naked flowed like a ‘mini mind movie’. A short film of Castiel touching him and groaning out like he had in his sleep only minutes before. Losing track of reality a little Dean groans low in his throat and pushes his ass back. He flinches sharpley as it brushes against Castiel’s hard dick.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice holds more firmness to it this time and he tilts his head at Dean, “I’m warning you.”
"To stay afloat?" she pressed on, "They do discounts and coffee... Look at this - they will even have an in-store cafe!" she rolled her eyes, "Not content with stealing our business they have to steal Meg's customers too..."
He wanted to make sure that Castiel liked him, Dean... before he revealed to him that he was... 'Win67'.
He got into his house, put his groceries away and slumped down on the seat in front of his desk. He pulled his laptop towards him and wrote a message to ‘Win67’.
Castiel frowned at his friends and turned back to the stage to watch Dean, his heart fluttered with warmth that Dean had gone to all this trouble to do something for him, even if he’d misunderstood, the thought behind was all that mattered to Castiel. It was so sweet and Castiel would definitely be showing Dean how much he appreciated it when he got him home, glitter be damned.
As Castiel feels himself on the very edge of coming inside Dean, his hands go from Dean's shoulders to his neck, gentle at first... Just feeling that steady pulse beat beneath his fingertips that tell him that his latest prey... is still very much alive. And then he begins to squeeze and Dean is fighting beneath him again, thrashing from side to side and sending him rocketing into release as the man blacks out beneath him... Unconscious, but alive and still so breathtakingly beautiful. This was it, Dean was his now. He belonged to him.
Fuck sake, Dean… He is eating. Get a grip. What the hell is wrong with you. You are NOT getting turned on by seeing Castiel eating pasta.
I do love you, my beautiful, mon amour!! I wanted to be with you every second since we parted. You and none other"
Fuck. Abort. Abort. Abort… Dean you tit. You finally speak to him… You finally make contact… and that’s how you do it? Basically shouting Hello at him to cover up the fact you were farting… Real. Fucking. Smooth.
"Yeah, I guess so. But I meant what I said last night Dean. I think you are a really good guy... I've been trying to hold on because I'm sure in a few weeks I'll be kicking myself for letting you go..."
"Yes him... If they go drinking together, he might tell Castiel about you" Balthazar chewed his lip wondering what to do
Gabriel slams the front door shut so fiercely that the entire house shudders under his wrath, he turns his ice cold glare on to John, “He isn’t here and I would suggest that you keep your damn bigotted views to yourself.”
“You can come, Dean, just keep saying my name and I won’t stop.” Castiel says in a soothing tone, “You can do it…”
Jealousy flared inside him with each image that had Dean smiling at someone else. He missed that smile, he deserved it, hadn’t he proven to Dean by now that no one would do more for him than Castiel. He connected Dean’s phone to his computer and downloaded all of the images, he made a copy of each, editing it so that it was his face that was beaming back at Dean and not some drunken slut. The pictures looked good, so good in fact that he decided to print some off. He pulled out his photo album, wistfully looking through it at the images of his past victims.
“Don’t worry about it,” Said Dean “I’ll just change the subject if they do. But seriously, thank you… I couldn’t have taken Cas to the boat…”
He clicks another link, searching the screen as Balthazar’s bedroom pops up... but no Dean. Castiel’s eyes home in on the photo album on the middle of the bed. That was not where he had left it. If Dean had managed to free himself… Why would he stick around long enough to look at it, to move it?
Sam’s scream bounces around the cave walls and Castiel feels it pierce his heart with sadness. Castiel clenches his jaw and slashes his blade through the neck of the vampire attacking him, he cuts the creature's head clean from its body and it rolls away on the ground, leaving a spattered trail of blood behind it. Turning, Castiel watches in dismay as the second vampire that had been holding Sam’s arms out of the way, sinks its teeth into Sam too. It clamps down it’s powerful jaws and then pulls back forcefully, taking a large chunk of Sam’s flesh with it in its mouth…
Castiel frowned down at the crumpled list in his hand, how did people find these things for each other and what was the point? This list was utterly ridiculous, he decided as he sighed heavily, rubbing his palms over his eyes. This was stupid, how on earth was giving someone these things considered to be a declaration of true love? Surely, just telling the person how you feel about them would be enough? Which would be fine, if only he could actually muster the braviary to walk up to Dean and tell him… Which apparently he could not.
“Yeah,” says Sam, pulling his phone from his pocket as Dean puts his foot down, heading in the direction of their friends home. Dean can hear the phone ringing as Sam holds it to his ear, he tries to focus his concentration on that sound, waiting with bated breath for the familiar happy tone of Garth’s ‘Hey dudes’; but it doesn’t come.
"Hey," Said Castiel as he reached the doctor's side, Benny handed him the bottle of water he just bought for him "Thank you"
Gabriel, Sam and Castiel walk into the bar, ‘Busty Boys and Ladies Toys’ and looked around with confused expressions.
"Yes!!" said Charlie excitedly, from the sounds Castiel could hear through the phone, he could tell she was moving around, probably getting ready. "Be over soon!"
He opened his laptop and began to write out a new message. 'Waking up on my boat, the sun is just rising, a burnt orange shadow of it is cast across the water... This is heaven. Hope you aren't too hungover? =P Win67'
They had battled right up to Sam's bedtime. Sam had grumbled for a good ten minutes, why couldn't Dean let him stay up as their parents wouldn't be home until midnight but Dean had eventually persuaded him, by promising Sam ten bucks if he went quietly.
But then he froze. His eyes focusing on a table across the room. He narrowed his eyes, not believing what he was seeing...
Balthazar looked from Castiel's face to Garth's, realizing he was too late, Castiel followed his eyes and it told him everything he needed to know... What Garth had said was true, not that he’d really doubted his friend, Garth wasn’t a liar, but it was still jarring to have what he’d said confirmed so obviously.
"It's looking very positive but we'll know more when we have the results of the scan," says the Doctor smiling at Castiel and Sam.
Castiel walked up to him slowly, and pushed him down on to the bed, pulling his socks free from his feet one by one, he wanted Dean completely naked. When he kneeled on the end of the bed and hooked his fingertips under Dean's boxers, he leant over him pressing his lips to Dean's stomach and began worshipping his warm flesh with his tongue and lips. His mouth followed his hands as they slid down, tugging the boxers free and when Dean's cock finally sprung free, Castiel didn't lose a second before wrapping his mouth around it.
Castiel can't bear it. He pulls a bottle of whiskey from his cupboard, he'd started keeping a supplying for when Dean ran out, always on hand with a fresh bottle for the hunter after a stressful day. He opens the bottle and drinks. The more he drinks, the more the volume on Dean's words in his head turns down.
"On paper," she nodded, finishing his sentence. Then deciding that was enough of the awkwardness she shook herself, "Coffee?"
Dean's arm came up again to grab Castiel's hand. Castiel's heart was banging against his rib cage with nerves, excitement as Dean guided his hand into his own crotch, Castiel gripped Dean's cock. He heard the little gasp from his friend’s lips. He felt the heat, the thickness, the length of his cock, the moisture at the tip as he began to  stroke him. Dean began pushing his ass back against him again, more rhythmically. It felt un-fucking-real, like Castiel had fallen into one of his dreams, better even. This was real, the feeling, the warmth of flesh on flesh, the smell of Dean’s skin, the noises he made - each and every desperate little gasp.
"I'm not gay." says Dean again as he stops in front of Castiel, his eyes darkening as he reaches for his hips and pulls him forward so that their bodies are pressed against each other, "but there is more than a strong chance, that I may be bisexual and a stronger chance still... that if you hadn't come waltzing into my life, I would never have known."
"Yum!" smiled Charlie, as she finished her last bite, "Kinda makes you wish we had more bagels." She added picking out a piece of crispy bacon from the tub full Garth had packed in his bag.
As he reached his front door and put the key in the lock, his breath caught... His front door was already unlocked. He froze. Staring at the door... was Balthazar waiting for him on the other side? He took his hand off the key carefully. He took a couple of gentle steps back before pulling out his phone. His breathing heavy as he tried to decide what to do... He couldn't text Charlie, she would be round in an instant but if she'd taken more of those strong painkillers.. she wouldn't stand a chance, he thought of Garth but again decided against it, he switched his phone to silent and wrote out a quick text to Dean.
Dean is frozen, not in the literal sense, but in the sense that his fear has reached the absolute limit, he can stand. He could move, but with the exception of his obvious trembling, he can’t… He could speak, but he can’t. He sits perfectly still, staring ahead, the smell of his own vomit and sweat fills his nostrils on each sharp breath in. The sounds of Balthazar moving around behind him, seem to crawl over his skin, moving from his left side to his right, as though his body is tracking Balthazar’s movements, ready to warn him if the man gets to close again.
