“Hey, I’m right here, you know?” Peter quickly mutters in annoyance, tired of everybody treating him like a kid all the time.
By the time March comes, everybody at school seems to have forgotten about Peter’s wild partying days. They don’t invite him anymore – Johnny doesn’t, either! – and life’s pretty much the same it used to be. The biggest change, he supposes, is Flash Thompson.
Ehh, Caspinn... what's the problem, Deadpool?
With that, Natasha walks off, still seeming extremely pissed off about everything. Over her shoulder, she still shouts something, this time directed at Peter.
“Oh, right! Teenage drama! I love it!”
“Let’s go back,” X told her after wrapping his arm around her shoulder.
“Uh, I’m actually two thousand sixty-three years old, sir… And I’m happy to see you!” Yaël answered, still excited from the sudden rest. There were no flashing lights or chimeras here, nor did she hear permanent buzzing or ringing.
Some words are spoken, Peter can’t hear them, nor does he want to focus on it. Instead, he endures the pictures being taken by the press while he waits for any sort of instruction.
Opening the rest of the hallways went very quickly, as Korg had already gathered a small army within a few hours, so guards didn’t even have a chance against them anymore. Not that they ever had against Yaël. The rest of the exit-locks were opened by the keys she had stolen, by Miek’s knive-hands or by Yaël’s air-fiddling.
Entering the penthouse, it doesn’t feel like almost two weeks have gone by. Steve is lounging on the couch with his sketchbook on his lap. Next to him, there’s Tony who has his face planted behind his tablet. Peter drops his bag and puts his keys in their designated spot.
“If you hadn’t run off, I wouldn’t have had to do that, Steve!”
Entering a large, open room, Tony’s screen suddenly indicates the presence of heat signatures. Immediately, his mind goes into alert, and he stands still, motioning for both Steve and Barnes to hold still for a moment.
Peter clears his throat, wanting to ask what exactly happened more when he was out. He
As soon as Yaël and Wade were out of his eyesight, they started laughing and didn’t stop until they were in her apartment, dyeing her hair again.
Peter frowns under his mask, still waiting for Karen to continue her identifying-scan of the Cat’s face. So far she seems to have no luck. He can’t speak, afraid of her hearing it. Instead, he just decides to go along for now.
“No, you just didn’t want to be seen with me. And, okay, that hurts, but I can live with that for now. But
“You know what, Rogers? I get that you’re scared – I know I’ve been close. But I’ve beaten this thing a few times before, and I can do it again.” Mr. Stark then turns towards Peter with his marker again.
Yaël opened her eyes and stood in the familiar forest once again. Okay, so she fell asleep, oops. She’d surely have a sore neck the next morning from sleeping in the sofa.
“Shit,” Steve repeats. Tony has never heard him cuss as much as in here. It’s kind of amazing.
“No that’s okay, Mrs. Potts doesn’t make appointments for Mr. Stark anymore since she became C.E.O. of Stark Industries. I’ll just schedule in your appointment and all will be done,” the man says. Peter figures he should be looking for a name at least, so he starts looking at the man’s clothes, only to find that there’s no name-tag or anything.
“Yeah, fun stuff,” Peter mutters out. He blinks twice when he sees Raido raise his hands in the air, trying to catch a snowflake. Is it him, or is the kid’s skin coloring blue? “What have you been up to?”
“We can’t choose how our head works, I guess,” Peter responds. “After my uncle died, my aunt grieved, but eventually moved on. Somehow, my head chose not to do that, instead messing with my hormones and deciding not to produce enough serotonin.”
“TALK!” Peter finds himself shouting before he realizes it. “That’s always been your issue, it actually still kind of is right now in my universe. You two never talk, and whenever you’re arguing, you always just try to fix it with actions rather than with words!”
It goes on and on, explaining that they’ll need to have their powers analyzed to categorize their threat level. They can’t cross international boundaries at any time they wish, they need clearance. Every bit counters what Sue is feeling on the matter. It had taken her a while to accept the role she has in this world, but now they’re throwing it all overboard once again, making it something completely worse.
“I might have had feelings for somebody else? I don’t really know, it might be shitty of me, but I thought that being with Harry might make me forget about the guy.”
Without thinking too much, Peter fishes out his phone again, pulling up a picture from a little while back. It’s one taken by Tony, who just had to capture the moment. Steve and Peter are outside with the other Avengers, who had decided to play a game of baseball. Peter, having admitted that he never played it before, got a small, quick lesson from Steve. The picture Tony took is from when Peter ran a homerun and was pulled up on Steve’s shoulder for his victory.
One look down quickly makes him think twice about that plan.
“What the fuck, dude?” Peter bites out before turning around. He leaves the party without saying anything to anybody, leaving Johnny behind.
“You want to know how he slowly comes up to me, pulls my shirt back over my head again while subtly letting his fingers travel all over my chest? How he lies down on the bed, pulling me along? Giving me that smile with those perfect lips of his? Telling me he loves me? Me telling him I love him? How I slowly go down with my hand on his stomach, getting lower and lower until I grab his di-“
“In my glass? Seriously? That’s so cliché, Tony,” Pepper laughs. Tony shrugs.
Holy shit, yes he does know what it does. It’s an experience he never wants to have again. And, sick? Tony Stark being sick is something Peter can’t really imagine.
“I know, and a gentleman should take care of his drunk boyfriend, don’t you think?” Tony asks him playfully. Steve hums out again.
“Aren’t you listening, maybe I’m some kind of messenger with a goal!”
If Peter would just introduce himself as Tony’s son from another universe, this Tony would look him up. Peter would be giving him hope that he’s not alone, make him happy that he has an heir – which Peter knows was an issue for Tony before he knew about Peter being his son. And when this Tony will then find out that his son is dead, that he died before he even got to meet him… Peter can not do that to this Tony.
Peter tips the box over completely, and indeed a cable on an adaptor falls out of it.
“Nobody would be fine if they went through something like that!”
(See the end of the chapter for
His hands are stuffed in his pockets, and his hair is slowly getting wet from the drops falling into it. He’s only aware that there’s a tear rolling out of his eyes when his eyes actually start to sting.
“I can’t, you need to help me up. I’m seventy, you know.”
Steve just laughs uncertainly, passing a hand through his hair. Pepper doesn’t fail to notice the reddened cheeks he’s sporting.
“Great,” Yaël sighed.
Coming across a certain Wakandan Prince carrying a bound Helmut Zemo back to his own aircraft, they came to an understanding. Tony would take the quinjet, and T’Challa promised to take Steve and Barnes along with them. At least that way Tony knew that Steve would safely find his way out.)
“He even left the phone here, said that he didn’t want to take it with him,” Happy says, nodding towards Tony’s nightstand where, indeed, a phone is resting along with a charger.
“It’s okay, sir,” Yaël said as she put her hand on his shoulder, a bit troubled by the IV. “I had to remember it somehow, right? It’s a part of me… Now, can somebody help me out of this bed?”
“It’s good to see you, Peter,” Harry Osborn answers fondly.
Peter grumbles to himself, but then he shakes his head. “I’m not even mad at you. But wait, what did you do?”
“Don’t you have a father-overload now?” Yaël joked, knowing that Steve already acted like a dad towards literally everyone. Her friend grinned.
“I left my friends with Bruce!”
“So, how is she?” Tony asks, not even caring that this interview is not going the way it’s supposed to go. There’s time to ask his usual questions later, right now all he needs is to know if Mary’s okay.
“Dude what’s this thing made off?” Peter asks in surprise, trying to calm his stomach down. The captain chuckles and then stops right in front of another car, Peter almost flying off of it.
Not that he minds, he seems to find her a good conversation-partner, despite the fact that she often doesn’t respond to his stupid jokes.
"You're making a polaroid?" Peter wonders out loud. Tony sighs and shakes his head.
“He’s there!” Peter says, pointing his way. Tony and Sue both follow his finger.
“Yes,” Tony admits. It’s best to just agree to anything they’ve got.
“Holy shit, Korg! You can’t just storm into rooms like that! What are you doing?” Yaël grumbled, aiming her hand back to the arena, together with her other hand.
“Oh no,” he mutters automatically, a reaction he’s come to adopt from Peter. He’s had his fair number of run-ins with Deadpool, given the fact that the guy seems to have one gigantic crush on Peter that will probably never be reciprocated.
The only part Peter hated about the call is the honesty Steve keeps at all times. So when Peter asked him if Steve was actually planning on breaking up with Tony, he didn’t like the answer.
In the end, Hawkeye is the only one remaining.
Seeing an old lady walking the same street for the fifth time, he decides to come down and help her. She offers him a churro as thanks after he showed her the way. He eats that on the roof of a building while he toys around a bit with his web shooters. Tony has been amusing himself ever since Peter gave him the formula to create the web fluid. He’s been making tons of stuff Peter could use – maybe even too much. Peter can’t catch up!
Following the hallway – there’s not much else to go to – he comes to an elevator shaft. The elevator is going down; somebody’s in there. Tony opens up the doors and lets the suit bring him down. There’s a loud thud once he reaches down on the car.
After a deep intake of breath, something is finally said.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Sharon says, meaning it. “I know how much she meant to you.”
“You know I definitely would,” Tony adds. “Right, Peter?”
“How long have I been out here?” he asks.
“Oh god!” she grunted. “I hope he doesn’t think I’m going to stay with the freaking Asgardians for the rest of my life. And I can assure you, I live a long life!”
Peter was buried under blankets, his hand was hanging out of the bed and his hair looked as messy as anyone’s hair would look while sleeping. Crap, what now? She should leave him alone, right? Yup, she should go, like, right now. Maybe she should leave a note? Yeah, that was probably a good idea. So Yaël left his room again, searching for a paper and a pen.
“Your mother was pregnant,” he admits. Steve freezes next to him. Peter closes his eyes with a smile appearing on his lips.
Pink Floyd - High Hopes
“Is it alright by you if I check your eyes for a moment?” she asks. Tony nods, letting the woman point up the pen – which is a light, he’s already figured. But the doctor doesn’t shine at all, just taking one quick look at Tony’s eyes before lowering the light again. “The white of your eyes appear yellow, Mr. Stark.”
Everything in his body is telling him not to stop. His mind is telling him otherwise. But maybe, for once, Tony shouldn’t listen to his brain. What could be the harm in this, after all?
Things have been weird since then. And at first Peter was too glad for surviving that he never thought to question it. After that, there was graduation, moving out, the Compound being struck by a meteor, college… No, he never really took the time to get everything straight. He can barely even remember what’s been happening in the past few weeks since college started. It’s all… vague.
It’s still out there. It could still be in the tower! Is it possible? Could FRIDAY sense it?
Tony raises another eyebrow, and Natasha waits for a few seconds, wondering what he’s going to do now. Is he going to tell it anyway? Is he going to refuse?
The person doesn’t answer. Tony doesn’t need his voice to know who it is. He smiles, and holds out his hand. The person waits a few seconds but then comes closer. His hand is outstretched as well, fingers touching Tony’s, giving him warm chills all over his body.
Chapter warnings:
Technically it's the next day since it's past midnight. The fact that I'm posting this so soon, next to being crazy impatient, is the fact that I'm not at home the entire day and won't be able to post the chapter before rather late. So, better to have it sooner, I suppose!
“Holy crap,” Peter calls out. There’s something he should have known long ago, he realizes. How does MJ even know this before him? Peter never really heard Tony talk Italian once since he’s known him. It’s too bad, it could have been kind of badass to hear.
Nobody stops him when he opens the bottle. There’s laughter, and low murmuring. Especially when Clint starts introducing himself to the Sousas while holding his glass in his hand. Peter even notices Brunnhilde moving towards the bottle to fill her glass with actual alcohol this time.
“Uh,” Tony gets out, squinting a bit, not knowing if he’s reading this right. “One,” he adds, uncertain. He’s pretty sure that can’t be correct, but it’s exactly what his sensors are seeing.
“Or the woman with the dark clothes, who seems to live with the motorcycle-man.” Wanda. “And of course the man in the wheelchair. And not to forget, the man with the weird skin condition.” Yaël snorted.
But instead of turning towards Steve immediately, Tony keeps to himself. He holds Peter’s hand, takes May’s place in stroking through Peter’s hair in a sudden need of touch.
“Peter’s room is the first one on the right,” he instructs. After that, he heads towards his own bedroom to put Steve down at last. Steve starts struggling once Tony starts undressing him.
“You hated the song with every fiber in your heart right up until that dance,” Steve sighs out happily with a small smile on his lips.
If only he could go back in time, meet Peter back when he was about the same age Raido is now.
“So I have my own override-codes and all?” Peter asks, wondering if he might be searching too far for it.
He hesitates on doing it; what if she doesn’t want it? What if he’s read all the signs wrong? What if it’s another best friend that she likes? It could be Ned, for all he knows, right? Not that she’s ever shown any interest in the guy, either, of course.
Tony stays quiet after that, lowering his gaze and eventually turning back on the tablet. Peter doesn’t know if he managed to change Tony’s mind.
“This bloody cave…” Lopt grumbled at himself. Memory-Yaël’s eyes fell shut while she was standing. She was fighting against it, but her energy was long gone. The flames felt way too hot, like she was standing in the fire. Lopt was still fiddling with the branches when Yaël told him she was going back to sleep. He looked up and raised an eyebrow when she started to step away from the fire.
couldn’t be the one to fix his best friend, but he’s glad
The only freaking reason he’s going for this stupid internship is to be
Tony doesn’t interrupt her as she struggles with her words.
The Cat seems happy with the answer, nodding towards the empty spot next to her. Peter sighs but sits down on the edge after all. Besides, if he falls he’ll just swing some webs. There’s enough tall buildings around here.
“Yeah, Steve’s like… like a father to me,” he explains. Gwen sighs, then.
“That’s not fair, Charles! There are people out there who studied years for this stuff and you ask me, a complete art-failure, to teach arts and music education. I can’t even read musical notes!”
Tony promises. Steve nods, jumping over a fallen tree. He’s aware that there’s tears over his cheeks, but he ignores them as best as he can.
She felt a bit frustrated after that phone call. Somehow, she had hoped X had answers for her, but he had none. Maybe she should call Fury? Last time, he let his assistant pick up in his place. But there was no harm in trying, right?
“Uh, hey guys,” Tony then greets them. “You guys heading somewhere?”
Peter scoffs, thinking of how this is mostly what the Avengers keep on saying to him. He’ll show then what he’s worth; he fought off the lizard on his own, didn’t he? Or Electro? And he did that without the help of all the Avenger’s high-tech toys.
According to his AI, Tony’s often working in the workshop. And at first, Peter liked to join him, until he showed more interest in Mary’s field of work rather than Tony’s. The same thing goes for Thomas, who, in fact, doesn’t want anything to do with science at all. Then, with Tony mostly just working, it turns out he never really makes much time for his children. Natalee’s still innocent enough at eight years to still be happy to see him whenever she can. Thomas, who’s thirteen, and Peter, who’s fifteen, both grew out of that phase and have grown to dislike him.
Peter taps his pencil on the paper, looking at the formulas and wondering why people would think this hard. Chemistry is like a second language to him, it’s hard
“I’m sorry, I’ve just been preparing myself for it these past two weeks, I suppose,” Steve mutters out, thought the tension stays in his stance.
“You’re recording everything, right?”
After having caught up with the news about what Peter did in Washington, Tony wants to call him. There’s much he wants to tell him; that he’s proud, that he knew he would become someone great. But he finds it harder than he’d expect.
It was safe to say that, if Peter adored her at first, now he literally loved her. Especially when she asked after his health during class, reminding him to take it slow.
like this before, and to be honest it scares him a bit.
“Well, I’ll see. So far hasn’t peaked my interest,” Peter mutters with a shrug.
He catches a glimpse of Adrian Toomes somewhere on his left. He frowns the moment he sees him sitting there. There’s nobody else, which is good. As long as nobody thinks about sitting with him, he can do this as discreetly as possible.
Johnny! He puts down the fire, shakes his body a bit, and then waves at Peter. He hurries to the door to let him in, giving Johnny a wide smile. They might only know each other a couple of months, but it’s easy to say he’s already become one of Peter’s best friends. Sure, Ned and Harry are his best friends, too, but Johnny is actually the only one who goes out on patrol with him regularly.
“Do you tell yourself that in the mirror every morning? Is it a confidence-exercise I had the blessing of never being assigned with?”
Yaël nodded. “Yeah, something like that. You know, if you see me do it, you’re allowed to make me stop. I’m not looking forward to a hand filled with scars. I don’t really notice it except for when I don’t stop for a few minutes, then it hurts of course,” she said with a smile. Peter nodded, he understood, it was some sort of signal for stress she unwittingly showed.
“Yes?” Yaël totally forgot about the Norwegian or Sil, but that was okay, it was just a dream.
“I know, it’s just… I don’t know,” Peter mutters back, deciding to bite his tongue about it. “It’s like everybody just… leaves, you know?”
He wants to lighten the mood, to make a joke or something like that. But the words come short. So instead, Tony just heads to his own bedroom door, opening it without a word and expecting Steve to follow him. When he doesn’t, Tony nods once as an indication that he can follow. Carefully, Steve complies.
“You designed any killer bots yet?” he asks. Miles shakes his head while he throws back the ball.
Once they get there, Dr. Cho wraps his hands up, counting at least three broken fingers. Tony gets some painkillers, and after that, he’s brought back to his guest room at the building.
“Please, you’re dating my son. You get to call me Tony.”
Through his coughing, Peter looks back up to the sky, where he sees the Goblin and Falcon engaged in a battle of their own. Now, completely distracted from Peter, the Goblin’s smile is gone and he’s giving it all he’s got to rid himself of these heroes trying to defeat him.
"You don't need to be an asshole about all of this," the blonde man sighed.
“No, no, no everything’s fine. I didn’t invite anybody,” he quickly says. His word is proven wrong when there’s a sudden knock on the door.
“But MJ, I-“ Peter returns. MJ shakes her head and takes another step back.
“That’s alright, I can fill it in right now,” Peter says, continuing his quick scrambling on the paper. After that he gives it to Tony and starts standing up. In his haste, his bag tips over, and a big brown envelope falls out of it, right in front of Tony’s feet. A few papers slid out of it in the fall.
“Hey, do you have a piece of paper and a marker?”
“You can still believe without a freaking building filled with other believers and weird songs, Steve.” He softly laughed after she said that and let her go again.
“Okay! Byebye, Space Girl!” Wade said while humming ‘Wannabe’ from the Spice Girls as he walked out. Space Girl…most kids just called her Yaël, a few polite ones even called her miss Yaël, but a few, those who were all about fun and games, called her
“I know, uh… things haven’t been the best this year. It was a real rollercoaster, full of good things, but also bad things. And I, uh… I feel like I must thank all of you for helping me, us, through it.” Tony raises his glass. “Thank you all for coming.”
“I’m a-okay! I mean, I had the awesomest morning of my life, if you really want to know.”
Suddenly Yaël realized something.
“Wow, you guys are, like, good friends?”
Anyway, chapter warnings in the end notes. There's lots of medical stuff in here. Like I said, the nurse in me took over. I've done my research and pulled out my school notes of last year, so if there's anything wrong, blame my teachers and the internet ;-)
The bell rang. But unlike the other teachers, Yaël wasn’t in a rush as her working day was over already. She sipped from her coffee and looked outside the window.  There were pink and blush-colored blossoms growing on the trees, wiggling in the wind. A few students were jogging around the domain. And to finish it all: the sun was shining. Of course it was, as it was the 2
Wait a minute, was it the stone that was trying to tell her something? Like, what, try harder not to die or you’ll end up like them? Or try not to mistreat your own body or you’ll never be able to save someone you love again?
“Oh my God,” Miles calls out, running towards the figure and kneeling in front of him. “Mr. Spider-Man, sir, are you alright? Are you awake?”
“Are you still taking yours?” Yaël asked, just to check on him.
“No...” She felt like she had to soothe her father, but how could she possibly soothe someone who was dying? She could swear she could see his skin turning paler and his cheeks growing more and more hollow.
necessary. And now I’ve used two of them already,” Peter whispers, a little bit ashamed that he’s been using Mr. Stark’s codes that freely. Of course, they were both urgent matters, but it doesn’t make him feel less horrible about himself.
“Nu-uh, this time you’re not taking the beard away from me like that,” Tony mutters from the bed. Steve laughs but raises his hands up in the air in surrender.
Peter shakes his head.
A sting shot through her hand, distracting her from that memory. Yaël blinked a few times. Great, she had scratched her hand open again. As she put the wound against her lips, she noticed Peter hiding his face in the palms of his hands. She saw his shoulders shock softly. Right, she had to ease him, and she was failing at it miserably.
Peter rolls his eyes but does as she says and heads for the stairs instead. “I threw it against the wall,” he says while opening the door.
“STOP! PUSHING! AWAY! THE! MAN! YOU! LOVE!” Before Tony knows it, he’s rolled on his side until he’s out of the bed, lying on the ground. With a painful sound, Tony turns to look at Pepper, who towers over him on the mattress still looking angry.
“Guys! There’s a seventeen-year-old girl here! Show some respect!” Steve almost shouts at them. But Wanda just snorts at that.
“Okay, let’s meet up.”
This is a good thing. So Peter smiles, closing his eyes. He doesn’t know how long he’s lying there, but suddenly there’s a hand shaking him. Peter startles, jumping back up on his feet and immediately losing his balance.
Suddenly there are arms surrounding him. Not holding him in the usual embrace. Something stronger, making pressure on his chest. Tony hangs on to it as if it’s the only thing keeping him alive. While counting to ten inside his mind, he tries to keep his breathing steady.
“You can head out if you want! I’m sure you guys would like to go to that Food Truck Festival not far from here,” Yann says, crossing his arms while leaning against the wall with a light smirk on his face. Looking behind him, Peter can catch Timothy staring at his partner with an obvious longing look. It’s clear which two members of this group is going to disappear again for twenty minutes or so.
This chapter insinuates that at least a few days have passed since the surgery. Tony, of course, is pretending he's fine. That doesn't mean he is.
Peter sees him again on Tuesday, in between classes.
“Please, don’t-“
Karen returns. Then, almost immediately, Peter hears a bunch of curses in his ears.
“Well, I didn’t expect you to actually
, he tells himself. And to think he was just about to give Peter a present for what happened in DC. This whole thing… it just contradicts everything Tony had been thinking. Responsibility, my ass.
“Dad, please, you don’t have to pretend with me,” Peter assures him. “I know what it’s like, this disease in our heads. In the end, we are our own worst enemy.”
Tony nods before sitting down, eyes pointed at the two men and one woman that have been taken in. They look young; not that much older than Peter. A sick feeling goes through him.
Mr. Stark then says instead, much to Peter’s surprise. His mouth falls open, and his book falls to the ground. With a grunt, he kneels down to pick it up.
Steve directs his fingers to a couple of papers on the desk next to him. Papers Tony hasn’t even noticed yet. He quickly stands up and reaches out for them, giving them a short look.
So he goes to the workshop, lives through the loving greeting from Dum-E, U and Butterfingers once again, and sits himself down at his desk while the bots go out their way to get him something to drink. As usual. He doesn’t even stop them.
Peter blinks, looking at his mask in his hands. Then, indicating for Harry to wat, Peter quickly rolls it over his head, looking at the screens in front of him.
“So he’s like another uncle for Peter, then?”
The mother looks up at Peter, suddenly holding out a hand to him. When Peter takes it, she squeezes into his fingers.
The two next to Tony nod, and they gently walk out of Tony’s hold. He turns to look at them, giving them a wink before blowing them another kiss. Then he starts walking towards the middle of the stage.
Some people are surprised when they see him. Suddenly swinging around in broad daylight, showing off his pitch-black suit gets some reaction out of them. People gape at him, jaws dropped and eyes open wide. Peter finds it kind of hilarious, but at the same time he wonders if they’ll like it. Could it be that they hate it? That would be a really big bummer.
“Who you’re here for?” one of the guards asks. It’s a woman, looking like angry is the permanent setting she’s installed for her face. Peter keeps his mouth shut, wisely.
After that, they split up. Steve went back to the compound and Yaël went to her former room at the school to take a shower. She dressed, grabbed her backpack and walked out the door. The second she closed the frontdoor of the school behind her, she felt the soft, almost unnoticeable flutter in her head again.
After a while, May comes by. She’s picking up Peter again, taking him home. Good, Tony wouldn’t want him to waste his time here. He says goodbye, squeezes Peter’s hand. After that, Pepper, too, leaves. She takes Rhodey with her. Happy stays for a little bit longer, but eventually the nurses urge him out, too. They have it under control, the floor is secured and whatever else. Tony doesn’t want him to leave, but he doesn’t speak up.
“Thor got married?!” Peter doesn’t answer. He heads for the door, expecting Harry will follow him either way. He locks up, hiding the key in the inner pocket of the suit. Then he nods once again towards the stairs. The elevator still doesn’t work.
Like that wasn’t bad enough yet, the scenario got repeated. Peter appeared up high and started tumbling down again…and again, and again. She was frozen in place. Every scream, sob, tear she wanted to let out, seemed to be nonexistent. Like this chimera, caused by the implosion of her powers, took away her right to show her feelings. It was a never-ending torture. Yaël saw another shade appear next to Peter and she had a terrible feeling about it.
Peter rolls his eyes again, landing on another roof and reaching out his hand when she’s almost in his grasp. Then she rolls over on the ground, jumping up into the air and using those wires of hers to get to the next building. Peter lets out a huff and starts running again.
“So it’s decided?” Korg asked.
“Right, I’ll get them!”
Then he sighs, too.
Steve gets a small glare for that, but Tony doesn’t pull his hand away. Instead, he uses his fingers to squeeze Steve’s teasingly.
He’s prevented from answering that when he sees somebody slumping up to him, looking miserable in all the possible ways. It’s quite an amusing sight.
“I have stopped reading your mind once I knew you weren’t a common thief or assassin,” Wanda says fondly. Then her fingers go on his face, slowly touching the fabric of his mask. The touch is gentle, but Peter still wonders what this is all about. “Though I know why you’re here, and I’m willing to help.”
Peter pulls out some money once the car stops in front of his house, and he lets out a short greeting before fake-hauling the gigantic box out of the car. He managed to act so well that even the driver got out to help him carry it to his door.
Tony makes another sharp turn, but once again the sound only seems to emerge from his head. He sighs, and takes the star closer to his eyes to inspect it. It’s just a little ball of light. It’s not warm, nor does it buzz or anything else like that. It’s just… there.
“Goodbye,” he tells her, with their foreheads pressed together.
“How exactly did that message send if the computer was turned off?” he wonders to himself, typing some stuff away on the keyboard until he finds the messaging program. There, in sent items, Tony quickly finds the one message Mary addressed to him.
“Then we’ll do it together; I don’t remember much of it, either,” she says with a smirk. They then press the play button, immediately hearing the noise of a shaky camera, surrounded by too many people talking together. In the background, there’s the clear sound of a DJ playing – was it Flash? Peter can’t really remember…
“But, Dad! There’s this black goo there,” Peter says, pointing towards the crater behind him. Tony looks at him for a quiet second before gazing to what’s there behind him.
“Sorry for what?”
After about five seconds, he shoots out his first web to the nearest building. After that, he starts swinging, letting out a relieved scream at the familiarity of it all. He’s so glad he didn’t end up losing this after going after Mr. Toomes.
somehow.
“Take the stairs down, then go through the large door. That, or you can go through the hole in the wall before we close it again?”
Peter shakes his head, but Steve can’t see it.
Tony nods, still unable to speak. He lets out a long sigh, allows Peter to pull back. The two look at each other for a moment before Tony points his finger at Peter’s chest.
“Now what do you want to watch?” he asks.
“So, this is what it’s like to have a big family,” Harry says all of the sudden, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed and a light smile on his face. Then he turns back to Peter. “Is this what you’ve always dreamt of?”
“How did you know about Octavius’ Tritium?” Peter asks right before kicking his leg out towards her. He doesn’t intend to hurt her, just push her around a bit. What he gets in return is another kick but this time in the stomach.
Sam is more or less the same, but he’s only focused on one thing, exactly; his wings. When he has his turn as the ‘babysitter’, he starts asking all sorts of questions of his wings; what exactly did Tony add last time, what is he planning on adding now? What are his ideas for the future? How about laser-wings instead of metal ones? Each time Sam’s shift is over, Tony is about ready to throw the wings out of the building.
“Whoa, did you fix
“I don’t know, it’s kind of a habit to have braids around here. I think my unbraided hair annoyed you.” Here? Where is here? Where were they? Yaël looked around, but all she could see were trees and darkness. As she looked up, she could see the lines of a few towers and turrets from some kind of castle far, far away, like she had seen before in these dreams.
“Hey!” the guy calls out when the girl lifts up another arm and ice suddenly appears all around him. So, what, ice powers as well? Who is this girl, even? Well, whatever the girl is doing, it seems to be draining every bit of energy from her. After making sure that the guy is stuck, she lowers her arms, drops the tiles, and sits down on her bed with a long and exhausted sigh. Peter pushes himself from the wall now that the danger is gone, but the girl has already seen him hanging there.
“Something’s up between you two, isn’t there?” Hilde asked as she, once again, grabbed Yaël’s wheelchair.
“There are still some tests being made. You, on the other hand, are going to be getting better now. I just wish I had been here sooner so I could have used the cradle,” she admits. Tony nods at her, telling her it’s okay. She couldn’t have known after all.
“MJ dumped me,” he says all of the sudden, surprising Peter once again.
Peter just stares. He wants to turn away, but on the other hand he needs to be sure that it’s still Harry next to him and not the Goblin again. When Harry notices, he frowns at him.
“I know you slept with several women while we were still together,” Yaël pointed out. Loki turned to her with a rush, looking alarmed.
Oh, Tony wishes he could say ‘yes’, but after Leipzig, the chances of Steve being allowed to come home are limited. He’s deliberately ran away from the law, meaning that he’s going to be searched everywhere. The moment they catch him, they’ll just put him in the Raft along with the others. Another shiver passes through Tony at the idea that they’re all stuck there.
“I would love to dance with you, Tony,” Steve assures him. “Though I don’t know how?”
Happy asks, obviously having heard that.
“Cool! Is she cute? Who is she? Do I know her?” Yaël couldn’t hide her grin.
So Yaël quickly grabbed her stuff and said: “You can join, if you want to,” with a flirty wink, right before they walked out the store. The cashier’s flabbergasted, traumatized face was still clearly viewable from through the window, as his eyes squeamishly followed them until he couldn’t see them anymore.
Tony nods. “Yes, we’re both unharmed, but we’re stuck under a pile of rubble that could collapse with the smallest touch.”
“Yeah, right,” he mutters out. After that, Barnes and Wanda go to their own spots. When Wanda sees Peter, she gives him a smile and a wave. Peter waves back, glad to see her again after such a long time. They’ll get the chance to catch up later, he figures.
"Well, uh... I was just thinking-" the Super Soldier starts, standing at the bar while looking at Butterfingers with his hand on his chin.
Just as a warning; Peter's REALLY sick. As in with all the nasties along with it. And even though I'm a nurse, I'm still not a doctor and I wouldn't know too much about spider bites reactions or radiation sickness, nor about any forms of brain diseases or seizures. I performed MRI scans, but that doesn't mean I can interpret them!
Brunnhilde ran towards Hela and pinned her down with her sword easily as Hela was finally distracted enough, followed by Thor, who broke down a piece of the bridge by using his lighting. Hela tumbled down into the water, which Yaël immediately started freezing down to keep Hela in the water, trying to not get distracted by her shaking fingers. It was too hard, but heck, she was still breathing so she had to be able to do it.
“Too busy with the baby.”
A phone! She offered him to call for somebody!
Peter grabs the phone and looks at the picture.
That kind of makes sense, though Peter would hate it if they’d do that to him. Maybe he should better hold off with officially joining them?
Peter takes the sheet out of Tony’s hands and reads through the words. In a writing that resembles May Parker’s perfectly, he’s explained that Tony Stark is a friend of the family, and has permission to pick Peter up in case she would be incapable of doing so. There’s no chance Peter will be quickly known in school as the ‘son of Tony Stark’ because of some teachers gossiping.
“Mantis, can you get her to the hospital?” Peter asks. Felicia starts sitting up in objection.
“There must be stuff for drawing blood around here,” she utters to herself as she starts looking around. Tony just shivers on the spot, blinking a few times before taking the vial into his own hand. The blood is a usual red, cold to the touch through the glass. In here is currently the stuff that’s killing Peter. It’s strange how this works. Tony has since long given up trying to find out the details about time travel. It’s a lost cause.
Felicia’s familiar voice says through the other side of the line. Peter rubs his eyes, only wishing for one moment that this girl wouldn’t be trying so hard to be his friend.
He’s keeping his music up, his head down and his hands busy. There’s no reason for him to stop what he’s doing, not even to listen to his father talking to Steve – the man who may or may not have some sort of
“No!” he had called out. “What the fu- Nat, why would you- what the-?”
“I don’t know, yet,” Tony mutters, giving the blurred image of the Black Cat another long look. “This girl might not harm anybody directly, but she can still cause lots of damage, you know?”
- Tony being stupid
“Yeah, I- uh… how did you know?” he returns. He’s pretty sure they couldn’t have told him already, right? But T’Challa just takes out his phone and hands it to Steve, who gets to see an article published online.
“That’s the thing that’s been controlling me for the past few weeks,” he says. Then he quickly turns towards her. “MJ, I know you want to help, but I already lost Gwen like this. I’m not going to lose you, too.”
“What I’m trying to say, uh… I’m not… ready? I mean, I’m definitely old enough, and any normal person would say yes instantly, but I… I need more… stability? Assurance?”
The tension is strong when a nurse comes to pick up Steve and bring him back to his own room – where-ever that is. At the door, Tony can see the officers standing there. They don’t look comfortable at all at the idea that they have to guard the one and only Captain America. Tony wishes they just wouldn’t have arrested him.
“Are you dating Captain America?” the outgoing girl asked her teacher.
Okay, yes, he was arrogant, but at least Yaël always knew what the man was thinking. Like, he didn’t really need her to be dressed up so she’d be able to brainwash him into giving her the card. He looked right through her intentions. Wait, was she thinking about Jason or about Loki now? Not Loki, she wasn’t missing his smirks… she wasn’t missing
Yaël heard a splash, followed by “WHAT THE-Yaël?!”.
“That’s precisely the reason why we can’t do this. And why the others shouldn’t have signed. Because if nobody agrees to this, they won’t be able to go through with this.”
“I just wanted to do that,” she says, poking her finger on his nose before turning around and running off in the opposite direction. When Peter looks back up, realizing that he’s surrounded by a whole crowd, he clears his throat, feeling himself sink into the ground.
“What was that all about?” Peter grinned as soon as Jason was out of earshot. “Shut up, Peter!” Yaël grumbled.
“Hey, dunnot call me that!” he slurs out, barely even hearing his own voice.
Peter snorts. “You’re evil, you know that?” he shouts back. MJ just shows him her middle finger before disappearing back in the building. Peter chuckles again.
Maybe it’s the fact that Harry keeps on trying to kill him, and has almost succeeded at it three times already… It’s probably that. But Peter’s had training now. Not for long, granted, but enough that Widow taught him the good tricks. He’s better in hand-to-hand now than he’s ever been!
“What is it?” she glanced at him with suspicion.
Tony has been complaining for the past ten minutes now. He knows he’s being annoying, but he had just been lying in bed so comfortably with his cuddle-pillow breathing slowly next to him as they were starting their interesting plans of the day. And then that annoying call came in, and said cuddle-pillow hurried back out of bed and got himself dressed again.
Tony nods, but he doesn’t speak. Steve then smiles and leans forward to press their lips together.
The guy doesn’t recognize him. Peter still shudders when he sees him.
Then the door closes and Tony is left alone in the bathroom. He rolls his eyes, drops his pants and quickly steps into the gigantic stall where the hot water already meets him. In his annoyance, he makes a face.
“That depends, which one you identify with the most?” Natasha asks. Peter frowns, thinking back of what they all just explained to him.
Bad press. Great, this couldn’t be worse. He wonders what excuse they’ll bring up this time. A sudden sickness befell him? Or are they going to tell them the truth? Tony can just see his company’s failure at that thought. No, thanks.
“… no,” Peter admits. Yaël sighs.
He feels tired. Or rather, his whole body does. Tony walks up to the sink, leaning a bit forward while taking his reflection in. The man looking back at him looks exactly like Tony feels, which is horrible. Despite that, his goatee is still perfectly trimmed. Heck, his hair even seems longer than Tony can remember it?
It’s probably the sound of the music reaching Steve’s ears that makes his mouth drop open in surprise. Allowing Tony to pull him inside, Steve seems shocked at hearing what must probably be familiar notes to his ears.
Steve doesn’t stay for the reception afterwards. It’s only Peter and Tony who are there, though Peter is sure he saw a glimpse of Natasha somewhere. There’s a dinner, and lots of talk about good memories with Peggy. When asked about Peter, Tony explains to everybody how exactly Peter came back into his life, and everybody seems to be adoring him.
“When did the Hulk get here?” Tony jokes, trying to lighten the mood. His eyes are stinging, and his cheeks feel sticky. That probably means that he must have been crying. Crap, and of course it’s the Cap that found him this way.
“Hah, gotcha!” Yaël plucked one of the black pawns, Wanda’s pawns, from the board and put it aside with a wide grin. Wanda frowned, but stayed calm. She seemed to be a sweet, but quiet and shy girl. The wait-and-see-type. It wasn’t hard for Yaël to like the girl, as she immediately proposed to bring nail polish next Friday, after Yaël had been complimenting her for her neatly polished nails.
Steve asks, clearly worried. Peter swallows through a hard lump.
“ pictures of her with the blue and the purple hair showed up. Momentums of when she went to the store, when she played cello and even when she got drunk in that bar with Wade a few weeks ago. “-
“Tony, are you in there?” she asks. Tony, who realizes he’s standing in the bathroom staring at his own face, shakes himself awake a bit and turns back around.”
“Yeah, that’s a piece of Steve you got in there, isn’t that cool?” Peter asks, clearly too enthusiastic about it. Next to Tony, Steve just shrugs.
“What happened to your phone?” she asks, following him back to the elevator but then tugging on his arm. “The elevator doesn’t work, I took the stairs.”
“Parker, sir,” the kid answers then, not seeming offended at all. “Peter Parker.”
“Finally something
“Are you alright, Steve?” he asks. Steve keeps his eyes closed but he nods, though his face looks pained.
It’s not often that Peter wakes up in an alleyway, lying on the ground with nothing but stone under him.
“Hell yeah,” Yaël whispered at herself as she prepared herself for the next battle. Thor used to have the tendency of looking down at her, calling her ‘just one of Loki’s toys’. But during this fight, Thor hadn’t shown his arrogance yet, which she could get used to.
“Mrs. Parker? I didn’t know you were in today?”
“Okay, I think I found the issues in your memory, but it’s going to be tricky to dig into it without you slipping away again. So, I want you to listen to me very carefully. You do whatever I say, immediately, yes?”
“Say, doesn’t your brother have bodyguards or something?” Peter asks Shuri then when he realizes the two women who were with the King before now aren’t there. Shuri nods and points towards a food stall. There, two women in everyday clothing are seated eating some rice from the Chinese stand, with their eyes stuck on the king with occasionally a look at Shuri.
“Well, uh, I was born here but I’ve lived in Malibu for a long while,” Tony says, pointing behind him without really thinking about it.
Peter decides to bail for now. He’ll come back for Johnny, but he’s feeling like he’s wasting his time right here. He should instead just swing around town, see if he can be of use anywhere.
They’re all at the dining table. For the rare occasion Tony cooked something. That could either mean it would be extremely delicious,
"You know what? I'll come to your apartment. Mister Fury and I were planning on checking up on you more frequently, but we're both busy men, as it seems... I'll see you tomorrow, Yaël. Good night!"
“…Dad? Is that you? How did you get this phone?” Another car honks at him when he almost crashes against it.
He calls them up, but neither are answering. When he tries anybody else of the Avengers he finds out why that is.
“Crap,” he mutters. He looks up, shooting up two webs into the air, and pulling himself away from the people surrounding him. Countless thoughts are going into his head while he swings, but he can’t really seem to focus on one in particular.
“We were wondering who takes it in the ass,” Clint says, crudely. The coffee comes up the wrong way, and Tony almost literally spits it back out until the three men are covered with it. Steve’s red face now not only has shame on it, but also anger.
“You’re doing just fine on your own on that front,” he jokes. Peter rolls his eyes and leans back in his chair. Hidden behind Ned, who is seated before him, Peter takes out his (own) phone and checks it for messages. There’s something from May, giving him an update on Tony’s situation (it hasn’t changed). Next to that there’s another message from Wade Peter’s ignoring once again.
The rest of the night is filled with watching Netflix and talking about school. Whenever Miles wants to find out more about what his Uncle’s been up to, he only gets vague answers that don’t reveal too much.
“If he’s so against it, why does he go along with it, then? I am many things, you know, but I’m not planning on being a dirty little secret just because he doesn’t want to be seen with a man.”
“It’s called a bitchy-resting face. Look it up, blue-eyes,” Mr. Stark responds. Steve then glares back at him before pushing himself from the desk and nearing Peter. He takes a small look at the device in Peter’s chest, and then nods.
Tony bites his lips together. It’s no time for lousy comebacks.
"It's still cold, but I'm sure that's no problem for you," Peter says with a grin. Johnny snorts before blowing into his drink. In just a matter of seconds it's heated up. Then he holds out his hand towards Peter.
“Get over this crap, Stark,” Tony mutters to his reflection. Nervously, he starts rubbing the scar on his sternum again. He pulls away the moment his fingers touch the new scar. Right, they’re overlapping now. Tony groans, starting up the water and grabbing his bottle of pills. They’re supposed to prevent rejection of the organ, but he would think the liver is so righteous for it to be rejected.
“I’m not mentally ill, asshole! Look!” She took a glass out of a cupboard and filled it with orange juice. Then she put it down next to the sink, opened the tap and rolled her sleeves up. Her hand reached towards the water, but she didn’t touch it. Instead, she moved her fingers like she was handling an invisible pincer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lincoln raises his eyebrow at him, but before he can pick up the phone to place the call, the elevator dings open, revealing no-one other than Tony Stark himself.
“And I got you one!” Aaron says with a wink. “Screen’s nearly indestructible, which is something you could use I assume?”
“Oh my God, Peter, I’ve missed you so much,” Gwen mutters against his lips. Peter shakes his head, tasting tears through their kiss. They’re his own tears, but also hers. He doesn’t care about them.
“So, tell me, how are you doing?” Professor X asked her with a kind smile.
“Steve… why are you telling me this?” Tony asks calmly. Steve takes a deep, shaky breath.
“You didn’t tell him?!” Yaël tried to look Steve in the eye, but he didn’t look at her, he only stared back at Tony.
“I am not yet allowed to go on missions,” the girl says with a sudden frown on her face. The Sokovian accent is thick on her tongue, but she managed to get through her words easy enough. “I would ask why you aren’t there as well, but we both know the answer to that now, do we?”
So far, the whole place seems to contradict himself. If Tony wouldn’t have known about the advanced technology, he would have expected more… old buildings. What he’s seen so far is only modern looking, standing out with the nature bright and green on the outside. It’s more like the tower, or the Compound. Nothing he would have imagined a palace to be.
somewhere. Of course he knew beforehand that Mr. Stark is nog an easy person at all, but Peter hadn’t expected the mental illness on top of it. Peter knows how hard it is for Mr. Stark; he’s still recovering from it, too.
As he looks up in the sky, he sees Iron Man’s mask in front of him. What is Mr. Stark thinking there, underneath that face-plate? Underneath that permanent angry look of gold and red. Is he scared? Is he relaxed, having done this many times before? Is he angry at Peter for not getting inside sooner?
“It’s not just that, Peter,” Tony stops him, sounding like he’s giving up his act of being alright. He looks miserable, ready to start crying or something like that.
“The kid still has his sense of humor, even if he can’t hear himself say it,” Bruce admits. His brown eyes meet Tony’s, and the smile disappears immediately. “Tony, I’m not a medical doctor. I can look after the radiation poisoning and try to deal with that, but if you want to know more about Peter’s medical condition, I’m really not your guy.”
“I’ll try my best to get it through them. If they agree on
“Wilson only,” she says.
Yeah, take that, digital, wasted Peter!
“No,” she says shortly. “As l-long as you’re here, the Valkyrie exist.”
“Wade, please,” Charles urges on. “You know why you’re here.”
“You know, being up there, bound and almost completely at the mercy of that bad guy? I guess I realized some things.”
The Cap just repeats what he did before, lifting Peter up against the ceiling and back to the ground, and repeating the process a few times.
“Yeah,” she said, “I told you it was bad.” Looked back down and teared the patches off. It saddened her, she had to carry those scars the rest of her life. For a second, Loki looked confused, then, without another word, he left her alone so she could take her shower.
extremely deadly. Given how everybody’s plate is empty now, it must have been the first of the two options.
Tony has tasted love. Has known his mother telling him the three words. On some extremely rare occasions, even his father uttered them out, though that was mostly whenever Tony outdid himself in something scientific or whatever.
They’re fighting again. It’s not as bad as during their break, usually about stupid things. Tony’s mostly frustrated that he’s not really and Avenger anymore – his decision, though he doesn’t particularly like it, either. Steve, on the other hand, still has to deal with Tony Stark, the inventor who has irregular sleeping patterns and is about the very definition of impulsiveness. If Tony would even go to sleep, it’s a miracle. Even more so if he would
MJ rolls her eyes. “Yeah, no thanks,” she says.
“Yeah, I’m sure it didn’t come back to him if he threw it,” Peter jokes, and Aunt May snorts before leaning forward some more. When some random guy passes them by and takes a good look at his aunt, Peter frowns at him.
Peter smiles, feeling his eyes sting for a bit.
So he decides to put on his suit, and swings all the way to the end of the city. From there on, it’s by foot. It would have been his luck if Iron Man would have been flying by, but sadly, the guy hasn’t really been seen for the past week. The very few times the Avengers were called together, Iron Man hadn’t been with them.
“It’s cooler to get a ride from the Spider-kid,” Hawkeye says, snorting and biting his lips as his words seem to catch his own ears. Peter, too, instantly forgets about the heavy feeling in his chest and slaps his hand on his forehead, letting out an annoyed sigh. He probably didn’t mean to make it sound so… wrong, but at least both of them could laugh about it.
“Of course, he can’t exactly sleep in his crib now, can he?” Then he turns towards the kitchenette to see Bruce, still busy. “Any luck on the formula?”
For a moment Tony hesitates. Is it really possible that, just by mere chance, he’ll get to go back? He’ll be able to save his son? Tony takes the watch with a frown, observing it carefully. Making sure that he’s not pressing any buttons, he takes in the unfamiliar design.
“Fuck, I adore you,” Tony mutters against Steve’s lips right before pulling back. Steve’s cheeks are colored red, as always whenever they kiss. Despite the countless times of making out, Steve still gets flustered from a short kiss on the mouth. Isn’t he ever-adorable?
It’s then that Tony realizes just how muscular his son is. In his mind, Peter always seems like this frail, little boy that he needs to protect at all costs. Seeing him here, he realizes that Peter’s not that helpless at all.
“You know more, don’t you?” she asked Nilla.
“Yes, but I-“ Steve starts again, only to be interrupted by T’Challa once more.
“Don’t say that in here!” he hisses back, and Ned takes a look around before frowning back at Peter.
assistant for that,” Mr. Stark says. Peter pulls the shirt all the way down, wondering if this one shouldn’t actually be considered as a tent, instead. It’s obviously big enough for it, anyway. “Okay, now just stand here.”
He’s gently put back into bed, and there’s another hand going through his hair. Though this time it’s different; while Tony really goes with his fingers over Peter’s scalp in some sort of massage, this gesture is more like being petted. He doesn’t dislike it at all, but he recognizes the difference immediately.
“I don’t see why,” Lopt answered calmly. The stranger somehow managed to trigger the king enormously by just telling him what he was looking for.
“Parker ain’t that rich!”
“Uh, I haven’t really made plans, yet. I thought maybe catching up a bit with some friends – though I would rather avoid Wade if possible.”
“I look perfect and you know it,” Tony responds. “Where are you at? That doesn’t look like New Asgard behind you?” Tony nods towards the screen. Natasha turns her head to look at what’s behind her. When Sam Wilson suddenly walks by, she gives the guy a light smile.
FRIDAY answers. Peter bites his lip, pulling out his cellphone and checking the time. Ten minutes, okay. He can find something in ten minutes, right?
“Mr. Stark,” Ross says, pulling his hand away immediately. “This is all good and well, but in the end I’m still missing my prisoner. Your charge screwed it up, so it’s up to you to fix this.”
There’s movement on the mattress; Steve sat down on the bed. Then there’s a hand on Tony’s back, trying gently to shake him awake in case he would actually have been asleep. Tony still ignores it. Hell, Steve should be happy the first thing he did was actually go to
Her phone buzzed. A text from Peter. Yaël tried to read the text, but it took her a little while as the letters started dancing around.
- Arguments
The thoughts keep on going through his brain, but nothing comes out of his mouth. He doesn’t even notice the remains of the glider striking his way until he’s thrown to the side and Captain America’s shield is keeping it from piercing through him. When everybody is distracted, Harry tries to make his leave, but War Machine seems to regain his attention just in time to grab him and smash him back into the ground.
They all but fly out of the building, falling on the ground the moment they’re outside. Peter doesn’t allow himself a moment to recover, instead jumping up again to count if everybody made it out. There’s Vision, holding Wanda in his arms as if to protect her from the flames. Next to them, on the ground, there’s Harry, who is leaning over MJ and Yaël. Peter’s glad he’s making sure they’re fine.
“So far your reactions to hearing are about normal, though I’m sure we’re going to need a bit more testing to find out more.” Strange writes something down on his papers before looking back at Peter. Then, he offers him a rare smile.” Welcome back, Mr. Parker.”
“And it’s not like
Peter’s eyes widen.
“Whatever, I’m adaptable,” he says. “Which floor is mine?”
And Tony finally opens his mouth. He takes a deep breath, starts to speak. Steve blinks while he waits further. But then Tony stops and sags back in his seat, passing his hand over his face while turning away. And Steve’s heart aches even more. He lowers his head, eyes stuck on his twitching fingers, fumbling nervously.
“Tony?” Steve repeats when Tony doesn’t answer.
comes on the other side of the line. Peter once again sags in relief.
got back yesterday. You really think he’ll let you go again?” Bucky rubs his shoulder, as if it’s hurting him. The lack of an arm doesn’t seem to bother him as much as they would have expected.
Another moment of hesitation coming from FRIDAY, and then suddenly the door opens, revealing a light hallway in front of him with multiple doors on each side of the hallway. It looks very much like a psychiatric ward in all those movies.
He’ll have to return for it, later. It’s already one in the afternoon, and Tony is still greasy all over from working at the workshop.
Only bad news, again and again. Nothing seems to be working for his favor. Tony grits his teeth together.
But Peter started to get slight panic attacks; with each police-car he saw, a vision of Gwen’s father followed him, staring at him in distaste at how he could break his promise like that. Peter lived with it for two months longer, but eventually he couldn’t take it anymore, breaking up with Gwen.
“Okay, Peter, I know that what you’re seeing seems real, but it’s not. It’s me, Tony Stark. You know I won’t hurt you, Peter.”
If he could be in love with a suit, it would describe perfectly what he’s feeling right now. After all, the suit doesn’t
“I’m here, babe,” Tony tells him with a wink. Steve looks up immediately, but Tony’s not sure he can see him. “Come here for a sec, honey.”
“But I’m living with the guy?” Peter brings up again.
"She's just a kid-"
Tony looks up, seeing everybody looking at him with a sad expression. Except for Wanda, who isn’t looking at him at all.
“I’m sorry but no, I don’t,” Steve returns. Tony throws his hands in the air. “Tony, seriously. One moment you sleep with me and the other you dump my ass. That’s not okay!”
by the Goblin. Our point to this mission was to start giving him the first feel of self-defense.” At that, she points at Peter, who feels his mouth drop open. He wants to say something in return, but after Wanda puts her hand on his wrist, he stops himself from speaking up.
“What could you possibly enrich to this company?” he snapped at her.
All caught up with his tv-show, Peter slaps his laptop shut and lets out a long sigh. He needs to do something
“I’m not sure, they’re just not using it anymore since SHIELD fell, though we’re not really a part of SHIELD anymore, anyway.”
“I would say that’s more Strange’s area of expertise, Miss Stacey,” Tony says. That’s when he notices Peter standing there as well. He doesn’t startle, but he does frown. “I see Venom is back?”
This time, Peter knows it’s not that. All too aware that
“YOU TELL THE WHOLE WORLD YOU’RE IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH STEVE? YOU’RE MARRIED! HE’S MARRIED!”
Tony shakes his head as he finishes his sentence. “No clue. They’ve left a few messages to report what they’ve gotten so far, but nothing about when they’ll be back. What, you’re missing Wanda?” Tony wiggles his eyebrows, and Peter pokes him in the arm in return.
“Of course it isn’t. I’ll just go help my… boyfriend… I suppose,” Tony says, uncertainly. Wilson just smirks at the word, but luckily doesn’t comment on it. By the time the audio is back on, Tony is already walking away.
“Of course they did,” he says. “They have me as relationship therapist, after all.” Afterwards he moves away from the table and joins his father at the buffet. “Everything went alright?” he asks, just to be sure. Tony turns to him with his empty plate in his hand, the smile on his lips genuine for the first time in a long while.
,” he says. Natasha gives him a wink, eventually running off towards Clint. When Steve’s eyes crosses Peter’s, he shrugs. “Don’t tell your dad any of this.”
“In case you’ve forgotten, I’ve designed a few quinjets. I can make the trip in about two hours! Now get dressed, we’ll leave in fifteen minutes.”
“Bless you, Spider-Man. Bless you,” the man says, shaking his hand and running towards another group of homeless people underneath a bridge, where he can see him share the money. His throat suddenly goes dry, and his heart aches. This isn’t how it should be, right? Peter, a kid who used to have too little money, now suddenly has tons of it. He can’t, in good conscience, pretend like everything he’s seeing here is alright.
“I’ll, uh… I’m going to check if they’re alright,” Vision mutters out, leaving his spot on the table to head towards the direction Steve and Tony went to. They’ll explain to him what exactly the plan is, here. They only just need to wait, now.
- Talks about surgery and liver transplantation
But Peter’s not used to standing in front of such a crowd. At least without his mask on.
“But, I should be working, no?” Peter tries to have cleared out. He needs to know he won’t be getting in trouble for this.
“Obviously,” he answered.
Yaël took a glass of water, sat down and counted the money she had earned. For some reason, Nothing Else Matters from Metallica was always the most popular song, while Era was way less loved. Not that Yaël has a problem with playing Metallica, Wade had told her to do so, but her personal taste went to Era more. She made the most money out of Nothing Else Matters and when she played it, there always gathered a small crowd around her. Though, Yaël knew for sure that the songs she played would sound way better if there was more than just one cello playing. If Yaël just knew someone who played this instrument too, she'd be able to play so much more epic stuff.
But they took care of Ultron after a while. Bruce disappeared, putting a damper on Natasha’s mood. Clint returned to his sister’s farm to help out a bit at the renovations. Thor went back to Asgard in search for the other ‘Infinity Stones’, so to say.
much,” Peter retorts, but the moment the words leave his mouth he realizes that it’s not true. During the whole summer holiday a few girls have been asking him to hang out for a while. At his workplace there’s a girl who is obviously crushing on him and he’s been ignoring that the whole time. And then, recently, when that guy at Mr. Stark’s reception gave him his phone number… people have been noticing him, but he hasn’t been noticing others.
he asked kindly.
“But he did save us,” Peter continues before clearing his throat. “At least, he saved me.”
Peter… what are the odds that the kid would be working with him for weeks? How is it possible that somehow they’ve been together for all that time without knowing what they are to each other? Or at least, he
Taking out his phone again, he looks over Johnny’s text again. It says the party is at eight, which means he still has about an hour to get there. If he goes to the apartment after this, he might still catch him on his way there.
Peter’s been addressed by a lot of people during the entire evening.
- More building up to Civil War. It'll probably break some hearts when we eventually get to it.
Chapter warnings:
She took small side-streets and tried not to look hurried or anything so she wouldn’t stand out too much. Yaël planned on walking away as far as possible and then taking a cab, since walking to the compound would take a whole while.
Peter falls to the ground. He groans painfully, rolling onto his back, tears in his eyes. He can’t make it, he’ll fail. Karen is giving him updates of the current situation with the others, but it’s hopeless. They’re all stuck somewhere, his dad is knocked out and Steve can’t seem to wake him up. For once, Peter wouldn’t mind just being stuck on the sideline, unable to help. Because now, he’s right in the middle of it, and he’s very much still not capable of pulling through.
“Anyway, along with this really amazing woman and Thor’s annoying brother we escaped from Sakaar and hurried back to Asgard, where Thor’s sister apparently was causing all kinds of destruction.”
Peter’s expression shifts slightly, but not for long. He doesn’t wake up, though, so instead he sits down. Steve drops the box at his feet, leaning forward once more to kiss Tony’s cheek before heading back to the door.
“Hey, Andrew. My name is Peter. But that’s our secret, alright?” Peter asks. The kid nods, still not looking exactly calmed down. “I’m going to lower your brother down with a super-strong web that can’t break, alright? What’s your brother’s name?”
“Just let it all out,” Mr. Stark says calmly, gently patting him on the back as they stand here in the middle of the balcony, the Iron Man suit standing still behind them and the wind softly blowing in their faces. Peter doesn’t want to look up, to see that he lost control in such a public place, in front of the father that doesn’t even know he has a son.
(See the end of the chapter for
In only a matter of seconds does Peter reply, saying that, yes, he’s got the weekend off for a change. He’s already planned on spending one of those two days with Aunt May at the museum, but other than that he’s got 24 hours more of freedom before school and the internship start again.
“Good idea. Let’s order Chinese, shall we?”
“That’s too bad,” Steve says, that being the first thing coming out of his mouth since they’ve exited the Penthouse. Tony doesn’t respond, not knowing what to say to it exactly. They get out of the elevator to walk towards one of Tony’s cars. There’s no debate on who sits where. Bruce takes a seat in the back, next to Peter, while Steve sits down in the passenger seat next to Tony. After he’s driven the car out of the garage, Tony takes Steve’s hand into his own and just holds it during the drive.
“That I’m pregnant?”
While Peter was trying to find out the truth about his dad’s disappearance, Harry came up with the crazy idea that Spider-Man’s blood would be a cure for his illness. After Peter – as Spider-Man – gave him a visit, he quickly refused to give it; there was just too much Peter didn’t know about his blood, and giving it to Harry could be lethal.
’, but then he thinks better of it. Harry’s still at the Compound, stuck in strong therapy with all the possible doctors Tony could find on the subject.
Peter just huffs out, waving off the comment.
So, if he’s correct, his mother had some kind of view into the future and knew that Peter would get infected with the spiders. That’s just crazy, but about the only explanation he has. Maybe there are mutants around that can go back into the past? Maybe somebody warned her?
be Spider-Man. He already feels extremely guilty that he’s not protecting the streets due to his wound.
Peter shook his head “No way, are you even a hero?”
Peter nods, following Gwen back into the city. They’re going the exact way towards the Compound, so he figures it’s still standing. For a moment, he wonders what exactly Gwen is to the Avengers. Is she part of the team? Is she just a kid in their eyes? Is she, just like Peter, not allowed to fight along with them?
“You’ll need to sign here. Seeing as you’ll only start college after you’ll graduate next year, the scholarship isn’t
“Great.” Yaël sighed. “Wait, Furry?”
Of course there were moments when Yaël missed Peter, Wade (who, somehow, must’ve had the no-calling-memo, because he never even tried to reach her), Wanda, Charles and Steve. Quite often, she felt guilty for running off like that, like a little brat. These were the times when she wrote letters to them on the back of the photos or on postcards she bought during her trip. She’d never send them, though; because where the heck would everybody live after the whole civil-war-shitshow?!
A blow went through her chest and made her fall on her back and glide a bit. Yaël coughed and blinked a few times to get away the blur in her eyes. Her chest burned and itched. It took Cap a second before he understood she wasn’t going to get up.
And that’s a good thing, he thinks. It gives him time to work more behind the scenes on the team rather than at the front. To help out as
“I always knew women were the superior gender,” Hilde says without even stumbling over her words. Natasha nods, slapping the Asgardian on the shoulder. “You know, you would make a great Valkyrie. Too bad we no longer exist.”
“Well, he seemed pretty annoyed at Rogers for some reason,” Happy says. “Kept telling how the guy didn’t care enough to come over, or something like that.”
Peter is lying in bed, right about ready to go to sleep, when his cellphone goes off.
Peter licks his lips, trying to tell himself he should keep talking.
“Tony, please, no more,” he pleads lowly.
Bucky looks… better, in a way. Sure, they’re not close to even fixing the way his head works, but they’re starting to get somewhere now. Wanda helps a lot, he said. That’s all that really matters.
Yeah, Tony realizes all the more that he might just love the team.
“I need to- I need to see Steve, I need-“ His voice is shaky, just like his hands. Before he can pull out his IV-line, Peter grabs his hands again to stop him. “Peter why are you stopping me? You don’t understand, Steve should be here!”
Huh, maybe it’s not about Mr. Stark? Maybe Cap
“Hey Tony! Hi Wanda!” Peter says, throwing his bag at his desk before running towards where his father is standing. The man just waves lightly, but Wanda waves back. She drops her magazine and walks to Peter, already holding out her arms.
“Close your eyes.”
“He’s alright?” Tony breathes out. He feels Steve nod against him.
The Avengers came back after three days, but something didn’t feel right. Yaël heard rumors of Wanda making a big mistake during the mission. The maidens whispered while cleaning the halls that something bad was happening, saying that the girl should get locked up as a wild animal.
“How could you
Oh, the guy would never understand just how much Tony can relate to that. It’s obvious in the man’s expression that he’s suffering from even saying it. It makes Tony feel a little guilty for hating him this much.
Steve nods in understanding. “We shouldn’t have kept it from him,” he says. Tony agrees with that, but they can’t exactly change how it happened. “And I’m also pretty upset that the rest of the team kept from me the fact that you’ve injected yourself with…
Peter almost wants to hang up right away then, remembering his former best friend Harry, and how he has transformed into something insane enough that he would kill-
The penthouse slowly starts to get crowded, but that’s alright.
Tony frowns, he wants to ask what happened. When he tries to think of what he remembers last, it’s mostly blurry. He’s aware that he’s in the same room he’s been in for the past few days. When he looks outside, he sees that it’s raining. He’s surrounded by doctors, none of which he can really tell by name – Dr. Palmer handed his case to the specialists, so he hasn’t seen her in… he doesn’t even know.
Strange says before hanging up. Tony groans again, about ready to give up on this entire day. All he had planned for today was sex and nothing more…
“FRIDAY, you won’t like it but I’m going to program new override codes. I’ll need to tweak you again a little bit.”
Tony explains, feeling slightly proud that he’s found this. Steve smiles only slightly when he looks at it, fingers obviously itching to touch it but holding himself back.
Peter shakes his head, taking a few deep breaths to calm his mind. A good rub in his eyes can probably remove the image of the Goblin out from his mind.
He tells her he loves her. It’s an automatic response. She stops saying it after a while.
Steve doesn’t respond to it. He waits for Tony to suit up at last. When he finally does, his first instinct is to reach out a hand and touch it. When he catches himself doing so, he quickly pulls back, clearing his throat.
The damage is small, he only has a
A strange, invisible force starts pushing him backwards. Or, no, not pushing. Pulling. It comes from behind him. Peter looks over his shoulder, seeing nothing but a blinding light.
Chapter warnings:
Raising an eyebrow, Tony gives the camera a look. He knows Peter can see him. That’s how he built the suit, after all.
“Huh…?”
“’Cause that’s on you. And if you died, who else is to blame but
before. Then he tilts his head to the side, thinking back of when he was much younger, reading the news-paper about a Russian using Stark-technology and ruining the Stark Expo after it barely got opened. The one day Aunt May and Uncle Ben decide to take him there to see his idol, and a crazy Russian maniac comes to ruin all the fun!
“Where to?” the cab driver asks when Peter gets in. It must be his lucky day, since normally it takes a while for a cab to actually stop for him.
“You were completely gone from the world,” Tony tells him without looking up, tapping on his screen in quick movements. Peter takes a quick look around before turning back to Tony.
, it says. Peter doesn’t react to it, just waiting for an answer.
“You know fights would go better if I could move more smoothly,” Yaël said “In comparison to Natasha, I move like a dead rock.”
“The kid doesn’t count,” Steve retorts. “There’s also no choice in the matter. The others have already agreed and are working out a schedule on who will take which shift.”
Tony smiles back at him before closing the space between them by pressing their mouths together. It’s been a few days since they’ve last been able to do that, and every time they’re separated, it seems like their need to be closer gets stronger.
Johnny said this before once or twice. Peter wonders about it, but figures he’s just too drunk to really remember it. Surely, it’s not that important, right? They wander into the building, the loud music hitting them almost literally in the face when a dancing couple nearly smashes against them in their enthusiasm. The two girls are barely dressed, their hands caressing each other’s skin like they’re more than ready to start having sex on the spot. Peter clears his throat and Johnny and he hurry up towards the bar.
He shrugs out of the suit in the elevator. Given that it’s the private one, there’s no chance of him coming across anybody while standing there in his underwear. Rolling the suit up into a tight ball, he looks up at the ceiling, watching the numbers go up and up, slowly but surely reaching the floor of the penthouse.
“Yeah a kid who can stop a bus with his bare hands!”
“Don’t bullshit me, Peter. You weren’t in your room the entire night!”
It’s Bucky who comes sitting next to him, followed by Natasha, Sam and Clint. After that, their row is filled. Behind them, Scott and Hope take place, along with T’Challa and Nakia, Okoye, Rhodey and May. Rhodey leans forward towards where Tony is sitting, tapping him on the shoulder and asking him something. Steve doesn’t listen to it. Instead, he turns towards Bucky.
He only had one request upon dying; to leave Gwen out of it all.
“I just wanted to go back to earth!” Yaël couldn’t stop the words from streaming out of her mouth until Loki finally stopped her rage talk.
Tony often still wonders if it was the right thing to do to let him keep it. Peter searches for the danger, and never really avoids it. That’s what he’s gathered from watching him in the past. Where, at first, it had seemed like a good, strong quality, now all Tony can really do is continuously worry about him. He figures May doesn’t know it yet, otherwise she would never even let him leave the house.
“Oh, so you’re suddenly on my side now again? Your switching is giving me a whiplash.”
“He’s feeling fine, aside for the fact that he’s paralyzed from the waist down,” he says bitterly. Natasha sighs and nods.
“I feel like I should say ‘yes’ to that to spare your feelings maybe, but no, I’m not surprised at all.” Mary smiles as she walks out of the elevator shaft.
“That’s not-“ Peter starts to counter, but Tony holds up his hand to shut him up. Then, without saying anything else, he turns around and leaves the hallway. Peter wants to hurry after him, but a strong hand holds him back in place. When Peter looks up, he sees Steve giving him a sad look.
go through the balcony? He can easily jump down from the roof, get inside through there. It would just be written off as a very daring and risky move?
Mr. Stark is low again today.
I'm not the happiest with this chapter. Even weeks after I've written it, I feel like there's too much happening at once. There's stuff happening in this chapter that you might think came out of nowhere. I apologize for that; like I said before, the parts with Yaël are mostly reserved for her own story, and aren't too much described in here. There's a pretty big scene with her here, though. It doesn't impact too much of Peter's story, but it does hers, which is why, in the upcoming chapters, there won't be much more mention of it.
“Then stop
‘Just, looking for another job so I can fill in my free hours and work fulltime.’
By the time Bruce has rejoined them again, Otto starts calling people together. The crowd comes to stand in front of where Otto’s standing. Looking at him curiously, everybody waits to see what he’s made, and even Tony wants to know how exactly the guy is going to include tritium in his self-sustaining energy.
“Sorry,” Steve says. Tony turns around once he hears his voice, but with the first journal he could find in his hand he doesn’t stand up instead leaning back in his seat. “Tony here?”
Yaël noticed the warmth coming from her apartment as she opened the door. She stood there for a second, being pulled from her thoughts. There were no more powers needed to warm her water or her rooms, all thanks to mister X.
more to offer?
“Wh- uh, does he know?” she asks, and Peter shakes his head.
part of the team! They treat me like I’m just a child and I’m sick of it!” Peter complains angrily. He heads to his bedroom to grab a shirt and some loose pants before getting to the couch. “I mean, c’mon, after Thanos, one would think they would at least trust me with a stupid giant slow-ass robot, no?”
The rescuing of a loved one is a reoccurring theme in the movies Peter’s watched over the years. Batman had it with his girl in the first two movies, Superman was constantly having to save Lois Lane. But everybody always knew the hero would make it. At least, they mostly did. There is one movie where the girl dies. And that’s the movie that convinced Peter that the girlfriends should never know about the guy being a superhero.
MJ pokes him on the forehead. “Italian is a cool language,” she says before turning back to the book. “Besides, you’re a quarter Italian, too, you know.”
“Excuse me, are you out of your mind?!”
“I’m fine, Wade, don’t bother,” he assures him, not needing another kiss from the guy. Once Wade looks up and finds Wanda a bit further away, he grins.
“Yeah, thanks for that, FRIDAY,” Francis mutters. Then Peter hears Dum-E roll back towards him, so the teenager holds out his hand back behind him, expecting the bot to hand him his marker.
For a moment, it seems like Peter is falling much quicker than Mr. Stark can fly. But he should know that’s impossible. Mr. Stark knows what he’s doing. But, what is that little drop there, in the air? Peter looks at it in long silence, before he realizes it’s a tear. He’s crying.
There’s a short silence after that before another presence suddenly joins them. Steve turns to look at Yaël holding her child. The kid looks much like how Steve last remembers him, which is obvious since he can’t have grown that much in the past two weeks or so. He’s glad, though, that Yaël is aware that she shouldn’t force the child on him.
“Wha- are you serious?” Steve had asked, completely baffled by her insistence.
“Call Bruce, please,” she finally says, clearing her throat while she waits for Bruce’s face to appear on the screen next to her. It doesn’t take too long before he picks up.
Steve turns to look at Tony, who in turn looks down at his body. Right, he took off the suit a bit ago. Nervously, he scratches his head.
“Well, maybe the Avengers. But that’s mostly because Steve lived with them 24/7, you know. Tony never really told anybody,” Peter shrugs. “The reason I found out is because they were being lovey-dovey when I was supposed to be asleep in the hospital-bed.”
“Son of a…” Peter mutters, seeing his vision blur and a hard sting going through his head. There are tears welling in his eyes, and he’s sure he’s bleeding in a few places.
“Long enough for it to be awkward,” he answers. Peter chuckles then. “The boss wants to see you.”
“Hello?!” somebody asks in between coughs. Peter jumps up, practically sprinting the way of the source of the noise. Much to his surprise, it looks like a young teenage girl. She looks scared, red in the face from the heat, with wet cheeks from tears.
“I’m so going to get fired,” Peter mutters, searching for the last-called number and pressing the phone against his ear. Once he gets to his locker, he quickly looks around to see who’s near him. Then he opens up to put his math-stuff back inside and grab the biology-books.
Now, running to avoid the same thing happening again, Peter can’t help but hate every action he’s made so far. He shouldn’t have done it, shouldn’t have gone through with this thing with MJ. Because the villain eventually
“How did this happen to you?” Peter wonders out loud, mourning for his friend. Even though he looks like he’s sitting there in front of him, everything inside of Peter knows that’s no longer Harry.
“In case you hadn’t noticed from what I told earlier, I was kind of bleeding to death on my way back,” Peter reminds him, and Ned’s mouth falls open in sudden realization before turning back around to look at the remaining kids on the field. When Michelle comes to sit by them, she doesn’t pay any attention to anybody, instead just scrolling down on her phone.
“Yeah, you are on next week. Better prepare something good,” Sam says. Then he, Clint and Scott start walking towards the elevator. But right as they pass Peter, Scott puts a hand on Peter’s shoulder.
Goddammit, it’d better be the pope waiting for her, waking her up like that. After a few minutes, she had dug up wearable clothes and walked out of her room. Steve was making small-talk with…Peter? What was he doing here?
“Okay, so I’m going to lower you down through this window, alright?” Peter asks. The younger kid shakes his head and grabs for his arm, in search of reassurance. The older brother nods.
“You would like that, wouldn’t you?” Steve got in return, and Steve felt his cheeks warm up once again. He cleared his throat, and cast his eyes away, suddenly noticing something on the nightstand next to the bed.
- Umbrella's (you know what I mean)
Yaël didn’t hear or see Peter’s reaction. The only thing she could think of, was that she’d give a million dollars to go play Requiem For A Dream on the streets right now. But she couldn’t, because she didn’t have a cello in the compound and she wasn’t free to go to Charles whenever she wanted. Hell, someone even arranged her a driver to bring her to school and back at the exact time her classes were over, so she didn’t even have the time to talk to Charles or practice the cello.
“You got a passport?” Tony continues. Peter frowns, thinking back of the passport Tony had gotten him and Aunt May to prepare for their holiday in a few weeks.
On the left corner, the date is written.
“Yeah, uh, in my universe you do, though I’m the only one,” Peter says, grinning widely. He knows it’s not that convincing a smile, but he tries. Tony just eyes him curiously before shrugging.
T’Challa doesn’t return. Steve can’t try and talk to him again. Clint and Bucky agree that he needs to stay away from New York, that it’s too dangerous and that Tony has enough people looking after him. They’re just worried about everybody’s safety here, Steve can understand that.
Peter yawns, feeling like he’s about ready for bed. He hasn’t had any classes today, but mostly just introductions. There are a few students in his class that are nice enough, but he doesn’t know them all that well, yet. He spent lunch with Johnny and MJ, getting dirty looks from Flash. Felicia’s is a face he hasn’t spotted at all, but that’s okay. He’s sure he’ll run into her eventually. Maybe he should properly introduce her to Johnny. They could hang out.
Happy makes it in three. By the time they’re there, Tony jumps out of the car, almost stumbling onto his knees in his attempt to run towards the workshop. The suits aren’t in the Tower. They’re Avengers-business, and Tony keeps everything related to the Avengers out of his house. If it was for him, he wouldn’t even be using one of these suits anymore.
It’s more flexible, more durable. He doesn’t sweat in it, doesn’t get lines in his skin from it being too tight in some places. The lenses they’ve installed on it even help him focus on stuff more than the previous sunglasses did.
“Yeah, he, uh… I don’t know, he doesn’t seem to be doing so well,” Peter admits, thinking back of the last phone-call he’d just gotten only a few hours earlier. The way Tony looked… it seemed like he was about to lose it again, and Peter didn’t like it a single bit.
“Yeah, sure! I’m on my way!” Miles answers happily. He turns to look at MJ and Ned, the both of them already holding up their hands.
“You know how old my old man was when he had me,” he points out. Rhodey gives him an unimpressed look.
“Nilla,” Yaël greeted her sister while opening the door.
“Thank you, Wade,” he says truthfully. Wade seems shocked for a moment longer before he smiles his teeth bare, truthful look gone from his eyes, replaced by the playful grin.
But because it was Vision, Yaël didn’t ask any questions.
Peter’s also smiling. That’s not something Steve would have expected to see so soon after the week they’ve just got. He realizes that Tony’s just as speechless as he is.
Still, he got a few words from his Aunt, who ended up driving both him and Ned – who is wearing a freaking cowboy hat! – to Liz’ house.
“Listen, you can make it as long as you want, Thor. I just think you would make it a whole lot easier on yourself if you make it a bit shorter.”
“HOLY LACTOSE-INTOLLERANT COW, YAËL! DON’T SPOIL EVERYTHING!” Wade yelled a bit hysterical.
“You know what? I’m actually kind of hurt you see people with troubles like broken dolls.” Peter clearly hadn’t forgotten what their conversation had been about. Yaël bit her lip, she clearly messed up by saying that.
“Steve,” she returns shortly before sitting down on the couch and taking out her cellphone to pretend and read a few messages. She figures it’ll be a while before they head out.
“Of course you can, honey,” Yaël answered. She didn’t have a slightest thing against beliefs, but if a belief, preaching for hope and love, kicked you out for being in love, then there was something very,
When she looked up, she saw Peter sitting up in his bed, completely drained.
“Looks like they’re back in action,” the scientist comments. Peter nods, dropping his phone and pencil. Now that the door is open, the argument is a bit clearer, though Peter tries not to listen to it.
“Who’s Steve?” she asks with a curious look after she’s changed the bags. “A friend?”
that would make sense.
Tony finishes filling in the form, afterwards offering the paper back to Peter with his pen pointing at an empty line.
“I convinced the boss I’m clear,” Tony says with a wink, groaning a bit when he stands up and Peter, who had been in the middle of drinking, chokes on the hot liquid.
“Suit?” Peter mumbles, looking down at his body and finding that he’s indeed still in the uniform. That’s weird, he doesn’t remember going out on patrol tonight? Though, there’s a lot he doesn’t remember, really. He shouldn’t be too surprised.
“I can help, too?” Scott suggests. Hope gives him a smile and puts a hand on his cheek before patting him three times.
“Uh, Dad, how are you even here? I thought you were in India?” Peter asks in confusion. He can clearly remember Tony leaving only yesterday. He can’t just have flown back to fish Peter out of the water.
Tony Stark has been a man known for wearing multiple things. Expensive suits, Iron Man Armors, clothes fit for the workshop that are allowed to be destroyed with oil stains and, Steve’s personal favorite, sometimes nothing at all.
Tony doesn’t seem to think it’s too bad, claiming that “as long as your clothes were still on, there’s nothing to be embarrassed about.” Though that isn’t helping him at all. Peter just rather spends the entire day on the couch, hating himself for ever going to that party. Tony leaves him be, but he likes to make him know that it’s his ow fault for feeling like this.
Tony nods, and then there’s another quiet moment.
Peter figures that he’s smarter than average. He barely has to study for his grades to be perfect, is way ahead of everybody in his own class, and to make it better, now he can think a lot faster than any other person can due to his powers.
Yaël says, and Peter’s mouth falls open.
“Do I need to remind you that your dear beloved
Peter turns around in surprise, seeing the Black Cat standing there with her hands on her hips. The lipstick she was wearing is a bit smudged. He clears his throat, averting his eyes from those strong green eyes, or that cleavage that suddenly seems to be standing out even more.
“Are you married?”
“Or course not, Mr. Stark! I’ll try to be very careful!” Peter returns, glad that the guy was simply messing with him. Now, Peter looks around to try and see where he can be of use.
Tony can only stare at the super soldier; the last time he’s seen Steve dressed like this was back at the party right before the Ultron disaster happened. He’d been eyeing the soldier already back then, but never really thought anything of it because he was still with Pepper. Now, though, he can’t remember how he would not have kissed the guy on the spot.
), and now these supposed blackouts. Peter’s never been so close to nauseated outside of a disease. With his tablet on his lap and a few teardrops having fallen on them, Peter takes a shaky breath while he tries to hold back a sob.
” And with that, he hung up.
He walks the few blocks needed before he can finally catch a glimpse of the center that has been formed a few years ago. The name ‘FEAST’ stands proudly on the building. Miles remembers reading all about it when it was only just founded by Peter Stark and Martin Li, the latter being a philanthropist who showed interest in Stark’s cause and insisted on helping out. Since then, the center has quite grown into a great organization.
“We didn’t-“ Peter mutters, his head suddenly aching at the information she’s throwing his way.
Walking is a little bit more bearable now. He’s not having the constant feeling of needing to sleep. Sure, he would rather just spend the entire day in bed, doing nothing but regret every life choice he’s made so far in his life, but he knows that, in the future, he would hate himself even more for missing out on Thor’s wedding.
Peter throws the door open and does a backflip inside of the room, landing back on his two feet easily. He does that often, just random acrobatics, but only here. His room at Queens isn’t big enough for that. Without really looking around, he throws his mask onto his bed and starts stretching on his way to his closet, where he’s heading to fish out some new clothing.
With that, Korg landed behind one of the zombie-ish dudes who was almost going to stab some guy with dreadlocks, and blasted the zombie into pieces.
The guards decided it took way too long for her to get up, so as she was still getting onto her feet, they each grabbed an arm and dragged her back out of the arena.
Steve returns, sounding sad. “
- Reunions
There’s a smile on her face when she notices him at last. Peter just nods at her. Smiling is hard when he feels like he’s on a constant verge of crying. He sees Yaël saying something to Loki before she, along with the baby, get through the crowd. People are looking at them curiously, recognizing her as well. But she doesn’t pay attention to them.
“Mr. Tony Stark?” he asks in surprise. Tony’s mouth falls open. Mary just looks at their son proudly.
“Hey hey hey, kiddo, I told you I needed your help. Now come here,” Mr. Stark says from the other side of the room. Peter turns around and nods, quickly hurrying back to his side where he can see the mechanic working on what seems like a-
. “I’m doing what has to be done to stave off something worse.”
“Wanna come and see how Peter’s doing right now?” Tony then asks. Steve nods, not even thinking about the fact that Tony can’t see him do so.
“Why would you read Italian? Besides, I never followed Spanish.”
Chapter warnings:
The Cat then takes something off her belt and throws it into the fire. Peter’s surprised when suddenly all the flames seem to be sucked into whatever device the girl has thrown in. There’s not even smoke, as it’s pulled along as well. Peter turns to look at the Cat, glad for just one short moment that she stole the Vulture’s stuff. It’s only for a few seconds, though, before he remembers that she shouldn’t have this stuff.
“I see,” Lopt answered “But what happened to it?”
“So how did your day with Peter go yesterday?” Steve asks casually when they’re once again stuck in traffic. Tony, who without thinking had grabbed Steve’s hand during the drive, hums out happily remembering the good day.
“NO!” he shouts, throwing a web somewhere against a building and using it to keep himself from being completely sucked in. Next to him, he can already see Steve and Tony losing their battle with this strange gravity. In their individual portals, the two of them suddenly disappear. As soon as they’re sucked in, the portal made of light disappears as well.
“It’s not like I’m on the field, anyway… The only reason I wouldn’t sign is because Steve isn’t.”
“The king doesn’t know about this, but the Queen demanded your banishment just so you wouldn’t get executed. You see, she knew she’d need you and now is the time for you to join us again,” she sounded like joining the Queen was an honor, something Yaël should’ve been looking forward to. But she had bad luck, because Yaël didn’t want to have anything to do with these sketchy actions the Queen was planning.
Slowly he makes his way to the room, though he doesn’t go further than the door. Looking inside, he sees May seated on her chair next to Peter’s bed, holding his hand as she holds his fingers against her lips. Steve, meanwhile, remains behind her with a hand on her shoulder in a comforting way.
“You could babyproof it anyway, and then keep the stuff? In case anybody you know ever gets a baby you can give them away as presents or something,” Bruce offers. Tony turns back to him, giving him a wide smirk.
“Are you crazy?! Just inviting your girlfriend without asking me if it’s alright?” Peter hisses the moment he’s taken Harry alone. They’re in Peter’s bedroom, away from the others. Peter’s not thinking about Tony being there unsupervised with Ned and MJ. If he does something stupid, Peter’s not taking responsibility for it.
, he had said.
“I’m sorry for being so distracted, too,” she returns. It seems like they both understand they need to work on talking to each other more. After getting rid of Venom, that’s the first thing Peter’s going to do. Phone calls, bi-weekly visits, whatever else.
skilled. Now, though, he can let loose at least a little bit, making her think that he’s just a fast learner.
“Thank you, Peter,” Steve says. “You’re too smart for a kid your age.”
Wait, that’s not Steve?
Steve doesn’t react other than shifting his head until it’s turned to the other side, gazing into the empty hallway while he puts his hands on his hips.
kids? How is this possible?! Tony almost feels like a whole part of his life has been a lie all along, and he doesn’t know why. To be fair, Steve never really
Though, not exactly ‘nobody’. May handles it pretty well, so it seems. And so does Steve. While everybody tries to be careful with Peter, the two of them just act like they normally would around him. Sure, they don’t act the exact same way, keeping attention to Peter’s behavior, but… Tony doesn’t know. He can’t really explain it.
So, Liz’ dad is in jail now. That must have been the surprise of the century at school.
Being February, there’s still some light snow falling down, but not staying on the ground. People are packed into their warm coats, flocking together to stay warm in the cold with their hot cups of coffee in their gloved hands.
“Nor do you have to, this whole question is stupid,” Natasha mutters, making Steve even more confused. She just wishes she could warn him about the stupidity that is about to be thrown his way.
In just a matter of minutes, everybody’s quiet. The choir starts singing a tune Steve doesn’t recognize. Loki is standing in the front, next to Thor. On the other side, where Jane is going to be, Darcy is already waiting.
“Stop staring like that,” Peter mutters. Natasha raises her eyebrows and suddenly stands up, putting her hands on her hips.
fell asleep, he realizes. Steve knows not to feel insulted by that; the man had been tired before they even began, and it was only because Steve begged him for it that Tony agreed to have sex tonight.
“Is it possible that something here is preventing Mary from knowing it in the past?” Steve asks a bit more controlled. Tony nods in affirmation to that question.
“Listen, Stark, I have no idea what you’re talking about here,” Steve starts. Tony closes his eyes, trying to connect his mind to the screens around him. Then, he uploads the first file he can find on them. It’s that interview, the one with the ever-so-lovely Christine Everheart. The article appears on the screen, easy enough for Steve to read.
“I’ll see you later, okay?”
There he stood with a cheeky, almost evil-looking grin on his face and… her plates in his hands, which he was already throwing at Peter. What the actual f-
The stank made Yaël open her eyes again. She noticed she was surrounded by broken planes and other junk as she tried to get up. Where the hell was she? The cuts she got from the crash stung, but once more Yaël’s body proved that she wasn’t going to die that easily.
Yaël slid one of her feet backwards and focused on her breathing as the respiration made it easier to ‘catch up’ the air. She tried steering it in such a way she could create another person, but instead she accidentally blasted a stream of air against her stone creation, which of course immediately blew into a million pieces. Her miserable, frustrated cry echoed through the gymnasium. Now she had to rebuild the whole damn thing!
“Finally,” he breathes out while hurrying towards Peter. Silently, Steve closes the door again behind him, but the Captain stays there, not coming closer. “Hey, champ, how are you feeling?”
She kisses him on the cheek before she leaves. Peter wonders if that’s the last time he’ll ever see Liz again.
“So, you have a major in art, am I right?”
“Oooooh, Peter’s got an admirer!” Ned sings from his table, and Peter feels his face heat up. Shushing him once again, he figures he might as well make his leave from here immediately before anybody could hear the guy.
“Preparing for the surgery wasn’t easy. They needed to make contact with Dr. Cho to get the anesthetics right and even then I still woke up during the surgery. Didn’t feel any pain so that’s that at least,” Steve explains. After Tony covers himself back up, Steve reaches for his hand again, holding it close to his chest. “When you passed out I thought I had come too late. You looked so awful, Tony.”
“You know, Sharon insists on visiting you every week or so,” Steve then starts. “It’s actually only because of that that I’ve realized I might like men… It’s actually… not so much the men that I like…”
getting yourself a girlfriend!” Ned says enthusiastically. With a mouth fallen open, Peter turns to his friend.
Deciding to just do it, Peter presses his thumb against the screen, sliding the green button to the left. Then he pulls the phone up to his ear.
Let me know what you think!
“Get to the point, Stark,” Steve interrupted him when he realized that Tony was starting to ramble again.
It’s lunch again. Vision has prepared some eggs and bacon for everybody, and everybody is just enjoying their food for a moment. The discussion about the bet hasn’t even come up today, and for a short moment, Natasha feels a sense of victory.
Tony smiles at him, and when he’s out of the room he turns back to look at his boy. He’s pale, his hair thinned out. His skin is wet, sweaty. On Peter’s other side, May’s side, the chair is empty. She must be taking a walk probably.
“Make a temperature scan of the place, will you?” he asks FRIDAY, who does as he asks. On his screen he can see whatever FRIDAY’s picking up, which isn’t much. He curses, figuring that there’s nobody home.
“H’llo?” he asks without bothering to see who it is. If his eyes won’t cooperate, he’ll figure it out soon enough anyway.
“Wait a sec, are you telling me I got dragged into a fight without a purpose?”
stronger than before with the suit. I feel less pain, I seem faster, stronger, more durable. I felt it the first night I had it on. It’s- I can’t describe it.”
The lights turn back on. The Avengers, one by one, start joining up in the hallway, surrounding them. They’re all laughing, looking happy and joking around. Peter feels the joy coming out of them, and is glad that he got to be a part of it.
Peter doesn’t say anything, only pointing towards Mr. Stark and then shrugging to indicate he doesn’t know what’s going on. Steve puts his sketchbook away carefully and then stands up again.
“I’m serious about what I said.”
like he’s here for a reason other than to stare around in awe.
And a loud voice starts explaining; an explosion, there’s a possibility it’s by the hand of a terrorist, though they could also be mistaking. So far, the people missing in the rubble are Iron Man, Captain America and War Machine. Peter swallows through a lump in his throat.
Tony catches Steve by surprise when he admits to wanting to have kids of their own.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, what is this?” Peter asks. It looks like some sort of shirt that seems way too big for either of them. There’s some sort of sensor in the middle, but the use of that isn’t clear at all.
After that, he turns off the screen and closes his eyes, figuring that the best way for time to fly is by sleeping it off. Meanwhile, in the back of his head, he thinks back over the message Natasha left for him.
Tony rattles on while handing Natasha a couple of things he takes out of his suitcase.
“Would you be alright with me examining the blood? I’m just kind of interested in the origins of your powers,” Dr. Cho asks, the question not really unexpected. But Peter trusts her, knowing that she will not use it to do anything wrong with it. If the Avengers rely on her, why can’t he, right? Especially if he plans to join them one day.
“Yay!” Wade clapped his hands enthusiastically “Now tell me, tomorrow is Friday, what we gonna do?”
Ross says. Tony rubs his forehead.
“That’s not fair, Tony,” Steve says with a shaking voice. His eyes appear wet. “I saw him there, too. I felt it just as much as you did.”
“My biological dad, Tony Stark. I tried calling him but he seemed confused and hung up on me. And earlier I had Uncle Ben on the line, which isn’t possible, either.”
‘bad idea!’. So I chose not to tell you, and so did Steve. That’s my choice, and I stick to it.”
“Look honey! He’s capable of looking things up on the internet! Maybe eventually you will learn, too!” Best to bring back the banter; right now, he feels like that all he can bring up, really. There will be a time for a more serious talk, but right now, that’s not it.
“Hey, you don’t get to laugh, Capsicle! Best friends with Stark and you can’t even work a simple smartphone? The man would be ashamed!” With that, Yaël points towards the flip-phone lying on the table. Steve once again turns red in the face.
"She's not normal!"
“Oh, Peter,” Steve calls out sadly. He pulls his head away a bit, making Peter look up at him. Then Steve puts both his hands against Peter’s cheeks. “I know exactly what you’re going through, and I promise you that we’re doing
“Rogers,” Tony says. The woman gives the two a long, inspecting look, but then opens up the door and walks inside.
FRIDAY corrects him. Natasha slaps him on the arm after that.
Once again, Peter lies on his back, looking at the sky above him. His hands are under his head, Karen reading aloud a mail he’s received from Harry.
Then the two of them, in the fragment, suddenly noticed each other and somehow their first, immediate reaction was starting to yell at one another without any context or indication of a fight.
“Hold up, you’re trying to tell me that-“
“HEY ASSHOLE!”
“I’d like to think we are, yes,” Natasha says, smiling at him before pulling away again. “If you’ll have me?”
“Me too. And hey, who knows, maybe I can come back to school soon? Finish the education? Go to college, afterwards?”
, she repeatedly heard her own name, said by different persons who weren’t even there like Steve and X, but also Raido.
Nobody talks to him. Tony’s glad they’re all respecting his privacy. The moment the elevator comes down, Tony hurries to the entrance of the building.
When the ambulance stopped in a big garage, leading to the compound, a few health caretakers rolled the stretcher she was laying on inside and drove her to what looked like an operation room. There she was greeted by a doctor who introduced herself as Dr. Cho. Wade waited outside.
Well, Harry still
The next day, she woke up with a headache and a random man in her bed. After Yaël had shooed the man away, she got a text from Fury to tell her that she had been behaving irresponsible, so he would give her even less money.
No, I’m afraid I can’t let you do that yet. You see, everyone that once knew you, thinks you’re dead, X had explained.
“Yes, it was the logical thing to do,” Vision responded casually. And like usually, Vision turned to Wanda and they started staring in each other eyes. If Yaël could puke on command, she’d do it. But she kept her bitter mouth shut. Well, at least, these two had found each other in these shitty times.
“My dead boyfriend from another universe,” she deadpans, obviously to cause a reaction from them. The two stiffen at her words, shutting their mouths in the sudden tension there’s going on. “In his world, he became Spider-Man, and I died. Here, I became Spider-Woman and
Steve faced Fury, called him out on his lies. Fury, in turn, decided to open up a bit, much to his surprise. Despite it, though, Steve figured that he didn’t really like what Fury was sharing.
“I don’t really want to go home,” Tony answers in return. He can feel Steve suddenly looking at him, and wonders why he’s so quiet all of the sudden. But then, the bump against his shoulder surprises him.
He’s in so much shit, he realizes. And while he’s feeling guilty as hell about it, there’s also a part of him that finds this extremely thrilling.
“I got your painkiller here, honey,” Steve says, holding up the glass of water towards his partner, who eyes it with disgust.
“-have to remind myself that he’s not my kid, and that he can leave me just as fast as his mother did!”
Yet, he feels like he doesn’t need it at all.
, not a freaking
“You told Karen something about not remembering your patrols? Is that what happened two weeks ago?”
“You’re not getting anything out of me,” he whispers playfully.
“Be careful, Scott, or he’s going to ask us to call him ‘Dr. Stark’ in the future and nobody wants that,” Rhodey jokes. Scott rolls his eyes and starts grumbling something before dropping his mug on the counter.
“That’s a gladiator made of glass! Look!” At least those were the reactions Yaël understood, many other gladiators spoke different languages, some of them sounding like sneezing, so Yaël automatically wanted to yell “Bless you!” the whole time.
Tony jumps up from his chair, passing his hand over everything on his desk and throwing it all on the ground. Then, in a moment of total rage, he turns around and lets out heavy, low breaths while staring Steve right in the eyes.
asking for help? That is a wonder on its own.
, he wants to say.
“Well, this surely isn’t reality, Yaël,” he said while waving his hand to point out the darkness “Anyhow, how are you?”
Feeling a small ache in his side from all the action, Peter decides to take a small rest on top of a building. He sits down with his feet hanging over the edge, and he takes a good look around him, taking in the permanent wakefulness that is New York. He’s never been in Brooklyn much, but he finds it familiar enough to know his way in and out.
are not part of that.”
“Fine, just… stay away from him, okay? I know it sounds kind of… mean from him, but I really think he can’t handle it right now.” Yaël cocked her eyebrow at Steve and he simply stared back. They were doing a little who-would-win-the-imposing-stare-battle, like real adults do. Steve stared at her to make sure she got the message and Yaël stared back just to show him he’d not impose her by staring like that.
“A gentleman never kisses and tells,” he says dismissingly before opening his arm towards Steve, waiting for him to hook his own arm into it. “Shall we go, Cap?”
“Yes, totally!” Yaël shouts with much enthusiasm. The smile on her face is genuine, and for a moment Peter finds himself silenced by the sudden realization that he’s not in this alone, anymore.
“You won’t come back, right?”
“FDR signed the Lend-Lease bill with these in 1941. Provided support to the Allies when they needed it most
“Previously on Peter’s
"A hot piece of ass, that is," Tony counters. Peter groans and drops his head on the desk.
“Now Bruciebear and I figure out what shit they did to that spider and what could possibly be poisoning my son,” Tony points out.
Oh, there’s something stuck in his throat, he thinks.
“Very well,” Vision returns. After that he flies off. Tony’s playful grin disappears slightly before reappearing, though clearly less convincing. Pepper knows what losing JARVIS did to him. But given the circumstances, nobody has really given Tony the time to grieve. Actual people were dying, after all; how could Tony mourn the death of his AI?
He knows, he doesn’t like the emptiness in there, but he’s been avoiding the place, and thus Vision, for such a long time now, and he’s already feeling like a crappy friend again. So after telling Happy to get him to the Compound first, Peter ends up finding himself in the place where all the Avengers used to live together.
FRIDAY says. “
!” Helen shouts out without looking away. “Get me Danvers, Barnes and Romanoff immediately!”
Peter tries to calm himself down by breathing through his nose, in and out, in, and out. While his heart seems to slow down a little bit, his head doesn’t seem to be splitting open from all the thoughts going through his mind; why does Harry seem so calm? Why is he looking like he already has his escape-plan ready? That he’s only waiting for the first opportunity?
“Yeah, that’s alright,” he says, picking it up from the ground and handing it to her before holding out his hand. Chrissy gives him her phone and quickly starts posing with the shield.
“Your dad’s not really the best form of example now, is he?” he returns. Tony blinks once before shrugging. When he directs his attention back to the box, he finds if filled with nothing but journals. “That what you’re looking for?”
is removed from his memory; not that it’s such a horrible thought, but she’s his friend, and they’ve never even thought about being more than that.
“Listen to me, being sentimental. I've had fights with Steve before since we're together. What’s going on with me?” Tony asks in confusion, passing a hand over his eyes.
“Alright, we’re ready to go,” Tony says. “I’m putting the place on lockdown. May, you better get in the observation room with Bruce and Shuri. Things might get a bit rough in here.”
Steve groans in annoyance and throws his head back on the pillow. He’s now lying on his back, his hands resting on his own stomach while he tries to cool off as well.
Chapter warnings:
That’s so not true! There’s evidence!” Raido sounded a bit childish, but Lopt interrupted them.
“Tony,” Yaël bit her tongue to prevent herself from cursing after hearing that name again. “He always takes in so much space in bed. Like three quarters of the bed is filled with Tony and I have to sleep on the edge. It keeps me awake, but what can I say about it? The man doesn’t even know it himself!”
But Peter manages. Despite the constant urge to just jump up and crawling up the walls, he stays put at his desk in his room, his computer purposely turned off while he studies as much as he can. Not that he needs it, but it keeps him busy. After all, it’s not like he can just hang out with Ned and Harry at the moment, since they’re both actually in need of studying.
When Pepper Potts started working for Tony Stark, she never expected to ever end up in a serious relationship with him. To be fair, Tony Stark must be one of the most arrogant, self-centered and egoistical persons she’s ever met before. Or, he was at first. After Afghanistan, something changed in him. Something that made Pepper look at him in a whole other light.
“This is going to turn blue,” she said.
“Your son, huh? Now that is a surprise,” Toomes mutters. Then the guard pushes him forward once again. Whatever else he wanted to say, he doesn’t get the chance. Tony pulls Peter along with him to the next post. There, they’re checked for weapons or devices once again. Peter holds up his hands to make it easier for them. When one of the guards touch Tony’s scar, he jumps back.
“AAAAAH! IS THAT A MASSIVE PANTHER?”
“I did listen, son,” Tony says, trying his absolute best to keep his voice down. “Who do you think called the FBI, huh?”
Peter thinks bitterly to himself, but he doesn’t say it out loud. He doesn’t need another fight with her so soon after resolving the last one.
“Okay,” Wade answered, “that super handsome boy over there, who is achieving money from that way too ordinary-looking couple, will be my next boyfriend.” Yaël raised an eyebrow.
- Mentions of Gwen
or he’ll never think again, Peter tries freeing himself a bit slower. Maybe being fast isn’t helping at all.
“Hey there,” somebody had said. Steve had startled, turning to the side. Sam was no longer there, grabbing some lunch as far as Steve remembered. The person standing there, though, was no-one other than Stark.
“You know, you and Stark have a lot in common,” he says, then gesturing his finger in Dum-E’s way. “He keeps on threatening to sell this guy to schools as well. Though everybody knows he won’t do that. I’m surprised even that you manage to keep working with him. Other interns spent one hour with him only to request another partner.”
“Uh, apparently I had been the Hulk ever since the Ultron-business. They used me as a gladiator of sorts. Thor and the Hulk had fought in a battle, but I don’t really know how that ended. We both survived at least.”
And with that, taking along a big secret.
Tony’s throat is dry. The same goes for his mouth. He wants to speak, but he can’t.
While a new Spider-Man stumbles to arise, the former one is trying all he can to get back to the life he knew.
“Okay, so today I want to see the Viking cemetery,” Yaël muttered against the bird while staring at the map, following the lines with her finger, “So… I need to go north!” The seagull looked at her like he was waiting for her to throw some bread at him, but instead, she walked passed him, starting to roll up her sleeping bag.
Steve’s smile disappears only slightly before he puts it up again. It’s true that he had been extremely unhappy the last time he had been in New Asgard. The last time he spoke to Thor, he had been talking about ending the relationship. Thor had tried to persuade him not to do it, but… Yeah, Thor might be stubborn, but so is Steve.
“Mr. Stark, I’m sure you know from Mrs. Parker that Peter’s had a rough time this past year. We understand that his emotions have been tested, now-“
“Instead of talking about me, I would like to know more about you,” she says with a knowing look on her face.
“Oh,” Peter answered “she’s one of the new Avengers, telepathic and telekinetic and all, helped me getting Mr. Stark’s blood for the DNA-test a while back…I guess she’s a friend.” Peter shrugged, like having a telepathic/telekinetic friend is as normal as eating cereals for breakfast. But, it was a girl…Yaël had an idea.
“Spidey! Come to play?” Goblin calls out, and at that time he throws out some of his bombs. Peter is a bit too late to notice them so the jump to the side isn’t enough to avoid getting blown away. He lands with his back against a tree, head hitting the bark hard enough to make him see spiders dancing around him.
Hitting the ground doesn’t help at all. Especially when said adversary is suddenly wrapping his gloved hands around his neck to keep him under. He can hear him talk, but the words are muffled. Whatever he’s saying, Peter can only understand half of it.
“And what do you get out of this? Saving people?”
He walks until he’s past the duster bin, where he finds a figure seated on the ground with their back against the wall, head fallen forward. The suit he’s wearing is ripped at some parts, though his mask seems to still be fully on.
“What the...” Yaël mumbled while looking at it. This was some freaky planet, man.
“No I didn’t- or… I don’t remember…”
“Oh, and when that Arc Reactor is finished, show it to me, will you?” Mr. Stark adds without taking his eyes off the phone. Peter stands still for a moment, but then nods.
He brings it up during dinner, a few hours after school ended. Peter is sitting in front of Vision, who is once again devouring his third portion of dinner. Bruce is calmer, taking small bites and making sure not to burn his tongue. Tony, though, is barely eating, instead just poking around on his tablet and making notes in a book.
Tony opens up the files and starts playing one of the video files that came along with it.
Before Yaël could turn around to sprint away, she got sucked into it immediately closing her eyes as the light was too bright. Maybe this was what dying looked like. Once she dared to open her eyes again, she noticed she was flying through space. Bright colors were surrounding her, seemingly coming out from nowhere. But she didn’t have the time to really look around as she suddenly, as quick as she got sucked into the beam, got spit out again. Yaël screamed while falling down a few metres, and as she crashed against what looked like a pile of iron garbage she blacked out by the shock.
He’s not too surprised that the car ride is rather awkward. With the radio broadcasting some sort of talkshow that seems to love to speculate on this year’s Tony Stark’s current whereabouts, Tony finds himself fascinated to hear them talk about him like that. It’s weird since it’s about him, but it also kind of Isn’t since it’s about the other Tony.
“Normally? About four hours,” Tony explains. Steve nods.
“We’ll wait until she’s here,” he says. Looking at the phone, Peter frowns.
“My Queen,” he says, voice full of affection. Jane smiles back.
“But The webs are black, everything is black; there’s no trace of color left in the suit. It looks kinda badass,” Peter continues on.
Peter pulls one hand away from his eye, looking back at the girl in front of him.
Is this what Peter wants? Does he want Tony to be his father? To be the parent that helps him with his homework in those few years he’ll still have some? Or to talk to about some girl that he likes? Does he want Tony to be the one to congratulate him when he does something right, or to scold him when he’s done something bad?
N-no, not at-
“Holy cow,” Peter mutters, taking in the multiple armors standing on display behind glass, lights shining on them.
The evening comes to a close when MJ and Felicia suddenly announce that they’re heading back home. Johnny, ever the gentleman, offers to walk them home to make sure they get back safely. They say goodbye to everybody before heading out, with Wade following them (hoping he can get his drinking-evening with Johnny) Peter at first thought of joining them, but he realizes his stuff is still in the tower and he has to go pick it up. Tomorrow, class luckily only starts in the afternoon, so he might as well just spend the night in the tower.
And all Tony can hear is Steve begging him, asking him to stay with him, not to leave him. And the moment the song is over, Tony can’t help but put his hands on Steve’s cheeks and pull him forward for a strong kiss on the lips.
This is Steve touching him. And it’s also Steve who leans forward to kiss him on the forehead.
“He loves me,” he mutters back. Peter’s eyes open for a second, but then he closes them again.
“You mean Mickey and Minnie Mouse?” Steve asks with a chuckle. Tony just grins again before squeezing Steve’s hand. After a few seconds he realizes he should let go for now; he’s already acting too much like they’re an actual couple, and their first date has barely started.
“You thought you could make it more of a game for him? Right there, that was you thinking as a parent instead of a teacher,” Natasha counters. “That boy? He’s the closest thing I have to a nephew. And I’m going to do
Peter managed to defeat Electro. They thought they were safe.
to go to shit.
“Yes?” Tony asks, turning around with his glass of water in his hand. He had not complained about the fact that he couldn’t drink, but Steve’s still sure it can’t be easy for him to resist it like he’s doing now.
“Sir, I would advise you to get back inside and head to bed,” FRIDAY offers all of a sudden. Tony looks up at the dark sky, wondering how late it is.
“Goodnight, then.”
“Alright, then. Give your husband my best, and tell him I’m rooting for any results he manages to come up with.”
They’re on the couch, having just started up a movie called ‘Vvitch’, and here they are already. Sitting close together, arms and thighs touching. One would only need to lower their head to rest it on the other. Peter wonders what would happen if he moves his hand towards hers.
“Will you let me in?” Peter asks.
“Things happened the way they did. Now we have this amazing son who actually loves me, rather than a son who hates my guts. I wouldn’t want to turn back time and meet him earlier because that became such a shitshow.”
“Tony, I’m so- I’m sorry! I’m so, so sorry,” he keeps on muttering against his own wrist. Tony, still too shocked to move, tries to control his breathing first.
“I guess I should have known why you think you’re better than me. You’re a Stark, after all.” Eddie bites out that last part like it’s poison in his mouth. The idea of Peter being the son of Tony Stark obviously disgusts him.
“Hah! I got you there, Parker,” she says, pulling out the picture that came out of it and waving it around a bit. Peter laughs, grabbing for her arm and pulling her closer to him. Where does this even come from? He’s surprised of himself, here.
FRIDAY suddenly says. Peter startles from the sudden noise and starts whimpering in the crib. Tony groans, rolling his eyes as he gets back to his boy and picks him back up.
Rhodey arrives exactly twenty minutes later. A few hours later, they leave a message to say that they’ve landed safely.
He and MJ sometimes work together on pieces on Spider-Man. For some reason, Peter always manages to get the most amazing shots of the guy, and in the past Miles often found himself cutting them out and keeping them in a notebook for admiration. Parker’s got a real photographer’s eye.
He startles when his alarm suddenly goes off, and that’s when Cap’s voice suddenly comes back into his line of hearing.
FRIDAY suddenly asked, having sensed his presence the moment he got himself here.
“Tony, we’re not even marri-“ Steve starks, clearly tired of arguing about it. He, too, comes to stand in the hallway, though he’s staying close to the door, his hand above his eye in exasperation and shaking his head.
Rhodey just bugs Tony in that caring way he always does. Where others give up after asking Tony to do something, Rhodey just keeps on asking until Tony either does it because it’s driving him crazy, or until he starts swearing, leading to a shouting match between the two until they both stop and start laughing it out on the floor. They try not to do the latter whenever Peter is present, though.
“Spidey, breathe, or else I’ll have to take that mask off,” Dr. Cho says all of the sudden, and Peter realizes his mind has drifted away. His chest is hurting, and that’s when he finds out that he’s actually stopped breathing. That’s probably why Dr. Cho is suddenly giving him instructions, right?
The thing that does her is Lagos. Even Tony looks away when Steve takes the wheel.
“What? But, why-“ Loki got interrupted by Thor, randomly joining them as he started walking next to Yaël’s other side.
For the upcoming three days, there doesn’t seem to be any change. With the limited visiting hours that are allowed at the ICU, Peter can’t spend his week-end with Tony. He goes to the compound instead, where he hangs out with Harry for a bit.
Peter nods, though not looking at Tony at all.
“What happened between you two, Tony?” she asks, eyes still full of worry. Tony looks up slightly, feeling extremely guilty at the idea of keeping everything quiet. But it’s what Steve would want, no?
But he has to do it with what he has. Sure, it’s going to be tricky to inject the nanites into multiple skeletal structures in his body, but he’s done some crazy shit before. Just to make sure, he also takes out some of the heavy pain-medication. Self-medicating is probably the worst idea ever, but he’s not really looking forward to feeling his bones being punctured every time again and again.
“That’s what alco-“
“I’m sorry, you don’t deserve this,” he tells her. “I need to go.”
“Well, any friend of yours can be a friend of ours. She should hang with us, maybe? I could use another girl in this group filled with testosterone,” Yaël laughed. Yes, a girl to do a bit girlie stuff with. Not like painting nails, but like watching series. It was all fun and games with Wade, but it would be different with another girl.
“Uh, it’s past four in the afternoon?” Peter says. Yaël looks up in confusion, but then her eyes open up wide.
After what can’t be less than a minute, Mr. Rogers is taking place on the couch in front of him, giving Peter a friendly smile. There’s noise coming from Yaël’s bedroom, meaning that she’s getting herself ready for the day… well, whatever’s left of it.
“Don’t worry, you weren’t going to get laid anyway,” Steve hisses back with his voice still sounding pained.
Steve’s name is written on the screen. Tony shivers, shaking his head.
“Is it an AI? I know you don’t want to share FRIDAY, but I can be happy with WEDNESDAY as well, though maybe slightly less gloomy.”
He’s one step closer to it, now.
started it.
“Toooooony,” Steve returns the complaint with a smirk. “I want to see your face.”
Dropping his phone on the counter, Peter limps back to the couch. Now, pulling a blanket over him, he falls asleep immediately.
It’s a small mercy that she’s pretty lucid at this moment. He wouldn’t want Peter to meet her for the first time when she’s… away.
Yaël then snorts, letting out a small chuckle when she hears it. When she holds out her hand, Peter fishes out his cellphone, looks up the conversation he’s had with Michelle, and hands the device to her. She then sits down next to him on the bed, turning the phone enough for both of them to be able to look at it.
- Tony hates his body
He stops in his tracks when he sees Peter standing there next to Tony. Before either of them can speak, Tony breaks the silence.
“But it was just there?” MJ mutters out, sounding just as surprised as Peter feels.
A quick look at his watch warns him that he has one more hour left before he has to leave for the pizzeria again. He lets out a long sigh, wondering when he would ever just get some free time. With a loud grunt, he drops himself on the couch, forgetting about the box full of books and instead turning on the TV.
“Honey, seriously, I was just trying to make a point.”
the reason they’re arguing, he rolls his eyes and lies down on the bed. With evening falling, he doesn’t expect he’ll be leaving his bedroom again until the two of them have gone to bed.
A weird atmosphere comes up when the adults reach them, taking place at the empty seats at their table. Peter’s glad he’s seated between MJ and Johnny, so he doesn’t have to be too close to Tony, who is seated at the far corner of the table, looking like he wants to be everywhere but here.
“Good,” May jokes. “C’mon, we’ll get some food into you and-“
Wanda, on the contrary, has her brown hair loose. Her dress is red as her uniform, and she’s wearing some sort of black apron on top of it. There’s the usual dark armbands and necklace. She looks amazing. She’s accompanied by Vision, who looks a bit out of place next to her with his brighter colors. His uniform looks a bit like Peter’s, only his cape is golden as well. His clothes are in the grey/purple variety.
And sure, his medication in the past managed to make him feel a bit… ‘horny’ on some unfortunate occasions, but never really has that been directed at somebody. He mostly just took care of it on his own and never made a big deal out of it.
- Panic Attacks
“We already know each other, Tony,” Steve counters, but Tony shakes his head.
“Listen, Pep, I need to get home. I’m really happy for you and… well, Happy.”
Luckily, Peter had given her some sort of signal by trying to call her. Heck, Steve had tried to call her a few times since she left too, but for some reason, she never felt like picking up the phone. Yaël didn’t really understand why she didn’t want to. Sometimes, she felt like she was mad at Steve for causing this huge fight. But other times she felt like the islands were a cocoon, like nothing was important enough to disturb her. Like nothing else except the rocks, the sea and her existed.
Peter lets out a long breath. His heartrate is elevated, and his breathing is going a bit faster than it normally should. Quickly he clears his throat, turning away from the window to look at the city underneath him.
“You know that’ll never happen,” Tony whispers then. Steve starts laughing, throwing his head back.
Yaël put her hand on her mom’s obvious baby bump and stroked it like it was a cat or something. Agostina snickered and lifted her little girl into her arms. Her mom asked her what she’d think of becoming a big sister and Yaël reacted by giving her mom the biggest, proudest grin she had.
He kind of looked like an animal, gracefully focusing on his prey. And for a moment, Yaël had really thought she’d be saved.
With the Goblin still focused on trying to beat the crap out of Peter, the teenager secretly grabs his phone from his coat, making sure that it sticks against his hand. It wouldn’t help if it would fall before he could call for help.
Peter’s aware that Tony’s bringing the Fantastic Four up to date, as well as the X-Men. That’s good; the more, the merrier, he thinks. If everybody’s searching for the Symbiote, surely they’ll find it eventually, right? Too bad they don’t have any samples of it left to make a wide search through the computers for it.
“Wait, they aren’t together anymore?” Peter asks, confused. Gwen shakes her head.
Rhodey had offered to be here as well, but Tony told him he could go and watch it in the crowd instead. Basically all the Avengers are there, not even bothering to be undercover. Tony’s not sure if anybody in the crowd has noticed them, since all their eyes are pointed at the stage instead.
Yaël saw how he pulled the chords and instead of a little blow…the whole apartment exploded. The force of the explosion caused Yaël to fly back out of the door. Something sharp stung her back, but there was so much fire and heat, she couldn’t open her eyes to see what was happening to her. Her arm scraped against something, for a second, Yaël had the chance to open her eyes again and saw that she was falling down and that her arm was scraping against the concrete wall. Before she could pull her arm back, she severely smacked against her back.
They take a drink and they get to talking. It’s light banter and discussions about their plans after school. Vision doesn’t go to school, but he entertains everyone by adding logical comments that nobody really asks for. Ned describes his apartment in Massachusetts, and his expectations of how college is going to be. Harry then reveals all the places he’s planning to see on his trip.
“Peter deserves his parents,” he mumbles. This is probably exactly why Strange didn’t want him to go back here.
“I don’t know, Suzie. They do kind of have a point, you know. Where-ever we go, there’s lots of destruction afterwards that
“I need to find Kitty Pryde!” he shouts as he opens the door, startling everybody inside except for Charles, who has his eyebrows raised. In the room stands Mystique along with Yaël and Scott.
, since Tony never really spent any time with anybody other than Rhodey at college.
Peter’s cheeks redden at the idea of being
That suspicion had been disbanded the moment Peter returned home and introduced her to Gwen, a lovely young girl who was as pretty as she was smart. May had been happy for Peter, but it never really answered what thing Peter was hiding from her.
Okay, no, who is he kidding? Of course he wants to go with them. To meet Tony’s Aunt? That would be awesome. The woman could become Peter’s great-aunt or something!
“People do them all the time!” Peter counters, realizing his breathing heavily from the sudden nerves.
It hurts a lot, having to stop the car in such a short amount of time. His muscles strain from the pressure, and Peter ends up gritting his teeth as he slowly feels the webs slipping from his hands.
But eventually, Tony finishes the speech, revealing that he’s funding all of the projects and making countless of students happy. Then, after a little while, Tony gets off the stage and instead, and Peter starts to get out of his seat to join him, only to remember that, to all of these people here, Peter is just Tony’s intern.
to any of that. We have our reasons not to want you to join yet. You need to trust our judgement, Peter. Trust us when we say we don’t refuse you for any stupid reason.”
. He tells everything while keeping the Spider-Man stuff out of it, explaining how he got into the Stark Internship, how at first the plan seemed to fail but eventually succeeded when Mr. Stark invited him to work at the Compound instead. And as Ned listen, Peter feels another weight escape his shoulders. Just like when he did his story with his Aunt.
“What do you suggest, sir?” Steve asked.
“Pssst, Ned, right?” Peter asks, though he knows the answer to that. Ned just nods, turning his head a bit to the side. He seems surprised that anybody is talking to him at all.
- Sharon returns with lots of news
Until someone knocked on the door. Charles tenderly wiped away her tears and waited for her to turn around before he disappeared. But as soon as she opened the door, Steve picked her up from the floor after which she immediately started screaming into his shoulder. All the pain she felt streamed out while the man held her firmly, so she knew he wouldn’t let go until she was ready.
Tony left the compound about an hour ago after Cap practically threw him out. He can understand that, though, since he’s been there all week except for when he’s needed for important meetings. Somehow, his new assistant has found a loophole through Steve to actually make him
“Talk to you later, Evan,” Tony says, jokingly.
Okay, at least they’re not lethal, Peter thinks to himself. He looks up, trying to find the source of the arrow but not seeing Clint anywhere near. Of course, the guy is a master spy; he can hide himself just about everywhere.
Peter mutters, hanging up almost immediately afterwards. Tony pulls his hand towards his forehead, letting out another sigh while shaking his head.
“I don’t really remember anything. Something wiped my memories.”
“I’ll have FRI call you when it’s ready.” Peter waves at him before leaving the room. He runs into the elevator, thinking first about going to Pepper’s office but eventually thinking better of it. It Tony would ask where he is, FRIDAY would tell him. Besides, she might not even be at the tower right now. For all he knows, she’s back in LA. He doesn’t keep tabs on where Pepper is all the time.
“Steve Rogers, I love you so fucking much,” Peter hears Tony mutters against Steve’s lips. George protests jokingly that he needs to watch his language around the kids, but nobody listens to it as the pair kisses again and again. The bags with presents is now on the ground, Tony’s arms thrown over Steve’s shoulders while the Super Soldier holds Tony on the hips. Peter decides that it’s enough for now. He runs towards the couple and clears his throat.
So, Nilla had been kind or right. Agostina, their mom, had been a traitor towards the Queen, because she had been on Odin’s side instead on Hela’s. And to make sure people would stop looking at Hela as Odin’s daughter, the one that had slaughtered thousands, Hela had changed her name. Yaël sighed.
Once the elevator announces that he’s up, Peter steps through the doors and looks around for a bit. There’s only one large door that he sees; the only entrance to the Penthouse that he knows of – except for maybe the balcony, but Peter’s not ready to try that one out again.
“Hey Steve!” James calls out for Steve. The super-soldier smiles and heads their way.
Anyway, here's a bit of Pepper. It's short, not really contributing to anything.
“Did he do something with it?” Tony asks carefully. Strange glares at him without stopping his steps.
There’s a silence, lasting a couple of seconds before Tony calls out ‘fucking shit and starts pushing some more buttons. “What’s the damage, Friday?” Tony asks.
The Helicarrier looks different than how Tony last remembers it. There are still multiple quinjets on the landing deck, but there’s a whole lot less people walking around on it. There seems to be no immediate threat, Tony figures.
. Stupid shit-suit.
Because Steve is here, and Tony’s chest is aching as he’s wondering if he should punch him, or hug him. Instead, he stares.
Peter’s head turns to the side, searching for the source of that sound. It comes from the door that Peter suspects is Mr. Stark’s bedroom. Immediately, he starts walking forward, only to stop in his tracks immediately afterwards.
“Steve?”
“Baby?”
The thing that got thrown against his head had been a piece of paper. With a frown, Peter opens the little ball it forms, and sees that something is written inside. He recognizes Flash’ handwriting immediately.
“I must say, I was quite shocked to hear she was suddenly staying here. Did something go wrong?” X stopped in front of the door.
She’s saying something, but what, Peter can’t understand. It doesn’t matter, anyway. Slowly, the darkness starts surrounding him, but the further he drifts away into sleep, the less heavy his body gets, until, eventually, he’s feeling like he’ s flying into the sky.
“Yeah, a Christmas present for Pepper,” he said, hastily. It only took one look to understand what he seemed to be struggling with.
Steve says, though he sounds like he’s laughing a bit. Peter doesn’t know, he can’t see him from here. “
“You know shaking the picture doesn’t do anything, right?” he says in a whisper, his face close to hers. MJ has her eyes half-shut, and her mouth put up into a smile.
“You’re all disgusting,” she mutters. Clint jumps up from his seat, running back to his room to get his laptop. Meanwhile, James and Sam start cleaning up the table. Natasha removes herself from the table, instead going to the couch. She picks up the book she’s left on the table and starts reading.
“Why?” he asks, suspicious of Peter’s question. The teenager just shrugs.
A suitcase is being thrown into the quinjet, quickly followed by another. Then, somebody steps on board.
After about an hour and half, they’re interrupted by Steve and Sharon who announce that dinner is ready. So far, they’ve found absolutely nothing to work with.
Steve raised an eyebrow. "No, you don't, but you do get hurt. Now fight me, will you."
“You left your empty bottle in your pants. Peter, something happened to me and now I kind of know everything. I don’t have too much control over it yet so I accidentally found out you stopped going to your psychiatrist ever since you got to college.”
The three of them had been watching some series as Yaël told Wade and Wanda it was a bit of a shame that Peter had no time for them anymore. Not to talk bad about her friend, but it did hurt her a bit though, and what Wanda said after that didn’t make her feel better.
“I think I’m going to refuse this offer, thanks,” Yaël answered dryly, but determined. Nothing this woman could say, was going to change her decision. Nilla smirked.
“Of… course?” Strange returns. He steps out of the room once more, followed by both Tony and Steve, the latter seeming extremely oud of his comfort zone. “Make it quick, Stark, there’s a lot I have to discuss with your boy over there.”
King Eerikki whispered something to his counselor, who walked away after that.
Steve nods in understanding.
Johnny stays quiet for a moment. Long enough for Peter to pause the game and look behind him, where he sees Johnny looking doubtful, with furrowed eyebrows and a scowl on his face.
Of course, Peter can’t complain. Well, he does, of course, but the moment he’s standing next to Mr. Stark, whichever speech he’s prepared today quickly disappears as the words die in his mouth, and he’s finding himself once more holding a screwdriver in his hands while looking down on the next invention.
Or maybe she could call Peter. Oh, wait, no, he was still at school probably.
“Ms. Thompson, I’m finished with the weeds. Would you like me to help you with something else?” she yelled. The Thompsons always left the backdoor open so Yaël wouldn’t have to walk in with her muddy shoes to talk to them. Mrs. Thompson brought Yaël some fresh, cold lemonade and after that, Yaël mowed the lawn.
Peter silently curses towards Karen’s inability to hold herself back.
If she remembers the whole ordeal about Tony drunkenly standing in front of her house, requesting to speak to Mary, she doesn’t let it show at all. The moment she arrived at the Compound, after Tony called her, she’s only been nice to him.
“Get out of here, Felicia!”
“Uh, Times Square trying to get some footage on you guys,” Peter explains.
“Yes, I noticed your silence and absence,” Yaël marked dryly.
Tony clarifies. He must have bumped up against something.
After all these years.
Huh, as if. Just because Peter is Tony Stark’s kid doesn’t mean that the chauffeur seems to overly like him. When Peter talks to him, Happy just gives him this stare that clearly says ‘
“Hurry up or I’m leaving without you,” Johnny says, crossing his arms. Peter blinks at him, wondering if this is the point where he should apologize or not? He could, but he’s not sure he’s not going to snap at him again later in the week. Peter looks down at his hands, realizing they’re shaking. “Jesus, Peter, have you been sleeping at all lately?”
But in just a blink of an eye, Hela had already thrown a blade at the guy with the machine guns. Yaël saw his body crash down against the bridge. A zombie ran up to her from her back, thinking she was too distracted by the death to see him coming. But by the time he had reached her, she had already put him on fire. She turned around to face him and simultaneously steered a whip from the water that grabbed him by his feet.
Michelle doesn’t look impressed at all. Peter doesn’t care; it’s not like he likes the messy-haired redhead. She’s mean, and constantly suspicious, and, and… he doesn’t know what else. Sure, she’s kind of pretty underneath that ‘i-don’t-care-bravado’ she has going on, but it’s mostly that attitude that puts Peter off.
Besides, it’s not like she minds
But what he hadn’t been counting on, was the sudden release of some sort of gas through the sprinklers on the ceiling. Of course, the Chitauri had been warned, because they all put on gasmasks.
Steve’s eyes open again. He quickly shakes his head, starting up a counter-argument to that.
“We’re fulfilling the prophecy,” Thor stated.
“Alright, I need to find my Dad,” he says after a few seconds. “In my world, I found out Tony Stark is my dad. That’s almost two years ago or so.”
Tony can see that he’s making Steve speechless, but he needs the guy to understand. Needs Steve to believe him, make sure Steve knows he’s not crazy.
“Tony.”
Just when Peter starts to hear the sound of the traffic getting nearer, Iron Man’s metallic arms wrap around him at last. Together they drop a little bit more while slowing down – to lessen the blow – and then the suit starts to fly them back up in the air, speeding all the way until they’re back at the compound where a few other people are watching them land in surprise.
“Steve, hi, uh,” Tony starts after his twentieth attempt. “I know, you’re angry. I would be angry, too. I said some bad shit and I insulted you in the process. I’m sorry, I never meant for that. I can’t keep my emotions in check, and I should have talked to you instead of holding it in.”
“They send you, right?”
“Good!” she said. She just wanted to make a good impression towards the man she saw as the big chief. She wanted him to like her. Unlike Fury, who she sneakily liked triggering from time to time even though she always ended up with some kind of punishment.
“We go dancing?” Steve counters. Tony throws his hands in the air.
“What? Pffrt, no way! I’m fine.” She couldn’t remember she ever had been hungover.
He’s been in Berlin for three days almost. When he arrived here, he learned about the troops that were sent to Bucharest. When he woke up the next morning, he heard that Rhodey got the pleasure of arresting not only Barnes, but also Wilson, the Prince of Wakanda
“Sure, come on!” The kid pulls Peter along towards the line. He gets a lot more cheers once the others see him as well. He’s pretty loved in here, and he wishes he could do more to help them. He needs to talk to Tony about it one day.
What is Steve up to?
“C’mon, Cap, it’s not because Stark’s not here that you have to take over that overprotective behavior of his? The kid says he’s fine, he’s fine and that’s that.”
“Okay, so?” He was in love with a man, that didn’t make any difference to her. But she forgot for a second where Steve came from, from which period. Steve’s eyes grew a bit darker, she hadn’t seen those blue eyes in this way many times.
“His sister?” Dr. Strange asks with a raised eyebrow. Bruce nods.
“You’ll see,” she says mysteriously. She pulls him along, making them walk for almost thirty minutes until they get to some sort of café. There she unhooks her arm from Peter’s and opens the door for him. “Get in.”
again.
okay? Why hasn’t Peter heard of him in such a long time? Why, why, why?
“Dude, look at me,” she said as she pointed at her breasts. “These two are almost falling out of there. It’s way too tight!”
“What’s the problem? She needed help with the test, she was even a little sad that you didn’t invite her, though of course she would never admit that,” Harry counters. Of course, he doesn’t see the problem, he’s completely head over heels for this girl!
“You have to be kidding me!” Yaël said flabbergasted. How was he not gone yet?! Korg pushed the button he found and freed Loki from the shocks.
“Are you okay?” he asks. The dark-skinned girl looks up at him and frowns, though Peter can still see she appears nervous despite her attempt to look annoyed.
leaning towards the scientific side of life. Interesting; it only means he’s got that from his parents. They’d both been very active in that field as well.
Her last words ring through his head, again and again. But he can’t think too much about it. And then he cries, for the first time in years.
“Why not?” the doctor asked flabbergasted. Some dude with a bow once told her it itched like hell. What was his name again? She felt like a little kid who didn’t want to have an injection, but her memory really reported someone warning her for that treatment. So after a whole discussion about itching, Dr. Cho decided to let Yaël suffer a bit more than she should’ve and put away the cradle. Afterwards, Yaël stayed in that room for the night, because apparently they were still preparing her bedroom. Yaël didn’t really get why, because all she needed was a bed.
It probably doesn’t really matter anyway. Peter pays the fee for the cab and then gets out the moment he’s close enough. The sky is clear, so there’s no rain or sudden alien invasion, which means that he takes his time on his short walk to the building.
“Yeah?”
“You, dying,” Steve admits. “He seems intent on keeping you safe. I’ve been carrying him out of the workshop every evening for the past week, he’s always working on something. I don’t know what else to do.”
Loki’s cheeks flashed red, which was a rare occurrence. Yaël’s eyes grew big, did she just manage to make Loki feel ashamed?
“I won’t,” Peter promises, still trying to translate Nat’s message but unable to do so with all these balls flying around.
“Yeah, sounds good. I know a few bots that are dying to see you again,” he says with a smirk. Peter guiltily thinks back of the last time he’s seen Dum-E, or U, or Butterfingers. It’s been too long, and he can’t really say why. “And you can finally get to finish that own bot of yours. You haven’t touched the thing ever since I gave you your new suit.”
“I’m sorry, I haven’t met the kid,” Peter says. Francis nods in understanding before taking a look at his watch.
While Peter speaks, Wade starts walking to the water and throws out some bread towards the little ducks, who happily fish out whatever he gives them. So, to be clear on this, Wade asked them to come to the park… to feed the ducks?
“Yes, I do,” he returns, remembering it indeed. It’s a real fond memory, he finds. They’d been going to a restaurant, and after that they had taken a walk. When they came across the arcade, Tony pulled him inside and challenged him with a couple of games. “Why?”
“Y-yes?”
“These people… I wish I could do more, you know. I’ve been trying to bring awareness about it, but nobody really listens to it.”
Peter takes a deep breath and then sighs out, thinking of how he’s doing at the moment. He’s only sixteen, but he knows what the doctors diagnosed him with; PTSD, recurring flash-backs of what happened back at the tower, with Harry’s. He knows it’s the reason why his school performance has been dropping. Why he hasn’t tried to make contact with other people to make new friends.
“I think I’m going to dismiss the classes. You can go home if you want to.”
“Tough, since that’s what you two are. It’s what happen when two men are in a relationship; they become
Then, suddenly, Steve moves up, grabbing Tony’s face in his hands and turning him back until they’re looking at each other. Their eyes meet, Steve shakes his head.
“What is he like? Is he as smart as everybody says he is? Many people also say he’s kind of an asshole, but I’d like to think that a man who donates that much money to so many charity cases isn’t that much of a jerk, you know?”
“Peter, get out of here!” Tony shouts when he catches Peter pulling off a few stones from somebody’s trapped leg. The boy shakes his head, pulling off his clothes and revealing his black suit underneath the moment the guy limps away. Before Tony can stop him, he’s already heading towards Otto’s invention.
“Looks like there’s some sort of food festival over there,” Steve notices, looking at somewhere on his right. “We could go there afterwards? Just… hanging out for a bit instead of heading back home immediately?”
“He thinks it’s a good idea, that this new…
“I love you,” he assures him. “And everything is going to be alright.”
” he didn’t sound annoyed or anything by her the useless call. Nor did he laugh with her. Yaël sighed.
At first he cried a lot. That was normal during the process of grief. He’d seen his aunt do it, too. It was when he
Without saying anything more, Peter jumps into the elevator. He just needs a moment to catch his breath. Leaning against the walls, he rubs his forehead again.
His suit has a mind of his own. When he gets to a certain height, a small alarm suddenly goes off, and then the breath is pulled out of his lungs and he’s ripped away from the claws that were holding him. Seeing only the green lights in a dark silhouette that remind him of a murderous vulture, Peter lets whatever’s taking him this time pull him down again.
“What are we looking at here?” Steve asks, curiously. Tony just hums in response, not really sure how to answer that question.
“Alright,” Tony says with a friendly smile. LL nods in return, holding his hand up in a wave.
Right? That
So Peter cites him the override code, and there’s another thrilling wave going through him after it’s finished.
By the time they’ve practically pulled out the entire wall, The reaction implodes. Peter grabs both Steve and Tony and swings them out through a broken window to avoid the flames that come up before they’re sucked back inside. The three of them are outside when all the noise has died down.
Gwen chuckles a bit, shaking her head and reaching out a hand towards his face. Then, cupping his cheek, Gwen leans forward, pressing their faces together. With their masks on, it’s not really a kiss, but it’s still kind of a fun feeling.
MJ drops her fork and her bottle after that, and her eyes open up wide. Peter notices a small blush appearing on her cheeks. Is she- is she flustered? He’s never seen her react this way, it’s weird. It would assume that she’s an actual human being with emotions.
“Yeah, of course!”
Otto smiles, and so does Steve, not even showing how out of place he’s really feeling right here.
That’s a good sign. Yaël nodded, yeah, she guessed it was a good sign.
“Zjust a distraction anyway,” Johnny continues as if Peter hasn’t spoken. “Iknow who I wan’, but I cant do anythin’ ‘bout it.”
any interest in having children. She’s a lot like her mother in that department.
Now, Yaël didn’t have a good feeling about Wade and Logan walking around in the same building. Luckily, she had a break and as she went to the kitchen, the place where all the teachers hung out during their break, she noticed Wade and Logan both went another way. With a relieved smile, she let herself fall down in one of the chairs. Scott walked in too, grabbing a coffee and before he could even ask while she was smiling, Wade suddenly sprinted in, wearing his Deadpool-costume. He tried to keep the door shut behind him.
Peter startles when, all of the sudden, strong arms are wrapped around Peter’s shoulders and he’s pulled back into a strong hug.
“How so? You’re either together, or you aren’t. I don’t really think there’s an in-between unless you’re just friend with benefits?”
Strange hums, walking forward and clicking something next to Peter’s ears. Probably to test his hearing with it. Peter startles, looking at the source of the sound but finding only a very small device in the doctor’s hand.
Peter groans in frustration again, and Natasha, too, rolls her eyes. After that, she stretches her arms a bit.
“No-nothing, really,” he muttered“It’s just… I wouldn’t have expected you here? Aren’t you, like, extremely mad at me or something?” His puppy-eyes met hers. She couldn’t be mad at him, not after what had happened the night before. Not ever again. Yaël crossed her arms and leaned against the wall, carefully as she was trying not to damage one of his posters.
,” Tony adds, his hands raised in the air in surrender. “As I was saying; I do crazy shit when I’m sleep deprived. I’m sorry.”
Then another piece of paper comes out of the printer. Mr. Stark takes it out, gives it a quick once-over before shoving it back towards Peter.
“Heard you threw the boys out,” she said as she plumped down onto a chair.
A chill goes through Tony. He shakes his head; he can’t do this to Peter. It’s unfair to give him this choice. Signing means revealing his identity to these people. It’s important that nobody else knows. Tony takes a shaky breath.
