As well as latex and antibacterial soap, but that was typical of John after a long day at the surgery.
John pauses, his gaze shrewd, as though he expects Sherlock to deny it. Sherlock has no intention of doing so, however, and as the silence lingers, John’s eyes soften before he continues.
To which John answered, already reaching for the remote control, “Not on your fucking life.”
Sherlock wasn’t nude, unfortunately, although she was wearing only a pair of white cotton knickers and a white tee that fit her so snugly it was nearly see-through. Her ribs stuck out, looking like very long, curved, water-smoothed stones, and her nipples were little dark peaks beneath the fabric, fairly begged to be toyed with, although John suspected Sherlock wouldn’t enjoy that, considering what she’d said before about her breasts. So she tried to put it out of her mind.
like, to be honest. I’d… really, really be interested to hear more about that, actually.”
John fucked him with the toy for maybe a minute, slow and messy, until Sherlock felt lubricant dripping out and down his bollocks. Then, abruptly, John was humming thoughtfully and easing the tail from Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock whined in protest and tried to tighten his muscles, keep the plug where it was, but it slipped free with a squelch anyway.
Hell, I even want to know about the experiment with the eyeballs.
He adored this. It was one of the few sexual acts that, in the long history of John’s experience, were solely Sherlock’s. He’d all but run the gamut with women and had even sucked a cock before Sherlock’s—the very idea of which drove Sherlock mad, made him long to tear into himself with his own teeth—but he’d never let anyone but Sherlock put their mouth on his arsehole. (
He held the phone out so that John could see the screen. He had an email from PayPal opened, with the words ‘Receipt for Your Payment to John Watson’ highlighted.
Sherlock climbed onto the mattress and clambered on all fours towards John. The condoms and lube, both crammed into the same hand, groaned as they were partly crushed. Not that Sherlock cared, preoccupied as he was by the need to cover John’s body with his own and breathe into John’s mouth, feel John’s ribcage expand and shrink and his pelvis lift, seeking Sherlock’s.
They’ve decided on the left hip as the area to be cut. They’ve also, over the last several days, decided on numerous other details of the scene—Sherlock will wear no blindfold or bindings; John will remain unthreatening, caring, and attentive; Sherlock requires no preparation or foreplay aside from whatever John deems necessary to ensure Sherlock’s safety; their phones have been silenced and Mrs Hudson has been informed that they’re not to be bothered until further notice.
More serious than biting or spanking, more dangerous, higher chance that something might go wrong—infection, nerve damage, severe blood loss.
By the time that they broke apart, John was panting and clutching at Sherlock’s sleeves. The fabric was so soft and silky—probably was silk, actually—that John didn’t bother to resist the urge to rub his palms against it, which made Sherlock smile.
“Go on,” said Sherlock. “When you get turned-on, you…?”
John felt eerily calm as he closed the door behind himself. Blank, almost. He hadn’t slept. As Rosie had snored beside him, he had lain awake and listened to the familiar feminine humming over the monitor. He hadn’t been able to convince himself to turn it off. He didn’t know why.
I apologise for ending the game so abruptly last night. Are you interested in playing more Diggy Hole multiplayer in the future?
John gave his bed one last lingering look, along with the sheets Sherlock had tossed in a haphazard pile on the floor, before he followed.
And if there are other stipulations, Sherlock will surely learn about them in due time, from John’s comments on other couples or his comments on their own burgeoning relationship.
John took great pleasure in slamming the door right in Mycroft’s face.
“Might’ve been a new record, yeah,” Lestrade agrees. “Thanks. We can take it from here, I think.”
<JohnHWatson has fallen to their death.>
Sherlock, meanwhile, was panting beneath her, her shoulders heaving and her arms trembling ceaselessly. Her muscles must’ve been stiff and tired, stuck in that position for so long. John lifted her head, staring into Sherlock’s flushed sweaty face.
It hadn’t even occurred to him. It probably never would have done. The ring, the possibility of marriage, all of it. Sherlock had given up drugs for John. John had given up his lying, pregnant wife for Sherlock. As far as Sherlock had been concerned, that was enough.
3:53 p.m.
The image is appealing. Why is it appealing?
John glanced down at his leg, which didn’t hurt at all at the moment, and realised for the first time that he didn’t have his cane. In fact, it was still—he turned, squinting across the dark room—beside his bed where he’d put it before going to sleep hours ago. He’d lunged for the phone and then stood for the duration of the conversation without even a twinge of discomfort.
John kisses his forehead again and then, oddly, pauses to do the same to Sherlock’s chest, just above his scar, before he returns to his previous position near Sherlock’s hip and takes up the scalpel again.
John stopped massaging Sherlock’s wrists immediately, letting her come down, not wanting to overwhelm her. She leaned close, ready to go in for a cuddle if Sherlock showed even the slightest signs of wanting one.
anyone to buy him expensive clothes, and still, it was a wonder he hadn’t wrapped one of the socks around his dick and used it as a masturbatory sleeve.
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.”
(Sherlock accompanies John to the chemist’s to purchase them, and no less than seven people stare at his bared, bitten throat, either blatantly or subtly. Satisfaction coils like a lazy snake in Sherlock’s gut, and he walks tall and straight and swishes his coat dramatically when he turns and feels bloody
“See,” John says, a smile in his voice, and Sherlock realises he’s closed his eyes and tipped his chin up, giving John full access to his bruised and bitten throat. “This is what you should’ve got last night, if I hadn’t been such a berk.”
“All right, I…. What the hell is that?”
Pointless—John can hardly be blamed for the avenues that Sherlock’s mind decides to wander.
Sherlock licked her lips and nodded again, so John began to explore: massaging the sculpted muscles beneath Sherlock’s soft skin, taking care to keep her touch firm and avoid tickling her. She wasn’t entirely certain she succeeded, as Sherlock gave a powerful, almost violent, full-body twitch every time John’s hands moved.
, he thought, shuddering and aching, tonguing his fangs,
The sight was tempting. Very,
And yet.
Sherlock whimpered, soft and shuddery. John would be fantasising about that sound for months. “How does it feel? It’s supposed to feel realistic.”
And then—oh god, worst of all—came the rubbing. John, stubborn and incapable of leaving any injury alone to heal, reaching hourly to poke and prod at it, grimacing at the ache and occasionally letting out a quiet moan of pain that was not terribly different from her moans of pleasure.
Sherlock came closer, laying a hand on either side of John’s waist. John jolted in surprise at the touch, then stood still as Sherlock stepped even closer, pressing her groin against John’s bum. Curious, John glanced over her shoulder, but Sherlock’s head was bowed, her fringe blocking John’s view of her expression.
Then, with slow hitching movements, John began to slink towards Sherlock, his eyes wide and his tail lifted.
Your brother sounds cartoonish. Not sure if I’d want to meet him just for curiosity’s sake or not.
and a stream of nonsense spilled from her lips: “My pretty girl, my sweetheart, my John. That’s it, my good girl, make yourself come.”
A breathy, recognizable laugh that sent shivers skittering through him. He went limp, panting.
Unless that ruins the fun for you?
“No you fucking wouldn’t have.”
Everything had happened very quickly after that.
John shrugged. Sherlock wouldn’t believe him. No amount of planting seeds or weaving mysteries would change that, would it?
He wasn’t going to return the scarf. The possibility hadn’t even occurred to him.
extraordinarily proud of himself for having introduced them, Sherlock mused. He was still thinking about it—remembering that day at Bart’s and John so small and broken, limping into Sherlock’s life—when John kissed his head, sweeping a hand through his mussed hair, and said, “Back later. Photos of your cock or not, text if you need me.”
True.
“‘One-shotted’? Is that a word?”
This must all seem absurd to you. My little crisis.
But John doesn’t appear upset or angry, just taken aback. “Oh,” he says. “Thanks.”
He said it aloud, then wrote it down by hand on a bit of paper and in a blank document on his computer. He even opened a blank text on his phone and typed
Then, her tea made, she left the kitchen without another word.
Sherlock
He heard his slip a second too late. ‘Your date.’ John wasn’t his date, had just got done explaining that this wasn’t a date, and the subtle widening of Sherlock’s half smile left John with no doubt that he’d registered the slip.
“Is that my computer?” John asked, although he knew very well that it was.
That there was a perverse sexual element to the murder of Adam Taggert, age 37 and newly divorced, was undeniable. The leather cuffs, the ball gag, the vibrator (its batteries completely drained), not to mention the traces of fresh semen—it was so obvious even Lestrade had seen it.
, Sherlock reminded herself. This was John being open and sexually adventurous, possibly lonely as well, and Sherlock being desperate and stupid. This was not sex, not really. Sherlock would
Sherlock clambered suddenly to his feet. When Rosie lunged towards him, still fussing over being interrupted, he accepted her without hesitation.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, sounding rapturous. “I’ve got you.”
When they were gone, in a pile with the rest of her clothes on the floor, John straddled Sherlock’s chest, wedging her knees in Sherlock’s underarms.
“I need to come,” he says, and can’t help but screw up his face, hoping John mistakes it for an expression of desperation instead of the frustration it is. “Oh god, let me come. Please.”
“Oh,” he said anyway. “Well, it looks good on you.”
John was alert in a second, jerking upright as adrenaline began its heady throb through his body. A knock on the door in the early, early morning was generally suspect, he thought, but
John settles back down, looking abashed. His ears pinken faintly.
“Mummy?” John asked, mystified. He shoved the quilt back into the bag, ensuring the pistol was fully hidden.
Vaguely, John felt beads of sweat forming on her back and temples, and, even more vaguely, she heard the mattress begin to groan as her hips snapped faster, making the whole bed shake. Sherlock could hear that. Over the phone and also just sitting downstairs, listening and knowing that John was up here fucking her own hand like the insatiable tart that she was.
Sweat beaded on John’s forehead, dampening the greying hair at her temples, and dripped down her neck to her sternum. Her breasts, heavy and soft, bounced with every movement, and with John leaned backwards as she was, her spine arched, they looked even larger than they were.
He felt eyes on him, everywhere. The telly was unbearable; all distractions were unbearable. He needed to hear the footsteps in the kitchen, the bedroom door as it groaned open, the near-silent squeak of the tap being set to drip.
“Hang on. I didn’t say that in the blog. I said it in a comment. You’re reading the comments?”
Before shutting down his laptop, John checked his email and was surprised to find he’d received a new message. Even more surprising was that it was from Sherlock.
“Oh god.”
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said. “Oh,
After a moment of hesitation, John obeyed. Sherlock straightened from his curled not-quite-foetal position and shimmied closer. John could feel Sherlock’s rhythmic exhales warming the arm of his cotton t-shirt.
“Did you?”
“Sorry,” he says in a whisper, as though there’s any point in being quiet with the racket Rosie is making. “I was just going to grab a few toys. It’s too early for her to eat, so—”
John recoiled. “God no. That’s even worse than Father. It’s—there are certain connotations with that one.”
Oh, Christ, that reminded John. How could he have forgot? He flexed his fingers, still clutching the watch box which he offered for Sherlock to take.
“Hmm. No hard limits.” Oddly, this causes John’s eyebrows to soar, so, giving himself no time to contemplate that, Sherlock plunges ahead. “Soft limits include”—he thinks quickly—“activities involving urine or faeces, food, animals, third parties, anything that will interfere with an experiment or a case, or anything involving humiliation, discipline, or degradation.”
John was taken aback both by Sherlock’s description of him and the knowledge that Sherlock knew how he took his coffee, but he wasn’t distracted enough to miss how Molly’s open, smiling expression closed and fell.
John’s height quickly becomes Sherlock’s favourite feature. Primarily because when John stands behind him and pulls his hair, John’s shoulder is positioned perfectly for Sherlock to rest his head on it, his upper back bent and his face to the ceiling, while John reaches around with his free hand to jerk Sherlock’s cock.
And now, this infernal waiting for John to
Why wouldn’t he, indeed, John supposed. After all, John’s first thought after opening Sherlock’s gift had been that he’d need a shower before they gave the prostate massager a go.
have a no-returns policy... and so does Sherlock.
was he doing? A matter of days ago John had fled at the suggestion that he go home with Sherlock, and now he was engaging in something he was reasonably certain could be considered ‘sexting.’
Sherlock knows. Mary’s betrayal is the perpetual gap in John’s armour, her death the weight on his shoulders that makes his shadow loom.
“He has his good points, I suppose,” said Sherlock. “Very few of them, but….” He shrugged one shoulder, still smiling.
Still there?
And, even more momentous, Sherlock wants it to.
JohnHWatson: No it really is fine! And anyway I’ve already started buying it, so……
The rush of the pleasure he gets from the scene is immense, more potent than cocaine, and it lingers for days.
“Just—” John was leaning forwards now, hands clasped like she was begging. She licked her lips and offered Sherlock a weak, beseeching half smile. “Just talk to me?”
He gritted his teeth and pulled out, gasping. “I can’t. My arm’s….”
Sherlock relaxed immediately, sucking in a deep breath. His eyes lost their manic gleam, and he sat up straight, fussing with his collar and sweeping his hands over his shirt as though brushing off dust.
Then John’s admittedly shoddy sense of self-preservation kicked in, and he turned and ran before the police arrived.
Sherlock scrambled into a seated position, throwing a look towards the window. Judging by the angle and degree of the sunlight—
“I’m not distracted,” Sherlock said, low and hoarse and, even to his own ear, not entirely convincing. “I’m only….”
Has he? Sherlock doesn’t remember that at all, but he must have done. When he glances at her now, he finds her looking considerably less cheerful than before and seeming quite determined not to look in their direction at all.
JohnHWatson: Fortunately we moved past that. :)
“I want to suck you,” Sherlock says. He shams a pout, ensuring that his bottom lip is plumped enticingly. (John likes that, he knows; John has on two occasions kissed and sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip while murmuring, “Christ, this lip. I fucking love this lip. Makes me want you on your knees.”)
“Hm. Water this time, I think.”
, he thought. And nearly said, but when Sherlock opened his mouth, the word wouldn’t come. He could only moan, small and shuddery, and think fervently,
John on his back, lower spine arched just slightly. A silk scarf (blue to match his eyes) around each wrist, tying him to the headboard.
Which was precisely when John, who had been napping at the foot of Mrs Hudson’s bed the last time she’d seen him, batted a bauble off one of the lower branches.
if it was Sherlock’s harness and John’s toy: two separate items they just happened to be using in conjunction. That made more sense, didn’t it?
Frozen and trembling, Sherlock’s breath rustling her hair, John listened as whoever-it-was walked swiftly to one of the cubicles to the right of theirs, locked the door, and began to undo their zip.
John laughs, the sort of laugh that Sherlock typically enjoys—it means that Sherlock has succeeded in bringing a beam of light to his thoughts, as John often does for him—but this time the sound only puzzles him.
John waited to reply until he’d finished his coffee, as well as a full English breakfast, and then returned to the flat. He didn’t even bother to take off his shoes before he sat on the bed with the BlackBerry in one hand, Harry’s phone still buried in his coat pocket, and tried to think of what to say.
Sherlock adopts a Johnlike pose, a Johnlike expression, and a perfectly Johnlike tone. “‘Kind of nice, actually. Being hurt
“Am I? I have to admit, I can’t see myself ignoring you. Definitely not when I’ve got your mouth on me.”
John accepted the coat and threw it on. “Are we going to the police?”
“What?” John said, but even before he’d finished the word, he felt it.
Instead, he said, “I wasn’t sitting here when you left this morning, was I?”
Not John’s voice. Sherlock glances hastily up and is taken aback to find John nowhere in sight and Mrs Hudson carrying a tray of tea towards him. Her expression is cheerful as she sets the tray on the desk beside his computer, no indication that she’s bothered by the subject of his inquiry at all.
“I,” she said, muffled and garbled, “am going to ruin you.”
There’s this thing called lunch you see. Not even going to ask how you know I’m browsing Steam.
That was starting to become a bit of a pattern, wasn’t it?
get off on it.
“I,” he said, but had to pause and clear his throat again. “Pesto. Pesto is… good.”
Of course Sherlock smelt amazing. He was rich and gorgeous. Why should John have expected anything different simply because he was also eccentric and socially awkward and more than a touch creepy?
John had barely finished speaking before Sherlock was wrapping his arms around John’s waist and hauling him even higher until John was practically straddling his face.
John laughed, feeling exhilarated. “Sure, yeah. That works.” God, they were both mad. “And when I come, it’s stronger. I feel it deeper, and it’s.... it’s not enough, usually. I get more sensitive and the muscle contractions feel like… like someone’s wringing pleasure from me like a sponge, like that’s all I’m good for.”
“It’s
You can stop initialling your messages you know. By now I should know who I’m texting.
“Yes, obviously. I do know her feeding schedule. Bring her here.”
“Oh! Thanks.”
His head tilted towards Sherlock, another pose that Sherlock knew well.
“In short, you are very much addicted to danger. You are also content to listen to me, to follow my instructions, to cater to my whims, and to be more or less unaffected by my considerable social deficiencies. So when you said earlier that you aren’t who I think you are, that I would be bored to death by you, you are very, very mistaken. I know precisely who you are, and you are quite possibly the least boring person I have ever met.”
. The pad of his finger rested on the wrinkled rim, which was still slippery with lubricant. Although he’d need more, of course. His own finger was completely dry; he couldn’t penetrate John dry.
“Well, you have just killed a man.”
“Nothing about Sherlock and myself are ‘typical,’ Dr Watson.” Mycroft sniffed, fussing with his cufflinks. “But I do worry about him. Constantly.”
“Your turn,” Sherlock said.
Before he could manage, John drew back. He might’ve taken Sherlock’s ribcage with him, for how empty Sherlock felt without him.
scar on his left shoulder. Shot from behind by a sniper several metres above him. The bullet passed through his shoulder, shattered the bone, and grazed the subclavian artery. It became infected afterwards, quite badly so, and left the skin gnarled and mottled. The scar is large, “ugly” according to conventional ideas of attractiveness, somewhat resembling a fat spider waiting at the centre of its web, but Sherlock adores it beyond measure.
Sherlock doesn’t. Of course he doesn’t. He shakes his head, feeling lowly and impotent.
Sherlock went, crossing the room in clumsy, shuffling steps. John scooted to the side, making room for Sherlock to sit beside her. As she moved, the duvet slipped off her shoulders, exposing her breasts.
“They’re perfectly capable of getting on without you,” Sherlock said.
Lestrade’s scrutiny didn’t even compare to what John got when he ducked beneath the tape and followed Sherlock onto the crime scene, where the small team of busy men and women all stopped and gawked at him.
When Sherlock leans back, he sees John’s face—wide-eyed, flushed, panting—while John squirms where he is seated in Sherlock’s lap.
John stopped paying attention to the television quite quickly after that.
you didn’t know it and took advantage. Although, to be fair, I expected you to figure it out weeks ago, for you to come knocking at my door the day you picked up the phone, but you didn’t. I’d begun to think you weren’t going to figure it out at all. And now look: you’ve surprised me. I didn’t expect you to be angry, but you are. Just like I didn’t expect you to comply with my requests, but you did. You’re turning out to be
But he says none of it, of course. Just concentrates on remaining still and quiet as John finally drifts into the second stage of sleep.
Sherlock’s response was a low hum, like the rumble of a blissed-out housecat. Bit of an odd reaction, that—John felt his eyebrows rising up his forehead. “Mm. Later, yes. Goodbye.”
Sherlock’s mortification, now that he is rested and clearer-headed and remembers—in excruciating detail, his brilliant mind is occasionally a curse—how he came to find himself fully clothed in John’s bed this morning, provides him an entirely new understanding of the depths of his own deficiencies as a human being.
To back away would have been suicide. A vampire would perceive it as a retreat, an intent to struggle. Sherlock would have given chase. John would have been pinned to the wall, bleeding out into Sherlock’s mouth, before he could even shout.
It felt ridiculous, sticking his arse up and trying to dribble lube straight from the bottle between his arse cheeks. He miscalculated, making a mess of his thighs and the sheets; a drop or two even rolled down to the small of his back. Messy and amateurish, but he supposed it would do.
What level are you, incidentally?
John was already turning onto his back, revealing his thick cock. It was mouth-wateringly hard, the foreskin drawn back. The tip was red and wet. “Me? God no. No objections here.”
Sherlock shrugged, disturbing John’s head where it was pressed against his back. “Oh, of course she knew. She was initially against the idea, but once I explained my intentions, she seemed quite agreeable.”
They waited, but there was nothing. It was worse, somehow, than if there’d been a response from a disembodied voice. John found himself swaying closer to Sherlock, wanting to reach out and grasp him like he’d done earlier, when they’d fled.
“Re-enactment, no. Wouldn’t mind an explanation though. All that stuff about the woman’s mother was a bit over-the-top, even for you. You’re usually not quite so, mm… vicious, when people annoy you.”
Sherlock froze for a fraction of a second, just long enough for John’s knot of concern to reform. But then Sherlock’s body rose like a wave; his back arched, his arms wound around John’s waist, and everything was lovely. A bit wet and sloppy, more teeth and tongue than lips, but no less lovely because of it. Every time their tongues touched (which was often, almost constantly), Sherlock gave a soft “mmh.” John could feel the rumble of it all the way in his own throat, and it made his head go light and spinny.
But of course John won’t. John will stay right where he is, so turned-on that shame is a distant memory, his cock hard and drooling on the carpet, until Sherlock wants his arse again.
But that was fine. If it hadn’t been John, SH would’ve no doubt recruited some other poor money-hungry twat. It was better that it was John. John had been to war, after all. John had been shot and ravaged by infection and nearly killed.
As Mrs Hudson watched, the moth tried to take flight, and managed to rise just above Sherlock’s head before John sprang and knocked it from the air. It made a sad little thud as its body bounced on the lino, and then Sherlock and John were scampering forwards, taking up their positions again (Sherlock containing it between his paws and John circling him) before it could crawl away.
“Yes,” he hissed. “I bloody would have.”
John was squinting at his phone, reading through their previous messages to see what had given it away, when SH texted again.
He meant to say ‘Stop’ or ‘That hurts’ or something similar, but when John’s lips, parched and cracked now, parted, the only thing that came out was a weak, breathy “Daddy.”
“C’mon,” John said. “Your turn.”
Resting his cheek between John’s scapulae, Sherlock considers. “As a veteran and a doctor, you’d be most comfortable handling—”
The BlackBerry chimed once, then twice, startling John from his thoughts.
Sherlock dropped the case onto the ground and then heaved himself from the skip. John, half concerned he was going to fall flat on his face, rushed forwards, although of course Sherlock didn’t need the help. He landed gracefully on his feet, looking neat and unruffled and not at all like he’d just gone diving in a skip.
“That’s it,” Sherlock said. If John were closer, she’d have kissed her, sucked her plump pink bottom lip into her mouth. “Such a sweet cunt. You’re mine, aren’t you? My good, needy girl. Come on, John. Give it to me.”
chose
<JohnHWatson> Also tools. I’ll be damned if I’m going to rely on you to make everything.
Sherlock ceased immediately, but she’d no sooner returned to her supine position than John was lifting off her. The dildo slipped free with a wet plop, although a string of John’s wetness stretched from her cunt to the bulbous tip as John crawled forwards so she could grasp the vibrator’s cord and tug it towards her.
Rosie has tired of Sherlock’s dressing gown and begins to wiggle and fuss again, working up to a proper cry. On a whim, Sherlock offers her his index finger and, again, is pleasantly surprised when she is obligingly distracted and grabs it with both hands. He allows her to yank it to her mouth and close her lips around the tip, gnawing at it with her gums. She seems puzzled at first, but gradually grows calm and half-lidded.
John blinked, taken aback by the vehemence in Sherlock’s voice. “Erm, well. You don’t really seem
“Okay,” John says, his expression clearing. “That’s good. Erm… shall we get started, then?”
John laughed, surprised. “How the hell did you know I’m—actually no, on second thought, don’t tell me. Yes, I’m quite fond of penetration.”
He didn’t care. Didn’t care either that John kept fucking him, bouncing him in John’s lap while one of his hands rested on Sherlock’s throat, covering the leather collar and muffling the jingling bell.
he thinks,
“Paying.” While John gaped at him, Sherlock scooped up both of their coffees and shot John a winsome smile. “I’ll just get us a table, shall I?”
“What’s that supposed to mean? I told you that I like women. Repeatedly. That hasn’t changed.”
He is forced to wait nearly two full days to be scratched.
He found neither the book nor the photo anywhere in sight. Instead, he found a bottle of lubricant, a box of condoms, a package of pocket tissues, and the glossy black dildo.
“No?” John said. “Nothing to say?”
John was mad with delight. The fur along his spine was raised, his tail was puffed up practically as wide as a bolster pillow, and he bounded amongst the scattered baubles with more manic energy than Mrs Hudson had ever seen. Once or twice he even dove into the nearest bundle of flattened tree branches before chasing after a bauble again.
, Sherlock nearly snarls,
A burst of panic. A single bacterium feeding, growing, splitting into two, four, eight—building a veritable colony of self-disgust and regret in Sherlock’s mind, particularly when John’s eyes only got wider.
The words weren’t coming. Sherlock’s mind was blank and dark, but he could hardly sit here in silence. He forced them, dragging them down from the darkness to his mouth where they found light. “No. Of course not. But you were strongly advised to resign.”
Sherlock sat back on his haunches and began to peel off his gloves. “Yes, obviously. Now that you’re”—he smiled, darkly—“
John had been very determinedly avoiding looking up the price of his new pair of shoes online. He didn’t want to know, he’d decided. And he’d intended to do the same with the watch when he went to Speedy’s to fetch it.
“I suppose I don’t, really. I dunno. Harry just said something and… I dunno. We’re emailing almost daily, you and I.”
27 April, 5:55 p.m.
Then everything was warm and wet and soft, and something in Sherlock’s body coiled and sprung at the same time that his mind dimmed and slowed, his thoughts going sluggish and fragmented like dollops of marmalade. His legs clamped instinctively tight around John’s head, and he tried (and failed) to roll onto his side and curl up, overwhelmed by the shock of pleasure so strong that it nearly hurt.
“Good Mind Palace, yeah?”
“I was thinking,” John says, as Sherlock settles contentedly against him. “I might, um. Mention us, in the blog. ‘Us’ as in, not just you and me, but you and me
The pub was spacious but nevertheless had the atmosphere of a cosy little place in the countryside. It was busy, for a Tuesday at seven o’clock, so it took John a few minutes of roaming about before he found the table in the back bearing a handwritten sign that read “Munch!” If not for that, John might’ve overlooked the table entirely because of how few people were seated at it.
Both Sherlock’s worst failing and his greatest success, in that scar.
“A growth spurt. Fucking hell.” He hurried after Sherlock, who had already taken off down the pavement. “Is that what it’s actually called, or are you still trying to get me to think of myself as your child and call you Daddy?”
The last word snapped presumably because John was staring at him, shocked. “You… How on earth do you know the current theory on ghosts?”
“Depends. Sometimes yes. I pull the hood back and sort of flick my fingertip over it. Other times, it’s… well, too sensitive for that.” Like it was now, John suspected and slid her finger from her pussy to check.
You mean you didn’t have a rest along with Lydia?
“Kind of hot, actually.”
“Probably for the best,” Mrs Hudson says. “He looks better now. Less… unhappy, I suppose. Seems to be sleeping a bit more too.”
Mycroft peered at John as though he was trying to decide whether it was worth the trouble of squashing him like an insect. John glanced at Sherlock, whose little smirk had grown to a grin so wide it seemed to split his face in two. A puff of pride warmed John’s chest, and he fought a grin of his own.
Can I still talk to you while I’m figuring things out?
“On you?”
And didn’t that just do her head in. Sherlock Holmes awed by Johanna Watson. If she were here, she would be staring down at John, rapt: her lips parted with interest, her eyes wide. John’s body a crime scene, and Sherlock fascinated, devoted to taking it apart bit by bit and sniffing out its secrets.
“Sorry,” she said into the receiver. “That, um… sorry.”
—forgetting that he was nowhere near a chair. His arse hit the floor with a clamorous, excruciating
“Erm, yeah? I said I would.”
It seems fine to me.
“Obviously.” Sherlock’s tone was breathless, but he couldn’t bring himself to care any longer what an idiot he was. Not when John was presenting himself like this.
“—that’s fine,” John finishes. “Well, not
“Ohh look at you,” she said, clasping her hands in delight. “What a handsome soldier you make. I’ll just grab the camera—”
“Of course.”
Over the next several days, the idea blossoms like a drop of blood in water, colouring the whole of Sherlock’s thoughts.
John stretches, his lower back lifting minutely off the bed. The bedsheets dip below his pectorals, exposing the tops of his areolae, but stop before the nipples themselves. Sherlock didn’t get to examine those earlier. He has no idea if they are sensitive, if touching them would make John arch in pleasure or grimace in discomfort.
“All right,” John said. “That’ll do. Now you can have your tail back.”
Congratulations, John. You’ve mastered the art of the rudimentary internet search.
Sherlock kisses him again, more forcefully this time. So forcefully, in fact, that he inadvertently drives John’s shoulders into the wall with a painful-sounding thud. John grunts, clasping the biceps of Sherlock’s shirt, and—against all Sherlock’s expectations—angles his head encouragingly and opens his mouth.
Although, he supposed, perhaps it was fortunate he didn’t meet anyone, as everything about him screamed
“‘Given the circumstances’?” John frowned, puzzled. Then clarity dawned. “What, the bad date?”
“Another one imminent?” asks Molly, as Sherlock adjusts his scarf.
Oh. Woww
Sherlock
“No reason. Thank god for regenerating health. All right, go get me more copper and I’ll cover you.”
She used the toilet and was washing her hands when the door banged open and Sherlock strode in, all but strutting with her coat unbuttoned and her hands in her pockets.
Sherlock squeezes his eyes closed, taking advantage of his position, his face hidden from John, to allow his expression to twist with despair. John said, not three minutes prior, that Sherlock was perfect, worthy of adoration. Why should he want anything but that, but
s, Sherlock twisted and flopped and lolled about until he rolled right on top of the hat, thoroughly squashing it and startling himself in the process. His head jerked up; his fur was mussed and one ear folded back. With wide eyes he looked to John, who turned immediately towards the window as though pretending he hadn’t just been staring.
“You on top of me.” Sherlock said it as though he expected to be mocked for it, his shoulders tensed and raised slightly in a sort of pre-flinch.
was turning her on.
“Explained your intentions?” John grimaced, horrified, and scooted backwards a bit, loosening his hold on Sherlock. “Christ, Sherlock—” Then he flinched, horror growing exponentially as another thought occurred. “Hang on. Where
John’s hand pauses, his fingers stroking over Sherlock’s skin as though there’s any pain there to be soothed. “Okay?”
Curious, he clicked 071411120418’s username and was surprised to find that the profile wasn’t empty. There was even a photo: a rather suggestive shot of a person’s plain white shirt unbuttoned just enough to reveal a long, pale throat and the tip of a very prominent collarbone. Tantalising, seductive, in an effortless sort of way—it made John’s mouth go dry and his tongue stick uncomfortably to the roof of his mouth.
Sherlock,
Sherlock squirmed, trying to arch into John’s touch, and growled in frustration when he couldn’t do so. “Just get on with it,” he said. Although it was probably meant to sound commanding, it came out more as a feeble plea.
. Sherlock rolled to his stomach, clawing at the mattress like a beast in heat.)
The house was dark, even though John was sure they’d left lights on earlier in their rush to leave.
If John rescinded her offer, Sherlock would hardly be surprised.
He could’ve gone slow. With oral sex, Sherlock preferred slow, usually. The build-up, the tease—not to mention the few times that he’d succeeded in getting John so worked up that his prick had begun leaking copiously, continuously, and he’d gone perfectly, eerily still under Sherlock’s mouth, just meekly watching with glassy eyes as his cock was toyed with. But somehow, the idea didn’t appeal now, and the alternative—John filling Sherlock’s throat in minutes, leaving Sherlock smouldering in his own arousal for hours—did.
Instead, he draws John back down so he can reach the bit of skin John indicated. He presses his lips gently to it.
“I’m going to teach you to hunt.”
Sherlock turned his head and looked at him. His shirt was dishevelled, his penis wet and limp. Sherlock wanted to suck it some more, slow and gentle until John couldn’t take it anymore and kicked him away.
<JohnHWatson> What do you think I look like?
John stared down at it, pictured Sherlock’s tight pink arsehole opening around it. There really wasn’t any reason the dildo should affect John any more than the one attached to the fucking machine—this one was only shaped and coloured a bit differently, after all—and yet.
“Nothing
No what?
He shoves past her, his head high and his neck straight, but Donovan isn’t even looking at him. Isn’t really looking at anything, in fact. Her nails are uncharacteristically bitten; her skin appears clammy. She’s shaken. By the “shocker,” he supposes and promptly gives her up for the moment as a lost cause.
He manoeuvred them both until Sherlock’s hands were on either side of John’s hips and he was straddling John’s right leg, just above where John’s trousers and pants were bunched round his ankles. Sherlock went readily, let himself be positioned like a doll, although he didn’t understand why he was being moved until John lifted his leg, slotting his warm hairy shin right against Sherlock’s cock and testicles.
For a moment, Sherlock is filled with such delight that his chest feels tight. His breathing stutters.
“Please what?” Sherlock grinned, feeling giddy. She had reduced John to begging with nothing but her fingers and her voice. Apparently, it was
For a period of time?
John would love it.
‘Give it a try,’ he told himself. ‘It’s just one word. He helped you get off; you could at least
John suspected that, now Sherlock had uncovered the reason behind John’s foray into tentacle porn, he would lose interest, and indeed he seemed to. Not a word was mentioned about “cephalopodic entities” afterwards, and in fact, nothing further was mentioned about John’s porn collection at all.
Oh. That was good. The pressure sparked a sort of fluttering sensation between Sherlock’s thighs that made her simultaneously want to squeeze them together at the same time that she longed to spread them as wide as they would go. So, torn, she squirmed. Her hips shimmied on the cushion, and she pushed her foot even harder into John’s touch.
“Out of curiosity, did… I mean, obviously you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to, but did your family react well when you told them? Assuming you have come out to them.”
He turned on his heels, waved away Sherlock’s hands, and marched off. After a moment, he heard Sherlock behind him hurrying to catch up.
He had no email, not even spam, no messages on the blog. He considered writing a new post. Enough had happened in the last 24 hours that, even if he left out the damning details of his involvement, he could spin an exciting and impressive tale. But he wasn’t really in the mood to write.
Probably a bad idea, that.
While John waited for a response, he left the portrait room and walked slowly to the lifts, which he took to the ground floor. As he approached the gallery’s main entrance, his leg suddenly aching so terribly that he winced with every step, his mobile buzzed, although he waited until he was outside and relatively out of the way to stop and read the text message.
“What about these?”
Sherlock must look ridiculous, he thinks, humping John’s hand mindlessly, but nevertheless, John continues to cradle him like he is something precious and murmur “That’s it, sweetheart. My beautiful boy. Just like that.”
“Tiny splash marks on the heel and calf of her right leg, not present on her left.” Sherlock pocketed his mobile and opened the creaking door, again holding it for John. “She’d been in heavy rain and wind, dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. You don’t get that splash pattern any other way.”
The weight abruptly returns as Sherlock drapes himself along his back, but this time it’s accompanied by a pressure on John’s nape and the prick of teeth against the sensitive skin there.
, that’s… you don’t even have to do
I didn’t think that.
He only had to wait five or six seconds.
God. How Sherlock adored her.
“You seem all right, though,” Molly says. “Both of you.”
John is aroused and unsatisfied, momentarily forgotten in the wake of Sherlock’s desires.
He fully expected another Fleshlight, a mouth or a cunt this time, but instead he found one bottle of Fleshlight Fleshwash Antibacterial Toy Cleaner and one bottle of Fleshlight Powder Renewer. Also included was a gift message.
“Yes.” John drew out the
Sherlock said nothing as she filled the kettle, but as it heated, she cocked her head, glancing at John from the corner of one eye.
Alarming that she missed them, although not as alarming as Lestrade missing them as well. That his and John’s relationship isn’t written on their bodies like Sherlock thought—hoped—it was. That his biases are influencing his observational skills. That at this moment a pretty barista named Geri is envisioning that John might return her interest, that she will soon be sitting in her flat with her two dogs, no, her dog and her flatmate’s cat, when her mobile rings—
John blinked. “Did you just admit that my safety is at risk?”
, he thought.
Angelo fawned over them, bringing a candle for the table, dropping off John’s pasta with a wink, and calling John “Dr Watson” with such rich approval that John had no doubt he’d rocketed to the top of Angelo’s list of favourite people just by showing up here with Sherlock more than once.
“Beautiful boy,” John cooed. “Is my precious kitty going to come for me? That’s it, Sherlock. Be a good boy and show me how gorgeous you are when you come.”
Yeah. Not sure why since it’s not like you and I have ever met.
“The first time I have you beneath me,” Sherlock said, “I want you on those sheets. I want your skin—”
Then, abruptly, another spurt of urine dribbled from John’s cock slit. Sherlock smelled it instantly, a sharp tang, and closed his eyes to better savour it. So he heard rather than saw when the dribble became a thin stream, and felt when it finally arced and hit him on his right collarbone. Although it was warm, it made him shiver as it dripped down his chest and abdomen and onto the floor.
“There is
They’ve not faded entirely, actually, although the marks are so faint—thin streaks of skin only very, very slightly darker than the rest—that they might as well have done. It’s only because of the time that Sherlock has spent charting John’s back up close, and that Sherlock knows what to look for—in fact, he has the pattern of them stored permanently in his mind palace, and traces it behind his eyelids as he falls asleep—that makes them noticeable to his eye.
For all that John loved the thrill of a case, she hated the aftermath, which usually involved either sitting in Greg’s office and lying through her bloody (sometimes literally) teeth or sitting in Greg’s office and being scolded like a child.
She was mortified, and might’ve yanked her foot back, spewing apologies, had John not tightened her grip and begun to giggle, which always made Sherlock want to giggle too, and soon they were both laughing, sharing a look of delight across the space between them.
Of course I did. Why wouldn’t I?
That was quite a non sequitur, although it was a welcome distraction. John let his blossoming intrigue shoo away the concern and self-pity that Sherlock’s gift had brought with it. His toes curled into the carpet as he pecked out his answer.
John blinked. “Yeah. Well, mostly. Because of what happened tonight, you mean?”
In short, the whole thing moved very quickly from generally bizarre to the most intimate experience John had had in years. He was keenly aware that they were in public, that a smattering of other restaurant patrons were gaping at them, that his heel was only inches from Sherlock’s crotch. He squirmed, toes wriggling in his shoe and jostling his foot in Sherlock’s lap.
The woman was gaping at them now, and quite frankly John felt like gaping too, although he wasn’t given the chance before Sherlock was crowding his space and herding him away. There was an urgency in his stance and his movements, and John let himself be swept away by it. When Sherlock finally stopped his insistent shooing motions and stepped around John to walk in front, John trotted eagerly after him.
“I wasn’t expecting it,” he said. “I’m sorry. If you want me to leave—”
It was a bit of a neutral reply, not especially imaginative (if that indeed was what Sherlock wanted): a safe reply. Still, it was honest, and as he didn’t understand why Sherlock would want something imaginative anyway, he was satisfied with it. Or at least he was until Sherlock’s subsequent text.
“Don’t start with that,” John snarled. That was even worse. Better if Sherlock had laughed outright and thrown him out on his arse. “This is why I didn’t want to
Mycroft will go to John, now he hasn’t got the response from Sherlock that he wanted. That’s what happens, isn’t it? Sherlock is found in a drug den, and John goes to Mycroft; Sherlock behaves somewhat out of character, and Mycroft goes to John. And that cannot happen—who knows what Mycroft will say, what John will infer.
You don’t have to if you don’t want to. I’ll understand if you’d rather not.
Anyone else might’ve experimented with one kink at a time, never wanting to get in too deep, but not John. Never John. In sex just as in a fight, apparently, John would always throw himself into the very thick of it and hope for the best.
The doctor I was filling in for will be back from maternity leave in a little over a week.
, he thinks despairingly.
“Piss off, Mycroft,” he says through gritted teeth. “You don’t know a bloody thing about it.”
Ridiculous, sentimental. There’s a whisper of Mycroft’s voice in his mind, but Sherlock shoos it away as he always does.
Once more. John could manage that. He might even, possibly, be all right with going half a step farther. He licked his lips again before he obliged, making his voice as tender and earnest as he could. “Thank you, Daddy.”
“Christ. You’ve done a lot since the last time we played.”
—ScienceOfDeduction
He could have, for instance, sulked over the utter dearth of interesting cases and John’s insistence on
And John wants him here. John sits perfectly still no matter how his legs must feel after all this time, and he pets Sherlock’s hair, his shoulder, his flank like he is a spoiled, cherished housecat.
, and the shade of her lipstick said
“Good.”
A few drops trickled over John’s bruise, which had darkened to a purplish black and was still puffy despite the icepack. The rows of teeth marks were lovely, reminding Sherlock of rings which reminded him of
“Just a filter coffee for me. Tall. And—” He considers John: expression, posture, the quality of his sleep the previous night, and of course his personal taste. “—espresso macchiato for him. Semi-skimmed, just the one-ounce shot of espresso. Tall as well.”
He reaches for John’s cock—entirely soft, of course, because how could he still be aroused with Sherlock behaving like this, but Sherlock can rectify that easily enough. However, John stops him, clasping Sherlock’s hand and holding it immobile between them.
, for however long he is allowed it?
Sherlock didn’t even seem to hear him. With his head tipped back, he was gazing up at John with his lips parted and his eyes half-lidded. Like John was a miracle, or a precious gem, something other than an unemployed, plain-looking 37-year-old injured war veteran with popping joints, PTSD, and an illegal firearm.
Sherlock,
“Do me a favour, love,” John murmurs, “and open your eyes for a second.”
“Unh!” he said, and heard Sherlock echo him, although whether it was in response to the groan or the photo, he didn’t know. Didn’t care, really. He slipped so easily into the sleeve, so quickly and smoothly he barely felt the ridges as his cock skidded over them, hardly felt any friction at all in fact. Just the quick, wet glide and then the suction. Like he was being sucked right in and cradled sweetly.
It’s surprisingly comfortable like that: his head pillowed on his folded arms and his pelvis against John’s thighs. He sways his hips a bit, hoping the motion is suitably enticing, then shivers when John responds by dropping a hand on his arse, making idle figure-eights on the left cheek. The touch is featherlight, teasing, and it tickles.
It had no effect—it neither turned him off nor turned him on—so with a mental shrug, he carried on wanking.)
Sherlock kissed him, rising half off the sofa to do it, and this time John opened for him immediately. Sherlock tasted his breath, his saliva, and licked clumsily at John’s teeth and tongue. As he was exploring, John drew him closer, groaning. Sherlock’s head spun at the noise, and spun even faster when John grasped greedily at his shirt, tugging until the buttons strained.
John waited for him. Tried to, at least, although he found himself dozing a bit, listening to Sherlock pop in the shower for a bit, brush his teeth, rummage around in the cupboard.
And then he saw it. A flicker, gone as soon as he’d tried to blink it into focus, but it was enough. It had Mary’s shape, Mary’s hair, but its skin was grey, partially rotted; blood dribbled from its torn mouth.
No. Not a good line of thought to follow, not if this was meant to turn sexual. Sherlock cut it swiftly off.
just to see what it looked like.
12:40 p.m.
Yeah, I did.
Still, he hesitated. What if Sherlock responded poorly? If he became more insistent, if his obvious interest in John turned into a warped sort of obsession, or, worse, if he backed off entirely and turned his attention to some other poor sod?
His entire body tensed, tried to surge off the mattress, when John eased the tip of the dildo into his hole, which thanks to John’s work was sopping wet with lubricant. The toy slipped in without resistance, and Sherlock’s head fell back, his chest heaved, and he strained against the ropes so forcefully John could see them begin to bite into his skin.
like she’d said the other night; she only covered her vulva with her hand and dug her palm downwards, exerting a pressure that must’ve felt exquisite, since she went sloe-eyed and managed a breathy sob. Her hips bucked weakly, and her breasts bounced.
John’s mouth went dry; she had to swallow a few times before she could speak. “We’ll see. For now, I think I want your tongue.”
“Case?” John asks, standing in the kitchen threshold while Sherlock buttons his coat and arranges his scarf around his neck.
“Of course!” Sherlock still sounded terribly pleased with himself, apparently not grasping what was gravely wrong with that suggestion.
Sherlock is perfect. Sherlock is John’s.
She would be sore tomorrow, exhausted. She would think of Sherlock every time she moved.
“I suppose not.”
Christ, not only was he getting in people’s way, but others were watching from their windows as he gawked stupidly at his own shoes. He shoved the BlackBerry hastily back in his pocket and continued walking.
much more comfortable than his usual socks. Walking around, he didn’t even notice a difference.
“I needed
The phone chimed again in John’s hands.
he wasn’t thinking clearly—but also because this was John he was dealing with. For all the times that John had played perfectly into Sherlock’s plans, he still occasionally fouled everything up.
The noise certainly sounded as though it were coming from his and Sherlock’s flat. In the direction of the kitchen, or maybe the bedroom. Perhaps one of the pieces of equipment Sherlock had been interested in had been bought and now delivered. And if that was the case, it was a wonder the noise wasn’t accompanied by Mrs Hudson’s raised voice—because strange sounds from 221B never ended well, she’d learned not to suffer them.
My definition of ‘interesting’ has always been different to most people’s. Their minds, yours included (no offence intended), are placid. Mine's like an engine racing out of control. The amount of stimulation required to fully engage my mind is far greater than yours. Although, I admit, having a companion might’ve possibly improved the situation. I’ll keep your offer in mind.
Why are you living with your sister if the two of you don’t get on?
Afterwards, John slathers Sherlock’s arse cheeks in arnica cream and makes him drink a glass of water from the tap. Then he returns to the bed, near the headboard this time with his legs stretched, and lets Sherlock lie in his lap once more. His face fairly mashed against John’s belly and John’s hands in his hair, stroking gently and ceaselessly.
JohnHWatson: Well excuse me, you git, but I never used a computer until recently so it takes me a bit longer to find the keys.
It was chaos then. So much going on at once and in such a small space that John struggled to process it all.
“Off.” He was still arching, his legs bouncing under John’s bum as though he couldn’t sit still. “I want this off. Please.”
Which was a good thing, as far as John was concerned. Christ, had Sherlock really been keeping track of when John’s nipples hardened? John was no stranger to people staring at her tits, but to think of
But John only said, “Please,” again, and Sherlock understood.
When Sherlock dies and is buried, he decides, he wants that on his tombstone:
The surprise melted from Sherlock’s expression, replaced with such an intense fondness and longing that John’s insides twisted. Sherlock looked torn between either falling to his knees or pinning John against the wall. John wasn’t sure which he would prefer, if he would prefer either at all.
“You aren’t a harvester,” John said, lisping heavily. His fangs were longer than they’d ever been; his eyes were probably glowing.
“That’s it,” said Sherlock. “Are you wet?”
“He gets worse the longer you know him.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the pile on the sofa. “What’s all this?”
Another sob, louder this time. John was sweating, her hair damp around her temples, and her feet kicked uselessly, probably involuntarily. John was close, Sherlock realised. She was actually about to witness John Watson orgasm.
It’s been cleaned since Sherlock was here earlier. Not only does the plastic smell overwhelmingly of cleaning product, but everything’s been rearranged and sealed in plastic storage bags. On a whim, Sherlock peeks into the crisper and finds it empty, although he knows this morning it contained at least one tomato and part of a head of lettuce.
John leaned even farther back, arched her spine, moved her hips in little stuttering thrusts, humping up into the vibrator and down onto the cock. She was stunning. Sherlock wanted to photograph her, film her, then fuck her until the mattress was drenched and John’s brain was so flooded with oxytocin and dopamine she wouldn’t protest at all if Sherlock wanted to write her name on every bit of John’s body.
“So, speaking of women. Do you, erm.”
“Ta,” he says calmly. But it’s a false calm; Sherlock can see the tension in his jaw. “But I’m not much in the mood just now.”
You left rotting human fingers on your kitchen table?? For how long?? And where did you get them?? I can’t believe your landlady didn’t call the police or at least throw you out! Do you often have body parts just lying about your flat while you experiment on them? I’m not really sure what to say to that. I mean, a lot of people would probably be alarmed, but I’m mostly just curious. Suppose that says more about me than you doesn’t it?
And not helped at all by the fact that Sherlock’s hair was still windblown from the chase, her coat dirt-flecked and dishevelled, and she smelt faintly of gunpowder and smoke. She was gorgeous. It was distracting.
Judging by Sherlock’s narrowed eyes and downturned mouth, it still didn’t sound as good as whatever he had in mind—having John against a hard surface like he’d told Mycroft, probably.
“Come on,” she urged. “Be a good slut for me. Fuck yourself harder. I want you to soak my hand. I want to lick your come from my fingers.”
A shiver seemed to pass through Sherlock’s features, wiping them of any expression John could read, although he imagined—hoped—that Sherlock was thinking something similar to John’s thoughts. Then Sherlock adjusted his weight, leaning forward even more, and slid the massager deeper.
It was mad.
Another hip roll, rougher this time, and John’s answering “Mmm” was higher, tinged with frustration. It sent another swift jolt to Sherlock’s sluggish brain.
Entirely too soon, Sherlock left off and brought his hands instead to John’s hips. He gripped them the same way he had done earlier that night, trying to coax John to his toes so that Sherlock didn’t have to bend.
The answer was immediate. SH—Sherlock—must have anticipated the question, typed his response while John was thinking, and simply waited to send it.
Please. And any other emails you wrote but didn’t manage to accidentally send, if you’ve got any.
, that is, just… irritation. Perhaps.”
as one. Oh, John. You’ve been so bored, haven’t you? You’ve felt miserable and useless in London.”
The blowjob was really that bad?
“Oh, Sarah. Of course she exists. She’s my boss actually. We weren’t, um. We weren’t really working out, so....”
very much in need of money.
, he thought.
“I don’t listen to people when they talk?”
Of course Sherlock was right. John did love the socks; he
“Look, it’s just—” John began, but Sherlock only shrugged and proceeded to rip all three off.
That, what you just did there, would probably be impressive if you weren’t being such an arse about it.
The leather chafed a bit, and John abandoned his lip-biting to let out an “Ah!” of discomfort. When he flipped over, Sherlock was there again, making shushing sounds and dragging his fingertips through the hair on John’s inner thighs.
At Angelo’s maybe? So he can see I’m maybe less of a raging arsehole than I was at first?
Then he strode back to the living room, stood in front of John with the coffee table between then, and slammed the box down on top of it.
But what on earth, he wonders, is he meant to say?
Awkward, uncomfortable, yet not enough to put him off. John nudged his cock head just past the entrance and, in one swift glide, buried himself inside it. Then he cared about nothing but humping that slick, warm hole until he was panting and shaking from the exertion.
,” Sherlock insists.
Rat in hand, Sherlock shut the box again. “When I was just turned,” he said loftily, “my father taught me—”
That’s what John says, at least. Seated on the sofa in 221B, staring at his own shoes, looking smaller than Sherlock has ever seen him.
It might’ve been a sham for John’s benefit, but even the illusion of Sherlock taking John seriously was… It was good.
.” Sherlock smiled, and a loose curl of hair fell whimsically over his forehead. Christ, he was so gorgeous. What the hell was he doing with John? “Unfortunately, Lestrade still refuses to cooperate. We could investigate without his permission, of course, but… it’s so much more fun when I don’t have to bother with
The BlackBerry rang, and John, who had been expecting a chime, jolted in surprise. Then he answered, wetting his parched lips with his tongue. “Hello?”
.” On the last word, his voice dipped to a conspiratorial whisper. “You
as John could manage. “Please, Daddy, I want your come in me.”
“A woman’s number?”
“Jesus fucking Christ,” John gasped, humping Sherlock’s fist like mad. Already she could feel a sort of throbbing in her cunt, her orgasm approaching with all the speed and subtlety of a freight train. “Oh fuck, oh—”
“Fine. Then sleep there. But do sleep.”
John would spoil him shamelessly. Almost certainly he would insist on rubbing salve on Sherlock’s bottom, during which Sherlock could easily entice John into spreading his arse cheeks wide and eating his hole until it was so wet and loose that John’s tongue could slip inside. Hours upon hours of rimming, until John’s jaw was sore and Sherlock was sobbing and shaking and humping the bed like the good boy that John would tell him he was.
“Just give me a nudge if you need anything,” John said as he rolled onto his other side, facing away from Sherlock. “Good night. Stay warm.”
After all the time John had spent cleaning himself in the shower, fingering himself with nothing but water and soap to ease the way, slicking himself up now was easy. He moved gradually from one finger to two, then three for the hell of it. Stray bits of lube smeared on his thighs and dripped down his cleft.
When he returned, he found that SH had already replied.
Stupid. Stupid, stupid,
He reached beneath the bedsheets and pawed at John’s pyjama bottoms. John’s legs fell immediately open, leaving space for Sherlock to palm his hardening cock.
“A bit sad, wasn’t it?” John says, jarring Sherlock unpleasantly from his thoughts. “The case, that is.”
But John seems neither impressed nor surprised. He only shrugs. “Either. Both.”
He kept his mobile in his hand as he walked, so that when it buzzed again with SH’s response, he needed only lift it to read the screen.
“Say it again?” Sherlock said in a low tone.
In part because he has little better to do. After a conversation with John, Lestrade summarily bars him from the case and then enlists Mycroft to ensure Sherlock doesn’t try to sneak back onto it.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Of course.”
<JohnHWatson> What else do we need?
Also, since you expressed displeasure at the unfairness of my having seen your picture when you’ve not seen mine, I’m attaching a photograph of myself.
“Er,” John said. “Any siblings?”
“Fix the heating,” John said. He was staring at Sherlock’s still-parted lips, although he resisted Sherlock’s attempt to pull him back to them. “Do it yourself, phone someone, I don’t care—just fix it. All right?”
Sherlock stepped closer, raising his other hand to cup the back of John’s head and coax him forwards until the tip of his nose brushed the rat’s fur. It was disturbing; it was alarming. Not the least of which because Sherlock’s touch seemed intimate, almost sexual.
‘I’ve been thinking about your preoccupation with levels and what you said about overrelying on guide and walkthroughs, and I’ve decided it’s all rot.’
He plopped Sherlock’s gifts on the centre of the sofa and spun back around. As he did, he caught the scent of cigarette smoke, so strong he nearly gagged. The door was still wide open, and Sherlock was looking between John and the pile on the sofa like one was harmless and one was deadly and he couldn’t quite work out which was which. It was simultaneously the most heartbreaking and exasperating thing John had ever seen.
Sherlock surges towards him with a snarl and mounts him again.
I suppose so. Seemed a bit boring though, doing things the customary way.
“Of course, rape fantasies are common,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, “and, in your particular case, might appeal to your need for control and your attraction to dangerous situations.”
A flawed deduction I suppose you’d say.
John’s expression went stony. Dangerous. Something in Sherlock’s abdomen swooped at the sight. Apparently, no matter the situation, a dangerous John Watson would always excite her. “Who—no, maybe better I don’t know, actually. What do you mean by ‘wired wrong’?”
<JohnHWatson joined the game.>
to muck up like she did.”
Sherlock’s forehead wrinkled, but he nodded.
Oh god when I got there he was bloody posed with it, just leaned against it with his ankles crossed.
Groaning, Sherlock abandoned her own hand in favour of John’s and wasted no time sucking John’s fingers into her mouth, lapping up the wetness that coated John’s skin in a thick, sticky layer. John sidled closer, until their bodies were pressed together, and Sherlock laid a hand on John’s hip, gripping hard enough that she could feel the hard curve of John’s ileum crest.
Sherlock sank all the way to his knuckles. When John responded with another contented hum and a languid roll of his hips, making his internal muscles ripple, Sherlock echoed the noise, although his “Mm” was shorter and sounded almost pained.
John, more than a bit disappointed—in himself mostly, his own worthlessness—hurried to follow.
“Because you’re my pet, aren’t you? Not even a bit of discomfort for my spoiled, perfect kitty.”
Immediately John’s moans pitched lower and he found his words again. “Ohhh that’s nice. Jesus, that’s good. God yes, just like that, please.”
He’s only managed to scrape off half the coating using a scalpel, when he hears John enter the kitchen and stop just behind him.
“Which is fine,” said John. “I mean, if you don’t like being touched or you don’t want to get off or—”
“Already? Hang on, how do you know? Have you been playing without me?”
But, well. John never really claimed to be normal.
Now he was inside, John could clearly hear that the mechanical sound was coming from the bedroom, muffled somewhat by the closed door. Although not muffled enough that he couldn’t also hear the very familiar, always intriguing noise that accompanied it: gasps and bitten-off groans.
Look. I’ll give you the birth date and such and also the stuff about the military, the locum work, and Harry, since that’s all in the blog, but how do you know Ella is my therapist? The bit about my being disabled is totally unfounded, and I’m also not sure why you think I’m depressed. Or why you think I don’t like Harry.
doesn’t even begin to describe how John feels.
. The large flesh-coloured fabric strip peeking from the top of John’s jumpers every time she faced away from Sherlock. Which was far more often than Sherlock had ever realised—when John made tea, when she made a show of binning Sherlock’s experiments, when she fetched the phone from Sherlock’s coat pocket.
, he seemed to say.
The uncertain expression broke, and Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically. “Yes. Obviously.” He flopped to the side, seating himself on the sofa beside John. “I—if you must know, it’s been years since I was last in this situation, and I never… cared, really, what anyone else thought of me if I told them what I wanted.”
His good mood lasted only until he unlocked his flat door and walked inside. Then he felt suddenly like a dying, flickering lightbulb: due to be thrown away and replaced.
Can I ask you something? Why did you think it was a date when you and I met? Just because I was a bloke and we went to dinner, or......?
Sherlock spun back around and peered at John. His tensed jawline, his flitting eyes. He’d quarrelled with someone. Probably at the surgery, probably over his tardiness. He’d been dismissed for the day.
Eternity. All of fucking eternity. Or at least until the sun crashed into the earth and burned them all alive, or someone managed to chop off John’s head which could’ve been centuries from now. When Harry was dead and Mrs Hudson was dead, and Greg and Mike and Bill and almost every person John had ever known. When the only constants in his life were Sherlock and Mycroft and their parents, or whatever they were, and everyone else might’ve been the rats in the kitchen for how fleeting a role they played in what had become of John’s life.
“Right,” John says. “In that case, we need to talk.”
Sherlock had chosen a little two-person table in the centre of the coffeehouse, just beneath one of the dimly lit overhead lights. He’d unravelled his scarf and was unbuttoning his coat as John approached. But rather than immediately removing it, he reached inside and pulled out a thick manila folder, which he slapped in the middle of the table. It was so heavy that it thunked loudly against the wood.
Then he tries to pull his own hair at the same time, and he feels so ridiculous that he can’t bear it. He stands and paces the sitting room and throws himself onto the sofa to sulk for the rest of the afternoon.
So he said, “Oh, right. Thanks,” and stood to throw his own coffee away.
“Hmm. Dunno, actually. I’m not sure I’ve played long enough to have favourites. But I’m not fussy. I can manage with just this pistol if I need to.”
said his expression.
“But, you know,” John had continued, clamping down on the urge to smile, “people’s porn preferences don’t always correspond to their sexual preferences, so… you shouldn’t always go jumping to conclusions, yeah?”
John gapes like a fish while Rosie continues to yell and flail. “I— What?”
Oh yes, John was interested. Aside from the parcel arriving, which he wasn’t keen to consider any longer, his day had been utterly dull.
“Shut up. Timing jumps can be complicated.”
. The implication, the reminder—John was loose for Sherlock. Sherlock had opened him like a knife opens a wound, and anyone who examined his body now (not that Sherlock would allow it) would see what Sherlock had done.
Ella took up her pen again. “Really? That’s good. No nightmares?”
Sherlock was cool inside. Cool, but startlingly, irresistibly tight. John gave a gentle prod and a wiggle, trying to loosen him a bit. Sherlock’s nails dug into John’s knuckles, and two deep wrinkles appeared on his forehead.
went to the first of a series of shibari workshops in Chelsea.” Resting his elbows on his knees, Sherlock folded his hands beneath his chin. He was still smiling. It hadn’t dimmed at all, in fact. “There was never anyone else aside from you. I was reasonably certain that North London littles was safe, but preferred not to risk the very slight possibility of my being mistaken. I thought that a former Army doctor with an addiction to danger and a tendency to carry an illegal firearm would be capable of handling himself.”
“One comment about maggots,” Sherlock snapped. “That’s hardly ra—”
, not
And with that, Sherlock dashed up the stairs, leaving John at the bottom still clutching Sherlock’s mobile in one hand.
, that was all
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but... do you often compare people to Victor? Or is it just that I brought him up before?”
Then, inevitably, Sherlock would feel compelled to comment on them.
It was a ridiculous idea. It didn’t even sound hot. John chuckled. “Seriously? You’d want to pay for me to have sex with other people?”
Arousal flares and spreads throughout Sherlock’s body. His hands claw at the sheets for purchase, his eyes close, and he moans softly.
“Wait! Say that again. The last sentence.”
Sherlock can’t help but sneer. “Why? Because we’re
By the time he had joined Sherlock, propping his back against the headboard and leaning into Sherlock’s side, Sherlock’s whole body was strung like a taut wire. Every inhale was a gasp, every exhale a cry.
“Well, it doesn’t make me uncomfortable. So if you ever want to talk about it….”
“—don’t watch enough films to have a favourite,” Sherlock was saying, fidgeting in either excitement or anxiety. Perhaps both. Their table began to wobble and shake, and John realised Sherlock must’ve been jostling it with his feet. “So what I’ve written was the last film I recall watching that didn’t bore me to the point of—”
She recommended some sort of puzzle game. I was having a lot of trouble sleeping then, I’d started waking up every night in a cold sweat with my leg just aching mercilessly and my mind racing. I couldn’t get comfortable, I couldn’t get my head to shut up, so I would end up staring at the walls and the ceiling and wanting to tear myself apart. If I ever managed to fall back asleep after that, it was after the sun was already rising. Ella thought a mindless puzzle game might be able to calm me down when I got like that.
John was being jerked around. He must’ve been. He was taking photos of the ceiling in the National Portrait Gallery for a stranger he’d met over the internet, and he was surely about to be escorted out for suspicious behaviour. There was no reason for him to step to the left and lift his phone one more time, yet he did and then sent another photo to SH.
JohnHWatson: All right. Goodbye then!
John lunged for the BlackBerry, gripping it with slick and sticky fingers so he could enlarge the photo that had popped up on the screen.
she was slick. Her pubic hair was damp and matted, and her fingers slipped easily along the outer folds of her labia.
John glanced at him, just a brief flicker of his eyes in Sherlock’s direction while his head tilted to one side in a way that Sherlock was very familiar with.
“[laughing, softly] You are, yeah. Rather a lot, actually.”
“You…what?”
It’s exquisite, although the sensations are difficult to catalogue. Like when he first met John: nothing wholly unfamiliar, nothing he hadn’t experienced before, but there was a gravity to it, an indescribable difference from the usual that—although nearly imperceptible—was hopelessly alluring, impossible to ignore.
I don’t know what I’m saying. I just keep thinking aboutit and how I didn’t understand and didn’t want her to tell any one.
is… rather a lot. He wants to know John like no one else ever has, and to have him in ways John has never let himself be had.
Well, John thought, there wasn’t any harm in simply finding someone attractive, was there?
Still enjoying Caranguard?
. He’ll only talk about
John had imagined Sherlock’s bedroom would be just as cluttered as the living room, but it wasn’t. There looked to be a lot of stuff in it, yes, but everything was stored neatly in its place. Even Sherlock’s bed was perfectly made, although the first thing he did after flipping on the light was to throw back the duvet and make a wreck of the bedsheets.
John breathed in deeply—Claire de la Lune engulfed his senses—and then out. He could see his exhale, a white cloud that hovered in the air before dissipating like smoke. It was freezing.
Mrs Hudson tutted at him, her eyebrows arching. “Serves you right, you know.” She stepped around him and carried the mugs to the kitchen. “I did say I could manage on my own.”
Then John was alone in the living room, glancing between the sofa and the armchairs near the fireplace. The sofa seemed the better option, somehow less presumptuous and intimate than an armchair, so that was where he sat to wait.
buying me—”
Sherlock did, and knew the moment that she’d found the right angle and position. John sucked in a tremulous breath and undulated again and again, fucking herself in little shallow pulses while Sherlock stayed perfectly still, staring in silent wonder, and let her.
Sherlock turned and crawled across the sofa cushion towards John. He was welcomed warmly, with John lifting his arm and sitting up straight, making his lap a flat, sturdy pillow for Sherlock’s head. The scrubs were soft and loose, bunching up and slipping about on John’s thighs while Sherlock nudged and nuzzled, getting comfortable. They were too large for John—a spare set given to him when his own clothes had been stained in the man’s blood.
gold, John. Really?” He brandished it accusingly.
The sight of John’s head finally—
“But I’ve
“Shush,” says John. There’s a smile in his voice. “Let me take it slow. I want to see all the different marks I can make on your skin.”
Speaking of, I just bought a headset!
Sighing, John pushed his dinner tray away. The only thing on it was a plastic cup of blood with a little bendy straw, and the reek of it was making him nauseated. Knowing that it would eventually smell appetising made him even more so.
Sherlock was hardly going to shy away after John had already thrown himself in, was he? “On me,” he muttered into John’s trouser leg.
Sherlock’s lips tightened, and his gaze dropped to John’s chest. A resounding
. Sherlock rounded up the remnants of memory and shoved them back into their box, stored in the basement of his mind palace behind a heavy, locked door, before he carried on.)
That made John look up. His eyebrows were drawn together, wrinkling his forehead. “Of course there’ll be a next time. A lot of next times, I expect.”
“Not moving in,” John reminded him sternly, but Sherlock talked right over him.
11:32 p.m.
Sherlock thought sharply.
, he thought, gritting his teeth as he stared down at his mess.
“Don’t be an idiot. As I’ve said numerous times now—”
, said the information card on the cat’s cage. Male, approximately four years old.
Instead, he found himself grinning down at the mobile screen so widely it felt like his face was splitting in two. An interesting pronouncement, he thought, from someone who’d offered to buy him a session with every sex worker in London.
“Oh, Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson sighed. “You clot.”
London was… good. Nice. Large and unpredictable, quiet at times and loud at others, simultaneously picturesque and brutal. It was loads of things, really, and consequently impossible to pinpoint exactly why John was drawn to it.
, about Sherlock and the possibility of the police asking him to consult, especially now that the Met had announced they would treat the deaths as linked.
John’s improved mood continued into the evening, even though Sherlock hadn’t sent any further updates.
And that’s where it breaks down: cracks and shatters and is ground to dust. His body always twenty steps behind his mind, his body a tedious and slow and
“Are you seriously going to argue the realism of a game where purple gorillas the size of tanks throw rocks at you and bite the heads off robots?”
“Sleep deprivation has a significant effect on cognitive function,” Sherlock says. “Confusion, memory lapses, irritability, hallucinations. I once read an account of a man who, when sleep-deprived, became utterly convinced that there was a sea cucumber in his kitchen sink singing to him. So, really, you’re doing wonderfully in comparison.”
“Right you are.”
John paused, startled. “Come again?”
When John takes Rosie for a walk one afternoon, Mrs Hudson comes upstairs to fuss over the state of the fridge (free of experiments or body parts, but largely empty) and then sit in the armchair across from Sherlock’s, peering at him.
Once they were inside, Sherlock deposited John into his armchair without so much as a grunt of exertion, the show-off, and promptly swept off to the kitchen while John gripped the chair arms and dropped his head back.
He’s becoming aroused at just the thought.
“[laughing]
But Sherlock ignored him, popping open the lube and drizzling enough to form a small lake in his palm, and, well, if Sherlock wanted to take over—with his stupidly long fingers and strong, wiry arms—John certainly wasn’t going to complain. He slipped his own fingers out with a grunt and hiked up his leg, eagerly welcoming Sherlock’s hand as it shifted into position, dribbling lube on John’s thigh and probably the bedsheets as well.
But he was already flattening himself against the floor and reaching, grasping the box, yanking it towards him. Its contents rattled and clanged.
He tried to be quick about it. A swift scrub with his shampoo, a cursory wash with his bar of soap. He refused to let his mind wander, although it wanted to. It strayed to Baker Street, Sherlock’s hand, Sherlock’s
<ScienceOfDeduction was slimed.>
He finds Lestrade a short distance away, standing with his hands on his hips and a hunted expression on his face. Sherlock strides towards him, and when Lestrade spots him, he blinks and—ah, yes,
Jesus. I’m sorry.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock held out a stapled stack of papers. The autopsy report, John saw as he took it. He scanned the first page but saw nothing that contradicted or added to what Sherlock had said so far, so he set it aside.
“Fucking hell,” John gasped. His chest heaved, and the leather stuck to his shoulders as he lifted them, squirming, oversensitive and twitching as Sherlock began to lick him clean. “Oh my god. Stop, sorry, I can’t—”
John was at his side in an instant, helping him sit up. His hands were empty, gripping Sherlock’s forearm. The box was nowhere in sight.
He regrets saying it quite keenly now, but there’s no point in pretending he didn’t.
Oddly enough, it started with John.
“Shh,” John says, and draws even closer, winding his free arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and stroking the hair at his nape.
“Oh wow, um. Hi.”
No, if anything I’d say you were making it difficult for me to work up the motivation to leave.
Fact: Sherlock’s transport often refuses to do his mind’s bidding. (See: any number of tedious biological necessities, physiological responses to irrational emotion, etc.)
With that settled, John touches Sherlock’s left hip again, and this time, Sherlock doesn’t jump. He simply swivels his head to the side, so he has a better view of John’s hands, still gloved, gently kneading Sherlock’s skin.
“You were ahead of me for once! You should be pleased with yourself, John. You know it doesn’t happen often.”
“I’m not wearing your scarf to a crime scene.”
To his delight, John glanced at him and was loath to look away. His gaze lingered near the V of bare skin on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock promptly lowered one shoulder, willing the collar of his dressing gown to sag teasingly, but it stayed stubbornly in place. Stupid,
. Brilliant. Well done, Watson.’
The whole of the scene came into focus then. The beard of cereal Rosie hadn’t been sporting when John had left to get the door, the spoon that Rosie was jamming back into her mouth. She shouldn’t have been able to reach it.
“Sh!”
“How can the phone be here?” he asked, and when Sherlock said he didn’t know, John stood to get his own phone out of his pocket. “I’ll try it again.”
You didn’t tell me it was the Duke of Marlborough’s dog.
He was, coincidentally or by design—always hard to tell, even though Sherlock always claimed it was the latter—on his lunch break when the flurry of texts started arriving.
No, no, no, Sherlock would
“I don’t suppose,” he said while John licked, “I could convince you to reconsider using ‘Father’ instead?”
John froze and turned.
, Sherlock thinks. His eyes burn, and he blinks rapidly.
“Ask?”
“Certain types of electromagnetic fields have been known to induce paranoia,” he murmured. Probably talking more to himself than John, but still John listened intently. “I’ve nothing to test it with, of course, but…”
, he thinks, nuzzling harder as John’s fingers rake tenderly through his hair.
, John thought.
, Sherlock thinks in awe.
Sherlock didn’t seem bothered, though. Rather, he seemed… transfixed. His expression was similar to the one he’d worn during the dinner where he’d fondled John’s foot. John wondered if he was in danger of having his chest or arm stroked and photographed.
Sherlock tilted his head, peered up at John through his lashes. He looked wrecked: drying snot and sweat and spit and tears on his face, his chest sticky and come-covered, his eyes wide and pleading. Uncertain, maybe a touch fearful. Looking to John for help—needing John.
a card, then.”
When he wasn’t examining himself—there was, after all, only so long he could stand to ponder his own shortcomings and how John felt about all of them—Sherlock spent a lot of time thinking about Mary.
“You can bite my throat,” John told him. “Not—” Another hip roll, more insistent this time, and a moan rumbled in Sherlock’s chest. John licked his lips, imagined himself in the same position if only Sherlock had followed through, the tease. “Not to rip it out or anything, but… maybe a sip or two.”
Sorry this chapter is late. Sunday was rough. Anyway, enjoy!
Sherlock went absolutely, perfectly silent, his eyes half-lidded and unfocused and his mouth open so wide that John could’ve probably stuffed his whole hand inside. John had barely a second to realise, ‘He’s actually—’ before he felt Sherlock’s prick pulse and spurt inside him. A bit sooner than he might’ve liked—he hadn’t reached the point of even
“He was mine before he was ever yours,” Sherlock said. He was still staring down at John, his lips, his own hands against John’s neck. “And you had him long enough. Time to let him go where he belongs.”
“You’re so close, aren’t you?” John says. “You gorgeous, perfect thing. You were made for me, weren’t you?”
John thrust the t-shirt back down, feeling ridiculous and guilty. He was basically stringing Sherlock along now, wasn’t he? Accepting his money and gifts without providing anything in return. Sherlock really couldn’t have chosen someone worse to pursue.
It had ended all right, though. And although the experience hadn’t put Sherlock off snooping—unfortunately, John suspected nothing would accomplish that—it had at least taught him to ask about what he found, properly, instead of just acting on it.
Sherlock couldn’t wait any longer. His patience had dwindled weeks ago; he had nothing of it left.
John snorts, and Sherlock realises what an empty sentiment it is and that by trying to say it pleasantly, cheerily even, he’s made it even more so.
But John doesn’t take up his typing again. Instead, his sigh is followed by the sound of his laptop clicking shut, then his chair skidding across the floor and creaking as he stands and moves away from the desk.
Sherlock became abruptly aware that she could feel her pulse between her legs, which pounded harder as John covered her nipples with her hands and squeezed. The creamy, supple skin of her breasts shivered at the touch, and John tipped her head back against the pillow, closing her eyes with a pleased sigh.
“Oof!” John grunted, and it was only the playful hands that planted themselves on his arse cheeks and prised them apart that stopped him from kicking Sherlock away. He was checking again that there was no bruising or tearing, John assumed. He lay still and let him look. “Erm. No, I—”
And then he was coming, impressively quickly for a man of his age who moments before had been barely erect. His lower back arched and he drove his heel painfully into the top of Sherlock’s shoulder blade, as come spurted from his prick, shooting thick white stripes on his abdomen.
They are silent the rest of the way to Baker Street.
Sherlock gathered more lube and pushed his slickened forefinger and middle finger inside. But before he’d even reached the first knuckle, he was hissing and removing them. It burned, not awfully, not unbearably by any means, but the pain was no less jarring because of that.
“Is there friendly fire in this game?”
John blinked and looked quickly back down. “Yeah, well. I wanted a cuppa and decided to make you one while I was at it.”
When that was finished, Sherlock dressed himself in a T-shirt and pyjama bottoms and brushed his teeth (more thoroughly than usual). By that point, he felt nearly frozen, as the temperature in the flat had continued to drop. His limbs had broken out in gooseflesh, his nipples were hard and visible through his shirt, and he was shivering, his teeth trying to chatter although he refused to let them.
“Please,” Sherlock said, practically whining. “Say it, John, please.”
“Don’t do that either. You’re worse at that than you are at communicating with words. Just—” Sherlock breathed, his expanding lungs pressing his back more firmly into John’s hand. “Just ask.”
“That’s it, Sherlock. Make a mess for me.”
He tilted Sherlock’s head back so that he could press his lips to Sherlock’s forehead. This time, the kiss was neither exaggerated nor comical, and it lingered long enough for John to inhale and exhale once, rustling Sherlock’s fringe. Sherlock didn’t dare to breathe.
Sherlock threw himself off John and dove towards the bedside table, where he’d replaced the condoms and lubricant that morning. He grabbed the latter, which slipped through his eager fingers and hit the floor with a thud. Thankfully, it didn’t spill. Clenching his teeth in embarrassment, Sherlock picked up the fallen bottle and snatched the box of condoms from the drawer.
—and ended with John storming out, his jacket sleeve flapping about as he tried to shove his arm through it in his anger—was mind-boggling. A testament to John’s bullheadedness and how Sherlock needed to learn to simply let it be, accept that John was perhaps the farthest from rational and predictable that Sherlock had ever encountered.
“Hm?” John calls from the kitchen, obviously having heard his name. “What was that, Molly?”
, he wants to growl,
“John.” He sounded astonished, maybe even a touch alarmed.
In short: Sherlock mightn’t have been the cat that Mrs Hudson had envisioned adopting, but she adored him all the same. She wouldn’t have changed a thing about him, she thought.
Disappointment, bitter as low-quality coffee. Lestrade won’t mark the frankly momentous change without assistance, apparently. Less subtle, then.
Sherlock said nothing, but scooted into a better position to stand. His knees gave a little wobble—he’d been lying inert longer than he’d realised—and he stumbled.
Okay so let’s say I hadn’t panicked and got a bit shouty when you said I was your date at Angelo’s.
Sherlock does. Or, at least, he understands what John intends for him to understand, although John—kind-hearted, simple-minded John—doesn’t see all that Sherlock sees. The numerous flaws in the analogy, the jagged edges, the little blemishes in the surface just begging to be picked at.
John wouldn’t have thought it possible for Sherlock to look even more pleased, but it evidently was. He fairly glowed at the question.
“You’re a doctor,” said Sherlock. “You know the human body always wakes dehydrated; it’s no different for us. Five bags a day should be a good place to start. We can adjust if we need to.”
cues, actually, which was clearly a shit thing to do. Now I know better.”
He slid to his knees on the floor, reaching for John’s hips, his mouth already watering in anticipation.
Sherlock understands that less, as she still winds up looking at the same toys day after day, just in a different position. But he supposes he can fathom the appeal of wanting to pick up the toys, verify herself that nothing has changed since the last time she saw them. Sometimes Sherlock will slip the rattle over the elephant’s nose or hide a ball in one of the stacking cups, just to give her something new to investigate.
Let me know and I’ll see about getting a ride.
John sagged against the wall. Sherlock caught him before he could slump completely and steered him into the corridor, then to the front door. They paused once in the living room, where Sherlock left another lit match burning on the sofa, and then they were outside, clinging to each other and shaking.
An hour after Sherlock takes his first multivitamin, he sits down at the kitchen table with the rest of the bottle, intent on scraping the coating from one of the pills and then crushing it and examining its composition.
“There bloody wasn’t. You were… testing me. Or something.” John shouldn’t have—how much time had he spent performing silly tasks for Sherlock? how many times had he made an ass of himself in public to perform them?—but he found himself laughing. “I rode the London Eye
Sherlock’s voice, not terribly loud to begin with, grew abruptly quiet, a soft rumble that John could almost feel.
That thought gives him pause, lingers in his mind like a blood stain on white.
In the bedroom, he threw open John’s sock drawer and grabbed the ring box, which was still on its side and crooked as he’d found it the previous day.
John stops halfway through the third lap and leans down, licking his lips. Sherlock shakes his head emphatically.
“No, course not. Not someone with my tiny little mind.”
“C’mon,” said John. “Give us a bite.”
“This is just like the other day with your foot,” John assured her. “I’m just exploring. Not trying anything. Okay?”
7:00 p.m.
With another frustrated groan, Sherlock kicked his feet to the floor. He wedged a hand between his thighs, squeezing them together until his muscles began to protest. He was aroused, so erect that his trousers bulged obscenely. His penis ached and throbbed in time with his pulse.
. Any of those or more would do, but John didn’t care to hear it. He laughed again and effortlessly wrestled the condoms and lube from where Sherlock had completely forgotten he was grasping (and crushing) them.
“Ah!” Sherlock stopped on one such report, tapping it excitedly with his forefinger. He spoke so rapidly, a long string of words with hardly a space between them, that John had difficulty following. “Arsenic poisoning. Not rare, obviously, but in this case it was
Sherlock’s smile could have rivalled the sun in its brilliance. “Excellent. Very good.” The smile dimmed suddenly, and he cocked his head like a curious cat. “Incidentally. Did you know you don’t have your walking stick?”
He kept his eyes open and fixed on John’s. He let John see his eyelashes flutter when he took John’s prick into his throat, the same way that his throat muscles fluttered around the girth, struggling to accommodate it. And with every flutter, John’s cock gave a weak throb and a drop of precome smeared on Sherlock’s tongue when he pulled off.
“What did Mary do to lose John’s trust?” she asks.
John laid his palm against his crotch, just over the bulge of his prick. It felt thick and heavy in his pants, even though it wasn’t quite stiff yet. ‘Look at you,’ he thought. ‘He’s got you thinking about wanking to gold—the fantasy of gold, anyway.’
Her cunt was so wet now that she was practically slippery. Her fingers dipped past her outer labia and glided over her clit like silk, just enough friction to be sweet. John rocked again, more slowly this time, and lost herself for several long moments like that, aware of nothing but the soft noises of her own wetness and the hot, insistent pulse between her thighs.
“That’s it,” John said. “This is what puppies do, you know. Especially brilliant, gorgeous puppies like you who want to be good boys. They hump their masters’ legs like eager little tarts.”
You do that.
A suspicion, long-held but recently forgotten, resurfaced in John’s mind. “There was no case, was there?”
As though Sherlock were a dog that needed muzzling.
<JohnHWatson> Am I? Know that for a fact do you?
It said a lot about their relationship, John reflected, that he wasn’t even fazed by the non sequitur. He swallowed his mouthful of tea, then set the cup down beside his plate of eggs before he answered. “Really? I hadn’t noticed.”
, Sherlock thinks, but doesn’t dwell on it.
You can change the difficulty level at any time in the options menu. I’m surprised you didn’t know that, as it’s one of the most common game tips that pop up on the loading screens.
“I mean,” he said slowly, “that people with interesting lives have blogs. Not… not people like me.”
John had to work the next morning, which was unfortunate. Sherlock had had hopes of lounging about all day, relishing John’s presence in the flat. The sight of him in his usual chair whittling away the better part of the morning on his computer, the sound of him in the kitchen rifling through the fridge for a snack, the smell of him after one of his long late-afternoon soaks in the bath.
Sherlock was already gone, although John heard him pause at the top of the stairs and turn back. He popped his head into John’s room. There was a downwards curl to his ridiculously lush lips.
The distance, nearly three feet, seemed insurmountable. Surely if John were amenable he wouldn’t have moved them farther apart; he wouldn’t have gone immediately to sleep.
Suddenly, Sherlock was shoved away. A thick string of spit stretched between his lips and John’s cock, which was so pretty and red now, so thick and needy. Sherlock pouted and began to whine before he realised that John was stroking himself, the saliva helping his fist glide smoothly and quickly up and down his length. Jerking himself off, finishing himself.
“You—” says Sherlock, but thankfully some semblance of a preservation instinct stops him from finishing.
“John,” Sherlock said eventually. His voice was so warm and soft that John fancied he could have wrapped himself in it like a quilt. “That was—” A pause, and John was mortified to realise he was holding his breath, waiting anxiously for whatever would follow. “Good. That was
As Sherlock blinked, his lashes dragged against the eyepiece of his microscope. His soil sample, perfectly in focus, seemed to blur.
, as a little spark of arousal shoots through him and his entire body is suddenly alight, swaying towards John, feverishly warm. For the first time in years, Sherlock feels his penis is in danger of becoming erect while he is awake.
organising) and hunting through the drawer in search of each day’s socks—but the latter question, and its relation to the first, stopped him.
“Because you’re not, for one,” he said.
Sherlock huffs. “Oh, don’t let’s pretend your feelings on the subject are at all congratulatory. And yes, intercourse
He was alone.
Not to mention, John’s lips—and, he presumes, his own, although he can’t see them at present—look freshly kissed, the wrinkles on his collar indicate he’s recently stretched his neck to reach something taller than him, and the lapels of Sherlock’s coat still bear indentations from the grip of a strong, insistent pair of hands.
you—”
Sherlock didn’t stay to hear the rest. He spun on his heels and walked to the bedroom. He didn’t bother taking off his coat or scarf; they could serve as a nice bit of protection if this went poorly.
And do feel free to picture a bloated corpse there.
Sherlock curled his fingers, gripping John’s arm rather than simply resting on it. “By…Mary?”
, she didn’t say. Although to be honest, she wasn’t as disappointed as she probably should have been. What did it say about her, she wondered, that she was just as happy to be shot at as she was to get a leg over?
You’re not. I never said that and I don’t like that you’re saying it.
“Sherlock!” the woman said, spinning round. “There’s someone—”
“Fucking hell, Sherlock. If you ever—” The moment John’s gaze landed on Sherlock, he went silent. His chest expanded suddenly, and his nostrils flared. Shocked-interested-aroused.
He luxuriated in them, rolling in the fabric like a wet dog until he was on his stomach and happily cocooned in the satiny fabric. Sherlock sidled in beside him and kissed his bare shoulder so tenderly it made John ache.
I don’t know anything about a patch. Would that have been part of the update it had me download last night? I didn’t play very long, but nothing seemed broken.
Or even just denied it when some arsehole at school called her a dyke, but she never did.
the walk upstairs, wriggling in Mrs Hudson’s arms until he could put one of his paws on her shoulder and stretch himself as long as possible so that he could sniff the air, his little nose twitching. She paused once at the bend in the staircase and let him sniff at the wall, which he enjoyed so much he let out a little
he thinks.
“You’re not subtle, you know. You’re anything but subtle.” John lifted her head long enough to sweep the dishevelled hair from her nape, baring the bruised skin, and Sherlock found herself staring, licking her lips. “See. Look at you. You want to bite me so badly you can taste it, can’t you?”
