"Which one of you handsome blokes is Castiel?" He spoke as his eyes wandered over each and every one of their faces. The stranger's face was completely overshadowed by the strong light emitting behind him, only a fragment of his eyes could be seen in the darkness.
Cas, what the hell is that supposed to mean? Since when did this become your mission?” you speak in a brisk tone as you look at him sideways- you didn’t mean to sound harsh but somehow his way of speaking was getting to you- the two knuckleheads in the back could feel it too.
His mouth fell at the sight, there was no doubt about it. He places his fingers under his chin, something about this photo looked very odd to him, the space besides Dean looked severely empty and the photo looked ruined from that side. It wasn't burnt or anything but it just looked... Blurry? As if some static created this moldy look beside him. He turns his eyes towards Dean again, he looked so happy, and VERY young here, maybe the huge brunette on his side was Sam? Is that what he looked like? Then who were the others? Did he know them personally? Who was this old man?-
“Okay, so…” Crowley is the one who finishes eating first and starts becoming the center of attention again- Dean was annoyed by his antics but he chose not to ruin his lunch
"This looks like a bust Dean, lets just regroup towards one of the rooms on the other side, I think I’ll manage somehow”
“The little Winchester wanted to track you down. Since you went off grid he wanted to trace you another way. You put that head of yours to good use-I’ll give you that Cassie” he laughs and makes faces at Dean whose claws are digging into Castiel’s leg “No digital footprints, no cosmic leftovers no nothing-just plain old fashioned stalking”
Why the hell would I lie about something like this? I'm sorry but he's gone Dean. And  he ain't coming back this time.
“Damn it turn that stuff off, I’m trying to put these boxes down without losing my temper” a man in his 40’s grunts as he places a crate full of glass bottles on the ground, rubbing his back and moustache as he’s finished
“Yeah, yeah I’m going- Jesus” He waddles and forces himself out- his body is still stiff and loose and seeing him struggle a bit Sam comes to his aid- which is instantly denied by the wave of a hand. Sam stays on Dean’s side, slowly following him after he moves on ahead to wear some soft warm shoes left near the door “I know how you feel about this and that’s why I’m going with you- I mean its Cas after all. We both deserve an answer”
I slip and feel the cold ground pull me in as I fall, the cowering trees subside and bring me to a path that breaks away from everything, no more land and no more stones, no more unknown humming from the night sky and its inhabitants ready to swallow me whole. My eyes waver at first but see a fence as I place my hands on it to pull myself up, the cold metal sticking to my skin completely. There’s a road that cuts through this forest, pristine and clean from the leaves that shake profusely, a spotlight bleeds onto my head and warms the muscles that ache-just like…
You are so tired, but so content, as if nothing could compare to this. You feel that same warmth fill you as you hear their voices, even simple grunts or mumbles from them would give you such ease.
His trembling lips were only one of the symptoms of his aching joints- he never had time to himself these past few weeks and now that he does the numbing silence was beginning to bring the worst out of him. His thoughts were tangled up in his brain- there was so much to dwell over within those intricacies and vexations-where could he even begin?
“The day this all happened I was actually pursuing you boys for a favor- you see hell was kind of cutting some loose ends and long story short I needed you to find me some names on a list, or maybe I was bored? Who’s to say really? Anyways none of you picked up my calls so I ended up looking for you. The bunker? Empty; at first I thought huh, are they ignoring me? Are they actually trying to get on my bad side? Because even after everything I don’t expect them to-”
Ever since coming back he’s found it hard to settle down in this time frame again. The first few weeks were agonizing for both him and Dean, the comfort of the bunker seemed so unreal when they took their first steps. Visits from Jody, Garth and Crowley-funnily enough-didn’t really make things easier on them-Dean in particular. He’s always repressing something and hiding behind his gentle smile but Sam knew what clouded his mind even if he buried himself in porn and alcohol. It’s a miracle they even walk around normally at this point, let alone even consider taking on any jobs in the near future-it’s just temporary, Sam hopes.
I exhaust myself by running too fast, i was so close to him and I hated myself to lose my breath and strength at this very moment. I blow out my steam and exhale, my breath creating a cloud in front of me. My sweat started to drop and make marks on the footstep, little did I know where I had been standing all this time.
The wind blows over the scraps of cloth above him- a melancholic breeze just whistling in the cuts and tears as the clouds carry themselves away from his view. The tent wasn’t as big as he wanted it to be but from where he laid it seemed quite massive- the ceiling unreachable and the room wide and incomprehensible. He turns to his side and buries his nose in the dusty ruffled sheets of his mattress- it always made crunchy metallic sounds whenever he moved, the fact that he even managed to find one was a miracle on its own; a victory in these bleak moldy days.
“I never liked it- just robbing those people…leaving them with nothing or letting them fend for themselves with nothing to…how does any of that sit well with you?”
" I don't know how to say this but I know there's something about you that somehow makes sense to me. You have potential and intellect. Your recent paper sucked though, but I know that there's more to it.". I didn't understand how i had to respond, but the tone of his voice made me want to trust him. Could I do that? I mean as a teacher he sucked too, so I can't really fight him. But the fact that he doesn't think he sucks worried me. I was glued to the floor, not moving a muscle. I heard light footsteps and before i knew it Dean was standing in front of me, he brought his face closer to mine; widening his eyes as he did.  Was it sympathy that I felt in those beautiful eyes?
“Heh-Don’t tell him that-he is very intuitive than most humans. It’s quite amazing” Castiel hums as he reaches into his pocket and scratches Dean’s little head and he nuzzles and licks his fingertips as a response before meowing and going back to sleep.
“No! Let me come to you, you just stay where you are right now, who knows what you’ll end up seeing? This is exactly why I was not in favor of splitting up!” He winces exasperatedly, clearly consuming all of his energy over his worry
The small mask sparks and the steam leaves a mark on Castiel’s palm, the same mark appears on Dean’s wrist, which is much lighter in comparison. Bobby gets up and idly stands over him with his hands behind his back, his eyes wander over both Dean and Castiel, he looks moist from the palpitations and the tense ache in his back.
“We need to evacuate right now! If what Hailey says is true we need to leave in the truck NOW. Where are the keys God damn you?!” A brunette with a braid screamed as she rushed towards Luther without hesitation.
Castiel wanted to go near and talk to him but something in his stomach told him not to. Dean looks up very slowly and gives him a half-assed grin with a dark look in his eyes.
“Listen to me. I just want to ask some ques-“Sam intruded as he took one step closer towards him, trying to neutralize the situation.
Castiel's thoughts stop, hell almost everything in his body stops when he hears that voice. It was a deep, old kind of sound. The heavy footsteps get closer and he had no other choice but to confront it, if things go haywire he knew where the shotgun was. He turns his head slowly and made eye contact with the source, the bushy beard was kind of a giveaway.
Castiel watches him with his aversive looks, he knows of his intensity and his tough exterior, he only wished that he could see the same
Castiel stands as well and tilts his head slightly, his eyes urging him to stop something he isn’t ready for-not now, maybe ever.
We stare wide eyed at the brown and orange leaves piled over our object of interest, our hearts almost stopped at the sight-me in particular.
Sam tries to fight it but closes his eyes, as if being vexed by something unknown “Sam?” You call out to him, but he doesn’t respond, he doesn’t even notice you as you extend your hand and reach out.
“No. Just sleep” Dean talks groggily into Cas’ shirt and pulls him away from reaching his object of desire. Cas laughs but still manages to grab it by its dangly end, he beams at his success and rubs the back of his head into Dean’s forehead “I don’t sleep. I want to pass the time somehow Dean”
And on and on he went in his head. He was in no mood to run after anyone but yet here he was, running. Either way he needed to get him back, he wasn't one to break off a deal.
“These will protect you from them- one warding will shield your organs from their powers while the other shields you from their hallucinations” he breathes in a rugged way as he places his hand on his forehead and struggles to stand on his feet. You and Sam instinctively reach out to him but he only pushes you away- you in particular. “I’m fine-” He groans dispassionately as he turns around in a strange way- his hand rubbing his temple with a lot more force than anticipated “Crowley, you come up and I’ll mark you too. We need to move on now- no more delays” he grunts as he waits for Crowley to stand in front of him.
From the other side of the doorway we see Dean, his back placed on the wall separating him from the room Sam and Bobby are in, he wistfully grasps the strap of his bag and swallows the metaphorical stone lodged in his throat- successfully suppressing his cries from flowing out. He strangles any ounce of dismay in his head- he tries to at least- as he watches the walls and the books fixated upon the dusty shelves, this wasn’t home but leaving it was tearing him apart, clearly the others felt the same way. He looks down at his bag, all of the necessary things needed for their journey- Sam was carrying the other half- the one with books and almanacs of some sort, everything they believed they could need really. He still hears the stifled cries from the inside; he turns his head sideways, his jaws clenched and pristine by the daylight that hits his skin.
Dean’s coughing resonated in their tiny abode, straining Sam’s ears in the process. He watches his brother struggle to keep his feet on the ground as he walks around aimlessly looking for some of the items from their excavations. Sam stares at him, eyebrows raised and grew curious as to how long he’ll keep on pretending.
I love you all for all of the destiel memories you've given me, i will forever be happy thinking of you and Team free will, i love you all and my boys, forever till the end.
I opened both valves of the shower, waiting for the good stuff to come out. I left the bathroom and started cleaning up outside. I picked up my papers and threw them on the desk in my room, even my room needed attention. I saw the rays of the sun enter my haven, the patterns of the curtain creating winged shadows on the beige carpet. In a strange way I felt nostalgic looking at them. I never shopped for these type of things, but this damn curtain just struck me. They were pretty awesome, if you didn't focus on the flower patterns.
Castiel watched as Dean held in his rugged breaths as he finished his story, he could feel the horrified state Dean had described and he wanted to slap himself for asking him this question. Dean sniffed and stood upright once more and continued towards their destination, Castiel watched him from behind and felt pity for the man that carried the whole world on his shoulders. Was there even more to his story than he had imagined? Castiel wondered as he followed behind him slowly. His thoughts were beginning to muddle up in his head as he stared downwards, the tip of his boots were beginning to peel off and it felt as if the soles were partially loose as well, he was drowning himself with excessive thoughts and he felt like he lost all of the courage he had stored up for his journey.
“You fainted because of the fever you kept hidden from me, dumbass” Castiel remarked sarcastically “The least you could’ve done was warn me about it Dean”. He shuffled in his spot on the floor and he glared at Castiel with a small pout on his face
“How did you procure a cigar? Even after all of this?” Cas winces at the overpowering scent, Crowley only smiles in response “I’m sorry if a guy likes to get off the edge from time to time. But no need to talk about little old me, I’m asking you how you did it- did all of this”
He couldn’t hold back his painful groan and he placed his head on the cold wooden floor, his abdomen hurting all over. Bobby pushes Sam off of him and they both crawl towards Dean in unison, the same look of concern invading their face- Sam’s eyes a lot more so. Dean manages to pick himself up and sit upright while Sam’s hand was gently placed in front of him- he gives off an agonizing sigh as a tear drop falls onto his shaking hands- after a few seconds of breathing uncontrollably he manages to speak- his gruffness disappearing altogether.
“I know. You don’t have to say anything” Bobby pulls him into an embrace again, his pout quivering from the boiling sensation he feels inside- Sam feels it suffocating him too. He grasps onto the back of his light blue plaid shirt, clutching onto it with a lot more force than he had intended to- but Bobby doesn’t shy away from it.
Your blink at the silhouette and you try to catch your breath from the impact. A few seconds passed until you could see again.
“Spring cleaning?” He takes the offer and places himself comfortably on the wooden chair, his legs spread wide as he rubbed his hands together, wincing by an unknown pain from doing so.
who’s in the ground instead of me this time. One down, two more Winchesters to go” He sneered and everyone gagged and wrecked their lungs by their laughter. Dean could feel a numbing fire burning at the pit of his stomach, he remained unfazed and strangely calm by the banter and rowdy atmosphere. Luther could sense the indifference that resided inside of him, and he knew he could take advantage of the scenario even more.
“Nothing matters” you hear Castiel mumble under his breath- you weren’t sure if the others had heard it but you didn’t bother addressing it either. It was better this way; you knew it was.
“Not really-but I have enough knowledge to go by” he bites his skin playfully and Dean feels like he’s going to faint “If I get confused I’ll let you know” he flirts as he takes his lips in his again.
This place was oddly beautiful, a vast, unknown garden where you could lay and never be seen again. Maybe you’ll do just that after this day is over.
Hank waves as he starts driving towards the open gate, the guards waving back at him as they close it again. Castiel looks at the small box in his hand still strumming away the tune, fiddling with it in a questionable way-he wasn’t really sure how this worked “I guess we’ll have to figure it out ourselves, huh Dean? Maybe get one of those…tapes?” he muses as he looks at the fur ball look up with his drunken eyes and sighs.
“JUST SHUT UP. What is it that you want from us? What even are you?” You shout with ferocity while rotating your head to and fro, hopelessly trying to find the source of the voice.
The walls were dull and the shelves upon them mostly empty, only a few books lay upon it-books he didn’t know were a part of Dean’s personal collection. He never asked him what he liked to read-what was the last thing he did for fun? What was fun for Dean? Would he also find it fun? The prospects wandered in his mind and the familiar swelling started to emerge again-why was it so difficult to contain himself these days?
Castiel looked at Dean, his mind completely frozen by the suggestion. Walking on cars?! Dean stared at him with a rigid smile and waited for him to respond, he knew Castiel had no choice, regardless of the puzzled expression on his face.
A fleeting emotion blurs through him in waves, it flows through his wrists and then his neck- as if a feather was tickling him all over his torso. He stands idly, just feeling it all over until he digs his boots deep into the ground and walks away- his sad grin disappearing on his lips.
Castiel's moan echoed in the air and Dean got startled by his voice, he turns to face him in his sleeping bag and watches him wide eyed, hopefully not looking miserable at all. Castiel pursed his lips and opened his eyes slowly, the medicine still residing in his bloodstream. Dean gives an affirming nod with the raise of an eyebrow and Castiel responds with a warm drunken smile. His skin had more shades and color and full of life than it did a few hours ago.
He also realized he was starving, dazed and completely unaware of what exactly happened a few hours back.
Castiel is taken aback by his interruption but he continues nonetheless “We’ll… find a way to conjure up a spell that can reverse everything and…”
“…Come home. Get a coffee, clear your head and give me an update every 15 minutes-before the rain gets any worse” Sam cuts the call before Dean could respond, his responses were already slow enough because of the buzzing in his ears. Dean rubs his face and places his forehead on the steering wheel, hoping that his pulsating pain would subside soon. He realizes after a while that he’s crying, it’s a strange reaction to have right now but he just feels empty, so burned out from the thoughts and images circling in his mind, no amount of liquor could manage to erase that-no matter how persistent he was to test that theory again and again.
He didn’t dwell over it, he placed his hand over Bobby’s and gave it a tight squeeze, even a small gesture such as that lightened the strained colors in his eyes, Dean couldn’t believe the glee that seeped into him from his hefty palm. Sam also smiles and stands closer this time, but before he could give Dean some physical contact he slipped between them and walked out of the room, they watch Dean marching out through the doorway, they hear a gun cocking in the distance- Sam knew those steps and sounds oh too well, he took it as his cue to march onward- the smile still plastered over his long gentle face.
out- there... I...". Dean closed his eyes as he breathes into his clammy hands, he felt so irresponsible and mentally exhausted from repeating himself over and over again. Sam remained silent as he clenched his fists in the torn pockets of his dirty jacket, his long brown locks hid half of his face as he bit his lip and gulped unconsciously.
Sam and Dean look at each other with discontent-their jaws clenched and their torn skins just waiting for them to collapse on the floor and give in to the weight upon their shoulders
You reach the door and place your backs to it; Sam holds the handle to the right while you hold the left. He looks at you, flare still in hand, hovering over him as the heat makes the roots shrivel and shriek, slithering away from the door frame.
“Dude, just relax for once” Sam pats his shoulder harshly as he smiles “We’re not on a schedule today so we can worry about going home whenever”
Sam looks up and meets Bobby’s gaze- he heaves a heavy sigh while rubbing his hands on his knees, slowly but surely he was going to find an answer soon- surely he would know what to do. He refused to acknowledge this, any of this.
Castiel looked at Dean, a horrified expression on his face. Dean was annoyed by his reaction and he smacked his head lightly “Stop being a baby and just sleep on this side of the mattress, you won’t even know I’m here” Dean shuffled towards the other end of the mattress and gave an ample amount of space for Castiel to lie down in. Weak willed as Castiel was, he scampered from the floor and invaded the free spot with ease and sighed at the connection with the soft surface. Dean and Castiel’s backs were inches away from each other and they sensed the awkward atmosphere that existed between that gap.
“I honestly thought you were… your eyes glowed the same way, only a little more… blue? Like a really, really dark blue; what even are you?”
“Because I mean I know okay? People leave and I understand because this life isn’t meant for anyone-even for an angel. But it was
He swallows hard, the veins in his neck quaking and thumping with unease- he knew this room- he could never forget this room- but he knew what he needed to do.
Sam’s eyes wander over Dean’s expressions- his breathing bleak and hopeless even with the burnt amulet that swings around his hand, he was ready to speak his mind and Dean was more than happy to oblige and listen to him, just listening to his voice managed to calm him down. “ I know how you feel Dean, I feel betrayed too, okay? But knowing Cas I would do anything to protect what matters most, wasn’t it me who left you alone a few months ago willingly? Thinking I could save us? Constantly telling you how everything has been different for us since the Collapse? That all of my dreams were no longer dreams but memories? Or maybe even things that haven’t happened yet? You knew and even then you didn’t choose to listen-you chose to avoid it as long as possible because…”
I heard shuffling here and there, but I chose to ignore it. Well, that was my second mistake of the day.
“You got the radio working! It’s nice to see you’re not rusty. Heh” Dean jokes as his eyes follow Sam’s back and quickly turns them away as he looks back. He notices his gesture and decides that it was time to address the matter at hand. He places his back on one of the shelves and crosses his arms before he speaks “Dean?”
“I…I can’t believe she’s still here…she’s still…” I run my hand over the hood and her roof; she looked a bit strained from being stagnant all these years, but in my heart I knew I’d spend my time with her. She’s something I know I can fix with my tainted hands; something I know will turn out alright. I feel something vibrate in my jeans and jump by the sensation; Sam goes through the same procedure and manages to procure his phone. We stare at the names flashing on the screen and feel numb at what we were seeing. It had been so long since we…I honestly forgot we even had these…
Their skulls all derive from the same animal, but each had it’s unique factors- one had scars above its temple and crossed over it’s left eye socket, a few broken teeth and holes near the cheek bone, the black smoke seeped out from it. The other had more scratches over it’s head- but a broken jaw that maladjusted with its movements, it would always go the other direction as it moved to and fro.
Dean places the journal in his lap and the truck's messy ignition echoes around them, soon the vehicle moves and they drift away.
“I saw flashes- more like glimpses of a place. I have never been there before so I believe that might be it, but I’ve been finding it difficult to… clear out the mess in between” he fidgets with his thumbs, their excessive scraping sent unnerving goosebumps in Dean’s skin “I saw a river, a massive field of grass- the rest is a blur…”
“I heard you while you were asleep, bad dream?” Castiel asked cautiously, Dean could sense an innocent curiosity in his words and he answered honestly as a response.
and I know I never really thanked you or really appreciated you for it, even after we became…friends” He gives off a choked laugh “But you saw something in me, you always saw something in me worth saving and that’s why…that’s why you always came back to me…to fight for that part of me. It’s insane really…you say that we’re…unhealthy or that we’re poison to each other but I can’t for the life of me
Castiel looks around the woods and senses the dry air around his ankles- they felt so brittle and cracked on the tiny pebbles and sticks on the ground- the fact that he was barefoot didn’t help them either. He laughs at his idiocy, even something as small as this could make him laugh- make him human. He never realized how much of his angelic grace was dependent on him being apathetic- he feels the swelling again inside of him, whatever invaded his system wasn’t just his grace- but the only concern was whether the essence of the Ijiraq posed a threat to him, and whether using this power again can correct his misjudgment.
He feels himself smile as he buries his nose in his hair, his cheek grazing his head gently as he nuzzles a bit, he’s embarrassed by his actions, so flushed and so drained but even so he felt at ease, in the back of his mind he knew he might not have time left for leisure such as this.
“Come here. You don’t have to be afraid” Castiel lifts the kitten up and feels its purring shivering body in his hands. He walks under the cover once more and buttons up his trench coat slowly, making sure its head popped out from the collar easily. He was so comfortable in his arms! The very sight of it was doing strange things to him, even if he looked like a skinny, wet little rodent “You’re okay now” He smiles at the little thing nuzzling and relishing his body heat, looking up at him as he purrs and kneads the inside of his coat roughly “You remind me of him a little too much” he nudges its forehead and he blinks back with adoration “Don’t worry, I’ll watch over you” he coos as he hugs him tightly.
He scans the items and flashes the total amount for Castiel to see, his eyes a little worried at the amount he used up, he still pays but he hoped he has enough change for a bus ticket.
Castiel shuffles by the sound as he wakes up from an unplanned nap, his neck aching the moment his eyes flickered open with the air around his legs numbingly cold. He hears an old woman chew on her gum a few seats away; she awaited the bus in the dead of the night too, just like him. He rubs his eyes and yawns, his back a bit stiff as he rubs his thighs to bring the circulation in his hands back. The woman looks at him from the corner of her eye and in a suppressed panic holds onto her bag more firmly, Castiel wasn’t sure why she would react that way until he remembered one minor detail
“Shocking” Crowley mumbles again, Sam really needed to keep him in line before he says something even worse.
“Is there nothing else in that head of yours?” Castiel jokes as he runs his hand over Dean’s shoulder and slides it downwards until it rests upon his waist. Dean sits on top of him and starts to straighten out the tangles in his bed hair. He chaps his lips and watches Cas stare at him relentlessly and without remorse “Why are you looking at me like that?” he’s coy with his words as he heaves a satisfied sigh. Castiel smiles at his little gestures and contemplates over his features and anatomy, his full cheeks, the less heavy bags under his eyes and the green ablaze from the serenity of it all. His lips a forever pout with their natural pinkness so defined that it was hard to keep yourself away from them, the blonde stubble upon his jaw a dream to touch and feel against your fingertips. All of it was Dean.
Sam’s lips quiver uncontrollably, he tried saying something back but Bobby stifled any form of hesitancy he wanted to let out. He feels gutted as he stands hopelessly in front of the man who saved him, nurtured him in more ways than his father ever did- as children, as hunters, as people, as sons- and somehow he couldn’t utter a single word in front of him now, he felt ashamed of his silence and his tentativeness.
“Why are humans capable of making everyone else so sad Dean? Feelings are always so…intimidating. We really don’t have the answer to everything…sadly I wish we did” he sighs as he sees the blurry building get closer, Dean’s little head also pops out and wiggles his nose at the scent in the air “Heh. Of course you react to food more positively than with people. It scares me how much you act like him” Castiel laughs as he breathes with ease and adjusts the strap, he fiddles around with the cash in his pocket-it was enough for one or two meals for the both of them, if dealt with correctly he could afford a bus ticket too.
After a few seconds my face went blank, all the rage and pain was erased somehow, I removed my hand from my mouth and stood silently. I took out two beers from the fridge since I had nothing else, and walked out. He was still there, staring into space. He looked so innocent, I wish I didn't have to go through with this.
...this is something we’ve been wanting for…too damn long! I know I’ve…I know I’ve hurt us both in more ways than I’d like to admit but Cas…this is real-okay? This…” Dean joins his forehead with Cas’ as he gasps and shuts his eyes-a frail tear drop falling slowly as he speaks again “Gah- I’m making no goddamn sense here…all I’m saying is…
I lifted my head up and noticed how everyone's attention was glued to the chalk board, a man with quite a nice body structure was writing down something on the board.
“I’m afraid…I’m…” Castiel holds his stare and watches Dean shake his head, their foreheads still rubbing against their old skin “Are you sure you want this?”
“- Because you chose to leave everything behind Dean! Never addressing how you felt and never having the heart to hear anyone else’s doubt because you were too afraid- afraid of being paralyzed by your own demons in your own head- If you feel that way can you imagine how everyone else feels? How Cas felt when he came to realize he was the one who caused all of this?”
After the wry symbols there lay an image of multiple crosses enclosed in a circle, a black line connected all of these drawings together-it was structured even in this juvenile way of showing it. The line led to the drawing of the same black figure, it was marked with a thorough and repetitively drawn 'x' on it. Dean's narrow eyes remain perplexed as he encountered the strange drawings, his chest rising and falling as he pushes himself to turn the page again. Castiel breaths in the harrowing air and blinks nervously as he reads a sentence scribbled at the edge of the page.
The man had guided Sam to this destination, Crowley always isolated himself from everyone else over the past few years, unless he made 'deals' whatever that meant. Sam gulps, unsure of whether his first step could also be his last; hesitantly he places his foot steadily and then marches on as if he wanted to be a target. The exterior of the house was poorly structured, made strictly from some type of dark wood, the panels and the window frames looked quite rushed and weren't perfectly symmetrical in shape, some more hexagonal than their usual squares. Sam made his way onto the steps and a massive creak emerges. He winces at the sound and jumps over the other two steps and makes it to the front porch, he sighs at his antics and faces the gloomy entrance, preparing himself to be sucked in. He extends his hand to knock but a thick accented voice erupts before he could even try
. And that’s what caused this rift in the first place. This never ending guilt, lack of trust, sometimes even hate…I regret all of it. I tried drowning every bit of you in liquor and…nothing ever seemed enough. But this? You holding me this way? It’s done much more than anything else ever had. I was just too stubborn and stupid to see that and I wish…I wish I could’ve said it to you when I wasn’t too busy being my father and a brother for Sam…I wish I didn’t keep you tethered this way and then push you away even when I didn’t want you to
The bars of the rusty cage kept stinging as Dean made contact with them, the trees grew tall over their heads and Dean sat solemnly under them. The night felt eerily cold on his skin and he sighed quietly as he rubbed the dirt off of his hands. Castiel lays near him, still unconscious by his encounter as he shuffled uncomfortably in his dazed condition; Dean’s eyes soften at the sight, seeing him wounded this way...he was reminded of all of the people who ended up getting hurt because of him, he bitterly claimed. Dean stared at the man who was guarding their miniature cell, he kept on moving back and forth in five minute intervals and Dean felt like he was spiraling into a massive anger fit once more as the guard grinned at him slyly.
The ‘boss’ ordered one of his minions to take off the cloth from Dean’s head, the friction against his skin left a burning sensation and Dean winced internally by the forced contact. He blinks his eyes rapidly at the sudden light that entered them, through his blurry sight he could make out a few lit up and a lot of people dressed strictly in black. He licked his lips and stared at the man in front of him a few steps away. He wore some run down leather pants with some second grade quality boots to match; his grey undershirt was slightly torn from its neck line as he tried to cover it up with several necklaces that hung around his thick neck, the chains and random trinkets jingled as he placed his head in his pale bare hands. The sinister brightness in his eyes had brought back several not so fond memories and Dean found himself holding back a growl.
“Oh-I do. I’ve wanted this for so long but…I never had the fucking guts to admit it” he has a faint smile as his thumb caresses Castiel’s pale face “Please…I’m tired of running away from the few miracles that exist in my life-
Why was I panicking? Why was I allowing myself to feel this way? Why do I feel this way again? Why am I torturing myself again?.
He blinks again as he holds back a cough- but he couldn’t contain it- especially after he caught sight of it.
“And what about me?” Dean teases as he shuffles from the bed and starts walking towards the door with an extended hand. Castiel laughs wholeheartedly as he readjusts himself against the bed rest “I love you both equally-maybe one a little more than most”
We always wished for a normal life together and now that we have it; we don't even know what to do anymore. My breathing became unsteady as I thought about it more and more, I didn't want to fail anymore, I have the one I hold most dear to me, he's alive and he's safe, what more could I want?.
"Alright, where do we begin?" I asked casually, I gave him the bottle of beer and he took it without hesitation, I was a little taken aback by that. "Um, well I might have a problem in remembering the names of the certain frames? Or the effects provided in certain camera shots? I'm not so sure myself" he said shyly. I snickered over how much he was struggling just to speak to me, I couldn't help but smile at him. He noticed my actions and got embarrassed, his fair skin tone turned red within minutes. "Okay so let's start off with the basics" I said, a little too glumly "First of all, you need to know this shit for your research paper. And in order to do that you need references, movies especially. You need to know of different companies, hence you need to watch movies dude. Stop being such a martian"
“There’s nothing left to fix. This conversation is over” Castiel starts walking away into the hall; it takes Dean a few good seconds to react and follows him down the hall
“Okay, okay- lets just narrow it down a little…” Dean bends over and helps them, his hands grazing Castiel’s from time to time-he didn’t notice it but Cas felt himself swell every time-It kind of hurt to see him act so distant.
Dean’s eyes widened, the grey still swimming inside. For some reason even through his paralysis you felt that he could hear everything, feel everything- was that possible? Or was it wishful thinking on my part?
But I believe I owed it to the community and to those who actually read it, strangely enough. Since the show is near its end I will be finishing this 3 part series, I hope you'll like it and I hope I do justice to the characters.
“…Yeah. I suppose it is. It doesn’t bother you, like at all? I know you have this macho exterior thing going on Dean, but just-”
"Damn it Cas you scared the shit out of me. I've told you a million times to stop doing that" he pouted
Dean eyed him shamelessly and started to get up before Sam pushed him over with his foot, appalled by his behavior Dean opened his mouth only to be taken over by his lethargy, he groans into the mattress and gives up instantly. Beads of sweat trickled down his forehead and he tried making sense from his mumbles, well, tried to at least.
Why does it feel like the whole building was falling from the highest stratosphere and into the depths of hell?
“I’ll bear that loud asshole instead of you. So you owe me, big time” Sam responded to his unconscious brother and he sighed. “I’ll get you some soup too; hopefully they’ll be in stock” Sam chuckled over how paternal his words seemed. He strapped the bag over his shoulder and took Dean’s pistol, without asking of course.
Castiel lies unconscious beside him as the truck shuffled on the road, Dean's eyes flutter from the journal, his own crinkled map and then back on the road again, too many times than he'd like to admit. There was this strange wave of panic rushing over him and he knew he couldn't complain about it but it would've been nice to talk to someone about it.
“Not until you tell me what I need to know, or else I can force it out of you- an option I do not wish to use”
You start counting backwards, you've seen Sam do it sometimes and you couldn't come up with any other solution
I laugh at the thought of how much I bothered him when I never understood human technologies, he had a lot of patience with me. Thinking about him made me realize how much I had missed him, how could I not feel anything this past year? If I had truly loved him then I would've never forgotten. It disgusts me how heartless I had become, I start to ache from the inside; my memories are the only things that are keeping me sane. I needed to see him, I needed to tell-
The harlequin tiled floor stretched for what felt like miles, old framed pictures of musicians hung lazily over rusted nails, clock handles stopped and crooked as it hovered above rotten mantles and faded kaleidoscopic wallpapers. This diner had a theme to it, booths oozing with the color red that complemented the black and white floors- a bit tacky for Dean’s taste but it still fascinated him- a lot more than he’d like to admit. The countertops were empty with dainty bottles of mustard, syrup and ketchup lying about, a lonely small old silver bell that no one had pressed in years and old glass containers for the bakery items that were once a part of the world he once knew with the menu cards completely abandoned and enveloped by dust. Dean looks away and ponders more over the ceiling- the cracks inviting him in the more he stretched his neck, what was this feeling inside him?
for five minutes?” Cas pulls away and heaves a sigh. He licks his lips and diverts his annoyed glance towards Dean, who’s chuckling at his demeanor and tries pulling him in for a kiss again, a kiss Castiel straight up refused-it hurt Dean a little more than he wanted to admit and the defeat on his face brings a smile to Cas’ flushed face “You had to ruin this by nitpicking about the most unreasonable things”
A screech echoes through the building and shakes the entire room- the three of you squint from the pain and cover your ears to lessen the sound somehow- but it seemed to never end. You open your eyes and try to stabilize your breathing as you slide down towards the floor- the room wouldn’t stop spinning and the only way you could have some control was stare at the floor. Under the door you see a massive light erupt and cast shadows over your feet, Sam takes note of it too as the ringing in your ears start to dissipate the brighter the light became- you recognized the glow instantly and you weren’t sure if you wanted to know what happened on the other side.
"CAS" I screamed. My feet started to move on its own, I never dared to open my eyes during this chaos. Before I knew it I heard a loud thud from my door. I opened my eyes to see where I stood.
The tears welled up and his chest felt so hollow than it did before, it felt as if he rammed a machete through his stomach and left it there. Even through the throbbing he stifled his cries. A few deep sighs later he composes himself and rubs the tears off his cheeks.
“No” Dean responds with an indignant finger pointing “He does not get involved in this whatsoever, we don’t even know if he can do that sort of crap. He-” Dean turns at the sudden touch on his shoulder; he twists with ferocity but becomes still the moment he looks at him.
It was 10 o'clock, and a small town like this never had anything going about at this time, everyone was comfortable in their homes while I was running around trying to find the correct address of the man I had long forgotten. I was never this hyped up about anything in the world; my body couldn't contain itself and it just wanted to be free.
He’s completely dazed and lost in those calloused hands that cradle his face, by wings that wrap around him and heal this empty space from within, a broken shell of a man failing once more.
“I’ll keep in touch, Balthazar” he mumbles without even looking at him. He hears his exasperated sigh and then the heavy footsteps that followed suit- solace ensues once more as he stands idly with the veins in his wrists thumping an innumerable amount.
“I…” he wavers in his voice, he thought he had it together but the longer he looked at him the more compelled he felt- he wanted to tell him everything, how much these past 6 years have been torturous for him, to playing cards and scavenging and trading through nasty tricks, to crying himself to sleep every night because he couldn’t fathom what he had inside of him- or what he lacked. To have his blurred images torment him even if he forced himself to not think of someone long forgotten- to breathe without feeling his bones crack every time, to allow himself to feel this way without punishing himself for it.
I would've noticed the color if my eyes weren't fixated on his wet skin. The atmosphere around me became humid, I couldn't avert my gaze and I felt disgusted at my actions; I grabbed the nearby sharpened pencil on the counter beside me and jabbed it in my hand. I held in my scream and excused myself without saying a word, Dean tried to stop me while he was preoccupied with his wet papers but I chose to ignore him. I ran to the closest bathroom and saw myself in the dust filled mirror. Some dark circles had appeared underneath my eyes, and my skin looked as if it was shedding. My face was red with my embarrassing emotions, I simply ignored my sorry state and washed my face over the sink. I felt so useless and pathetic. My whole purpose was crumbling. I wanted to be free. I let out a sorry excuse of a groan, even when I expressed my frustration I looked like a wounded puppy who just wants to be rescued.
He looked at all of us (of course not me because I was way at the back) and I could tell he was making snide comments about all of us. He stopped in his tracks and crossed his arms, shaking his head as he did so. I noticed how all the girls were literally drooling over him, making their most sexy faces in front of him, at least that's what they thought. This man was strange, and I was quite intrigued.
“Is that really how you treat your guests?” Crowley mumbles in the back seat as his head pops towards the front, a levitating head in Dean’s view but a nuisance in Sam’s eyes.
Dean shrivels by the strange eye contact and chooses to move forward, he amazes himself sometimes- willingly talking to the person he wants to avoid the most? What was wrong with him? His hesitation takes him a while but he finally manages to take his first steps. The diner/store/gas station was quite extravagant for the location, Dean was shocked it didn’t have a ditzy motel attached to it- this would’ve been the perfect place for them to hang out- Sam with his wifi and salads and Dean with his crates of beer and endless supply of cheeseburgers, and it being near a frickin river? What beats that honestly? He sees the dim strip of water lay siege in the tall grass behind it, the world felt a lot bigger to him all of a sudden- no walls and runes left to protect him.
Castiel nodded full heartedly, he didn’t say anything after that for a while before he thought of another question.
“Like… the world broke off from there. And that there was nothing beyond that point, Heh… I guess we gave it that name for a reason I guess” he broke off as he grabbed the ends of his sleeves anxiously. Dean started scanning Castiel’s body language and through the sincerity of his gestures he knew that he wasn’t lying to him, the air between them felt lighter as they continued to walk through a rocky path around the corner.
is over Dean. I swear I know, man" he rubs his eyes with the end of his sleeve and a straight brown smudge appeared on his cheeks and on the bridge of his nose "But sometimes I just wish you could...crack one of your lame jokes, here and there you know? Be like my older brother again. I never realized how much I missed him until he was finally gone for good".
“Sam; and it is my business because this trinket is mine” Sam announced with a bit of dominance in his voice, he glares at Crowley vehemently, he stares back at him confused. Crowley opens his mouth and reluctantly closes it again, he watches Sam carefully and casually swirled the contents in his glass. He takes a few steps towards him, asserting his position once more and he mouthed his words scornfully.
Castiel remains quiet, his eyes worn out from the constant dialogue from Dean, he wanted to be alone right now but he was too weary to even leave the room for that short moment of solace, everything hurt and everything sucked.
“Cas, whatever it is we can fix it- you just need to let us in. Maybe I might’ve jumped the gun a bit there-”
“What? But you just sai-” Sam points out but is shut down by Dean, his hand gestures doing the talking for him.
, I need to know if what he said was really true" Castiel gripped onto the strap of his tote bag more harshly than before, he took a few steps forward and continued to walk slowly.
He felt his insides twist and collapse, reactively he bounces off from his seat and slowly walks back to his spot near the window "Are you kidding me? Trust? You barely know me moose..."
“Well, you weren’t lying about the cryptic part” Dean rubs his hand over his face and lets it linger on his chin- Cas was always fascinated by his little gestures but to see him do this now adds a daunting weight on his chest.
something. After the longest time I…I fucking want something that gives me a chance to be happy” He shrugs and laughs as his eyes melt into Castiel’s.
“Well, what now moose?” Crowley peeks over Sam’s shoulder, like a little devil whispering in his ear.
“And I think we need to dwell over how you’re even awake right now, amongst other things obviously”  Dean responds while crossing his arms, waiting for the one thing he got distracted from after seeing Sam.
The dim light that escaped the dead sky was falling onto Castiel’s sleepy face as he lay on the ground; he was more dozed off than usual and even with his closed eyes he knew that he was just stuck in one of his eventful dreams again.
I hear Jody use a few swear words and I chuckle at how she continued to spit into Sam’s ears, his eyes squinting as if being scolded by a parent “What? You’ve been contacting us for 4 months? Are…are you sure that’s really it? No-no I’m not questioning it…it just seems impossible that’s all…” Sam runs his hand through his hair and watches me in a relieved kind of way. I turn my phone on and see the notifications flashing on the screen, an endless list of calls from Crowley, some notifications and updates from Garth, Claire dropped in a message or two as well, Charlie sent some photos regarding shenanigans of her own, Jody’s messages and emails regarding a case from long ago…its agonizing to go through it all. I kept staring at the call log and kept swiping downwards to see everyone who managed to call us these past few months, the date and time flashing in my eyes- as if taunting me for my absence-as if the Collapse never even happened.
“Heh. Yeah you can say that again” Dean scratches his forehead and sighs “Which one is it? I think I’ve read some Shakespeare in high school but I can’t remember which one”
Dean extends his hand out to him and watches Cas fondly, he had never seen this side of him and it was making him feel dizzy all over “Not yet, my Huckleberry” Castiel speaks as he mimics a deep voice, Dean tries to stifle a laugh but fails completely. It was a good thing Castiel turned around before he could see the reaction himself-he felt so stupid doing that-why did he think that would be funny?
“Okay so game plan guys, should we split up or-“ Dean mumbles as he collects his weapons from the trunk of the car, his lazy arms swerving about with those massive knives and pistols as if they were mere playthings; at this point maybe they were.
“Cas, wait-” you call on him but a burning sensation started to spread in your chest- you clench your fists and bite your tongue from the sudden pain. Sam’s closed his eyes and is wincing excessively- but Castiel’s hands soon shift from their chests-his index and middle finger transferring the pain to their forehead. It’s easier to handle it there for some reason- but the numbness from the burn was starting to melt his bones a little bit.
“Yikes, you really were powerful enough to make everyone forget about you huh?” Dean speaks under his breath; clearly trying to be unsubtle with his words. You turn towards him and try to find the words yourself but you only swallow uncomfortably as he glares at you- he senses your hesitation and turns away, his grip tightening around the wheel.
Even with all of this he felt clueless, could it even bleed? It could be un-killable for all he knows.
He feels his insides burn in innumerable ways, blood falls from his lips but Castiel keeps him still, no matter how much he wanted to make it stop.
Sam’s head was pounding by the exhaustion and he fought the urge to run so far from all of this. His heart beat kept pulsating through him and through the throbbing he failed to realize that he reached the outskirts of his cabin. He watched his melancholic palace and didn’t resist moving towards it. Sam breathed in and walked inside, the door creaking as always. The warmth of the dark room pulls him in and he felt at ease when he sees the familiar ugliness within it. He rubbed his boots on the floor below and took them off, the loud shuffling and dragging made a familiar, yet sleepy voice erupt.
Sam slides off of the hood and stands with ease before he answers “A pit stop, we needed gas” he tries to stifle a yawn but couldn’t help himself “I thought maybe Dean would’ve liked to check this place out when he woke up, it may have some other supplies we can use from the general store”
in all those years I wanted you to. You never wanted someone else to share your burden, to share your grief because you always did what you do best-
He refused to drink it, regardless of his impatient nature he chooses to look away and stares out the window instead. Crowley's eyes widened, taken aback by the sight he places his glass on the worn out coffee table and zooms towards the front door. To his surprise he caught Sam, heaving in place with his hand extended forward, knocking perhaps? Crowley grimaced as he stood behind the door and allows the ragged man to enter. Sam walks through the tiny hallway; not even looking back at a thoroughly confused Crowley. He hesitates but manages to take gradual steps. He enters his living room once more to a glistening Sam, the sweat on his brow excessive and his breathing unstable. He groans immensely and he collapses on the sofa. Crowley shoves his hands in his pockets and waits patiently, he holds in the temptation to tap his foot against the floor.
Castiel doesn’t respond as he stares with his composed gaze; Dean couldn’t bear to think what kind of mess he looked like in his eyes.
He sees his dusty round face call out to him, his hand holds his abdomen while the other pointed to something in front of Sam, his eyes grew massive as he continued to scream-but why did it seem so quiet in his ears?
He opens his stinging eyes that stung and mustered up the courage to look. He eases his breathing again and starts to move away.
Castiel’s eyes bulge out at his voice and he feels embarrassed, as though he had committed a crime “I was going to but I…”
“I’m…glad too. Even with everything… I’m glad that…we have this. The nows, the laters, the soons. All of it” Castiel looks at him and takes him into his lips, Dean welcomes his clumsy and passionate lips, it’s what made him Cas after all. The beauty of his muddled humanity- all of it was Cas.
"Wai- dreams?" I asked. I couldn't believe it, I had somehow cracked him. "Damn it Cas stop being an ass and just listen to me. Do you have any memory of what has happened throughout the whole year?" I shook him as I asked.
" He murmurs; the throbbing in his chest and neck intensifies and blurs the world around him. He finds himself enveloped in Dean's embrace and he buries his face in his elbow and starts to cry, the top of his head felt comforted by Dean's chin and he huddled in even closer, the both of them felt so stupid as they held each other without any remorse. Dean kept his grip tight, the hug eases the pain inside them the longer he cradled Castiel in his arms.
Hey guys! I was really looking forward to this chapter in particular! I hope the hype is real and that I'm getting better at this! Hope you're enjoying it this far :3
Sam’s concerned eyes wander over me as I shuffle from the turmoil, he sees my phone slip from my fingers, the name clear in his view and I feel his grief seep into me.
"Eh..." Dean mopes as he kept switching through the channels and was continuously greeted by the same unsatisfying sound "Never imagined a day where I wouldn't have any music on when I drove.... Just what my already excessive PTSD needed..." Castiel looks at him and rubs his teeth against one another until his mouth felt tingly
“I hope I don’t intrude on our- oh so splendid journey together but I’ve been meaning to ask you some questions regarding our destination” Dean interrupts at just the right time. Castiel tilted his head slightly and tells him to ‘shoot’.
“Sigh. I was hoping you wouldn’t say that. It’s been 6 years already; can’t you just be done with it? Where’s the curiosity in you?”
Sam’s eyes widened, his tone overcome by absolute bewilderment “You’ve been to the Edge?! How is that?-"
“Tsk, tsk-such a talker” he laughs as he slaps his knee slowly “I guess I can give them the good news-I’ll give Sam a call and we can be on our way-you can still fly, right?”
“I woke up, several hours later to find myself covered in my own blood and dead leaves, the light had faded and the world seemed at peace once more, one could only hope, right?But no. I turned around and started walking back, no idea why I just thought it was something I had to do. On the inside I wanted answers so...I kept walking, silently hoping. But... no one was there, not even a bloody footprint; and all that remained was…”
Castiel wants to get his attention but he keeps shuffling and moving so much that it was a nightmare to even try, eventually he gives up and aids him in his pursuit. Dean sneaks a look and nods approvingly before he starts searching upwards; a small smile appearing and fading within seconds upon his lips.
?!” Sam turns his neck abruptly as he sees me collapsed on my knees and holding onto my chest from the pain, his voice still lingers in my ears and I can’t find myself to breathe “Jody!? I’ll call you back…something’s come up...Huh? Yes-yes everything’s fine I’ll call you back I promise!” Sam cuts the call and starts shaking my shoulders from behind “Dean? DEAN? Hey-hey-hey…” he struggles to keep me on my feet as I choke on the air leaving my body.
“My brother threw it away, a really long time ago because… but the whole thing with the guy and the demons… it’s honestly not making any sense! How did he manage to...? Who was that guy?” Sam stood up and started walking about, losing himself completely in Crowley’s story. He watches him patiently as he holds his empty glass; it seems that even he didn’t have the answers for Sam’s questions. Sam looks outside and notices the dimness in the sky, he didn’t realize how much time had passed and a sudden panic started to grow. He picks himself up steadily and reaches for his bag on the ground and checks his pockets-a routine really. He starts to make his way through the room with a grimace.
‘Umm, your car is that way-right? Let’s not waste any more time. Sam must be worried” Castiel starts to walk in the direction Dean came from and continued onwards with his cat placed on his shoulder, he watches Dean follow up behind with their pupils massive and dark. “Wait! What the hell did I say? Cas?!” Dean shuffles awkwardly as he catches up to him with a sly grin on his confused face. Their voices fade out the farther they walk away from the spot they lay in, Dean’s laugh is loud enough to reach this place even if the wind blew away every trace they left behind.
The ceiling becomes cloudy with the blackness oozing from the cracks, Dean tries to shake Castiel but is pushed back with a powerful force, Sam catches him in time and the both of them stare helplessly, eyes battered by the darkness within the room.
I try to break away from my thoughts but they keep me tethered to this earth, this slightly less fucked up earth that was going to move on without me. They’re going to move on while you’ll still linger on this road-this road to nowhere-this permanence you craved for so long.
“Mmm” Dean groans as he shuffles a bit, his grip never loosening “Shut that crap off” he nuzzles Cas’ nape and sighs heavily on his skin. Castiel smiles and scratches Dean’s head slowly “I’ll wear headphones” he whispers and pulls away to reach out for the wire dangling on the bedside table.
“No. I’m very much on the ground…” Castiel squints as he rubs his hands together for warmth, his cold puffs in synch with her cigarette smokes
The same sound invaded their ears, something heavy moved and it could be heard just a few feet away from where they stood. Dean pounced at the sound, Castiel followed suit and tip toed as quietly as he could; they crossed a canister and entered a narrow passage between one two buildings. They positioned themselves and started pushing through slowly, their hands traced the chipped off bricks of the building and a dusty dry smell had taken over their lungs. Dean made it through the passage first and he dashed towards the source of the sound. Castiel followed lazily behind, his claustrophobia was kicking in and he found it difficult to breathe through the passage. He needed to catch up.
“If you had just listened to me then there wouldn’t be any ‘going through’, but you refused to acknowledge that I was going through something too and it’s not just you- who chooses to brood and not talk about it!” Sam starts rubbing his temples as he frowns, Dean feels his guilt piling up again- was all of this because of him?
"Sam..." Dean whispered as he continued to stare in horror and flip simultaneously, Castiel shoves his hands in his armpits and tries to stop himself from shaking. A page or two later they both stare at a peculiar image which seemed less menacing than the others, the page was filled with distorted triangular and animal shapes, or was it something else?
Dean gets up, his stance seemed a lot more senile than he wanted it to be, but he is up nonetheless- Sam’s furrowed brows finally manage to relax on his forehead and he takes a small step back- the agitation just killing him from the inside. Bobby also stands up- him actually being senile it makes more sense- and watches Dean closely. He extends his hand to touch his shoulder, it sinks into Dean’s skin slowly- warmth he didn’t know he wanted for a while now. He’s indifferent, but somehow he still feels… He feels?
It seems your human vessel cannot protect you either! Humans are such wonderful things to play with. But we still prefer terrorizing you from your fragile minds! They stop burning you and you dangle lifelessly in their grasp- the mucus and saliva in your throat lingers as you swallow in some air, your eyes bulge out towards the endless sky and massive drops of tears soothe your skin- a few even fall upon your burns, it’s saline warmth easing you for that brief moment in time.
“You may think that I was unconscious and honestly I was through most of it...but I heard the screams Dean. The least you can do is tell me if there is a threat, so that I can prepare myself when the time comes. Which is hopefully never” Castiel spoke squeamishly and waited for his response.
Dean’s eyes mellow down at his tone and he embraces him back “Who said I was leaving you?” he kisses his neck and cheek as he lets his lips linger a little longer “I just got you back”
“I suggest you boys bring a map” Crowley groans as he watches the three of them on the ground “the biggest one”. Dean finishes and looks up at Crowley- his eyes spewing with rage and annoyance- he should know by now that something like this only riles him up.
His dewy green eyes wander over his face- he felt so ugly and ashamed as he looked at him- just fighting the urge to erase himself somehow. But Dean keeps looking, swallowing hard and breathing slowly in front of him.
I straightened myself up, I took a deep breath and walked to the door. My shoes made soft clicking sounds as it made contact with the floor, I reached out my hand and placed it on the handle. Okay, here we go.
He frowns at the thought- a full tank of gas later and he still stayed here a lot longer than he had intended, they had a few good miles to cover but even then he just stopped himself for now, the throbbing in his head couldn’t have made things better anyways.
Nothing made sense to me anymore. I wanted to know so much more, I wanted to be so much more. But what?
“Stay back! Or there’s more where that came from, a lot more flammable too!” A shrill voice echoes and bounces around the room. Castiel looks around to see where the bottle was thrown from until his eyes caught on something intriguing. He senses a bent figure behind a wooden desk a few feet from him, something he knew wasn’t there the first time he stepped through this place- he was so distracted by the physical stimuli that he didn’t bother wondering whether someone harmless would be hiding here- at least he assumed they were harmless. He hears a dissolute heartbeat pounding away behind it, even with the distance he could manage to listen to every sound the person made- their breathing, salivating throat and rising anxiety from their stomach, even their body heat, a girls to be precise- could this be the Ijiraq’s powers? Was utilizing them the best thing to do here?
“If it was just resurrecting us Cas I may have still understood- god damn it I would’ve… but to just erase yourself from everything? To toy with us and make us forget about you? Six years Cas, Six GOD DAMN YEARS and it took Sam running away for me to find you again- you know how insulted that makes us feel? How horrible it makes all of us feel? To lose our best friend like that and not even know they existed?” Dean’s eyes were exasperated but they were concealed by poignant sorrow- he turned away from him and wiped his eyes before his tears could come out. Sam is teary eyed too- he walks towards the foot of the bed and places his hand on the board, gripping it tightly to try and control his nervousness. Bobby still stood at the doorway with an empathetic grimace, he breathes silently as Dean goes in closer- much closer to Cas. Castiel stood up in anticipation, if the bed wasn’t behind him he would be stepping towards the wall- but alas he stood still, never meeting his gaze.
The room breaks itself apart as a familiar ringing and blue glow erupts, the walls erase themselves as the light stretches upwards, downwards-almost anywhere one could imagine. Sam holds onto Dean with all of his might while Crowley holds onto him, they shield themselves from the burst by closing their eyes tightly but even then the light seeped through the smallest of fissures, but for some reason it didn’t hurt them, it felt almost…familiar.
